---
layout: page
title: 251. Amber Tamblyn, Todd Glass [22235⧸21137].mp3.wav
category: cbb 
---

First timer star of Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants, Amber Tamblyn is here and one of our old favorites, Todd Glass is here with us.

All of that and more all on today's very special bonus.

♪♪♪ Now that the summer is behind us, I'll finally be able to tan the back of my arms Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

Great catchphrase! Thanks Colt Barton.

If you have a catchphrase, send it on over to us.

Welcome to the show. We're here.

It's Comedy Bang Bang for another week.

The Grunter is with us, our favorite character from the show.

Grunt again for us.

Grunter grunts.

Ah ha ha, he's here.

Hey, I'm Scott Aukerman.

If you've never heard the show before, this is a special bonus episode of the show coming out on a Thursday.

We had to, we had to convene.

Something so monumental happened that we had to get a special episode of the show here.

Together so that we could talk about something very special happening a little later tonight.

If you're listening to this on the day it comes out.

If you're listening to it in the future, just enjoy the show.

The Grunter is here.

If you've never heard, yes, here he is.

If you've never heard the show before, maybe you're coming to us from the TV show.

You watched the TV show after all, just on Friday.

There are the second half of our, our second season started with, uh, uh, Rainn Wilson was on the show.

And maybe you're like, hey, let me check out that podcast.

Well, here it is.

I'm the host, Scott Aukerman, Reggie, not around.

He did the theme song.

Hey, that's something.

Uh, and I talked to some great friends and we just, uh, this is a bro out session, I think is, is really the way to talk about it.

And we'll, we'll, we'll, uh, bro out in just a second after I take care of some business.

Uh, coming up on the comedy bang bang TV show tomorrow, Pee Wee Herman, our very special Halloween episode.

Yes.

Ah.

He does a whole episode of all new Pee Wee bits.

Are you serious?

Very serious.

Yes.

Yeah, really.

Oh, yeah.

Todd just gave you a like real, like off the air, like really like, you know, you can tell me if you're, no, I would love to be here.

There's not that many people like Pee Wee Herman would be the Fred Willard.

I always get excited when I'm around.

Yeah.

Uh, yeah, yeah.

Pee Wee came by, did a whole episode.

Uh, he's the only guest and he does all new material and uh , yeah, it's a really special episode.

That's our special Halloween episode that'll be coming out this Friday, IFC 10 PM, nine central.

Is that an excited ghost?

You're saying, you're saying, Ooh, like, Ooh, let's get to our guests.

Um, you've been hearing him interrupt me on the show already.

Uh, was that an interrupt?

I thought that was, you thought it was additive.

I thought that was part of the show.

But imagine if you were a letterman, you talk to a guest for like 10 minutes and then you go, wow, I didn't know you were going to be interrupting me.

I know what you mean.

Do you do your business?

I haven't introduced you.

Sure.

That's true.

Let me just shut up.

That's how we make the money right there.

I know.

You know, uh, you also, or at least I saw him hold up the glass of water that was given to him, uh, to check to see if there were any bugs in it right before we started.

I would check to see him.

I was very impressed.

The only reason I'm a little anxious, uh, sometimes used, this is a real glass with water.

Uh, and it's obviously plastic.

No, it's not plastic.

Disposable.

Cause it's clean.

And I noticed it.

I went, cause sometimes you go to a place and you can tell they might wash their own dishes a little sloppy.

If you wash your own dishes at your house sloppy, it's not a big deal, but when someone else is going to be drinking out of it and I looked at these, I went, that's a clean glass.

Who cleans them?

If you wash your own dishes at your house sloppy, it's not a big deal.

Well, now I have to explain if you have one glass and you go rinse it out.

No, it's your own glass, but it's just...

Why do you only have one glass, you filthy slob?

I'm not gonna, people know what I mean.

We all know who he is just from his, uh, speech and vocal patterns and the, uh, the vibrations that are coming into our ears that are specific to his voice.

Uh, he is the Subaru of comedy people have called him.

Um, Kia.

Oh, you switched to Kia now.

I switched to Kia.

Subaru and Kia, they both been good to my mom.

So, you know, why does it have to be a competition?

We'll talk about it though.

Uh, I am the writer of his theme song, which hopefully we 'll talk about that in a second.

Hopefully people have been singing to you in live events.

It makes me, every time they do it, it makes me, I use this word a lot, melt.

Like it's very like, oh, you did, they're walking by you on the street and they start singing it.

And I'm like, oh, that is so, so endearing.

We'll talk about that as well.

Um, as soon as I introduce him, um, he is the, I call him comedy transparency because his name is glass.

Please welcome Todd Glass.

Yay!

Thank you.

She's been very polite.

She is not interrupted at all.

She's merely laughed and expressed enthusiasm for Todd.

Um, she is a first timer on the show.

This is very exciting.

Uh, expressing enthusiasm for herself.

Let's run it down.

Her career.

You've seen her on TV.

You've seen her in movies.

Nope.

No, people have not seen those.

Wow.

Interesting.

All right.

Well, I don't know where you'd know her from, but Amber Tam let is here.

Yay!

We got an applause machine going that we, we help each other out.

She was kind to me.

I'm kind in return.

Yeah.

But you would not be kind if she was not kind to you first?

It certainly makes it more fun.

He might.

He might a little bit.

Do you guys know each other?

Uh, I thought that you would know each other.

We fucked once.

Woo.

Ooh boy.

We did.

I blew her.

We did.

Emotionally.

You know, just an emotional thing.

Me and Todd.

Yeah.

What was those like half Italian, half Japanese?

I don't know what I just did.

I was confused.

I have a, I have in my house a lovely book that Todd made for my husband, David Alan Greer.

Yes, DAG.

He'll be on the show soon.

David Cross.

That was from the tour.

That's right.

Now you're putting it together.

Yes.

And you know what?

It was so hard.

Now, I remember trying to get a picture of you to put in the book because you surprised, does this, does this audience know what you did?

That was so much fun.

No way.

Who did when?

When I was on the road with David Cross, um, we, uh, we surprised, you surprised him and he came into the bus and I think we asked him to go get something out of one of the back, uh, like the cab where you sleep.

Like one of the, Yeah, it was like a red eye.

I got in really early in the morning and they were getting ready to take off to another town.

And you and you, uh, and you were just there and I, we genuinely, you genuinely surprised him, right?

I did.

I was in his bunk.

And, uh, when he opened the curtain on his bunk, he, the look on his face was, um, perhaps a lady from one of the other gentlemen on the tour had left their lady on his bunk by accident.

And had stumbled into him.

Yeah.

Um, but then he saw my, uh, big pancake batter stomach and he went, oh, that's, that's my wife.

So wait, what are you talking about?

A picture you were trying to get?

Oh yeah.

By the way, that was like, you know, when you go on these tours with people, you don't know, I might say something nice, you know, that's not the Dave I know, but, um, uh, you don't know, like I told my brother once when I, when I was going on tour actually with Dave and they, and he goes, well, you know, all these guys, I go, yeah, you're not, you don't know them till you're on a tour bus with him.

He was very silly, which I didn't know how silly he'd be.

Um, very, uh, always even tempered, never moody, which, uh, I don't know if that's your experience with him.

Yup.

Taught for the moody blues on tour, but made a lot of money .

And liked, which I liked the most eating, he enjoyed eating dinner.

Like we'd go to a restaurant and we'd really soak it in and like, and I liked that.

I really, uh, I enjoyed that.

That's probably my favorite thing.

And he talked about his dog the whole time that he missed his dog.

Is the dog still cool and everything?

Yes.

Okay.

Great.

He is very happy.

And I made one of those books where you go on, um, I miss my dog tour.

That was the name of it.

And it was a picture of Ollie on the front and it was, you know, of their whole tour.

Oh, so it was, oh, so the dog was on the front.

But then there were pictures of the two of you in the tour.

Yeah.

It was all everybody on the tour and there was one guy on the tour, Mort.

Mort.

Yeah.

He was just on the tour.

What a great thing to get to do.

All he had to do was do bits where he yelled out from the crowd or interrupted from the crowd.

Or was like live tweeting from the crowd or, you know, doing things like that.

It was really fun for him.

It was a fun, it was fun.

That was my first tour bus that I was ever on.

Really?

Yeah.

And that was, and I've wanted to do it so bad and it was everything I thought it would be.

Yeah.

You guys had an awesome bus.

Big fucking tour bus pulls up and that was a good tour bus because...

The David Cross Express!

It didn't have his name written on the side of it.

Why didn't you guys just take a car?

No, why say that?

Well, I'm just wondering.

Because...

How many of you were there?

Just you and him?

Well, first of all, I'll tell you why.

Because, first of all, you sleep through the night.

Yeah.

So it's like, if you get into your hotel bed and you have your blanket and a comfortable pillow and your hotel room goes down the highway, why wouldn't you want to do that?

Even if you're flying, and I don't fly private my own, but if I open up for certain acts, you do.

I think the tour bus is better than that.

You still gotta get up in the morning, go to the airport, go up.

It beats your body up a little bit.

I don't like going to the airport either, but isn't it really expensive to get the tour bus?

I mean...

I think if you're, depending on what type of tour it is and how many dates you can squeeze in, it can pay for itself sometimes.

Yeah.

Nothing pays for itself.

Meaning you can take on a few extra shows along the way that pays for it.

Am I being too serious?

This is a side to Todd I've never seen before.

He's talking about economics.

I love tour buses.

And it was the biggest tour bus, and the driver was great because he would pull up.

Like, I don't want to...

We had one driver, we'd go, let's go to Whole Foods and get some stuff for the thing, or wherever we were.

And he'd park like a block away.

We're like, no, I want to get out of this goddamn tour bus in front of the fucking Whole Foods.

Excuse my language.

Or a supermarket.

I just remember once with Whole Foods, we went.

And I'm like, I want to get out in front of it.

Blow the air horn.

I want, you know, I'm here.

You'd be disturbing all the residents who live around this Whole Foods.

Todd, you're a monster.

They love it.

I don't know.

I don't like this.

So anyway, that's where we originally first met.

Right.

I thought that you guys would know each other.

And so that's why I thought, what a great pairing.

We're going to bro out here on the show.

And let's talk about it.

I mean, the reason we convened here today, something very ...

Oh my God, are you okay?

Amber, is everything all right?

Something very special tonight.

Amber, you're in LA.

You're normally a New Yorker.

You know, Brooklyn Bridge.

Barclay Center.

Oh no, no, don't do that.

What's happening?

46th and 8th.

Oh God.

Tell me, is there something I don't know?

No, I'm just like, that's what New Yorkers talk about.

His New York accent is making me laugh.

Yeah.

South of Houston.

Oh God.

But you're usually in New York, but you're in LA.

You're filming a special project and you're on this TV show now, which is called...

Just Like This Room, Two and a Half Men.

What are you saying about Cody?

Oh, I wasn't counting you, actually.

So yeah, you're on Two and a Half Men this season, which is cool.

You're playing, if I had to guess, you're playing...

It has to do with tits.

Yeah, you're playing a woman.

Yes!

Got it!

No, you're playing Charlie Sheen's long lost daughter.

Is that what it is?

Yes, playing Charlie Sheen's long lost illegitimate daughter who shows up and, as it turns out, is exactly like him.

So she's a heavy alcoholic.

Yeah.

Total womanizer.

Yeah.

That's funny.

I like it.

And there's an episode tonight, which is why we're here on a Thursday.

Yes, exactly.

There is an episode.

And you've been on it for the past few weeks.

Yeah, I've been on it for the last couple months and it's been one of the most terrifying, exhilarating jobs I've ever had in my life.

Have you done sitcoms like that in front of the live studio audience?

I have not.

No, that's why.

Why terrifying compared to other stuff?

Terrifying because it just, just the very first week and now it's, you know, now it's just adrenaline and excitement.

But I do mostly dramatic stuff.

And the nomination for Joan of Arcadia, Golden Globe nomination.

Yeah.

Todd, come on.

I'm really huge.

I know.

Todd, Todd, she normally does dramatic stuff.

Stop looking at her like that.

You should be kissing ass.

You're lucky she's here.

For you.

We'll take a break.

We'll be right back.

Wait a minute.

We don't get, we just don't just take breaks.

Oh, I thought I'd, I thought we're back.

This is Ripping with Reggie.

Five minutes.

Um, so yeah, I imagine like when you do just dramatic movies and TV and the Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants, that's kind of a drama, right?

It was a drama.

It was a drama about girls who share pants.

Actually, I had an interview, uh, was with one of the interviews I was doing, uh, this guy was talking about how it was like, you get these really patronizing comments of, uh, like, Ooh, this is a huge deal for you.

You're a, you know, really branching out.

And I have to keep bringing up.

I'm like, Oh, you're right.

There is nothing funny about a girl talking to God, uh, Friday nights at eight on CBS, uh, 10 years ago.

Oh, so people are saying you're branching out in a comedy.

Yes.

And, or a bunch of girls sharing the same pair of pants.

There's nothing funny about any of that.

Is that what that movie, and I've never seen the movies, pardon me.

Um, but is that what the movies are about?

They share pants?

Yeah, we share a pair of pants.

One pair or just a ton of pairs?

One pair, dog.

I have to pee.

Oh God.

Just talking, I was talking about pants or girl's pants.

I don't know.

I've been drinking enough water.

Did this do you any want?

By the way, Todd told me, I think while you're out of the room, that he urinated on the street right before we started the show.

Normally do that, but I, I had to pee so bad.

You know, everyone knows exactly what I mean when it starts .

You think it's all right.

And then when you have to pee bad.

Yeah.

But where it gets like piercing, like not like, yeah, I guess you're right.

Yeah.

Anyway, I was trying to like, go, no, I have a little different twist on it.

I got my own Todd Bastic.

Dare you.

My peeing is different than other people's.

So I like, if I have to get in the elevator and I could come up here and the door was open, I could pee right away.

I'd make it.

But if I got in the elevator, came up here and hey, you have a key to the bathroom and there's somebody in there, I, my, my head would explode.

But now you have to pee again?

No, so I went out in front of my car in the parking lot and it was like dark in the corner and I just peed.

But I thought if anyone sees me, you know, once in a blue moon, I've done that.

Dark in the corner.

It's four in the afternoon.

It's underground.

It wasn't like the sun was, you know, there was a corner that I could go be sort of discreet.

Where is this?

It's under, I parked in the garage.

You parked in the garage in this building?

I always park in the garage.

Okay.

We don't validate that.

I know.

All right.

It's worth it sometimes.

You guys.

It's worth it just to pee in the corner of our underground garage?

You guys.

What?

I peed on a tombstone once.

What?

Is that true?

We'll be right back.

But not on it, like literally on it.

How did you pee on it?

How do you get your, were you sitting on it and you peed on it?

I think I, oh, that's what you would have to do.

Yeah.

What do you mean?

No, I don't think that's what you have to do.

I don't think I sat on it.

I think I, I think I, uh, had to lift my leg.

Oh, who's tomb is it?

Someone who's your arch enemy.

I can't, I cannot get that information.

She had someone she didn't like.

The person happened to die.

She went all the way to the thing and peed on the bucket.

Do it like the saying, I'm going to do it.

I killed him first.

And then my revenge was paying on his grave.

Yeah.

The killing.

That's just, yeah.

That's a, that's just chores.

Who'd know who's is that a story or care or that's it.

The end, the end story.

Loved it.

But, uh, uh, so anyway, watch that tonight.

I believe probably what, eight or eight 30 CBS.

I think that sounds right.

Yeah.

Thursdays.

I should know this by now.

Big bang is in there too.

It's also around there.

Yes.

You know, Todd, what do you got?

Oh, how dare you go right from some good things.

I have a show that I'm working on with comedy central and that we turned in the rough draft yesterday.

Sounds amazing.

Okay.

Now we will be right.

No, but Todd, I do want to talk about this.

I wrote a theme song for you.

I want to hear the theme song.

Okay.

So we were just in Montreal together.

We did a show together and you were talking about how at one point when you did the show that I was producing at UCB, uh, it was your birthday and I introduced you and I let everyone know that it was your birthday.

Most comedians wouldn't want you to sing happy birthday to them because you know, they don't, but Todd would love it and he wouldn't care if you interrupted him every so often and did it throughout his act.

Well, that's exactly what they did.

I told the story and every time they did it, it was so overwhelming to have like 150 strangers singing and the old UCB stage, they're wrapped around you and it just, you know, the collective voice sounds so good.

And so he went, I told him how good that felt.

He goes, well, let's make a theme song.

Yeah.

It doesn't have to be your birthday.

Let's have people sing to you any day of the year, no matter where you are.

And what was the song?

I'll do it for you right now.

It's Todd glass.

You are a very funny fellow.

You are our very favorite comedian.

And then like two days later, I'm standing outside after a show and then these three people walk up, they go, Hey, guess what?

Todd glass, you're a very funny fellow.

You are a very favorite comedian.

And then I've had people write to me on Twitter saying, what was, what was the song again?

I can't, I'm not at home.

I can't look it up, but I'm about to see Todd in an hour and I want to sing it to him.

Would it offend you if I'm, I think it's a little hard to, for the rhythm on it for me.

So maybe I should wait.

Now you want to rewrite my masterpiece.

Oh geez.

I didn't know you already did rewrite it.

No, sometimes you make some jokes that are funny.

Sometimes on occasion, there is a time when you make laughs happen.

On Wednesdays, there's a time when you're funny between 12 and four, but not after 12.

I think you might've stumbled upon something that would make me get nervous giggles.

If the theme song had three parts where they just all m umbled.

So it was like five people would be like, Todd glass, you are a funny comedian.

Hey man, you, and then it goes right back in.

And then one more mumble.

This is not what we're here to talk about.

I feel like we're confusing people.

This was so clear and people were going to say, you want people to sing this to you.

I do.

But I feel like to truthful, truthfully, I was going to back out and go, you're right.

But I think I could write, can I write one and send it into you?

You are such a fucking ingrate.

How about that?

I give you, I write a thing on my show, my show, which is more popular than your show.

It is.

I put it out.

You're right.

I, I gather the world together to sing you a song and they do.

I know.

It's not just, I say something on a show and then like one person does it.

People do sing it to you and now you want to rewrite it and write a different song.

Cause it's hard for me to sing it.

And I want to sing along with them.

It's hard for you to sing anything.

I've been writing songs for you for almost 20 years.

Do you know what?

I have a genuinely forgot how long you have been so kind and so nice.

It goes back 15 years.

Almost 20 at this point.

And I would be doing something 18 years at this point.

I first met Todd and Todd would have jingles in his act.

He would just play jingles.

And then he was like, Hey, uh, Hey, you, you, you do songs in your thing.

Come over to my house and write me some songs.

Well, you're changing.

I was very much like, I would appreciate it.

I think you're changing.

I don't know about that.

Does it sound like you would, Hey, get in my car.

What's it say about you if you came over after someone was that rude to you?

Hey, come over my house.

And I know you do songs.

So come over and do some for me.

And Scott goes, Hey, why not boys?

Hey boys.

All right.

Maybe we can meet in the middle here somewhere.

Why in the middle?

Why not?

Why not that I was incredibly appreciative.

They were great songs.

Why not more in the middle to where like, you were not that appreciative.

You just kind of like even tempered about it.

And I was like, this guy could at least say please, but you know what?

I really respect him.

So I'm going to go over there.

You guys are never going to get over this unless you kiss.

Did you see the Howard Stern and Howie Mandel?

Like they made such a big deal about that kiss.

Oh, I heard about that.

Wasn't even a big, it was like, Two Howards never kissed before?

I always get, oh, I don't, nevermind.

No, I was going to say that.

Todd crossed something off his set list.

It was my next topic.

No, whenever I was going to say, when I watch the show, America's Got Talent, sometimes I always get confused and they go and Howie or Howard.

I'm like, which, which ones, Howie, which ones Howard?

Oh, like my Joe?

Um, anyway, I feel bad that you don't like the song, but Hey, you know, I think you're taking it.

I do like it.

I just thought I could, you don't love it.

Like is the enemy of love.

I'm not, I'm gonna, I'm not going to make this be the whole theme of the show today.

I think I hurt your feelings.

I, I know you hurt my feelings.

That makes me feel worse.

Okay.

I'm sorry.

I like it.

Great.

You're so, wait, you're sorry.

You like it?

No, I'm sorry.

I do like it.

I wasn't thinking straight.

Okay.

You weren't thinking so.

I appreciate that.

I think it takes a big man.

Oh, thank you.

Thank you so much.

I thought you didn't like it.

Now you do.

Oh, wow.

Okay.

Everything's better.

Um, all right.

Let us really take a break and I'm the one who's going to say it.

Let's take a break.

When we come back, we'll have more Todd.

We'll have more Amber.

We're broing out.

It's bro out October brotober, right?

Broctober?

I like it.

Yeah.

What do you, yeah.

What do you, I mean, how would you punch it up?

If you had an opportunity over Etober over Etober over Eto ber, we're celebrating over Etober.

We'll come right back with comedy.

Bang, bang after this comedy.

Bang, bang.

We're back here with Amber Tamblyn of two and a half men and Todd glass of apparently he has a script.

Um, and apparently you don't even believe me necessarily.

Apparently you're not going to call me a liar, but you certainly not going to give it the validity of any, uh, at some point I want proof.

Yeah.

Amber, I was saying this about two and a half men the other day.

What if you know that half a man, you probably can't comment on this.

Jesus.

If I could talk, you probably can't comment on this half a man guy.

Right.

But this half a man guy doesn't want to be on the show anymore.

All right.

Move them over to two broke girls.

Call that two broke girls and half a man.

You got something there.

Wait, is that true?

He doesn't want to be on the show anymore?

Well, that's been reported that he would, he, and he talked about it.

I think he wanted to go to college.

I mean, I have no idea.

I haven't met him.

Uh, oh, he's not been on the show since you've been there.

Okay.

So that's the thing.

This half a man he's, he's, you know, a cilla Vista.

Yeah.

He's, you know, he's, he's a, he's a, he's a man now.

Yeah.

He's a man anymore.

How old is he now?

It's probably around what?

18.

Well, he's, he went to college.

He's in college now.

So on the show or just in real life.

I think that hand on the show.

Uh, no, on the show, he, um, was no, no, he was, uh, shipped, uh, not shipped.

He was in a shipping container.

No, I'm getting it wrong.

Oh God, I'm sweating.

Just keep talking and you'll kill me.

Don't stop.

Just keep saying things.

Go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go.

Okay.

The worst way to help somebody.

Don't give up.

You got it.

He's in the military in Japan.

Ah, there we go.

You know what I'm doing on my show, the supposed show that I have right now, I'm going to work everybody in an ailment that if, if look, I'm not, I'm going to be nice to everyone, but it's, this is in case they are pushy.

Oh, so like they're one step away from death.

Well, like in other words, it could be the son he's on.

I can't think of, we'll think of better things now.

Like it's like every single person has something where like , Hey, I hear your cancer's in remission.

Exactly.

But it could come back at any time.

Oh, you, you want to, you want to, you want to be, uh, you know, you want to be mean to everybody.

Guess what?

I go into the writer's room.

Guess what?

Even the dog name, I think this sounds cruel.

It's not the dog that would be a problem.

It would be the trainer.

So you get a dog and he had a hip replacement.

Make up something.

So, so at no point does you're exiting the show.

Anybody on the show can leave and it will make sense.

So don't be, what do you give yourself though?

Because you should, I mean, nothing.

I'm fine.

Well, why would I give myself anything?

Look at you.

Look at me.

I'm like, you work out every day.

Look at me with my healthy skin and my vivacious looks and his water.

Am I drinking a lot of water?

We were talking about his water and his stomach, uh, as, as , uh, during the break.

And, uh, Todd, what can you talk about this show?

You don't really care.

There's not that much to talk about.

I wish, I wish everyone could have seen your face right now .

And he, he, he, he made it look like, like I have to, I have to ask him.

It looked like you were suppressing a fart.

Can we talk about your show?

No, we don't need to.

We don't have to talk about it, but you do have something we should talk about, which is a reason I wanted to have you, which is your Netflix special.

Ooh, nice.

Came out on DVD.

Wait, I thought you said it was Netflix streaming.

No, here's what it was.

That's why I said, I want everyone to know.

I feel like there's going to be confusion with this and maybe you'll tell me this happens all the time.

Not to worry about it.

I had a Netflix special a year ago.

Now they just released it on DVD.

Is it still on Netflix?

I think so.

I know.

I think so.

It's gotta be.

There'd be, I mean, it was on.

Exactly.

So, so I don't want anyone to go out and buy this because it's a, it's a different name because my Netflix special was just called Todd Glass.

The long con.

What does that mean?

You're playing people several years down the line.

I like this.

No, no, no, no, no.

Let's get out a special.

We'll call it one thing and then a couple of years from now we'll call it something else.

Make twice the money.

Well, I don't, I think they wouldn't do, hopefully they wouldn't do that.

So it's called a Todd Glass talks about stuff, but it is my Netflix special.

Hey, maybe because people can buy it now and have it.

That's all it is.

My Netflix special is available on DVD.

That's the thing.

You can't own anything on Netflix.

You know, it's like you're renting it in your brain.

You can't own anything, man.

Thank you.

That's true.

It's a free country, man.

Let's talk about that for a second.

Like possessions.

Do we really own them?

It's freedom, man.

It's freedom.

Yeah.

But so it's, so people can go buy a DVD now, the format of the recent past.

And they can now own your, I think it's a waste of money.

I don't know.

I don't.

Do you think people should just sign up for Netflix instead ?

Watch it once.

Oh, by the way, my Netflix special, I'm very proud of.

So I'm not, I don't mean that's a waste of money.

I'll be secure enough to go.

I'm very proud of that.

I put a lot of work in general.

No, no.

Like if I was kidding, like they already have it on Netflix .

Can't they just record it from Netflix?

Look, I'm not the best at, they probably don't want me doing any more promotion for this right now.

They're going Delta.

Never to fucking talk about it.

He is the worst promoter in the world.

No, here's what I would imagine if you rent it on Netflix, but you don't, can't you record it?

Look, if I say this and people can do it, they can already do it.

Can't you just watch it on Netflix and record it?

All you have to say when you come in here is I have a DVD of my standup that just came out.

Oh, by the way, it's already been on Netflix.

You don't have like all these hoops we're jumping through.

Well, yeah.

But Todd, some people don't have a Netflix.

So that's what it's for.

Thank you, Amber.

At least she helps me out.

And also, people who I know who love comedy like collecting the comedic arts.

Yeah, they like collecting DVDs.

I like you more now than even before because you just made me feel like there is a reason you gave me a reason to say some people like to have it up on the shelf.

And guess what?

That's true.

That's why I'm so excited that the Netflix special is now available on DVD.

Can we cut out the last four minutes?

I think we're going to cut out the first half hour of the show, including what we just did.

Oh, so that's very exciting.

And you and I have a book with Simon and Schuster.

Come on now.

There's things happening.

I sold the book to Simon and Schuster.

What's this about?

It's about my life.

And you wrote the book or some other some book you found and you're releasing through an imprint.

Under a synonym.

J.K. Rowling.

It's actually a book I had three years ago, but we re- released it on hardback and we changed the name.

It's called, there's no name.

That's the one part.

Simon and Schuster has been awesome.

They really have been from my first meeting with them.

They were kind.

I was very nervous.

The name is the first thing we're butting heads with a little bit, but in the most creative way you can.

But it's definitely like, they want.

Can we weigh in?

I would.

I don't.

You know what?

I'm a little embarrassed to admit, although this is a podcast, so you have time to explain yourself.

I don't want to be like, obviously me coming out of the closet, which I hate.

Call it like busting out of the tool shed.

It's a little tougher.

For a while you called it the WTF situation.

I do, and I still do, but I'm trying to mature a little bit .

That Marc Maron thing.

The Marc Maron.

I think you called it that.

When I admitted I was Marc Maron, because that's just easier to say.

That is so funny.

But I didn't want it.

I wanted to do that.

Look, I'm not embarrassed.

I'm glad I did it.

I feel better.

I was happy before.

I feel even better now, but I don't want to go tour around with a book that's like big gay all over.

You know, like, like Todd's gay.

Like it's like, there's your title.

Big gay all over it.

Todd's big gay book.

They wanted it to be like, uh, they're just titles.

I just want, you know, the title I wanted and there's a story I'm going to tell you the title I wanted.

Tell me if you can sort of figure out from this title.

Or should you tell the story first?

I don't want to because they are in your book.

Right.

And they are right.

The people won't hear the story first.

So without knowing the story, because, and by the way, I don't, I don't, if I'm wrong, I'm wrong.

I, you know, um, there's the, I wanted it to be called, I'm going to tell you the first title and then I'm going to tell you the second one that I was happy with too.

But out of the bat, it was this.

If I could only meet a girl with cancer and other stupid things I said to try to keep the closet door shut.

Hmm.

Now, do you, can you figure out maybe that's that works for me?

I know exactly what you're talking about.

What do you think?

Excuses that you would make in order to like have a relationship.

Uh, and you, you, you sort of, yeah, absolutely.

And I'm going to guess Simon and Schuster's argument was that, uh, the subtitle of it will not be what people read.

Right.

And that the top line of it should be more like, Oh, this guy is gay.

Let's present that in the first private.

I get that because, because people are just going to read, if I could only meet a girl with cancer and they're not going to read the subtitle.

And by the way, I'm not just, I'm not just saying they've been awesome as a way to then go on to say the part where sort of, you know, just said you hated them.

No, no, no, no, no.

They were the worst.

They really, sometimes you'll say that to move past it.

They really have been not only them, but the editor, it's been like a really cool experience.

But this, you know, when I say budding heads, not in like, there's no shouting, there's no yelling, but we're like patiently trying to figure out like lovingly pressing your heads against each other's heads.

So listen to this.

I said, if cancer is the hard word, and then I said, what about if I could only meet a girl with a terminal disease, which doesn't sound good after the cancer, but it still says, but anyway, they wanted first, you wanted this, uh, uh, uh, playing it straight.

I'm like, ah, I just can't go.

I'm a comedian.

I told her and she was very cool.

I said, this might sound silly, but I have to answer to my comedian friends.

And by the way, that's millions and millions and millions and millions and millions and millions of Twitter followers and podcast people.

So it's not like I have to answer to them and they don't have an audience.

I can't have a shitty pun.

Well, that's not even really a joke too.

Like when a comedian writes a book, you generally want the title to be kind of funny.

Yeah.

And that's and playing it straight is not really.

No.

So there was that there was, um, there's another story.

So I was, so I was, I was hiding that I am a big gay goof ball.

I like that.

It implies you were hiding.

You were a goofball too.

I'm sweating.

All it takes is one thing that makes me laugh.

And you're just so through it was like, all of a sudden the sweat just appeared.

And so, so we're going, you know, the others were like one, I, you know what, even tell them, I keep saying the word, but the other one was, nah, it was, it was, I said, look, you got to Google these names because this was on every bumper sticker and mug.

I'm not gay, but my boyfriend is Sarah Silverman put it, you know, Googled it and went, no, 65 million hits.

This is someone, someone, your husband came up with that because he's subconsciously saw it somewhere else.

So now we're just trying to go back and forth and, you know , we'll see what we'll get there.

You know, but I, I, I'm sure that you, I know that you don 't want that to be the thing that people think of you, uh, think of you about, what am I trying to say?

I'm going to go into radio stations and I don't want to have to go in with like, I want it to be like a cool name that I like.

Yeah.

But also I think the, one of the reasons you're getting a book deal is you have an interesting story and that's an interesting part of your story.

So they are, they do want to focus on it in the title.

I can understand that.

I do.

I agree.

This is one of those situations too, where oftentimes you can find the title after you've written the book.

Like sometimes it could be a joke as you're writing it that 's in there or something that pops out to you.

But if they're, but they want it early, right?

So they can know we already wrote the book.

It's done.

That's what we, who's this?

Well, I wrote it.

Here's what I did because I've never read a book and I never graduated from high school.

But when I, when I tell you I had a ghostwriter, I mean, every word in that book is for me.

You just, they dictated it or you, uh, we worked together and I would leave voice memos and then we would get together a lot.

And then I also had a comedian friend of mine, Daniel Kino, help me along with the ghost writer.

So it took a lot of people, but it's my word, but we're already done the book.

The other title I thought, which is a story in the book was , so I'm peeing next to my girlfriend at the urinal and other lies I told to, which is a story about how you would never get caught on stage.

I said, I never got caught on stage saying girlfriend because you know, it doesn't matter.

It's all the same.

I go, unless, you know, I would get caught if I went, you know, is it the airport and I'm peeing next to my girlfriend at the urinal?

You were what?

And I'm like, oh shit, you can't switch the sex on that story.

Is that something you would do is you would switch the sex?

Well, people, people thought that I had, uh, made up stories, which I, it's the only thing I wanted to get every person that thought that went, oh no, no, no.

The stories are, the emotional truth of the stories is real .

Just the gender.

Yeah.

So anyway, there's that and back to other stuff.

So tell me about gay sex.

Boom.

God.

What's it like?

It's gross.

It is right?

No, I don't.

I don't want anyone to think that there could be a young person listening to your show.

I don't want any young people listening to the show.

You're right.

No young people.

None.

No, Todd, you know, I respect you.

I think it's a great thing that you did, but, uh, I mainly know you as one of America's great comics.

Thank you.

And, uh, uh, that's what I like to focus on with you because, uh, your personal life is your personal life.

I love that you're, you're out there talking about it and you're writing this book, which may help some people.

I will say this though.

You know, I know you're not saying that.

You could, like most comedians could give a shit, but you know, when people say like when they go, uh, what do teachers have to say the gay for them?

The personal life is the personal life.

That's someone that's not okay with people being gay because it comes up.

It comes up in other ways as opposed to, I can't tell you how many times I had a straight teacher say my wife, whatever.

Right.

What? You're just not supposed to ever say anything about your personal life?

Yeah.

What do you, you don't have the straight teachers up in this one of the class talking about now it's if they have a Christmas party, it's, you know, stuff like that.

Not even that.

I mean like teachers use analogies from their life all the time and say, you know, like, and they talk about their family and stuff in order to illustrate points.

It's, that's ridiculous.

Now you should not be allowed to do it.

Thank you.

But I think that, uh, So I'm going to be on two and a half men.

Yeah. And here's the thing, can't you get him on two and a half men, please?

He was on home improvement.

He played Tim Tool Time, Taylor's dad, right?

Thank you. Yes.

That was great.

You were great in that.

You'd like had a cigarette, right?

No.

Oh, yeah.

Maybe I'm confusing the, Todd, have you ever done a sitcom?

I haven't.

I mean, not regularly.

I mean, little guest parts.

Yeah.

You know, I don't want every one of my stories to be two hours long.

You go home, you go to the town of Glenner starts talking, but I figured out my problem.

I'm sweating up a storm.

I'll make the, see how long, if I can get this story down to a minute and a half.

Okay.

Here we go.

And go.

When I did an episode of Louie, when we were going home afterwards, uh, I told him, I said, you know, what do I have to hide?

I said, Louie, you know, I figured out my problem today.

It's when they block, I get a line in my head when they start blocking.

Maybe it's because of my dyslexia or whatever.

I don't know.

Everything falls out of my head.

And if they have to give me two directions, like, oh, you know, usually you're two feet from the person will cheat a little, you know, cheating.

I get all nervous.

And I, if I have to walk, I can't, he goes, you know what?

He goes, I probably shouldn't tell you this, but I think this will explain a lot.

He goes, remember when you came in for my first show on HBO , he goes, we looked at you after we had already had every, had picked, but we brought you in.

Cause we were like, Hey, we should bring Todd in.

You came in, you read, and we all looked at each other when you left the room and you went that, are we all thinking the same thing?

That's it.

You had it.

Like we all looked at each other like he was great.

And then the president of HBO at the time, what was, uh, um , Chris, uh, Chris Albrecht.

And I, I give him credit for this.

No, I really do.

He goes, bring him back in and ask him if he can walk around doing the scene.

Well, first of all, he, right away, I should've just said, look, why don't I just fucking go home?

Because he's right.

He got, you got me.

Cause no matter what I would go in and read for, like sometimes it's, it's 50 50.

You can stand, but you can sit, but for me, whatever it was , okay, you're a cop.

You're chasing this person down the street.

Okay.

I'll sit down and do it.

So I would always sit down and auditions.

So the minute Chris Albrecht asked me to walk around, I was fucked.

I went back in and it blew.

He was right.

He must've figured it out.

How did he know that about you?

He maybe he just noticed I sat for like a lot of the thing I never, cause then I could think, but now if it's my own words, I'm fine.

Right, right, right.

If it's my own words, I'm fine.

You were just on my show.

You're fantastic.

The episode has not aired yet.

You're I believe episode 16, which is coming up in four weeks.

Very hard.

I got in the car after that and I was sweating and nervous and you're great.

You're great.

But I mean, I had to fake fall.

My back started to sweat cause I couldn't fake fall.

Right.

You were great.

You were fantastic.

You did say you came in and you were like, Hey, can I change this to my own words?

And then nothing you said makes it made any sense, but it was still good, but it's great.

No, no, no.

It was great.

We expected you to change it to your own words and you made it your own and it's fantastic.

I think, uh, you know, you shouldn't feel so bad about your act and you did walk in and what we were asking you to do is a little tough.

You had to walk in and then trip and then fall on a big bag of shit with a monologue.

Well, no, the monologue, the monologue part he'd already done.

And then the next line is like, Hey, Mr.

Ackerman, I had, and then he trips and I would forget the words.

I never can talk.

I just have to sit there.

We do have to do about 20 takes of you just saying, Hey, Mr .

Ackerman and then tripping.

Yeah, but it was good.

We got it.

You were patient.

I don't care.

By the way, just if it's my own work, then I could act.

I'm proud of that.

I at least that.

So I'm okay.

Is this the script you wrote?

If I get my own show.

What?

For my show in Comedy Central?

Your own, your own work?

Yeah, that's my own words that I can do good at.

Are you going to just sit in your own show?

No, if it's my own.

Well, that's why I had a show where I was in a coma because , No, honestly, it's my show.

It's so great that I just get to sit the entire show practically.

I mean, we do episodes obviously where I'm running around a little bit, but yeah, just the just mere act of just being able to act sitting down is so much better.

It's easy.

It is.

It's so easy.

And it is one of those things when you go into auditions and Amber, you probably haven't experienced an audition in, you know, 10 years because you 're offer only now.

That's not true.

But they normally do say, yeah, go ahead and have a seat no matter what you want to be doing in the scene or anything.

Just go, yeah, go ahead and have a seat and do the thing.

Not in my experience.

Really?

They make you stand or what are they, do you have to jump around the room?

What do you do?

You know better than me.

Uh, I mean, it, it just, uh, it just really depends on what you're doing.

It's definitely good policy though, to be off page, like completely off page and to definitely move around the room.

And if they give you, they're, they're trying to trap you when they ask, uh, you want to sit or stand?

Really?

That's a trap.

Why do they want to trap you?

Uh, that's just my own thought.

I think by the way, maybe the Chris Albrecht mixed with what you're saying, maybe trap or that's a maybe funny way.

That's a maybe funny way, maybe they are trying to figure something out.

They want you to, maybe there is truth to that.

If they truly are trying to trap you, they should, the minute you go, okay, I'll sit down.

They should go, all right, thanks very much.

It's just a way to weed you out.

Well, if it's a sitting down scene, maybe it does make sense.

That would be like a great, uh, game show.

And now you have to figure out whether you want to sit or stand.

And that's all it is.

I, uh, I, I find what I don't like about auditions is I'm like a prop actor.

I like props in my hand and I like, I'm constantly, I like to be doing stuff while I act, you know?

Uh, and you never have anything when you walk in there, you just have a script.

And so all you really have to do is just sit there and stare at the other person, which that's a lot of people's acting style is just like looking at the person while you talk.

But I'm, I'm more of a guy who would be like doing something while I'm talking.

Just hold the air.

The air.

I'm not a mimist.

I used to bring a pencil and bite it if I, you know, like something I might do anyway if I was on the phone, just some business, what do they call it?

Stage business, stage business, pencil biting, Todd glass, some of the things I had that was a pencil or pen acting tricks.

You see that guy with a pencil just came in here again.

What am I giving tricks for?

I admit I can't act.

Now I'm handing out tips to someone that's a legitimate actor.

I'm like, well, listen, what I would do, I would bite a pencil.

All right.

We have to speaking of biting a pencil, we want you to bite a pencil during the next break.

We will be right back.

You are a mess.

Unprofessional.

I can't, I talk all day, every day.

I can't do it.

I know.

Coming right back.

Comedy bang bang, which is this show, Amber Tamblyn, Todd glass.

We'll be right back after this comedy.

Bippity.

Comedy bang bang.

We're back with Amber.

We're back with Todd.

And this is a total bro out session of the show.

Why do you keep?

Jinx one, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, ten.

Shh.

Don't talk.

All right, Todd, you can't talk.

She jinxed you.

This is killing him.

He's literally a foot from a microphone.

You can't talk into it.

Never seen a person.

Tell us more about how you hate Simon and Schuster.

No, unjinx him, please.

Unjinxed.

All right.

Thank you.

We're having a bro out session because that's what we do.

That's what we do here.

You know, we sit here and we just like rap about feelings and stuff like that.

Over-Etober.

And it's time to play a little something on the show.

One of our favorite features on the show.

It's time to play a little something we call Would You Rather.

Ladies and gentlemen, you're listening to Comedy Bang Bang.

Aren't you loving it?

December 5th, 1961.

Scott Ockerman was born.

What?

Come on.

I mean 1978 on a small city outside of...

When at the age of five, his father made him do stand-up comedy.

What a jerk.

I was hoping you would take the role again.

How long does this music go?

I thought I was squeezing in it just before the voice came in for real, but is it just betting music?

Can I have this music for my show?

Jesus, you were never satisfied.

You're probably going to take it then want to rewrite it.

This is my thing.

I feel like Richard Simmons when he gets all offended.

How dare you?

All right, it's time to play Would You Rather.

We all know how this is played.

People send me Would You Rather scenarios to our Twitter, which is at C-B-B-W-Y-R.

Comedy Bang Bang Would You Rather.

Don't send them to me personally.

They'll get put on the Would You Rather pile, which is not a pile of usable Would You Rathers like a wood pile.

It is a Would You Rather pile.

It is a pile of discarded Would You Rather scenarios.

Can you repeat all that?

Sure.

All right, it's time to play Would You Rather.

We all know how this is played.

People send me Would You Rather scenarios to our Twitter, which is at C-B-B-W-Y-R.

Comedy Bang Bang Would You Rather.

Do not send them to my Twitter handle because they'll be put on the Would You Rather pile, which is not like a wood pile, which is a pile of wood that you would use in a fireplace.

It is a pile of discarded Would You Rather scenarios.

Send them to Comedy Bang Bang Would You Rather.

I will read them out loud.

I'll read out the question.

All right.

I will then open the floor for questions.

All right, you're free to ask me any question you like about either of the scenarios in order to narrow down your choice because there's a lot more information that I have personally.

This is stressing me out so hard.

Hurry up.

All right, great.

Go.

I get stressed out too.

So you ask me anything you want in order to help narrow down your choice.

At a certain point, I'll close the floor.

You can ask no more questions.

All right, you'll vote.

We'll tally up the points and we'll see who wins.

All right, it's that simple.

This comes to us from Quado Fever.

Quado Fever asks, Would you rather have bones that perpetually emit the spin doctor's three princes if ever broken?

Or have psychic TV and movie spoiler orgasms?

All right.

Explain the first one.

That was a command.

It was not a question.

So you are, I haven't opened the floor for questions, so you're okay.

Oh, I thought you needed to understand it before you even asked.

Time.

You're out of order.

I'll repeat.

Mr. Glass, you're out of order.

Time.

I'll repeat it.

I thought you needed to understand it before you could ask questions.

You can ask me questions.

I'll repeat it so you can kind of get it in your head.

Would you rather have bones that perpetually emit the spin doctor's three princes if you ever break them?

I don't know what spin doctor is.

I'm not trying to be like...

Oh, you don't know the spin doctor is?

Make that your first question then.

Who are the spin doctors?

That has to count as a question?

Sure.

Why not?

You're free to ask any question you like.

That was a second question.

Okay, you're right.

I'm sorry.

Time.

I have to dock your points.

I really did.

But are you just trying to be cutesy or does it like, does that really count as a question?

It seems like you would have to understand.

That was also a question.

That was a question to Adam.

And how dare you think I'm being cutesy?

Bone of Isaac was coming out of my mouth.

I was like...

I'm docking you three points.

All right.

You've asked three unauthorized questions.

All right.

But make that your first question.

Who are the spin doctors?

I'd be...

I don't even have to say who are they.

I need to go, what are they?

That's why I didn't think.

Okay.

So would you rather have bones that perpetually emit the spin doctor's three princes if ever broken or have psychic TV and movie spoiler orgasms?

Oh, the latter.

Do you understand both?

You're...

Absolutely.

Wait a minute.

Did you just vote early?

Yeah.

Why can't I?

I understood both questions.

I clearly explained the rules.

I open the floor for questions.

You ask me any question you like.

I close the floor for questions.

You then vote.

Did I not say that?

Did you say that?

You just asked another question.

That was my first question.

And I have not opened the floor for questions.

Okay.

You voted early.

Time.

That is negative 1,346,878.

And then you asked an unauthorized question.

That's one point.

So now you are negative 1,346,879.

Todd, you're negative three.

Thank you.

I'm opening the floor for questions.

God, I know you got one.

Can I, can I choose an answer?

No, you, you know, you can't.

I said it twice.

That was my question.

Good question.

No, you can't.

Can I make a statement that won't cost me anything?

I've never said in any of these rules that people are not allowed to make statements.

What do you think I am?

Okay.

I really wanted to play this.

Like the first time I was confused, the second time I got it makes me sweat a little, but I got into it.

I really get into it because you're like, you know, I have never played this game or heard you play it with other people where I didn't understand either question.

Okay.

I'll explain them to you.

It seems like I need so many questions just to understand.

These are a little hard to understand.

Usually it's like, would you rather have, would you rather have your bones smell like cat shit or, you know, every time you laughed or would you rather every time you cried, you cried spaghetti sauce.

And then I understand that.

I'm adding those to this scenario.

Okay.

All right.

So would you rather have bones that perpetually emit the spin doctors three princes if ever broken or have psychic TV and movie spoiler orgasms or have bones that smell like cat shit if you ever laugh or if you ever cry, you cry spaghetti question.

Yes.

Would it hurt if the bones broke?

Bones breaking hurts exactly the same as bones normally do when they're breaking.

The only, the only difference is that from then on the bone transmits the song three princes by the spin doctors over and over on a continuous loop.

That's a, if you go ahead now, that's how it goes.

Oh, it's a mashup.

All of a sudden.

I love it.

And now the Skrillex version.

Yeah.

Blah, blah, blah.

Comedy Bang Bang 2013.

You're listening to Comedy Bang Bang.

Hey, why don't you turn it off sometime?

We know.

Um, would you, when you cry the spaghetti, when you cried, uh, would it taste good?

It tastes, uh, like it's a little al dente for your taste.

You know what mine is?

Interesting.

Yeah.

So it's never quite satisfying for you.

Can I explain the other one?

Yes.

Psychic TV and movie spoiler orgasms.

Okay. When you have an orgasm, you then psychically broadcast into your brain.

Something in one of your TV shows or a movie you want to see is spoiled for you.

Oh, okay.

Now I understand it.

Why could you could, okay.

You did it.

I'm the phrasing.

They have to do this on Twitter.

It has to be 140 characters or I know, but I've never, but you both understood what that meant.

That's amazing to me.

It's a mouthful, which is why I clarified it.

So now I understand the first one.

Every time you have an orgasm, it's going to ruin a favorite movie or TV show.

Yes.

And the other one, if you ever break a bone, it hurts, it's painful.

You can reset it, but from then on until the day you die, it will emit like a tiny transmitter.

The song three princes by the spin doctors, which goes a little something like this.

Or if you are ever happy.

What is it?

If you're ever happy, can we get rid of that?

Cause I just, these two are hard enough.

No, I'm keeping it.

So if you're ever happy, your bones smell like cat shit.

If you laugh, laugh, laugh, laugh, laugh.

If you ever laugh, can I choose the ladder?

It's a good question.

Please don't.

Right.

See how I just did that to you.

And do you mean the ladder by the crying spaghetti?

Yeah.

It's al dente.

You don't want to shoot.

I'm hungry.

What would be the positive about anytime you're crying?

You're hungry.

Okay.

Crying and being hungry are usually mutually exclusive.

I'm an emotional eater.

Oh, you have to pick one.

That's true.

That is a good point.

So you're crying about, so you're crying about something sad in your life.

Ostensibly you and David are getting divorced.

And I did sleep with Todd.

We have, we have admitted that.

You're crying.

So you're like, Oh wow, this is a little al dente for my taste, but at least, you know, I don't have to go out and get some Ben and Jerry's.

But at least it's got the right herbs.

Uh huh.

Not bad.

Don't vote yet.

Todd, you have a question?

Well, I was trying to think of what the plus side of having your bones smell like cat shit.

Well, you're laughing a lot.

You have a wonderful life where you're laughing.

Can you wear cologne that covers up the smell of the shit?

Honestly, Todd, let's think about this.

You are, you are allowed to carry a cat litter box with you and blame it on that.

Oh, I guess we're taking the, uh, broken bones out of the scenario, right?

Well, not in the first one and the spin doctor's one that's still on the table.

How often are you really going to like break a bone?

That's what I mean.

How many times have you broken a bone Amber?

That's what we need to think about.

We need to think about that.

Have you ever broken a bone?

I did.

I broke my collarbone.

Oh, and what, how old were you in that happened?

I was 15, 15.

So from 15 on then spin doctors would have been playing just from your collarbone.

I broke my foot famously on tour last year and famous to anyone who listens to the show.

And, uh, so it would be playing from the bottom of my foot.

Now I've never broken a bone.

Really?

See, maybe this is your choice then.

Although you're getting, when you get up there, you're going to break your hip bone.

I stretch every day.

You don't, you never think you're going to break anything.

Well, I hope I don't.

I don't want to be a Dick about it.

Do you have, do you have like one of those showers where you can easily step out or do you have to step over a bathtub?

I got that.

No.

So maybe this is for you.

Maybe this is the one.

Well, I don't, I don't see what could be bad about that because even if I did break a bone and it made that sound, who cares?

It would give you a good five minutes of the tail.

Wait, I thought on a loop on a loop, my friend for the rest of your life.

For the rest of your life.

Oh no, that would kill me.

Okay.

Now I'm starting to figure this game out.

Okay.

So I don't want that.

I know I don't.

Well, let's see what my options are.

Okay.

So you got the bones playing spin doctors.

You got the orgasms that spoil something.

Well, that's first of all, I'm already there.

Cause because one is one would ruin your favorite show.

One, you would take a knife and kill yourself if that's any song, even if it was your favorite song in the world.

Right.

Or the, anytime you laugh, your bones smell like cat shit.

Well, that one, forget it.

That was, I wish we didn't even come up with those.

Well look, crying spaghetti.

How could it?

No, that's horrible.

It's coming out of your eyeballs too.

So it's really painful.

Yeah, where's it come out?

Oh, it comes out of your, your tear ducts.

Is it sauce or just spaghetti?

It's a little like, do you ever like swallow?

I once swallowed a shrimp.

I was eating some pasta with shrimp in it and I laughed all of a sudden I was at a meal where someone made me laugh and it came out my nose.

So it's a lot like that.

Hot.

It feels like that.

Hot.

Really?

You like that?

Hot.

Okay.

It's a rivulet of a noodle.

Yes.

What's that mean?

Well, you know, rivulet.

Is that how you say it?

Yeah, yeah.

It just, uh, like a tear comes like this.

It's almost like it would be a noodle.

A noodle.

And is there sauce with it?

Yeah, the sauce would come off of that.

How do you know?

Wait, wait, wait.

You're not allowed to answer these questions.

You look like you know all the answers.

I believe you.

You can't, you are allowed to.

Can I pick the latter?

You are, please don't yet.

You are allowed to pre-program whatever sauce you want before you start crying.

Yes.

There's an app for it on your phone.

If you know you're about to start crying, you can say, you know what?

I feel like Alfredo and you can answer that in.

Do you like pink sauce?

Love pink sauce.

Me too.

Yeah, it's my favorite.

Only a year ago I started to love it.

Yeah.

It is so.

Is that about when the WTF situation started?

We'll be right back.

So, so great, so simple, so obvious, but also so brilliant.

Is that when you started to like pink sauce?

I closed the floor for questions.

Shut the fuck up.

I told you there'd be no warning.

I told you, I warned you.

You have to vote based on your information now.

I know already.

I hope you got your information.

This is an easy one.

Todd will go to you.

How do you like to vote?

Ooh, I'm not ready.

All right.

I'll go to Andrew.

No, no, I'm ready.

No, no.

Sorry.

You're not ready.

Amber, what do you got?

By the way, can I interrupt the?

You're like one of those guys who like, when a waiter comes by the table, you're like, yeah, let's order.

Ooh, I'm not ready.

Go ahead.

If I'm starved and I'm not ready, but I want to get it going.

I won't push everyone crazy, but if they go, if you're ready, we're ready.

You just order something, then let the seven other people order.

And then you go, are you going to kill me if my switch mine ?

When you knew right from the top, you weren't going to.

Oh, that's good.

It's a good little trick.

At least he gets the food coming.

Yeah.

I like that.

So anyway.

I love your tricks.

You also, one of the tricks that I think about a lot is the pretend you're on an airplane.

I love that.

Great title for your book.

Todd's tricks.

Todd tricks.

Or pretend you're on an airplane.

To try to make pretend anything in life is better.

You may pretend you're on an airplane.

It's like, if you have a really small bedroom, you're like pretending it's on an airplane.

And you'd be like, shut the fuck up.

Wow.

No, it's like a regular bedroom with a full-size bed.

You got to fucking see it.

I love it.

Okay.

So Amber, how do you like to vote?

Wait, did you vote?

No, he's, well, he's going to vote and then when it comes back around to him.

No, I will vote.

Do you want me to go?

Yeah.

And I'll give you the opportunity to change it after.

No, I won't.

I swear.

I, oh, it seems just hands down that it would have to be the, um, you know, every time I orgasm, I would ruin a show.

I mean, I don't really.

What shows do you watch?

I, a Family Guy, but they're good.

They can't really ruin them.

Yeah.

There's no spoilers.

There's no, there's no.

And Breaking Bad.

What about Breaking Bad?

The last episode just happened a few weeks back where, uh, by the way, spoiler alert.

Yeah.

Walter kills Skylar at the end.

I don't, I don't, uh, I know it's a great show.

I'm embarrassed that I don't want to.

And sends her up into the sky, which is why they tied it.

I thought that was brilliant.

Vince Gilligan was like, you know what?

At the end of the show, Walter White is going to kill her.

She's going to go up in the sky and where White?

Up in a cloud that is also, that is also white.

Yeah.

It's brilliant.

This guy is next level.

Unbelievable.

So, so yeah, there's not a lot of shows.

I mean, I do watch shows and reruns and stuff.

I'm not trying to act like one of those people.

I don't watch TV.

I watch a lot of TV, but I flip around a lot.

So what about movies?

You ever like, Oh man, I got to see that movie.

I don't know what the problem is, but I don't like being like things.

No, I do.

I do.

You have such a rich life all the time.

I like hanging out with my friends.

I love, and I do watch a lot of television, but I flip movies.

I don't know what it is.

It's hard for me to follow movies.

You ever watch like a, you know, a house hunters or some show on a home improvement thing?

And you're like, Ooh, I wonder how that house turns out.

Well, anytime you have an orgasm, you would know already.

So you would never do the same thing every time.

You know what I mean?

Oh, we're going to put in a shitty pond and put the granite countertops in the kitchen and who gives a shit every time they redo one of those homes, it's the same shit.

Every time you to host a home improvement show, we're going to put in a shitty pond.

They have a formula and after a while you see it.

That's why you can't watch one person.

I'm like, what am I?

Big gay goofball.

So I want to say every time.

You have the, every time the orgasms.

Every time I had an orgasm, because if I really wanted to watch a show and I didn't want to know the end, I just wouldn't have an orgasm until I saw the...

What's the longest you've gone between having an orgasm?

Would you say in your life?

That's a personal question, which I don't mind.

I don't usually talk about every, pretty much maybe I would say six days a week.

Wait, but the longest span...

Not with another person always.

Sure, but the longest span in between having one.

Oh.

Like how's it, what's the longest you've gone without having an orgasm?

Maybe a week.

What happened that week?

You were at camp?

Maybe I was at my parents' house and it just doesn't really feel right.

I mean, you were alone.

You had your own bedroom, but it just didn't feel right.

You know, you're still, you know, you're still...

Yeah, you're in their house, their rules.

I get it.

You know what I mean?

I could, but technically...

So you may be in that situation again, if there's ever like a TV show or a movie coming up, you're like, man, I want to see that.

But I know, I know if I have an orgasm, it's going to ruin it.

This was the best one because it's hands down, nothing could go bad.

All right, fantastic.

Amber, how do you like to vote?

I'm going to, I'm going to choose the same, but for a completely different reason.

What?

Unprecedented.

For a completely different reason, because I think it would be awesome during climax to yell out stuff like, I told you he was the killer!

Just whatever.

So you're spoiling it for other people too?

Yeah, yeah.

You're a monster!

They call me the bed spoiler.

Well, they wouldn't even know.

Well, yeah, it has two meanings.

Just like, oh, Claire Danes is great!

Wait, that's a spoiler?

Did you yell it out as you're coming?

I mean, she does.

She does.

That would be my thing.

You could wait till afterwards.

And then, and you're watching it.

You're like, by the way, by the way, I know where this goes .

I see all these shows.

This is, and then they go, how the fuck do you know that?

You go, cause you see it.

It's it's it's...

When I have an orgasm, you see it.

No, you don't say it's cause you had an orgasm.

You just act like you have intuition.

Oh, yeah.

Intuition that's not brought on by any secret power.

So you're like, you're like, hey, I know we're watching the first episode of House of Cards, but in the final episode, in episode 13, you find out he actually is living literally in a house of cards.

Like the walls are literally made of cards.

Spoiler alert.

I'm sorry for anyone who's not.

That's not true, right?

No, that's true.

Oh, is that true?

Yeah, that's the end of it.

That's the final episode.

You like, he, he knocks a hole in his wall because he thinks there's treasure in the wall.

And he realizes it's all cards.

He peels back the stucco.

It's all like literally cards.

Crazy.

Yeah, it's crazy.

Mind blowing.

It's crazy.

So that's the kind of thing that you would tell people.

Yeah.

Interesting.

Well, so you both voted, uh, Ahh, TVS Mates is cancelled.

Ugh.

It's not a spoiler.

I guess it's a spoiler of like, you have inside info that Well, if that, if I am orgasming and knowing the end of something, then that might be a spoiler.

You think that that a show being canceled is a spoiler?

Yeah.

There's no more episodes.

I know it's a spoiler to the audience.

Mine would be like, judge Judy's mean to the person with the dog.

That's what you would say.

By the way, don't ever tell judge Judy you want to sue for a pain and suffering.

Anyone, I can't believe anyone does it anymore because God forbid you tell her you want to sue for pain and suffering.

I know it.

I see it coming out of her mouth.

They go and I, and she goes, why do you want to sue for pain and suffering?

They who's pays for my pain and suffering.

All right.

I thought I was in court.

I didn't know you.

I don't know who pays for yours.

I'm dealing with it with this person I'm suing.

I don't know why you're angry at me because who brings on your pain and suffering?

Talk to them.

Is it your kids?

Your husband?

Why?

Why am I responsible?

Well, let's tally up the points, guys.

Could you really be honest?

Keep points.

I didn't.

I see it because I see a scribbling around over there.

Okay.

So you each voted for the correct answer.

So congratulations.

So you each get one point for your correct answer.

Todd, that takes you to negative two.

Amber, that's, I think you would have voted for something different because then maybe you would have had a chance to come back, but you just get one point.

So you are at negative 1,346,878.

Todd, you're our winner.

Just blow out here.

Is there music?

Yeah.

Well, there will be because that's how we play Would You Rather.

Oh, I like it.

Yeah.

This week's winner is Todd Glass.

He grew up in Paoli, went to Conestoga High School, but didn't graduate.

Next week on Comedy Bang Bang.

I love this music.

I'm going to make this my ringtone and let it ring for a long time wherever I'm at.

You should be able to, you should be allowed, you know how cell phones, they cut off after four rings and go to voicemail or something.

You should be allowed to have it ring as many times as you want before it goes to voicemail.

Don't you think?

I agree.

There's probably a way.

Although why would you want to do that?

Because you don't want voicemails.

Oh.

You want to deter people from.

And you want to really find someone who's tenacious about it and like, I want to leave this voicemail.

Yeah.

It's really important.

I bet it would drive people crazy who knew that, oh, on the 16th ring, who just want to leave a voicemail, they're like, God, I got to wait 16 rings.

Yeah.

Remember?

I've been doing this thing in the morning.

You know, when you have a call, you have to return and you put it off.

It could be a family member, but it weighs on you more than you think, even if it's not that big of a deal.

Like I had this thing I had to figure out and there's like three calls I have every day.

And today I just decided to get up, dial the number and deal with it.

And then the rest of your day is lighter.

Because, you know, it takes, if you don't do it, it takes about three hours.

Of your, of the beginning of your day.

You're thinking about it.

If you write away three minutes, you're done.

It could be so something so stupid.

Yeah.

I have a lot of friends that hate talking on the phone.

I love it.

I still love it.

Depends who it is.

I, with certain people, I can sit on the phone forever and talk.

I've never liked it that much.

In fact, when my wife and I started dating, I gave her a hard and fast rule because she because she was young and she liked to talk on the phone with people.

I was like, five minutes.

That's it with me.

I was just like, we're not going to talk any longer than that.

And she's like, okay.

And she's stuck to it.

I don't, I just don't like talking on the phone.

I prefer the in-person, you know, on a podcast.

I was like, if you have a podcast, I'll come and talk to you on that.

Which is why she started Who Charted.

When, uh, I've done two episodes.

The only time we've ever talked.

When David and I were very, very first dating, I called him and before he could even get a word in edgewise, I wanted to let him know that I did the responsible thing that everyone should do.

If you're suddenly finding yourself in a monogamous relationship with somebody and that is get tested.

And I let him know that, um, I was tested and, uh, just wanted to talk to him about one of the results that came back.

And I felt like it was my duty to share it with him and just, you know, and to let him know.

And, um, you know, we could talk about how to go forward and what to do from there.

And, um, I just wanted to know that I did come back, uh, tested positive for being super into you.

Oh dear.

And then there was a long silence and I was like, hello?

And he said, I love you.

Oh my God.

And then I screwed Todd Glass.

Wow.

We told him that she got on that bus to surprise him.

Yeah.

So stupid.

That's the twist.

That's the end of the podcast twist.

He's the stupidest comedian out there.

Isn't he?

Yes.

Tell me, tell me about your life with David.

Oh, I just did.

Tell me about everything.

I'd love to hear about it.

Well, he's bald.

Yeah.

How do you like that?

You ever, did you ever see yourself marrying a bald man?

Um, I, I, you know, what's really funny.

My mom recently told me, she's like, do you know when you were a kid, you came home from a school one day and you told me that you were going to, uh , one day grow up and marry a Jewish boy.

Really?

Is he Jewish?

Yeah.

I mean, I mean, he's Jewish.

I mean, by bird.

Yeah.

You know, I don't, I'll be honest.

I don't know if this is, it's like when you're younger and you see someone wearing something, sometimes you're like, oh, I want to get those shoes.

Like that kid.

He's cool.

I found myself, at least I can admit this.

I thought Dave had like, I liked his style and I found myself, I didn't realize that my friend, that is top one most insane fucking thing I have ever heard.

He had these cool boots, super chunk t-shirt.

I bought those for you.

Like you like those like cholo white socks on the middle of his ankles and it's open flannel shirt that says I love to fart.

No, no, no.

Maybe glasses, maybe nose, maybe beard and the couple hairs on the side of his head and his ears.

Maybe it was the few things you bought him, what he was wearing on stage.

You had like cool boots.

So you bought them.

So you have style, right?

And then he had these and I thought, oh, and then my friend Dana goes, are you starting the dress?

Like Dave, I'm like, oh my God, I think subconsciously I might be, but he like wore cool shirts on stage.

And then he had these cool shoes and I was like, and then I started buying.

So he dressed up for the stage.

Well, he had a look, he had a look and I thought it worked, but now I have, you know, my own look.

Yeah.

What do you call what it is you get comfortable wearing something on stage?

Notice we're actually wearing the same shirt.

Oh my gosh, you are.

Todd and Amber are both wearing black blouses.

And yours is definitely a woman's.

It's thinner and it's very more.

It's a little sheer is what you're trying to say.

I'm thinner, thank you.

It's weird to tell a woman that her shirt is sheer without sounding like.

Is it sheer?

It's slightly, I mean, I don't, well, I mean, when you pull it out like that, no, it's not because it's more.

I love sheer.

You know what that can't, can you turn back time?

Oh man.

Come on.

I buy these puns.

I love sheer.

Can you turn back time?

I forget the song.

It's something like that, isn't it?

It's not successful as a pun.

It's not successful as a reference.

Jesus.

I love you, Todd.

I love you too.

Todd, you're one of my oldest friends in comedy.

Thank you.

Sad I have to put that clarifier on it.

In comedy.

I got to go do my podcast now.

It's not an easy life.

And I've never done that show.

And no matter how many times you ask me.

Well, first of all, don't even, don't even, don't even like that.

You know, like I have a great sense of humor.

Don't even joke about that.

Cause you know what I said to you when I first started it.

You said you wanted me on.

I said, I love podcasts.

And then the calls dried up.

I love doing them, but I would totally understand if you felt like you have a podcast.

You, you, you, you, what are you going to do?

So I said, you have an anytime you want to do it, you can do it, but I don't want to bother you with it.

By the way, now I got to come to you.

No, you can just any look, would you rather me, you know what you motherfucker, you want me to start calling you every week.

Hey, can you do my podcast?

I'd love it.

I would love to do your show.

Well then, but you don't remember me telling you that?

I don't know.

Maybe I tell people that and they think that's me, my way of blowing them off.

Yeah, maybe your way.

But I swear to you, it's not.

It was like there were a few people, especially if they had me on, Oh, I'll tell you who else I did it.

The Sklar brothers had me on theirs.

And when I first started mine, I said, listen, you guys had me on, if you ever, I would love you to do it, but you know what?

It might be in two months.

You might call me next week and go, I'm in town.

It might be a year.

Whenever it is, you have an open door.

I just don't want to bother you with it.

Okay.

So you have a popular podcast.

The difference is when you call people, I feel like, Oh, that's great.

Me, you know, not, it's just, I would love to do, I want to , I want to hang out with you.

Can you do it next Tuesday?

Ooh, I am going on tour.

So how about Wednesday?

Oh God, that is rough.

I'll do it Thursday.

Thursday is my day.

Okay.

Now I feel like I'm making it difficult.

We'll wait till after the new year and then we'll just do it anytime you want.

Anytime you want.

But when you say new year, you mean 2015, right?

Of course.

Really making it easy.

Everybody gets everybody.

I'm afraid to ask.

Cause like, like I don't want to them when people see me out at night to go, Oh, like I want everyone to go, why don't you have this person?

I go, you know what, when they want to do it, they'll call me, but maybe it's not right.

I should have called you.

You're right.

I just don't know when you do.

This is a lot of talking about.

Right, right.

We can talk about it off the air.

Yeah.

Is anyone interested in this?

No, no, I'm sorry.

And I take responsibility for that.

Would you have Amber on your show?

Of course.

Anybody I like anybody who's got a good sense of...

She's on a popular show.

Well, that's the other reason.

So boost your numbers up.

I'll bring it in.

I'll bring it all kinds of sponsorship.

No, I don't.

Shut the fuck up.

You do me.

She says she's dozen, but she has the voice of an angel.

Wait the fuck?

Do you realize what you...

I don't think you understand what just happened.

You said you don't sing, but it sounds beautiful.

I don't sing.

I don't know what you're talking about.

Amber, you don't even hear what's happening right now?

What's going on you guys?

This is freaky.

Did you do musicals ever?

No.

No, your dad though.

My dad did.

West Side Story.

That's right.

He's riffing West Side Story.

That's right.

The movie.

Yeah.

Is your dad still around?

Yeah, he's around.

Great actor.

I love him.

Probably smoking pot in Venice as we speak.

Why the hell can't my mom smoke pot and live in Venice?

Let's get them together.

Can I get...

Would you guys do the my TV show?

Third season.

We just announced the third season.

Can I sit down?

Don't talk.

He can't see us if you don't talk.

Where'd these guys go?

The fuck?

Don't talk.

He can't see us.

Yeah, this is weird.

People have never disappeared in the middle of the show.

Well, I don't know.

I guess I'll do the plugs by myself.

Hey, let's uh, it's time for a little something we call plugs.

His name is Scott Ackerman.

What you guys talking about?

Oh, short and sweet.

I love it.

Thanks Chuck Knoblet.

Chuck Knoblet for that plugs theme.

That's called plugs.

Great plugs name.

What you guys think of that?

I liked it.

I like all jingles and plugs.

Yeah.

You should get people doing stuff like this for your show.

Maybe they're just starting to send stuff in.

Okay, great.

Great.

And uh, you know, are you going to rewrite their stuff too or?

Oh, ouch.

Ouch.

Old ones, guys.

Old ones.

All right guys, what do we want to plug?

Amber, obviously Two and a Half Men.

You have an episode tonight.

You have another in a couple of weeks, I think.

Yes.

When you say you have it tonight, does that mean you record it tonight or it airs tonight?

No, it's airing tonight.

Everyone gather around the television set and watch the moving images.

That's about 29.33 per second.

That is what's going to happen.

And uh, what is your character's name?

Her name's Jenny and she drinks a lot and she screws a lot of women.

And what style of screwing women does she do?

Is it like the scissor or have you gotten that far into the character or?

Yeah, there's been a couple jokes about that.

Um, I'm actually shocked that uh, that, that Ashton Kutcher and I got away with a joke where it was written as a pound and we were like, let's just do this.

And we scissored with our hands.

With your fingers.

She's doing the like scissor finger and putting them together.

I like that.

Yeah.

Very nice.

Yeah.

It's good.

How do you like that Ashton fellow?

He's wonderful.

Um, he's got great eyelashes.

Oh yeah?

Yep.

Great eyelashes.

Very, very generous, kind person.

Great actor.

Um, John Cryer too.

I mean, it's kind of a- John Cryer from Mr. Show.

Yeah.

Your husband's show.

He, he played Ducky on that.

Yeah.

Which means Mr. Show is in the pretty in pink universe.

Yeah.

It's, uh, it's, you know, it's a great, um, cast and, uh, and a really fun show.

And, um, I'm loving it.

CB, I'm loving it.

Is it sponsored by McDonald's?

Housekeeper is still there too, right?

I just knew the second it was out of my mouth.

It was my fault.

That is what she said.

Oh God.

New segment on the show.

That is what she said.

And that's the first time we're hearing that.

Maybe the last.

Todd, what do you like to plug?

Okay.

I actually, oh my God.

I turned it off.

Oh my Lord.

What is wrong with you?

No, I turned it off.

I turned it off.

Who is it?

You know what I do?

Who is it?

I'm nervously trying to find out.

But you know what?

Okay.

No, no, I got to plug it.

Who is it?

You're standing.

I got to plug it.

Okay.

I don't know the exact dates, but I'll be at helium Thanksgiving week.

So it's like starting on Wednesday, take Thursday off, then Friday, Saturday.

I'm very excited.

Why don't they just bring you in on Friday, save a little money.

Heal them in Philadelphia.

They're good.

You know what?

I'm coming in anyway, they asked me that.

Okay.

I'm coming home for Thanksgiving anyway.

And then I'll be at Addison, Texas at the Improv, another one of my favorite clubs.

And that's December, the second week in December.

Second week in December.

And for my money, there is no better standup experience than seeing Todd Glass.

I agree.

First of all, I appreciate that.

And I will say that, you know, I do go, I, you know, I go out and I work hard.

You go above and beyond to entertain people.

You really do.

I'm going to take that as a compliment.

I really do.

I'm giving it to you as a compliment.

And you meant it as a compliment.

What I mean is I didn't want...

It's kind of weird that you need to take it as a compliment , but okay.

What I meant was I'm not going to go, oh no, I appreciate you saying it, you know, instead of going, oh no.

But you know why I say it?

Because I was at the, I want to mention who, but I was at a show a few nights ago.

I'm not talking about when someone's trying to perform good and they're having a bad night.

Who gives a shit then if you're trying.

But I watched five or six comedians go up there and just fucking, and it was like everybody's night out and it was a packed place and they're all just fucking jacking off on stage.

Just like this audience paid to park, they paid for babys itters, go up there and fucking do your goddamn job.

Right.

You know, if you're doing your job and you're working and it's not going well, then who cares?

Sure.

At least fucking try.

Yeah.

Anyway, so I try.

No one tries harder than you.

Thank you.

Sometimes you succeed.

Sometimes I don't.

Okay.

But you know, it's interesting to watch a man sweat as much as you do on stage.

Not as much since I lost 30 pounds.

So that's a good, that's the good part.

Did you lose 30 pounds?

Yeah, he did.

Fantastic.

You look amazing.

Thank you.

That's what I'm talking about.

All right.

And then of course, your new DVD, Todd Glass, talks about stuff in stores now.

Makes a great stocking stuffer as well, right?

It does.

Especially if you have like a big stocking that can like the width of a DVD can fit inside.

Here comes a joke.

Thank you.

Do you do that on the set by the way, Amber?

It must be fun to have on the set there.

Preempt, you mean?

Yeah.

Yes.

And make fun of people when they try to make jokes?

Yes.

And then I normally get made fun of.

It's a cruel meta world.

Very nice.

I want to plug, watch Comedy Bang Bang, Friday.

That's tomorrow or tonight if you're listening to this on Friday.

I don't need to explain to you.

10 PM.

Why do you have to interrupt my plugs with talking about your dental work?

There's probably one person that works at a dentist's office in LA.

I'll plug the hell out of him.

I'll go and Kimmel, I'll mention them.

And then just, just, I need to...

Is this a Subaru situation?

Yes.

What happened with the Kia thing real briefly?

Kia gave my mom a...

They heard about the Subaru thing, the debacle.

We talked about that on the show.

Go back and research that episode.

All because of your show, that whole thing with Subaru was awesome.

And then they gave my mom at least for a year.

Subaru was awesome.

Subaru was great.

And then after the year?

After the year...

Wow, take it back.

All they said was they would give it to her for a year.

They actually gave it to her for a little longer until she got her new car.

She got a new car for a year.

And then Kia...

They just step in.

They hear this story?

They gave her a car for a year.

Fantastic.

Then next time it's me that gets a car.

I need dental work.

I can pay for it, but why go eat out of that nest egg that I had?

Yeah, why cut into your nut?

Right.

Yes.

Watch Comedy Bang Bang Friday, 10 p.m., 9 central.

Pee Wee Herman, a very special episode.

I'm very proud of that one.

It was a big thrill to have him on.

That's amazing.

Season two, we're chugging along and we just announced season three.

So that'll be on next year.

So a very exciting time here in the Bang Bang studios.

And guys, let's close up the old plug.

Oh no, I want to thank Rachel Hattaway.

Rachel, how's it going?

I've seen you on Twitter.

Rachel Hattaway, $100 you donated to Earwolf.

We want to thank you so much.

A little something coming special to you.

Yes, Todd.

How about you give Cody a shout out?

No, no, no, no.

He gets a paycheck.

Oh, I wish I had somebody that could remind me.

I tell my guys, remind me, remind me.

Just towards the end.

He reminds you, very professional.

No, no, no, no.

We pay him to do this.

All right, well then fuck him.

If you were an intern, yeah, I'd thank him every show.

That's true.

But you know what I mean?

Like, what do you get?

Do you get healthcare?

You get like, yeah, you get all that stuff, right?

Obamacare.

You get Obamacare, right?

Do you get Fatburger?

Do they bring you Fatburger?

Yeah, we bring the Fatburger truck around here every single day at lunch.

It's incredible.

It's an incredible place to work around here, right?

I don't need to thank you.

Right, Cody?

Um.

Oh my God, he speaks!

Oh my God, he's an idiot.

Let's click.

You know what?

If you close up the plug bag correctly, we've been having some issues, right Cody?

With you with your job performance.

Is that safe to say over the past few episodes?

If you close up the plug bag correctly, I will thank you, all right?

Here we go.

And close up the old plug bag.

Closing up the plug bag.

Bingo, bingo, bingo, bingo, bingo, bingo.

Closing up the plug bag.

Closing up, closing up, closing up.

Brow.

Cody, thank you.

I appreciate that.

You didn't take a million years to press that button.

I really appreciate that.

The sarcastic thank you.

What do you think of that, Todd?

Amazing.

I could, I want to take Cody's side, but I know what you mean.

When you say play something, three seconds is like, come on, fuck.

Play the goddamn song.

But I didn't see you do it wrong.

I'm just saying.

You did it right that time.

You did it right.

But what do you think of the sarcastic thanking someone while still insulting them?

Oh, thank you.

Thank you.

You didn't take a million years to do it this time.

You know what?

It's like you're a dad to him maybe, and he still takes it as a compliment.

I consider myself to be your father.

What do you think of that, Todd?

You're a little young, but you could, maybe if you had him when you were super young.

Guys, thank you so much.

This has been a fun show.

I want to thank you guys for coming by.

Thank you.

You're my best friends.

You're very welcome.

This was fun.

And you know what?

Can I say something really cheesy?

Sure, please.

Because you don't know another way to say it.

The people that listen to this show, they're awesome.

They are.

Like they, every time with that kid thing, that I ask my, well, look, never mind.

I don't have to insult anybody, but they, like if I need something tweeted, they do it.

You ask them to sing a song in the street, they.

People love you.

You're one of America's most lovable comedians.

So it's not just this show.

It's anyone who comes into contact with you.

Well, it makes my day.

All right.

Fantastic.

Amber, you're great too.

All right.

So let's get to get out of here and go and have some fun.

Amber.

All right, guys.

Thanks.

We'll see you next week.

Thanks.

Bye.

Sold.

This has been an Earwolf Media production.

Executive producers, Jeff Ulrich and Scott Aukerman.

For more information, visit Earwolf.com.

Earwolf radio.

Boom.

Dot.

Com.

Ooh.

The wolf dead.
