---
layout: page
title: 252. Halloween, Steven Yeun, Paul Rust, Molly Bretthauer, Nick Wiger, Eva Anderson, Caroline Anderson [22305⧸21138].mp3.wav
category: cbb 
---

G-g-g-ghosts! Oh, ghosts on the show! Yes, I've seen them before in previous years, but not this year. I promise this year will be ghost free, but it's comedy fang fang for another year! None of the ghosts, but much more all on today's ♫♫♫ Peeled grapes, cold spaghetti, it's time for some Halloween leftovers, so welcome to Comedy Fang Fang. Oh my goodness, Comedy Fang Fang for another year! Special Halloween show, welcome to the show, this is Comedy Fang Fang, special Halloween show, Halloween is this week and boy, I could not be happier. It's October, there's a nip in the air, it's spooky, it's spooky right now, and we have a very spooky themed show for you today. And by the way my name is of course Scott Aukerman, your host, and we 're in the middle of the Comedy Fang Fang TV show, just last Friday we aired the special P ee Wee Herman episode, and thanks so much for all of your kind words about that episode.

Coming up this Friday we have Jessica Alba on the show, so that'll be fun. So the special Jessica Alba show, and Kristen Schaal, that is the one coming up this Friday. And so enjoy that, and let us waste no more time, let us get to our extra spooky guest. He is from the spook iest TV show of all time? I don't think there's an episode where your heart is not racing, and you're excited, and you're on edge, and you're seeing ghosts, you're like, is that a ghost? Is that a ghost?

Oh no, who are the ghosts? And then you realize, no, this isn't a ghost show, this is a zombie show, let me recalibrate my brain to think about zombies, okay, is that a zombie? Is that a ghost of a zombie? Who knows what could happen in this world, we'll talk about that.

He was a special guest back in March on this TV show, this TV show, this is a podcast of course. And he's making his second appearance, friend of the show, now officially a friend of the show, and it's Steven Yeun, how are you?

I'm good, how are you, thanks for having me back.

My pleasure, thanks so much for being back.

Yeah, this is awesome.

From the Walking Dead television show, I should say.

Yes.

Which is not a podcast.

No, it's, no it isn't, it should be a podcast.

Have you guys thought about doing a podcast?

Yeah, it's hard to get us all in the same room, that's the problem.

I don't think it has to be all of you in the same room, I think you do it just like the TV show where you're like, hi, it's Steven Yeun, and ooh, zombie! And then you hear like crunching noises.

For the next hour and a half?

Exactly, and you're just like, you're doing an interview show basically, but zombies come in every once in a while and you fight them off.

That sounds good, I mean we have really committed zombies, so I think we could pull that off.

I think it'd be great.

Yeah.

Now, the Walking Dead TV show, you're in the middle of, or not in the middle of it, but you just started your fourth season, is that right?

Yes, yes, we started airing our fourth season.

Season number four, that's where the syndication money starts rolling in, right?

Is that true?

I think so.

You're probably a rich guy, right?

How much money do you make?

Oh, this took a turn so quick.

I know a lot of people, they struggle with how to answer that and they usually exaggerate or they make a joke answer.

Literally, how much money do you make?

I brought my check stubs, sir.

I will never complain.

How much do you make per episode?

You probably renegotiated, right, in between seasons three and four.

I hired a solid lawyer, it's been going really well.

We'll talk about that, I'm gonna get a real answer out of you at some point about that.

You just have to catch me off guard.

People make good money on TV shows, right?

I mean, it's gotta be at least like, I mean you probably started at like 25 granted episodes, right?

We're at like two million episodes.

Nice.

It's the most popular TV show of all time, though!

I know, it's pretty cool.

We talked about this last time, it's more popular than the last episode of MASH.

Is it?

Yeah!

You guys do better numbers than the last episode of MASH on a weekly basis.

Oh, so if you add up all the weeks more than the last episode of MASH.

Yeah, in all your four years.

Okay, I'll take that.

I'll take that.

That's a win in my book.

And season four, Walking Dead, what's going on right now?

No spoilers for people who have not caught up yet, although I don't know why you wouldn't be sitting there at the edge of your seat for every pulse-p ounding minute.

So spooky.

It's the spookiest show of all time as well.

Are there like, like bats?

There should be.

I mean, I'm talking to Victor, our VFX guy, I'm just going to have him add some bats.

Have you guys addressed the issue of animals in the show?

Like what, are there zombie animals?

Here's my pitch.

You guys like turn to each other in the middle of season four and you go, hey, isn't it funny?

I know we don't talk about this a lot, but isn't it funny that all the birds also turn into zombies?

I know we haven't run into a lot of them, but all the birds turn into zombies.

And then you do an episode where you fight bird zombies, it becomes a spinoff, The Squawking Dead.

That was so fast.

That was so quick.

Oh, that was good.

That can, that has to happen now.

Have you talked about it?

Well, actually the animals are not infected.

They're not.

Have we, is that established?

Have you seen animals die?

Yeah, you've seen live animals and you kill them and you eat them.

Okay.

Yeah.

So, and, and those are real animals that are being killed on the show, right?

Yeah, we have, we have a huge budget.

Where you can basically buy, it's the buying the animals.

It doesn't take up that much money.

That's not the money.

It's the paying people off.

Yeah, the paying off.

Because it's just for that realism.

Yeah.

You got to go for it for television.

You just got to kill as many deer as you can.

And you're killing real people too, right?

Yeah.

The zombies are fake.

That's the hardest part.

Yeah, the zombies are fake.

You have to film all their scenes as a zombie before you actually kill them as a human being, right?

Yes.

So yes, there is a time jump.

You have to be really, you know, practical about it.

You're shooting out of order.

Yeah, it's hard for them because they have to act dead, but then actually be dead after.

So anytime anyone is playing a zombie on the show, they know their time is limited and in about a week's time they're getting a bullet in the back of the head, execution style.

Yes, but they get a solid last meal.

Like really good catering, top level sushi.

And you guys, when people die on the show, a lot of people don't know, but they die in real life.

Yeah.

So that's really interesting.

I mean, it's mostly sad for the people that they leave behind, but they get over it because they get the check still.

Look, life goes on.

That's the thing.

A lot of people feel sad when like pets die or what do you call the human equivalent of pets?

Like husbands, wives, loved ones, families?

Yes.

But you know, it just goes on.

Yeah.

And then they get residuals.

Yes.

And that's the theme of The Walking Dead, isn't that right?

Residuals.

Yes.

Syndication, residuals, starting at 25 grand an episode, going up to 2 mil.

Yeah, 2 mil, beating mash.

Yeah.

What'd you think of Father John Mulcahy?

He's kind of a kook.

Well, this is me being not in the know.

I don't know who that is.

From mash?

I don't.

What'd you think of Radar O'Reilly?

He's a bit of a weirdo as well.

I'm just glad we beat them, not by knowledge, but just by retroactive knowledge.

I was in Korea when mash was filmed.

Oh, you were the enemy.

Yeah.

Wait.

Oh my god, was I?

Were you viewing it through that prism of these are the people trying to kill us?

No, I was in the war, I was there occupying our territory trying to get the North Koreans.

Right?

Is that what?

I don't know what mash.

You didn't specify which Korea.

Yeah, I'm from South Korea.

Nice.

Yeah, it's good.

That's a good one, right?

Yeah, it's solid.

And you moved away from there when you were five.

Yes.

Oh my god, how'd you know that?

Did I say that?

We talked about this, yes.

Oh, that's amazing.

You moved away when you were five.

I can't recall where you moved to though.

Canada.

Canada?

Yes.

Oh.

Wait, are you a Canadian citizen?

No.

I was there for about like nine months and then we just got the F out of there.

Yeah, that's as long as you want to be in Canada.

Yeah, get out of there.

With their loonies and their toonies?

Yeah, well the toony didn't come until I left.

You should be so happy.

Yeah.

That's just complicated everything.

Yeah, have you seen their new money?

No, what's their new money?

I mean, it's just, like before it was monopoly money, but now it's like McDonald's monopoly money.

Like it's bad.

Like there's actual game pieces where you can win stuff?

It's a sticker, it's actually a sticker you can peel off.

You can win a free small Coke?

People just stick it onto random.

Yeah.

So tell me about Walking Dead.

What's going on?

You play Glenn, that's not a spoiler.

No.

Although I talked about this about a month ago on the show.

I think even titles of TV shows are a spoiler.

Yeah.

You know, you should just say, hey, turn on your TV.

I think even the channel you're on is a spoiler because that tells you a lot about the tone of the show.

Like the fact that you're on AMC, that's kind of a spoiler that there's going to be violence and you know, like all I would say is like just, I think the channel number is acceptable.

Turn on channel 264 at 10 o'clock.

Right.

Or just call it channel 35, 7 PM.

Yes, exactly.

Fall.

Fall for 13 weeks.

Yeah, for 13 weeks.

I think even the number of weeks.

Yeah.

That fills up too many like, oh boy, I can't wait for the last one.

It's like a book that you know how far it's going to go.

But an ebook, you have no idea how far you're going to go.

That's why those are more exciting.

All of a sudden it just ends and you're like, what the fuck ?

If we could make television electronic.

That would be amazing.

Yeah.

But we don't have the technology for that.

No, that's impossible.

But don't you think though that the TV shows should, why are they an hour?

You know what I mean?

They should just be like all of a sudden one day, like one 's an hour and a half because you have more to cover.

And then one day it's like five minutes.

It's like, that's all we got.

You know what I heard?

I actually heard it's because international people don't like more than an hour.

Really?

Yeah.

They don't have time for that.

Give us less.

Who cares if one, if it's really exciting and it's just like one day you turn on and Glenn is being chased by a zombie and he like gets away and he's like, well, that's all we got this week.

Just vines.

Make them make vines, make a vine show.

Like all this structure in our lives.

Like artists are supposed to be rebels.

That's true.

You know what I mean?

Like we're like, we should be training people to accept what we give them, not working within the confines that the man gives us.

We're actually working on an animated 3d episode.

Really?

Yeah.

In Simpsons-esque.

Really?

Where it's like Glenn falls down and hits his head on a rock and then has a dream.

Yeah.

And then we go into that one episode where Homer comes out into the real world and orders that nude cake.

Oh yeah.

Yeah.

Great.

It's taking up the majority of the season's budget.

Yeah.

And all of your huge salaries.

Yeah, it's gone.

So pretty much like every episode of The Walking Dead this season is just like people in one room like chatting about what they used to do before the zombie.

It's a bottle season.

Yeah.

It's a bottle season.

We've all heard of bottle episodes.

We've heard of bottle season.

Yeah.

Um, what, but seriously, what has happened without any spoilers, we can say that there are zombies in the show and that you play a character named Glenn.

Now I made a prediction last time you were here that you died in the season finale because what I had noticed was your publicist was like, Hey, can we get Steven on the show?

And then I noticed you popping up on other podcasts and that is usually the sign that someone is about to die on their show and they want to do a lot of press to like catapult themselves.

What it turned out to be was that I'm no good on camera.

I can only do audio.

So you found your niche here.

Yeah.

And I just, I just was, I just went hit a huge hammer on that first one, you know.

But I don't, it is kind of a spoiler that you didn't die, but it's kind of a spoiler that you're even doing press here.

Like, like of course you didn't die.

You're, you're talking about this show every day of my life is a spoiler.

It would be weird if you came back and were doing press for a show that had killed you off already.

That's true.

And you shouldn't do that, right?

No, you shouldn't.

If I can advise you.

Yeah.

So you're on this show.

What happens in the walking dead this year?

Um, just really briefly, what is the emotional theme this year of the show?

Um, this season is going to be good because we got Scott Kimpel, who's a new, our new show runner.

And, um, before we had a lot of action heavy, you know, crazy carnage.

And that was great and fun.

But I think this time it's going to be very, I want to use the word beautiful, just playing the ebbs and flows up and down.

It's going to have really quiet moments and then the crazy panic as well.

So okay.

So no zombies this year?

No, it's a private.

You guys have found a nice situation.

Yeah.

So you're keeping all the zombies out and then it's just like a character drama of, Oh no, this baby, am I going to keep the baby or should we even have a baby?

There's this beautiful scene where they're just making lemonade for the whole episode.

I love that.

And um, it's just two characters, but they're just making lemonade and they're just shooting the shit.

And they're like, you know what?

Life may have given us zombies, but we're making lemonade.

Right.

Fantastic.

This is going to be an amazing season.

What do you think about, and this, this news was announced a little while ago, but all of a sudden you guys have a spinoff.

Is it a spinoff?

I mean, it's not the squawking dead, but it's, it's, it's a , it's an alternate show.

Yeah.

Cause look, you guys are great, but what else is going on in world war Z?

I call it world war Z because it's like a world of zombies and they're like everyone in the world would be at war with them.

So I thought it was, you know, we've had world war one and world war two.

So I call it world.

Did you coin that?

I did.

And it's making some good coin for me right now.

But what, I mean, we, we've heard there's going to be an alternate show where it follows a bunch of other weirdos and they're wandering around.

They're like, they're like, Oh, zombie kill.

Oh, more zombies.

What do you think about this as a, as a guy in the original ?

Yeah.

What do you think about some pretenders to the throne coming over here and going, Hey, you know what?

We're a show called the walking dead too.

Yeah.

I mean, that'd be amazing if they called it the walking dead too.

T O O.

Like the jerk too.

As well, walking dead as well.

The TV movie sequel to the jerk that we all remember.

You know, our show is not easy to make.

We have a staff, a wonderful staff of writers and awesome cast and crew that bust their ass.

So it's impossible to do another show.

That's what you're saying.

I'm just going to say best of luck, you know, Kirkman is a genius, so you never know where he can pull out.

But, um, but yeah, you don't envy them.

Right.

We're taking care of our own thing.

Yeah.

That animated episode.

I mean, yeah, that's locking it down.

But what, I mean, uh, are there any details about it at all ?

I don't, I don't know.

And you probably can't say any new details, but are there any out there about like what city it's set in or in all seriousness?

I haven't, I don't know.

You have no idea.

What if it was just like the people who got to every situation five minutes after you did that.

Oh my God, that would actually be freaking.

They're just like, I'm not even going to do a bit on that.

That was so good.

They're doing, they're doing the mop up of like everything that you guys, all the chaos you've created every, every end of every episode is just like, Oh, damn it.

Just all the stuff is gone.

It's rated.

They're like so excited.

Oh, look, the governor's body.

Oh, that's not a spoiler.

I hope.

No, I'm good.

That's, I'm going to get messages about why did you spoil the governor's dead?

That's not a spoiler.

That's not a real spoiler.

Everyone knows that the governor's dead.

I don't know.

He's not dead.

Um, what do you, how many more seasons can you go?

I mean, this seems like, you know, friends went 10 years and you guys technically are friends on the show.

Yeah.

Do you care to comment?

I care to comment.

Um, I don't know.

I mean, we could, we can go forever.

Um, I think, I mean, as long as we don't like really die in real life.

Yeah.

What happens if one of you really dies?

Have you talked about this?

No, God forbid.

Would they, would they get like someone and shoot him from behind?

Like would they get some other Asian guy and just like, and then just, just have him just put a knife in him out of nowhere.

Just get that guy from two broke girls and they just like, all of a sudden a zombie just like you hear a chomping noise and then he goes, my leg.

And then he's just done.

And it's like, well, too bad Glen.

They don't even talk about it.

Uh, have you talked about this?

Like what the contingency on what happens if you die?

Uh, no, I mean, have you talked about this with your own family?

Like what happens if you die?

Um, like have you made a will or anything?

I don't, I don't think I'm, I'm a will material yet.

I'm not a will material yet.

You know what I mean?

I think like a couple more seasons and then I'll maybe will material.

Do you make more money than your parents ever did?

Ooh.

But if you, if you meet, what if you, what if you, isn't that weird?

When inflation, inflation, but when you start working in show business and you start like really comparing your paychecks and like showing your parents your paychecks and going, ha, ha, look at this.

Yeah.

Like isn't that a weird moment for you?

You know, it's mostly weird when, when you see how deep seated their shame is.

Yeah.

And they're a little tiny house, such a little house.

And then you like take pictures of your own house.

Yeah.

Just take pictures.

No, no, no, no.

They're not, they've never seen my house.

Yeah.

Good.

Well, they, I haven't seen all of my house either.

Yeah.

Do your, uh, uh, are people proud of you?

Um, maybe.

My parents, yeah, my parents are.

Your parents are proud of you, you think?

Yeah.

Even though your show technically is kind of what I consider to be smut.

Yeah.

I mean, it's tough on an every day to justify what their son does.

Uh huh.

They're proud.

Yeah.

Uh, do you have siblings?

I do have a younger brother.

You have a younger brother and what, and what is his deal?

He owns a food truck here.

Oh cool.

Which one?

Called the bun truck.

Hmm.

It's pretty good.

Just hamburger buns?

That's, he really is not imaginative.

He's the business guy.

Just sesame seed hamburger buns?

Yeah.

He doesn't really have the food.

He's like, hey, buy the burger somewhere else.

We got the best buns.

Oh, but he has, he's partnered up with the Patty, Patty bun , Patty, Patty truck.

The Patty truck.

Yeah.

They give you a bun at the Patty truck.

But he's on the other side of town.

But throw that bun away.

Oh yeah.

That's a complicated process.

So the Patty truck parks in Pasadena and then he parks in Santa Monica.

Do you ever throw him a bone or are you ever like, hey man, I'm going to buy catering for the crew today.

Get the bun truck over here.

Or do you just like, like to keep that stuff separate?

I mean, there's a competition between my brother and I.

No, I mean we can't cause I'm in Atlanta and he's in LA.

You can drive a truck.

It's a truck.

He's lazy.

Yeah.

That's too bad.

All right.

Give us one spoiler of the walking dead.

This is the fourth week I think coming up this Sunday.

It's Sundays at 10.

Is that right?

Yes.

Oh, nine.

Nine.

That's too close to the family hour I think.

Is it?

Yeah.

I think move that into 10 or 11.

Okay.

I'll talk to him.

So walking dead, 9 PM Sundays.

Give us like one thing that happens this year that you're not supposed to say.

Um, some of the names in the intro credits got switched around.

What?

Yeah.

Why is that?

I don't know.

People died and then they got put in.

That's crazy.

Do you ever like put in fake names in the credits to like throw people off the scent?

Yeah.

I think mine once was Tavis Smiley.

Good.

Yeah.

Do you ever put like Henry Winkler in there and then everyone's like expecting to see the fawns pop up and then they're like, by the end of it, they're like, well that was a, what a, what a crazy clue.

I had no idea what was happening there.

That'd be a, I like Tavis Smiley.

Survivor used to do that, you know, where they would, uh, cause cause they, they found out people were studying the credits to see scenes that hadn't come in the first season and they were, they were getting clues about what was going to come up later in the season.

So then they started putting fake things in to fake people out.

Really?

Mm hmm.

That's so much work for reality.

What you think?

So, and this is serious.

You think your show is better than any reality show?

I mean, yes.

So you're kind of a snob is what you're saying.

I mean, do you consider The Walking Dead, and this is a really serious question.

Do you consider The Walking Dead to be the ultimate slobs versus snobs show?

Like the slobs are the zombies and the snobs are the human beings that are still alive?

It's more, it's more, uh, it's like catty shack.

Yeah.

It's, it's, you know, it's like a bourgeois, you know, like middle-class, that's what it's really, it's like family matters.

But it's a lot like, you know, when, when Rodney Danger field all of a sudden came in and upset, you know, Ted Knight in catty shack, you know, it's like, ah, this guy, it's like, ah, this zombie is, you know, ruining our country club.

It's a lot like that.

You know what?

I can't, that, that's, that's going to be a spoiler, but I don't want to say anything, but it's going to be cool.

It should be like a Revenge of the Nerds type show.

You know what I mean?

So we should be following the zombies trying to get back at us.

I guess so.

Is that what you're saying?

If you're doing your show, I would, I would make very different choices.

That's all I would say.

All right.

We have to take a break when we come back.

We'll this is a very spooky comedy.

Fang Fang.

We'll have more from Steven Yeun and we will be right back with a couple of, or at least one very special guest.

I'm very excited about he, uh, he has a doctor in his name.

I hope that's not his first time.

I hope he's an actual doctor.

All right.

We'll be right back with more comedy.

Fang Fang.

Comedy Fang Fang.

We are back here, special Halloween show.

And we have Steven Yeun of the walking dead here and you're creeping me out just sitting here.

I mean, sorry.

Your, your show, you're, you're like a creepy, a creepy guy on it.

Yeah.

You know what I mean?

Like you're, you're kind of the antagonist.

You're kind of like the villain of the show is where it's like, like you have a beautiful girlfriend and everyone's jealous of you and you kind of Lord it over on the other people of like, look at this piece of tail I pulled.

Yes.

But I mean, that's what they write for me, but that's not who I am.

That's not who you are.

We want to establish that.

But you are kind of like you get that role because you're kind of a creepy guy.

Just that's my experience sitting across the table from you .

I mean, I just think that that's just, that's within anyone .

That's just, that's in your heart.

Steve Buscemi plays those types of roles cause he's, I mean , he's a weirdo in real life, you know, and that's sort of like you.

I mean, yes.

By the way, and I'm looking at your face.

We talked about this last time.

Yeah.

You had a little bit of facial hair this time.

Yeah.

And yet you're still shooting.

Yeah.

Does Glenn get facial hair this year?

No.

Oh, you just have been off for a few days?

This is, yeah.

I've been off for a month.

That's going to be a great season when you finally get facial hair.

It's God, it's got to come soon.

It's terrible for all of us.

At a certain point he's got to be like, what's, what's your girlfriend's name in it?

Maggie.

Yes.

You gotta be like, Maggie, I'm going to butch it up here for a second.

Yeah.

You know, like.

I'm going to go somewhere else.

That's the only place it'll come.

Not even on the top of your head, which is, it's really weird if Steven came in without his wig on today.

Yeah.

He's totally bald.

It's, it's really.

Well, yeah.

I mean, it's, that's just how I was born.

Hey, we're all born that way.

Yeah.

It's the weirdos who grow hair.

Yeah.

I mean, it's a recessive allele.

Yeah.

All right.

Well, Steven, Steven, you on here with us the entire episode and we have a very special guest here and he just came by.

He didn't know it was the Halloween show.

But you know, it's kind of an informational segment, I think.

So his name is Dr. Trego.

Welcome Dr. Trego.

What?

Are you crying?

Yes, I'm very sad, Scott.

You're sad?

Yes.

I'm sorry, Steven.

Yeah.

This is you.

Dr. Trego is very sad.

Okay, we can do the interview another time.

I can talk to Steven.

No, no, I have to talk about it.

It's best that I talk about it.

Oh, okay.

You see, Scott, it's just that, that, oh, how I miss my creepies.

What?

I miss my creepies, Scott.

He misses his creepies?

Have you ever seen the likes of this, Steven?

No, I can't see.

Hello, Steven.

Hi, Dr. Trego.

I'm Dr. Trego and I miss my creepies.

Oh, wait, I see maybe what's happening.

You're like a mad scientist or something?

Obviously.

You're more like a sad scientist today.

Yeah.

Melancholy scientist, Scott.

Oh, my creepies.

What are these creepies?

There are these...

No!

I'm sorry I've never heard of you.

You're not like Dr. Victor Frankenstein, who had a monster, commonly known as Frankenstein.

Frankenstein had one monster.

I have many creepies.

Okay, I'm getting what's happening here.

You're the master of a lot of monsters, which you call creepies, and somehow they're not with you any longer?

Why must you repeat something all of your audience already knows?

Yes, I created little creepies.

They're my creepies, and they're three-foot versions of Hollywood's classic movie monsters, and I miss them.

Scott, I miss my creepies.

Wait a minute.

You made what, like action figures or like little statues?

They're living.

Oh.

They live and breathe and blink.

But there are recreations of Hollywood's famous monsters like what, Dracula and Frankenstein and the Bride of Frankenstein?

I have a little Dracula, a little Frankenstein, a little Bride of Frankenstein.

The ones I said then?

Yes.

I have a Freddy, a Krueger.

Oh, that Freddy.

I thought maybe it was Prince Jr.

I have a little Jason, Vortes, and I have a little Chucky, but because he's usually less than three-foot tall, I had to bump him up to three feet, and it's unsettling, Scott.

So Chucky is three feet tall, and he's just as tall as Dracula?

It's very cute.

Okay.

Wait, is classic just from including the 90s?

I guess so.

Classic meaning Dr. Giggles, Candyman.

Oh.

Wait, what do you consider to be classic?

Anything over two years?

Yes!

I go to the movies, and when I come home, I start making my creepies, Scott.

And it takes you two years to make them?

Roughly.

Okay.

Wow.

But Scott...

Yes, you can talk to Steven as well.

Steven, can you guys tell I'm crying though?

I, I, yeah, I mean...

We can see the tears just streaming down your face, of course.

It's because I miss them.

Your creepies.

My creepies!

Well, I, I, I mean, there's so much to cover here.

A, how did you bring them to life?

Right.

Mm-hmm.

And then B, if you're not interested in that line of questioning, B, where have your creepies gone?

That I will talk about, Scott and Steve.

Okay, it's kind of a trade secret, the first question?

Yeah.

You wouldn't get Ray Crockett here talking about his creep ies, would you?

His burgers, you mean?

Yes.

Okay, so, what happened to your creepies?

Well, I suppose it all started, Scott, when I took them outside with me.

Usually they stay in my little castle.

But I said, creepies, creepies, come with me!

And we all got into the car.

Are they forced to answer to your commands if they rhyme?

Um, they can't speak.

Oh, okay.

But they can listen.

Mm-hmm.

And blink and breathe!

Why can't they speak then?

Do they not have working larynxes?

I don't want no backtalk!

Okay.

So I took the bullets out to the movies, and I guess they got one little taste of the outside world and wanted more.

Oh, no.

What movie did you take them to?

Creepies!

I don't know that movie.

What movie is that?

Do you call every movie creepies?

Yes, it was Lions for Labs.

Oh, okay.

That's a rough...

I guess I should have called it Creepies for Creepies.

Mm, okay.

How long have they been missing?

They left in July, and it's been a rough few months for Dr.

Trego.

Okay.

Can't you just make more?

I tried, but they came out as little astronauts.

Some of the little Neil Armstrongs and little Buzz Aldrin's .

And those aren't to your taste, or...

I mean, they're still companions.

No, I exterminated them the moment I saw them.

How, if I may be so bold as to ask?

Oh, I have a little crusher.

Just for this purpose?

Yes.

How many of your original creepies prior to this have you crushed?

I want to say somewhere in the six figures.

Six figures?

Six figures.

Wow.

What's financing all...

Do you have a day job?

I kickstarted this.

Oh my god.

Kickstarter, it's the new thing, Steven.

I don't know if you know about this.

You know, I see Zach Braff go out there and ask for money for his creepies, so I think, why can't I?

Sure.

You just destroy them.

This people's hard-earned money, and you just...

I'll send them the skin of the figures I crushed as sort of a consolation.

So you crushed them, and you crushed their bones up into liquid form, and then you take the skin and you squeeze it out like a sponge, and then it 's just skin left?

Is that what's happening here?

Yes.

Then I put it in vanilla envelopes, but then guess what happened, Scott?

What's that?

It's my creepies.

Oh wait, so these are part of the creepies that you also miss?

Yes!

Wow.

Such an interesting story, Steven.

Yeah, I'd rather have a button or like a bumper sticker.

I thought you meant a button to this bit.

Wait, do you have one?

No!

So we're just going to keep going on it?

Yes!

Uh-huh.

But...

How do you know comedy terms like that, like bit?

Well, I studied with Sharna.

Oh, okay.

Say no more.

So what?

What are you going to do?

I mean...

Well, I'd like to take this opportunity to maybe speak to any of my creepies who are listening.

Yeah, I haven't looked at our demographics of how many creepies listen to the show, but I'm sure there's got to be a few.

At least a dozen.

That's how many that are alive.

Oh, a dozen are out there in the wild.

So you think at least that many are listening?

Yeah.

I would say at most.

It's a popular show.

Okay.

Go ahead.

Say whatever you want to your creepies.

You have an open forum.

Creepies.

I know you want to live your own life, and perhaps Dr. Tr ago could be a disciplinarian sometimes.

Really?

I would make them do little chores around my house, but only because it was so cute, Scott.

Oh, really?

Like 12 of them lifting up a trash bag?

I did one of them falling into it.

Yeah.

And he went out with lettuce behind his ears.

Have you ever reenacted the movie Small Soldiers with your creepies?

We visited the Small Soldiers set once.

So you've had them for a while.

Yes.

And Joe Dante is very rude.

Really?

Because why?

I mean, just because you had your own living animals and he had to make the gremlins out of movie magic?

Yes.

I think he had a chip on his shoulder about that.

So do you have anything else you want to say to the creep ies, or was that the end of the sentence?

Well, I'd like to say one more thing.

Okay.

Creepies!

Okay, very good.

Well, Dr. Trago, can you stick around?

You seem like a fascinating guy who has a lot to offer.

I'll stick around, sure, Scott.

For a couple more segments?

Please!

Okay, great.

When we come back, we'll have more of the special spooky edition of Comedy Fang Fang right after this.

Buh buh buh buh buh buh buh buh.

Comedy Bang Bang, or Fang Fang, oh my god, what show am I doing?

It's obviously Comedy Fang Fang.

Fifth edition.

Episode five of Comedy Fang Fang.

We're here with Steven Yeun from The Walking Dead, and what else could the dead do other than walk?

You know?

They could like, stride, like slow stride?

Like in jog, I mean not jog, that's too hard, that's a lot.

What about special episode The Dancing Dead?

Ooh, that's...

Doing the Zombie Shuffle.

Is that a song?

That's the song that I'm going to give to you.

Oh, oh.

I'm not going to give it to you, I'm going to license it to you.

Okay.

I hear you guys have a lot of money over there.

We have, okay.

So it goes something like this.

Doing the Zombie Shuffle.

5, 6, 7, Doing the Zombie Shuffle.

5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12, 13, 14, 15, 16, 17, 18, 19, 20, 21, 22, 23, 24, sorry, let me start over.

Doing the Zombie Shuffle.

Shit.

5, 6, 7, Doing the Zombie Shuffle.

5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12, 13, 14, 15, 16, 17, 18, 19, 20, 21, 23, I'm sorry, I just thought you were going to go into the 8s.

No, never mind.

Okay.

Never mind.

But it goes on.

I'll pitch it.

It goes up to 573 and then I come in with one more.

Doing the Zombie Shuffle.

No, no, it just ends and it's like, oh man, I wish he'd say shuffle again.

That's so good.

Yeah.

Okay.

Anyway, I'll let you have that.

There's no backing track.

Is this just you and the counting?

Just me and the counting, but the counting is good because then the zombie dancers can like keep time and do their steps.

Okay.

So that's one for you guys.

Thank you.

Yeah.

Not for free.

Not for free, no, very expensive, but you know, special episode.

We did a musical episode of comedy, Bang Bang, so why not a musical episode of The Walking Dead?

Yeah.

I mean, have you guys run out of ideas yet?

We've repeated the second season over again.

Really?

Is that what this year is?

We're just doing second season over again.

Oh man, I can't wait until they find that little girl.

All right.

We have a, and by the way, Dr. Trejo is here.

How are you?

Very well, Scott.

Thank you.

You seem to have cheered up.

Yes, I'm very happy now.

Do you no longer miss your creepies?

Not at all, Scott.

I don't miss my creepies.

If you listen closely, you could hear all of your listeners saying it with me and you to sit there.

Yes.

You're one of our favorite recurring characters on this show.

The most favorite.

Well, we have someone who's going to be in the running for most favorite recurring character here.

First time on the show.

I don't know anything about her, but- Greetings.

Greetings.

I'm Dykula.

Dykula.

Please welcome Dykula.

Hello.

It's very nice to be here.

Hello.

What's the sausage fest all about though?

No ladies.

It's true, Dykula.

Sorry.

It's just, you know, that's sometimes the show just comes out that way, you know?

It happens.

I mean, but the population is 75% male, so at least it's reflective.

Not where I am.

They just come to me.

They just come to me and they come on me.

It's- What?

What?

No, I said what first.

Oh.

Because you said something weird and then I said what?

I don't say weird things.

I just am myself.

Very nice party here.

It's not a party.

It's a podcast.

But hey, welcome to the show.

Dykula.

What is the, what is the- I'm from the Dracula family.

We're just, you know- You're Romanian.

Yes.

But then we moved to the Netherlands and had to change the spelling of the name.

Oh, okay.

And then I was like, you know, around 14 like girls do and I thought, hey, I think I like ladies.

So it all worked out.

How strange.

Your given name is Dykula?

Yeah.

They didn't, they just predicted that you, I mean, I don't know.

Maybe they didn't predict, maybe it caused you to be- I don't know.

Maybe it was something that was written in blood for all to see.

Maybe it ties with my destiny.

Oh my.

So wait, you were 14 then.

How old are you now?

Oh, 427.

So this is kind of your life now.

It's like not really a phase.

Yeah.

It's like finally we can get married maybe, you know, it's like way to catch up to me.

It must have been nice to see a lot of progress in these last two years in the face of the 435 other years.

Yes.

As well as- That's what I was saying, finally.

The Twilight movies are really popular too, so that must be nice.

Oh yeah.

It was a very good PR for me.

What does PR stand for for you?

Oh, pussy relations, obviously.

Okay, good.

Gosh, so Dykula, it's so interesting.

I don't believe that I've ever interviewed a vampire before .

Is that something?

Interviewing a vampire?

That's incredible.

You've had so many Halloweens.

I've been through many Halloweens.

I love the Halloween.

Is that your favorite holiday?

Do you see the women out on the street?

Just asking for it?

Asking for everything?

Slutty costumes.

Oh my god.

Slutty everything.

I love it.

So you have consensual sexual relations with humans?

Well, humans, I'm purely for the ladies, but I'll be clear, I've never turned anyone into a vampire.

In your entire 450 years?

Yes, I've never had to.

How do you live?

Don't you need to...

Well, you know ladies.

No.

Once a month.

Oh.

Once a month.

Oh.

Yes, once a month.

Well, here's the trouble.

If you're going to get your sustenance off something that's regular, hopefully, then you have to have a couple ladies in your life who can decide what you need.

When you crossed your fingers about those women not getting pregnant, how would you get a woman pregnant, Dykula?

You're a doctor.

Didn't you know how babies are made?

I only make creepies, not babies.

Are you a doctor of psychology?

Yes.

Oh, okay.

I have very famous patients.

Doctor, I've actually been with one of your creepies.

What?

You've been with one of my dot, dot, dot creepies?

Oh, no.

Which one?

Bride of Frankenstein?

No, I wish.

Bitch is married.

Think Oscar-winning actress Charlize Theron from The Monster.

As Monster?

Yes.

That's why I saw little Christina Ricci crying.

You stole her away.

You know why Christina Ricci's last name is Ricci, don't you?

I have no idea.

She's tiny.

Because she has to do Ricci for things.

I know that because I see it all the time.

She's shorter than my creepies.

Oh, boy.

Okay.

So Dykula, you're trying to say that once a month with these ladies, you're able to get the sustenance you need.

Yeah.

And you have to cycle through several different ladies and have them be juggling a lot.

I'm always posting on Craigslist.

Yeah.

I'm always looking out for new ladies.

Do they ever sync up their schedules and it becomes a problem with you?

That's the worst.

You know, you want to have a sitcom moment and have all your girlfriends living together.

You know, like, hey, this is the friends.

This is the girls, you know?

But then everyone starts going at once, and then I'm like, I got to get out of here, you know?

I'm hungry.

So technically, like, a tampon is like your cross.

My cross or, like, my fruit snack, you mean?

No, like the cross, you know what I mean?

You don't like Mexican.

No, no.

I mean, she wouldn't like the usage of them, but she's not deathly afraid of them.

You would just suck the blood off of them.

Yeah.

Oh, okay.

They're, okay.

They're your lollipops.

They're your pops.

You know how vampires have lollipops?

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

They're lollipops.

Yeah.

Like a diva cup is just a regular cup for me.

Yeah, okay.

That's my bad.

My bad.

Yeah.

I'm like one of those double popsicles.

Mmm, good.

Creepies.

Okay.

Not every sentence you say has to end with creepies, by the way.

That's true creepies.

So do you ever do that activity when they're not, uh, I'm trying to think of the, like, a medical term for this, on the rag?

I mean, I had a girl once and she loved me and I loved her and I'd have to be like, all right, what do you need?

Let me look at, you know, your problems.

But for the most part, I'm really there to continue surviving because I need blood to survive.

There's other ways to do it, like the, like a woman's neck or...

Yeah, and then they become a vampire and then they probably become horny.

I mean, have you seen True Blood?

Have you seen True Blood, Steven?

No.

Do you not watch the competition?

Yeah, I hate the competition.

Yeah.

You're like, anyone watching True Blood is someone who's not watching your show.

Anyone watching, yeah, that, that or they have access to pay cable.

Yeah.

The enemy.

They have too much money on their hands.

Yeah.

Because ours is basic and free-ish.

Free-ish.

Is AMC basic?

I mean, what part of it?

Good question.

Yeah.

We'll follow up with that next time you're here.

I have a competition, Scott.

Really?

Mm-hmm.

My next door neighbor, he makes his own version of creepies .

What?

And spookies.

Who's your next door neighbor?

Dr. Tragon.

That's so, is that a coincidence?

I mean, that's so strange that someone with such a similar name would make the exact same product as you.

But if you're driving down the street, is it so uncommon to see a Walmart right next to a Target?

That's a great- That's, he got you with that one.

Yeah.

Okay.

I see that.

I guess it'd be a little more unlikely to have a Walmart right next to a Walmarto.

Yeah.

True.

He got you back with that one.

That is true.

So Dykula, what, are you a count, by the way, or are you just- A countess, yes.

You're a countess?

Yes.

Oh, great.

Is everyone in your family hold some sort of title?

Sure, absolutely.

We come from a long line of- Royalty?

Of sorts, of sorts.

I mean, when you live this long, it doesn't take much to live forever.

Just keep going.

Yeah.

And not, I guess, get a stake through your heart, right?

Oh, yeah.

Have you ever had any close calls?

Oh, for sure.

I've lived in West Hollywood for many years.

I mean, can't trust those people.

Did you know about West Hollywood in the 70s and 80s?

No.

Lots of dyke bashing, you know?

And then they'd find out I'm a vampire and really freak out .

So they were filled with two levels of hatred and intolerance.

Which is worse?

What do you find to be the worse hatred?

Well, I'm among minorities.

I mean, none of you are vampires, so- We're not vampires.

We're not women.

No.

I'm a minority.

Yes, you're bald.

Yeah.

I mean, there's not many of me.

Yeah, there's Patrick Stewart and you.

I think we're the only bald people in the world.

Maybe Charley Villanueva.

Oh, yeah.

Yeah.

So you know how she feels a little bit.

Yeah.

I know where you're coming from.

But it's weird.

I don't like being an advocate all the time saying, you know, hey, vampires should get married.

You know, we should have the same rights as you.

Is that where that magazine title comes from?

The Advocate?

The Advocate.

I don't understand the joke here.

One thing.

Gentleman's Quarterly?

Yes, Gentleman's Quarterly.

Gentleman's Quarterly.

Comes out every three months.

Yes, The Advocate.

Yes.

So, which is worse?

Which is worse?

Oh, man.

Yeah.

Oh, wait.

What am I saying?

Being a vampire is way worse.

Yeah.

So if you could not be a vampire, you'd rather just be a lesbian and you'd be great with that.

Oh, my God.

I'd love to just be a lesbian.

That'd be so easy.

Yeah.

You'd be down there any time of the month.

Yes.

And you could eat.

Probably not.

You would not be down there that particular time.

Right.

Well, I don't know.

You get used to things and you're like, what's the sandwich without strawberry jam now?

I mean.

What if it's a ham sandwich?

Well, like I said, you get used to it.

Oh, okay.

Ketchup on everything.

That's what you get to.

It's no problem.

Wow.

Dykilla, what's next for you?

Well, I am working IT right now.

IT?

Yeah.

Wait, are you talking about the Stephen King it?

Oh, no.

But I have met his tiny it before.

Oh, really?

Yes.

I have a little Pennywise and a little trash mouth.

It's not as scary when you see him so tiny.

Yeah, I bet.

Yeah.

Yeah, all you have to do is throw an old banana peel behind his back and he goes chasing after it.

And then he picks it up in his mouth and brings it back to you.

It's very cute.

Oh, that's so cute.

But never again for you.

No, he ran away.

My favorite thing about tiny Pennywise is it's still played by a tiny Tim Curry.

Yes.

So talented.

I once walked in on him at night taking off his makeup.

He was sitting at a vanity.

Did he look embarrassed?

He was ashamed that I had walked in.

But hey, that's what happens when you're dealing with...

Anyway, so...

Creepies!

Yep, creepies.

Great.

Wow.

So, Dykela, what's next?

Countess, I'm sorry.

Countess Dykela.

You're working IT, but what do you hope to accomplish?

Oh, man.

How many years do you think you have left?

I mean, my father died at 937.

How did he die?

Stick to the hood.

Oh, right.

Yeah, classic.

Was he healthy otherwise?

As much as he can be.

Like I said, it's a chase to get blood all the time.

I make it sound wonderful and easy, but man, if I could just get a consistent pussy, it'd be...

Amen, right?

What are you doing here, by the way?

Oh, in LA?

No, I mean in this room.

There's no pussy in here.

Yeah.

I know, I was very disappointed.

I thought this was a Halloween party.

This is not a Halloween party.

Sort of is.

I was hoping to find some slutty ladies.

Yeah, I'm sorry there's none here.

It's just us dudes.

Oh my goodness.

I can be slutty though.

Yeah, but you're a dude, so it doesn't count.

True.

Yeah.

Well, I mean, we all are wearing Halloween costumes.

Yep.

And all of our balls are exposed.

Of course, but other than that...

I was going to say something, but...

That's how you know we're not ladies.

We thought that was just truth in advertising since you were coming in.

Thank you.

Yeah.

My goodness.

Well, Dykela, you're a fascinating...

I was going to say person, but I think you're more of a vampire.

I am.

Yeah.

But I sometimes like to say I'm all women, you know?

Just say that in the Craigslist ads, you know, throw them off a bit.

Yeah, yeah.

Yeah.

Have you ever killed anyone?

Mm-hmm.

I mean, I don't mean by sticking your fangs into the neck and turning them into a vampire.

I mean, have you just like murdered anyone?

Yes, many.

Oh, really?

If you're alive as long as I am and you're fucking vampire poof, turn into a bat, a good...

Yeah, you get into some situations.

Oh, jeez.

I mean, if we all lived to be 400 years old, probably there 'd be a time where we would have to murder someone.

Right.

Where we'd be cornered like by a mugger or someone.

Is that the type of situation you're talking about?

Exactly, exactly.

Yeah.

Yes.

Can I ask, would you turn into a bat for us?

Sure.

It's a little pussy.

Oh my god.

It's a little pussy with a bat?

You think that's a piece?

Wait, turn back.

I'm not a bat?

No, you're a little pussy with wings.

Oh, no, no, no.

Wow.

No.

Wait a second.

Am I not?

I'm not a bat?

You can't notice you haven't looked in a mirror or anything .

Oh, she can't look in a mirror.

She's not.

I don't know.

No, you look like a pussy.

Yeah.

Now I know why my parents got so weird every time I turn into a bat.

They go, all right, all right, put it away, put it away.

You should get your labias checked.

They're very long.

Yeah.

After 400 years.

They're just, yeah.

I just thought my wings were getting flappier.

In this form, are your labia, you're 400 years old, are they down to your ankles by now?

Yes.

Is it the way I'm sitting?

I try to be cool about this.

I've noticed your earlobes are also down to your waist.

You will say.

And your nose.

Yeah, the three things that grow.

Man, the three things that ladies love to suck on right.

Am I right, ladies, gentlemen?

I don't know, but.

Should I turn to a labia again?

No, I think you're OK.

This is the vampire form.

Could someone take a picture of it so I could see what I.

Wait, you can take pictures of vampires?

I thought that.

Oh, yes, and that's the trick I can't ever see.

I thought.

At least your parents could have described this situation.

It was weird.

It was like a long time ago, very traditional, you know, like my parents, my father and I were distant to say the least.

Yeah.

It's like most fathers from East Europe, you know.

Yeah, I guess so.

I don't know.

Plus, he died with that whole stake in the heart.

Oh, geez.

How do you.

You didn't answer my question.

How much longer do you have on this earth, do you think?

Man, I hope at least 400 more years.

I'd be great.

And how do you think you're going to die?

I don't know.

I'm very curious about the singularity.

I mean, I mean, that doesn't involve me.

I'm not a human, but, you know, could I get a robot head?

I don't know.

Who knows what the future will hold.

It'd be interesting to see a tiny flapping labias with a robot head.

Hey, doctor, could you do that?

Done.

Really?

I'm so glad I came to this.

I already have it drawn up.

This is your purpose.

This is why you came here.

This is my purpose, Scott.

I thought it was to make creepies, but there are no accidents we're finding out here.

Creepies?

They're not called that.

Wait, what are they called?

Creepies!

Oh, sorry.

I didn't realize that the inflection also was part of...

When you write it, there's seven E's and an arrow that's ascending above it.

Oh, I see.

Very good.

Well, guys, we have to take a break here.

But when we come back, we have another special guest.

Boy, this is just a mammoth show, a special comedy.

Mammoth show?

Yeah, exactly.

Hey, that coffee's for closers.

We'll be right back here in just a bit with more Steven Ye un, more Dr. Trego, of course, and more Dykela.

We'll be right back.

Comedy Fang Fang, we're back with Steven Yeun.

This has been a really interesting show, hasn't it?

Yeah, this has been really...

This is spooky.

This is very...

I didn't think it was going to be as spooky as it was.

You thought it was going to be spooky, though, right?

I mean, I thought it was like basic level spooky, like candy corn of spooky.

The spookiest of all treats.

Right.

It's at like Tupac Twizzlers.

The Tupac Shakur Twizzlers that he endorsed.

Tupac Shakur Twizzlers, his last advertising...

His legacy, we may as well say.

And of course we have Dr. Trego, who no longer misses his things, and Dykela is here as well.

Hello, hello.

Excited about this robot head for you.

All right, singularity.

Come back next year.

I'd love to see it on you.

Let's see.

Let's see if Steve Jobs...

Oh, wait, he's dead.

Let's see if that other guy can do it.

Did you murder Steve Jobs, by the way?

What?

Through odd means of pancreatic cancer?

That's ridiculous.

Okay, good.

Slow.

All right, well, we have another guest here on the show.

And boy, second time, a friend of the show.

He's a chief friend of the show status, just like you, Steven.

Thank you.

Hi, my name is Leo Carpazzi.

I'm thrilled to be back here on Comedy Bang Bang.

Hey, Leo Carpazzi.

So you haven't been here in three years or so, I believe.

It's been three years since my initial appearance.

It's been what?

Three years.

Okay.

Three years since my initial appearance, and things have changed.

My life has completely changed dramatically.

Sure.

Well, let's talk about where we started, because people may not remember you.

You were here three years ago on the...

Yeah, so a little background about myself.

I'm best known as the composer of the 1962 Halloween novelty hit, The Monster Mash, later popularized by Bobby Boris Pickett.

And I had written the song, and I came on this show to explain that in the original version, my original vision of the song, it was quite different.

It was a little bit more grotesque, a little bit more unsettling.

And the studio, the label, they made me change it.

They said, these lyrics are too far, the audiences of the day are too sensitive, you've got to change it, you've got to dial it back.

And so I made the sanitized version, which is The Monster Mash that everyone loves and knows.

But you sang it on the show when you were last here, the version that you originally intended.

I sang my original vision for the song.

It was The Monster Fuck.

And it went over very well.

I received that...

People really enjoyed it.

People were excited, I got letters, my grandchildren are mobbed every time they go to Orange Julius.

It's just everyone is talking about this monster fuck.

And I thought, well, I've got to bring this back.

How many times a day do your grandchildren go to Orange Julius?

They are frequent guests.

I'd say two a day.

Two a day, really?

Yes.

Is that lunch and dinner?

Do they skip breakfast?

Those are their meals, yes.

Yeah, great.

Well, there's an egg in there.

You get some protein.

Yes.

Yeah, that's great.

And Margaret and Judy, if you're out there, Grandpa loves you.

Why wouldn't they be out there?

I suppose they could have been hit by a train in the interim.

Since the last time you've seen them?

Since the last time I've seen them, it's possible they got hit by a train and I haven't received a word.

Yeah, I don't have a cell phone.

I'm not pulling it.

I bet I know where they are.

Oh, Steven.

Orange Julius.

Oh, yeah.

God willing.

You should have Orange Julius just on speed dial.

You know, I don't regret Julius.

It also has an egg.

I get it.

That's a joke.

Sorry.

That's my brand of body humor.

That's the kind of thing that Leo Carpazzi enjoys.

I really like the song.

I'm very...

Oh, yes.

The Monster Fuck.

So you heard it.

The Monster Mash song?

Oh, no.

The dirty version I want to hear.

That sounds much...

Oh, well, no, he did it three years ago, so he's not going to do it tonight.

I'm done with the Monster Fuck.

I did the Monster Fuck.

I feel like that's out there for people to enjoy.

But I wrote a sequel.

Oh, that's great.

I wrote a squeakquel, if you will.

Oh, okay.

A part two to the Monster Fuck.

And it's called, well, it's called Monster Fuck 2.

And I think the audiences are really going to enjoy it.

I mean, I think it's got everything that you liked about the original song and more.

Oh, great.

Well, I'd love to hear it sometime.

I am delighted to sing it.

Anyway, so...

Oh, wait, are you going to sing it right now?

Oh, I would love to sing it now.

In fact, I brought two girls with me, the hauntettes.

Say hello to...

Oh, hello, ladies.

Oh, come on in, ladies.

Oh.

Here is a Scaraline and Skiva to...

Oh, Dykula.

I'm wet already.

Please get this song going.

Hands off there, Dykula.

They're below the age of consent.

What do you consider the age of consent to be?

Oh, well, in my day it was 14.

Right.

So they're younger than this?

Mm-hmm.

Okay, how old are you, little girls?

12.

13.

You know, girls develop earlier these days, so...

Yeah.

I don't know, have you two become a woman yet?

Neither of you use...

Yes.

You use the lady products, right?

Yes.

My mom bought me some.

Oh, my goodness.

Not yet, but I'm hoping.

Oh, well...

Do we have to wait or not?

I should drop this ruse.

Scaraline and Skiva are actually my granddaughters.

They are here, the Orange Julius fans.

Yes, they are.

They have the cups.

They have the cups everywhere.

Wow.

That's why they have the cups, yes.

You were really patient with Dykula hitting on them.

Well, you know, I don't want to, you know...

You're not gonna cock block.

I know she needs that sustenance to continue living.

This guy gets it.

This guy.

Plus, like I said, body humor.

That's what Leo Karpatzi is all about.

Plus also, you, I mean, you write about monsters a lot, so you really must be empathetic to that taste.

Oh, I mean, monsters are what I think about all the time.

Wow.

I'd like to interview, possibly, you know, for an advocate type, you know, monster advocate interview.

I don't know what the magazine is called.

Anyway.

Okay, so, uh, Steven, do you want to count off the song here?

Yeah.

Okay.

One.

Are you ready to sing it?

I'm ready to give you the Monster Fuck 2.

Okay, this is the sequel to the hit.

Okay, here we go.

Count it off.

One, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight.

Go.

I was working in the lab late one night when my eyes beheld .

An eerie sight for my monster from his slab began to rise and suddenly, to my surprise, his trousers dropped right to the floor.

With his bottom bare, he ran to the door.

I said, Frankenstein, what's gotten into you?

He said, my dick is hard and I need to screw.

He did the fuck.

He did the monster fuck.

The monster fuck.

It was a graveyard fuck.

He did the fuck.

That monster sucked and fucked.

He did the fuck.

He did the monster fuck part two.

Part two.

Collaboratory, I heard quite the racket.

Part two.

Deep in the castle, the vampires jacked it.

The zombies all fucked in the graveyard grass.

Part two.

Wolf man wolf down Frankenstein's ass.

They did the fuck.

They did the monster fuck part two.

Monster fuck.

It was a graveyard fuck.

He did the fuck.

Those monsters sucked and fucked.

They did the fuck.

They did the monster fuck part two.

Part two.

The beasts all fucked as the orgy spread.

Part two.

Bigfoot gave the headless horseman head.

Part two.

The monster thing jacked off in the castle moat.

While Dracula gagged from the jizz in his throat.

The fucking was wet.

There was spooge like mad.

Igor decided to fuck his own dad.

The mummy let out a horny moan.

When Medusa's bad tits turned his dick to stone.

They did the fuck.

They did the monster fuck part two.

Monster fuck.

It was a graveyard fuck.

They did the fuck.

Those monsters sucked and fucked.

They did the fuck.

It was the monster fuck part two.

But Frankenstein's wife was the biggest slut.

Dracula got balls deep in her butt.

She got titty-fucked by a giant spider.

Jizz made the streaks in her hair much whiter.

She fucked every monster come one come all.

Her three holes were filled like a bowling ball.

And while monsters all fucked his undead bride.

Frankenstein just jacked off and cried.

Now the monster fuck part two.

And it's a graveyard fuck.

Those monsters suck and fuck.

Now you can monster fuck part two.

Easy Igor.

You're too horny.

You're fucking your dad.

For a second time.

Oh no Frankenstein you're fucking Dracula again.

Swamp Thing I can't believe you're fucking the mummy.

Another time.

Alright stop this.

I've had enough.

I'm putting an end to this.

I know it was the end of the song.

I loved that.

What's the issue?

I thought it was a wonderful sequel.

It was a spiritual sequel perhaps but a sequel to my previous hit.

Let me run down the issues I have with this.

First of all DC's the Swamp Thing is involved?

He's copyrighted.

I think I would defer here to the judgment of your previous guest who said that anything older than two years is a classic monster.

I'm getting ideas.

I'm taking notes.

I see a Swamp Thing creepy in my future.

But more than that it's not that kind of a show.

This isn't that kind of a show.

Yeah my problem is there weren't enough ladies.

I mean you had the bride part which I liked.

That is a fair criticism.

I could have.

I remember this was written in the early 60s when it was thought that you couldn't have a female monster.

It was very very gender biased those times.

I guess my biggest problem is this isn't really a sequel.

That sounded like the exact same song and you were just saying part two very occasionally.

To be fair also my granddaughters were singing part two over the verses.

They had part two in there a number of times.

Did your granddaughters sing last time?

Yeah my granddaughters were here the original time.

They were like eight or nine years old singing such a...

Oh my goodness I have to take a scene.

One was in the single digits one was in the lower double digits.

They were good sports.

They did a great job singing.

Like I said it's led to a lot of positive press.

So no this was a sequel.

We're following the model of other recent sequels.

Just give the audience what they like again.

Give them exactly what they expect.

It's like how in a part two to a movie the characters are constantly saying part two.

And doing the exact same lines?

Of course.

We've all seen Home Alone 2.

Home Alone 2 is a carbon copy of the original film.

It's like season four of The Walking Dead.

They're just doing season two.

You guys are constantly turning to the camera saying season two.

We just break the fourth wall and say season two.

And that's the thing season four fourth wall there's a lot of parallels there.

You know what I mean?

We're playing with five.

Something with five that's coming.

Very good.

I don't know what.

I consider the fifth wall to be the ceiling.

Yes.

So you guys can just constantly look up at the ceiling and there's a camera up there and you're like season five!

Yeah but a crane's expensive.

Yeah I never thought about that.

And your song is going to take most of the budget.

Well gosh Leo Karpatzi it feels like this was a waste of time.

I mean I'm not sure what you expected.

You expected a wholly new composition that the audience might reject.

I'm not sure what you would you know.

I thought it was a loving tribute to the original.

What everyone loved about it.

It was just another iteration of it.

I don't know.

I think let me just say that every episode being the same is a criticism you could love you against your show.

Well I mean some people might say oh wow you did this comedy fang fang this year and you're not in Suicide House.

You know we want the same thing every single time you know and I would say well I tried to do something different this year I had you know Diculon I had Dr. Trego.

Creepies.

And people would say well I would prefer that you just go back and return to Suicide House over and over and do the same jokes.

But I decided to do something different and do something different with this show that I think people are really going to enjoy.

I guess can I can I be frank?

Can I be honest?

Sure.

I'm out of ideas.

I can't.

I just I tried I spent three years trying to come up with a new song and I couldn't I couldn't do it.

What were some of your drafts?

I you know I tried the monster nonconsensual fuck.

Everyone said that was too dark.

Everyone was very upset.

This actually seemed a lot like a nonconsensual.

I tried to.

Was the consent between all parties kind of implied at the top of this song?

It should be implied in this song yes.

This is all consensual.

Was that based off a real party?

It was based off a dynamite party I went to in the early 60 s.

Well this is, but Dicula this is where like have another party and you can write another song.

Yeah yeah I have parties all the time.

I could maybe get the creepies to come they love to pork.

A tiny monster mesh.

What do you mean you haven't even been able to find them?

Well if I find them I'll invite them and what better way to get them to come back than a invitation to a fuck party.

That's true.

If you want somebody to come to your party you just promise nonconsensual sex.

So this one's going to be I don't know.

I don't I don't yeah I did that was that was an idea I sh uddered I experimented with I didn't get past the second line.

What was the second line?

Dracula took a shit.

Dracula took a shit?

What a terrible direction to take.

You are out of ideas.

I said I couldn't even I couldn't even stick with a theme I 'd establish.

It went wildly off the rails.

It just followed these characters into the bathroom?

Yes it was very it was you know it really didn't follow even what the even the poor idea I had I couldn't even execute that properly.

And it's patently untrue they don't shit.

Well at least my creepies don't.

Well diculae do you vampires?

Shit.

Yeah.

Yes blood coagulates and you do have to process it.

Why don't you just eat the blood that's in the toilet then?

Oh my god yeah.

Recycling.

Gross.

Gross come on.

Okay.

I munch out cherry pies all the time and I even think that 's gross.

Okay.

So wait could you write me a song?

Yeah why don't you follow diculae around and write a song about her?

I suppose I could.

You could be my muse I could try to come up with a track for.

Jason Muse to your Kevin Smith?

I'm not familiar with that reference I'm an old man not sure what what you're referring to.

Okay.

Maybe that's something my granddaughters could speak to but I you're talking over my head.

Hip hop is in.

Oh hip hop yeah.

Hip hop is in you can you can do some hip hop.

Some sort of monster rap perhaps.

Oh monster rap.

I have an idea.

Why don't you follow Steven around on the set of The Walking Dead and you can just write down everything that happens in every episode and then at the top of the season you can come out with that song and just sing about everything that happens in the coming season and people have like it's almost like a chapter list .

Or you could just watch season two's DVDs.

Yeah.

And just take that.

So create a chronicle of the of what happens in the series and sing that to people like a troubadour.

I'm I it's not really what I'm used to I'm used to writing more more parody centric music but I suppose I could give it a shot I could give it a try.

Well if you were to parody The Walking Dead I mean I Steven I don't know if Mad Magazine has taken a swipe at you guys yet.

They have.

What did they say?

They didn't say anything.

They drew my ears really large.

What?

Let me take off those cans.

I see what you got up there.

Let me see those door knockers.

No.

Yeah I get their point.

Yeah I mean when I was a kid my I had tiny head and large ears.

Yeah I mean they're nothing compared to Dyke and his ears.

You want to see some lobes check these out.

Gross.

Sorry.

I would think it's an honor to be drawn with big ears in Mad Magazine because it matches their spokesperson.

Yes.

Oh yeah.

Dyke-ula.

Yeah I agree.

Dyke-ula you had something you wanted to say?

Oh I just wanted to know if I could change into a bath in front of your little girls.

Yeah little girls you you've been very quiet during this entire show.

I am a I'm a vampire did you know that ladies?

Little girl?

Yes.

Wow that's pretty cool right?

Yeah.

It's scary.

Yeah it's probably it won't be yeah it won't be that scary when you see exactly what she changes into.

Yes okay I'm going to turn into a bath okay.

Here we go.

What do you think of that girls?

Um that's gross.

Well in the last 20 minutes since she last changed it got that much more floppier.

Yeah the clap the the the noise.

I got to listen to that song and I got a little.

Oh your labia became engorged.

I'm gonna slip off this chair here people.

I can just say when she turned into a bat my crotch turned into a boner.

Okay thank you for just saying that.

I liked it is what I mean.

Ladies are you talking about building her a robot head just so you can hang out with her?

Oh god.

No it's there.

Get you ready just come by pick it up.

My robot head?

Yeah.

Fine I will do that.

I've got to say the sight of that flapping hovering vagina may have cracked Leo Carpotzy's writer's block.

I think I've got an idea for a new song a new monster song.

It's uh it's about a flapping pussy bat.

Okay I call it the monster fuck part three.

Here we go let's hear it.

All right here we go.

I was working in the lab late one night when my eyes beheld an eerie sight for my monster from his slab began to rise and suddenly to my surprise his trousers dropped right to the floor.

His bottom bare he ran to the door.

Leo!

What's that name?

He said my dick is hard and I need to screw.

He did the fuck?

Yes!

He did the monster fuck three.

You a monster fuck?

It was a graveyard fuck.

He did the fuck?

Remember me?

That monster sucked and fucked.

He did the fuck?

Remember me?

That's a graveyard fuck.

He did the fuck?

He did the monster fuck part three.

Part three!

Guys guys.

I saw that.

That's the same song.

But look.

It has nothing to do with Dracula.

His song was a siren call for all my creepies.

They're marching up to the door.

Oh my god.

Oh my goodness.

Look at all these creepies.

Finally it's time for a party Halloween party.

Oh my god we're surrounded by monsters.

Steven what does one do in this situation?

Craft services.

No, no if you're on the show not if you're acting on the show.

Grab a pipe.

A pipe?

Yes.

Grab a pipe.

Okay.

Am I putting anything into this pipe?

I mean depending on what you have at your disposal.

Yeah I'm holding.

Is that what you're talking about?

I mean anything.

I actually meant like a lead pipe.

Oh yeah.

Those are tough to smoke out of.

Oh they fell asleep.

We don't even have to worry about it.

They all got tattered out.

So cute.

Oh good they fell asleep.

Well guys I want to thank you all.

This has been a really scary and spooky episode you know.

I mean and look we you know that's the moral of the show.

We tried something different you know.

We did it.

We achieved it.

We did a totally different show than we've done for the last three years here and you know maybe the last part was a lot like the one we did three years ago.

Or four yeah.

But you know I think it was great and I want to thank my guests Leo Karpatze.

Was it Anna?

Yes and I want to thank Dykula.

Thank you.

This was really nice.

Maybe next time you know we could have a few more ladies over here.

Yeah well next time I hope to see you with your robot head.

Oh doctor I'm looking at you.

Is that happening or are you just trying to get her over to your house?

I'm just trying to get you over to my place.

Well you'd have to get yourself a vagina first and then maybe we'll talk.

Already done.

Wait are you really?

When I made my creepy I made me a pussy.

Oh boy.

Dr. Trejo thank you.

You're welcome.

So next week I come back.

I'll be back.

No it's not gonna be our Halloween thing.

Why does it have to be Halloween for you to want to hear about my...

Scott you can say it.

I'd rather not.

I don't mind.

I kind of mind.

I don't want to be the person who says it.

You can be it.

What you want me you really want me to say it Scott?

I kind of do.

Creepies.

All right very good.

Oh and before we say goodbye to Steven why don't we play Pl ugs.

It's time for Plugs.

Yeah.

Here we go.

Time for the Plugs.

Scott Hawkins about to use that fucking silky smooth voice that makes me moist.

That tells us where we can see these people at.

Maybe we can see them in person.

At some venue or something.

At a date in the future.

Maybe on TV.

Maybe just on the fucking internet or something.

I don't know.

Doesn't matter.

It's fucking hot.

I can't wait no longer.

So Plugs.

Plugs.

Fucking Plugs.

All right.

Well that was an interesting one.

That was by Mike Citizen.

That is Plugs song baby.

If you have a Plugs song or whatever that was even just head on over to Earwolf.com and put it in the appropriate threads.

Very sexy.

Wait that was a man obviously.

I know.

Still.

Yeah all right.

Have you ever been with a man?

Oh yes.

College.

You try different things you know.

How would you get the blood out of him?

You suck really hard.

Wait so you just suck his penis so hard that it shreds?

You asked me if I killed somebody.

I don't want to talk about it.

Oh okay.

Oh man.

Steven what do we have to plug here?

Obviously Walking Dead.

Yeah.

Season 4 The Walking Dead is continuing on and if you can somehow get your hands on watching it.

I did a show called Filthy Sexy Teens.

What's that on?

It's on Adult Swim.

Oh great.

Yeah.

What exactly is it?

Can you describe it?

It's written by Curtis Quinn created by Paul Scheer and John.

All those guys and so it's about kids.

A parody on shitty kids.

Oh cool.

Has that been airing?

It starts, it started a couple weeks back.

Oh great congratulations.

I haven't seen it yet.

Thank you.

Okay that's fantastic.

So you're going, you have a drama?

You have a one hour drama?

And you have a 15 minute comedy?

Yeah well yeah.

What's next for you?

How many more TV shows do you want?

I mean I can't get all the money in the world.

You should do a 35 minute dramedy.

Yeah.

Because then it's an average of both of those.

Yeah.

Oh yeah.

Very good.

Alright so Walking Dead Sundays 9pm AMC and the rest of you guys do you have anything to plug?

Uh yes Paul, the Dr. Trego Creepy's trilogy.

I think it's going to be coming out.

Oh wait who's this?

Paul.

Oh you're Paul?

The actor.

Paul Rust?

Yes.

So this has been a character you've been doing?

A very Peter Sellers like form.

I disappeared.

You did.

I didn't even recognize you.

So this is a character you're developing for a series of films?

Yeah it's already Disney is making them.

Congratulations.

Yeah so I'm just coming here trying to get some early buzz out so you can expect it.

Kids are going to be wearing the t-shirts soon and you're going to be seeing all of them.

That's so great I didn't know you were doing a character.

That's very successful.

Thanks.

Well let's go to the other real people at least.

Dykula.

Anything to plug here?

Well I'm going to see if I can get into that Advocate magazine thing.

I think yeah you're right.

They should care more about these things.

Yeah.

Uh huh.

Great.

So that's in the future for you and Leo.

I just want to plug my granddaughters.

They have a soccer game coming up.

So if you want to come and cheer on their team they're called the Spiders and they are very both very capable bench players.

Great and so it's okay if just like random men show up to their soccer game?

I've been I mean I've been telling I've been telling strangers to come to their soccer game for years and they've just attracted more and more fans so I don't see the harm.

Okay.

So how many single guys come to these games?

I'd say the stands are mostly single men.

Disgusting.

You girls.

I'll be there.

Oh very good.

Clapping very loud for you.

I want to plug the comedy bing bong TV show This Friday Jessica Alba and Kristen Schaal.

That is a really funny episode.

Watch that IFC 10 p.m. and we're in the middle of season three.

We're making more so we will see we have eight more episodes this season then we'll be back next year in 2014.

All right let's close up the old plug bag and we will.

Yeah.

Guys I've already thanked all of you.

Thank you so much.

Thank you to the young girls.

Sorry but I've been hanging around your your grandfather here.

You must get it a lot.

And Steven thank you so much for being on the show.

This was awesome.

This was spooky though.

More than awesome.

Yeah spooky I'm sorry.

Do you.

I don't think people should play this if they don't want to frighten themselves to death.

I know it's kind of late to.

Yeah.

They've already listened to an hour and a half of it.

Do you think the world is everyone's dead like in Walking Dead because they've heard this program and they were spooked to death.

I hope not because I need a ride home.

Oh damn.

God I feel bad for not offering but you're kind of out of my way.

Where do you live.

I live like two blocks from here.

What's the address.

1575 Callaway Lane.

Oh OK.

Callaway Lane.

That's beautiful up there.

Yeah.

All right guys this has been a very successful Comedy Fang Fang.

We will see you next week in November.

That's going to be great.

Until then thanks bye bye.

This has been an Earwolf Media production.

Executive Producers Jeff Ulrich and Scott Aukerman.

For more information visit Earwolf.com.

Earwolf Radio.

Boom.

To.

Com.

The wolf dead.
