Two titans of comedy, Tim Heidecker, John Daly, fan favorites, they're on the show today.

And guess what?

They're on the show together.

All of that and more all on today's...

♪ No shirts, no shoes, this is the worst clothing store I've ever shopped at!

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

Whoo!

Great catchphrase, Colt Barton, thanks so much for that.

November rain!

First show in November, boy, 2013 is just whizzing by, if you know what I mean.

And I think you do!

November 4 is the date that this comes out.

You're probably listening to this later, but November 4 is when we come out.

And I tell you, we just have a few more episodes left until the end of the year.

We just have actually a few more episodes left until you get to vote on your best of episodes this year.

I think we've had a great year this year, and a lot of you seem to think the same.

And by the way, I just want to thank everyone for the wonderful messages and posts to the message board about our last few shows, the Halloween episode and the Pete Holmes episode.

I mean, just wonderful outpouring of support for how much you love the show.

And you know, it really makes it worthwhile when you're doing a free podcast and you're working really hard on that and a TV show.

And to hear just such a, just the warmth of the messages is really fantastic.

So I want to thank everyone for that.

But you know, get ready because you're going to have to vote on your best of in a few weeks.

And we'll have more details about that coming very soon.

First of two episodes this week, and we have two great guests here in front of me.

I could talk about them all day.

One of them is scratching his chest hair.

You'd think he has enough hair on his face, but no, he wanted to open it up, get to the chest here in front of us.

He's a long time guest on this show since the early days.

And one of my favorite people to have on the show, he is the bad plaid boy of comedy.

Please welcome John Daly.

What's up, everybody?

Great intro, Scott.

How's it going, everyone?

Good to be back on the bang bang.

You can probably hear it in my voice.

I got a little bit of a cold.

Hey, man, I wouldn't have even known if you hadn't said it, man.

But now that you said it, I kind of hear it.

Yeah.

And I've been taking Alka-Seltzer.

What, for a cold?

For a cold.

That doesn't make any sense.

But now I see that that's the kind of thing that the sick, twisted mind of John Daly would think does make sense.

Yeah, because it's just like back is up and up is all around.

It's like, does anything get into that noggin of yours without being twisted around like a pretzel?

No, no.

In fact, I drive upside down.

What?

It's crazy.

You drive upside down.

Which you mean your car is upside down on the road or you 're upside down in your right side up car?

Listen, instead of a dog at my house, guess what I have?

What?

A cat?

Fake dog.

I made a paper mache.

A fake dog?

Now this is interesting to me because most people have dogs .

We're crushing it.

I would say 99% of America has a dog in their house.

And you did something a little different.

You had a fake dog made of paper mache.

A fake dog that I made in eighth grade.

Pretty cool.

How have you been doing?

Hey, man, this isn't about me.

No, no.

Let's keep the focus on you.

Anyway, yeah, I've been having a great time.

I just, yeah, been doing TV, you know?

TV.

Movies.

OK, so.

You know, and I really appreciate it.

I was going to say, you said you appreciated your fans' feedback, Scott.

And I appreciate all the emails and tweets.

Oh, big news.

I just want to say this.

Is this Scaloosy?

Well, this is a little exclusive on Comedy Bang Bang just because it's the first podcast I've done since it happened.

Ladies and gentlemen, John Daly, at John Daly on Twitter, J -O-N-D-A-L-Y.

I'm verified on Twitter.

Verified, baby.

Verified, baby, no more.

Finally.

Eat my shit, and now I know what it's like.

Yeah.

That is amazing.

I don't really pay attention to non-verified accounts anymore.

Too long people have gone wondering if you're the real John Daly.

Yeah, I know.

You know, and confusing you with those other weirdos.

I know.

You know, so finally, baby, you're here.

Finally, baby, arrived.

Now my tweets mean so much more.

Thanks so much.

Oh, man, every tweet must be like cinnamon cake.

Yeah, it's a real pledge.

You know, and thanks so much for getting me there, guys.

Hey, you know what?

I think without the John Daly Army, it never would have happened.

So you've got to give it up to them.

Big shout out to the John Daly Army.

Thanks so much, guys.

And I'll be there for you.

Are you going to expand into the John Daly Army and the Air Force, Navy, Marines?

Army, Navy, Air Force, Marines.

National Guard, maybe.

National Guard, sure, why not.

Have some reserves.

And it's all slutty women.

Just kidding.

No, it'll be men and women, because it's totally equal.

One weekend a month, two weeks a year.

Two weeks a year, one weekend a month.

You can't beat it.

Just like, put in your time.

John Daly Army, all you have to do is be willing to have sex with.

With who?

My, with me.

With your penis?

You have to have sex with.

All right, this is not a good deal anymore.

Well.

Continually for two weeks out of the year?

I mean, if you want to be in the Air Force.

I don't know about this.

Hey, tell you what, John.

I've enjoyed talking to you.

It's been great.

But let's get to our other guest, because he's swinging around in his chair like he cannot stand not talking anymore.

Yeah, he can't hold it in.

Here we go.

All right.

You know him.

Look, OK, let's.

Get ready for this intro.

Recap your entire career in one intro.

You started out.

Tom goes to the mayor.

Kind of a quirky anti-establishment type show that thumbed its nose at authority.

You then cut to a few years later.

You then go and do Tim and Eric at the movies.

What is it called?

Tim and Eric?

Did the movies?

What was your show called?

Tim and Eric at the movies.

And that was with an at symbol?

No, no, it was just A-T.

A-T, OK.

A-T and T presents.

Hey, remember the A-team?

A-team.

Ba ba da ba.

More like at-eam, right?

Anyway.

Nice.

Continue on.

You have the billion dollar movies.

Billion dollar movie, Joe the Mooch.

I'm currently on Eastbound and Down.

Eastbound and Down, doing a great job playing the ball.

Next door neighbor, who's amazing.

And he comes in and says the funniest things, and then he gets out of there.

Are you playing a next door neighbor on it?

Yes.

I mean, we're all next door neighbors.

Technically, everyone probably who is ever on TV is playing a next door neighbor.

Of somebody.

We're all next door to someone.

Unless you live in the hills and you have like acres and acres, and you're surrounded by just like marshland.

Right.

You know, everyone's a next door neighbor, John.

Come on.

I don't know why.

Good point.

I don't know why you don't know that I'm on that show.

And I guess you haven't watched it.

Have you not been watching Eastbound?

I do know that you're on that show.

I do watch Eastbound.

It's the best, buddy.

It's great.

No, it's one of my favorite shows.

You got to check it out.

I love it.

I'm just not caught up to it.

Oh, speaking of check it out, check it out with Dr. Steve Bruhl.

Another show we're a big part of.

That's right.

We're in the middle of making a third season of that show.

That is fantastic.

So my name is Tim Heidecker.

Well, I'll get to that.

Wow.

But then we have to talk about just last Thursday on Halloween, your new show premiered.

Yes, the Tim and Eric's Bedtime Stories Halloween special.

Fantastic.

And how was that received by the internet?

The internet seemed to go for it.

I mean, we got 100% approval rating online.

What?

100%?

Yeah.

Everyone loved it.

Everybody online saw it and loved it.

I don't think I've seen numbers like that since the last episode of MASH was the last one that got 100% like that.

So congratulations.

That's amazing.

We're happy with it.

People love that last MASH.

People hated that last Sopranos, though.

I'll tell you that.

You know, I don't understand that.

It's like, hey, first Sopranos, last Sopranos, the Sopranos are still in it.

Yeah.

You know what I mean?

Like, what are you complaining about?

You got Tony.

You got Vicky.

You can imagine it leaves it up to the imagination.

You know what bothers me about people complaining about, though?

People complaining about the Sopranos.

Specifically.

If you had read the book, it followed the book.

It's exactly what the book says.

So it's like, why are you, you know, like.

I mean, he was pretty faithful to the books.

I usually just don't, I don't read like books about like the mafia.

Yeah, so you didn't know what was coming.

Yeah.

Well, no, I mean, it was all based on that true story.

So it's like, first read the newspapers, then read the book based on the newspapers.

So it's a nonfiction?

Yeah, The Sopranos was.

The Sopranos?

Yeah.

That's cool.

Yeah.

They had to change the name because obviously like, whose name is going to be Sopranos.

What was the name?

I believe it was.

Garcetti?

Yeah, Garcetti.

Yeah, right.

Tommy Garcetti.

And Gil Garcetti.

They were all cousins.

Yeah, there was no Carmela in this.

Her name was Carmelo.

Carmelo.

They were, yeah, they were all male cousins.

Carmelo Anthony.

Yeah.

Anthony was the child.

Yeah.

Anthony Jr. AJ.

AJ.

Anthony Jr. But guys, we're not here to talk about The Sopranos, although I could at length if you opt in right now.

I would opt out of that.

You're going to opt out.

I don't think that would be a good move for them.

OK.

All right.

Let's talk.

Tim Heidecker is here, by the way.

Yeah.

Let's talk about you guys' friendship.

Well, you're, yeah, my friendship with who?

Each other.

It could be with me too.

Me and Tim?

Yeah.

Well, it has its ups and downs.

Yeah.

You know, yesterday I thought everything was going pretty good.

I mean, everything's going pretty good.

But you guys don't see, I mean, your body language, you guys are sitting kind of apart.

You are not looking at each other.

What is happening here?

I mean, this is, I'm concerned.

I put you guys together on the same show because I thought you guys were tight.

And then when you walked into the room.

John's just a bad guy.

All right, let's start at the beginning here.

Oh, boy.

Guy Fieri, all right, got into this stupid fight.

It's October 31, by the way.

No, it's November 4.

I know you think that's the illusion that you want to make.

The reality is that yesterday, Guy Fieri, there was a public video that came out.

Why do you have to do that, John?

What?

Why do you have to like?

Blow up the spot?

Yeah.

Why do you try and maintain the illusion?

That would be my question.

Because who needs to know that it's Halloween and we're devoting our time when we could be trick or treating to do a podcast that people are going to send us warm messages about?

Oh, man, you're all about the messages.

By the way, that doesn't matter.

I don't need validation for my emails.

This is a video that just came out.

So whether it came out on October 31 or November 4, doesn't matter.

Whatever day it is.

People are still going to be talking about this on Monday.

Why do we need to tell people?

The cat's out of the bag, Scott.

The cat's out of the bag.

Let's put it back in the bag is what I'm saying.

Well.

What's wrong with leaving a cat in a bag?

I don't think it's a big deal.

I think John messed up by bringing it up.

And Scott, I don't think it's a big deal that it's out of the bag.

You think I should drop it?

As long as I can.

You think I messed up by bringing it up?

Absolutely.

Why?

What do you want to talk about?

That's why you named your company, absolutely, right?

Because you think he really messed up.

Oh, yeah, you're just name checking your company now.

No, that's not it.

Pretty weird.

Come on, I can't use the words in the English language just because they happen to be in my production company.

You said it like your production company.

Now you're starting to make a loot, man.

Well, that's fine.

That's my catch phrase for today.

What I'm saying is it's not fine.

Look, guys, let's all stop fighting and let's get to this story.

Well, Tim doesn't even want to discuss it.

So let's just move on.

I do want to talk about it.

I want to hear about it.

You brought it up.

I want to hear about it.

I want to get this.

Guy Fieri got in a fight with his fucking hairdresser in a parking lot or something like that.

And the guy was a guy was guy.

Yeah, when you say guy, are you talking about the guy?

Or guy?

Guy Fieri was in his SUV and his hairdresser was like punching him going, fuck you or something like that.

Shut up, shut up.

And Tim and I said Guy Fieri is a piece of shit because I think the Guy Fieri.

And I'll say it to his face.

Would you say it to his face?

A lot of people say they would say it to their face.

From a distance away, I would say it to his face.

Why would you say something like that to a man's face?

Because I really believe that he's a good.

What good does that do to spread that kind of negativity, though?

Oh, well.

The guy's obviously in some trouble with this guy.

He's obviously in pain.

Why would you stand up for someone like Guy Fieri?

Because I like him.

My friend Tim Heidecker.

First of all, by the way, I think he's a good chef.

Tim Heidecker, my friend that I know, would go after Guy like that because he's about bullshit.

He's about promoting the big get off my lawn lifestyle.

That's what's wrong with America.

You have a snapshot image of who Guy Fieri is.

What you don't know is who he really is.

Oh, really?

And you do?

I absolutely do.

How do you know who he is without that TV going on?

I've been a fan of his for 25 years.

Really?

Not a fact?

Something you're making up?

No, that's not true.

Why even bring?

So now, I know that he raped a little boy.

I could say that.

Come on.

Come on, John.

Please.

So now that's in the ether.

Now that cancels out you lying about knowing about him for 25 years.

Clearly a lie.

So now those things are balanced.

Go ahead with your story.

I don't know him personally.

I said I've been a fan of his for 25 years.

I don't like either of you to lie about this.

First of all, you can't say stuff like that, John, on this podcast.

Well, bleep it out.

Bleep it out?

But I want the truth to be out there in a karmic way.

I want this balance.

You can't just bring up lies.

I'm not going to bleep it out because then you win.

Justify the fact that I'm here.

So I'm going to let you make a fool out of yourself and let that hang out there and hang you out to dry on that .

Because you're saying something that is the wisdom of a fool.

No.

And I don't appreciate that.

Listen, now secondly, for you, Tim.

I don't suffer fools.

For you, Tim, I don't need you here lying about how long you've known of Guy Fieri or known him.

I don't appreciate that.

I know that you do some of that anti-comedy that we've talked about.

It's not anti-comedy.

It's antithetical to comedy.

No, it's not.

But I don't appreciate you lying on this show.

It's anti-comedy.

Everyone knows it's anti-comedy.

It's not anti-comedy.

It's a different kind of comedy.

You do anti-comedy.

I do.

We're all doing anti-comedy.

No, it's not.

Here, listen.

I accept the label.

I'm not doing any bits.

I'm not trying to make things up.

Obviously, I've done that in the past.

We do a lot of comedy and stuff.

But I happen to know a lot about Guy Fieri.

And I know that his intentions are coming from a good place .

I personally am a fan of the kind of food he makes.

Yeah, what's so wrong with wanting to feed the world?

I think he is a great cheerleader for American cuisine.

I don't think everything has to be super fancy and super everything's on the way.

He's a great cheerleader for diabetes.

Let me get my fucking thoughts out.

Jesus Christ.

Calm down.

Not everything needs to be foam this and sort of, you know.

Deconstructed.

Those things aren't the opposite end of any spectrum.

That's fine.

You can think that.

But what Guy Fieri has done is created an identity for working class.

And I don't know if you understand what that even means anymore.

But working class American cuisine.

Blue collar food.

The stuff that this country has been built on.

The very meat and potatoes.

Literally.

Well, literally.

And literally.

Were you to wave the flag for, man, this guy's a real paper tiger.

I don't see.

What is your issue, though, John?

What is your issue with Guy Fieri?

I think Guy Fieri is the kind of destructive, get off my lawn, me versus everybody else.

Oh, what is this get off my lawn that you keep telling me?

Whose lawn is it?

Who is on his lawn?

He's one of those guys that's just big yard, big get the fuck.

He's the kind of guy that revs his motorcycle.

He's the guy saying get off my lawn, or you want him to get off your lawn.

Cigar smoking.

You're basically defending like Jim Belushi is a cook.

Well, let me mark that.

Listen, let me look at this from another angle.

Let me look at this.

Let's all look at this from another angle.

Come at it from a different angle, because right now we're What's the angle on Fieri that you have that I don't have?

Look, John, come on.

Right now we're coming at it from one angle that we're not going to agree on.

Let's let him come at it from a different one.

I want to come at it from a different angle.

Let's say Guy Fieri is this piece of shit, this horrible guy.

Which is what I wrote on Twitter.

Who cares what you think?

Why do we want to listen?

Why do we want to use Twitter?

I wrote it on Twitter because it's true.

It got a lot of faves and retweets because people liked it because it's true.

You should be using Twitter to talk about your new projects or your movies or your TV shows.

John, why are you not using Twitter to talk about, like, you know, your new stuff coming out?

Like what's coming out?

Like betas.

Also, what's funny about it?

Betas on Amazon.

It's one of Amazon's first new shows.

You want to make fun of Guy Fieri?

Make fun of his extravagant hairstyle or his shirts?

Or, you know, like zone in on something that's tangible.

Don't just say, what did you say?

Fuck Guy Fieri.

This guy's a piece of shit.

Yeah, come on.

It was no creativity.

It wasn't fun.

Well, it sparked.

It certainly set something off in you.

But the rest of the reaction was all positive.

Oh, good.

But John, what?

All supportive.

Yeah, you keep looking.

Because this is what's wrong with America.

You keep surrounding yourself with yes men and women online who keep telling you how great you are.

You're going to have a great career.

And you're going to really feel good about yourself.

But I'm here to tell you a little bit of truth.

When you come out against somebody as important and as American and as respected in this country as Guy F ieri, I'm going to have to stand up because I know you and say, John, you're in the wrong.

As a friend.

Well, I think that you are painting this picture of Guy Fieri as something to just wield against me.

And I feel like you have, I feel like you're justifying.

Is that true, Tim?

This is incongruous.

Is it about something else?

Well, no, this is incongruous to anything that you have ever held dear.

And my friend Tim Heidecker doesn't defend people like Guy Fieri.

He goes after them.

He is a punk rock comedian, all anti-comic, anti-shady side of flip side of comedy.

You've gone so far around comedy that it's like you've come around to something different.

Yeah, exactly.

It's like you're doing drama.

Guy Fieri is the kind of get off my lawn, god damn.

Wait, John, explain the get off my lawn.

What are you, who is on whose lawn?

Are you saying, how much negativity can you carry around on your shoulders on a daily basis, John Daly?

Why don't you let go of it?

Yeah, my name is Daly.

Why don't you let go of it and stop using internet social platforms to spew hatred and cause?

I put a thing online.

I said Guy Fieri is a piece of shit.

You're a piece of shit.

Hey, fuck you, man.

No, don't call me a guy.

Seriously, he is.

No, you're a piece of shit, man.

Calm it down.

Fuck you.

Calm it down.

Fuck you.

This is, by the way, if you're just listening to the show for the first time, this is not what this show is about, where I'm not a shocking disc jockey.

I.

A shock jock.

You can say shock jock.

You don't have to say shocking disc jockey.

What do you mean?

Jesus Christ.

I mean a shocking disc.

John, now your attitude is starting to cheese me off.

Do you understand what I'm saying here, Scott?

I mean, I'm looking at this and looking at.

Well, maybe I'm tea.

Maybe I'm tea.

All of a sudden, I can't say what I need to say as the host of this show?

Come on, man.

You're going to have a heart.

John.

You come in here, you puncture the reality, let everyone know it's Halloween.

Listen, oh, yeah, yeah, John, you're correcting.

Oh, that's like really hard veneer that you really set up.

Don't break your reality.

Listen, John.

What?

You're going to have a heart attack.

I'm telling you.

You're going to be careful.

You got to chill, man.

I have a heart attack if it gets me out of this conversation.

Well, no, listen.

I'm going to tell you.

You got to tone it down.

You got to tamp this down.

Guys, I feel like you guys are ganging up on me and I think it's bullshit.

I just want to be a fucking host.

Or sorry, a guest.

You want to?

Oh, really?

I want to be a guest.

That's what this is about?

I want to be a guest on your show.

But I would do a good job if you ever need a fill in.

OK, sure, John.

I have stuff going on.

Sure, John.

But I would love to do it at some point.

OK, that's what this is about.

I understand.

Listen, John, I just think you should think before you tweet when you start making these accusations.

Wait five seconds.

Count to five.

Count to five before you tweet.

Well, I will, and then I will tweet Guy Fieri is a piece of shit, exclamation point.

It's a fact.

We're never going to figure this one out.

Who else is your new dalliance with defending?

No new anything.

I've always felt strongly about him.

I always thought he was a good guy.

So let's go back 25 years, Tim.

Let's go back 25 years to when you first discovered.

Tell me the moment you first discovered Guy Fieri, 25 years .

What year are we talking about?

We're talking about 1978.

What year is that?

Do you have it even readily available?

The year in your mind?

You're still thinking about it.

You're still thinking.

1988.

Yes.

1988.

All right.

Yes.

1988.

I was in my family and I were in, we had vacation in the Jersey Shore and Wildwood, New Jersey.

In fact.

This is before the MTV show, obviously.

Well, yeah, obviously.

Situation is a born you.

It's just a thing that people would get into at this point.

Yeah, I was 12 years older, however old.

Anyhow, we were at a diner.

What kind of diner?

Is this just your typical American classic?

It was an American classic, American classic diner.

And Jersey.

Yeah, and the guy that ran the place came out and he introduced himself.

He said, my name is Guy Fieri and I hope you guys are enjoying yourself.

And I said, this is fantastic.

This is in 1988 in New Jersey.

Yes.

And he was the chef at this diner?

He said it was Guy Fieri?

Owner of the place.

Yeah, because his real name is not Guy Fieri.

Was this when he came up with the pseudonym Guy Fieri?

I have no idea.

All I know is he came out and said, I hope you guys are enjoying the food.

So he was nice to you once in the way that anyone would be nice?

Any waiter would say that.

And then he said his name.

He could go back behind there and murder everybody.

You don't know what.

No, I don't.

John, come on, man.

Come on.

If you could put it on hold for one second.

Yeah, your whole life is.

Seriously, if this were a phone.

I'm steamed.

If this were a phone, press the hold button.

Right, but I'm just trying to.

Put that on hold.

That was my experience.

Scott Aukerman miming is not a pretty sight.

And this is what I'm trying to say here.

I'm just trying to express myself.

You knew what I was trying to do.

Whoa.

OK, that's passive aggression.

But you're negative.

And I heard you sing that.

I'm calling it out.

Well, I'm calling you out for calling it out.

People, this is a fun show.

People don't listen for hostility.

No, it's not.

Not fun right now.

This is not smooth.

Not fun.

I'm sorry, man.

But I'm going to have to kick you off.

I have some things I'd love to talk about.

That's why I came in here.

You know, John.

I'm not leaving.

OK.

John, I'm afraid you are going to leave.

I'm not leaving.

You are going to leave because this is not what this show is about.

I don't also like coming on the show and having another guest come in here and call bullshit on things I'm talking about.

I'm sorry.

I know that I didn't.

I thought it would be a nice surprise.

I like to come in here and have a guest that is debunking everything I say, even though it's the truth.

I like people who don't just come up with a lie and then base a whole little passive aggressive, just so they don't have to own up to it.

You're not owning up to anything, right?

You're not revealing that.

What am I supposed to own up to?

I'm just being honest.

No, you're not.

John, I've warned you, man.

You just lied.

Guy Fieri's name was not Guy Fieri.

Yes, it was.

I don't know what his.

Google it.

Google it right now.

John, I've warned you.

I'm afraid I'm going to have to ask you to leave.

I'm sorry.

I'm not leaving.

You're going to have to leave.

No.

I'm going to take a break, and we are going to get rid of you.

No.

I'm going to be back.

I'm going to be back for the halfway point, because we've got to resolve this.

I'm not the best friend of the show, but I can't have you acting like this.

The best friend of the show.

You are probably the show's best friend.

But I can't have.

BFF.

You know what I'm talking about, right?

We all need to calm down.

We need to take a breath.

Absolutely.

And just remember that we're all friends here, and that we may disagree about something that, yes, is important, but we can get past it.

It's like politics.

I don't even want to bring up politics at this point.

Oh, boy.

Boy.

Well.

OK.

Yeah, well.

I'm here with a couple of lefty loons here.

No, not so much.

Yeah, Tim's revealing this new side of himself.

I'm not going to get into it.

Let's not get into it.

Let's drop it.

Can you guys agree to disagree, or at least just disagree?

I only want to.

I mean, I will go, just because I don't really.

I mean, Tim is just, I mean.

I don't want to.

And he's just being purposelessly, without purpose, being purposelessly confrontational.

I am not being confrontational.

Yes, you are.

Are you fucking crazy?

You're the first one who said, fuck you.

Fuck you.

Rewind the tape.

Who cares?

Let's say, fuck you.

Fuck me, fuck you.

Well, then, whatever.

I'm not being purpose.

All I'm doing is defending a guy's honor.

Also, I don't think you can get upset at someone saying fuck you anymore.

OK, we all say fuck you all the time.

No, it's just like, come on.

You know what I mean?

It's like saying, come on, guy.

Would you say it if your mother was around, or your parents ?

I'd say it if your parents were around.

Well, that's horrible.

Let me go on record here.

We're recording this.

This is on the radio.

I only want the best for John Daly.

I only want the best for John.

Shut up for a second while I get this thought out.

I want him to be honest with himself.

I want the best for John Daly.

I think he's in his heart deep down.

He's a good guy.

He doesn't know how to express that online.

And that's my only issue.

Would you guys do me a favor?

Disgusting.

Would you look at each other and say something positive about each other?

He's wearing sunglasses.

I can't even see into his eyes.

Take off your sunglasses if you could, John.

Look directly.

They're off.

Look directly into Tim's eyes and tell him something nice.

You know?

Tim, I think you're a good guy deep down.

And.

You don't have to say deep down, by the way.

You just say he's a good guy.

You're trying to say that underneath this layer of bulk.

Hey, can I have an uninterrupted moment?

I'm sorry.

I just, you know.

All right.

Tim, I think you're a good guy deep down.

I love you like a brother.

And I hope that you can find some way to be honest enough with yourself.

Don't turn a compliment into a slam.

Just end on the compliment.

I pray for you.

I pray that you can find a way.

I'll take what I can get.

Tim, will you say something nice to John Daly here?

Sure.

It's going to be real sweet.

Recently verified on Twitter.

So this is a big week for him.

I think I just did say something, and he kind of ripped me off with it, where I said deep down, I said, I wish John the best.

I think he's a good guy deep down.

He just needs to express himself with more compassion towards other people out there.

Again, that's not really a compliment.

I think you told me that 25 years ago when I saw you at a seaside diner down when the situation was just something you'd get into way back when.

I'll tell you.

I understand what you're saying.

I'll say something completely positive about John Daly.

He's a great guy.

Oh, well.

That's what I mean.

Thanks for that.

He can be, well, I forget.

I was going to say he could be even better if he just.

No, see, this is what I'm talking about.

I'll say something genuinely positive about Tim.

Please.

Tim, you're a good guy deep down.

See, it's hard to do.

It's hard to do.

It's hard when you're mad at someone just to give someone a compliment.

But here's how it works.

Let me say something about both of you.

Tim, I find your brand of comedy to be very entertaining to me.

OK?

And John, whatever it is you're doing right now, I think the listeners will find it interesting.

Wow.

Not a compliment.

No, I just complimented both of you in the way that you're supposed to compliment people.

Just say something nice and leave it there.

Wow.

All right.

Well, I'll take it.

Thank you.

I guess I'll take it too.

OK, great.

All right, guys, can we take a break?

Speaking of taking things?

All right, please.

OK, let's try to calm down.

Let's listen to these commercials.

Certainly.

Get into the mindset of the products that we're trying to talk about.

It's November.

November rain.

We talked about it earlier.

Let's calm it down.

When we come back.

Shopping season begins, right?

Exactly.

We'll have more John Daly.

We'll have more Tim Heidecker.

It's not.

Oh, god.

All right, we'll be right back.

Comedy Bang Bang.

We're back here with Tim Heidecker.

Unfortunately, John Daly.

God, that was a nasty scene.

I apologize to the listener about the scene before the break.

But during the break, that was even worse.

Last time I bring Guy Fieri up with John Daly, for sure.

You know what, that's a lesson, definitely.

Don't bring up Guy Fieri to John Daly.

I know.

You know what I mean?

That should be.

It's like Guy Fieri killed six million Jews or something.

It's like, hey, Guy Fieri, let's not talk about it.

No.

You know?

Yeah.

You know what I mean?

In future conversations, of course.

It's like he's not exactly Saddam Hussein.

Yeah.

You know?

Get over it, John.

As far as I'm concerned.

Get a life.

Yeah, exactly.

But anyway, he's gone.

So it's just the two of us.

Yeah.

I want to apologize to everyone.

But let's have a nice chat, you and I, Tim, because we didn't really get to talk.

It's been a long time since I've been on the show.

I realize that.

It has been.

It's been a long time.

You're a listener fave.

And I always love hearing about your prodiges that you get up to.

You have the Woody Allen.

What was it called?

Hong Kong?

Ching Chong Matinee.

Which only, I guess I didn't realize this when we were shooting it, but that was only intended to come out in China.

So it never came out here.

It came and went already.

Because I went to the Blue Jasmine thinking, wow.

Because you know, he just changed the name and everything.

But it was a completely different.

He had come back and made that movie in the meantime.

So that was kind of a bummer.

So maybe I'll go to China and see that or whatever.

Is it still playing, really?

I don't know.

I think check into it before you book that trip.

Right.

I'll look on their version of Fandango.

What is that called?

Ah, Fandango.

Chang Fandoe or something.

Something like that.

I'm sure it is.

Yeah, I'll just start typing it.

It's probably an honorable website, though.

Yeah.

So Tim, what are your new prodiges?

Because I'm really into your work and everything that you have.

Well, I've got this, what is it?

Yeah, it's been about a month now.

I've been back from New York.

It's November 4th.

We can go back to that now that John's gone.

Yeah, right.

Don't have to pretend like.

And I don't know how much I'm allowed to talk about this.

But basically all summer into the fall, I've been shooting on G4.

The cable network?

No.

I'm sorry.

Godfather IV.

What?

Yeah.

Godfather IV?

Yeah.

Meaning a true sequel to Godfathers I, II, and III?

That's right.

Yeah.

I guess it's finished shooting.

I pretty much wrapped.

What?

This is incredible.

This is a major scoop.

I don't think that this has penetrated the mainstream or lame stream media yet.

I think it was in the trades and stuff that we were shooting it.

I'm pretty sure.

I don't think so, too.

I think you may have just let a bomb out here.

That's incredible.

Who do you?

I should check with my agent if I'm allowed.

She said I could talk about it.

OK, maybe text her while this goes on.

No, no.

I mean, it's out now.

So we can just go get into it.

So wait a minute.

Pacino died at the end of III.

He's out.

Well, he's in.

Well, I shouldn't say he's out.

His character is still in there.

And he plays an interesting role as a well.

Should I?

Can I get into this story or not?

Please.

I would love to hear about this.

Because this isn't really a comedy podcast.

Not a lot of.

Yeah, no drama fans listen to this.

Yeah, it's all people who just love comedy.

Totally separate audiences.

Well, Pacino comes back playing Michael Corleone as a ghost who advises the family.

He's the consigliere, like consul ghosty?

He is unofficial.

No, it's taken very seriously.

I know it sounds kind of silly.

But they kind of handle it really cool.

Robert Zemeckis is the director.

So he's added sort of this very interesting level of sophistication with the special effects.

OK, yeah.

And I'm playing Sonny Corleone.

Sonny.

The part originally played by.

Jimmy Khan?

James Khan.

So you're a ghost as well?

No.

This is, man, I don't know how much I'm supposed to talk about this.

OK.

It's a time travel thing.

So wait, so the ghost of Michael Corleone is advising the family who then time travels?

Well, the movie is, it's like, you know how Godfather II was sort of two movies?

Sure.

Two sort of broken up movies?

Oh, I see.

It's not time, then is it time travel?

Or is it?

One of the movies is sort of a time travel thing.

OK, so in one of the movies, you're starting in, I would imagine, the 80s?

No, it's like 2300.

2300, OK.

200 years in the future.

OK, and then you're, so Michael Corleone is still advising the descendants of the original Corleone family?

No, that's the second movie, is the ghost, is the Pacino ghost.

OK, so the first one is Godfather 2300.

Right, where Sonny Corleone, who I play, comes from the past into the future.

So when he was shot in that toll booth by all those guns, was, I, here's, and this is what I would guess is the storyline, right before the bullets hit him, he was transported to 2300.

No.

Do you remember the scene in Godfather I where he's having sex with the bridesmaid and the, you know, and everyone's looking for him?

That's when he transports into 200 years.

Oh, OK.

During his orgasm.

So it's during the orgasm, and then after the events that happen in 2300, he's transported back to the wedding?

Correct.

Wow, this, OK, great.

The second half of the movie, as it's broken up, is the Pacino ghost stuff that I'm not in.

OK.

But, uh.

Why wouldn't they get Jimmy Khan, then, to be, because he's too old for Sonny now?

Yeah, it wouldn't make sense.

You sort of look like Jimmy Khan.

You're not going to believe what Zemeckis and the makeup team did with the makeup.

Why wouldn't they get Scott Khan from Entourage?

He turned it down.

Oh, why would you turn this down?

This is like the Khan legacy.

Well, there's a lot of controversy.

This is the long Khan.

I know, it's a lot of controversy.

The Coppola family has disavowed the whole project.

Oh, OK.

So they've said anybody.

The entire family?

The whole, well, I don't know.

Is this Sophia?

This is Roman?

Uh-huh.

Is this like the cousins?

Is this like Jason Schwartzman?

All that matters is what the main Francis Ford thinks.

OK, but when you say the family.

In no way should this be a part of the Godfather family.

I'm like, oh, oops.

Hey, but you know.

Is this the right time to come in?

What?

Hello?

Oh my god, it's Bill Cosby?

It's Bill Cosby.

Boop, boop, boop, Boop, Boop, Cosby.

Bill Cosby, Boop, Cosby, we haven't seen you in so long.

Well, he haven't asked me to be on the show in a while.

I didn't ask you today either.

He didn't ask me today.

He didn't ask me.

I just couldn't keep from coming in, because I heard Tim talking about the G4, and now it's.

You know about G4?

G4, man.

Yeah, man.

I read the trades.

Are you involved in this project at all?

No, man.

I'm just a movie fan.

Yeah.

I got Bill Cosby, bukowski.com, and we post the reviews.

Well, it's great to meet you, and sort of seeing you again.

We've not met before.

I think we have met a while ago.

It's good to see you again.

We met a little bit ago.

Yeah.

It's a fun time.

For the listeners who don't know what's going on, Bill Cosby Bukowski is, he's been on the show before, and he is, he's not Bill Cosby.

I'm a cool guy with a cool attitude, and it's not rude, but I'm going to get you to be friends with me, yeah.

I'm going to get you to be friends with me.

Yeah.

He's not Bill Cosby.

He's not Charles Bukowski.

He's Bill Cosby Bukowski.

Bill Cosby Bukowski, Scotty boy.

And we still have, I don't know exactly what you are.

I am.

Are you?

I'm an American.

So you're from this country, and you're from this earth?

I'm from this earth.

I'm from this country.

I'm the Joloan Laureate of the United States, and I will be, well, you may know me from my Joloams, but I, you know.

We've heard several Joloams.

Travel the country.

People probably wouldn't know you from traveling the country.

My parents as well.

I do.

I hitch on boxcars.

Not a lot of people hanging out in these boxcars, so they would probably know you more from your Joloams.

No, well, I don't know.

I don't know.

Hopefully the Joloams have gotten out there.

But maybe you've touched some lives in these boxcars.

Who's to say?

I hope so.

Do you have a Joloam for us?

Well, you know, I could do.

Off the top of your dome?

I put one off the dome.

OK.

Certainly.

Do you know what Joloams are?

Yes.

Poems.

Jello poems.

Don't wait for me to know.

Joloams.

Why?

What's going on?

What are you doing?

He's checking his phone.

That's what I was doing, doing.

Godfather said, do people want less of me, or do they want more of me?

And then I came in.

I'm just dealing with this shitstorm here.

Oh, your agent?

Agent says, absolutely do not bring up G4.

Oh.

So.

Uh-oh.

All right, well.

Mine said, constantly bring it up.

We can just not tell her that you did, right?

Well, I just want to add to that whole thing is that it's just a joke.

I used to love it.

It's just funny.

Yeah, I just made it up.

Yeah, that's why there's no info about it all.

Well, I just think that I'm in it, but not for real, almost as a joke.

Like, I came up with it as a silly story.

OK, we'll just say that.

Yeah, it's a silly story.

You mean The Godfather 4?

Yeah, I mean, I just don't want to say that it's a real thing.

No, it's just silly.

This is a comedy podcast, and you're a comedian, so you probably were exaggerating or making a story.

Yeah, I'm not even in it, and it's not even a thing that's out.

So who cares?

Obviously.

I'm not even Bill Cosby, because, I mean, this is John Daly.

What?

Wait a minute now.

So, artifice gone.

OK, and it is Halloween.

I know you guys love Bill Cosby Bukowski, and, you know.

He's great.

It's one of the all-time most popular characters on this.

Give us the chocolate cake.

That is great, give us the chocolate cake.

Exactly.

Good to have you back, John, and I just want to also say, speaking of jokes, that whole segment before about Guy Fieri, that was totally made up too.

Totally made up too.

And this is actually neither November 4th nor Halloween.

We actually recorded this back in January.

That's right.

This is a January.

It's New Year's Eve.

We are pretty used to it.

We are predicting the future about Guy Fieri and his fight.

Yeah, I mean, who knows what he'll do on this day.

Who knows?

Who cares?

We don't care.

We have no stake in this game.

They'll think about cooking and food at some point.

Some people say, when they ask about this show, because I've been on it a few times, they say, it feels like you guys are not working off of a script.

And I say, we are.

Yeah, that G4 thing was really tight, and I thought my Bill Cosby Bukowski bit was like the interruption was at the perfect point.

We worked on that so hard, and I just hope that people appreciate it.

You know?

Yeah, we're not writing this.

We're not just dicking around and fucking off.

That's not what this show is about.

We are trying to put out professional comedy on a weekly basis that we work on.

Big shout out to the writers who never get credit.

They never get credit.

Yeah, big shout out.

You know what?

I also want to give a big shout out to the tech crew.

Without them, you know?

Thanks, Avik.

They make it all happen.

Yeah.

I'm happy to be here, and this has been great.

This is great.

We're all friends, too.

That's the other thing.

The great thing about it is when friends can get together like this, we have busy lives.

That's safe to say, right?

Like, we have proj's going on.

I mean, a lot of different.

Proj's, all kinds of shit.

Obviously, obviously G4 is a joke.

I made that up on the way over here.

It's fun to make things up.

I thought that was really good.

I thought it was really funny.

It's a funny idea.

Yeah, yeah.

It's a funny idea.

And Bill Cosby Bukowski's a funny idea.

I didn't want to do it.

All right.

You know why?

I didn't want to do it.

I mean, go back to my thing.

But why is it funny?

Why is the idea of Godfather IV funny?

I don't know.

Well, first of all, Godfather III was not a success.

Sure.

So why would they do another one?

That, the idea of them even doing another one.

But then to compound on that, what would I be doing in Godfather IV?

It's ridiculous.

But at the level you're at right now, you could be in.

Because you're a really good actor.

You were great in the comedy.

Thank you.

You were great in the comedy.

So what if they did?

Not if talking.

They did.

Sofia Coppola sees the comedy.

Let's just say she's in.

Why wouldn't she?

She's on Netflix.

She takes a look.

She's fine.

I'm sure that she sees every movie.

She's Sofia Coppola.

It was a lauded film.

It was in Sundance.

It was a Sundance film festival.

Why wouldn't she see it?

Go ahead.

She tells, she's in there looking for a guy, say, to play, you could play Tom in Godfather.

All of a sudden she starts looking at you going, you know what?

Tom Hayden, huh?

This has got my wheels returning.

You're Tom Hayden because you don't have an Italian look.

But I could believe that you're a young Tom Hayden.

I am Irish descent, which is as you know, Tom.

And what if it's a reboot?

What if it's a, so she goes to Frankie.

Why can't they retell the Godfather story with a young, fresh cast?

Yes.

I agree.

It'd be interesting.

Why are they trying to block this film?

By the way, when the original Godfather came out, when the original Godfather came out, none of those guys were movie stars when they came out.

And no.

They're a bunch of nobodies.

And no one thought that film would be any good.

No.

Jimmy Khan was uncommonly not famous.

First of all, Francis Ford Coppola, they all expected it to be a bomb.

All of a sudden, guess what?

Nine months later, knock, knock, knock, who's calling?

It's Oscar.

That's right.

Academy Awards all around for this film.

And then they said, let's make another one.

That was a huge success.

That was even better some say.

A lot of people say it's the Empire Strikes Back of.

And then what was it?

1989 or some shit year they come out of that third one?

Fuck that movie.

Nice try, asshole.

Go back to the drawing board, bullshit artist.

Didn't work.

You Know What You Gotta Get is one of those toilet flushing sound effects.

Yeah, we'll talk about Godfather.

Oh, whoosh.

You Know What You Gotta Get is not Andy Garcia.

Joe Montoya, fuck you.

What I'm trying to say is.

Fuck you.

That first one was not going to be a hit.

Everyone thought it was going to fail.

The book was terrible.

And yet they pulled it out.

So why should what you're saying even be a joke?

Like why can't it be true?

Why can't I do it?

Why can't somebody out there do G4?

And I think, well, yeah.

I mean, it's funny to call it G4.

That's the other part.

Well, that's the.

What was funny to me is that.

What is it, a tech?

What is it, a show about apps or something?

Or what is it, a plane or some kind of jet?

What was funny to me was how you were calling it by a nickname before ever introducing what it was called.

That was humorous to me.

Right, well, that was sort of this pompous attitude of like , oh, Mr. Guy only speaks in acronyms.

I like that.

And if this were a TV show, we'd be getting emails from the network about that G4 show we call here.

She'd just come out with Godfather.

But can I say?

Yeah.

What's great about podcasting is no emails from the network .

This is all just exactly what we want to do.

There's absolutely no net either.

No filter, hashtag no net.

There's no net.

And people are going to say, well, of course, you guys must have some way to get out of this.

No, we don't.

We're just making it all up.

No net.

I don't see a net.

I'm not falling back on anything.

This is not scripted.

We're paving this.

See, I even made the joke that it was scripted.

Everybody knows that I was joking.

Let's get rid of everything.

The truth is it's not scripted, and we have no idea what we're talking about right now.

I don't talk to Scott about what I'm going to talk about.

I don't even see John Daly in my real life and outside of the world.

I see him once every three months or something.

Once every three months, whenever I happen to email someone and go, hey, do you want to do a podcast?

And they go, I don't know.

We don't see each other.

We see each other in podcasts.

I also don't get a dime for doing this.

No.

I have to park on my own outside on the street.

I got to worry about getting.

I was parking for you.

Mine was $2.

Luckily, thank God I found a spot on the street.

It was actually pretty fucking hard to find a spot.

Yeah, it normally is.

I like to do podcasts, but it is free.

And I'm happy to get myself out there.

My character's like Bill Cosby, Bukowski.

And the people fucking listening to this are listening to it for free.

Sure, they had to buy their computers or their whatevers to get it.

A lot of people don't think about that.

That's a big cost.

Sure, but you can use that for word processing or internet access.

Computers these days are like $1,700.

If you tried to amortize that over word processing, you're going to have trouble.

Listen, I have a computer.

I have a great computer.

I'm not going to disk computers or talk about computers.

We don't know it.

We're not here to do that.

I have a great computer.

I use it all the time, and it's fine.

But it's great to just come out here and get the word out about projects that have coming up like betas on Amazon.

Go ahead, talk about it.

Amazon is putting out two new shows, Alpha House with John Goodman and Betas, and that's my new show.

Everyone's going Amazon, but that's where I get this detergent from.

What are they doing making TV shows?

That's fantastic.

But hey, everybody, thanks so much.

Thanks so much.

Yeah, it's one of the flagships of Amazon's new network.

It's unbelievable, John.

And I know that you're only an actor in it, but that's terrific.

Just an actor in it, didn't write it.

Also in Secret Life of Walter Mitty, the new Ben Stiller movie.

There you go.

It's a Ben Stiller movie coming out right at the Christmas movie.

It looks like Oscar.

It looks amazing.

Unbelievable trailer I saw in the theater before gravity.

Thanks so much.

Yeah, before gravity.

Great.

Looks like a great movie.

I saw a picture of you there on the red carpet with the.

With Sean Penn.

Sean Penn.

I mean, unbelievable stuff for you.

Forget about it.

And then Kroll Show season two, that's coming out in January.

And that's why we do this is to let people know about the paying projects that we do do.

Yeah.

The paying projects.

This is all like.

Feed into the podcast.

It's all a bunch of mind games.

It's a podcast feed into.

It's a mind game that we're playing with you, the listener.

We don't care if you listen.

Well.

We don't care if you like it.

We're trying to get you to buy the next thing.

I don't care if you like me.

Yeah, go to the store.

Oh, by the way, what's up?

By the way, when I started doing this, I wasn't.

Oh, I hope everybody likes me.

No, I'm trying to self-expression.

Yeah, well, that's a big part of self-expression.

And let's and I know we've been we've been doing kind of a bit for a little bit of this.

But honestly, that is why I do the show is because I have something inside of me that I want to get out.

That's amazing for you to say that.

And it's really feels fearless.

It feels brave.

I don't I disagree.

I think it's fearless.

It's well, really, you're going to disagree with how brave in favor of fearless.

All right, well.

I hope you guys can find some common ground on this issue because I don't know if you're not that far off, to be honest.

I just wouldn't have said brave.

I would have said fearless.

I did.

But I mean, honestly, why do you like it?

And let's cut it down.

Let's cut it down to the real.

Why do you guys do what you do?

Because I need I just need to do it.

It's just it's.

But would you do it if you knew that there would never be any money in it?

You're getting a good paycheck, John, for betas.

Sure.

Would you do those?

Do it if you if you didn't have.

Oh, yeah, you want to talk about how much money we make.

We can.

That's great.

Let's put it on the table, baby.

I'll hook you up with my personal accountant, baby.

Oh, baby.

Let's get my Excel spreadsheet set up.

We've talked about your accountant on this show before.

That may have been a bit.

I don't know.

But what, John, would you do what you do?

Yes.

If you knew absolutely that you would never make that much money at it.

Hey, listen.

Yes.

You would.

It's the most I am it brings me joy.

And I have passion.

It brings others joy is what I'll say.

It brings others joy.

People love John Daly.

Bringing others joy and spreading love and getting love, you know.

That's what the world's all about.

It's what the world's all about.

Hopefully I can make the world a better place.

Man is not meant to be singular creatures.

You know what I mean?

Man is meant to share their lives with other people.

And that's what you do so well is you put yourself out there.

Yes.

Constantly on Twitter.

Yeah, why not?

Some would say you tweet too much.

Some would say that they're probably annoyed by following you.

Some would not care.

You know, but a lot of people probably do.

And they probably don't care.

A lot of people do care and say, hey, maybe rein it in.

Oh, you would say that?

Are you trying to tell me to not tweet so much?

I'm not trying to say anything.

I'm a fan of yours.

I'm trying to say others would take a look at it and maybe judge it.

And those people can go to hell.

Wow, that's a great.

That's a horrible.

I created a circular, passive-aggressive way to say.

I co-created a pretty exciting thing last year with John Daly, 230 PST.

230 PST.

Really a lot of fun.

It's 11 kicking.

That's a great, well, who knows.

But it's a great example of something done purely for the joy of self-expression.

Purely for the joy of doing something different, off the beaten path, and just really believing in ourselves .

Yeah.

We weren't making any money.

No.

It was just a crazy idea.

But at the same time, some people would say, hey, you know what, I like 230 PST so much, I'm going to pay to see John Daly when he comes into my town and does his one-man show.

I'm going to pay.

Don't hurt.

That don't hurt.

Doesn't hurt.

I'm going to pay for Tim and Eric at the movies on iTunes.

Getting out there online doesn't hurt.

No.

It hasn't hurt me.

Dirt don't hurt.

You know what I mean?

So guys, I think you actually are doing really, really well .

And I think you're doing great, too.

I think this is a perfect outlet for you to express yourself.

I think stick with the podcasts.

Keep doing these podcasts.

Now, hold on, hold on, hold on.

Because I take umbrage with one bit of what you just said, Tim, which is I have a TV show called the same thing that a lot of people like.

Some people say, hey, you know what, it's no good.

The podcast is better.

Right.

But you.

I didn't know about the TV show.

I have to just point of order at this point.

I've been on the TV show twice.

And I didn't know about it.

I've only been on it once.

You have been on it.

And so you do know about it.

And your production company produces it.

And my production company produces it.

Oh, that's how you got on.

I forget that I know about it.

You forget that you know about it.

But why are you trying to say stick to the podcast?

Do you deal with a lot of emails?

I think that, yes, we have to shut down our email services.

Well, this point.

This is another thing that isn't, it's not true.

Oh.

OK.

I get it.

Listen, I'm kidding about.

Well, this podcast is horror.

This is just terrible.

I just want to say this is not going well right now.

The one that we're doing right now?

Yeah, this is, I don't know where we went.

But.

Why?

I thought it was good.

I thought it got very positive.

I think we're getting real.

I think it's positive.

But can we just change the subject or something?

I'm just going to tell you what.

It is getting a little like, dick sucky.

Yeah, it's like, what are you guys talking about?

Look, we like each other.

Is that so wrong?

We're fans of each other's work.

But it doesn't necessarily make for interesting listening.

Yeah, but look, we're not good.

We're friends.

We can be friends and like each other's work, right?

Like, I can watch betas and go, John, that's a great show.

I would watch it even if you weren't on.

It comes out November 22.

Yeah, it comes out November 22.

Like, is that a dick suck for me to say that to my friend?

Absolutely not.

But I think John does make a good point that it's probably not the most interesting thing to listen to.

John is not making this point.

You keep making this point, Tim.

I was making the point that just then in the podcast, I thought that was a real energy dip and I just wanted to call it out.

It kind of just bummed me out.

OK, but what is your issue here, Tim?

Because in my opinion, like, this podcast has been really good.

And the mere fact that I give someone a compliment shouldn't, like, mean that all of a sudden we have a dipping quality.

Well, I think it's funny that John is on a show called Bet as because this podcast episode should be called Metas.

Because it's becoming very, it's eating itself from the inside.

It's eating its own tail.

I think we're all contributing to that.

We're all contributing.

Obviously.

I mean, obviously no one here is working against that.

Did you almost say obviously?

Did you just pick up a New York accent?

Were you trying to say absolutely?

I must have picked it up when I was back in New York making G4.

Oh, that's on location in New York?

Or New York for New Jersey?

We shot a lot of New York.

In the bit you shot in New York.

Right.

Because this is a bit.

Still a bit, yes.

Still a bit.

Great.

We'll tell you what, guys.

Let's take another break.

When we come back, we're going to strip away just any kind of irony.

Yes.

Any kind of bit.

And we're just going to be totally real people.

How's that sound?

Are we going to play games?

We'll play a game.

Tell you what.

That might be the thing to shake off some of this stuff.

That'll shake it up.

OK.

Let's get the cobwebs of Halloween out of here.

All right.

Let's take a break.

We'll be right back with Comedy Bang Bang.

Yay.

Bum-bum-bum-bum.

Bum-bum-bum-bum-bum.

Comedy Bang Bang.

We're back with Tim Heidecker, back with John Daly.

And we did it.

We listened to that commercial.

And we just kind of decided to be real here.

So hey.

What's up?

Hey, buddy.

Thanks for listening.

And thanks for coming back to the show.

And good to be here.

Yeah.

Thanks for being here, guys.

It's really cool that you guys came to the show.

Fan of the show and good to be here.

Great to be here.

Cool.

So let's play a game.

Yeah.

Which game should we play?

Tic Tac Toe.

Just kidding.

That's a visual game.

Hold on.

I'm the one who says what the games are.

Pardon me.

OK.

So I know it's a joke.

Tic Tac Toe.

It's funny.

How would we play Tic Tac Toe?

But let's shut that down right now and just let me.

Yeah.

Let's kill the irony.

Let's kill it.

The irony factor's bugging me out.

We can kill the irony, but we can still be humorous.

We can be humorous people.

Joke around, obviously.

Obviously.

Like, what's a good joke?

Oh, I don't know, jokes.

Well, let's just find one.

Let's keep going.

Well, that was my, I mean, obviously, we're not going to play Tic Tac Toe.

That was a joke.

But still, at the same time, Tim, at the same time, I'm the guy who says what the games are.

So when you start saying what the game is, even though people know you're joking, it gets confusing for the listener.

OK.

Fair enough.

I'm going to come up with a compromise here.

How about we try and do our best to play Tic Tac Toe X?

Upper left X.

Oh, I guess that's true.

We could do it.

How do you do it?

Hold on a second.

Let's defer to Scott.

Well, or we could say upper left X.

OK, I'll say center O.

Well, now, the problem is there's three of us, and I don't think three people can play Tic Tac Toe.

Side right X.

So now I'm sitting out on the end.

Well, you got winner.

Upper middle O.

Oh, right or left, left middle X.

I think we've stumbled on a good game here.

Middle O.

Oh, lower left corner X Tic Tac Toe.

I don't think so.

I think so.

I don't believe so.

I was keeping track, and you did not.

I was keeping track, and I'm right.

I just got Tic Tac Toe.

You did not.

All right.

Well.

This is why we can't play this.

Well, hold on.

Even though I may have lost that game of Tic Tac Toe or won , we just set a record for playing that game.

On a podcast, no one has ever done it.

It's over up top, buddy.

So I think that's pretty good.

Somehow I'm not getting any credit for it, even though it was my idea.

OK, go ahead.

But John and I played it.

See, that's the thing.

Well, see, it was your idea, but it was a throwaway garbage idea.

A lot of people have a lot of ideas, too.

I made it into a fun mitigation of your.

So was the polio vaccine a joke?

Hey, you know what?

The ancient Grecians were probably like, oh, it would be cool to fly.

But you know who did it?

The Wright brothers.

There you go.

Yeah.

We're the Wright brothers of playing Tic Tac Toe on a podcast.

We're the wrong brothers.

Hey, man.

That is not good.

Now, that's the kind of joking around that I find exactly.

OK, you're right.

I did laugh at it.

Well, thank you very much.

I enjoyed that.

A wee bit of enjoying that right over here.

Yes.

All right, guys, let's play a little game that we like to call Would You Rather.

Mm-hmm.

OK.

All right, it's time to play Would You Rather.

And I have two experts at the game.

Right in front of me, we have John Daly on the left.

Tim, me, H on the right.

Hello, hello.

Tim, you were on tour with me last year.

And you played this every single night.

And you were one of the best.

And people remember you from that tour and just like.

Fond memories myself.

Some good memories.

Yeah.

Good times.

Remember that?

Remember sitting around in the Philadelphia airport for six hours trying to get our flight?

Oh, my lord.

Unbelievable.

Flight air travel these days is very difficult sometimes.

I was once in the Newark airport for three days.

It was a time called snowpocalypse.

What?

I don't know.

If you'll recall, about three winters ago, there was a snowpocalypse.

I don't know.

Whew.

I can almost picture it.

Yeah.

I mean, the visual cues are helping me with that.

But OK, guys, we all know how this is played.

This is People Send Me Would You Rather Scenarios to the comedy bing bong Would You Rather Twitter, which is at CBBYR.

Don't send them to me personally because they'll get put in the would you rather pile, which unlike a wood pile, which is filled with a lot of wood that you're going to use, it is a pile of discarded would you rather scenarios.

I'm sorry for the confusion regarding the name of the would you rather pile because it's very similar to wood pile, which gets very confusing for people.

But if you send them to me, they get put in the would you rather pile, which is a pile of discarded would you rather scenarios.

OK, so send them to CBBYR, comedy bing bong would you rather.

So here we go.

I'll know are all these fan written.

These are all fan written.

Every single one I've ever done on the show is fan written.

Oh, so and that's and you know what.

That's called farming it out and outsourcing to the fans, you know, getting them involved.

And that's what you have to do these days because social media.

I'd like to put the social part back in it.

You know what I mean.

Good idea.

A lot of people are good at the media part of it.

You know, like writing tweets or a lot of tweets every single day.

Too many.

Hey, it's not every day that you write lots of tweets.

But hey, I like to put the social back in it where I'm like, hey, you know what.

Thanks for your suggestion.

I just want to say something.

Yeah, I bring the heat with my tweets.

OK, I didn't know that.

OK.

All right, so this comes to us from Prozac Morrissey Prozac Morrissey good name.

Pretty, pretty funny.

I disagree.

What.

I'm just joking.

Goofing.

This is one of your fans.

Great.

Prozac Morrissey asks, would you rather get the lead role in a Broadway musical sympathetic to NAM BLA or spend 48 hours at Sean Hannity's apartment waiting for his Fios installation?

That's very simple.

Very easy.

Are you going to vote?

Yes.

You know, you.

OK, so there's questions, right?

I have to ask questions, but I think this is a pretty easy one, like.

Doi.

48 hours versus a very big commitment.

Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha.

But if you want to.

Prozac, Prozac really thought this one through.

Yeah, yeah.

Good question.

You really put us in a rock and a hard place.

Are you suggesting we change the name of this to Doi?

Yeah.

Doi.

But guys, guys, before we even begin to play.

Doi.

This just says get the lead role.

You don't have to take it.

I wouldn't want that lead role.

Meaning you wouldn't want to even like get an offer?

So Scott's saying we could get the offer and then refuse and go on with our merry own lives.

Yeah, not have to do the 48 hours.

Doi.

Oh, so you could just get the offer, get offered a role?

Doi.

Oh, well, that's OK.

Hey, guess the Doi is on the other foot.

Yeah.

Well.

I would actually still like to go to Sean Hannity's apartment and be there for 48 hours and experience that man's life and talk to him.

Yeah, get some writing done if you want.

You could do anything you want.

And he's probably got cool stuff in his apartment.

He's a rich guy.

Are you trying to tell me that if Sean Hannity and this is.

You could make calls.

Good coffee.

This is true.

And this is just like.

He's in New York, so I'll go see some friends.

Go to a Broadway show that's not about an ambulance.

That won't ever happen.

But if Sean Hannity were to reach out to you, Tim Heidecker, and say, hey, Tim, fan of your work.

I know you're probably not a fan of mine.

Sean Hannity's on Will and Grace, right?

No.

Sean Hannity is the Hannity and Combs, right?

Right.

Political guy.

Right.

I like Sean Hannity.

Yeah, OK.

So if he were to reach out to you to say, hey, you know what?

You probably have a lot going on.

48 hours, though.

You got free rein.

You can use the phone.

You can eat whatever's in the pantry.

What if you got to meet him?

Yeah, and that's part and parcel with what we're talking about.

Sean Hannity's there.

He's available to you.

I'm telling you, it's fine.

I'm on board.

You're on board.

So even if you do just get offered a thing that you turned down, that's just a blip in your life.

Going to Sean Hannity's house for 48 hours is a story that you can tell not only your children, but your grandchildren and their grandchildren.

Well, I'm not having grandchildren.

God, you're so good at this game.

You're not getting, you've decided, wow.

Have you and your wife decided not to have grandchildren?

Yes.

There's a sterilization process that we're going through right now.

Oh, God, that's horrible.

Horrible.

Jesus.

It is horrible.

It's a horrible thing.

Can you do that in the United States?

I don't want to be a grandchild.

Are you just going off of internet videos for that?

What do you?

I don't want to be a grandpa.

But I want to have kids.

Yeah, you never will.

It's a tough choice.

No, there's things I can do early in the child's development that will prevent them from ever having children.

From what I understand, if you have a boy.

Is that a radiation thing?

No, if you have a boy baby.

Perhaps it's a snip snip surgical.

No, if you pinch their penis every night for 45 minutes before they go to bed.

Who doesn't, yes.

Then they're unable to develop the semen muscles.

The vas deferens?

Well, I don't want to.

There's a vast difference between.

I would like them theoretically to be sexually active and enjoy sex.

But I don't want them to have kids.

I don't want to be a grandpa.

Yeah, an old grandpa.

Fuck that.

What am I wearing?

A cardigan.

Yeah, I hated my grandpa.

A cane and everything.

Give me a break.

Fuck you.

How often would you like them to enjoy sex?

I have no idea.

I just want them to be normal.

They can fuck their brains out, right?

I don't care.

It's not my business.

It's their business.

Just don't have kids because I don't want to be a grandpa.

What if they adopt?

You can strongly discourage that with psychological things.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Grandpa Tim.

No, please don't.

Please don't.

I can't handle this.

No.

Grandpa, let me bounce on your knee.

Grandpa Tim Heidecker.

No, I don't want to be a grandpa.

My favorite activity.

I'd kill myself.

Bouncing on your knee, grandpa.

Take me to mini golf, Mr. Heidecker.

Grandpa Heidecker.

I'd kill myself.

I would really kill myself.

Take me to the new Jaws movie.

No.

Fuck that.

Polyester pants.

Is there nothing worse?

Yeah.

Werther's Originals hard candy.

Yeah.

I want to be cool.

I want to look cool for the rest of my life.

I don't want to be a fucking grandpa.

You look great, I got to say.

Thank you.

I want to look cool and fuck.

You know, get it done.

You want to have kids?

I want to have kids.

Yeah, but you don't want to be a grandpa.

Yeah, you have kids so you're not some freak.

You know, you have some kids.

You got to be a normal person.

People have to know they can trust you.

Yeah, yeah.

It's like, yeah, I got kids.

I care about them.

That's what I'm saying.

You have kids and you sterilize them so that you'll never be a grandpa.

Exactly.

Great.

It's a beautiful thing.

Great.

So then you're not saddled with this.

Yeah.

Literally just meat bags.

And those kids you have will take care of you when you eventually do get to be very old.

Yeah, and they'll have more time to take care of you because they won't have their own kids to worry about.

Jesus Christ.

I know.

I love it.

Yeah, I'm just a smart guy.

So I guess my question then is, if you're telling your kids about Sean Hannity, isn't that way better than getting the kids?

Yeah, I think right at the beginning of this game, we called it for the Hannity.

When we heard this game, we actually came right out and said, this is so obvious.

Well, let's next.

But I think that we have come around the end and made this one of those valuable things in this entire podcast.

Yeah.

OK, great.

So that's how you play Would You Rather.

Thank you.

Thank you for the question, at idiot.

Who was that guy?

Just kidding.

He's a fan of yours, John.

What, did he write I'm a fan of John Daly?

No, but he listens to the show.

You're one of the greatest friends of this show.

You know, I'm a drop in the bucket on this show.

He could be listening at any point.

John, you've had classic episodes this year, The Pepperman.

The Pepperman was classic.

I'll admit that.

Mal McCartney.

Mal McCartney, the classic episode.

Listen, I'm not denying that.

People love you.

So for you to lash out at Prozac Morrissey, it's like you 're.

I just can't hear that name without a little bit of a.

It's not his real name.

Makes my pulse race.

It's not his real name.

It's just a great name.

No, I know.

All I got to say is you start turning off people.

Like, when does it end?

You know, like you turn off one light.

Turning people off?

Yeah.

Burning bridges?

Burning bridges.

Hey, Prozac Morrissey, bridge burnt.

Sorry.

No, beef done.

Beef over.

Prozac Morrissey, I think it's a cool handle and a big support, big supporter of you and your ideas.

Well, you can hang out with that guy.

I bet he would like to hang out with Tim because Tim.

Is a cool guy.

You're a cool guy.

I'd describe you as a cool guy.

You have had some classic episodes this year.

Have you not?

This year of this show?

Of this show.

You had one earlier in the year.

You had the one we were talking about, Ant Whistles.

Yes.

You know?

Great episodes.

Great EPs.

You guys have been both big supporters of the show.

You've been on some great EPs.

November 20th, I'm on Key and Peele.

I had a great time shooting that with those guys.

On Comedy Central, November 20th, I'm doing Key and Peele.

Just want to put that out there.

Really excited about it.

That's what this show is called.

Those guys are great.

It was so fun working with them.

Good to know.

That's great.

Good to know.

Well, what I'm trying to say is you guys have both been great big supporters.

You know what?

If it's a good bit that you're in on that show, it'll end up clipped out on the internet that people will be sending around.

Tumble the hell out of it.

If I don't see that, then I know it probably wasn't a great bit.

Well, either way, it'll probably be online.

What an interesting thing to say.

But yeah, hopefully people will like it.

As long as you had fun doing it.

Well, I told you.

You don't have any control over the network.

I've talked to my friends Jordan and Keegan, and they were really excited about it.

Oh, cool.

I'm excited about it.

You talked to those guys.

Afterwards, yeah, we shot the bit.

And that was months ago.

And then I've seen them since.

Yeah, really.

A lot.

Oh, boy.

Et cetera.

So.

See them a lot?

Is that what you said?

On the lot.

Oh, on the lot.

On the lot.

On the studio lot.

Sometimes at parties in Hollywood, outside of Hollywood.

Wow.

Very cool.

That's great, man.

Congrats.

Very good.

November 20.

All right, I'll look out for that.

I just want to give a shout out to Kee and Peele.

Hey.

What's up?

They're great.

They've been on this show before.

Yeah, they're great.

Have been on a while.

If you ever see them on the lot or at one of these parties, tell them to swing by.

So what's the next would you rather?

What?

No, we're not doing that again.

We're almost at the end of the show here.

Oh, yeah.

Sure, sure.

But the point I was trying to get to is you guys are great supporters of the show.

You've done great apps.

We're coming to the end of the year, where we almost are like people are going to be voting on their favorite apps of the year.

I think this one might be number one.

This is number one.

This is probably number one.

Who's better?

What's even a contender?

I don't even know.

I can't think of a better episode this year.

So we just got to figure out 2 through 10.

And people are going to be voting.

I think that's going to be coming up in about three weeks.

I think we're going to do it on the 18th this year, guys.

So two weeks from today, we're going to have that vote for you.

Okey-dokey.

Hey, you're excited.

I like it.

Step right up and learn.

OK.

So what I do want to get to now, though.

Wait, so where does that appear?

Sorry, is that on the AirWorld website?

That'll be online.

Yeah, you can vote for this one for number one and then the 2 through 10, whatever comes up.

Oh, man.

Oh, I'm going to buy a bunch of email accounts so I can just keep voting for it.

Hey, you know what?

I'm going to sell you those email accounts.

I'm going to start up a new business.

Whoa.

Because you sound like a sucker.

Yeah, hey, man.

Buying email accounts.

I'll go for anything.

What the hell?

Yeah, it's $75 per email account, right?

That's what you do.

I don't know.

But what I did want to say is now that we've gotten the Key and Peele business out of the way , now it's time for one of our favorite features on the show.

It's time for something called Plugs.

Plugs.

Cool days, red hot nights.

Wanna party, baby?

It's all right.

Cool days, red hot nights.

I love LA, so pop up in the Chardonnay.

Wow.

A little thing that we like to call Plugs.

Wow, that was Cool Days, Red Hot Plugs, featuring Brent Weinbach.

That was from a show earlier.

I don't know if it was this year.

I liked that a lot.

That was great.

Yeah, Brent sang that.

Kind of got lost in it.

And then we saw him, Polko, when he was here on the show.

And then someone set that to music, and that was great.

And now it doesn't say who made that.

So do we have that information?

Because I would love to say who actually made that Plug song.

Hey, you know what?

Somebody did.

Somebody did, and we thank him.

And that's amazing.

It's probably Arcade Fire.

The Arcade Fire.

Arcade Fire.

Aren't they doing a lot of stuff?

Boy, I mean, talk about that.

With their album rolling out.

It's out.

Right now.

Yeah.

Talk about hard work, though.

Hard work paying off.

Yeah.

OK, guys, let's get to hard work paying off.

Speaking of hard work paying off, you were going to say, Tim?

Well, speaking of albums coming out, my second album with Daven Wood is coming out on the 12th of November.

Can't wait.

Can I get the fucking plug out?

Jesus Christ.

Well, you weren't particularly accommodating to me.

I kept my mouth shut with the goddamn pin.

No, you did not.

Hey, I just want to say.

Talked over every fucking plug, you piece of shit.

I just want to say, can I say something here?

Guys?

Host the show?

Can I say something?

Go ahead.

That was Tundrasaurus.

Tundrasaurus did that plug.

Thanks, Engineer Cody, for looking at that information.

So you have something?

Hi, Dicker and Wood.

November 12th.

That's 11, 12, 13.

I absolutely love the numerology there.

My new album is called Some Things Never Stay the Same.

Very proud of it.

What does that mean?

Some Things Never Stay the Same.

What is it?

What is that?

Just words put together.

Just means.

What does it mean, though?

It's words that make sense.

You know, Some Things Never Stay the Same.

Things change.

What are you talking about?

Some Things Change.

What do you?

Some Things Never Stay the Same, right?

Yeah.

But when you say that, what are you referring to?

Well, that we've changed as a group.

And I think we're all living through so many wonderful changes and terrible changes with the environment.

Oh, OK.

Well, that's what I'm getting at.

Global warming.

You know what would be great?

If we go out of the show, you can do all your plugs and stuff.

And I want to do my plugs.

But when we go out of the show, go for me and you to go, I think I won that tic-tac-toe guy.

Oh, I think I won it.

Fade that out.

That could be the end.

That would be a good end.

Are you doing some?

OK, so you're editing.

That would be fun, I guess.

I don't know.

Or not.

Would that be something you guys would record at another time?

No.

No, I'm saying, wouldn't that be fun?

It was a little treat.

If I said that now, and then we actually did it.

I guess we could do that.

It'd be like a little plant fun bomb, and then it blows up.

Do you want to do that?

Let's record it now, and we'll put it in at the end as well .

All right, all right.

Ready?

OK, here we go.

I think I won that tic-tac-toe guy.

John, I was keeping track, and you did not win that tic-toe .

Well, to keep track, I was pretty good.

I'm a visual learner.

I was thinking of it.

And then we'll just fade it.

Scott, I think I won that tic-tac-toe.

I think I won that tic-tac-toe.

Yeah.

OK, great.

So we'll just put that in.

Great.

OK, cool.

OK, great.

So Tim, what do you have?

Well, that was the big plug I had in mind.

I'm doing a stand-up in my hometown of Philadelphia on the 8th of November.

That's cool.

With Neil Hamburger, Johnny Brenda's club.

It's called Johnny Brenda's.

Doing two shows there.

The late show sold out.

I'm doing New York the next night.

That's sold out.

So nice try getting into that show.

New York.

All right, New York.

That's this Friday and Saturday.

That's right.

Congrats.

Come out and see that.

That's awesome.

Come out and say hello.

But most of the shows are sold out.

They probably will be sold out.

So don't even bother.

So don't bother.

But the early show in Philly is not sold out right now.

So please, come on by and say hello.

Were you playing in Philly?

It's a club called Johnny Brenda's.

Johnny Brenda.

Is that bigger or smaller than the Trocadero?

Oh, it's smaller, Scott.

Oh, I just played the Trocadero.

Right, well, so did I. I played there with you last year.

Hey, you play the track.

So I'm playing smaller and smaller club.

Trocadero Rock.

Yeah.

We've been dancing to the Trocadero Rock.

Let me run this down.

You have the Heidecker and Wood record coming out on the 12 th.

You have a couple of personal appearance dates coming up this weekend on the 8th and 9th.

And then you also have a burgeoning TV career.

Oh, it's fully formed.

It's flowering.

I'm on multiple networks.

You're making something of yourself.

Fine.

OK, well, this sounds great.

I'm fine.

My last plug is I'm fine.

He's fine.

OK, John, what do you like to plug?

I am on, I have a episode two of my web series, My Imaginary Friend, coming out on Funnier Diets.

My imaginary friend is Kenny G. I lose Fabio and run into Kenny G. And we shot a big episode at Kenny G's house.

And it's really fun.

When's that coming out?

It's coming out right in early November.

It doesn't have a date yet.

Early nov.

It's going to be good.

Look out for that.

And then Betas is my Amazon show.

Did you say November 22?

November 22 for Betas, yeah.

Very excited.

That was when John F. Kennedy was a second.

Do you get?

Let me get out the fucking plug, you piece of shit.

I just, it's a little interesting.

Oh, boy.

Anyway, Betas.

All Tim is saying is that people may not be in the right mindset to watch Betas.

Not exactly the best night for a comedy.

Yeah, I think time plus tragedy equals you'll enjoy Betas on that.

Anyways, and then I got this Ben Stiller movie I'm in.

I have a very small part, but I'm very proud to be in it.

It's called The Secret Life of Walter Mitty, and that is on Christmas Day that comes out.

And then season two of Crawl Show, which I write, and produce, and star in, is coming out on January 14.

So watch it.

Can you ask, can I ask?

Yeah.

Can you settle a bet that I've got with my friend?

I heard this.

Oh, brother.

I've heard this about the Mitty movie.

Yes.

I heard that Mr. Zoolander makes an appearance in the movie .

Is that true?

Zoolander, actually, Stiller as Zoolander pops out.

Doesn't he imagine, like, he's like, what if I were a male model?

No, he goes through all of his movies.

He goes through all of his movies.

What if I were a security guard at a museum?

Yeah, exactly.

Yeah, it really focuses on that at the museum and Zoolander .

It's sort of a backdoor pilot for Night at the Museum 3, isn't it?

Yeah.

Unbelievable.

That was the bet.

Yeah, when I read that in the script, I was just like, you nailed it.

You did it.

This guy is on another level.

He did it.

That's amazing.

No, but that's going to be awesome.

That's awesome.

You have a lot going on.

That's so great.

It's great.

Congratulations.

I have some plugs.

Do you mind if we talk about them?

Do it.

Oh, please, please.

I want to plug the Comedy Bang Bang TV show.

Tim apparently doesn't like it, but you guys could like it.

That's on this Friday.

I'll like it on Facebook if you want me to.

This Friday, we have Rashida Jones.

Hey-o.

We have Horatio Sands.

Hey-o.

Amazing, made me crack up several times.

And that is an amazing show.

Of course, Reggie Watts and I, IFC, Friday, 10 p.m.

And then I'm also doing this thing on Wednesday.

If you're listening to this at the beginning of the week, on Wednesday, I am actually going to be doing a live stream part of the Benefit for Malaria No More on dailymotion.com for comedy kids back.

Dailymotion, John Dailymotion.

That's right, John Dailymotion.

Spelled differently.

We're going to be doing a live streamed, video streamed one of these with Zach Alefinakis on Wednesday.

So that'll be a lot of fun.

Watch that.

And you can go to dailymotion.com right now for some info on that.

And that'll be actually next Monday's episode.

And then Thursday, we have another episode of this program coming out.

So this is a, we're doing bonus eps this week.

And also, I want to plug Thanksgiving, because that's, you know, it doesn't get enough love.

So turkey time.

Turkey time.

Plug that turkey with some stuffing.

Yep.

Woo!

You're a real little devil, I have to say.

Devilish.

You set me up, and I hit him out of the park.

Hey, put some eggs with that devil.

That's what's been happening all podcast long.

All right, let's close up the old plug bag.

Here we go.

And oh, I also want to say Adam Winnet.

Thanks, Adam Winnet donated $100 to Earwolf.

Thanks so much, buddy.

Something special is coming to you.

Now we'll close up the old plug bag.

Here we go.

Closing up the old plug bag.

Ding dong, ding dong, ding dong, ding dong, ding dong.

Closing up the old plug bag.

Closing up, closing up, closing up.

Brow.

Guys, we did it.

We're friends.

We finally friends.

Yeah, had a great time.

Had a great time.

Nice little journey we went on together.

I'm glad we, I mean, there was a big storm at the front.

And I feel like we've, uh, clouds have parted.

Some ups, some downs.

But you know what?

Grace, guys, we're going to clear up.

Put on a happy song.

You guys should do a record together.

Why not?

Yeah.

You got Heidecker and Wood.

What about Heidecker and Daley?

Uh, no.

Daley and Heidecker.

No, never.

We'll probably never make a record together.

Oh, that's too bad.

Guys.

Or we could.

You know who I'd love to make a record with?

Who?

The Surviving Beatles, Paul McCartney and Ringo Starr.

Wouldn't that be a dream?

Get them in the same room together?

Fun to work with those guys.

Because that's a, right there, you got a great rhythm section, bass and drums.

Not only that, but you have a story that the media would like to record about.

Oh my god.

Are you kidding me?

I got an idea for a fun producer.

Everybody would be talking about that.

Phil Spector.

There you go.

Phil Spector, yeah.

From prison.

Current day, Phil Spector.

That would be such an amazing combo.

You got Phil.

You got Ringo.

You got Paul.

You got Tim.

Why not add Yoko?

I have the songs.

I have a ton of songs in my head.

Hey, what up?

Ready to record.

Grace, guys, we're going to clear up.

Put on a happy song.

But you just heard that Yoko and Paul made up, right?

Because I heard that.

Because Paul said, like, she's a cool chick.

And then Yoko, you know what she said about Paul, he's a rocker.

I love his cock.

He's a rocker.

She said it with a British accent.

Oh, I love his cock.

What's she doing?

She's loving pussy.

Austin Powers impression?

I love her pussy, baby.

What would Mal McCartney have to say?

I think I love her pussy, baby.

Oh, OK.

Exactly what you just said.

Well, guys, we did it.

We're certainly not going to argue about the tic-tac-toe game.

We've already covered it.

We already get that.

Do you think we got that?

We got it.

We're going to put it at the end.

I'm trying to set it up right now.

That was a great tic-tac-toe game that I won.

I think, uh, well.

We'll talk about it a little bit later.

Well, people can tweet who they thought won, John Daly.

That's the, at John Daly.

That's the other thing I wanted to put.

My new verified account.

J-O-N-D-A-L-Y. Tweet us both.

Tell us if John won or the game should have continued.

I think this whole thing could be big for the podcast.

This tic-tac-toe thing could be really big for the podcast.

It could be.

All right, guys, let's get out of here with a song.

Here we go.

Tim, start us off.

Nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah.

Guys, we'll see you on Thursday.

Thanks.

Bye.

♪ Earwolfs ♪ This has been an Earwolf Media Production.

Executive Producers, Jeff Ulrich and Scott Aukerman.

For more information, visit Earwolf.com.

♪ Earwolf Radio ♪ ♪ Boom.com ♪ ♪ Ooh, ooh, ooh ♪ The wolf dead.
