Movie star Zach Galifianakis, movie director David Wain.

What do they have in common?

Well, they're both on today's show for one.

Plus a newcomer to the show, Jack Fitzgerald.

He has a really interesting thing he wants to talk about.

Plus we'll be talking a lot about malaria, no more dot org.

All of that and more all on today's.

♪ A friend with weed is a friend indeed.

A friend with dill weed must be in a pickle.

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

Ooh, funny.

That is from Onomatopo...

Oh boy, okay.

I gotta turn my phone sideways to get a bigger view on this name.

Onomatopo...

Nope, here we go.

Come on.

Here we go.

Oh no.

Onomatopo...

maniac.

I'm saying that wrong, but hey.

Welcome to the show.

This is Scott Aukerman for a very special bonus episode.

I came right from the studio where we recorded this to the Earwolf Studios to give this a little bit of an intro.

We actually did this show last night, live video streamed for a benefit called malarianomore.org.

I guess that's not what the benefit's called because that would be a weird name for a benefit.

Malarianomore.org.

That's what the website's called.

The benefit was Comedy Gives Back.

We did a show basically trying to stamp out malaria.

I know it's a big task, but I thought we were up for it.

And we find out at the end whether malaria exists or not, so you'll wanna hear that.

But we did the show over at the What's Trending studios down the street and a lot of technical problems, I gotta say.

So the beginning of it, we cut off, so we're gonna just dump you right in when I start to introduce our guests.

Our guests for the program, David Wain.

You know him as the director of such films as Role Models, Wanderlust.

We have Zach Alifianakis.

You know him as the star of movies like The Hangover, The Hangover 3, and there's one I'm forgetting.

And we also have a really interesting guy named Jack Fitzgerald, or Fitzgerald as he introduces himself.

And so we all just kind of have a really interesting show here.

It's a total bro out.

This was done live video stream, so every once in a while I'll talk to the viewer at home.

But the most important thing was this was we were trying to raise awareness about malaria, which is a big, big problem, not in this country, but especially in Africa where it's a terrible, terrible problem and we're trying to get donations.

And so let me tell you where you can donate.

You go to malarianomore.org slash comedygivesback.

And I talk about it, but I would love it if everyone listening here would do the Comedy Bang Bang $1 Challenge.

I'll talk about it a little bit from now in the program itself, but I would love to see every listener give exactly $1 and no more to this and we can stamp out malaria.

Okay, so let us hear that show.

Hit it, Engineer Cody.

Let's introduce this man, this statistician who seems to be putting his own self to sleep.

You know him as, look, you've had a multifaceted career.

You're a writer.

I mean, let's get that out of the way.

You're just a writer, okay?

I love it.

I love to sit at the typewriter and whatever comes to mind, I write it out.

You're a scribe.

Some people call them that.

Do you like it when someone asks you if you've scribed something?

Oh, I like when they ask me if I have ever described something.

Mm-hmm, and that is a big part of being a writer is describing things, which is so funny when you think about how a writer is a scribe.

Isn't that interesting?

Well, it's like, isn't describe the opposite of scribe?

Yeah, really.

I mean, that's really interesting when you think about it. That's sort of the key, the spine of my creative output.

We're gonna talk about this a lot in the next segment, I think, but before we get to that, you're a writer.

You're, look, you're an actor.

Tell me about it.

I pay you to act in things.

It's happened.

Usually it's me who pays.

Of course.

You're a producer.

You're a director.

You have so much, like, is there anything you're not doing?

David Wain is here.

Thank you.

That's right.

Oh, I forgot.

Yeah, there's a question.

Good to be here, Scott, and it's true.

And no, there's nothing I'm not doing.

In fact, I have decided before the end of my life I'm going to do every job.

Every single job that's in existence, really, and how close are you?

How many of you ticked off the old list?

Well, this week I worked as an accounts receivable executive at a medical company.

Fantastic.

And next week it's accounts receivable at a medical textbook company.

Wait, so you're not only just checking off when you do accounts receivable, you have to do it in every type of business as well?

Yes.

This is gonna take you a while.

How long do you do it?

It's gonna, well, I mean, it should take about 95 years.

But in order for it to count, like, how long do you have to do each job?

A week.

You have to do it a week?

A full work week.

Oh my gosh.

Wow.

And you think you'll get through this in 95 years?

I should.

I mean, I have, obviously, a staff that helps set up the jobs.

Sure.

How many jobs do you think, can I ask a question?

You know, we haven't introduced you yet.

Sorry.

I think, I don't know if, he needs a lot of introduction.

He's a pretty well-known actor.

People who are looking at us here on the live feed, they know who he is instantly.

People who are just listening, they heard his voice, and they immediately sparked it.

Even if they- Oh, I know that voice.

I've heard that voice.

I'm used to seeing that voice, sure, because he's a star.

The star of stage, the star of screen.

I'm used to hearing and seeing his face while I hear that voice, yet hear, even listening to his voice, I know exactly who it is.

He is the bearded boy, bearded bad boy.

Bubble boy.

Bearded bad boy.

Bubble bad boy.

Bearded bad boy of bubble boy.

Yeah.

You were in Bubble Boy, weren't you?

The bearded bad boy of Bubble Boy.

Please welcome Zach Alifianakis to the show.

Thank you.

How many- If you're listening, by the way- Andy, don't commit too much to clapping.

There you go.

Yes.

I am like schvitzing.

I want to at least acknowledge- No, what is that?

Is that a Jewish term for sweating?

And so is glitch, by the way.

I just want to acknowledge that I know it, so people don't think, oh my God, he's sweating, he doesn't realize it.

Okay.

Very good, very good.

He wanted to ask- Zach, you have a question for David.

Well, how many jobs are there in the world?

Yeah, how many jobs are there in the world?

Well, how old are you right now?

Let's figure that out right now.

40- 40 some, so you have 50 more years of this.

Yeah.

50 times 52 weeks, so we're talking- I'm not gonna do it on Christmas week or in the spring.

Roughly over 2,000 jobs.

Yeah, but in the whole world, if you count every sub job and every type of business, there's about 85 jobs.

Really?

Oh my gosh.

Baker.

Candlestick maker.

Well, not anymore.

Yeah, no, that's on the way of the dodo, meaning that it's extinct.

These days, everything is automation.

You have a candlestick guy, really?

Yeah, I got a good guy.

Where do you find a craftsman like that?

Oh, he's just downtown.

Well, in California, they have everything.

Yeah.

So weird there.

This is electrifying.

This truly is an amazing conversation, and we are here- I think it's your job to kind of instigate.

Yeah, why are you going after us?

I mean, we're doing our job.

What do you mean you're doing your job?

Well, we're answering the question.

You have a candlestick guy?

That's what you're offering?

You think that's doing your job?

Tell me a funny Hollywood story.

That's a good point.

What's Bradley Cooper up to?

Oh, man.

Coops.

Hang out with Mr. Cooper.

Bradley Cooper is a terrifically handsome actor who has been in the Hangover movies with you.

I'm sorry.

Zach, has it been a struggle?

There are more handsome actors than you.

There are?

Yeah, you're not the only one.

Bradley Cooper, he has a very symmetrical face.

Do you ever look into his face while you're filming, and you're just like, wow, symmetrical.

Meanwhile, you're not necessarily asymmetrical.

It's not jarring, but you know what I mean?

We're not all blessed with Aryan good looks like you, Scott .

So, yeah, it's not.

All I heard was, I'm good looking.

Thank you.

It's challenging in this town to try to break through.

I think you are a good looking guy.

You've just gone for the shabby chic thing.

Yeah, I used to know you back when you didn't have the beard, and you were rugged, and you were...

Svelte.

My svelte levels have gone down.

Yeah.

I used to hang out with this guy way back in the day, in the back in the city, and this guy would knock down the ladies like bowling pins in the bowling alley.

The proper place for bowling pins.

Yeah.

Guys, we have to talk about it.

What we're doing here, okay?

We're here for, comedy gives back for Malaria No More.

What is that?

I already hear the confusion in people's minds.

Malaria No More, like, okay, you had me at malaria, but then no more?

Like, what is happening?

They're confused right now.

I can tell you a couple things I know.

Yeah, please, let us know what's going on.

Malaria is a very big problem in Africa.

Right.

90% of all malaria deaths are in Africa.

Now, from what I understand, the disease was, they made it against the law here in the United States, in the early 50s, so we outlawed it.

I see.

So, it's no longer here.

Well, that's good.

So, but...

But in Africa, it's still...

People in Africa are dealing with it, and it costs them $12 billion a year in health costs, and people spend 25% of their income dealing with malaria, and it's a huge economic problem for them.

From what I understand, a child dies every minute in Africa of malaria.

If you say so, that's terrible.

Which is a terrible thing, so...

And so this organization helps to...

What they're trying to do is they're trying to get rid of malaria.

Is there a target date on that by 2014?

Are we hoping by January?

Okay.

So...

We're hoping by January that malaria is just done for.

They're saying tomorrow.

Tomorrow?

Really, we think we can do this by tomorrow?

As soon as possible.

We'll just leave it at that, ASAP.

That...

That gives you so much wiggle room.

Is that an issue for as soon as possible?

You don't know what ASAP stands for?

I never heard that, but that's really cool.

This is crazy.

That's very hip.

Is that like emoticons?

If you think about...

Okay, and here's the challenge.

A lot of people are donating right now.

People can donate at comedy...

No, malarianomore.org slash comedygivesback.

But here's what...

And if you're listening to this, here's the challenge that I want to do.

Okay, a lot of people go, ah, I wish I could give $40.

No.

We don't want anyone giving $40.

We don't want anyone giving $20.

This is what I want to empower people to do.

This is the Comedy Bang Bang $1 Challenge.

Okay, if everyone listening to this show right now gives $1, that is a shit ton of money.

That's right.

You know what I mean?

How many people listen?

A lot of people listen to the show.

So if everyone just gives $1, this is like one of the most successful fundraisers in Hollywood history at this point.

And that's all it is.

It's like if every single person just...

And I think it would be really interesting for the comedygivesback people to start seeing a million people give $1.

I think that would be really exciting.

That would be awesome.

You know, and yeah, just $1.

That's all we want.

I'll blow a dollar on going out to dinner one night.

I can just stay home and then...

Yeah, I'll spend more than that on a cup of coffee.

Now, I realize if I give $1 here, I'm not going to get that coffee.

So I have to weigh that.

Or you know what?

You get no foam.

Hold the whip.

Then it's a dollar less.

Really, they're charging for foam these days at coffee shops?

I don't know what coffee shop you go to.

I love that character.

We'll get to that character a little bit later.

Zach, what do you think about malaria?

You spend time in Africa.

I have been to Africa, yes, malaria.

It's not fun.

Not a good thing?

You have to protect yourself and those that live there have to protect themselves and worry about it all the time.

I've had a friend over there get malaria and it's tough.

They get very, very sick.

It's hard to recover.

It is hard to truly understand what it's like to be in a place where this is the daily part of life that you have to deal with or any more people you know have to deal with all the time.

A lot of people in the US don't have a lot of connection to it because it's been, like I said, it's been outlawed here.

I think the Senate.

I think.

1951.

Yeah, 1951, they finally passed that law where it was against the law to get it here.

So a lot of people don't have a real connection to it and they think, oh, that's not a real thing, but it's very real.

It is treatable.

Yeah, very treatable.

But they need the resources to do it and so that's why we're raising the money to do it.

Right.

So it's a good cause and we're great people.

Sure.

I feel good.

You should feel good about yourself.

You know what I mean?

Zach, how do you feel?

About David?

Yeah.

I think fine.

It's fine.

It's fine, yeah.

Mosquitoes are kind of like.

Does anybody have a turtleneck?

Or maybe hot chocolate?

They say drinking a hot beverage makes you.

I think it's a good, like, people like to know the behind the scenes of show biz.

People love to hear people complaining about temperature.

No, but it's not a man.

I found it on a podcast.

Not to, spoiler alert that, a little bit.

But yeah, it's so hot in here.

It really is.

Would you say that mosquitoes are kind of like, look, The Walking Dead, very popular right now.

Would you say mosquitoes are like the original zombies?

Does that make it cool for people to get involved?

Do you know what I mean?

Cause one bite, all of a sudden you got it.

You know what I mean?

Right.

Yeah, the comparison, yeah, that's what I got for you.

The comparison of zombies to malaria?

That tracks, yeah, that works.

So if you can think of that, if that makes it cooler for you to get involved with this issue, by all means then.

We all watched The Walking Dead.

And if you were watching The Walking Dead and there was a phone number at the end of it that you could call and go, oh no, I want to save those lives.

I want to save the life of Steven Yeun, our good friend of the show, Steven Yeun.

He's about to die.

I want to see what his half Asian, half Australian babies would look like with that girl that he's involved in.

Call a number, give a dollar, I can save Steven Yeun.

Well that's what you're doing here with malaria is you're giving a dollar and you're saving lives.

I think, I would say though, yes.

Just like a lot of people might be listening to this podcast in a car.

Sure, I hope so.

Just when you get home, just spend a dollar.

Just come on, just do it.

Just do it.

Can we re-squeak that staircase?

I love someone's mic is on who's not supposed to be on.

All right, yeah.

Oh guys, we'll figure this out by tomorrow, don't worry.

We have more Comedy Bang Bang coming here for you.

We're here at the What's Trending Studios by the way.

In Hollywood.

In Hollywood, yeah, if you're watching this.

But by the way, do they ever figure out what's trending or do they just sit around asking what's trending?

Do they just go, and they never decide it?

Is that like a cliffhanger every episode?

At the end they go, well, hopefully we'll find out what's trending. Who knows?

I'll give you an example.

Dubstep, I think, is very big.

Really?

And what type of dubstep is your favorite?

I like mostly world dub stuff.

I've been getting sort of very into some drum and bass mixes lately and some guys, some DJs who've been spinning a lot of mix tracks and kind of international flavor stuff.

Great, fantastic.

Zach?

Parkour is trending and I'm really into parkour.

When you say you're into it, are you jumping around there on the buildings yourself or do you just like to watch?

Yeah, I specialize in jumping off 20 floors.

20 floors, really?

And that's you?

That is me.

Your hand gesture?

20 floors onto a Chevy Lumina, roll down, and do the monkeys, those monkey bars.

Oh, right, right, right.

And then roll out and that's the kind of stuff I'm into.

Well, I don't know why you're not gonna be playing the next Spider-Man.

Mainly, I mean, I would say mainly because Andrew Garfield already has the role.

Well, but that's not, that's fine, but that role has been played by many actors.

Well, sure, well then how do you know he's not playing the next Spider-Man?

I don't.

Let me ask him.

Can you give me a second?

Yeah, I'll give you a second.

Yeah, what's up?

You gonna do Spider-Man?

Yeah.

He is doing it.

Yes!

What an amazing announcement here.

You heard it here first on Comedy Bang Bang.

Zach Galifianakis, the name Spider-Man.

Because of my parkour background.

Yeah, so what do you hope to bring to the role of Peter Parker?

Who's spectacular, you don't know who he is.

Oh, that's the boy.

Here's what I read.

Spider-Man.

Spider-Man?

I read in Variety that he's gonna be doing the Just the Pants version of Spider-Man.

Oh my goodness, really?

Yeah.

Just shirtless the entire time?

Well, they focus grouped it and that's kind of, that's how movies are made now.

They focus group it and they're like, who do you wanna see as Spider-Man?

My name comes up.

Which part of his clothing would you not like him to wear?

They said the shirt.

Is that a standard question with focus groups?

You know how action movies are done now.

They shoot with everyone naked and then they just graft on whichever clothes test best.

Right, because yeah, you don't want to actually film clothing because what if someone, what if one audience member doesn't like those clothes?

What if fashions change?

What if that week something's trending, like a really cool shirt that's trending then?

Like for example, when Marlon Brando wore a wife beater, everyone bought them at Macy's.

So whatever movies that were coming out the next week, if they had had that technology, then everyone would be wearing wife beaters on them.

And then the movie business would have become a cash cow.

Yeah, but instead of what it is now.

Yeah, it's a bloodbath.

Yeah, it really is.

You're a director.

Don't get me started on the bloodbath of Hollywood.

Hey, and speaking of which, Carrie just came out.

Oh, she's a lesbian?

Yes.

Wow.

All right, well, we're gonna take a break.

When we come back, we'll have more Zach Alifinakis, more David Wayne.

We're gonna just take a 60 second break here for those watching and for those listening.

We will be right back on the other side with more Comedy Bang Bang after this.

♪ Ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ♪ Hey, Comedy Bang Bang, we are back here.

I'm Scott Aukerman.

I'm here with Zach Alifinakis and David Wayne, the two bros of comedy.

David Wayne!

Oh, sorry.

That's your name.

Do you just, when you hear your name, you just say it really excitedly?

I didn't know.

That was really great.

That's exciting.

Do you guys, have you ever thought about doing a buddy team movie together?

Yeah.

Two-Hander?

We talk about it every couple of weeks.

Yeah.

Kind of, I've got a few pages down.

What are your ideas?

Basically, it's about the Jim Crow business.

Yeah.

Great, I think that would be fantastic.

You know, it's about busing.

Yeah, great.

Okay, well, we have another guest here on the show and it's our pleasure to have him.

I mean, not really.

I don't know who this person is.

And the, I guess the What's Trending people wanted.

Excuse me, wanted me to have him on.

I don't really know who he is or what he's doing here, but ladies and gentlemen, please welcome Jack Fitzgerald.

Thank you very much.

It's wonderful to meet you.

Hello.

Hello, how are you?

It's good to meet you.

Sorry my hands are so wet.

My name is Jack Fitzgerald.

And I am a gadfly.

Is a gadfly?

According to the Oxford English Dictionary, it is a fly which bites or goads cattle.

One who irritates, torments, or worries another.

That is me.

Do you feel my bite?

Do you bristle at my goading?

He's a gadfly.

I'm a gadfly.

Also known as a contrarian.

Again, the Oxford English Dictionary.

One who stands in opposition to the wishes or wellbeing of another.

Yes, I do.

Thank you very much.

Do you have a little tiny Oxford English Dictionary there in your hands?

No, I have a book in which I've written some of my favorite words and their definitions from the Oxford English Dictionary.

So it's like a slimmer version of a dictionary.

You can think of it that way, although it also holds other things, not just words and their definitions.

How many words do you have in there currently?

I'll let you know right now.

It's gonna take a while.

Okay, great.

Yeah, we have a while.

We're trying to fill time.

Three, four, that's a number.

So four words and a number so far.

Five, six, seven, eight words.

Nine, 10, 11, 12.

It's gonna take a long time.

Can you maybe just kind of It's full of words.

Just sort of guesstimate or even estimate.

No, I will not.

Okay, great.

Well, but you have a lot of words in there.

That's fantastic. That's exactly right.

That's a handy book.

Sure it is.

So you're a guy who just likes to upset the norm.

That's precisely right.

Where I find expectations, I defy them.

Where I find conventional wisdom, I tell it to go straight to heaven.

An expectation defined right before our elbows.

Right before our elbows.

Right after our elbows would be even more contrary.

Or left.

Yes.

That's exactly right.

I break omelets.

Not it.

When you see an omelet, someone's enjoying a nice omelet at a diner, for instance.

I break it.

You're passing through.

I break it in order to make an egg.

So you stuff all of that into an actual like egg shell?

That's correct.

I break omelets in order to make an egg.

Do you get arrested a lot?

I have been arrested many, many times, and I don't mind it one bit, as a matter of fact.

You'd prefer to be in jail.

Absolutely.

Sometimes the only place for a just man is in jail.

In an unjust world?

Surely we can all agree on that.

Okay.

I am a boil in the butt of society.

I am a bee in your sinus cavity.

I'm a splinter in your nipple.

Bet you're popular in the jail cell.

Sure I am.

Well, it's so nice to meet you.

I don't know what you're doing here.

Was it What's Trending wanted?

I have a noise complaint against this building.

Oh, okay.

They've got a television show going on here, and it isn't proper for this neighborhood.

The neighborhood isn't zoned for television production.

I've filed suit against them in court, and part of the settlement was that I'm allowed to come on here whenever I want to in front of the cameras.

Was it bothering you?

Do you live near here?

Nope, I don't live anywhere near here at all.

But yes, it was bothering me.

So now you didn't want any money out of this lawsuit.

You won the lawsuit.

Yes, I won, well no, we settled.

You settled.

We settled.

But you didn't want any money.

You just wanted to be on the TV shows?

Well, I wanted to shut down the show.

Sure.

Because I heard it was going on, and I don't want people to know What's Trending.

And I came down here to shut it down, and what we agreed on is that I can come on here as sort of an ombudsman, or whatever I carry, to find myself as.

Contrarian.

Contrarian to come on here and be a good fly.

A fly in the ointment.

Any time I wish.

Do you talk about What's Trending on your show?

We were trying to figure that out earlier.

I don't know what happens on this show.

Oh, okay.

So this is your first appearance?

No.

I'm here all the time, and I don't pay attention.

Oh, okay, great.

It's called What's Trending.

I'm sure that's the topic.

I don't know if they've answered it or not.

Do you wish they would change it to I don't care what's trending?

I don't care what's trending.

No, I think they, I genuinely think they care what's trending here.

But you don't care.

I don't care.

You're a contrarian.

I'm a contrarian.

They do, you don't.

If they do, I don't.

If they did, I wouldn't.

They say up, you say down.

That's precisely right.

What if I were to say Yes, I bring discomfort to the comfortable and to the uncomfortable.

More discomfort.

What if I were to say left?

What would you say?

I would probably say right.

Ah, but that's how it is.

Should I test you on this or?

I'm starting to expect it now.

Yeah, that's the thing.

You expected it.

See, now what are you gonna do?

Yeah, I Try it again.

Left.

Hamburger.

Oh my, I had no idea.

Touche.

This is amazing.

Everyone would have guessed that.

No, Zach, do you have any words?

Um, hmm.

All I have to do is say something you wouldn't expect.

Okay, should we confer about what words we expect you to say when he says that word without you listening?

Okay, what word are you gonna say?

I'll be over here not listening.

What are you gonna say?

And I'm going to relax.

Okay, so now I can think of, Zach has whispered a word to me.

We have that word locked in.

Okay, and you have to answer immediately.

And it has to be something that we do not expect.

I feel that I can do that.

And you can't have thought of it already.

Are you thinking of a word right now?

Absolutely not.

Okay, just whatever comes to mind.

I don't have that sort of capability.

Okay, whatever comes to mind.

Anything that comes to mind.

You say.

I can think of at least five words that would come to mind for me.

Good.

Okay, and I'll let you know if it's on that list.

All right, here we go.

Zach, what do you have?

Oh, I should say it?

Nazism.

Tongue cancer.

Whoa.

Makes sense.

I don't know.

I would think that.

That would be the first thing you would say because obviously we all know Adolf Eichmann had tongue cancer, which is why he became a Nazi.

Yeah.

That is why I said that.

But I didn't think anyone would think of Eichmann first.

Always think of Eichmann first.

Yeah, I know.

I mean, that's great advice in any situation.

Jack, you're a fascinating man.

What do you do for a living?

I mean, this can't be what you do.

Lawsuits.

Lots and lots of lawsuits.

Really?

Yep.

Did you know that just last week I filed an injunction against Halloween on the grounds that it constituted a public demonstration for which no permit had been issued?

I did not know that.

Did you think that I would know that?

Sure.

Don't you read the paper?

Was it in the paper?

Don't you read my newsletter?

Oh, OK.

That's what you're really talking about.

So you want an injunction?

I want an injunction against Halloween in my neighborhood.

Who paid?

Oh, so the neighborhood paid the money to you?

No, the injunction was that Halloween could not go forward.

That it could not exist.

But I think the question was how do you make a living?

Oh, how do I make a living?

Sometimes people come to the house and say, don't be such a jerk.

And I say $100.

OK.

Stuff like that.

How often does that happen?

Because like?

It's time to time.

If you keep the numbers, you lowball the number enough.

This market.

Yeah, it's a volume business.

I'm not going to say $5,000.

So when you tell me.

So I'm guessing your nut isn't too steep.

I don't have much of a nut.

I live with my mother.

And you know what?

I am in the process right now of having her committed against her will to a mental hospital on the grounds that by changing butter into vegetable oil and a lot of her recipes, she's become a danger to herself and others.

My goodness.

Well, I wish you luck with that.

That sounds.

Thank you very much.

Would you get her house then?

Or would you be kicked out?

Oh, I would.

Hopefully I would get her house.

You haven't looked into this?

You really should look into this.

I feel like if someone tried to kick me out, they'd have a damn hard time.

I burrow in.

You seem to be dressed nicely.

Like you have an actual job.

Would you like another sweater?

I would like another.

I have a sweater on under this shirt.

So I'm all right for now.

But are these the only clothes that you own?

Or?

In fact, yes.

I wash them every day in the river.

So you live by the river?

Yep.

Great.

Which river is this?

The LA River?

The Los Angeles River.

Oh, the best river.

Absolutely.

I go down there and I wash my clothes each every night in the river.

What a nice nighttime activity.

It's beautiful.

Yeah, beautiful.

Nothing more beautiful than that.

Oh, man.

Just hearing the sounds of the traffic as it goes by.

Yes, yes.

And depending on when the sun comes up, sometimes my clothes are dry by 11 AM and I can start my day.

As a gadfly, do you hold court somewhere and people come to you and you spew out things you hate?

I think you know where I hold court.

The Starbucks at Gower Gulch.

Where else?

I don't know why you would think that we would know that.

Have you ever been down there?

No, I've actively avoided it.

A lot of people like you there.

I used to work across the street.

Do you know that I had Toys for Tots canceled on the grounds that dropping off toys with the fire department constitutes bribery of a public official?

Wow.

Congratulations.

That's good work.

You're welcome.

And the reason I'm here today is that we did, wow, I thought that we covered this.

But wow, there is a new reason?

I'm shutting down all this anti-malaria business.

Well, that doesn't, I can't imagine there's a reason to do that.

Here's the reason.

We don't know how many parasites that cause malaria there are in the world.

So as long as we don't have a number, I'm considering them an endangered species.

The parasite that causes malaria is an endangered species until proven otherwise and therefore is protected by the Endangered Species Act of 1973.

Well, also, I guess the disease itself is an endangered species if they do their job right.

They're trying to eradicate it.

It's like, who are we as humans to say that malaria should not exist?

You know what I mean?

It's kind of like, hey, humans, get off your high horse.

You know what I mean?

Who will speak for the diseases?

Yes, Mother Nature herself.

Who represents her?

Who indeed?

You right here, the gadfly.

But who represents the high horses?

They may become extinct.

That's true.

Yes.

What a world that would be if all of a sudden malaria didn't exist, high horses didn't exist.

What's next?

How high does a horse have to be to be considered a high horse?

We need to answer that before we determine how many were there that are endangered or not, but it's worth doing.

I would say a couple of doobies worth.

Oh, I see what you're saying.

What do you think about drugs?

Are you?

I wouldn't mind getting a horse high and seeing what happens.

Get a horse high and ride it into the desert.

From where?

How long does the trip take?

From the river.

Where are you starting out?

Starting out in the desert.

From the LA River?

I don't know.

Let it dry up.

Yep.

You know what you could do is just get in the river and let it flow until when it stops flowing, then you're obviously in the desert.

A high horse wouldn't mind that.

No.

There's not much a high horse minds.

Flip down the river to the desert?

Especially if you get a big enough tube for him.

Sure.

Well, it's worth trying.

Is that what you, now we're going to be changing your time to doing?

How about this?

Is $1 to malaria $1 to help us?

Yeah, and that's what we're here to ask for is $1 to malaria.

This is the comedy bang bang $1 challenge.

$1 to malaria.

And then $1 to what?

MalariaNoMore.org.

Yes, it's MalariaNoMore.org slash comedy gets back.

And just know that if you do give $1 to MalariaNoMore.org, $0.95 of that will go to putting a horse into the river on a tube.

And I would also request that for every dollar you give to stamping out malaria, you also give $1 to saving the parasites that cause malaria .

Yes.

It's only fair.

So we're up to what, $3 at this point right now, which really is a cup of coffee.

It's a dollar for the horse project, which is going to need a lot of funding.

$1 to stamp out malaria and $1 to save malaria.

It's still only a cup of coffee because a lot of times you go to these places and it's like, hey, I just want a cup of coffee.

Oh, $3.

And that's what it is.

And you know what?

A lot of that.

By the time you've paid for foam, sometimes it's closer to $5.

And a lot of that is just like, hey, why are we throwing away all of these cups all the time?

Let me bring my own cup in.

And you charge me a dime.

Well, the other thing is it's $3.

So you're like, OK, here's $3.

They're like, no, no, there's tax.

You didn't tell me about the tax.

Do you get it for here?

That's why you always say to go.

I don't pay tax.

He refuses to pay.

Never once.

What?

Never in my life have I paid $1 in tax.

Here's what happens.

If I buy something at a store and they charge me tax, I find a way to get that money back.

Either by walking out with a piece of merchandise that I haven't paid for, or in the case of Starbucks, j ingle, jingle, jingle.

In the tip jar?

Absolutely.

Or as I call it, the tax return jar.

That must be quite annoying to the staff.

They don't like it at all, as a matter of fact.

Funny you should say that.

They don't like it.

It's not that funny.

Not that funny at all.

Interesting you should say that.

You're a keen observer of human people.

They don't like that.

Have you ever convinced someone not to charge you tax for something?

Sometimes, yes.

I had a friend, sorry, I don't mean to interrupt you.

Please.

When I bought these socks, for instance, they charged me sales tax.

And I said no, and they said yes, and I said no, and they said yes.

And we went on for most of the afternoon.

Finally, they relented.

Was that worth your time, the money you saved on?

I don't know.

I had a friend whose father would never pay full price for anything in a grocery store.

A fine man.

He would negotiate.

He would barter.

He would let them ring everything up.

Right up there at the register.

Right at the register.

They would say $165.83.

He'd go, I'll give you $100.

Wow.

And it would work probably 50% of the time.

And the other $50, he would just go, all right, I'm out.

And he would walk out.

But does the cashier have the authority?

They'd call the manager over.

OK.

And he'd go, I don't think this is worth $165.

I'll give you $100 for it.

That's awesome.

And it would work half the time.

I'll sometimes barter for groceries with things that I've found.

Straight pieces of scrap metal and things like that.

Just like copper tubing.

Sure.

See, I try to do that with a cigarette machine.

It never works.

With an automated machine?

Yeah.

See, David, part of the problem is these are not sentient machines.

That's why I can't never get cigarettes anymore.

Yeah.

Well, hey.

They won't negotiate with me.

If you quit smoking, if that's the way to get you to do it, then I'm glad the machines are not alive.

One of these days.

Yeah, you pay income tax?

I don't pay income tax, no.

Do you have a traditional income, though?

Not really.

Most of my income is derived from not doing things I said I would do for $100 at a time.

Under the table.

That's correct.

I think the IRS should really take a look at you, though, because you're getting, I mean, a board.

I invite the IRS to take a look at me.

Take a good look.

You're going to like what you see, because I've got it all figured out.

Do you wish the country were based sort of on your model, or would that not be surprising anymore if everyone acted like you?

If everyone acted like me, I grant you, it would be harder to be a contrarian.

If everyone were being a contrarian.

Society would not exist, actually.

It's sort of like the Sneetches.

You know, once everyone's doing that, then that becomes the norm, you see.

Then the contrarian has to be back to the way he was initially against.

Yes.

Which is worth trying.

It's as worth trying as getting horses high and floating them down the river.

Sure.

Zach, what do you think about all this?

I just was thinking of the quote you had said about diseases.

What was it, someone is not sticking up for the disease?

Who will speak for the diseases?

Yeah.

You were just thinking about that, Zach?

Yeah, I was thinking about that, because I've never thought of that, and I thought, that's a pretty good point.

No one defends diseases in our culture.

It's true.

We've tried to get rid of so many of them, but supposedly in the disease control centers, they have little vials of them.

Isn't that remarkable?

Talk about the government taking sides.

There is literally a center for disease control?

Yeah, hey, hands off my diseases, Uncle Sam.

Here, here.

You don't like Obama.

Thank you very much.

Yeah.

I'd like to start a center for disease encouragement.

Spreading, sure.

Yeah, where you can pop by, get whatever disease of the day is there.

They have it, it's called Denny's.

David, come on, David.

What if Denny's is watching this?

You know Denny's happens to be a very good friend.

Oh, OK, so it's a gentle ribbing.

He knows.

All right, we're OK.

We're OK.

But David, you're on notice, OK?

All right.

I'll take it, and I'm on notice.

But when I get put on notice is exactly when I start to behave irrationally and dangerously.

Put me on notice, bad things will happen.

Well, you're on notice right now.

Well then, here we go.

This clock is no longer on Sydney time, I'll tell you that right now.

What are you changing it to?

This clock is going all the way to London time.

Oh, Jack.

And then the London clock.

Jack's at it again, folks.

Jack's back.

The clock is changing, and that means only one thing.

Jack must be right behind me.

Look up on your walls, folks.

If that clock is different than what you thought it might be, Jack might be in your house changing your clocks.

I think we have a gadfly.

Don't have a swatter.

I'll be honest, I'm not great at telling times, so I'm not sure how to do this.

But I've disrupted the garbage tape that's keeping it here, and that's something.

Well, that's a little bit of something.

A little something.

Do you ever have a day where you feel like you're not contrary enough, or you haven't done enough messing with the norm to, uh?

Even the clock's a contrarian.

I do have days like that.

And then what do you do, just go home and sulk?

No, I look for someone to punch.

Do you have a girlfriend at all?

I had a girlfriend, yes.

I recently drove her away.

I don't mean to assume that you like girls, or you know.

You can be into whatever.

They're fine.

I recently drove away my girlfriend when I argued that the accumulated value of everything I'd spent on her in dates and meals.

Gas money.

Yes, exactly.

Was equal to what I would have paid for her at a slave auction.

And therefore, she had no right to weigh in on what we will see on our movie nights.

And she left, and she is now an escaped slave.

So what is the amount that she would have gone up at a current day slave auction?

Like in?

That's right.

Can I ask what race was your girlfriend?

I don't see how that's material.

Well, I'd really like to know.

Well, I'd rather not answer.

But let's just say she was one of the better ones.

OK.

But what kind of movies did she like, and what kind of movies do you like?

She liked seeing movies that had to be paid for, and couldn't be snuck into by the exit.

Oh, OK.

So you're a cheapskate, because you don't work.

Pretty much.

That's one way of putting it.

Another way of putting it is.

You really boiled this down to the essential information that we need to know.

I just want the audience to lock into what's being said in case people are maybe doing the laundry.

They're half listening.

They're just like, what is this gadfly thing?

And then all of a sudden, David says, so you're a cheapsk ate, because you don't make a lot of money.

And then they go, oh.

Maybe they're making left turns.

They're listening in the car.

And now they're locked in.

Say, start making those right turns, people.

Or those hamburger turns.

Oh, come on.

Zach, what do you got?

It's hot.

I think it's cool in here.

If anything, it's too cold.

What's interesting is this seems like a permanent television studio setting.

It seems like they would have a cooling system in place here.

It really does.

Keep that in mind next time you're watching What's Trending .

They're hot.

They're hot as shit.

All right, let's take a break.

When we come back, we'll have turned the fan on for 60 seconds.

And we'll have Morzak Alifianakis.

And you have a monologue that you're preparing, right?

That's for an audition coming up.

OK, he'll be debuting this.

David has some magic tricks that he's doing here with the cards.

And Jack Fitzgerald, correct?

Am I correct?

Fitzgerald or Fitz something?

Fitzgerald.

Really?

You pronounce your name differently.

Yes, I do.

Everywhere you turn with this guy, it's somewhere you didn't think he was going to go.

We'll be right back.

More Comedy Bang Bang after this.

Come on back.

Comedy Bang Bang, we are back.

Hello.

Yes, this is David Wain.

David's taking a phone call.

Yeah, I'll take the call.

Oh, he's in the middle of a phone call.

This is fast.

He's a little glimpse inside David's life.

What's up, Mr. Spielberg?

Uh-huh.

Oh my gosh.

Uh-huh.

Yeah, do I know him?

I'm sitting right next to him.

The cat flooding.

Steven Spielberg is calling for me.

About Jim Crow?

Yeah, we've actually talked about something like that.

Tomorrow, can you start shooting tomorrow?

Spielberg's directing.

He's already written a script.

We're Spielberg.

The guy who did Jaws.

Yeah.

Yes.

9 AM?

How's 9 AM?

This is a bit.

Can you do 9 AM?

Tomorrow, yeah.

Yeah, 9's good?

OK.

I should go, though, because we're doing a thing.

It's a malaria fundraiser.

This is a bit.

No, no.

Steven Spielberg is doing a movie, a buddy movie, with the two of us.

This is amazing.

We're starting to shoot 9 AM tomorrow.

We're shooting a buddy movie we talked about earlier.

David seems to be putting the pieces in place.

We'll see you there tomorrow.

But I'm telling you, I just have to go right now, because we're in a.

It's going to be like that all the time on the set.

I really have to go.

David, hang up.

OK, I'll call you.

I have to go.

Goodbye.

OK, gosh.

Wow, that was really exciting.

That's really amazing.

That's great.

Congratulations, guys.

I was pretty sure he was talking about me when you said I'm sitting next to him right now.

I know, no.

You phrased that very insensitively, because it's allowed me to believe that Spielberg was calling for me.

I'm sorry about that.

But he was calling about us.

I do not accept your apology.

And it's me and Zach and Kelly LeBrock.

From Weird Science Kelly LeBrock?

Oh my, what does she play?

She plays the woman who comes in and.

Gets between you guys.

She's like so thirsty.

She's got so many great ideas, but like.

She's like super thirsty.

You know, and like we're like I have water, and he has water, we each want to give our water to her.

That's the typical.

Why don't you just each give her half a cup of water?

Yeah, that's what happened.

Oh, OK.

OK, this sounds great.

Zach?

Yeah, let's do it.

We're shooting tomorrow, right?

Yeah, we're doing it.

It's not a bit though, right?

No.

It's Spielberg.

This kind of sounds like a bit.

It's not.

It's not a bit?

No.

It's more of a plot than Lincoln had.

The producer is.

This bit?

This bit is more of a plot than Lincoln had.

All right, guys, welcome back to the show.

We're here with Zach Alphanakis, David Wayne, and Michael Fitzgerald, the gadfly.

Jack Fitzgerald.

Jack, sorry.

Shouldn't you call yourself the jadfly?

If you're Fitzgerald, you would be the jadfly.

Jack, were you born this way, or were you like this as a kid?

The Lady Gaga special?

No.

I became a gadfly over time when I realized my powers to disrupt things.

You keep holding up your book when you mention disrupting things.

It's a book of things I've written down.

OK.

Did you go to college?

I went to college, but not as someone who was enrolled there, just as someone who hung around.

Just like Wendell.

That's very.

Mm-hmm.

Which smoked?

Which place?

It was a college called, I didn't.

What's this now?

I beg your pardon?

What was the college called?

It was called the United College of Arts and Sciences and Knowledge.

Arts, Sciences, and Knowledge.

Yes.

Wow.

And I was down there for a period of time.

Fantastic.

All right.

Welcome back.

I also started a college.

What?

Yes, that's right.

You're bearing the lead.

Please tell us about this college you started.

I started a college in my backyard, and had people over there, anybody who was interested in learning some things.

We learned, you know, mainly horticulture.

Did anyone come over?

I had a couple of kids, a couple of girls come on over and just get involved in it.

Do your gardening?

Is that what you're talking about?

I feel like this might be more of, you might be more into the slave thing than you're letting on.

Well, look, they were not, you know, college students aren't paid to learn.

So in that sense, neither were they.

And we had some people come, some girls into the backyard, doing some of the gardening, cleaning up, and they painted the house.

Let me just ask this key question.

Were they allowed to leave?

Yeah, I was just about to say, did any of them leave this?

Are college students allowed to leave?

Yeah, they usually graduate, and then they leave the college.

Or they could leave the camp.

Were they even allowed to leave the backyard?

Or did you keep them there?

College students don't leave the campus.

They sleep there and they eat their meals there and things.

It was just like a college in every way.

They did not, no, they didn't leave.

So did you set up some sort of a dormitory system for them?

We had, there was a shed and poles in the ground.

Poles in the ground?

What does this mean?

Well, you know, just to make sure that nobody left and there were shackles on the poles.

Oh, OK.

The poles were driven into the cement, and then there were shackles attached to those, and things like that, just as with any college.

And they, that's how, that was the dorm situation.

You keep speaking about this as if it's in the past tense, as if it's in your rear view.

Are these women?

I don't currently have anyone matriculated, because my mother won't allow it.

But as soon as she's in the mental hospital, we'll get that college back up and running.

OK, gosh.

There are other staff members, or is it just yourself?

It's myself and a guy named Tony.

Tony.

Hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on.

So Tony, you kind of take turns.

Dave, I have to interject here for just one second.

Yeah, Tony helps out a lot.

Tony.

That's right.

Is this a guy named Cactus Tony?

That's right, you're no Cactus Tony.

Oh, God.

He goes by Cactus Tony.

Oh, no.

Oh, I know Cactus Tony.

Yeah.

We've heard a lot about Cactus Tony on my program.

Really?

From some other people that have dropped by.

That's interesting.

Cactus Tony helps out.

He has a lot of fingers and a lot of different pies I've seen.

I don't know anything about that.

All I know is that he helped me find students.

He's sort of my admissions officer at the college.

So he goes out there.

He goes out into the world, he interviews prospective students.

He's not taken.

Lures them into some sort of van situation?

Lures them in the way that any college admissions officer would lure a student into a college.

Sure, I saw he got game.

Sure, exactly.

Or blue chip.

And...

You a fan of the cinema?

You saw blue chip?

Sure, I saw blue chip.

You snuck into that one?

Yep, snuck right into that one.

Yeah.

That, what's his name?

Fine actor.

Yeah.

Zach, any questions?

Yeah, God.

I just...

It's like the girl with the dragon tattoo.

This book I just read.

Ooh, this sounds titillating.

Well, the guy had a room in the basement where he kept girls.

You know, and nothing tied up.

As I explained, it's a shed in the backyard.

Yeah.

And they're not tied up, just their...

They're shackled.

Their wrists and ankles.

That's malarianomore.org.

Yeah.

We're trying to get rid of it.

You know, Malaria No More was founded in 2006.

Wow.

Malaria No More?

Yeah.

Well, what happened is they distributed 2.7 million mosquito nets that helped to protect 5 million people in 14 African countries.

So that's about two people per net, which is great because I've always found that three people under a net gets a little tight.

Yes.

We understand that nets prevent the disease from spreading, yes?

I do understand that, yes.

Let's get rid of these nets.

So your organization gets rid of all nets?

That's correct.

What about...

I have a foundation that goes into developing nations and removes nets.

Who's protecting the nets, though?

I have a hypothetical.

The circus under a trapeze, under like a high wire.

Yes.

You'd get rid of that net.

We would get rid of that net as well.

Come on, Jack!

Well, our funding was not specific enough in terms of what kind of net it is.

So just any net.

What about like at fast food restaurants, people, they put their hair into...

What?

This is a health concern now for Americans.

It doesn't do anything to help us spread malaria.

Internet?

I never even thought of that.

If we now have to start...

But how are we gonna find out what's gonna trend?

We do.

You're absolutely right.

It's a net.

This is a big problem.

All right.

All right, guys.

We're gonna need more money.

New Jersey Nets?

Well, we took care of the New Jersey Nets a long time ago.

Yeah, good job on that.

All right, we just have time for one more feature here on the show.

It's time for a little something that we like to call Would You Rather?

Do we have a theme or should we just continue on?

A graphic, a graphic.

You know what?

I don't know.

That's something.

They're seeing a graphic.

Are they hearing a theme?

Would you rather?

Nope, they are not.

Hello.

Oh, there it is.

Fuck it.

Stop it.

All right, guys.

It's time to play Would You Rather?

We all know how this is played.

I ask questions, you answer them.

We've all played this before.

I've certainly been involved in things where somebody asks a question and then I answer it.

Really?

And what kind of situation is that normally for you?

It was an admission test that I did about 17 years ago to get, what's this?

Kind of a college, the same thing as he's talking about?

No, it was a graduate school for nursing because I was setting up this thing we talked about earlier about the jobs that I'm doing.

And so a lot of them you can't do without training.

Right.

So you've had to train for some of these jobs too.

You don't just step in there and do it for the week?

I'm not going to do surgery without the training.

This is a big commitment.

You should write a book about this or something because this is the first time hearing about it.

I am.

It's called Leo Armstrong.

Add it again.

You see, that's not a very descriptive title.

I think it's a bad title.

It really should be misleading.

Yeah.

Who is Leo Armstrong?

That's part of the problem.

Oh yeah.

He doesn't exist.

I don't think there's ever been a gentleman named Leo Armstrong in the history of the world.

Those two names have never been put together?

Never together.

There was.

There was in Nashville, Tennessee in the 40s.

There was a man named Leo Armstrong.

Really?

Yep.

This sounds interesting.

Why would anyone name their child that?

That's bizarre to me.

Well, because the parents were bee catchers.

Okay.

It's all making sense now.

Leo Armstrong.

I'm not catching the dogs.

You need strength.

Yep.

Exactly.

Leo the lion, the bee.

Right.

We get it.

Okay, great.

Well guys, we're going to ask a question here.

Zach, you've played this many times.

I remember the gist of it.

You're an old hand at this.

Ah.

And Jack, you may be new to the show, but I'm sure you've listened to it a few times.

You're wrong.

Oh no.

All right, this comes to us from Jerry Druliard.

Jerry Druliard.

Jerry asks, would you rather have all of your electronics be made of food or have a furniture set made of human bones?

All right, I'm opening the floor for questions.

Would you rather have all of your electronics be made of food or have a furniture set made of human bones?

I go to you guys.

I've opened the floor for questions.

Instead of an iPad, I could have an iPancake.

I want some maple syrup on that.

I already have a coat hanger made of human bones.

Really?

Whoa.

This, I mean, knowing everything I know about you, honestly , this shouldn't surprise me.

And yet it does.

Does it really?

It really does.

That makes him a gadfly.

It really does.

Absolutely it does.

Whose bones are these?

Their names are written in this book.

Names?

It's on Schindler's list.

It's several people's bones?

Oh, it's several different people's bones, yes.

Did they go to the university?

Yes, that's right.

There were former students at the university who gave their bones to, in this case, a coat hanger.

They gave their bodies, they donated their bodies to, in this case, a coat hanger.

Did they know what they were doing?

Did they say, hey, I'd love to give my bones to science?

Should I ever die?

You'd have to ask Cactus Tony.

See, I never want to run into that guy, by the way.

I'm going to say that if all my furniture was made of bones , I wouldn't necessarily even know, as long as it's functional.

Whereas the food, I don't know if my electronics were made out of food, if they would work the same way.

They would be, in either case, they would be functional.

I see.

Yeah, but if you eat.

That's the thing.

If your electronics are made of food, and all of a sudden you're really hungry one day, and you go, you know what, I can afford another iPod.

I'm just going to eat this.

And then you all of a sudden, you're like, I'm starving right now.

I don't want to go out.

Transfer your data.

Tomorrow I'll go to the Apple store.

Yeah, it's another $100 to get an iPod touch, but I'm hungry now.

It's worth it to me.

You don't have to raise your finger.

When you say the Apple store, you mean the food Apple?

Does that mean that you're?

That's why it's made.

Yeah.

Every Mac product is made of apples, or apple pie, or apple strudel.

Okay.

Are the food electronics running this IO7?

Because that is garbage.

Guys, IO7 is garbage.

That is.

If there's one thing that you can take away from this today is forget all the malaria stuff.

We want you to know.

MalariaNoMore.org.

IO7, no, IO7 is garbage.org.

My father is 85, and he called me up, and he goes, David, do you have iOS 7?

Because I think it sucks.

It's a real.

He sounds like a real cantankerous piece of work, David.

I'm with him.

I don't agree.

David, would you like to help me run a college?

Tony, Tony, not going to work?

Cactus Tony?

No, well, he's flaky.

As you say, he's up to a lot of things.

I don't see him for weeks at a time.

The coat hanger thing, was it a voluntary type situation?

Or was it, how does that come about?

Was it an art piece?

Well, you know how you donate your body to?

Medical science?

Yeah, sure, something like that.

Or coat hangers or whatever, what have you.

You know, you don't necessarily get to determine what you 're donating your body to when you're donating.

Of course not.

Just like that.

So you're already living that situation, the coat hanger situation.

Well, I don't have an entire furniture set.

It's completely different.

Well, but how do you enjoy the hanger?

Oh, it's great.

It's a perfect hanger.

So you have a little experience in this.

Our bodies are meant to hold coats.

Was part of the argument for building it.

I mean, some would say that our bodies originally had coats on them because we were all furrier.

And then over the years with evolution.

All would say we were all furriers.

Even you, the gadfly would say it?

Nope.

All right.

Almost got you.

I was so close.

What kind of bones are the hangers made out of?

Mostly collar bones and shoulder bones and arm bones and the bones that were designed to hold cones, cones, cones, bones, cones, cone bones.

The hangers hold mostly cones.

Beg your pardon?

You say that the hangers hold mostly cones?

It's a coat and cone hanger.

But you know, my main electronics that I use as a bone phone.

Remember the bone phone?

So my bone phone would be made out of food.

And then as it turns out, most of my furniture is made out of electronics.

So this would get very confusing.

Gets very confusing for you.

So if you can think very carefully.

All of the tables in my house are actually console games like Pac-Man from the 80s.

Is that so?

Yeah.

Okay.

Fantastic.

Well, you know what?

I'm closing the floor for questions here.

So we're going to have to vote here.

So Zach, I need a vote from you.

Uh, electronics be food.

Is that just because like you would love a world where almost everything is food?

No, it's really just a setup to your joke.

Great.

Well, great teamwork.

Great.

You provided the setup to a joke?

Yeah.

What was the joke?

That's what I was trying to get at.

I make fat jokes about Zach, even though like I can't really make them all that much anymore because he's unfortunately losing weight.

It's a bummer.

But don't do it.

Yeah.

Don't do it.

I, you know, it's funny because I wanted to sue Donuts because of the hole.

And I was wondering if that was something that maybe.

You wanted to sue Donuts because of the hole?

Mm-hmm.

I would like to help you with that.

Okay.

Or would you like to dissuade him from that because you like to say no to things?

It's hard.

Sometimes it's hard to know.

Yeah, because I have somebody who agrees with me.

Like a Star Trek.

It's a lot like your Harvey Dent.

You're like two-faced.

You have to flip a coin sometimes.

Do you have a special coin that's scarred on one side and, and, uh, unscarred on the other that you flip in situations like this?

I'm guessing yes.

No?

No.

Really?

Fuck the gut.

Probably gut reaction.

I go with my gut.

Yeah, absolutely.

That's, see, I've always thought that one should go from one's gut.

Sometimes I'll lay out entrails and see what they tell me.

In just like a mystical circle?

At the university we'll lay out entrails.

And, uh, those will often speak to you in a cosmic sense and tell you what to do.

My goodness.

What is entrails anyway?

Like, it's like, come on, just call it guts.

You know what I mean?

It's like, just call it, just call it, you know, tum-tum stuff.

You know?

Come on.

Why do we have to be so highfalutin?

I know.

It's like, you know, people say, oh, my, uh, my droppings.

No, poo.

It's your poo.

Guys, stop saying droppings.

If there's one thing that we can...

Stop droppings.org.

One dollar.

One dollar to get the word droppings eliminated.

Stop malaria.

Also malaria more dot org.

More, more, more malaria, more, more, more dot more.

How much are you hoping to raise?

I'm hoping to raise all the money in the world.

For your cause.

Anything less than that?

Is that going to be disappointing to you?

It would be a failure.

It's like Kickstarter, I think.

Unless he does, then he doesn't, he'll still give it all back.

I think it'd be really interesting if every single human being gave all of their money and possessions to you.

It would be interesting, yes.

It's worth at least trying.

It's for one day.

We should at least try it.

Let's try it.

For one day.

But then...

I would give it back the next day?

But then money wouldn't exist.

When you think about it, money wouldn't exist because you would have it all.

So it would be worthless, wouldn't it?

One problem, one problem.

Yes, David.

I would say less than half of the world is watching this right now.

So how is the other half going to know?

Well, they should tell them.

How the other half lives.

Yeah.

All right.

Just tell everyone, tell one person.

Everybody, tell everybody.

Probably about half of the world is watching this.

It's like Buddy System.

Okay.

Tell one buddy and then...

Everybody call one person and send everything you own to this guy, this joker, this n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n.

What is your address, by the way?

689 Fordsman's Road.

Right by the river.

Fordsman's Road?

Riverway.

Fordsman's Road.

That's perpendicular to the river.

That's right.

All right.

Fantastic.

David, how do you like to vote?

I'm going to do both because I actually feel I could handle both.

Yeah, that's a great solution.

As long as they're functional.

I'm into function.

In life, if you're faced with a really tough decision, just do both things.

For example...

Oh, should I ask this girl out?

Right.

You know what?

Ask her out and then don't ask her out.

Exactly.

That's what I usually do.

You know?

But in the other order.

For example, the other day I was going to buy this pair of Ditto's jeans.

Did I want them in yellow or in peach?

I didn't know which one.

So what did I do?

I got both.

You know what?

And were you happy when you got home?

Friggin' thrilled.

Yeah.

I bet.

All right.

Great.

That's a great vote.

Jack.

Yes.

FitzGerald.

The Jadfly.

Some of our bones were meant to hold coats.

None of our bones were meant to hold coffee or to be sat on .

Therefore, the human bone furniture idea is a stinker.

I would go for electronics made out of food because I don't have any electronics and it's hard to come by food.

Very sensible answer.

Okay.

For you.

Fantastic.

Well, let me reason out.

Let me tally up the points.

I mean, David, you voted for both.

Which, unfortunately, means that you were disqualified.

So it comes down to Zach voting for the food and also Jack voting for the food.

I'd like to make it clear that I don't want to win.

Okay.

Why is it?

Oh, okay.

Because you're the Jadfly, of course.

So we have this.

And this is interesting.

We have a Zach and we have a Jack.

You know what I mean?

No.

That is interesting.

Jay-Z.

Right?

Like, we're working on so many different levels right now.

Like, it's just crazy.

I can only think of one.

Well, think about the last names, though.

Three syllables, one syllables, and like ten.

That's malaria no more dot org.

It's like, hey, what did you, when you're famous, they give you more syllables?

Yeah.

Operators are standing by the number again.

Eight hundred, two two two, two two, two two.

By the way, there's only one operator, which, you know, I know thousands of you are trying to give money right now.

It's a terrible system.

Stay on the line.

Yeah.

You'll get in in about 24 hours.

It's your hold for about 24 hours.

Can you give me a between one and ten?

I would love to give you a number between one and ten.

Seven point six five three eight nine.

Okay, I'm gonna I'm gonna round that up to eight and I'm gonna just take a look at this deck of cards.

Here we go.

Eight.

Oh my goodness.

That's crazy.

That's that's amazing.

Oh my god.

Someone's holding up an OMG pillow.

People are getting drunk.

Guys, the winner is, unfortunately, I'm so sorry, Jack.

It's you.

Well, I'm disappointed.

I think you made the wrong choice.

This guy should meet Oscar the Grouch.

Or Oscar from the Odd Couple, who, in my opinion, was a grouch.

Yeah.

Maybe that's who you were talking about?

Yes.

Oh, okay.

Yeah, I'm sorry.

I don't mean to reiterate.

Guys, that's what they still would have been like if it were ten degrees cooler.

I wonder it would have it or or if you mean around ninety degrees.

Ninety-eight degrees.

Great band.

Yeah, better temperature.

I love their song.

I touch myself and you are the lover.

You are my lover.

You are my love.

I like to party all the time.

Party all the time.

Yep.

Guys, that's how we play Would You Rather.

We don't need to go into the theme song.

We're past songs at this point.

You know what I mean?

We're just in a state of being here with each other.

Strapped up like a bugger in the southern night.

That's right.

Guys, we just have time for one last thing here on the show before we end the show.

And for those of you watching, we're going to go to New York and see some wonderful stand-up over there.

But for those of you listening, we're about to end the show .

And there's only one thing left to do, and that's a little something called plugs.

Normally we would do plugs.

Plug bag, ding dong, ding dong.

That's the closing of the plug bag theme, but that's okay.

Well, you know, hey, David, we don't have a plug theme.

MalariaNoMore.org.

David, we don't have a plug theme.

Would you like to sing something impromptu about plugs?

I think that you are a sunny, sunny guy.

You have sunshine in your eyes.

And that is under the rug.

And this is the plug.

Great.

I'd like to use that every week.

I'll definitely be checking that out.

Yeah.

Is that on iTunes?

Yeah, you can get that at iTunes or Amazon.

And yeah, just look up plugs under the rug.

Guys, please don't send us any more plug themes because we have a winner right here.

And we're just going to use that every week.

Fantastic.

So guys, what do we have to plug?

Zach, what do you have?

I'm going to be at a Wendy's next week, next Thursday.

I'm promoting my window tinting business in the parking lot called, it's a dumb name.

It's called pitching a tent.

Well, I'm going to give you a chance to just get it out there so that you can get a little promotion. I'm throwing you a bone.

Give our audience the address at Wendy's so that we can come down and check it out.

Thanks.

That address is 551616 Sepulveda Avenue.

Thank you.

Los Angeles.

Fantastic.

And David, what do you have to plug?

You must have this Spielberg movie.

That's amazing.

We're doing the Spielberg movie.

We're shooting that tomorrow.

So it's going to be opening, I think, on Friday.

That's a short turnaround, but I think you guys can do it.

Well, that's because Spielberg, you know, his whole organization and the DreamWorks business and all that.

And so I would say check that out.

We're doing a Europe thing, just promoting it.

You guys are going to Europe, really?

Are you backpacking?

No, no, no.

We're doing a promotion tour.

No, we're hitting places, basically Scandinavia, you know, stuff.

Yeah.

Oh, great.

Denmark, Holland, Sweden, that kind of stuff.

Uh huh.

Yeah.

And we promise to pick up some nets.

Yeah.

I wonder if the movie Mr. Holland's Opus played really well in Holland.

Well, Jim Holland was a friend of mine, so I can ask him.

I'd love that.

Yeah, I'll text him tonight.

Can you get an answer by the end of the show, do you think?

No, I'll text him tonight.

Does it have to wait till tonight, or can you text him right now?

He doesn't like to text except at night.

It's not really night.

I know.

I mean, daylight savings time.

What was the question again?

Did Mr. Holland, sorry, start over?

Did Mr. Holland, Mr.

Oh, you're already up to Holland?

Yeah.

You text really fast.

Well, because I'm like a young generation.

Oh, OK.

Sorry, Mr. Holland's Opus play exceptionally well in the country of Holland.

OK.

And you're asking Jim Holland himself?

Yes.

And his answer, oh, he just responded.

Yes.

His answer is he doesn't know.

He doesn't know.

OK, well, at least we got an answer.

He does not know.

Jack, what do you have to plug here?

Next week, I'll be shutting down a hospice center because a corner of the parking lot is in a former flood zone.

Fantastic.

I would like to plug, first of all, I'll be in Minnesota tomorrow if you're watching this at the Witch Show in St. Paul.

And that's a great show.

So come out and see me.

And I know it's a little weird to plug something, you know, when we're really here to plug Malaria No More.

So let's plug that.

Malaria No More.

No More.

And you should say it like that.

Malaria No More.

Give a dollar.

Dot org.

The Comedy Bang Bang Dollar.

No, don't give $10.

Don't give $10.

That's going to confuse everyone.

If all of a sudden $10 starts coming in, people are going to be like, what is happening here?

This must not be coming from the Comedy Bang Bang Dollar Challenge.

I should be looking in the camera that's on.

This came from someone else.

Give $1 and $1 only and tell them we sent you.

Take $3 out of the tip jar at Starbucks.

Send $1 to Malaria No More.

Another $1 to the High Horses Project.

Another $1 to the Net Removal Project.

And you'll have done more than a day's work.

That's right.

All right.

Well, guys, that's been our show.

Thank you.

Thanks to the home audience for wasting a little time with us.

And Zach and Jack.

I'm still in like, it's like blown my mind.

They do rhyme.

Do you, would you ever consider changing your name to something that rhymes with Zach?

Like pork?

I guess that's kind of a secondary rhyme.

All right.

Yeah, I'll give it to you.

Okay.

Thanks to Zach, Jack, Pork.

Just call me Pork.

This is.

Okay, sorry.

Jack, Pork, and Pork as well.

This is Pork Wayne signing out.

That's great.

That's a good sign off for you.

Good evening.

All right.

This is What's Trending With Pork Wayne.

That's been our show.

Thank you so much.

This has been an Earwolf Media production executive producers, Jeff Ulrich and Scott Aukerman.

For more information, visit earwolf.com.

Earwolf radio.

Boom.

Dot com.

The wolf dead.
