---
layout: page
title: 255. Rob Delaney, Mookie Blaiklock [22480⧸21141].mp3.wav
category: cbb 
---

Twitterer and comedian extraordinaire and now author Rob Delaney is here making a second appearance on the show as well as A guest so big you will not believe who came in here to the studio all of that and more all on today's ♫ Music ♫ Let us now praise famous men placing golden trumpets upon their heads foolishly for no purpose, but for our mirth Welcome to comedy bang bang Boy, that was a mouthful Donald J. Thank you so much for that catchphrase Donald J.

Wonder what the J stands for Jotherland Jazzy Donald Jazzy Jazzy Don Welcome to comedy bang bang if you have a catchphrase submission go You know what to do And welcome to the show. This is Scott Aukerman and it's comedy bang bang for another week. We're mid-november You know what? I mean? How did that happen? It's cold out brrr Midnov Elections last week. Hope they fell in your favor Hope all those props you wanted came under your Christmas tree And Let's see, what do we have to cover almost Thanksgiving we have the big Comedy bang bang vote for the year and best of coming up. I believe we'll do that two weeks from today. I believe So start thinking about what your favorite shows of the year are maybe this one will be one of your your favorite so far It's not much right home about it's just been me talking giving announcements, but hey, it'll heat up Hopefully in just a sec, but yeah, we we have a vote you vote on your favorite episodes of the year and then we put them in the best of at the end of the year and that'll be coming up in a couple of weeks and Let us get to our guest of honor We honor thee how does that feel really pleasant? Thank you He is a returning champion He was on the show broing out. We brought out pretty hard last time you're here We did I remember the I think the catchphrase for that show although it was before the show had official catchphrases I think we all wound up yelling at each other how you weigh How you weigh you are one of the you were on the original how you weigh we've played how you weigh several times We're gonna check in with how you weigh In just a moment actually let me tease that that'll maybe be in the next segment you know him as a Comedian number one I would say that's number one number two father Right fact number three husband. Mm-hmm You know him as a human being mm-hmm homo sapien. Thank you You know him as white. Yeah, I'm a Caucasian. Mm-hmm. Cacoz oid, you know him as a Man with a huge Twitter following. I'm blessed in that area and Now author yeah, I wrote a book Oh Rob Delaney is here.

Hello Rob. Welcome back. Thank you for having me How you weigh? No, no, you know what? Let's save it. Let's save it. God. I want to know though I wish I didn't have so much to say about it. We'll get there. We'll get there Rob welcome back to the show. I'm honored and excited to be here. Thank you now For those of you who don't know Rob the minute I say your name. Mm-hmm If you're on Twitter, yeah, which I believe is it's sort of microblogging Is that how you would describe it? That's fair. Yeah. Yeah sort of a micro combinate microblog feed curate your own news 140 characters is the maximum people are allowed to yeah use but you can use under that as well You can you don't you that's you don't have to hit it right on the money the ceiling What now would Twitter have been as popular if you had to hit it right on the money with 140 characters?

Wow, it would have been weird It would have been because it would have been like iambic pentameter where you know where you have to fit into that or haiku I think I'm no I don't think it would have been More people would have been like tried to tell you about the burrito they ate and then they would have been like Yep, do you think?

150 characters would it have been as popular? You're the Twitter expert Rob I think it would have been Whatever the distance between 140 to 150 is that's not quite 10% but is that 6% I think it would have been what a corresponding Percentage less popular because 140 brevity, you know a little longer I think that would have been the amount of people fewer who would have cared about it It's really taken this country by storm. What do you have to say about that?

I have to say that I mean the good thing about it Is that you can go online and just really see whatever you want to see you can coming the internet is a swirling toilet And if you can sort of sift and pick out, you know, the gym Through the corny poop. Yep and find you know, the the bil irubin and other poop ingredients That's the thing that makes poop brown by the way Which I want to talk about poop here for one second because this is what I was thinking about the other day It's waste right? Yes. Okay, should we as human beings be trying to eat?

Only what we need so that we don't poop at all. I am authorized or rather equipped to speak about that because I have a seven-month-old and He just started doing solid food I guess maybe a month and a half ago and before that he's drinking breast milk and he did a thing that some babies do Most don't but but some do and it's totally healthy and he pooped almost never And babies can do that because if they're drinking breast milk breast milk is such a perfect food that they metabol ize it Almost a hundred percent So I I have having seen a person be very healthy and vibrant and happy Pooping close to not at all I think you're on to something and I mean god knows we plenty of garbage that has no nutritional value Should we be drinking breast milk? Yes. Yeah, should we be drinking your wife's breast milk? Everyone should be is this a new side business?

You're coming up with I'd like if you're listening get to pumping. Yeah That's so awful. I feel that just as a man with a with a microphone right now I would like to just shout out to all the pumping moms out there and say god bless you I know it's hard to hook that machine up to your bosoms and and hit play or whatever And it's if that machine had a button it said suck I mean it might as well that at least would give the women a laugh when they're doing it because it's a pretty brutal It's not fun at all. It's not a lot of women who work have to do that So I just want to say hats off to you ladies Mmm, you literally just took off your hat. I had a moment ago. You're wearing one of those beer hats that your hat Yeah, that has the straws and it was too heavy. It hurt my neck. Yeah, I understand Rob Back to pooping so we should not be pooping. What about pee ing? Is that waste or is that no?

I think it's good to pee because you know It means that your kidneys are functioning like not pooping didn't mean that my son's in GI tract wasn't working But even the doctors say they're like if your poop if your kid poops like every 10 days don't sweat it But if they don't pee all the time go to the emergency room , okay So you do want to be peeing you want to be peeing all the time and never I would trade that I wish I could never poop. Yeah, I know it's a time. Yeah, and then it's not just the time It's like just the act it's so demeaning like, you know Like I'm gonna take my pants down You would think we'd have evolved past that now God, but we 're doing quite the opposite. I wish you could I wish you know Society hadn't evolved the way that it did. Mm-hmm where all of a sudden there's shame attached to it I wish that we could just walk down the street naked and just let like let poop just fall out of our butts You know in Korea people do that in Canada people do there are places where people do that really?

and Korea So back to Twitter, yes It's on the internet. Yeah, it's yeah, or you can do it on that's how people access it You can do it on a standard, you know ground line computer or you can do it on your phone now Can you call if you if you have a landline? Yeah, can you call Twitter and Somebody you know some like I bet that's how Wes Anderson gets his tweets He calls up headquarters and they read them to him through a phonograph You should be able to that would be fun And I'm sure there's some app where you can call and get them read to you has Twitter reach out to you like the the actual Website or the people have they ever like contacted you it what?

How does that go I was summoned by a senior vice president there and they had me come in They didn't say like get there's a plane outside your home get on it We need to see you, but they said I was up in San Francisco They said would you like to come by and I said yeah, and basically they had a bunch of of people Across different strata I guess of the company and they wanted to know sort of what I liked about it what I didn't like what I You know felt I got out of it if I had any suggestions or ideas, you know, and yeah, I think they just since I do Tweet a lot and I'm fortunate to have a large number of people paying attention to what I say on there I guess they just you know, they probably do that with other people did they take any of your suggestions?

None at all. They they rejected them soundly. I mean, I basically was like I think what I said was like Yeah, every new thing you do is totally unnecessary In silly and all I'd want to do is write jokes and hit bler p and have people read them And that's it and they were like, maybe they'll change it to the blerp and they should but they were like, yeah We'd like to make money and I was like, well, you gotta do Yeah, what do you think? I mean all the what have they done recently? Like they I don't it's like they separated I don't even know Yeah Not to get too nerdy but that map that I use because I primarily interact with Twitter on my phone rather than computer It actually does what I want it done and it just makes it so all you see is the tweets nothing special It's yeah, practically like what app do you use? It's called tweet bot tweet bot. Yeah. All right Twitter is out there if you want to be as popular as Rob Delaney it tweet bot need tweet bot Yeah, is it a free app? It's not I think it's maybe $2.99 or we should explain by the way app stands for application Yeah, I guess it does that makes sense. I didn't know what it yeah. No, it probably does and yeah, it's it's pretty cheap And it's worth it. I think $2.99 cheap to some expensive to others. I mean it all depends on how much money you may absolutely absolutely I should that was a little cavalier for me to just say $2.

99 isn't a lot of money You know what? I mean? I mean there's plenty of you know, I should probably even say the full here I am saying $2.99. I what I mean is two hundred ninety nine thousand dollars No, but I mean you're joking but we should say that it's two hundred and ninety nine pennies We should say that or another way to say that is two dollars and ninety nine dollars and ninety nine cents Yeah, so if people are interested in this just get that in your mind before you go ahead Yeah, don't purchase because then you might find your bank account drained And then you get a $40 Charge. Yeah overdraft. Yeah, how long has it been since you've been concerned about overdraft charges I'm like when you've made it you stop thinking about overd raft charges, right? Yeah, I would say I overdrafted fucking constantly all the time I mean I I belonged to Washington mutual before the recession huge and I Would I would sustain the $40 overdraft fee? I mean maybe 75 times I mean and I'm not exaggerating and I don't think I've overdrafted in probably in probably three years It's a good feeling when you'd no longer overdraft Yeah, I remember calling up a bank to argue about overdraft like spending a half hour Oh, yeah, because like at that point your time is worth anything So it's like may as well like argue with someone to get that $40 back totally boy. Yeah, that's that's a good feeling When you're in show business at the level that we are at where you no longer overdraft Oh, that's having made it the distance between being in crushing debt and being like should I kill myself today or tomorrow?

the difference between that and Not being worried about overdraft is much much much further than the difference between us and like Jerry Seinfeld times five Oh, yeah It'd be that that's just gravy and if being able to make a living a comedy is insane now speaking of Making because you said the word making I did in the last sentence. Yes Now you made something recently which is a book. I did make a book And you made it by writing it. I did write the whole thing Yeah, so I what I mean naturally my mind goes to the question. Tell me about this book. Oh, yeah That is yeah Wow. Mmm. You really get to the heart of the matter You know, what's funny is I actually read the audio version . It took me three days. How do you read an audio version?

That doesn't make sense. You listen to it, right? I'm on Rob. I read a paper manuscript of it I recorded the audio over there we go I hit the suck button and then I began to record the breast milk of my book and it was uh, it took three days to do and And when you say three days, do you mean you're constantly like you didn't go to bed?

No, I should say three man days three work man days. So like four hours a day More than that, but not May between four Maybe it was four hours one day five the other and seven the other. Okay, so we're talking about 16 hours Which you could have done in two days probably had I not you powered through but it's hard. It's difficult to read Oh, well, I could have but my voice sort of towards the end of it when you're talking incessantly without stopping I gets tired and I wanted people to have a pleasurable listening experience and not gonna be going like creak slap pull meet Peel, you know, he's doing you're by the way for the listener. You're doing the motions of your lips moving. Yes , I was yes and So but anyway, I mentioned that because at the end of it I read the acknowledgments and I said that it was hard writing a book was harder than raising a child And I maintain that but now that we have two kids It's actually it's not as hard as two kids writing a book was harder for me than having one kid But it is not as hard as in between one and it's like having a kid and a half It's like having a kid that you love a lot and one that you don't care. I've heard of coppin a half but crazy it is but Tell me about this book because we've obviously covered Twitter and yes, and for those of people who don't know what it is We've explained it pretty well. Yeah, we've talked at length about what you do on Twitter We had yeah, I think you mentioned most jokes that you've told on Twitter I read the ball if I'm remembering this interview correctly I did so now what I want to know is like what is the book because you obviously?

You know you have a hundred and forty character limit Twitter on Twitter, but in a book Technically there is no limit. Yeah, there's a the book is around 70,000 words in length which is longer and and what is the the average word is probably seven characters That's my average. Yeah seven, and we're talking you know a good 1,000 characters at least in this book yeah at least and The book I guess we'd start with a title the book is called Rob Delaney mother wife sister human warrior Falcon yard stick turbine cabbage And it's funny. I wrote you know some people you read a book, and it'll say on the cover like bye You know Rick Springfield, and you know James Greenberg, and it's really James I really wrote this whole thing with with Rick Springfield with Springfield yeah, no I wrote the whole book myself, but the thing that the publisher did Was she said like here's the thing you you get to write the book But the title of it is this and she said it was gonna be that which the publisher said that was what the title Oh, she didn't make it up. She I did a tweet one time which is like yeah I love it when people's Twitter bios are like Mother right you know cuz and the sort of seed behind that is you know how people will do that They'll put like a famous actor will be like journeyman Lover you know caresser of Susan my beloved like I don't give it. It's like shut the fuck up You're an actor nobody cares, and so I was just making fun of that and she thought well Then that should be your title your potential. It's a great title. Thank you. It's long It's actually right off the tongue I have to say out of all the things that a publisher could force you to do that's like a good force Like for a comedian of like no really you were making me.

Yeah, how'd that be the title?

Oh, no, yeah, totally and she did that and then she also was like I had ideas for the cover shoot And she was like oh those sound great Here's the cover and which was really nice because she knows how to market what is the cover it's me in a suit kind of Walking past the camera being like oh hey didn't see you there. It's one of those. It's pretty fun So now do you suggest then people go into bookstores and look for that picture?

Or how do you think they should find the book well the good they look under your name like alphabetically Just look around in every picture. That's on every book until they find that picture well enter blindfolded And then using a tactile senses see if you can feel the book and if you try take out the line filled and then go To memoirs or comedy or biography one of those it should be in all three, and then yeah, you'll see the image But it's also the it's called Rob Delaney You know colon etc the rest of the title and is it is it a you mentioned the word memoir Yes, and biography is it it is those things is it comedy writing or what it would exactly is definitely Funny people are telling me. Thank God and but it is about me because basically the publisher saw me do An hour of stand-up a couple years ago 60 minutes. Yeah 60 minutes, and then Then like the two sitcoms, and then she also read some advice columns cuz I wrote for Vice magazine for a while And she said hey you want to write a book, and I said you know Julie I'd like that and I was like a great conversation.

Yeah, she's pretty She's a pretty amazing woman Julie growl is her name, and I 'm forever indebted to her She's not literally like you don't owe her money on this book. Do you?

You know I pay you to do this Don't you pay you to do the book of course you know she and her company?

Spiegel and growl an imprint of Random House you know make money for every book sold I think the only way I could owe her money would be if I did something terrible or violated a contract Horribly, then I think they could squeeze money out of me.

Did you have to sign like a clause about your conduct I Don't know that I did I don't know that I did and now when I go into like contract Which agency only thing I tell my agents is like they'll do basically whatever and they can even pay me less as long as they Understand that I'll do whatever the hell I want in all other areas because freedom is so important But Michael talked about it at one point. Oh wow in 1990. I believe okay freedom And So yeah, well where were we sort of conversation? Well? We 're talking about this great conversation you had about the boat Oh, yeah, and yeah, so she's amazing. She's wonderful. She published orange is the new black That's a low hers, and yeah, she's just remarkable and she you know guided me through the process and the first draft was very painful I hated writing it I wanted to die throughout But then once I gave it to her and then she would send it back to me and say like hey have you thought About this or maybe I don't understand this or could you liaise between these two?

Editor does yeah, and so then I really began to enjoy it, but the first especially for a comedian It was really painful to write a book in a dirty underground basement facing the wall when I'm used to Telling a joke on stage and having people either say hey, that's fantastic or fuck you drink gasoline I enjoy that but you're also used. I mean you're used to writing the tweets in that same basement Yeah, I do typically write them in the basement, but they 're as they are shorter I can then go up and get a little sunlight right and with the book. It's just Faves you get faves, and it's a it's sort of a long Dark night of the soul type thing how many people do you hope fav this book?

Oh, God a lot my sincere Hope for the book is that half of the people in the world read it and enjoy it and then the other half of the People in the world are like why can't I stop hearing about this book, please could he get hit by a bus?

So I really yeah scorched earth policy you mentioned orange is the new black I did and I have to say that for a long time people were talking about that show and I thought it was oranges Colin the new black oh my god. Yeah, that would be I'd like that didn't make any sense to me Yeah, orange is the new black yeah sort of a fashion. Yeah, so Your book how many chapters how many pages let's get into specifics five sections. I think it's 210 15 pages or so and Yeah, five sections how many chapters more than five, but I don't know you don't know okay?

But you're about to embark on this big press tour and I have these are the kind of questions No, they know that's tip that's the most important one.

That's usually the opener Can you can you tell me what the first sentence is and the last sentence the first sentence of the book is something?

I think it's like we got our first microwave when I was 10 I think that might be the first yeah And then the last one the last sentence the last phrase is only for about 40 minutes or so That I so I can just imagine what comes in between a lot.

Yeah a lot There's some good stuff and but it's I I'm proud of it I enjoyed their revisions although as I said writing the first draft was too hard and Just yeah excited God for people to decide for people to read it. Do you hope?

Okay, New York Times bestseller list. Where are you gonna come? Okay, it's already come out. Yes at this point, right ?

We're recording this about a week in advance. So it hasn't come out yet for us, right?

Where do you hope it lands on the bestseller list?

Do you think number one is too ostentatious or would you prefer like down below like in six or well?

my suspicion is that for somebody of my stature number one would be difficult because You know, well, of course, you know, we're gonna market the hell out of it and promote it and all that There are people, you know, what if Bill Clinton writes a book? What if Martha Stewart, you know, they're like this client luminaries Who could be having books come out that I don't know about so I would I hope that it is on the New York Times best seller list But what number I wonder if Bill Clinton would ever write a book about what the definition of is is, you know Yeah, that would be pretty cool. Yeah, he he the same woman who recorded me reading my audiobook Recorded his and really? Yeah, so we talked yesterday. Yeah , did she have some good stuff?

She said all she said was he was a very good reader and you know You could tell that it was he personally wrote the whole thing and very heartfelt in them and incredibly well read and that he complained A lot more than I did throughout the process. That's what she said Well, you know, yeah Okay, so we all need to buy this book it's out now it came out last Tuesday Say that title again Rob Delaney mother wife sister human warrior Falcon yardstick turban cabbage Fantastic, so go out buy that book Listen to the which would you rather people do listen to the audio version or buy the book couldn't give a shit I really don't care because I listen to audiobooks and I enjoy them very much So I think it's a fine way to consume a book but then you know reading if you're reading you can smell it and that's pretty Powerful, so I guess maybe I would lean towards however If you listen to it, you can smell whatever you want whatever you choose to I I think that there are many smells that are Better I mean unless you could smell like you know paper.

Yeah, I love the smell of the book Maybe you can smell it while you have your nose buried in a lover's neck or something like it Yeah, that's what I'm saying is like if you can just choose whatever you want to smell like you could yeah chocolate Yeah, you could smell flowers. Yeah Yeah, I guess if you're good at picking the smells around yourself with then do the audio if you're not then read the book Okay, great. So that's settled When we come back a little more Rob Delaney and we are going to find out How he way Plus we have another guest coming up right after this come right back with comedy bang bang after this Comedy bang bang we are back with Rob Delaney comedian extraordinaire Is that how you would describe yourself? Oh, yeah. Yeah, absolutely And you're out there touring a lot. I know yeah Yeah, I just got back from or I guess at the time of this broadcast all been back for a while But Edinburgh London reading leads those are all in the UK.

Do you find that your brand of comedy?

Translates to another country successfully as long as it's an english-speaking country my big trip up in the beginning of performing in the UK was like being tentative being like Oh, are they gonna get this and then I found the secret to success is just blast through like pretend you're absolutely Performing in a suburb of Milwaukee and then they're gonna get it because they're not idiots and right They're just cross-pollination of UK and US TV. They get it . All right. Well speaking of getting it. Let's get to it How you weigh? Yeah, so I'm gonna tell you how much I weigh right now Yeah, you remember how this yeah, I do how you weigh. Yeah.

Yeah, I weigh 237 about right now It's got to be a lot more than you weigh We don't know at this point cuz I'd screwed up the game already. No. No, I mean we're on track Okay, how you weigh last time you were here. Do you remember Oh, probably I bet I weighed 220 220 low she went up. Oh, yeah. What's going on the kids?

Yeah. Yeah two kids in the interim Maybe I had one last time. I don't even know And you know, I don't drink I don't smoke. I don't do drugs . I love to exercise I consume pornography I'm just saying that speak not who cares but it is a vice I want people to know I'm human, but I don't do those other things because I'm sober and I think Psychologically, I wrestle with the fact that now that I'm 36 I actually have to watch what I eat and I really resent that so I need to do something to lose weight Don't know what it is. I mean you're rather it's probably eat less. But how am I gonna achieve that?

I don't know. So I struggle with weight. I don't know that it's eat less as much as it is eat different things Yeah, it's and I love to eat garbage. I love to eat healthy things too. I love to eat I mean I cook them vegetarian stuff. My wife has helped me become quite a good chef and And then but I'll totally eat McDonald's twice in one day.

So you are a chef then I just described yourself as a chef You got me I did say that even though it's not true. I mean I do cook a lot Do you make your wife call you chef when you're in the kitchen?

Well, I mean do you make your wife call you fireman when we 're wearing fire outfit? Yeah, I mean, okay Yes, so that's all you need to say. I mean I cook a lot is what I'm saying Fantastic. Well, that is how we play how you weigh fantastic We have another guest coming up here on the show and I and Rob you you have to be excited by this I'm pretty thrilled. This is an amazing get for a podcast.

I mean you're you are an amazing get How I mean, however when you have a star of this stature, I don't know why he is the second guest I don't either I should have led the hour. Yeah with this. I don't know Bizarre, but hey, please welcome Michael Jackson. Hey, hey, hey everybody. It's great to be back from hell It's good to see you. Hey Michael Good to be here Scott. Thank you so much. Can't wait to read that book Rob. Hee hee. Thank you. So Michael let's talk about it. You you passed away Quite a few years back of four. Sure did it was real sad For four years ago I believe our fifth show you passed away the day before it and we we talked a lot about it. I Remember that show do you? Fitting tribute Scott. Thank you You know the best part about when you died was of course I was sad but they played your music all the time on the radio It makes me wish you would resurrect and then die again. So they would just keep doing it Well, guess what Rob you got your wish I've been resurrected. This is awesome If I've been on good behavior, they'll put me into the body of an overweight white person and let me walk the earth Do my thing?

Yeah, I didn't want to say that but for the listener you don't look like Michael Jackson at all No, I look like a pasty white overweight person In shorts and a t-shirt, but it's the only way I get to walk the earth here and there But on good behavior every once in a while. My best friend Satan says get on up there MJ Are you taking over someone's body or is this a new body that's been constructed for you taking over someone's body So their consciousness is not active currently It's about a day at a time and then the fat white person will wake up in a ditch probably sometime tomorrow morning And kind of stumble back home and continue with their life.

Hmm. Is it the same person every time you come up here?

Uh-huh. Oh great He yeah So good behavior in hell. That's an interesting concept. Is it Rob? I mean if I don't do any bad stuff No bad stuff I why do you think I'm in hell in the first place?

He know I would guess I mean, you know for your the crimes you committed that you have not been prosecuted for right We all know what we're talking about Is that what they do they say that a lot in hell by the way , are you funny? Yeah, well That's only people when they're on their way down You know when you die, they say where do you think you go in heaven to hell?

And if you say hell they go you get That's a funny joke, are you there like st. Peter when you know greeting people in hell at the gates of hell No, that's not my official job, but they let me do it every now and then it's gotta be comforting If I went to hell and Michael Jackson were right there You know what I mean, it's like it's like when they get up when they get a celebrity You know when on the Ellen show when they get a celebrity to walk out on the lot and greet people They were gonna see Amy Poehler out there, but they did I get to him and be Michael Jackson the king of pops here greet I kind of want to go to hell now. I know What do you look like in hell do you look like the Michael Jackson we know and love like are you thriller era are you Bad era well in hell you look like them Whatever your perception of your worst self is So yours would be like You're like off the wall That's what I look like in hell like being a Fat fuck wait when you're up in heaven What does that mean when I'm up on earth? I'm sorry hold up wait you get do you get to go to heaven sometimes?

No, no no no no they won't let me there. They have a picture with my thing says do not serve with your thing Is that how people recognize each other in heaven just by the penis penis like do they not have faces out there That's how I would think that it would be up in heaven like we're like who needs to be trapped in these bodies that our Parents gave us you know just like you know we're all pen ises. We're all vaginas You know let us just hang out with a chairs about I keep saying every time I go to a daycare center Why are you good, what do you do when you're up here on earth like as the the fat pasty Chubby guy I just hang out get some fresh air see if anybody needs me to babysit Michael come on Is this your favorite podcast to do I love this podcast yeah, I like before when you're talking about titty milk Well we were talking we weren't talking about that to be salacious We were talking about that to help women understand that you know we're sympathetic to we were very serious about that Yeah, that was I don't I don't appreciate you kind of making life serious Well I should write that down that's a good song lyric are you gonna make more music oh Yeah, but make it. Do you want to know who my band in hell is I have a band It's it's all-star. It's Keith moon on drums Jimmy Hendrix on guitar why he go to hell Ariel Castro on bass And me on lead vocals he he Wow are they are they any good? Oh?

Yeah Huh, we're called little devils oh It seems like you've always been a solo artist other than the Jackson 5 it seems like you would want to you know They opened up my mind to a collaboration I mean we only do my solo covers, but wait so they cover your own solo songs Is that yes?

And Jimmy Hendrix is cool with that. He's like. I'll just I 'll just play your stuff Oh, yeah, man. He whales I bet you didn't know that Keith moon and Jimmy Hendrix went to hell. You know why why is that?

Drugs are sin I would I got I I think they're just something that you or the choice to take drugs is the sin Yeah, that's part of the reason. I'm in hell too. This is my special milk Milk no dr. Conrad Murray gave oh, yeah all the tapes of me dancing I'm so happy to report and never heard those. Yeah, I don't think I heard oh you can get him on YouTube I don't think they were gonna be searching promise. I won't I'll just send them to you. I got oh, that's okay. How do you email people in in hell?

iPhone I didn't realize you were allowed this every dead iPhone goes to hell Steve Jobs in hell ah Unfortunately no ah that's too bad. Do you wanted him, huh?

Yeah, just cuz didn't get him in the draft how much of a visionary he is now He's in heaven, but he stops by now every now and then to give a TED talk Definitely have TED talks in hell oh So you have like events special events and stuff like that.

Yeah. Yeah, we have a three legged race Every month we have a three legged race three months. Yeah first of the month The first Wednesday of every month, okay?

Depends on the year yep Well, it depends on how many Wednesdays are near First one of the month would technically make 12, I think yeah, I think so yeah, and there's There'd be 52 Wednesdays every year. I think around there.

Yeah, sometimes maybe 53 51 Sometimes I guess I didn't think of it. Yeah, we do three legged race. We have we have fun runs It's great. I love it. I mean the whole time Devils are chasing us and poking our butts with little pitchforks Okay, yeah that must inflate. You know your time So many I have so many questions about just hell and how it works that are Answers that are non Michael Jackson specific us yeah like a physical location Or is it like a plane that you experience like where is it in the galaxy so now when you see hell in movies? Yeah?

Kind of everything's fire lava rocks sure and Satan sits on a throne Well that's incredible that movies could get something like that right you know that's incredible yeah, it's very hot And we all sleep in what I can only describe is like a stone pizza oven And we sleep inside of it, it's real hot But and it's you get you get the pain and the burns But you don't die from the burns cuz you have to stay awake and alive in hell. Oh, but you sleep though in the Usually I get used to it now. I could get a good night's sleep. That's good I just I just put in some headphones mm-hmm With my iPhone from the recording of me saying So where is it located though?

I think is Rob's question is it like another dimension Or is it like can you actually drive to it if we were if we had good directions get this It's in the core of the earth It's hot in there so that makes a lot of sense molten core Oh all the all the heat in hell is what keeps earth warm oh There we are you know what?

Since I got there it got a lot hotter so guess what everybody that actually is what's causing global warming.

It's a myth So wait you Going to hell you dying and going to hell it makes it makes Satan's blood boil so much because he's so upset because of the terrible things I did on earth And everything's in the pot in the ice caps and melt more and every all you yahoos who think global warming's a real thing Well no it's Republicans It's still real even though you're you're just saying that we know it's a different reason it's not Yeah, but it's not what it's not from people those only depleted yeah individual apple pie wrappers on the side of the road Okay Satan's blood boil so much like he's finally got you why would he be so upset like he's fight He's finally torturing you for your crimes. Are you showing him up? Why?

He's disgusted by the look of me he's disgusted by what I did even what I did was more disgusting than most people Doesn't even make his blood boil that much Wow so so No yeah that one So Satan's actually kind of a good guy. He actually has a moral compass, and he he feels oh no That's how bad this shit. I did was he's Satan man, and I even I piss him off I gotta kind of walk on eggshells a little bit down there People aren't super nice to me I gotta be honest Worst part is oh, what's in hell I can have sex with whoever I want over 18 I'm so sorry Michael. Oh wait you're crying you're saying Oh My gosh, this is a fascinating story though. Why are you I mean you're here up on earth Why are you wasting so much time and hanging out with us?

Yeah? This isn't a waste of time This is Satan's favorite podcast what?

Oh my god, we got to get a pull quote from him congratulations. Oh, I can make that happen Even though he hates you so much. Yeah, well I have to do him a favor or something like that like what favors do you have to do Satan well?

I have to I have to clean his penis With like cleaning supplies or your mouth well with cleaning supplies, but sometimes if he's not looking you know what I'm saying He's over 18 though he's billions of years old huh sound like you like that I know I I gotta get it somewhere sure Yeah, oh, so you technically are a demon when you're in hell you're not a human being yeah, I'm a demon now I'm just trapped. Well. I'm not trapped. No we we know the story Good behavior that Satan is really upset at you more than anyone else in hell yeah for your good behavior You're allowed to walk around on earth In the guise of this fat man, you know what I did to earn this good behavior, it's that this time around I Just locked myself in my pizza oven I Just stayed in there for a year. Yeah, I didn't do anything while everyone else is having three-legged races and dead talks Oh wow yeah, and he let me out cuz I didn't do anything pretty much anything. I do pisses him off Yeah, yeah, I got a cleanest penis cleanest pitchfork clean his tail and his horns. It's all the pointy stuff all the pointy stuff Well his butt too. I guess it's well. That is pretty pointed About his forking tongue yeah, it's more good tongue Yeah, and I also have to I have to um I have to sing everybody I have to sing a song for everybody at dinner time oh What song do you sing?

That make me hungry yeah, it's just that one I try and say hey guys we all we're all demons I was perfect for thriller. It's like the video, but nobody wants to hear thriller. Yeah, it's kind of played out Yeah, but don't stop till you get enough. It's like kind of like hey keep eating until Well this is fascinating Really quite an opportunity. Thank you. I wouldn't have thought I wanted to meet you, but I'm glad that I did This isn't a waste of a day. I'm so happy that you like my stories nobody in here likes my stories really It's hard to bend someone's ear huh yeah Well tell you what why don't we take a break we'll have more Michael Jackson more Rob Delaney after this and I mean this is An historic podcast yes is remarkable. This is again. Yeah, I tell you I mean you were good Rob to be honest well I played how you wait I was fun. Yeah, what's fun, but you know yeah Amazing all right well let's talk to both of you more, and we come back. We'll be right back out of this comedy baby Comedy bang bang we're back here with Rob Delaney of course , but bigger news mm-hmm Michael Jackson reincarnated Sort of the shell of well I would could only describe as a disgusting human being yeah a slightly overweight white person Slightly I would you know I'd just go full Yeah, okay, I Guess I'm in the mindset of the person whose body. I'm in is trying to make it better for themselves So do you find yourself sharing that person's consciousness ? Oh, yeah a little bit. Yeah, yeah My god, I've been reading a lot of mad magazine this week I don't know why I never read that magazine before but I guess the person whose bodies. I mean really likes it It's a good magazine Well This has been an amazing November show I mean and You died in August I believe yeah, I'm August or July. That's was all you know where and speaking of Rob Delaney You know how I found out about that Twitter. Yeah. Oh, yeah , I was taking a nap mm-hmm That and that's that just goes to show like never take a nap because look what happens I'm could happen you wake up and Michael Jackson's dead He took a forever nap Oh so much you could have achieved I would have loved to have seen that world tour that aeg tour You know yeah, oh god. I know that I know a hell of a movie . They made about it. This is it Was it is this it?

This is it is the strokes album. Oh, yeah Did you find yourself kind of confused by that title like going hey people are gonna get it confused with the strokes were you concerned?

About that at all not me Yeah, what'd you think about that movie?

So this is it movie it seemed like you were kind of like performing at half speed like hey Yeah, I know. This is a run-through. I'm just gonna sort of well. I was dying Good point point. That's a really good point You know I just wanted to put on a good show for my fans, and I was old and tired and My skin was falling off Yeah, my hair was falling out sure kind of like my Pepsi commercial. Well. It wasn't falling out it got burned off Oh same deal. Oh boy. You know life. It's tough stuff for everyone It really is you know when you hear someone like Michael Jackson who seemingly has it all you know what I mean and the stuff He has to go through cleaning that pitchfork Yeah, yeah, yeah that I don't know where do you hope you go Rob do you hope you go down below?

I mean if we're talking about you know hell heaven thing like that. I don't believe in that stuff I hope that I we have proof right here good point yeah, so then I hope I go to heaven I do if it's I mean if I had to be no offense with him or near him that would bum me out terribly Yeah, so I do Know he's gonna hang out for a little bit in like a novelty way But ultimately I'd like to be around happier better people and you mentioned that penises up there don't require cleaning I'd rather be up there. Yeah. Yeah, who do you who would you love to hang out with living or dead?

Um you know when I think about that Stevie Wonder has got to be amazing. I think he's alive. He's alive. Yeah I need to do it with him on bad called just good friends Probably your best song yeah, that's quite a song thanks. I was a better collaboration than the Paul McCartney one Which of the two say say say or the girl is mine the girl is mine mmm. I liked it better because Stevie couldn't see how much of a monster But he could sense it I mean his other senses clearly yeah, he has heightened senses like daredevil Yeah, he could smell how much of a monster. I was yeah, that's enough I mean, that's the oldest part of the brain right the sense yeah smell part so Stevie Wonder That's the person you'd most like to hang out with is crazy about him He's probably listening right now because he's heard the big news on my guys and that's true Hey Stevie Stevie Great talking to you Check easy for you Stevie. I just come by your compound or wherever you live You know make it easy bring a meal or something. Yeah, and you don't have to search Rob out. No no Yeah, I mean yeah, you're a hero to me, and I would love to meet you So just let me know how we can do that. Yeah, what's the best thing he ever did in your opinion?

I think maybe the song as on songs from the key of life I mean that song is pretty speaking of George Michael. He did a great version of it with Mary J. Blige. Oh my god I haven't even heard that yeah, I'll send it to you Wow you know what he also Did that I can't listen to without crying he covered Bonnie rates. I can't make you love me yeah great Wheel of Fortune in the before-and-after credit category was George Michael Jackson back in the 90s. I think It's a hell of a show and your favorite singer yeah, my me Michael Jackson, yeah, that's true It's Michael isn't bad either. Yeah, I think they were talking about the George Michael from arrested development though Well guys it's time for our favorite feature on the show Rob I wonder if you played this last time I know we played how you weigh, but I don't know if you played this last time But it's time for a little something that we like to call would you rather?

Hmm Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh I Love to hear more Michael Jackson isms over this song like Michael Jackson remix They took away, I'm only allowed to use he they took away chamomone and oh you can't do oh No that was my favorite in the middle of the video just like I'm gonna get in trouble for Santa just now. Oh man. How do you get in trouble? You know?

I Did for it's gonna go someplace or I don't want it your brush Alright guys. We know how this is played people send me would you rather scenarios to my Twitter?

And yeah look I'm not pretending to have as good of a Twitter as you Rob well. Hey look It's it's quantity or quality not quantity. We're just saying it was Freudian slip you're right damn it. I'm sorry you actually think it's quantity I Don't But people send it to the show's Twitter, which is at CBB w ir which is comedy bing bong would you rather?

Please don't send it to me. You know how that can get people are constantly clogging up your feet right it can get pretty bananas I'm happy that people want to communicate with me But sometimes you like compliments better, or do you like people telling you how much you suck better?

Oh, I mean it depends as long as if either of them are heartfelt. I don't care You know what I mean because I love a good roast I mean nothing makes me happy than being skillfully made fun of so I probably like that a little better But if somebody's like genuinely kind and so do I really enjoy that thing and I'm never gonna get tired of that You know who else loves a good roast Satan. He does indeed.

Oh, yeah Yep, tell us more all we eat is roasted pigs, and then we make fun of it before we eat it There's some of the best jokes that people have cracked about these pigs I called it officer once Yeah, so that's that's an insult to a pig as well as you compare a pig to a police officer Oh, yeah, they hate that I bet you and I said I also said Hey that Apple in your mouth is the only Apple product that 's been beneficial to any of us down here since all the iPhones came Or of a singer not a comedian All right, so anyway this comes to us from John Severs John asks, would you rather Me me me me me Would you rather watch every James Bond movie back-to-back for the rest of your life?

Did we do this one recently?

We may have done this one. Anyway, hey different players It'll be it'll be a different outcome Would you rather watch every James Bond movie back-to-back for the rest of your life or use the word butthole in every sentence?

Okay, I'm opening the floor for questions Now you you ask me questions in order to help narrow down your choice. Oh, okay Yeah, when you use the word butthole in every sentence. Yes , sir Does it have to have a sexual connotation Does every sentence you say from now on have to have doesn 't have to be like?

Well, I love that little butthole I don't think most people are using the word butthole in a sexual connotation Most people are like complaining about their own butthole.

You know what Scott? I'm not most people No, it does not have to have a sexual it just has to contain the word butthole somewhere in the sentence But it can't just be tacked on at the end of the sentence ie like oh everyone knows that like Tourette's I have to say butthole at the end. You have to find a way to work it Okay, the sentence has to make sense and it has to be contained within the con Can butthole be a substitute noun for other things like could you say like could you hand me that butthole?

But obviously I mean glass of orange juice Unfortunately, no, you can't be the guy who yeah, you get it butthole is my thing Uh-huh And when I say butthole it's gonna mean something else you have to make every sentence It has to be contained in there and it has to mean a butth ole and it has to so even if somebody says Try this sandwich and describe the taste of it you'd have to say butthole in there Yeah, you'd have to say unlike a butthole. Okay, this tastes Juicy buttery our friend Merrill Schindler would have more to say right or you could be like, hey All juicy and buttery Like on a first date you could be like you're very beautiful. I feel my butthole tangle when I look into your eyes Yes, that would be yeah, that would be perfect. Yeah, that 's not the worst thing in the world Now with the watching every James Bond movie. Do you?

Is it just you're in a chair the rest of your life is just watching them or are they playing in the background?

Are you wearing Google?

Like a couple of months ago. I'm remembering yeah, no out for this. I'll change it. Yeah You they are playing like Google Glass in your glasses all the time. Okay? Yeah, so you're watching them constantly In your glasses, you're bumping into things because you're focusing you have to focus on the movie You're quizzed at the end of each cycle. I think they've done 24 of those movies or somewhere in that range You have to take a quiz every time the most current one in our case skyfall and and it's a it's a very specific quiz And it changes every time you finish the cycle. So you you have to pay very close attention to Don't pass the quiz if you don't pass the quiz Then you have an immediate heart attack and you either go down to the core of the earth or where is heaven?

By the way, we haven't talked about that above the clouds Exactly what everyone is there a guy with a long white beard up there. Oh, yeah So everything that we imagined is true. Uh-huh crazy for us . How did we do that? We're smart Yeah, God isn't a woman like all those feminists say It's a man with a beard Wow incredible All right, any other questions here? I mean, they're so awful both of them. Maybe the butthole thing Well, you can't vote yet though Rob. Sorry can't vote J. Yeah, yeah, not that you did you said maybe yeah, yeah, so you're just still going over it in your mind I'm not gonna dock you points. Thanks Because I want you to win Jackson to win Is the Woody Allen version of Casino Royale included in the job?

great question It is as well as never say never the yeah the on the fork.

Yeah broccoli produced one. Yeah, exactly Those those are all included as well. So yeah as well as every parody Every sketch that is ever parodied James Bond. Oh, wow So yeah every single sketch for from SNL or funny or die or anything that has ever parodied James Bond including just the phrase Bond James Bond or shaken and not stirred anytime that's been parodied in anything that's included in the list of what about So then get smart to would be in there. Yeah get smart You have to watch the entire get smart and that's why the quiz is so hard Michael York's quite a fan of these. Thanks. Well, I watch a lot of Netflix down in hell because no one will talk to me Yeah, Netflix is in hell Does it originate from hell? Oh, yeah, that's why it's red Well, I imagine they're a good sponsor to the show is anything that's red originated from hell oh, yeah Apples The Redskins the Washington Redskins the Cincinnati Reds the Boston Red Sox ketchup ketchup Tomatoes, yeah, huh ketchup blood cherries cherries. Yeah.

Wow, it's amazing So they all the shirt I bought the other day it over now finished that one. So it's all just exported from hell Oh, yeah, but only the red parts if you're red and white stripe Say you say you're Waldo, right?

Okay, it's a great hypothetical You got a red white stripes shirt sure the red stripes are made in hell the white stripes are made by whatever sweats hop That sweater was made in I think Jack White kind of owns that sweatshop the one that makes the white stripes That's a good one Any other questions about these scenarios So basically, let's go over them You are there walking around you have Google glasses and you're watching every James not only every James Bond movie but Every single time it's ever been parodied back-to-back. It takes a long time Yawning there I have a seven month old II we woke up very early way in the middle of night that type of thing I woke up early too. I woke up at 6 a.m. Today. Did you do the last seven months?

Did you do it for the last really two and a half years? Oh boy. Okay. That's why people do it I don't know. Yeah, I don't get it So you're doing that and then you have to take a quiz a very comprehensive quiz at the end of it Oh, and then you're allowed one hour sleep. Mm-hmm, and then it starts over again or Use the word butthole in every sentence, okay And there's a lot more to that side of the we haven't asked a lot of questions about that side But you know, I have all the information here, but you know , it's up to you to ask the questions I mean, I just feel like I can sort of imagine and extrap olate that I mean, so you have your answers to use the word butthole in every sentence. That's it and you have to mean butthole So I feel like I and your body I mean we haven't talked about the fact that your body is upside down But I mean you guys haven't asked any questions Okay, I have a question about James Bond sure so when You see everything that it's a reference to do you just see the reference or do you see the whole?

Episode a movie that the reference is contained in. Yeah, if it's a Saturday Night Live sketch that's parody James Bond you see the entire episode. Yeah, so ever now every sketch. That's not Like 27 dresses when she pretends to yeah, yeah Mmm the same other stuff and where do those come in in the pattern? Do they come in between each of the bond movies?

It's all chronological. Oh So you get the context so it's it's basically you're not like Watching, you know diamonds are forever and then you get a Casino Royale parody sketch. I mean, that would be crazy You know, you're like, what is this parroting? I have no idea It's a lot of stuff it takes you approximately 17 months to get through the entirety of it and then you take the quiz and And it is so comprehensive that the quiz deals with every little bit and you have to pass With a C grade so it has to be 75 75 percent or above Not really you gotta keep you gotta keep on it What about what about when you have you you get to like eat and stuff right and like do other stuff?

You do whatever you want while the things going on. You don 't have to pay attention at all You just you just know that at the end of the day like James Bond themed food, you know, like amazing casino You know buffet stuff. I mean if you like, I mean it's the food is up to you You make stretch casino buffet food because of Casino Royale No, he's always playing games. He's always doing that. That 's the one thing about James Bond. He's always playing games One characteristic of James Bond I think that he's most known for That character James Bond the one who's always playing games men All right, I've closed the floor for questions All right, we're gonna have to vote Rob Delaney. I know which way you're leaning. I think you do You're gonna vote for the butthole. I would have always yeah, even though your body is upside down. You're a freak of nature Your your head is coming out of your your butthole so I really should have asked more. Oh, yeah. Yeah, but hey, it 's your choice Yeah, so well, the thing is is that your life would be like a transaction if you just if it is a bottle Cuz you're gonna say trans am that would be cool beautiful trans am but like you're interacting with people Even though you're saying butthole you're you're giving out information. You're taking it in there stimuli They're back and forth your life is a two-way street life is about connections. Yeah, and other people you can't just live a solitary life Is that what you're saying? Yeah, I can't and so I think that that would be even though aspects of it would be just Irredeemably horrible. They're still in your life is a two- way street and even though you're not allowed to ever Tell anyone why you're saying butthole and ever you just everyone just thinks that you're the guy who's obsessed with buttholes first I'm enjoying being punished for having not asked more about this Yeah, even then because then people okay, so you're gonna cut a lot of the you know You're gonna get a lot of chaff separated from the yeah You're not gonna find a lot of people are well put up so the people who really are gonna put up with you are either Saintly like Mother Teresa types or just just horrible people. So it's gonna be your life from now, right?

So it's gonna be interesting But here's the thing I would fail the test either in the first one in 17 months or the one if I fail and then have the heart attack And I so that's a known so at least with the butthole thing . I feel like you have some more you will see Hey, we'll see what happens. You know, you may devote yourself to charity work Yeah, and you know, they beggars can't be choosers literally good point. So, you know, they may yeah. Yeah my benefit Yeah, all right. Great interesting Michael Jackson. How do you like to vote? I Think I'm gonna go James Bond Michael We get a free Google glass, I mean, okay great In some of the James Bond parody there's gotta be a couple of pornos and totally good. Oh my god, there must be so And there's like a Nanosecond in dr. No where you can see Ursula Andress if you like super freeze-frame it we can see her naked So you with Google as you probably hit like pause and then be like, I'll be right back guys Well, Rob, unfortunately, you can't change your vote after you voted. So let me tally up the points and Rob I want you to win so bad. I think Michael Jackson is kind of I don't I'm not fond of him I understand, you know what I mean?

We talked a lot about him in the fifth episode and I am NOT a fan Yeah, he in the he was a monster and the boy Terrible adults he's a terrible person. I really want him to control Just nothing anyway, so let me tally up the points and Michael Jackson won Hee hee!

Hee hee!

Don't stop tearing it up!

Damn it!

That's how we play would you rather are you allowed to say would you rather as a vocal ad lib now since you won?

Yeah, you're not allowed to say Shamone. I can make up new ones. I just can't use my three classics Why didn't you make up more than three classics? Well you do have stupid you have You do have ow like Oh Hey, well, I just yeah, I mean honestly, it wasn't a calculator. I just yelled stuff you also that's nonsense I'm gonna get another pitchfork in the butt for that one.

You also have duck you did that one a lot I like that. Yeah, that's a good one. That's one. Um also, uh That's your own it's your own career it seems like you'd be able to come up with it I think we I think we're tapped out. I think we're really good. We did how da Hee hee Shamone and oh That's the best one. That's the best. I love that. He's like whoa. Yeah, who is sort of one? Yeah Some good stuff, you know, but for a for such a long career It seems like you could have come up with like a good one every year You know what? I mean? Like hey light and debuted it like hey guys. This is my new sound I make like That'd be yeah, I would record myself. I would hit record on a recorder every time I went to sleep You just and I'd wake up and I would just use the sounds so if I was wrestling around and I'd be like So you said Shamone while you were sleeping once yeah, yeah vine inspiration, I think you were dreaming You know what All right, well guys There's nothing left for us to do on this show other than for a little something that we call plugs Remember hearing plugs the first time over on comedy bang bang Maybe who's Paul F. Tompkins talking about one of those shows at Lago Maybe a bench letter was there just playing the piano Pure sweet wholesome bugs wafting three earbuds Comedy bang bang remembers Okay That was by David Bagley and that is called CBB remembers the Tom Lennon Memorial plug. I loved that a lot All right. Hey, you have the Rob Delaney stamp of approval.

What is Michael Jackson a true musician think of it?

Number one on the Billboard charts just like Thriller! Hee hee!

Wow Amazing alright, well, thanks David if you have a plug theme similar dissimilar, I don't care just send it over to earwolf.com You know what to do So guys what do we have to plug Rob obviously the book is out So let's say this title again for Rob Delaney mother wife sister human warrior Falcon yardstick turban cabbage You can get it in a paper book. You can get it in an e-book . You can get it in an audiobook when you say paper Book, it's not paperback. It's a hardback. It's a hardback book. Yeah, you can get it in hardcover hardcover paper book or ebook or What's the cover like on the e-book in the audiobook same deal, I think probably, you know, I mean it's not hard No, it's not hard. It's kind of non-existent. It's floating out there as information. It's digital and you need a dec oder for this information Yeah, it's really just ones and zeros, but you need like a decoder device in order to properly Figure out what these and then also your brain is a decoder device It technically sees everything upside down nuts is that and then flips it the right way the right way Yeah, and then you lucky and then you decode what these symbols these ancient symbols are and and and then all of a sudden You have to put the these symbols into words and then put those into sentence structure and you're doing the heavy lifting with my book No, I mean honestly, it's way easier to listen to a podcast . Yeah, I pinion. Yeah. Yeah. All right, so Listen to this podcast. That's what I'm plugging Michael what do you have to plug? I hesitate to ask well I'm opening a babysitting service. Come on. You're on earth . No. Yeah If you need someone to babysit called 1-800-69-Jekko Wow Just I had yeah, I'll let you babysit wherever it wants Just wants to sit in its crib look I hate to do this because but babysitting is expensive how what do you charge ? Oh It's free Free I'll do it for the pleasure of the baby's company Whoa, hey now that's you know what though Yeah, you do technically have to pay for it even if it's not full cover price for it to count towards the best Oh, so would you have maybe a hell nickel you could give me a hell nickel?

That's where all the currency in hell comes from Satan shits it out really and then who and then it depends on what he ate that day But we all go to the money pile and we pull as much as we can I spent my last few on well, you don't want to know Probably roasted pigs is what he was What do I want to plug hey comedy bang bang TV show coming up this Friday we have a great episode Jim Gaffigan is our special guest on right on this episode.

We also have Matt Besser and Matt Walsh They are back together the UCB to as they're commonly known . That's what I call we have who else is on this show That's all I can remember but it's a really funny episode and watch that Friday 10 9 central IFC we are coming up on the back half of our seas I mean in the the back quarter of the season and we have some big surprises for you coming up So keep watching that show and I mentioned the best of that 'll be in a couple weeks So start compiling your list of the best episodes and you know Our you can still buy the comedy bang bang live tour podcasts that we have the subscription for 25 bucks The me and Paul F. Tompkins and a bunch of special guests and I want to thank Kenneth F. Gray the third There have been a lot of Kenneth F. Gray's In history to previous to this one that I can think of but Kenneth F. Gray the third He donated $100 to comedy bang bang. Thank you so much Kenneth Something special coming to you. Now. Let's close up the old plug bag Guys that's been it. That's been our show. Thank you so much. Hey, this has been fun. We broed out last time Rob Pretty hard. We broed out pretty hard on this time. I'd say we did. Yeah. All right, and Michael, please never come back See ya now really you think I'm going I hope so Scott. I think you're a great guy All right, we'll see you next week, thanks, bye This has been an earwolf media production executive producers Jeff Ulrich and Scott Aukerman for more information visit your wolf calm The Wolf Dead.

The Wolf Dead.
