The creator and star and driving force behind Metalocalypse , Brendan Small, returns to the show.

And up-and-coming stand-up comedian Cameron Esposito makes her first-time appearance, plus an old friend drops by. All of that and more, all on today's...

♫♫♫ The Wu-Tang Clan will rue the day they messed with this rue McClanahan fan. Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang for another week. Thanks to Bernard Shaky for that catch phrase submission. Thanks Bernard.

And welcome to the show. Boy, Gloomy November. It's a loooo ong November.

And we're in the middle of it right now. And oh, by the way , Comedy Bang Bang weather report Gloomy.

That goes without saying that that's part of the weather report if I remark upon the weather, right?

I am your host, Scott Aukerman. And welcome to the podcast.

If you're coming to the podcast from watching the TV show, thank you so much. This is... well, the main difference is you're not watching this unless you're staring at your iPod , which, you know, they are designed beautifully and they are meant to be stared at, so I can understand that.

But this is a show. We put it out once or twice a week. And I'm the host and we'll talk to some people.

And speaking of people, I have some on the show this very day.

That's exciting.

Yes.

I'm excited.

And two of them have already spoken. And so you probably know who they are already, if you memorize voices like I do .

But let's go from... I don't know. Let's go clockwise from my left. How do you say... how about that?

How do I say my name?

How do you say your name? That is my number one question I ask my guests.

Everyone, before you come... that's a great way to always ... when you never know someone's name.

Now, how do you pronounce your name again?

How do you pronounce it again? It's Dave.

Yeah, my name is Mike Johnson. That's how anybody would pronounce it.

Isn't that dialogue from the movie Meet Dave? Because that sounds like...

It's actually from the movie Dave, which is different than Meet Dave.

My name is Brendan Small.

Brendan Small. People know you from... gosh, people grew to love you from home movies.

Home movies, back in the day.

And now, of course, you are the writer, creator, star of the Metal...

Metalocalypse.

...localypse.

That's the... yes. That's the one where you would ask, how do you say that?

I always say Metalpocalypse, but it's actually Metal ocalypse.

It's... yeah, it's a made-up word, and I...

What?

I afford everyone the mistake-making of that. I wanted to call it... I wanted to call it Death Clock, because that's the name of the band on the show.

Yes, that's the name of the band.

And that's easier. You can chant it if you're in a crowd.

Death Clock, Death Clock. And that's... that was, I thought , the best name.

But... but they wouldn't let us call it that, because there 's a Marvel character called Death Lock.

Death Lock, yes, of course.

Doesn't play any instruments, doesn't play any guitar.

Well, not yet.

I mean, you can always learn.

Yeah, that's true. He is a cyborg.

Doesn't that sound...

From the future, who traveled back to the present.

He just needs to get an upgrade, he can play guitar.

Yeah, of course. Now, this is a show on Adult Swim, for people who don't know what this is.

Right, yeah.

The Chronicles, a Swedish... is it Swedish? Or Norse?

Well, there are a bunch of different kinds.

There are people from Norway and Sweden, and then people from America.

Just like... it's a big combination of all kinds of extreme metal.

They're in a speed metal band, called Death Clock.

Yes.

And I really like that you guys picked the two Ls next to each other.

Metalocalypse.

It does roll trippingly off of a...

There's only one. It's M-E-T-A-L-O-C-A-L-Y-P-S-E.

Metalocalypse.

There you go.

You know, before I was a famous comedian, I had to do...

guys, before.

I was a famous comedian.

Boy, I can't even remember those days.

I know, I know. Before I was a famous comedian, I had to do promotions.

Do you know when you hand out a Snickers bar and you're like, this is provided to you by Snickers... not Snickers doesn't need to do promotions, but like a Kasha bar.

By the way, our show is brought to you by Snickers.

Are we getting Snickers?

Weird way to shoehorn that in.

Based on this conversation. Yeah, I want to hear it.

No, alright, so I had to do a promotion one time for a shoot-em-up game that was at a Metalocalypse show.

So like, I think you were playing...

I was playing on stage and that was like...

You were playing guitars.

Yeah, we toured, like you'll tour with, sometimes we'll tour with video game promoters and stuff like that.

Yes.

Because our demographics cross its...

What are the odds?

Yeah.

Yeah, there you go.

That was Call of Duty, I believe.

It was Call of Duty. I had to tell people to play Call of Duty.

I saw you play on a boat at one point.

Oh yeah, we played on an aircraft carrier at Comic-Con.

And you came in on a helicopter?

We came in on a helicopter.

I know, it's so ridiculous.

I was there, yeah.

Now, we were so far back I couldn't see you or wave to you.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

If you ever want to hear metal, go into a solid metal room.

Yeah, well metal is best heard in metal.

Tunnel shapes, yeah.

And Brendan has a new record out, the soundtrack to the special that...

Yes.

We won't talk about it in detail now, but it is the Metal ocalypse.

The Doomstar Requiem.

Yes.

So, we'll talk about that in a second.

Sure.

Let's get to our next guest though.

This is her first time on the show.

It's a pleasure to have her.

She's famous.

I'm a famous comedian.

Famous comedian, and she is the host of the, not only the Put Your Hands Together live show at UCB on Tuesday nights, but also the podcast with the same name, which as far as I 'm concerned is a recording of that live show.

It is, yeah.

It's a recording.

It's an actual stand-up podcast.

Her name...

Oh shit, okay.

Is Cameron Esposito.

Yeah, I stepped on my own name just then.

Cameron Esposito is my name.

That's how you say it.

And we'll talk about that in just a second.

We'll talk about both of your things in detail and at length.

Great.

Yeah, so don't you worry.

We're going to get to these.

Didn't mean to jump guns.

Oh, hey.

Call of Duty.

Hey, nice callback.

Of Duty.

Callback of Duty, that would be the comedian video game.

That's when you shoot somebody again.

Yeah.

That's when you shoot poop.

There you go.

Guys, that's funny.

Hey, that's, you know what?

You guys edit this, right?

If we're going to judge every joke, we're going to be here.

Wow.

Because I plan on making three.

Guys, welcome to the show.

Cameron, it's great to meet you.

No, we've met, of course.

Obviously.

You were on the old Comedy Bang Bang Live show, and in fact , you took our time slot when I retired from producing the live show at UCB.

Is that correct?

Did you guys have a show there?

We did, yes.

Oh.

Wow, this is weird.

You've never heard...

No, I didn't know that...

This is like Jay Leno when he took over the Tonight Show.

Not mentioning Carson.

No, yeah, we did.

We're doing the best to do honor to the Comedy Bang Bang name.

Yeah, it's so good to hear that.

You're not using the name, are you?

No, yeah, it's called Comedy Bang Bang with Cameron Espos ito, who is also better than Scott Aukerman.

That's the whole title, and the better is capital.

Great title.

Yeah, it's like a metal eclipse sort of a thing.

Yeah.

I do push-ups backstage, and I get big celebrities.

Those are the two things that I try to do to keep the name rolling.

And your show, it's hosted by you every week.

That's right.

And you do new material every week.

You're not one of these comedians who hosts and then does the same eight minutes.

No, fuck that.

I mean, because it goes out as a show...

Hey, hey, hey, fuck you.

Fuck that, fuck you.

Well, you know, that is what I hear about Comedy Bang Bang.

You're known for your repetitive, tight-honed material.

Yeah, of course.

Yeah.

But so you host it every week.

You're a stand-up of some note.

And...

Teeny note, like a really small, like an eighth note.

Well, you're famous.

We talked about this.

Sixteenth.

I'm naming...

Those are notes.

Those are music things.

Those are all notes.

I looked at...

They all check out.

It's a showcase where you have different stand-ups every week.

How many do you have on every week?

We usually have five.

Sometimes we get like a bigger drop, and then we'll smash them in.

And that's Tuesday nights at the UCB Theater in Los Angeles at eight o'clock, correct?

Yes.

You're not.

Yes, yes.

I don't know why I said...

It's at eight o'clock on Tuesdays at the UCB Theater.

But then the podcast...

Talk about that, because there aren't a lot of podcasts, mine included, that take stand-up shows and actually bring you unadulterated stand-up from the club to your ear holes.

And that's what I'm so stoked about the show.

I love doing it for that reason.

I thought when we started that people would for sure say, no thanks.

I don't want to have my material go out.

But 80 to 90% of the people on the show, you don't have to be on the podcast to do the live show.

Most people say, yeah, absolutely.

But when stuff...

Sounds like 10 to 20 are saying no.

10 to 20% are saying no, and those people are dead to me.

But no.

But you don't have to to do the show.

I understand why.

Sometimes people are prepping for a big tour or they're pre pping for TV.

They don't want their material to get out.

But at the same time, it's a lot like doing a TV.

It's just another avenue to hear stand-up.

And it's a great...

What I like about it is that we really don't edit it.

So it's really the opposite of a smooth, slick, half-hour Comedy Central special.

I would like more things to be like that.

You know what?

Hey, CSI, stop editing.

Well, everybody just does seven minutes.

So if everybody was doing seven minutes at CSI, then it'd be a great show.

I have a great idea.

Thank you.

What I would do is if I were to do the show...

You have done the show.

Yeah, I have done the show.

And now I think, because I said, I'm working on this stuff.

Don't put it out there.

Now, going back, I would probably just say, put the setups.

Yes.

Don't put the...

Get people intrigued.

Hook people.

And then come to my website, and then you have to buy a shoe or something to get the...

Yeah, a shoe.

And you get a bound mode.

You have a new sneaker.

Yeah.

You...

I've been trying to design a shoe for the last 20 years.

It's not working.

Have you been putting bottoms on them?

Well, I...

Souls is what they call them.

I have not been putting the souls.

I've been designing the outside of the shoe.

I figure you can get the souls anywhere.

I'm not a soul designer.

This is a big problem, is you have to put bottoms on the shoes, otherwise they're worthless.

The outside of the shoe.

People don't want to wear shoes.

I'm talking about the outside of the shoe.

I know.

I'm talking about the bottom part of it.

I'm talking about...

Oh.

You gotta...

See, this is the problem.

I get it.

No, I get it.

You gotta put a bottom on the shoe.

Brendan, I think that's a great idea.

I will say that one of my favorite things that happens on the podcast is if we have a really huge guest that wants...

For yourself, if you're there and you want to cut, then we 'll introduce you.

That's a joke about fat.

You get the...

Yeah, you're a fat person.

But we'll introduce that comic and then it just fades out to an interview with them, which is the best we can do for our audience.

But I also love the idea of somebody at home being like, Az iz Ansari is going to tell me jokes in my ears.

No, it's just like he mostly left, actually.

He's not going to tell you jokes.

And how often, Cameron, and please forgive me if this is an impertinent question, how often does this podcast come out?

Oh my gosh, thanks so much for asking.

Every Thursday.

Weekly.

Every Thursday.

Okay, every Thursday.

And where can people get this?

You get it on iTunes or RSS and just Google put your hands together.

I swear it comes up.

It doesn't seem like that should be true.

It does.

And Cameron, a lot of people are discovering you in waves.

That happens with any comedian.

But one of your most recent waves was you were on the Craig Ferguson Show, which is it called the Craig Ferguson Show?

I think it's called Late Night.

Late...

There's a late factor.

Okay, late.

It's called Late Factor.

Hey, why are you still up with Craig Ferguson?

Right.

And you did a spot on there.

And you had two titans of late night, because Jay Leno was the guest on the show previous to you.

He was.

And he was sitting there on, I don't know if it's a chair or a couch.

I don't really know what their setup is.

I think it's a chair.

Couch?

I don't know.

Yeah.

I don't know.

Keep going.

You know, go to the clip, figure out if it's a couch or a chair, if that's important to you to visualize this.

So you started in on your set, pretty standard late night spot, you know, where you're doing sort of, you know, a condensed version of your act.

Yeah, some shtick.

Setting them up, knocking them down.

I did put my punchlines in there.

A lot of comedians don't like calling it shtick.

Oh, I am heavy.

You embrace that seemingly.

And interestingly enough, at a certain point, you referenced, I believe, the gentlemen who were sitting there.

Maybe you just referenced Jay.

I was talking about how I'm engaged and I'm also a lesbian.

I didn't want to say it.

I was waiting for you to say it.

Oh my God.

Now we can talk about it.

Okay.

Forget all what I was talking about.

What is being a lesbian like?

It is amazing.

Well, thank God I got you in there.

Lesbian sex is the best, but not for the reason you think.

I still want to know if it's a couch or a chair.

I'm sorry.

That lesbians have sex on?

A couch.

A futon.

Normally.

A sensible futon.

Because it's seven, you know, we make 70 cents on the dollar, so lesbians are poor because there's no man to make the money for us.

So that's one of the biggest problems.

But we, but you know.

Well, that's the thing.

Like in a male, and I'm glad we're talking about it because Barack Hussein Obamacare doesn't really talk about these kinds of things.

But when you have a man and a woman in a relationship, you 're making a dollar 70 on the hour.

And when you have just two lesbians, you're making a dollar 40.

And you're spending all that money on cat food.

Exactly.

You know, come on guys.

So it's tough to really, you know, get any sort of healthcare.

But the good news is we don't have STDs ever.

So no problem.

And dental dams are worthless.

So anyway, Jay Leno was sitting there and I had said that I 'm engaged to a woman, so we're going to wear denim dresses, of course, because as you know from lesbians, they wear denim only.

I'm wearing a sweatshirt today, but in the inside it's denim.

And then I have no idea why this happened.

But I just said to Jay Leno, or I said like, Jay loves denim.

I just said that like, as if that was part of the set.

Well that's an interesting thing about you.

Like you love denim, Mr. Leno.

I think I call him Mr. Leno.

This is an interesting thing about you is you're hosting the show every week, so you're very comfortable on stage.

And when a comedian gets good, they are free to just like say whatever pops into their mind.

It can be just a rehearsed performance in a way, but when one does late night standup sets, you usually are rehearsed within an inch of your life a little bit because the producers want to make sure that your set is tight and that it's not going off in divergent directions.

So for you to do that is a great part of what you do, but at the same time it is not normal for a show like that.

No, not at all.

And yeah, that's exactly, I think that is exactly what happened.

I think I was trying to do like crowd work with Jay Leno and Craig Ferguson.

And now the interesting thing is they then started talking back to you and Jay Leno and Craig Ferguson just started like tagging your jokes almost and like having a conversation in the middle of your spot.

And then at a certain point, like Craig Ferguson was just like, Hey, just come on over here.

And you, you abandoned your set and then you walked over to the couch and then just talk to those two.

I just talked to them.

And also, I mean, here's the best.

Okay.

So this show is on CBS, which is like the most mainstream, most watched network Columbia broadcast system.

As I sit down between them, they were like bantering back and forth.

The last thing that gets said in the entire show is that Jay Leno with fist raised in the air goes, well, that's been through like I, that happened in my life while I was sitting next to him to say that he said it was the future of a comedy.

He said that to my face.

So that got a lot of attention.

The clip went viral and by viral, I mean, it was put on the internet and injected into people's bodies and they are sick now.

And so that it's, it's like one of those moments.

I mean, it's not to getting cancer, but it's, you know, it 's close where people are talking about it.

Hey, tics, a friend of mine with cancer.

I can say these things, but, uh, it's, it's, it was getting a lot of attention like that where people were going, Oh wow.

Did you see this interesting thing that happened in comedy?

And so now people are talking about your comedy a lot, which is great.

I'm so happy that that happened.

I mean, it couldn't have been, and also I want to just say that those two gentlemen who I'm sure people that listen to this show, Hey, you got a hip listening audience.

I'm sure not everybody here is a huge fan of Jay Leno.

I don't feel like that is like, Hey, who's your favorite standup?

Jay Leno.

If you would have asked me in 1985, I would have said that.

Yeah, right.

Exactly.

Well, I mean, if you asked me the day I was born, I would have said that.

But I wasn't born in 1985, but a couple of years before that, I'm a young person.

But it was amazing because those two dudes treated me so kindly.

Like just them talking to me in that moment was really them treating me as another comic.

Like they were actually kind of heckling me, which I think you only do if you respect somebody.

I mean, well, you opened the door into it being a conversation and those guys live in that space very well of going back and forth.

And so, yeah, I think it was a great thing.

And it's a moment that I'm sure you'll never forget.

It'd be weird if you did, but hey.

I want to see that clip now.

I haven't seen it.

So how do you find it?

It's pretty great, actually.

Go to internet.com and you will reach it.

All right.

So now, Brendan, let's talk to you about Metalocalypse.

The Doomstar Requiem.

Tell me about this.

So this is an hour-long special that we put out and it's a rock opera.

It's a full rock opera.

There's no...

Wait, isn't it raw copra?

I thought the term was raw copra.

No, no, no, no, no.

You're saying it wrong.

You're mispronouncing it.

You're saying it incorrectly.

I just thought it was R-A-W, then the word we all know how to spell, copra.

Copra.

It's a sushi sort of a thing.

Right.

Copra is a food.

Yeah, we all know that.

Copra is an uncooked piece of meat.

But it is actually rock opera coined by Mr. Pete Townsend from The Beatles.

Did he?

Yeah, he was...

Oh, that's right.

He was the fifth Beatle.

Can you name all five Beatles?

I can.

Okay, you got...

First of all...

There's Timmy.

You got Timmy.

Then you got Django.

Django and there's Wilbur.

Oh, man.

There's Ronaldo, the harpist.

Of course, you got the mysterious one.

Boy, it's like, hey, why is that guy playing a harp?

We can't hear it.

No one can hear it.

And then, of course, there's Pete Townsend.

Yeah.

And a lot of people don't realize that he's a musician, let alone he was a Beatle.

Well, I've been studying music for a long time and I love ACDC.

I wanna rock and roll all night and party every day.

There's a lady who loves...

You know, when is this special coming out?

This is pretty good.

This is a pretty good rock opera right here.

This is great.

I would love to just sing songs with you.

I would love to do this, too.

We have to get our lawyers involved to really do this, but I wanna do it.

Definitely.

I love getting lawyers involved.

Oh, my God.

Any excuse I have to call my lawyer.

Yeah, but I did a one-hour rock opera with a 50-piece orchestra and it's this whole crazy, dramatic story with all these silly moments and everything.

And I figured I'd never seen this on TV before, that it's a full rock opera with a death metal band so I have all these great musicians I'm playing with.

Can we play just a little bit of it while you talk here?

We'll play the very beginning of it, yeah.

Okay, so...

So this is the intro with a 50-piece orchestra.

Okay, and we just talk about it while we're playing this.

Absolutely.

It's amazing how it sounds.

Yeah, this was recorded underwater.

It's kind of a space feeling, almost.

Oh, wow.

Doesn't it feel like kind of a spacey sort of...

What you're hearing is Emmy Award-winning, you know, who produced this was Emmy Award-winning composer Bear McCreary from, you know, from The Walking Dead, you know, from...

Oh, okay.

From BJ and the Bear.

Oh, Battle Star Galactic.

See, spacey.

Yeah.

Nailed it.

Uh-huh.

It's a huge sweeping thing.

Those are violins and those are all real.

So you splurged on the violins.

Well, I found out...

I found out...

I wondered how do you get a 50-piece orchestra to play with you on a cartoon?

I think you pay them, right?

And what you do is you spend your own money and you pay for it.

And then, so that's why I'm here because I have a soundtrack and it actually went to number one in soundtracks and it's a premiere, so...

And you want people to buy this so you can get your money back.

I want to...

Listen, I've got a dog and he hasn't eaten dog food in a long time and that's why I'm here.

It's an interesting way to put anything...

Anyone who promotes anything.

So you want people to buy this so you can get your money back.

It can be boiled down to just that.

Listen, I made a really stupid decision and I decided to produce a soundtrack for a cartoon.

Did you pay for a timpani player?

Is he like one of the 50?

Like, I think that's a waste of money.

That is a waste of money.

Those are, uh, that is a...

Those are...

You don't need a timpani.

A lot of things sound like a timpani.

Yeah!

You know, it's...

Just have a guy going boom boom in the background.

Yeah, or a cookie sheet.

I thought that Roy Orbison, when he did the song You Got It , he splurged on the timpani and I just thought, you know, what a waste, Roy.

That's $70,000 to get a...

To get a guy who does it right.

A union timpani player to show up and even if he plays like one bonk on the timpani and he's sitting there resting, they count all the rests.

Well, you...

How much for the cookie sheet guy?

Cookie sheet's free.

Oh my god.

Anyone can...

Any baker?

Tap them on the shelf, get my own cookie sheet.

I know this guy, Kick Boss, who might do that for free.

Well this...

Do you have to mention Kick Boss every single podcast?

Yeah.

I figured you had some deal.

It sounds amazing.

You gave this to me for free.

I almost feel guilty hearing how much money you spent.

But those are album sales.

I bought it for you for free.

Oh, you bought it for me?

Thanks.

I always gift and I pay for it myself.

What?

I never illegally download my own work.

Wait, okay, let's talk about this because you're only getting on iTunes, you're only getting like 33 cents per dollar, right?

I mean, you think being a lesbian's bad.

Yeah, right.

I'm a lesbian on iTunes as well.

I will say that is the worst.

Yeah, you're only getting 33 cents per 70 cents.

I can't believe it.

Listen, I never said I was a smart business person.

But it is available on iTunes and there's a...

I have an actual libretto that you can download on my website.

What is your website?

Internet.com?

It's internet.com slash forward slash backslash.

Great.

Yeah.

All right, so people can go over there.

You can go there whenever you want.

It's brendonsmall.com.

You can get the record there.

And there's a featurette where you can see me working with Malcolm McDowell and Mark Hamill who are all singing.

And Jack Black is in this as well.

Jack Black shows up.

He sings a little bit in this thing.

I've got some amazing musicians from like a...

I've got George Corpse Grinder Fisher from Cannibal Corpse.

He and I do a duet.

Oh my God.

It's pretty crazy.

It's a really...

It's a big undertaking, but it was fun to do.

What is one of the most metal songs that I can just give people a taste for?

Oh, you know what?

Go to The Duel.

This is a fun thing.

The Duel.

Here we go.

This is a two-minute guitar solo that you're gonna hear, but it's a high stakes.

It's a very...

Like story-wise, it's this guitarist auditioning for his place in the band.

So we go back in time and you hear this crazy...

I've never heard a guitar solo on TV, especially one that takes two minutes, but it's this high stakes guitar moment.

Oh boy.

Here we go.

This is a dual.

For people who don't know, Brendan...

I play all the guitars on this stuff, yeah.

Yeah, you are an amazing guitarist.

I grew to know you as a comedian.

Yes.

And I was like...

When I found out that you played guitar this well, it's astounding.

Why are you even doing comedy?

I mean, not that...

I mean, number one, you're not funny.

So that's mostly the question.

Yeah, yeah, go on.

This is amazing that you have this...

So you're dueling with yourself on this?

I'm dueling with myself, yeah.

Who won?

I did.

Yeah.

Thank you.

This is crazy.

And you do this live too.

I've seen you guys play live.

Yeah, we play all the stuff.

This isn't you just playing one note at a time and speeding it up.

Right.

No, I have to actually be able to play this stuff, yeah.

But that's what I did.

I mean, that's what I did in high school.

You don't have a girlfriend, and all you're doing is j acking off anyway.

You may as well be practicing guitar.

Wait, so you put your penis in the fret of the guitar, and while you're playing these notes you're...

Scott, I'm trying to tell you something.

There's no other way to learn how to play guitar unless you wedge your penis into the strings.

Oh, no wonder I'm shit at guitar.

You guys edit this show, right?

Ah, well this is fantastic.

Thank you so much for giving it to me.

I can't wait to...

Check out the whole thing.

It sounds amazing.

And the special already premiered.

The special looks...

Yeah, the special premiered.

You can get that on iTunes.

But people can buy it on iTunes as well.

Yeah, you can get it on iTunes.

It's really a fun story, and visually it looks great.

I think we keep topping ourselves every season.

Yeah, fantastic.

Well, guys, we have to take a break.

When we come back, we will have more Cameron Esposito, we 'll have more Brendan Small, more Comedy Bing Bong right after this.

Comedy Bing Bong, we are back with Cameron Esposito, a famous comedian, and Brendan Small, who's amazing at guitar.

And they both have wonderful careers and wonderful projects , and they're here to discuss them at length.

And you know, guys, what have you been up to off-brand?

Meaning, outside of comedy, you know?

No, interesting.

Oh, wow.

Good question.

That is great.

I had dinner last night.

Oh!

What'd you eat?

I had some sushi.

Have you ever been a sushi rainbow happy smiles?

Oh yeah, I had the raw copra there.

They do have a nice raw copra.

They've got a wonderful raw copra.

Yeah, it's good.

It's about pinball.

They get mad if you put, some of them get mad if you put soy sauce all over it.

Yeah.

Do they ever, like, lay hands on you?

They will touch you.

They will do a downward slap, a slow downward slap.

Do you eat sushi wrong?

Have you ever had that happen to you?

It's embarrassing.

Well, I usually, if they're that concerned about it, they usually tell you when they give it to you, like, don't put soy sauce on it.

Or yes, this gets soy sauce.

Don't screw it up.

And then I usually, I bring a microwave with me.

I don't mind if I heat this up a little bit, do you?

But you want it raw, right?

Like, you don't turn the microwave up enough to cook it.

You just want...

You keep the fish out.

You take the fish out and leave that on.

I'll take the fish out.

I like my rice hotter than this.

Like a hot rice, then you bathe the fish in just like a l ukewarm sort of a, just to pull up the temperature a little bit, but not enough for it would be palatable.

By the end of the night, they go, sir, please don't microwave this one.

Yeah, you're using all of our power.

Our power strips.

Yeah.

Most sushi places have just big power strips that everything is plugged into, right?

They got one, they have one outlet.

Well there's a rice cooker and then the other rice cooker.

That's racist.

Yeah.

That's what sushi is.

Do you guys not know what sushi is?

I thought you were talking about their cars.

I'm sorry.

No, I'm talking about the place you put rice to cook it.

Jesus.

I'm sorry.

I was really lost.

You are off base on this.

I'm so sorry.

I got a puppy.

Yeah.

That's what I've been doing.

Oh really?

Yeah.

It's a terrible thing.

It's a bad decision.

Do you have a dog?

I have a dog.

When did you get one?

How old was he?

I have a dog who has, it was a famous internet meme.

Really?

Yeah.

What do you mean?

What are you talking about?

I'm going to show you a picture of my dog and maybe you've seen him on the Huffington Post.

This is a picture I took of my dog.

You can follow me on Instagram, but this is a picture of my dog.

Oh, your dog's name is All Your Base Are Belonged To Us?

No, that's amazing.

Wow.

Oh, geez.

Someone just, yeah, I made it.

What?

Hold on.

Yeah.

Oh my gosh, it's Jesse.

The Mind, Body, and Soul Ventura.

Well, you think it's just the mind, body, and soul?

What else are you?

Why are you leaving out the connective tissue, Scott?

I'm sorry, the nervous system, the veins?

Yeah, the musculature.

My goodness.

The endocrine system.

The eye bones.

The powerful endocrine system.

My glands are intimidating.

Welcome back to the show.

I haven't seen you.

I saw you, I guess, in Washington, D.C. when we were on tour.

Yep, you saw me there.

I've seen you since, but you didn't see me.

Where did you see me?

I'm not going to tell you.

Oh gosh, this is, ooh boy.

Don't be afraid.

I'm looking out for you.

It's the other ones that you should be scared of.

Oh, wait, who else is watching me?

Well, I don't want to scare you.

I don't want to make you paranoid here or anything.

You've already done that.

You've already brought it over.

No, but I don't want to take you down the rabbit hole.

Mostly because I have a hard time getting in and out of it.

Okay.

Rabbits are kind of tight.

Cameron and Brendan, this is Jesse Ventura.

Hi.

Hi, Jesse.

Nice to meet you.

Hi, Brandon.

Good to see you.

It's Brendan, actually.

Cameron, good to see you again.

Yeah, great to see you again.

Nice to meet you, Brandon.

What's going on?

It's actually Brendan, but...

You got it.

Brandon and Cameron.

You know, one of my sons was named Brandon.

Well, that's a good name for somebody else, but that's not my name.

Was?

Good for you.

Is that what he's named?

Yep, I let him go.

You can do that?

It's like a fishing thing?

He wanted out, I let him go.

Off he went.

Catch and release.

Yeah, catch and release.

Lazy fare.

Well, Jesse, how are you?

It's been a while.

I mean, I...

I'm good.

I'm fit.

I'm monitoring operations.

I'm looking out for you, like I said.

Thank you so much.

You're in the...

Longtime listeners of the show will know you as a member of the Enigma Force Five.

Well, you know, if you want to try to categorize me in that way, try to put me in a box based on an entertainment group that I was part of...

Was part?

You're no longer part of the Enigma Force Five?

Well, I'm not ashamed of anything.

I'm sorry, I'm just coming in.

I don't even know what the Enigma Force is.

Yeah, I don't know what that is either.

I'd love to know.

Well, it was a law enforcement entertainment enterprise where it was me and Juel Hauser and a couple and a rotating cast of others.

I believe Ice-T occasionally.

Ice-T was in it sometimes.

Gary Busey was a non-voting member.

Wow.

There were never five.

You never got a complete five people in there.

You always had trouble with the...

How do you know what the number was?

Well, you told me.

How do you...

Were you there?

Were you there when Arne Anderson was the fifth member of the Four Horsemen?

Did you complain about that?

No, but I was there when Pete Townsend was the fifth member of the Beatles and I was complaining about that.

Yeah.

Jesse, you look good.

Thanks.

Yep, I slimmed down.

You look nice.

I'm getting in front of me saying, how can he run for president when he's clearly...

He's no longer a Navy Seal.

He looks more like a walrus.

Right.

Or like a regular seal.

Yeah.

Which is also...

Which is also a joke.

Sort of a walrus.

Also beg.

Yeah.

Do you want to punch up some of my speeches if I do end up running for president?

I thought we talked about this in Washington, DC.

For those of you who did not get the Comedy Bing Bong live tour package of 2013, you came out on the Washington, DC.

Did you announce or did you not announce?

I can't remember.

Well, I don't know if I'm ready to announce for president.

I think if there's enough of a groundswell out there, then maybe I'll step forward.

If the people want me, the people can have me.

What do you think you have to offer?

I think I'm probably going to be pro Clinton in the next election.

Is that just because she's a woman and you want to see if you have a chance with her?

Well, as a lesbian, I'm attracted to her.

I mean, mostly her suits.

A lot of her suits are physical form, like her body, the way that she's toned.

That's fine.

But the only reason I voted for Jimmy Carter was because I wanted to get him in the showers.

Yeah, I get that.

And he has a lot like a look like a typical little military buddy.

Little military.

Yep.

Little war buddy.

So I'm just wondering like, what was your official term?

He was a little bit older than me, but yeah, he looks like I voted for Carter for that reason.

I understand the sexual reason for voting somebody, but I obviously you're not going to vote for me for that reason.

I love there are other reasons.

Why should you?

I'm interested in knowing what you know, because I'm not going to be somebody you agree with 100% of the time.

The only person who's going to be that is whoever you are in the mirror.

And then when it comes to me, it's not even that.

I disagree.

I look in the mirror.

I disagree with myself then.

Wow.

I look in the mirror, I've got four political parties going .

But what's the most important issue to you, Cameron?

That's a really good.

There's a lot going on right now.

I think, uh, well, I mean, number one as a lesbian, the biggest issue for me is to make sure that straight people can't get married.

I agree with that.

I think we need to have a moratorium on straight marriages.

Let the gays catch up.

Yeah.

We're in 15 states.

Once it's equal, then all of a sudden you can like everyone can get married.

It's better.

It's better theatrically.

It's better for music and the arts.

It's better for science.

We can experiment.

We can get those experiments going.

I talked at scientists and what I heard them, what I saw in their eyes was that they wanted more funding for the arts and I think gay marriage is good for that.

I'm tired of watching, this is no secret.

Most of the things you watch on television or Broadway plays or movies are written by gay people.

So I'm tired of watching gay people try to imagine what marriage is like.

You know, that's really interesting because I also think a lot of these gay writers write jokes that are specifically homophobic to sort of ingrati ate themselves to a straight audience so they can get their message in the back door.

Yes, exactly.

You know what I mean?

So it's a lot of these like dropping the F bomb or like you know just kind of calling.

Like what?

What do you mean?

What F bomb?

Which F bomb are you?

You're a bunch of fucking gays who shouldn't be allowed to marry.

Something like that.

No, just like if two men hug and then one of the men looks in the camera uncomfortably.

House of cards style?

You know, just to sort of show like, just to sort of show that their penises are not in each other's buttholes.

No spoiler, I mean it is a spoiler.

If you've seen House of Cards, he was very comfortable giving men a hug.

Yep.

And looking in the camera after it.

I don't think that, I think if I am elected president, I'm going non-traditional.

Thank you, I like the faith that you have.

Yeah, I support you.

I think Kevin Spacey would be my minister of Netflix.

He's got a lot of experience with it.

He's got experience working with Congress, I think that works.

Not a trustworthy face though on him.

I mean you're going to have to work against that.

The good thing about him is if you constantly follow him around, he'll be saying his kind of subtext all the time so you'll know what he's thinking.

So he'll never be able to trick you.

He'll give you a glance and you know where you stand with him.

That's the kind of commitment I'm looking for, Cameron.

Yeah.

What other issues?

I mean that's a huge one.

What do you have?

Well, it's interesting.

I'm not a lesbian.

I'm a white guy.

I'm straight.

So my issues are different.

I know my biggest one right now is when I'm seeing him.

I saw Thor 2 the other day.

And people kept on checking their cell phones during the best parts.

So how do you stop that?

Yep, I know what you were thinking.

Thor's hammer a lot like the harp system up there in Alaska .

Well let me tell you something, Brandon.

We're going to put a stop to that.

I'm sorry.

The harp system, just like Thor, it's a metaphor for it in the movie.

I'm talking about people pulling out their cell phones.

Yep, pulling out their cell phones, letting the NSA spy on them.

I hear you.

When I go to Washington, I'm going to knock on the door of the White House, bang it down.

I think if you're the president, you don't have to knock.

Yeah, you'd be in there.

You'd just wander in.

Well, I'm polite.

Do you?

You know, you didn't even knock on the door when you came in here.

Why are you knocking on the door?

Are you a father, Scott?

I like to think of myself as a father of comedy.

The father of comedy.

Yeah, the...

Is that a procreative father or more of a spiritual father?

I'm more of the den mother of comedy, as Zach Alphanakis has referred to me as.

That's fair enough.

Okay.

When do we get our wolf badges?

Well, I'm asking if I'm a father.

Well, because I'm saying you've got to be polite even if you're in charge.

That's right.

If you have a young son, like a Brandon Small, who may be putting his penis in between the frets and strings of his guitar, you want to make sure that it gives him time to put his penis away.

I don't want to be an autocrat.

I don't want to be somebody who's just calling the shots.

I want to be somebody who's going, hey, what do you think?

All right, glad to hear it.

Here's what I'm going to do.

And you at least want to ask, even whether you're going to listen or not.

What is your main platform?

Because I haven't actually heard that from you.

My main platform, I go with plywood reinforced with cinder blocks.

I go around everywhere with it.

It's in the back of a truck.

Now that's humorous, but what I'm trying to get at...

What are you talking about?

No, it's about, you got it about 10 feet wide.

You got to make it deep because you want to be able to bring on a few supporters with you.

There's a lot of, stage collapse is a big problem in rock and roll.

That's true.

Wow, he's thinking of you.

Running for office too.

You know it.

I wouldn't mind listening to your rock opera.

Yeah.

Jesse, I mean...

Thank you.

Now that you're in politics, do you think you'll...

You'll learn how to take a compliment, by the way.

I'm just saying.

No, that's all I had on it.

Have you ever played it backwards?

I'm going to get back to you, camera.

No, that's okay.

I'll wait.

I have not played it backwards.

Have you played it backwards?

Why, what's going to happen?

Well, I've listened to so many records backwards.

I can hear the message listening to it forwards.

Let's try to play this backwards.

I think if I just press, if I press play and then I press the rewind button.

I'm just singing along with it.

That was good.

I got that.

Yeah.

Did you get the message?

Yep, I did.

Good.

It said, Anunnaki to attack.

One year off of Mayan predictions.

Wow.

Yep.

I know what you're up to.

Now, but camera on.

Oh, I just had a question about if you're going to come back to the entertainment industry.

Well, cause here's, here's why I'm asking.

You think I ever left the entertainment industry?

No, but I mean...

I'm sitting on a fictional podcast right now.

I'm down here.

I know Scott's a comedian.

I talked to Scott Aukerman here.

Sometimes I go down with the Opiate Anthony.

Sometimes I'm on with Howard Sterns.

These are entertainment programs.

I don't have a problem engaging.

No, you're not, you're cutting me off.

You're not listening to what I'm trying to say here.

What I'm listening to, I'm listening to what you need more than what you say.

Well, that's unfair and untrue.

And I agree with you on that.

And first, first order of business, my first act as acting president before I even take the oath is going to be to say, Jesse, you were wrong in the way you treated Cameron, but that's after I take office right now.

I'm still doing it.

Okay.

But you better vote for me for president.

If you want me to change, I like this level of commitment.

I like that you're looking me in the eyes while you're saying that and pointing it's aggressive in the way that as a woman, I respond to aggressively open to you.

Your point of view.

Shoot.

Yeah.

Now you've picked up a pen and are jabbing that at her.

So there's like an extension of your hand.

Scott, if I don't have a pen in my hand, a jab, it's going to be a bayonet or some other kind of lethal weapon.

But let her get her.

I was at Cambodia just a week ago.

Okay.

What?

What are you doing there a week ago?

Well, I was taking a walking tour of Angkor Wok.

What do you think I'm doing?

All right.

Well, we'll get back to that.

But I ran a little marathon around the temples.

Go for it.

I just think that, you know, this podcast is all is great.

This podcast is great.

Thank you.

You mean the media?

That goes unsaid.

Yes, it does.

I didn't need to say it.

Please take that out in post.

We'll do.

But I just saw Arnold Schwarzenegger.

Take that out from the post-serial boxes.

Please, Jesse.

Jesse.

Not everything needs to be said.

Jesse.

Let Cameron get her point out.

I just feel like is this how you're going to treat people when you're present?

Look, I just ask it for equal time.

You have a two party guest system right here and I'm the third party.

I'm not allowed to jump in.

They had a controlled debate between two of them before I came on.

It wasn't a debate.

You were just chatting about their project.

This is what we're seeing right now is a rehearsal for the 2016 election.

You feel teamed up.

You got Chris Christie over here and you got Hillary Clinton right here and you got a corrupt moderator right here.

I'm not corrupt.

I'm just trying to host a show and I'm trying to let Cameron get her point out.

I want to hear what she has to say.

All right.

Here we go.

I agree with you already.

I just think you've never looked better.

Why are you not in more films?

This is my whole point.

Yes.

The Expendables is happening as a huge...

Why aren't you in Expendables 3?

That's what I was trying to get to, but I was trying to bully my way around from the other side.

Also, do you know they're making one with women called the Expendabells?

And why aren't you in that?

Well, I auditioned for it.

You know, I auditioned for all those cartoons.

Well, if they're going to put a bunch of women...

No, those aren't cartoons.

They're real live action films.

Those are live action movies.

No, no, no.

No, no.

Predator wasn't even a movie.

It was a documentary film crew.

What?

Yeah.

No, I've talked about this with you before.

I don't know if you know it, but I was down there in Guatemala.

They had to edit me out of the film.

My chest wasn't blown open.

That wasn't a fact.

I was getting too close to how close they were.

To the Predators.

Oh, I see.

So they had to...

Okay.

I get it.

I find that hard to believe.

I'm going to be honest.

It was me and Arnold.

You'll notice he won't even talk about it.

There's no interviews where he talks about Predator.

You can't find him.

Right.

I think that they're still out there.

They exist.

I didn't say that.

You're putting words in my mouth and I don't like the taste of words in my mouth without reasons in them.

Back to the Post thing.

Yeah.

Post cereals.

I'm beefing up on Bran.

Yeah.

Okay.

I may or may not run for president.

I got to be fully digestively fit.

Well, if you do run for president...

To answer your question, Cameron, yes.

I am more fit than I was when I was 19.

I'm more fit than I was when I strangled a man to death in an undisclosed combat scenario I won't get into.

I feel like that's going to come out in the election.

Yeah.

Are you worried about that in your past coming out?

Nope.

I strangled him to death.

He's not talking.

I'm in better shape than when I body slammed the Iron Sheik into a table.

Do people really want a murderer as the most powerful man?

I'm not a murderer.

I was serving my country.

I mean, some would argue that, you know, even though you're a soldier, it's technically murder.

What do you mean some?

That's a straw man.

And let me tell you something about a straw man argument.

If you hold a match to it, it's going to light on fire.

Do you hear me, Ockerman?

Who are you talking about?

Some people...

It's very difficult not to hear.

... calling me a murderer.

All right.

I'm calling you a murderer.

There you go.

There's the straw man.

It burned down and then there's a coward underneath it.

And he looks a lot like you.

Wait, is the Tin Man also coming in?

You got the cowardly lion, the straw man.

Maybe so.

That sounds like a pretty good cabinet.

Howard Stern, the Tin Man, Kevin Spacey.

Kevin Smith, put him in there.

I'm not working with Kevin Smith.

What's your problem with Kevin Smith?

I don't like the guy that doesn't talk.

I want to hear what he has to say.

Look, are you going to be like Arnold Schwarzenegger, where if you go into office, you retire from making films for that whole period, that would be a travest y.

Like I'm taking an oath of...

If I take the oath of office, I'm resigning from motion pictures.

Why can't you be the first president...

I'm going to find my star on the Minneapolis Hall of Fame and I'm going to go in with a crowbar and I'm going to rip it up out of the street.

If I'm elected president, I'm going to go to my birthplace in the St. Paul Municipal Hospital and I'm going to have it burned to the ground and in its place, I'm going to have a plaque that says, no memorials for Jesse Ventura.

He's just a normal person.

I don't want any plaques or commemorations.

But Jesse, Jesse, why can't you be the first president to not only be the president, but in your off hours, film movies at the same time?

I can do that, but I would be the biggest star in the world .

I mean, can you imagine if Barack Obama were also starring in movies?

Greg Gadsby.

That's what he should have.

It needed Barack Obama.

Yeah.

Or like, what if it's like a healthcare...

Would you have cast him as Daisy?

He would have either been Daisy or what is the Greg Gadsby 's guy's name?

Gadsby.

It's actually Gadsby.

Gadsby.

Jay Gadsby.

Yeah, Jay Gadsby.

Yeah.

What were you going to say, Cameron?

No, I just think there's like another opportunity there too , if you're doing this, you could put some political influence into the films.

You know, like it's like for right now, if Obama was like, let's say he's the star of a film where a family doesn't have healthcare and he physically hands it to them and then takes them to the hospital.

And then they all talk about how difficult the website is to get on probably.

Oh, come on.

It is.

Have you tried to get on there?

It's my homepage.

I can't even get on the internet.

Why did you use it as your homepage?

As a signal of protest.

I wanted to register my dissatisfaction with Obamacare by nominally signing up for it under a false name.

And that's my homepage and I can't get off of it.

I haven't been on the internet in the last six weeks or whatever.

That's right.

You got to get off the grid anyway, right?

Well, I'm usually not even reachable.

Yeah.

What would you just, we have after the podcast, Scott and I have a paper calendar and I, he just gives me a couple of dates and I go 50% likely 75% likely 10% chance of a drop in.

And I just give you a forecast for the next three months when I might show up.

Yeah.

There was only a 10% chance today, but boy, you really made it.

So fans, I was there were cold front brew blew in and what if there's enough condensation, I start dripping from the rooftops.

What do you think your percentages are for becoming president?

If you're, I mean, cause it sounds like you're a pro.

Well, you know something about the American political system, Cameron, you, all you need is a plurality.

Do you know what a plurality is?

Do you know what the word plural means?

More than one.

It means more than one.

That's correct.

And what you, that's all you need is to have the most number out of the plurality of candidates running.

If you're a two, you need to have 50% plus one.

If there's three candidates, you only need to have 33% plus one.

Right.

I mean, that's the, those are, you're breaking down the percentages needed in an election.

What do you think is the percentage that you'll...

What I'm doing is breaking down the high level math that most people can't tell.

It's pretty simple stuff.

Nope.

The mainstream media keeps it under wraps.

You're not allowed to understand it.

This is high level Ivy league, Harvard, MIT stuff.

And I'm breaking it down for you.

All I need is one third plus one to say, yep, I want him and probably register and vote.

But first you got to say, yep, I want him.

And then I can win.

That's the thing.

But that's only going to work if I'm in the debate.

You know what happens if I go into a debate with Hillary Rodham?

She'll be lucky if I doesn't rip her throat out.

If I doesn't rip her throat out.

She's very smart and pretty tough.

Yeah, but do you know how loud I am?

Oh, you mean just from the sound waves coming out of your mouth?

Yeah, look, I would lay hands on somebody.

I'm saying focused energy.

You're a lot like Black Bolt of the Inhumans, where if you just speak loud enough, it'll pierce her throat.

Is that a comic book reference?

It may be.

Look, my knowledge of comic books goes to Alan Moore, a little bit of Grant Morrison, and a kind of...

An Archie?

An R-crumb.

Oh, different R. Okay, we have to take a break.

All right.

But when we come back, I really want to hear what you would do to fix America.

You know, like you have Obamacare.

Well, I'll tell you.

No, don't tell me now because we have to...

Well, I'll tell you what I'll do.

No, no, no, please.

We need to take a break.

I'll start with the federal reserve.

No, we're taking a break.

I'll start with the federal reserve.

Okay, we'll come right back.

More comedy bang bang, more Cameron Esposito, more Brandon Small, and more Jesse, the body, the mind Ventura.

This is the nominal top rate.

Come on back.

Comedy Bing Bong, we're back here with Cameron, Brandon, and...

Brandon, God damn it.

What do I have to do?

Never mind.

Sorry.

What do you want to do?

Hey, that's a great question.

Is there anybody who never asked?

Here's what my advice to you is the same advice that I've told people who didn't ask or didn't ask over the years.

What would you do if you had a million dollars and you didn 't have to worry about money?

If you had one whole million dollars, okay, there you go.

That's your answer.

I wasn't talking to you, Scott.

I feel like you might have a million.

I mean, you're like a rich guy buying orchestras.

Yeah, like a pretty rich guy, right?

No, I'm just making stupid decisions with my...

I'd probably go hire an orchestra.

Yeah.

You would go out?

I'd hire like a hundred piece orchestra and I wouldn't even make them play.

I'd just hang out with them.

I'd hang out and I'd probably get someone...

They'd have to leave their instruments at home?

Yeah, and it'd be BYOB.

I'm not spending money on booze.

You'd have to bring your own.

That'd be part of the party.

It'd be a party.

Now, how much are you paying them per orchestra member?

Oh, whatever scale is.

You talk to the industry guys about that, not me.

You know what I'm saying?

So you're negotiable as far as the size of the final orchestra.

It could be a dollar per guy and then you got a million guys.

What I'd say is give me one million dollars worth of orche stral.

For how many?

Maybe that's just one yo-yo ma.

It could be, yeah.

Maybe one yo-yo ma or some douchebag.

Would you go a hundred people for as many days as a million dollars would take you or one day for as many members?

I'm starting to second guess what I would do with a million dollars.

No, too bad.

You're locked in.

I'm locked in?

Yep, I'm putting it in my JV book.

What about Cameron over here?

Cameron.

Fed a million dollars?

A million dollars.

What would you do?

I want to change mine.

Go on.

If you want to change it, you have to run for president and get 33% and a third plus one.

Yeah.

I mean, I'm sorry that you are stuck with that.

Yeah, I don't want it.

But I think that if I had a million dollars, what I would do is, honestly, I have a really hard time relating to men.

I don't like them.

There's three of them in this book right now.

Yeah, I know.

And I'm saying this to your face.

And Cody.

Yeah.

And it's hard, you know, I guess it's hard as a woman to, you know, 50% of the country is men and so you have to like talk.

It's actually a little less than 50, isn't it?

It's a little bit less, but it feels like more.

Yeah, it does.

It feels like 60.

So how many men would you need to kill in order for women to be 50%?

You know, I don't think I kill men.

I think I just create more women.

I don't know if that's like turning, I know that they're trying to turn eggs into sperm so that women can just have babies with each other.

That's racist.

I mean, as a man, that's racist to hear.

Wait, they're turning eggs into sperm so lesbians can...

Yeah, that's already happening.

Pour it on, never mind.

So yeah, so well, they're turning eggs into sperm so that women can spit it out.

Well, the problem with being a lesbian is you don't get...

I was about to say something like, I don't understand.

You don't get all those fun things.

Yeah, you don't get to spit it out.

Nothing's ever on your stomach.

Nothing's on your low back.

So these are the problems with being a lesbian.

It's hard and you can't mix it into anything for a practical joke.

So it's tough because you can't catch vaginal fluids as you know.

Do you feel, Cameron...

Except with the swim cap.

I think that women have been...

With the swim cap.

This has gone unnoticed but people don't realize this is going on but there are a lot of angry ladies female ejaculating in your food at restaurants.

Ladies female ejaculating in your food.

You know, well, here's my actual question.

You don't know that.

I mean, people don't...

That goes unnoticed.

I mean, I've seen it recently.

Wait a minute.

If you had been around female ejaculate, you would know that you cannot disguise that in food.

It is a volume which...

That sounds like the mainstream idea.

Outside of soup, that is impossible.

I had a pizza without anchovies that tasted like it did have anchovies on it.

Is that what we're talking about?

This is potentially explosive information.

No, that sounds like a...

It's been uncovered recently.

That sounds like somebody had kind of rubbed a tampon on it .

That's different.

I have a lot of people that have been telling me this and then I think I was having Thai food the other night and I said, this tastes like female ejaculation.

I'm not joking.

Wait a minute.

That's corroboration.

I might have to sit down with you for season three of my program.

Conspiracy Theory on True TV.

Yeah.

Camera on here is about the mainstream version that female ejaculate can't be found on the outside of a corporeal body.

No, I just think it's a big vault.

Listen, I'm going to tell you one other story.

I went to go see...

I spent a lot of the movies.

I went and I said...

You're a cinephile.

I'm a cinephile.

I went to the movies and...

That's gross.

I went to the fullest extent of the lot.

There was a lady who was working and I said, hey, why are we...

I got a movie to go to and she gave me this look.

I got a bag of wet popcorn.

Wait, where were you that you sent this to the woman?

She was involved in the theater.

Okay, got it.

She was the one getting the popcorn.

I said, if you could hurry it up and I think she just got a darker undertone.

If you could hurry it up, it would be great.

And she gave me that look of like, oh man, I shouldn't have complained.

She gave me this look and she said, give me about 15 minutes or so.

Fifteen minutes for a popcorn?

That's conspiracy.

She took her iPhone to the bathroom.

It's for material?

For material.

Wow.

Well, I don't...

Wow, that smells fishy.

Again, I dislike that because women are not visually turned on.

It would have had to...

She would have had to been playing an audio book or something.

Yeah.

Like a Promises.

Someone whispering in her ear about their feelings.

Yeah, I mean, women don't watch Promises.

I don't know if I trust you to speak to all women.

On behalf of all women, I'll just say I've never been turned on by porn or physical bodies.

I know, but that's what I'm trying to tell you.

I don't even know why I'm with a woman because I can't tell you why.

If you listen to the whole story, that's what I'm saying.

Okay?

She was listening to some...

She was going through some old texts.

She went through some texts that were about commitment?

That's just...

Hold on.

And someone said, where are you going?

She goes, just cover for me.

I got some old texts.

Why did you wait for that, Bob?

Female speculator in the schedule.

What are you talking about?

Do you suspect that she was getting text messages from the New World Order telling her...

Oh, geez.

I don't know.

You are really not getting what this is about, Jesse.

I don't know.

Nope.

Yeah, you're...

He was getting messages in the bathroom, a known place to receive messages.

And that then she came back out and he had a compromised basket of popcorn.

Why would you wait for that...

A basket or a box of popcorn?

Like a normal amount of popcorn.

Why did you wait for that popcorn?

He was right.

It was a basket.

Go on.

Why would you have waited for that popcorn?

See, this is what men are pressing women.

Because I like popcorn.

I love popcorn.

Because if you'd been a woman, you would have just gotten your own goddamn popcorn waiting for a woman to serve you popcorn.

It's ridiculous.

So you're in the movie theater.

I'm paying for a woman.

I didn't expect her to serve me popcorn.

You were paying for a woman.

So now I get it.

You're paying for a woman.

Oh, that's your type.

Oh, I see.

I see what you guys are...

Cameron, if you had...

I'm getting backed into a corner over here.

You got a sack of dolphin-safe popcorn.

Is that what it is?

Cameron, if you had your druthers, would no woman ever have a job so that they would never have to serve another man?

You know, I think that's a really good question.

I think women...

I'm fine with women serving women.

You know, so that kind of thing.

So women-only gym.

Totally chill on that.

And those are, as you know, Curves already a pretty big women-only gym.

So the Curves model should apply to every industry.

What I'm trying to say is I want women doing a circuit around other women.

So however that looks, if that's at cubicles from one cub icle to another or whatever it is, you know, just like maybe they work at a Marie Call ender.

Is that how you say that?

Sure, but the customers can only be women.

Yeah, only to other women.

I don't like to see a woman ever go down for a man, as you know what I'm saying.

And also, they should never have men bosses.

They should always have women bosses.

Well, that's why I want Hillary Clinton to be our president .

I get it.

That's where you're wrong.

I can accomplish all that.

You're talking about Marie Callenders?

I studied the Marie Mayan calendars.

I saw the prophecies.

That's a totally different restaurant.

I just, it's hard to...

They predicted all the dipping sauces thousands of years ago.

I just don't think men are intuitive.

I don't think they're smart.

I knew you'd say that.

Marie Callenders is well known for their dipping sauces.

Not their pies.

See, this is the kind of stuff I'm talking about.

It's just a man speaking what he thinks Marie Callenders is .

You know what I always call a pie?

A dipping sauce with crust, McMahon.

So you don't even know what you...

Where's your base of knowledge on that?

My base of knowledge?

You want to know where I studied?

Yeah.

I studied at 14 different community colleges.

Can you say that about yourself, Cameron?

Did you complete any sort of program?

I can bellow in six languages.

Can you reach the shattering volume in any tongue besides your own?

I don't want any double entendres.

Shattering...

Okay.

Now I get what you're saying then, because I get the tongue thing at the end.

That's actually pretty good.

But no, shattering volume, that's the thing about...

If you were a more intuitive and more intellectual person, you wouldn't have to yell.

That's all I have to say about that.

I don't agree with that.

Okay, okay, okay.

No, but I think, no, I respect your opinion.

I just think it's an opinion that needs to be beaten into the ground and erased from history.

And that's how men feel about women.

Do you think, Cameron, that part of the issue, and I've found this a lot of times, is they always say, well, men are more powerful, or physical bodies , and that's why men have been in positions of power over the years.

But I think a lot of it is the voices.

It's like just listening to all of this, it's so hard to be able to hear sometimes or to interject.

I know.

I cannot even hear myself in my own earphones.

I think as a woman, the only reason I've been able to succeed in standup is I have a pretty deep voice for a lady, which allows people to not be threatened.

If you hear a high-voiced woman, you'll notice in comedy shows, everybody will leave.

And then Comedy Central will go ahead and...

Yeah, they say, ah, I'm out of here.

First comic comes on, it's a lady-pissed voice.

What else is there to do tonight?

It's exactly true.

They'll wait in line for popcorn, they'll do whatever else.

They'll do anything to get away from a high-pitched voice woman.

I'm just listening.

No, I can't.

You've already brought it up and so I'm bringing it and I 'll say it.

You love to pay a woman to bring you baskets of popcorn, don't you, Brendan?

See, it's the worst.

My whole story has been taken out of context.

Have you been listening to Tom like us?

I do listen to Tom a little bit.

I saw him the other day, by the way.

Yep.

Oh, good.

Where was it?

Detroit?

Where did I see him?

How would I know?

Oh, I'm just trying to remember.

I'm asking myself.

Well, I hope you punch that son of a bitch for me because I 've got a feud going with him.

He's got his Philadelphia eyes on.

Oh, there you go.

On the Comedy Bang Bang Live tour.

What's your feud about?

Well, he owes me five bucks.

Oh.

Wait, that's a feud?

That could just be someone owing you money.

Nope.

That's an O. That's a money O.

That's a blood feud.

Why did you loan him five dollars?

What did he have to...

I didn't loan him five dollars.

He broke five dollars worth of merchandise.

What is this?

I've never heard this story.

What merchandise?

I let him use one of my very important personal condoms.

What?

Those are five bucks?

And then he poked holes in it and tried to give it back to me.

It's a sentimental value.

It was incalculable.

I said on principle five bucks and he said on principle I'm not paying.

Wait, so he used the condom.

Yep.

Then he poked holes in it and gave it back to you.

I don't know which came first.

The who came first.

The poking or the yag.

But he poked holes in it because he wanted...

So what's special about your personal condoms?

It's been a while since I've been around a condom.

So you'll have to describe it to me in general.

Yeah.

Well, when I was in office as governor, I was governor of Minnesota from 1999 to 2003 in AD and Minnesota, the state up by the Great Lakes.

I know where it is.

You don't have to talk to me like that.

Well, I just know we're complaining about men not being out , so I'm just making sure we're on the same page.

I'm from Chicago.

Right.

I got it.

So it's not far from Chicago then.

You would just probably drive Northwest a little bit for maybe about eight hours.

You don't have to explain the direction.

I know.

I've driven it.

It's less than eight hours.

Okay.

Well, if you ever get into Minneapolis and you ride the light rail, you can thank me because I put it in there and I'm a man.

How about that?

That's tough to hear.

Anyway.

Because it's true.

When I was in office...

I don't feel good.

When I was in office, I wore the same condom all four years .

What?

Where?

Because that was the kind of...

I didn't want to have an orgasm on the job.

I didn't think the people were paying me.

Wait.

You're taking this off and putting it on?

You are having the orgasms.

You're just doing it in a condom.

Is that what you're saying?

That's your own personal assessment.

I don't count it if it's inside of a rubber.

So how much was in that rubber by the end of your four years?

What?

How many CCs of jisms?

Most of it backed up right back into me.

Oh, God.

Oh, dear.

That's not healthy.

Nope.

That is healthy.

I looked into it.

I found the documents.

Alex Jones said it's good to have cum swimming around as long as it's coming in from your own dick hole.

So as long as you re-appropriate it into your...

Yep.

Absorbent at osmosis.

I didn't know that.

I mean, I can't imagine you describing anything more disgusting right now.

You can't?

No, I can't.

Well, let me tell you about how I was a professional wrestler.

I had the same underpants on.

Oh, yeah.

That's right.

That's fine.

That's not good.

You want to change underpants.

It's a bacteria issue.

It was.

Yeah.

I got...

My staff infection is so extensive, I call it a faculty infection.

That's humorous.

I get it.

Yeah.

I really cracked myself up on that one.

You really did.

So were you taking this...

How would you...

Forgive me.

I don't know how condoms work.

How would you go to the bathroom?

Well, you got to practice safe sex, Cameron.

No, I don't.

Actually, I don't have to practice sex.

You got to practice safe sex.

No, I mean, I really don't.

I'm in a committed relationship, and we can't really have a baby, so...

Yeah, but you want to make sure that you're not putting anybody in danger.

Look, I've done public service announcements.

I mean, we're emotionally safe with each other.

I don't understand what you're trying to say to me.

Yeah, I mean...

You understand?

I mean, I'll use condoms.

I'll open them.

I'll allow them to dry in the sun.

I'll make them into a dreamcatcher and hang them above our bed, but that's the only time I would ever use them.

That's valid.

Cameron, do us a favor just to get them off this topic.

You know, incorporate a condom the next day.

You don't have to talk about me like I'm not people.

Yeah, I mean, I'll put it on a banana, peel the banana, throw the banana peel away and put a condom on it.

I'll do that sort of thing.

I just don't understand if there's more...

Just rub a condom on your fiance.

I'll stretch it open and look through it.

Mostly it's the ceremony.

It's the ceremony that matters.

Yeah, I love that sound.

That's my favorite sound is to hear that ripping open the condoms.

I just feel like now you're asking me to spend money on condoms when I already make less money than you.

You asked me to spend money on useless...

I'm not asking you to spend money.

I want...

I think the government should give those away.

I think it's a public health issue.

I agree on that actually.

Here's the question.

Should women only pay 70% for anything?

Oh no.

You know?

I like that.

How about that?

They make 70 cents on the dollar.

Brendan, maybe you could give like a female discount to your metallocalypse.

Yeah.

Should there be two prices in every store?

I'm not in charge of the prices.

Male price and female price.

Well, what if...

I got an idea.

What if there's two water fountains and then one of them has 70% of the water that the other one has?

Yes.

I got something that is kind of the same thing.

You're talking about a dehydration epidemic.

I don't think women should have to pay for condoms, but I think they should have to stand in line and bring them up to the counter and then leave.

They should have to go through the embarrassment.

Wave them in the air.

Where just go wait in the CVS and the line and just wait for a while and have everybody kind of look in their basket and go...

Is that embarrassing?

That's what I think you should...

It's embarrassing.

And then you just leave them at the thing and then you just say, I'll see you later.

And they don't buy anything.

The worst part about condoms now, Brendan, and we're really relating on this because I use them all the time, is now they...

When you go into the CVS, now you can't even get in behind the glass thing without making it go beep, beep, beep, beep, beep.

And then someone has to come over to you and give you your condom.

You're like, may I have my condoms, please?

I set those off no matter...

Even if I'm just walking through the aisle because of my metal hips.

When I walk into a drug store in modern day Obama America, what happens is I just set everything off like an episode of Short Circuit.

Oh, okay.

Yeah, it was a great TV show back in the...

You never saw Short Circuit?

I've only seen one episode and it was on the big screen.

No, I saw about two or three of them.

There was a fun show.

Well, there was a Short Circuit 2, the movie.

Yeah, that was the splitting hair second episode.

I feel like it's hard for me to have a lot of compassion for you guys about how embarrassing that must be about condoms.

Sure, go on, why?

Well, because...

All about walking through and set things off like a robot man?

No, that actually sounds tough.

I feel free on that.

Thank you, thank you.

It's the condoms.

I mean, because if you're a woman, you have to buy tampons.

No, tampons, toilet paper, and condoms.

Those are the worst things.

Yeah.

Even just buying toilet paper, it's like announcing to the world, like, I shit out of my bottom.

You know?

No, that is tough.

That is tough.

It's for both sexes.

And I buy baby wipes.

It's embarrassing for everybody.

You know, because I'm a clean person.

No, but you can pretend that you have a baby, and that's an issue.

I guess you're right, but I always don't.

I always say, these are for me right now.

I have to use them now.

I'm pooping as I'm talking to you.

I always say that, then I go, uh.

And even somebody else in line, if you're not getting toilet paper and somebody else is getting toilet paper, you look at that guy and you're like, great, you've blown our cover.

Yeah, exactly.

It's hard.

I got no shirt.

Sometimes I back my whole truck into a Costco and I go, load it.

Load it in.

Just everything in the Costco?

No, just toilet paper.

Pile it in.

Just give it all to me.

I walk into the aisle and I make sure they get every roll into the back of the truck.

I go, I'm planning on a month of chili, coffee, and sauerk raut and apples.

You better pack that in, bubba.

You were asking, what would you do if you...

I'm eating hamburger this month.

You were asking what would you do if you had a million dollars.

Gotta wipe it off.

I would love to go to a Costco and say, I'll buy everything .

Yeah.

Then I would say that's what you should do.

And if you, and you know what?

If you have an easy work around, if you don't have the million dollars, just grab stuff.

I also have, I've always wanted to go to a Marie calendars or a Marie Mayan calendars and order everything on the menu and have one bite of everything.

Cause everything looks so good when you're there.

You know what I mean?

I would say do it.

Just go around ripping through the world like a sociopath with his hair on fire.

That's the advice that I'm giving that I heard from Alan Watts.

Do whatever you would do if you had a million dollars.

I think it would be so fun to say to one time to go everything on the menu and have it all come at once.

I feel like that could be done for way less than a million dollars.

It probably is.

I just want to support you in this dream is what I'm trying to say.

I feel like that's within reach for you.

How much would it be?

It would maybe be at least 500 bucks.

You know it's like 500, you know, like max.

If you're spending a million dollars on that, you're employing people in the economy.

I say, I say, let them do it.

I've been in charge of a budget.

What you want is economic activity that snowballs over itself like a sled in the wintertime.

He gets like a $500 bill.

He leaves a million.

Yeah.

That's what you're saying.

And that then cycles through and causes, it's a trickle down scenario.

You talk about being in charge of a budget.

Isn't Cameron, isn't this the problem with Hillary being the president is like women aren't in charge of the budgets at home.

Like men are in charge of it.

This would be the first time she'd ever done one, I would imagine.

Wow.

I feel like that's not true in this specific case and I'll tell you why.

Because I feel like with, I mean, cause we know who she's married to.

Like I get what you're saying in a lot of relationships, but in this relationship we know she's married to.

There's no way Bill Clinton is responsible with money.

He's hiding his money.

He might be hiding it, but he's also spending it on saxoph ones and prostitutes.

But she doesn't know, what you're saying Scott is that I think that from this point she's been playing with like toy money.

She doesn't know it.

That's what you're saying.

It's been not real.

It's monopoly money.

Exactly.

I mean, do you think that's true when somebody is a secretary of state that they do a little bit away from the...

You know, I think if we're going to have a woman president, I think we should prepare young women for the chance that they might be a woman president.

Like we do prepare them to be pregnant.

And I say that we have a program where they have to carry a little package of flour around all day and that that's their assistant secretary of state or that's...

It's just America.

The chairman of the United Nations and you got to carry that through Congress or the White House.

You have to carry a little button around with you in high school and that's the nuclear bombs.

Those are the nuclear bombs.

Right, like the football.

If you drop it, bam, school's over, nobody gets a degree.

Because that's the big problem.

Because you just dropped a nuclear bomb.

Accidentally bumping into the button.

Exactly.

It happens.

It has happened.

I had tiny nukes as governors.

When I was in Minnesota, I had just a tiny baby nuke I was in charge of.

And was the button in an exposed area?

I dropped it.

Luckily I hot potatoed it into one of the big lakes.

Well, that's what happens.

All right, guys.

Well, that's been our show.

We have to go.

There's only one thing we have left on the show and that's a little something called Plugs.

What's a plot to our president, Pinch?

Achoo!

I'm a dog imminent.

A liftoff imminent.

A liftoff imminent in five, four, three, nose, one.

Once upon a time, in fact, it still happened.

You got mulched away through a podcast that kept you laughing.

It was a free download, didn't cost shit.

Had you chuckling to your side, splitting stitches to your shit, your britches, listen, bitches.

Time to pay the fucking pipe run.

Ain't nothing for free.

I better see an asset largo at the corn at a UCB.

Act up, get smacked up like a heckling in a front room.

You're wrapped in my flow.

So I give you two choices.

Make a decision quick, son.

Eat a dick, eat a dick, eat a dick.

So I give you two choices.

Make a decision quick, son.

Eat a dick twice.

I just had you two drink minimum.

Sometimes it's free, sometimes you gotta pay for funny.

So get your bitch ass down to the show.

Take me some money.

M&M, that's good stuff.

That was Plugs and Rec by Drewping.

Marshall Mathers.

D-R-E-W-P-I-N-G.

Hey, here's a question about rap, about white guys doing rap specifically.

I think it's not racist to assume that those were white guys, right?

I think those are white guys.

I can tell because I hated them.

We appreciate them sending that in.

That was Slim Shady.

But I have a question about white guys doing rap specifically.

Is it possible for white guys to rap without doing the New York voice?

It sounds weird if they don't.

Because the very first rappers, Run DMC and Grandmaster Flash and all them, the Furious Five, they were all from New York.

So rap traditionally and hip hop traditionally started with people doing that New York voice.

And so now, I think people adopt it now where if you're not even from New York, it's difficult to rap without adopting that accent, isn't it?

I would love to see some white Chicago based rappers.

I want to hear a real, like a pizza.

Hey, my name is Chicago Mike and I'm here to say.

I'm not hearing it.

That sounds great.

I feel at home.

I'm not hearing what you're talking about, a New York accent.

What's that?

He's rubbing his eyes.

He is so tired of being here.

I like glance at Cody every once in a while.

Is this funny?

And it's just like his head is in his hands.

He's just like, maybe a little early.

What you're seeing is his MK Ultra programming fade away.

I've seen it before.

Are you a controlled assassin?

Are you here to stop my run for the presidency?

Don't be a controlled assassin.

Stand down, soldier.

Please.

Whatever they've told you to do, you don't need to do it.

Do you hear me?

Please.

There's a freedom out there.

You didn't swear an oath to them.

You swore an oath to the Constitution.

Please, Jesse.

He's not a controlled assassin.

He's just a guy.

How do you know?

Maybe you're running him.

No, please sit down.

I want to hear some eloquent rap with really great punct uation and grammar.

Like if they were like one of those...

Who's that guy?

Oscar Wilde?

Yeah, Oscar Wilde.

Yeah, that guy.

But like if they were having a battle of wits style of a rap, but really great grammar.

No contractions, really.

It's almost difficult, and I know that we're not getting into the plugs, but it's almost difficult to hear rappers if they're not from the streets, you know what I mean?

Or if they're not from the inner city.

So that's why people adopt city dialects when they're doing hip hop.

Because if you're too rich or you don't come from the streets, you're not viewed as rich.

You know what I mean?

You don't think that when Oscar Wilde said, I have nothing to declare but my own genius, when he was walking through customs at the TSA?

Was that where it was?

You don't think that's the kind of swagger that a hip hop artist needs?

You always wonder where those famous quotes come from.

Yeah, that was my word.

Yeah, Oscar Wilde was the first TSA protester.

Wow.

Really?

He's keeping his flame alive.

All right.

Well, hey, we do want to thank Drew Ping for Plugs and Rec.

That was a good song.

I'm sorry to get off on a tangent about that, but I just...

And they may have...

How are the cosigns doing?

What?

They may have actual dialects from the place.

It was a question.

I wanted to bring it up, and hey, we had a really fun conversation about it.

I feel like you made a great point.

Yeah, I feel like you made a really good point.

All right, well, let's get to our plugs.

Cameron, you want to plug Put Your Hands Together every Tuesday night, UCB Theater, 8 p.m., and then the following Tuesday...

Or Thursday, rather, the podcast comes out.

Yes, please listen.

It's amazing and I'm proud of it.

And go on it.

I've been on it.

Yeah.

Yep.

Yeah, Jesse's been on the show.

I've been on Put Your Hands Together.

I didn't allow any of them to be released, though.

I've been on 12 times.

None of them have been released.

Are you doing any live dates or any touring or anything like that?

Yeah, I just got back from a massive tour, so I'm home in L .A. for a little while.

But I'll be in Chicago next week.

With Chicago Mike.

I'll be home in Chicago.

I'll be at Zany's.

I'll be at beautiful Zany's all week.

What are the dates on that, do you know?

Oh, it is whatever the week of Thanksgiving is.

Yep.

Oh, okay.

So what day is Wednesday?

Like starting a Tuesday.

Tuesday, so the 26th, next week, basically.

The 26th, 27th, 28th, 29th.

Are you doing that long run of 15,000 shows they do at Zany 's between Tuesday and Sunday?

I'm doing 75,000 shows and I'm making a million dollars that I'm going to spend and re-account once we get back.

But also, CameronEsposito.com has all my upcoming tour dates.

I am doing a bunch of tour shows.

www.CameronEsposito.com.

That's right.

But more importantly, you can just go to internet.com and all that information is up there.

Yeah, it's all up there.

Internet.com or at Cameron Esposito on the internet.

That'll also be there.

Brendan, we have Metalocalypse.

Tell us everything in a nutshell.

So you can check out the soundtrack on iTunes or go to my website, BrendanSmull.com.

I'll be doing a show at the Improv, Brendan Small & Friends , next Saturday night, the 23rd.

Oh, this Saturday?

Yeah.

Okay, great.

Yeah, come and see me.

I have a great band with me.

I'll be doing some shredding and comedy and jokes and all kinds of stuff like that.

That's the LA Improv, right?

That is the LA Improv, yeah.

Or you can follow me on Twitter to get more updates.

And what's next?

You've got twitter.com forward slash Brandon.

What do you have coming next after, you know, people obviously should buy the record, but what's out there in 2014?

2014, too soon to make an announcement on that stuff, but some fun stuff.

I've heard of Too Soon.

Too Soon to Make an Announcement?

Yeah, Too Soon to Make an Announcement.

That's great.

Yeah.

And it really sounds fantastic.

It's a fun project.

Check it out.

All right.

So this is the first episode of the comedy bang bang TV show this Friday, an episode that we're very, very proud of.

This one is with Andy Dick as our main guest.

And this is the trippiest episode that we have done this year and also the one that we spent the most time on.

This is the episode that I think I shot.

It feels like I shot forever because I felt like I was wearing those clothes forever and ever.

We shot it so much.

You've seen the picture that I Instagrammed of myself getting a ton of muddy sewage water dumped on me.

That is this episode.

We shot it a really long time and we're very proud of it.

That's this Friday, 10 p.m. IFC, 10, 9 central comedy bang bang TV show.

Andy Dick and also some other great people on that particular show.

Todd Glass is on the show.

Kyle Kinane, Natasha Leggero.

You think Andy Dick's a great person?

Yeah, I do.

Yeah, he's a great guy.

He's really funny on the show, by the way.

I think he's a monster.

Well, did he break one of your condoms as well?

No, he jizzed all over my face.

Oh, geez.

Okay.

But anyway, watch that.

And we have a donor, by the way, Matt Cohen donated, wow, $ 250 to Earwolf.

Gosh, thank you so much, Matt.

That is so nice.

We have something special coming out to you.

Appreciate that, Matt.

Really appreciate that.

By the way, we'll have a bonus episode on Thursday with a couple of great people that you'll want to hear.

So that's all I have to plug.

Jesse, I've saved the best for last.

What are you going to plug?

Why do you think I'm going to plug anything?

I may or may not be running for president.

Okay.

I've said that before.

I'm waiting for the right time for enough people.

I need to see people in the streets screaming my name all the time.

I don't know that that's going to happen.

Nope, it'll happen.

That's how William Howard Daft was elected.

All right.

So if you're listening to this and you want him to run- Go out in the street right now and start yelling.

It's 1201 on Monday.

You may wake the neighbors a little bit.

No, it doesn't.

I'm fine with that.

Maybe you're in a different time zone.

Or do you roll it through the time zones?

No, this show comes out 1201 on Monday and that's when people listen to it.

It's tough.

It's a tough time.

Greenwich Mean Time?

I don't know.

I think Greenwich Time should be a little bit nicer.

All right.

Let's close up the old plug bag.

Wait a minute.

I got stuck in a- That's right.

Not again.

How am I going to run for president from inside of a plug bag?

Oh, no, he got stuck in the plug bag again.

That happened last time he was here.

Oh, well.

Well, guys, I want to thank you so much, Brendan.

Thank you for having me.

I appreciate his fun hanging out with you guys.

And Cameron, such a pleasure having you on your first time.

Oh, it was a pleasure.

Yeah, thank you.

Thank you.

I'm so glad you're here.
