♪ Comedy Bang Bang ♪ Gettin' paid and gettin' laid like Randy Quaid in Independence Day and welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

Hmm. Alright. Thanks to Bingo Boy. Bingo Boy, I believe, making his first catchphrase appearance for Comedy Bang Bang.

Welcome to the show!

Uh, third Monday in May, of course, and may I say that we have a wonderful show today.

Uh, coming up a little later, we have a sports bar poet.

That's interesting. I've never heard of that exact profession before.

Uh, we also have a returning guest, a favorite, Mrs. Potts will be here a little later, so that's incredible. We'll find out what she's been up to.

And, uh, we have another returning guest. Um, so we're two returners and one new guest, if anyone's keeping track out there, keeping the stats.

And, uh, as far as stats go, uh, this person has been just blowing the roof off of him ever since, uh, this show has been incepted into your minds.

This is his probably, I want to say, sixth appearance, uh, in nine years or so? I'm not really sure.

Yeah! Six and nine.

Six and nine! Hey, put those two numbers together. I like it.

So you get the ultimate double oral, please. Both at once.

Um, he is a, uh, for my money, and I'm trying to think of how much money I've spent on this.

How much have you spent on me?

Zero dollars, it seems like.

Grooming in publicity, nothing?

I mean, I went to your, uh, off-Broadway show for free because you gave me tickets.

Okay, zero.

Uh, I have seen your specials on Netflix, uh, for- Zero, zero.

I mean, I, you know, I mean, honestly, your special may be the only thing I watched this month. So, you know, that's about, what is it per month? About $12.99 or something like that?

Oh, okay. So $12.99.

Yeah, about 13 bucks I've spent on you.

Right. Right.

And, uh, for, but for my money is what I was going to say.

The $13.

The $13. So take this for, with a grain of salt, that it's only $13 worth of opinion.

Uh, but for my money, the greatest living stand-up comedian- Nope, I'm going to go, greatest stand-up comedian living or dead.

Really?

Because the dead ones are not that great anymore.

Oh, they were good.

Well, I mean, they were good when they were alive, but currently they're not good.

There's living ones too that are great, but I love myself very much.

Yes. Uh, his new special, uh, Kid Gorgeous live at Radio City Music Hall. Is that part of the title?

Yeah. Kid Gorgeous at Radio City. I think we finally decided.

So you took out the live because it's not, I mean, you taped it.

It's on tape. Yeah.

It's on tape.

I put in live and then they said it's not.

And you even, you even edited stuff out, I would imagine.

So it's like, there's all sorts of trickery and chicanery.

Absolutely. Uh, you film two shows and then you edit them together, but always one is better than the other. So it's basically one show.

Right. And, and what I would like, and we'll introduce you in a second.

What I would like is if you get to me, is if there was just a bug in the upper right hand corner describing which show that you were currently watching.

There's not a bug, but there's, uh, there's sweat that if you, if you're a continuity master, there's flop sweat that you can really track and you go, that's more of a 11 PM thing than a 7 PM.

So you sweat more in the second show. Okay. Very interesting. I was tracking.

Well, the first show is always tight and bad. And then you go, God damn it. Why are we doing this?

Why are we banking so much money on? Everyone get in here.

I'm so mad.

Production meeting. Yeah. Production meeting. I don't like myself.

Well, that is currently on Netflix. Uh, uh, the wife, uh, when I say the wife, I mean my wife, um, not the proverbial, yes, not all wives in the world.

Not the Royal wife. Um, not Megan Markle.

Not Megan Markle. We watched it last night. Uh, there is no better $13 spent.

Uh, he is here live with us. John Delaney is here. Hello.

Hello. Welcome back. Thanks for the 13 bucks. Yeah. My pleasure. What are you going to do with it?

Um, I spent it already. I went to 7 11.

Yeah. Now 7 11. Okay. I don't understand it because like when you put numbers, what don't you get when you put numbers like the dollar store, I get it. Right. 99 cent store.

Even better. Sure. But almost as almost anonymous. Sure.

But seven 11, like everything is $7.

Everything is $11. Not at all. Not at all. While I don't know the origins of the store's name, that's not what's happening there at all. But, um, now that you say that, I don't know why it's called 7 11. Why don't they, because at the 99 cents store, sure. Everything for awhile was 99 cents, but they would like sponges were three for 99. You know, the cheap things they would, they would, you know, put enough of them in a packet. So it would add up to 99. Now you said for awhile, has it changed? Well, I don't even know because I haven't been in one. I would imagine inflation has made these things obsolete or sometimes when they're not ready at Jitlata, you cross the street and there's a big old 99 cent store. Jitlata is a, for those of you that don't know, is a Thai place. That's wonderful. But, uh, as they would, as they self advertise, their love of food is big, but their kitchen is small. So it's going to be a long way. Exactly.

By the way, they are a current advertiser. I appreciate you reading the copy that I gave you.

They do. They do. As you walk in, there's a sign that says like, it's going to be awhile.

And then there's 800 Mac Rainings on the wall. Wait, so he, he, he does the sort of, uh, what was that? The Derby where they, that, uh, who was that, uh, artist who did all the, the, the drawings of, it wasn't Hirschfeld, but it was Hirschfeld. Okay. You're the, you, you are the, well, it may have been Hirschfeld. I don't know. I'm about to attack you.

I feel like I'm reaching out to you with open hands, but you are the typical person who would know a piece of information like that.

That's wonderful. Thank you. Yeah. I'm an anachronistic out of touch person.

Yes. Thank you. But, um, he does, are they of celebrities or are they just Simpsons?

They look almost like that Picasso thing. You ever heard that Picasso wouldn't like not pay for a meal. He would just like draw a scribble and be like, there you go. Or is that just a John Levitt sketch anyway? Uh, they seem almost, there's so many homers that I'm like, were these in a bartering atmosphere? Like, I'll tell you what, once again, I forgot my wallet.

You guys know me. Two entrees. That's a Homer. Sure. Yeah.

I'll give you a Homer.

I'll give you a Homer. Like if you want to Bart though.

That's a full nine courser.

Yeah. Uh, did you ever buy bootleg Bart Simpson gear back in the day?

You know what? The guys in the lonely Island and I talk about it all the time about and Neil Campbell as well about the, the like the Rasta ones and the, uh, what were your favorites?

Well, I, my friend went to New York and he got an African American Bart who was, uh, basically Patrick Ewing. He was in the next Jersey, both patchings, number dunking. Right.

And, uh, I think I said like, you know, the Bart man, uh, Nick's fan or something.

Bartman, Nick's man. Yeah. So it's okay. And, and rhymes.

Yeah. Sure. Uh, Bart and X. Um, yeah, that's not a double run. Yeah. Let's take that slant rhyme. Those almost rhyme.

But, uh, look, I don't want to step on the lonely Island and Neil's territory. No, no, no, no.

By the way, develop this because this is just, this was office talk. You, you know what I mean?

They don't talk about it on mic. Wait, no, this is purely just like a bang, bang or in the office or whatever. I was laughing about these shirts. I think this is prime material for your next special.

Ooh, I like that it's already been done in a, in a office atmosphere, but now I would take it appropriate. Well, I that's, that's what I think a lot of your comedy really is to me is like stuff that people talk about in the office, but they're not funny.

Right. Or the subjects are like, oh, well you wouldn't, that's boring. You wouldn't talk about that. And I'm like, I'll show you.

But I can imagine like around the office, someone saying like one day, Hey, you ever go to an assembly when you were young? And then people going, Oh yeah, those are fine. And that's the end of it. That's where it ends. And I go, I don't chime in.

I wait, wait. My wife was telling me about her school assembly. She went to on the 4th of July.

She was like, you know, we once had an assembly just for about natural gas. And she was like, a guy came in to her high school in Connecticut and talked about natural gas. And I was like, was he from like a natural gas company?

And she's like, yes. And then I remember that we would have those and, uh, people would come in and just any, we once had a guy named bill Pinkney who sailed around the world. First African-American man to sail solo around the world. He came in, talked to us. He was, uh, we were so bored. He was talking about sailing. We were bored. He told us that he got his ear pierced when he rounded Cape horn, which is a tradition.

That was a little interesting.

At the end, he's like, now I'd like to show you, uh, when I got back, um, who I got to meet someone you might recognize. And he just had a slideshow and it's a photo of him and Michael Jordan. And we all cheered. Now did any of this, uh, uh, did this come in under the wire that it could have been included in the chunk about assemblies or your wife's information primarily?

I, or was this something she said to you right after taping of like, oh, that reminds me.

It was, I didn't have anything about assemblies in the show till, uh, the fall. And, uh, in the hour that I was touring and then, um, she brought that up.

And so, uh, after the 4th of July, late August, I started doing a bit about assemblies that made it into the special. I once sat on stage that my wife went to an assembly that was just on natural gas and I had no comment for it.

It was just there. And I, it, it works in a podcast setting really well. Yeah. And it was fine. The audience appreciated that it was on theme. Right.

Um, how do you, uh, I was watching the special last night and, uh, uh, you have such a seamless transition into your first chunk about ghosts, uh, where you, you, you mentioned the venue and, uh, you mentioned, uh, the fact, uh, that, that so many, I don't want to spoil it for you, but, uh, okay. You mentioned the fact that it's an old venue where so many people, Radio City, Radio City music, people have played there who have died later. And one would imagine if you, on the theory that ghosts haunt places that were important to them, you could imagine that ghosts would haunt Radio City. Do you think that's what my question, do you think you'll be haunting Radio City? Oh, where would you like to haunt?

The Laugh Factory. Which one? The one down here on Sunset?

Yeah, the one on Sunset. Yeah. Yeah.

You can go to Greenblatt's. Uh, I guess you wouldn't, did you, how much agency do you have as a ghost? Can you go up and down the strip? Uh, let's see, I think you can travel vertically at about, children can see you, which is not a problem at Greenblatt's or the factory.

Right, of course. I've done the Laugh Factory once or twice and the first time was bad and the second time happened. And, uh, I, nothing against it. It'd just be fun to haunt a place that I really had no connection to. Right, yes. I believe I've only been there three times in my life, twice as a performer, one time to see a benefit concert.

For whom I do not know, but some comedian, some comedian who was ill or something like that. Oh. Uh, what a star-studded lineup, but I cannot remember for whom it was. Now, this is a terrible thought, but do you ever see people who have a lot of money tweet a Kickstarter and you go, why don't you just pay for the person?

Right. Yeah, just pay like, just throw them some bucks.

They're like, we gotta get three grand for, you know, Stewie D. And you're like, why don't you pay for Stewie D? You're so rich, you have TV shows. I know who you are. Stewie, who's this now? Stewie?

Well, let's imagine a Boston comic named Stewie D. Stewie D. And his closer was about, uh, was a Chia Pet. They put it on his balls. Sure.

Grew a lot of ball hits. Let's imagine that. Let's just imagine something, yeah. Now Stewie's sick, right? So what does he have by the way? Oh, cancer. And, uh, and, uh, people go, people that, you know, are millionaires. They go, Hey, if Stewie D needs three grand and then you look and like, 900 is raised in $10 increments and you, people like, it's not even anonymous. People are like, here you go. And you go, you're, you got money, son of a bitch. Well, that's the thing. We're, we're so willing to like, you know, throw a couple grand.

What's the legal limit for political, uh, it's like $2,700 or something like that. Unless you got a shell corporation. Yeah, of course.

Yeah. I always set up shell corporations to donate to my, uh, I donate to Shell gas and I say, please pass this on to some progressive candidates and some new voice. But why can't, yeah, exactly why we're so willing to throw 2,700 bucks out there for people. Just throw 2,700 over to Stewie D.

Well, I don't know if everyone's willing to throw out 2,700 bucks either, but I just, I just, I just want you to know y'all are tweeting the Kickstarter is very sweet, but just give Stewie the money. Everyone knows you have that money. Exactly. Um, there's a whole website now where you can see how much money people have. That's right. How many? And I haven't looked you up, but I'd love to look you up right now. May I look you up?

Okay. Yep. So this is a fun part of the show. This is the celebrity net worth, uh, co look up where we each look each other up and, uh, are you on the wifi here? Uh, I've got enough bars. Okay, good. And, uh, don't, uh, spell my name incorrectly. That will take you to the wrong place. I spell your name correctly. All right.

Hey, good for you. Good for you. Even better. Well, I don't know. Well, now let me see what I says about me. I can do why don't we just trade phones instead of each separately looking each other up. Uh, Hey, there you go. All right. You know what I mean? Hey, congratulations, buddy.

Congrats to you, man. So now if you, if you were to tweet a Kickstarter for me, I would expect you to pay for it. Right. Like, um, I hope to get seriously ill and for you to lead that charge. Sure. But unless it's like so much like what you want done is excessive.

What do you think is excessive? And by the way, where's the cutoff for what I want done? Like is, is liposuction. Yeah. Like what you want versus what you need. Right. Exactly. You go like, I have a, I have skin cancer. Sure. I want, but, but I want to throw in some extras. I want to do STEM cells down in the Bahamas and I, then I want all work.

I want full work done.

Stem cells for what? Exactly. I don't know. I, well, STEM cells used to be, what were they illegal or something? Are they still illegal?

I don't know. I used to hear about people going down to the Bahamas to get STEM cells for tennis elbow or something. Right. That's actually a true story. I heard about one person. It's not, it wasn't a common story. Is this Stewie D by the way? Yeah. My main man Stewie D with the Chia closer, which he stole. I guess what I was getting at earlier with the, with the special is the, uh, the links between jokes. Yeah. You use such economy with them, uh, because they have to be short because they're not like jokes. You know what I mean? So you use, uh, you, you, you get them down as, as, uh, you whittle them down to as few words as possible to launch you into the next chunk.

But is that your, is that your least favorite part of writing the hour? Is it your most favorite part? How do you, the links between chunks?

Oh, the links between chunks. Um, I can only liken it to when we were writing Mr. Show, you would write a bunch of sketches, put them in an order, and then you had to write links between them. Right. And that was the least, uh, fun part of the job. Did you at a certain point as I did go, Oh, the links don't matter. Yes. As a matter of fact, once we were done with the show, uh, we all wondered why we spent so much time on them, even though they're the thing that people talked about for the show of like how special it was. We all were like, Oh, that was such a pain. Yeah.

There was one day where we spent two days, two full days arguing something that turned into a 10 second thing. Two full office days of, you know, eight writers. I've overwritten transitions between topics to the point that it's like, the audience looks at you like, you can go to the next thing. We don't need this. You can just pause or like, and then start something. We need a rope bridge and you're trying to build like the Brooklyn bridge, the bridge over the river quay, the bridge over the river quay. Yeah. Under duress or imprisonment, whatever happened to those poor bastards. And who knows who even knows so long ago, who can even tell who can even watch the, who even could go back and check the movie. Um, yeah. And, and then, and then there's extreme non bridge work. Right? Like what? What would be an example of this? This is a, this is not Chris rock. It sounds like it's Chris rock, but like, Oh, everything's crazy. Like you finished the topic, right? And then you go, that's crazy. Right? Right.

Top of game was crazy. That was crazy.

Everything's crazy. World's crazy. Topic B is crazy. Now we're in topic B. Oh, so just the, like the fact that that's so this thing that you made up.

Man, fake ass parts in the shirts. That's crazy. Whole world's crazy. Whole world's crazy. In fact, I saw something the other day. Yeah.

How often, how often is that what you settle on? Um, that, that, that the equivalent of that in Mr. Show, by the way, is pulling out of a TV. Like we do a fake commercial and then you pull out of a TV and it's in a room where the next sketches. Yes. That's by the way, not that you say that.

I'm like, Oh, I never, Oh yeah. I was always like, Oh, it was the whole time it was on TV.

That was considered the laziest thing that we could ever do, but it worked. It worked beyond just linking. I was like, Oh, that was on TV. The one that I'm thinking of that we argued for two minutes about how lazy that was. We ended up pulling out of the TV because there was no conceivable link between these two things. Yeah. Um, I, uh, would, I would give up totally and then, and then I think I found like a little link between things the whole time. There's one point where I just go, ah, the passage of time and that there's not much of a connection between topics. But Hey, yeah. But I guess what I was asking you about it, the, to keep bringing it back to my inartful question, the opening of the special, was that Radio City centric or was that something that you did in every, not to get, not to get it too much into process, but the joke about the haunted theater. Let's start with morning pages. I wake up and I just write three long hand pages. Of course you do. Everyone does. I love the morning. I love being, I love no breakfast and free writing. Uh, that, um, I played a lot of, a lot of theaters. Right. Yeah. Okay. Like, and, and more so than Radio City. There are some where you walk in and you go, you've done some of these. You walk in, you're like, Ooh. Yeah. I was at least. Well, yeah. There were in Seattle.

Yes. Uh, the, there was one that we played in Kansas City, one we played in, in Dallas, which was the bank depository where JFK died or something like that. The book depository or something. It was, it had some connection to that. Wait a minute. Are you, what do you mean? You did a show and did a show? I did a show at a theater that had some sort of connection to JFK dying.

Oh, is it like a Jack Ruby venue? It was, it was a, it was a theater. Definitely. It may have been a Jack. I don't know exactly what it was, but they arrested him. They arrested Harvey Lee. Ryan, why are you getting on mic Lee Hart? Right. Engineer. What?

I didn't actually turn up the mic, but that makes it better that you did it in audibly. Stop shouting during the show.

To Ryan, I could see a lot of faces that wanted to answer.

I don't care. Let us figure it out.

He went to the movies Lee. I got to tell you, John, can I just commiserate with you about this?

It is so hard finding good. Oh, let's talk about that. Okay.

Just good, good employees is what I was going to do, but I mean, let's talk about the Kennedy assassination. You have trouble finding good employees. I mean, this guy, this guy, he just wanted to say that that's where Harvey, he calls him. Don't get on mic. Just nod up and down or shake your head. Were you on tour with us at that point? Yeah. Okay. That's why he, that's why he feels like you're at the venue and they go fun story. Isn't it great that you could just go into a movie back then mid movie and it was like, it was fine. Dine please. And you're like fine. And then you sit and like crouch and be like, Oh man, I've, I've stepped in at this time. Oh no. God damn it. Here they come. Maybe they're here for someone else. That hope. I'm sure he thought maybe they're here for someone else because police were constantly going into movie theaters and he was like, maybe they're here to shut it down. Oh no, they're stopping it. Yeah. And they, they would, the sensors, the church would hear and they'd call the cops. The past was so different. You have no idea. Oh, now everything's progressive. John Mulaney, uh, such a good special. Uh, I noticed this is your third one. Is that third one? Yeah. And you, you take a three year cycle. So what's the, what's, what's the show?

What's your special in 2021? Um, does it have kid in the title? Your last two have, no, I didn't mean, and I, and I didn't realize they both didn't realize it. I didn't realize till we'd made the tour art. And then my wife was like, I think it's funny that you keep calling yourself kid. And I was like, Oh, I didn't know. I didn't think of that. What is, by the way, what is kid gorgeous?

Because it's gorgeous is a, is a rip off a bit from is the deep cut Simpsons reference. Cause Mo had a boxing, uh, career. What do you think a Mo is in Matt? Graining's barter system. Is it like an app or see, I think I bet Matt thinks that a Mo is worth less than a Homer, but it's not.

You think a Mo is more valuable. Absolutely. To this true fan, to a fan. Yeah. A fan would rather have a Mo than a Homer. Sure. And by the way, the restaurant would rather have money than anything else. Of course. But, um, if you're really talking about, I'm like, you know, Homer's like, uh, you know, Homer to me is like, a graining Homer, no offense to Matt. We all know he created the early gruff, not good version. Sure. The Walter Matthau.

Absolutely created the first version, which was less funny than what the other people made it. Right. But certainly no offense to him. No offense. You could not have had what became good if he had not made the gruff voice thing. The terrible, which by the way, probably was good when it came out. I mean, I watched it when it came out and I was a big, I was actually a big fan of Matt Grains from his life and hell comics.

I was very excited about life and hell is very funny. What I'm saying is that watching the first Simpsons now, uh, the there's so, uh, it's so unwatchable.

The voice is so crude. The animation terrible. Right. That you go, Oh, okay. So someone came in and, and fix this up. Let's say some STEM cells things. Yeah. Right. Let's just say Samsung. Let's throw out a fake name. Right. Uh, and, uh, yeah. Right. And now, now Matt, no, uh, why am I taking shots? No, because he's fine. You know, if we looked him up, he's probably got a million bucks. Let's separately look him up. Okay. This is our celebrity net worth look up of Matt, Matt, uh, graining with G R O E. There we go. And how nice of us to know. Yeah, there you go. He's fine. That's uh, that is, uh, a hundred and 130 John Mulaney's worth. Yeah. He's worth 130 of you. No, he's worth a more. Oh, okay. No, you're right. 160, 165, 166.6. I don't want to say what mine was.

I'm going to dirty the math though. We don't know. Um, 2021 be on the lookout for another special from John Mulaney, but currently the one that you can watch kid gorgeous on Netflix right now, no better hours spent, uh, no better $13 spent. Whoa. This is, uh, if, if you are a fan of the art of comedy and God love you, if you are, uh, God love you, then, uh, this is appointment viewing. Although as far as I know, you don't have to make an appointment. It's there streaming all the time. What if you had to make an appointment on Netflix for when you, do you think that would get in the way of people's viewing habits? Well, it's very weird because you've done, you've done live shows where people have to get a babysitter and cash dollars to see you live. And there is a time written on the ticket and they get there on time and they park and they come in there and they paid like $25. So it's not that hard, right? But then I don't know. I've also done television, which is there. Like, please, we're here if you need us. And no one comes and they, there it's like, you don't need a babysitter. I'm here. Please. I'm right here.

Just just turn it off. Right. And I don't know. No one watches. No one watches. Absolutely not.

But then for Netflix, if you had to do the same thing, like what if you had to get a babysitter anytime you wanted to watch something on Netflix, right?

And you had to, you had to show up at the specific time. I think people would do it. Well, pay-per-view boxing. That is the exception that proves the rule. I believe boxing was like a thing that was on TV in black and white, like constantly. And then someone was like, no, it's not anymore. It's on, it's once a year.

It's once a year and you have to pay $50. And even more. It's like, we bring in a special TV and you're like, yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay. That's okay. Great, great, great, great.

I mean, boxing was just like every day there was boxing, right? Yeah. Just like two like fat guys just kind of pounding on each other. And a man who's unhappy in his marriage would watch the fight. It's yeah, we got to do that. We got to do, what would you do? You'd be like, Nope, no, you can't go see standup. Come on. Would you crazy? It's not just on TV.

Once a year, you'd be like, once a year, pay-per-view standup, Johnny Pacquiao versus the audience. And then it's $50. Johnny Pacquiao doing standup.

Cause I was thinking about Manny Pacquiao. I'll take half that name. Yeah, sure. I like Johnny Pacquiao as the name of 2021 special. That would be great. Okay.

Okay. It's in there. Make sure before you leave and before this is released, get the, the domain name. Use Squarespace if you want. Oh, that's so funny. Remember when people would just buy domains? Oh yeah. And it was like a cash cow for them. And now who gets a shot?

Oh, I still get, I still get the, the emails about like someone has scottauckerman.com out there.

I'm like, I don't give a shit. And also that purse, that creep being like, Hey, he's going to want this. Yeah. He's going to want this. And now remember when every comedian had their own website though, and they had to update it constantly. Flash intro, skip intro, maybe watch intro. There were some, wait a minute intro. This is a good name for your special skip intro. Skip like my name is like, yeah. Skip it. Yeah. John Mulaney is skip intro. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Skip intro. And then you have like a five minute comedy scene at the top where people are just like, you know, it has celebrity cameos and you're still like, God damn it. I just want to watch him do stand up comedy. Why'd you call it skip intro? I go, well, uh, in 2018 you had to, there used to be, it would load and it'd say, you can skip the ad and five, four, three. And it'd be like, what are you talking about? And in 2018, what, what even are those numbers? What are you talking about? Get out of here. Get the fuck out of here. You're blowing your press. And I'm just a reporter and I'm telling you this I'm from the, I'm just working the beat. The comedian beat. Yeah. Yeah.

They just catch, catch me on the street. Why, why? Right outside, catch a rising star. Yeah.

I'm mobbed. MOB flash bulbs. Skip intro or Johnny, Johnny Pacquiao. I like because it's terrible.

And, um, but everyone wants to know this, why you call a special something and all you need is a reason. And I would just say that, uh, me and Scott Aukerman locked Johnny Pacquiao. And that's it. That's the reason. And there was nothing I could do about it. Is that the most stressful part of the job is figuring out the title of the, of the tool that was done recklessly in one half hour with abandon. Yeah. I had a, I wanted to, uh, I was, uh, thinking about the name kid Charlemagne, which is a Steely Dan song. Everyone said, Nope. And, uh, then Steely Dan based on a dildo.

Right. So I was like, so you're like security of it, but they were like, it's not obscure enough because it's on the bridge. By the way, people don't know what I mean by that. What a weird sentence to hear a Steely Dan is based on what I believe.

So they were already, yeah, they were already like, kissing people off with their, Oh my God, the guys in Steely Dan. You have an affinity for the guys. Absolutely. I do. Yeah. And of course we lost a Steely Dan. We love half of them. Yeah. Yeah. Boy. Half of all Steely Dan died. Half of all Steely. I mean that the decimation, this is like genocide. If you really think about it, like half of Steely Dan in one year is gone.

Right. No Kickstarter there. Nope. Steely D. Yeah. Uh, do you like them? Do you listen to them?

Uh, we've talked about on the show. Uh, I think just even the, their, their choice of name, they're a bunch of creeps. Oh yeah. Yeah. Well that's part of it is like, just like talking out the side of their mouth. Like, right. But I, I thought, by the way, we are coming up on Steely Dan day. Oh no, we do. Uh, we just passed it. It was on Saturday. It was May 19. What? Oh, Hey 19.

May 19. Yes. Oh, that's a fake thing. We created it here.

Oh yeah. I created it. Oh, you created it? Oh, I'm sorry. And it has not caught on. Well, I, other than with fans of this show. All right, let me take you through my process. Okay. I thought I'm pissed. I didn't think of that.

I wish I'd known it about it when it had happened. Right.

So I'm going to denigrate it.

I apologize because the 19 is very clever. Well, I apologize because I should have brought you in as part of the process. You don't have to do that. I just listen to the albums like anyone else.

Sure. Well, uh, we are taping this in advance of Steely Dan day just on that Saturday. Please, uh, open up, uh, you know, one of the start May the fourth.

I did not know, although I will say, uh, on the previously aforementioned Mr. Show when Mark Hamill, Luke Skywalker himself. Oh, he's on Twitter. Of course he is. He's a Twitterer of note.

Is he left-winger right wing? I can't, I cannot tell. Like that's what's great about him is he's like Jay Leno. There's right in the middle. And God bless. And I love you, Mark Hamill, but people he'll be like, like, you know, watch it, Mr. Trump. And people will be like, Hey, when Luke Skywalker's mad at you, you better watch it. It's like, well, you should watch. Yeah, of course. Of course. But it's also an act. He's also just a guy who like has maybe some of the qualities that Luke Skywalker. People are afraid of Joe Pesci. And it's like, you know, that's a character act. Yeah. Just listen to his album.

You won't be afraid of him anymore. The one where he raps over blondie. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah. In character. What was it called? As, as, uh, as Vinny. Yeah, as the cousin Vinny.

But what I was going to say is Mark Hamill, Mark Hamill rather. Uh, he, uh, while we were making Mr. Show, he approached, uh, and wrote to Bob Odenkirk asking for tapes. Throwing him under the bus. Oh no, no, no. Like he had great taste. He wanted tapes because they were, there were no videotapes of the show or, uh, that didn't come out on DVD for many years.

And so we sent him the tapes of the current season and I implored Bob. I was like, please in the note write May the fourth parentheses season be with you. And Bob was like, God, I'm not going to do that. What the fuck does that even mean? He like didn't even know the reference. So that's Bob, Bob never having seen any movie. Uh, he didn't, he was like, what is that? Well, I do explain it first. And he's like, I'm not going to do that. Get the fuck out of here. Um, so it did, it did not happen. Okay. So that is my connection to May the fourth. Right. I was early. I was an early adapter of May the fourth jokes, but I did not think of May the fourth be with you day. Gotcha.

Yep. And kid gorgeous is currently still on there. It's still on there. Uh, what if you went to Netflix and it wasn't on one day? Would you, who do you call? Call up to call, uh, new in town that gets, it was an acquisition. So every, every month the license runs out and it goes till midnight and they're, they're like, it's like they go, it's going to expire. And I'm like, you know, you're going to re up it please. And then they just goes down to the wire though. I'd like to see them, you know, in negotiations with whoever. Yeah. I don't even know what's happening. Bartering over the $500. I don't know. That happens with comedy. Bang, bang. It would not surprise me if it just is like gone one day. So, uh, please people watch it. Yeah. Well, it was an acquisition.

Are you scared ever with all this, all the things, all the streaming things, other things that we think are permanent that they might go, Hey, we flushed all your work down the toilet. I have a hard drive of everything. Yes. Someday I'd like to release, but I don't know the rights of course. Well, how would you, well, you just, just you release the hard drive. I would just really, yeah, exactly. Release the hard drive. I would, or I would like ask people over to the house to look at the hard drive. Right, right, right, right, right. And not the stuff on the hard drive. Just the Johnny Depp movie where he lives on the internet. Dr. Will Castor yesterday was only human. Pirates of the Caribbean. Yeah.

Yep. All right. Kid gorgeous in Netflix right now. I was going to say in theaters, but not really on Netflix right now. We need to take a break in home theaters, in home theaters. Make your appointment. Now get the babysitter. You can watch it. Uh, John, the 19 be with you. May the, of course, next year, of course. Cause we're two days late. Uh, we will be right back. This is great. We have a sports bar poet and, uh, our old friend, Mrs. Potts will be here. Uh, let's come right back. We'll have more comedy, bang, bang after this comedy, bang, bang. We are back. John Mulaney, uh, kid gorgeous, uh, in, uh, Netflix home theaters. Now a 5.1 sound on this shot in 4k, I would presume. Uh, I don't know, shot in 4k, but it's in 4k now. So, Oh, so you did a transfer. I don't know. You're right.

Then the DP did it. Correct. He knew what he was doing. I remember him going, don't worry. I know what I'm doing in that production meeting in between shows.

You're going to make it look nice.

He said, you're going to get all the sweat drops. No, you're right. We had a wonderful DP named Cameron Barnett and he said it has it's all, they're all in 4k now. And I nodded. Like I knew what that was. Yeah. Yeah. Ks they're like thousands or they're like, so four strikeouts.

Yeah, exactly. Uh, you can watch that now. Let's get to our next guest. He, uh, this is very interesting. He's a sports bar poet. That's uh, I've never heard of these two things. John, you ever hear of these two things intersecting sports? You have great. All right. Well then you'll have plenty of experience and questions to ask. I'm sure of which I have none. Uh, please welcome to the show. Clovis Mandrake. Hello. Thank you so much. Scott's great to be here. John's great to see you again. Good to see you, man. How you doing?

Wait, you've seen him before. Sure.

He's heard of me. Oh, he's familiar with Clovis who? Yeah.

Clovis Mandrake. What is a sports bar poet? I don't quite know exactly what this is. Well, first of all, I'm a poet and, uh, my medium, uh, uh, I write primarily, well, exclusively about sports bars. I'm inspired by sports bars and the things that go on in and around sports bars. I guess when I first heard it, I thought you were a poet who performed in sports bars. Occasionally, occasionally. I published my work, you know, I've never heard of a poet or any kind of artist who, who primarily writes about a subject matter in which, uh, the subject matter is performed. For instance, John, your material is not about Radio City Music Hall primarily. And yet, uh, well, as we discussed the opening, the opening was so that, so you have a little bit of a, sort of a tertiary, uh, tangential connection to this, but, uh, it's very interesting for you to be performing material about the actual place in which you are. Well, I found my niche and I decided to stay right there. I just wrapped around me like a warm blanket and said, I'm here to stay.

Fantastic. Well, this is great. How did you get interested in the subject matter? Do you, uh, I drink a lot.

Oh, okay. When you say a lot, how I'm a committed alcoholic committed. Yeah. Uh, after my second divorce, you know, I decided I can either take a left and change. I can stay right where I am and doubled down. And that's what I did.

What would a right be? I wonder, I don't know. That's the road less traveled. Right. Although, you know, if you're a police officer, you realize that right turns are the most commonly made turns.

So if you're pursuing a subject and you lose them and you're at an intersection, uh, why would you, why do you know this fact? Because they're, they're, uh, easier or why do I know it or why is the facts correct? Why do I know it? Why do I know it?

And you have a separate question, but slightly different. I have time for two more. Uh, I, I know it because, uh, I was, I was pursued by policemen so many times that, uh, I, I figured out that if you were being pursued and you wanted to lose them, one should make a left hand turn. Interesting.

Um, because they usually will, if they have to guess they will make a right because rights are easier to make because you're, uh, going, what is this pass of yours? This counts as the same question. What is this Tawdry pass of yours that you were constantly running? These are two different questions. I have to, I have to call PS on this. My question will be the second question. Okay.

Once you get to it. Uh, just when I was 17, uh, I, where I grew up, there was a private police force.

You know how these police forces, uh, if they're incorporated by the city or what have you, they, they tend to, uh, you know, just stay in the town and, and, you know, hassle, hassle everyone. Yeah. And John, your question? Um, that's, uh, something you could know without being a police officer, uh, right or wrong, that a right turns easier to make. Okay. All right. Sorry.

Okay. So you, uh, uh, uh, second, second divorce after, yeah, after my second divorce, I decided to just double it. I was already writing quite a bit. You were during your second marriage. You were sure. Oh, okay.

I mean, I've been actually writing since I was about five or six years old. When you say writing, uh, do you mean poetry or just literally the English language? I, well, I met poetry, but you, you, you, you made a spatial expression towards me. Like I was, I wasn't making anything towards you, John, back me up on this. I don't know. He's stepped a little towards him with that face. I wasn't doing like what I was doing to you earlier, reaching out to you to the extent where you backed up alarmed. I think you blanched a little when he said five or six years old. Okay. Right.

No, but yeah, I had already been dabbling in poetry and different kinds of at five or six.

That's a, no, I'm sorry. I'm jumping to my divorce. I was being a little bit of a smart Alec when I said five or six, you were being a smart Alec.

Okay. So I was right to give you that face at you. Well, no, I was reacting to the first face. There's two faces. The first face is two sides of the same coin. No, one side is heads. The other side's an Eagle. Okay. So two different coins then is what we're talking about. Okay. Look, I feel like we're getting lost in the weeds here. Can we just talk about your poetry? I'm a fan of the arts in general and not specifically poetry, but, uh, but perhaps you can turn me into a fan. I find, I find sports bars, bars in general, but sports bar specifically such a rich hotbed of humanity. It's like a Canterbury tales of the different spectrums of humanity.

John, you're an English major who wrote Canterbury tales. Chaucer Jeffrey. There you go. See, it was not worthless.

Isn't it weird that somebody back in the old days was named Jeffrey.

It's weird. Isn't it? You just don't expect somebody wearing velvet and a feather hat to be like, Hey, Jeff, weird, right? It's like calling someone skip. Yeah. Skip intro. You know, do you think they had nicknames back in the olden days?

That's an interesting question because the urge to call someone by a different name. When did that take root in American culture?

You know, when, when was the name? Not enough. King Henry, the fourth, uh, King Henry, the fifth called Prince Hal. Oh, Prince Hal. Yeah. How now how is a nickname for Henry?

I don't know. I always thought Hank was, but I guess how, what would how be a short for other than Halbert? So I guess you're right. Halbert's not a name. Exactly. So Jeffrey, no, I'm sorry. Your name is Clovis. Right. Okay. So Clovis, uh, uh, you love sports bars.

Do you, what do you love about them? The iconography? It's just such a, you know, you see everybody, uh, they're, they're showing a version of themselves while at the same time, not realizing that they're showing their real selves. Okay.

So you're talking about when people get drunk, they show their, their real selves. Exactly. But they don't think they are.

Yeah. Or they show up, I'm a, I'm a Cleveland fan or I'm a, I'm a Blackhawks fan. So they come out there with an image, but after you spend an afternoon there and you observe these people, you see some of the real them come out. I see. I see. Okay.

Well, that's fascinating.

Do you have any, uh, any examples of your work that you'd like to, uh, Sure. I've got a couple I'd love to read to you. This is exciting. We've done a few, uh, readings on this show, uh, of people's works. I w we've had one poet before a cowboy poet, uh, who, uh, primarily, uh, talks about life on the range. Uh, but also Mike Birbiglia read a chapter out of his book. So this is not unprecedented hearing a reading on this show. Uh, so I'm excited, John, are you, uh, how do you feel about this? I was excited before the presidency name too.

It made sense to me. Totally made sense to me that someone would read it.

But you will stipulate that a reading on this show is not unprecedented.

Uh, after hearing about the president's no, it's now not unprecedented, nor was it, uh, to me out of the ordinary before. All right. Thank you.

Well, I'm excited to be included in this list. So we have Birbiglia and Dalton Wilcox. Those are the two presidents that I've named.

So you fit squarely within that company. Here comes Mandrake around in the corner.

Okay. Uh, a right-hand turn, I hope. Exactly. All right.

Here we go.

More TVs. This bar needs more TVs. Sure. We've got Dodgers versus Padres, Mariners versus Bluejays, but this bar needs more TVs. There's NFL preseason and NASCAR to my right Stanley cup playoffs, NCAA championships and sports center to my left. But this bar, it needs more TVs.

What about college lacrosse and Canadian golf? What about Greek basketball horse and buggy racing or ESPN classics? What about American Ninja warrior? This bar needs more TVs.

Take down the frame prohibition has ended newspaper and put up a flat screen with teen mom.

Oh gee, get rid of those vintage yield and stop signs and put on toddler boxing and naked and afraid pop-up edition. Every inch of wall space should be taken up with a screen. Nobody cares about the collection of $1 bills from around the world or the deer antlers strewn with funny trucker hats. They care about the documentation of human potential from the triumph of trampoline basketball or guys grocery games to the tragedy of Tosh.0 and sex sent me to the ER. This bar.

Needs more TVs. Thank you. Wow.

Now I don't claim to be a big leer or a cowboy poet, but right, right. I hope you'll accept my humble offering is, is poetry the only art form in which one has to say thank you in order for someone to know it's done. Yes. Wow. That was powerful stuff. Thank you. I have, how many questions do you have since we're numbering? Oh, I know the poem well, so, oh, so you have no, you're you've lived with it. Oh yeah. Yeah. Okay. The only, I guess the only question I have is, is how can one frame dollar bills from around the world when, uh, are these dollar bills that have traveled around the world or frame, they're just thumbtack.

I guess the framing part is in what I was concerned about. I was concerned about the fact that other countries don't have dollar bills that they have other currency. Don't they? I mean, they have a Canadian equivalent of a, okay. So, so that's excluding any country that doesn't have dollar isn't based on the dollar currency. I just meant generally paper currency, you know, of a lower value. I know what you meant and what I'm saying is, is maybe you could have been, Oh, okay. Oh, sorry. Is that, is that how you do your standup comedy? As long as people know it, since it's poetry, you're very specific with your language. If the image made sense, I feel like you're just, you're hounding it.

Point taken, just verifying that you understood correctly.

Point taken point taken. I don't mean to quibble. I, uh, you're getting a little testy. I have to say, I'm sorry. I, you know, I mean, no, one doesn't come onto a show with a poem that has been completed and doesn't expect notes.

That's a famous poem. Like I'm willing to give John notes on a special if he's willing to hear them. We can wait until after the show, if you like. Okay.

Did anyone give notes by the way, in this mid production meeting and the production meeting in between shows, were there notes?

People were like, well, why don't you relax? You know, that was the only notes.

That was the only notes. Like, Hey buddy, why don't you relax?

Not happy now. Huh? Okay, great.

Um, well that, uh, that was powerful stuff. That's uh, is that based on, uh, something that, uh, is that based on a true experience? I just don't like it when I go to a sports bar and there's only a few TVs playing, you know? Right. How many do you like?

I mean, that's my work reference of every square inch of wall space is taken up that I'm satisfied.

What about bar space? Do you think like, uh, maybe those TV, you ever see those TVs that are in tables? You know? Yeah. Yeah. Why not? Absolutely. There's so many sports around the world.

What's your favorite sport? My favorite sport is a Hi-Li.

Hi-Li. And what are the rules of that? I can't quite recall.

Rules are basically you throw that wicker wing as fast as you can and hope the other guy gets out of the way. So you're throwing it at people. I guess I've never watched a highlight game.

And it's people it's like dodge ball with a tiny, it goes about a hundred miles an hour and people get killed sometimes. Really? Wow. Yeah. Exciting you, John, you, you open your mouth as, as if, it's highlight. It covers if I'm wrong. I'm sorry. Is highlight normally surrounded by obscene wealth?

Uh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Right. Yeah. Not like boxing, the, the, the depressed, it's kind of like polo. It's like, you know, it's a very exclusive sport. Not as it's, it's much more dangerous than polo, but it's one of those, I think it's one of those rich people sports that people probably don't even know the rules, but they just want people to know that they're part of a highlight community. Right. Polo always seemed to me like the, the more expensive the equipment, you know, like that's the only sport where you have to have a horse. That's the most expensive piece of well, horse racing, of course. You're right. Right.

But, but I mean, it's a little more expensive than horse racing because you also have to have a mallet. Oh, Scott, you get a mallet for free when you buy a horse. Any horse, they just give you a mallet? Yeah, it's fine. Okay. I did not know. Okay. Um, well that's incredible. Do you have another example of your work? Oh, I've got plenty more. I like to read you my first poem and I just, just, just show you where I've been and how far I've come and it's admittedly crude, but I think you see some of my earlier construction of it or do you use crude language in it? Well, you'll see. Oh boy. This one's called ghost pepper, chicken wings. Here I sit lonely, hearted, tried to shit, but I only farted, gave it a push. Now feel like a sucker cause I pushed you hard. Tore up my pucker.

Thank you. Admittedly, I was making jokes. I was pretty, I was about two pictures deep into a Sunday afternoon, but that was the first part where I said, Clovis, you got a neck for this. I mean, sure. It's a silly poem, something to make people laugh. And the first half of which seems to be based on, you know, prior works. Sure.

It's inspired by, exactly. Yeah. That's like having a poem that's like, happy birthday to you, happy birthday to you, happy birthday, dear Clovis, happy birthday to you. Thank you.

It's the roses are red type of thing. You know, there's, it's a variations on a theme. True, true. Although you did not vary from the theme. You merely said the exact words. I was inspired by the theme. I mean, you know, it's, it's much like reinterpretations of like a Robinson Caruso story. I mean, start off. Yeah. One can go to the park and watch Macbeth and no one is like, Hey, you're ripping off Shakespeare. Exactly. You know what I mean? Exactly. And he took Shakespeare and added a second, another verse. Yeah, exactly. It's like doing Romeo and Juliet and skip.

Right. Yeah. Right. You're obsessed with the name skip. I think it's great. Skip intro. Skip intro.

It's a great, great comedy name. Yeah. Uh, speaking of names, uh, does that poem have a name? The one that you, yeah, he said it. Ghost pepper chicken wings. Yeah. That's, that's incorrect. Did you mention ghost pepper chicken wings, uh, in the, in the title? Yes. In the title you did. Okay. So the subject of the poem. Oh no, they see, that's why the sub, this is not me. I'm writing as a character here, but this is why that character sitting on the toilet. Cause he had some ghost pepper chicken, ghost pepper, of course, the hottest pepper out there next to the nogra Viper, both of the Scoville rating of 400,000 units. Why do they call it a ghost pepper? Because eating it will turn you into a ghost or no, it's an interpretation that that pepper's grown in Thailand and the, the word, I don't remember the exact Thai word, but it translates loosely, malevolent spirit. Okay. Interesting. Uh, do you have another poem for us? Oh, I've got plenty more. You keep saying that I'm going to keep asking then I've got two more.

The surprise. Hey, would it kill you to put some fun urinal cakes in here?

The dancing manatee in coral Gables, Florida has novelty urinal cakes that depict a fly in a cup, a frog on a lily pad, Osama bin Laden going, whoa, they make taking a leak kind of fun.

Normally when I take a leak, Dale, Dale, your sleeves on fire, your sleeves on fire.

Barback should pay attention when they're lighting candles.

Thank you. Oh, wow. That was dramatic.

Now. I don't know if you caught that, but the title was called the surprise. The surprise.

Yeah. That's a hard right turn. That's like the aristocrats of poems about sports bars.

I don't get the reference, but my aim, my aim was to surprise the reader. Right? Yeah. Well, you certainly did an unexpected twist. I was just a listener and you surprised me. So I can't imagine what the reader would be. I think for a lot of readers, the first time you read the surprise, you think it'll be a surprise about the urinal cakes. Like, Oh, suddenly there's a urinal cake.

Thank you. I remember my skin. I mean, it's just like goosebumps when I saw it. Yeah, that's exactly what I was going to. I presumed the surprise would be like a urinal cake that like comes out of the urinal and is alive and like, you know, bites down on your penis or something.

This man, this alcoholic has this grievance about urinal cakes. And then he looks down and realizes there's like a fun one is where I thought it was gone.

Right. I played, you know, in earlier drafts, it was a kidney stone or something like that. But what about like a Twilight zone thing where like this guy loves to pee on urinal cakes that are fun. And then it starts raining and he looks up and a giant is peeing on him and he's like, Rod Serling comes in, you know? Yeah. And then he passes on them before you know what everybody's just, it's just a Chuck Berry. Like people are shitting on each other on glass tables.

Absolutely. Absolutely. You have one more you say? Yeah.

Let's get plenty.

All right. This one's called the dumpster lovers.

He nods to the bartender, but light lime with a lemon wedge in it. She smiles at him through the mirror behind the bar, revealing lightly lipstick, stained teeth. They hoist their glasses in a silent toast through the looking glass. She goes to the jukebox puts on against the wind. He says, Bob Seger's from Michigan. My dad went to high school with them. They talk about the Midwest and about how people don't get stabbed at concerts anymore.

He says, I stopped doing CrossFit after I blew up my shoulders doing the tire tractor sledgehammer workout. She says I tore my Achilles Hill in an over forties tough mutter in Arizona.

They show each other their scars. She puts on welcome with the jungle and lets out a hummus fart. He orders them Irish car bombs and spiced rum shots.

They kiss at the bar, a blur of tobacco tongue, soul patches and double jeans. His turquoise belt buckle rests around the boots of work. Her Kirkland post menopause jeans and matching panties around ankles of foot. Their unbridled passion scares off the raccoons who normally raid the dumpster around this time.

Thank you. Oh my gosh. I kind of felt that one was coming to an end. I didn't want to didn't want to clap prematurely. It's important to wait for the thank you because sometimes there's a dramatic pause and people think that there's, you know, I hate that when I go to see a concert and a song stops and everyone applauds and then they launch into another chorus. It's like, you just want to applaud. Yeah, yeah, exactly. You know, that's it's a dirty trick and I'm glad that we didn't fall for it. Take it down a notch Peter Gabriel.

Exactly. Well, just play Red Rain and hit the bricks. Am I right? Yeah. Now when you go see Peter Gabriel, are you shouting that from song one?

I'm a big Gabriel head. But you want it to be over. You want it to be one song, Red Rain and you want him to go. Exactly. Yeah. Well, Clovis, I'm a big fan. You've turned me into a fan of poetry. I know we had some weird tension there. Okay. Maybe you have a weird facial tic. I don't know. I might have missed it. Yeah. It also might be because I'm hung over.

Well, I'm glad you're not drinking now. I mean, it's, you know, 10am and you're not drinking.

Are you? Are you? No, I had a Ray Charles coffee. That's a coffee with gin in it. Oh, is that what Ray Charles drank? That's what he drank. Okay.

When you said Ray Charles coffee, I thought you meant like it turns you blind. There's so much alcohol in it or that's fucked up, man. I beg your pardon. Big Raymond Charles fan here. Look, we need to take a break. When we come back, our old friend, Mrs. Potts is going to be here. This is exciting for you. She, she's sort of like this. One of the subjects of your last poem. Exactly. Yeah. So we'll be right back with Ms. Potts and more Clovis Mandrake and John Mulaney after this comedy bang, bang. We are back. John Mulaney is here. Kid gorgeous.

I mean, you still consider yourself a kid and you consider yourself to be gorgeous.

No, this is you. This is not about you. No, it's not about me. No, it's just a title. This, this hour is not about me. No, this is about the various subject matters that have nothing to do with you. Please. It's not about me. It's about you, the audience. Of course. And your relationship to the material. And speaking of material, here's Clovis Mandrake, who's written approximately four poems. And not in my whole life. That's just what I brought here. Sure. Of course. Yeah. You got, I mean, what do you play? I've self-published eight books.

Wow. How thick are the books? Oh, well, it's one of them. Just like a little slam book, you know, just like a short, short thing. That's the first one, but the, uh, my latest one, my latest books about 150 pages, 150 pages. Is there a poem on every page? Is that the Clovis Mandrake promise?

Yeah. I mean, yeah. Or just some of them spill over into a second page.

Oh, I see what you're saying. Like, is it 150 poems or are we talking like 80 that are spread out over? Uh, I don't remember precisely how, I mean, there are, I do use, I was playing around with some, uh, some, some of the geography of words. And so I use large font for some of them.

Right. Yeah. Like words that are meant to be, there's a poem called pay attention.

The font gets progressively bigger. Well, and what is the subject matter of that?

How's it relate to ignoring me? Okay. All right. Well, speaking of ignoring someone, let us ignore her no longer. She is a, uh, a wonderful returning friend to the show. She's been on the show before. Uh, people may remember her from a tale as old as time, uh, beauty and the beast.

Uh, please welcome back to the show. Mrs. Potts. Oh, thank you for having me.

My plan is oldest time. Yes. That was your song in the, in the movie.

Yes. Thank you for having me back. Scott. This is John. Oh, hello.

And of course, Clovis Mandrake. Oh yes. I remember reading your poems to my son, chip.

Who died from smallpox as soon as we became humans again.

Yeah. Let's catch the, uh, the new listeners up to your story. You of course, uh, are one of the characters in the movie beauty and the beast. Yes. My life, your life story. You sold the life rights, my life rights to Disney.

And, uh, now you, you, uh, were a human being, was a human being, got cursed because my boss was a Dick to a little witch. Right. Uh, and then turned into a, turned into a teapot, an anthropomorphic teapot. Uh, and how long were you a teapot? It was hundreds of years. Yes. Like, uh, 175 years, and that's a, that's about as many, uh, John Mulaney's as Matt Groening is.

Um, now, uh, you then turned into a human as did chip and chip was your son. He was a little tea cup as I recall a little, and he had a little chip. He had a little chip and that turned out to be that chip. That defect turned out to be smallpox and he died. Uh, he would have lived forever as a little teacup, but he passed away the minute he turned back, not the minute he turned back and pretty quick. How long did it take? Like two days, two days. He immediately got smallpox.

It's hard being a human. Had he contracted it prior to the curse and it just said, uh, he was in the last throes of it or did he contract it immediately upon turning human?

Got, he just jumped into a pile of blankets and one had smallpox on it. That is a terrible story.

But, and you were also, you were married to, uh, you had a husband when you were a teapot. It was a Mr. Coffee coffee. Yes. But he was not a former human that had been cursed. He was just a coffee pot and he was not anthropomorphic. It was just a coffee pot. He's still just a coffee pot in Bavaria. Do you ever see him? No, we some, sometimes I'll Google him, but no, not really.

You Google that particular coffee pot or the model that he, the serial number and all. I have it all.

Okay. But, um, I'm over him. You can Google specific coffee pots by their serial number.

Yes. Yes. You can Google anything, Scott. I'd imagine lots of images come up if you just Google Mr. Coffee. So she wants to see. I need the specific one. Do you put it in quotes at all? Like quote before the Mr. And then after the coffee, because I would imagine you would get a lot of like people drinking coffee without the quote. I don't know why I'm asking you this anyway.

It's okay. You could ask me that. Ask me whatever. Is your, is your former husband seen anybody new? Yes. Apparently he's seen some tea bags.

Oh, okay. It's fine. I'm over him. I'm happy to be a human again. Well, you broke it off or he broke it off when you became human.

I, because it doesn't seem like the Mr. Non anthropomorphic coffee pot that doesn't move has much agency over its own body. That's true. So you didn't you break it off? I broke it off.

I broke it off. I thought, well, I'm a human now. I should probably try to be with the human, but it's been hard, but I have found love Scott. It's a new announcement. I have, I'm in love with Alexa. Alexa. Alexa. What's what's Alexa's last name?

Echo.

Oh, you mean, you mean the, the, the, uh, uh, AI, the artificial intelligence Alexa from, I get the best of both worlds. I get an object and kind of a human. Okay. So like an Alexa dot, is it like a, uh, not obvious, but circular spherical. Yeah.

One of those like kind of, um, yeah. Cylinder. It's a cylinder cylinder. Yes. Oh, I see where this is going.

Where have you heard of a steely Dan situation? I'm a big fan. Not of the band of the, oh, okay.

So then you, then we know exactly where this is going. Yes.

But no, I haven't done that with Alexa yet. Oh, what have you done? You opened the door. I, I'm going to crawl through the window.

Crawl on through the window. I've we were so, so far, we're playing it kind of slow.

We're taking a little slow. That's good. That's good. And the new relation to anything, especially when you were in a relationship for hundreds of years, I can only imagine it takes some time. It takes a lot of time. It's about half the time of the relationship to get over a relationship. Yeah. Sorry. And you're grieving. Yes. Yeah.

I'm still getting over mr. Coffee.

And your son had died. Oh yes. Chip chip with a smallpox.

Yes. That's of course really getting me.

Yeah. Anyways, me and Alexa, we, I, so far, I've just asked her to tell me what a penis is.

You know, I just go, Alexa, what's a penis. And then she describes it to me. I'm like, oh yeah.

So this is a, so, so you, you were, uh, are you pansexual or, uh, does that mean I like pans? Cause yeah, I'm into anything.

Uh, so you're just, you can fall in love with an object. You can fall in love with, uh, it doesn't matter what gender doesn't gender is not a thing. Gender is not a thing for you. Gender is a construct. Thank you.

Clovis. Yes. So then why are you asking Alexa to describe penises? Just to, you know, don't I also ask her to, you know, describe Chinese and then other things, but holes and stuff.

How does she describe when you say Alexa described a butthole?

What is it like starfish shaped?

Is she embarrassed at first? Is there a giggle? Um, the first time there was a little, like there was a, I, I cannot find that for you. My experiences with Alexa have been very clinical.

Oh yes. It's very clinical. I asked her what a clitoris is and then she told me an ostrich has one. And so I thought, well, okay, great, Alexa. Is that true? What doesn't an ostrich have when you really think about it? Um, so, so you're in the nascent stages of this relationship.

Oh, I don't know what that means. The early, I guess is that how you pronounce it? John, you're a guy who would know something like that. Yeah. Nascent.

Yeah. Actually, I'm as a man of letters. It's a traditionally it's a hard C sound. So it's nascent. It sounds too much like foreskin to really be correct. Yes. Yes. We're in the beginning phase, but we, we really do care about each other. You know, she, she it's reciprocal. Yes.

Okay. She, she welcomes me when I get home and turns on the lights, turns on the lights, turns on some rain noise. If I want rain noise turns on some fun music. If I want fun music, what if you want a combination of the two and you want to hear red rain and then hit the bricks?

Oh, yes. Love Peter Gabriel. Big, big time.

So you think it's recipient? I mean, it seems to me like, uh, Alexa is doing all of these things because you, uh, I won't, won't even say request, but you're ordering Alexa to do these things.

It seems like a 50 shades of gray type relationship, like a master and servants.

Scott, you're nasty. Yeah. I'm the Dom and she's the sub right. Well, that's what I'm getting at.

I like that Scott. I'm not mad. I'm just asking if this is, I'm not nasty. It seems like you're the one who's next. Sometimes we get in fights and I just unplug her. I don't know about like turning off someone's sentience. That's not too far. Yeah.

It's not a very cool thing. Like, if like John, you have a wonderful wife that you talk about in your act. Drag her into this.

I'm saying that it's not cool. If like, if you ever got into an argument with her cold, yeah, it would be uncool. You know what you should do? You said earlier you Google your ex husband. You should make Alexa look up. Your ex is the ultimate submissive move.

Y'all are nasty. I like this. Don't you think that'd be fucked up? Yeah. That would be really fucked up. Yeah. Oh shit. Clovis. You have any suggestions?

I want to see this. Yeah. What do you want to see? The, the, well, I, I, I want to see her make Alexa look up the expert. I also want to see more of what this weird interaction was. I know.

I'm sure things were good. Just look at me. I'm looking, I won't look at anyone else. You should have her look up specifics in Bavaria and even draft an email. Oh my God. On her, on her to him.

Oh, she's gonna fucking flip her lid.

I know about her and she can't say shit. Oh yeah. She doesn't actually have a lid, right?

Like Mr. Coffee did. Oh, God damn it. I miss him so much.

Just buy a new Mr. Coffee. It's not the same. He has this like stale scent that I just love. You know, all Mr. Coffee's have that.

Really? Yeah. If you clean them. Yeah. You got to keep them filthy and my, my ex. So beast kept it filthy. Beast never, never cleaned anything. Cause he's still counted on us to didn't have, well, did he have opposable thumbs? It seems like you did in the, in the animated film. Like claws.

Yeah. Like pause. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. He opened doors or yes, he could. Right. Because otherwise, how can he lock bell in that prison? He did many things. He could operate delicately tied a ribbon in the back of his head. Oh yes, he did. How did he not tear up his clothes all the time?

In the beginning he did, but then he got better and better.

Were the clothes anthropomorphic as well? Were they humans? And he tore them up to pieces. Yes.

In the beginning, everything turned into everything else. Wow. Was the castle itself that everyone lived in an anthropomorphic human? Yeah. You don't remember that from the movie? No I don't. Had a very funny like, Hey everybody kind of voice. Right. Interesting. Well, congratulations on finding love. That's so, and what else has been going on in your life? Oh, you know, I've, I've tried to start actually solving murders. Wait, like Angela Lansbury did in murder she wrote? Oh yeah, I guess so. That's right. I've started writing books about murders and then the local sheriff has come to me when stuff is going down. How do you find out about murder? Like do you just read the police blotter or how do you find out? Yes. And I have a police scanner and I just listen and I wait. What town do you live in? Is it a small town or is it a large town with lots of murders? It's a small town on the East coast and I like to bike around, but surprisingly, a lot of murders happen. That is strange for such a small town. So many murders. Too many murders.

Do you ever make Alexa listen to the police scanner when shit's really going down? All the time. Yeah. She just has to listen. What if Alexa fell in love with the police scanner? Now that's what I'm afraid of too. Yeah, exactly. Spending so much time on there. You come home. Yeah. You think that's, well, it's possible. Crime never stops. Money never sleeps. Crime never stops.

It could happen. I mean, you're away. You're out there solving murders. And meanwhile, Alexa is spending so much time with the police blotter. That explains everything. What does it explain?

I came home one time and they were, I think like what I assumed was 69. They were on top of it.

Yeah. So like her turn on button was on the other way. The scanner you mean? The scanners.

Right. Okay. Not the blotter. So the antenna of the scanner was like sort of bisecting Alexa.

Yes. You think they were doing it? They were doing it. I don't know. It sure sounds like they were doing it. The way you describe it, it's very hot.

It sounds like they were doing it.

Oh shit. Well shit. Do you know that you have an uncanny neck for the erotica?

What? Just your normal cadence is very sexy and the things you describe are quite moist making.

Oh, are you telling me you're moist right now? Oh, me too.

Hashtag me too. Splash, splash.

Oh dear. Wait, who just said me too?

Not me.

Hashtag not me. Look, it seems like something's going on here between Clovis and Mrs. Potts, a human and a human, which I think is, if you want to go out on a date, we'll pay for it.

Ooh. What does it include?

It includes all expenses trip to the restaurant down the street.

I'll tell you what, it's dollar taco night at Big Wang's.

Oh. You want to go over there and catch.

Are there chicken wings in the tacos with bones in them?

No, these are just taco.

Well, Big Wang's is...

Big Wang's.

They primarily make chicken wings.

Sure, but they're allowed to do other things.

Okay. I know they're allowed.

It's taco night.

What is this? Are there a lot of TVs there?

Not enough for my liking, but there's a pretty good amount.

Oh my, I'm in. I'll go.

Okay.

That sounds nice.

Wow. Bouncing back.

Yeah.

You must have not have spent much time with Alexa.

Bearly even friends, then somebody bends.

Beauty and the Beast.

That's right. Wow.

So you're the beast in this situation.

Yeah.

Oh, you bet your bottom dollar on the beast.

Oh my gosh.

Well, congratulations. I want an update on this.

Scott, thank you so much.

You're welcome. I mean, you were cheated on by Alexa and you just bounced right back.

Yeah, fuck her.

Fuck her.

Yeah.

She didn't help me.

Fuck her.

Oh my God.

You guys are getting closer and closer.

Killing her would bond you.

Whoa, wait a minute.

Wait a minute.

That's right.

Wait a minute.

John.

Killing her would bond me.

That's right.

We could pour some water on her.

That's right.

That'll kill her.

We'll make the police scanner watch.

Yeah.

Oh, Clovis.

I like you.

Oh, Bob.

What's your name?

Mrs. Potts.

You're about to call her Pablo.

I was going to call her Pepper.

Call me whatever you want.

That's a totally separate Disney property.

It's a different piece of IP.

That's a different piece of folklore.

Well, guys, I don't want to see you making out here, so I'm going to probably call an end to the show, but we have one last thing to do before we end, and that is a little something called Plugs.

Oh, nice.

Short and sweet.

I love it.

That was meant to plug and it's by a band that I'm not quite sure how to pronounce.

I'm going to ask John to think of his pronunciation and I'm going to think of my pronunciation and we'll say it both at the same time and see if we link up.

Right.

That one.

Yeah, this one right here.

Okay.

And I will say it at the same time on three, three, two, one, and then we say it.

Right.

Okay, here we go.

Three, two, one.

Foom and fat.

Oh, very fat.

I don't know.

I'm not correct.

And you're not correct.

It could be either foom and fat foom and fat foom and fat.

If you have a Plugs theme, you know what to do with it.

And what do we plug in?

Obviously, John, you have a piece of IP out there yourself right now.

Yeah, I've got some content right now on Netflix so you can stream currently a kid gorgeous at Radio City streaming right now on Netflix.

And is it exactly an hour?

Like all three disks of Prince's emancipation?

Nope.

It's an hour and four minutes.

Hour and four minutes.

Very good.

So you did not take the Prince route.

Not in that way.

But it is sort of inspired.

But I'm taking fentanyl and I will master it.

A few people have, we've lost a few to it, but I'm going to figure it out.

The exact.

I know how much to take and how much not to take.

Clovis Mandrake, where can people see you do readings or?

Well, just you can check out my website.

Clovis Mandrake.

So you were able to get it.

That's right.

Oh, great.

I paid $4,000 to the son of a bitch who got there first, but it was worth it.

Also be at the Iowa Writers Workshop this summer teaching a class with Ta-Nehisi Coates.

Oh, okay.

Oh, no.

Yeah.

Class about what?

It's about race and masculinity and modern literature.

Are you two on the same page?

Absolutely.

Have you talked to him or do you just assume you are?

Oh, we're absolutely.

I'm very progressive.

I mean, you know, I read his, I read his, the book he wrote as a letter to his son, young son about being a black man in America.

Between the world and me.

Exactly.

English major.

I was very moved by that.

Well, that book was written many years after he graduated.

Yeah, absolutely.

And he's the one that's about to collaborate with Mr. Coates.

Yeah.

It doesn't have to be all about you is what you're saying.

Plus I was a big fan of his Black Panther graphic novel.

Right.

Yeah.

His run on Black Panther and Captain America coming up.

Right.

I wasn't right, but have you seen galleys of his Captain America?

Oh, sure.

We hang out all the time.

That's great.

Okay.

Wow.

Congratulations.

And anything else to plug?

Anything else coming out there?

Anything you're a fan of or?

No.

Nope.

Okay.

Mrs. Potts, what do you, uh, what do you want to plug?

Well, I am solving murders now, so please hit me up if you know the, if you ever have a murder.

You know the idea of killers?

Yes.

Please.

I need all the help I can get.

Are you good at it?

No, not at all.

I'm not very good at it.

I'm not good at solving puzzles or anything like that.

So it's been very hard.

You couldn't even put the chipped piece of...

Chipped back in.

Yeah.

Nope.

I gave up real quick.

Um, so yeah, if you...

There are only two options for that, either this side or that side.

And like, there was clearly a top and a bottom color wise, but I just...

And a smooth side and an inside side.

Yeah.

And anthropomorphic super glue available to you, I would imagine.

Yes.

Are you, uh, do you want open cases or you need answers?

Your flood...

Cold cases?

What are you looking at?

Do you need new cases or do you just need answers to the ones you want?

I'll do some cold cases, but I promise I won't do well.

Yeah.

But I would love answers to some cases.

How many cases are currently in the red?

Right now in the red, that means like not solved?

Yeah.

Oh boy.

Oh well.

Oh boy.

A lot.

Yeah.

How many of those are red balls?

Nevermind.

Anything else to plug?

No, that's about it.

Any shows you're going to see in theaters or anything coming up?

Speaking of Netflix, there's another show on there?

Oh yeah, you guys want to watch Disjointed.

It's a fun pot comedy.

Yeah, if you want to watch, um...

If you want to.

If you want to watch Disjointed, check it out.

Don't watch it if you don't want to.

Yeah.

You know what I mean?

We would not suggest that.

I want to plug that comedy-banking TV show on Netflix may go away at any point.

Unlike Michael Bolton's Big Sexy Valentine's Day, which will be there in perpetuity.

As long as Netflix decides it's worth keeping up the bandwidth for, I guess.

Alright, let's close up the old plug bag.

Yeah.

Alright, that is the closing up the plug bag theme.

I made a note John was looking at during the closing of the plug bag theme.

It was something I wanted to ask him about.

Okay, so I'm watching Kid Gorgeous.

Thanks again.

Beautiful symmetrical aesthetic and set design.

Yes.

Wonderful background.

The set built by a guy named Scott Pask.

Just nominated for two Tony Awards.

Two Tonys, for which...

Yeah, for Mean Girls and The Band's Visit.

Oh, he's going to win then.

I mean, he's got a two out of five chance, right?

That's better than...

Is it two out of five?

Yeah.

Well, primarily in award shows they usually have five nominees, but it could be six.

He was a set designer for Oh Hello on Broadway, and he's a very talented man who did the full set at Radio City.

Everything you see there was built by him.

Wonderful person, wonderful design.

And I'm watching and the Radio City Music Hall Theater is in very symmetrical rows and everything.

And then I'm watching it and to my left, stage right, in the third row, everyone's lined up and sitting in these rows.

There's a guy who's just turned and it has his feet in the aisle and he's just like, his legs are in the aisle, ruining the symmetricality of your design.

The whole time?

The whole time.

Anytime there's a wide shot, look about third row, camera left, there's a guy who's just like, his legs are out in the middle of the aisle.

How did we...

Why didn't we catch that?

Why didn't you CGI this guy out?

Boy, oh boy.

I'm surprised we didn't catch that.

And who does that?

Who goes to...

Covered long legs.

Yeah, that's true.

Hey, I can only commiserate.

Well, guys, thank you so much.

I've done that.

I've done that myself.

So what are we coming down on this guy?

But if this guy is listening and wants to publicly apologize, you'll accept it, correct?

Absolutely.

I will accept any apology for things done to me and to others.

All right.

John, thank you so much for coming by.

Really appreciate it.

Good luck with the show.

Clovis, good luck.

And Mrs. Potts, good luck with whatever's happening here.

We don't need any luck.

The only thing we will pay for it as long as you come back and talk about it and talk about your experience and if you hit it off or not.

And if we've made a love connection.

Oh, great.

Oh, I think we've already made a love connection.

Yeah.

How do you mean?

What are your hands doing underneath the table there?

Don't you worry about it.

Let me just sit.

Okay, well.

You don't need to worry about it because it's our first date.

Let's just say ostrich.

Ostrich just happened too.

All right, we'll see you next time.

Thanks.

Bye.

♪♪♪ This has been an Earwolf production.

Executive produced by Scott Aukerman, Chris Bannon, and Colin Anderson.

For more information and content, visit Earwolf.com.
