---
layout: page
title: 548. Gillian Jacobs, Paul F. Tompkins, Lamar Woods, Tawny Newsome [58873⧸].mp3.wav
category: cbb 
---

♪ Comedy Bang Bang ♪ Spread your wings and fly as I spread my cheeks and sigh.

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

Thank you to Captain Pukefish for that catchphrase submission. What do you think of that?

That's a one-two punch. That is a combo right there.

Wow.

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang for another edition. Last week of May, this is exciting because Rent is almost due. It's a good reminder. And Scott Aukerman, your host for Comedy Bang Bang, we have an exciting show coming up. I don't exactly know who's going to be here. We do have a tourist coming up soon. And then, of course, open door policy always here at the show. So maybe someone will walk in. But until then, I want to do a deep dive on our next guest. And she's a returning favorite. And from what she tells me, she's not been on the show in approximately 15 months or so. And from what she tells me, people on the street were coming up to her to say that they missed her being on the show. So she made an appointment with me to be on the show. And I kept her waiting in the waiting room for about half an hour while I talked to her, my other patients. But she is here now. You know her as the, would you call yourself the star or the co-star of Love? Star, Paul.

The star of Love on Netflix, which just completed its third season of which I was a big, big fan of the last season, by the way. And she is the, now would you say star or co-star about your movie?

Star.

That's out. Star.

Star.

Are you above the title, by the way?

I don't know. Yeah.

Gillian Jacobs Ibiza?

Gillian Jacobs is- Like is it possessive?

It's possessive. I never know with a last name that ends in S if I supposed to do S apostrophe, S apostrophe S.

Well, if you read the elements of style, my dear, it will tell you that either is acceptable, but apostrophe S apostrophe S is actually more clear.

I like that. I like to be clear.

Gillian Jacobs Ibiza.

Gillian Jacobs Ibiza and Scott Ockerman's comedy bank.

Well, there is no S at the end of my name though.

What if you suddenly decided you were more than one person?

That's true. I mean, hey, look, I mean, so much is going on with identity these days.

Um, I could decide that I was 12 people.

Scott Ockerman's is comedy bang bangs.

Bang bangs.

Comedy bangs is bang.

Yes. Comedy bangs is bang.

So, oh, we could actually have a character named comedy bang.

Right.

And it's his bang.

What do you mean by character? What do you mean?

I think it's time for you to have a permanent co-host.

Who are you talking about? You?

Myself.

Okay.

Gillian Jacobs's comedy bang bangs bang.

Wait, Gillian Jacobs's comedy bangs Scott Ockerman's bang.

That's I mean, hey, I'm into it.

The show is now called bang and I'm comedy bang.

Right.

And you're Scott Ockerman's.

And I think it's an odd choice for someone who has not been on the show for 15 months to now want to be on it every week, but I'm into it.

So, uh, why wouldn't you be?

You know, I'll see you next week.

Adding a little star power to the mix.

Bang.

Of course, Gillian Jacobs is here.

Welcome back.

Thank you so much, Scott.

It's so good to see you, uh, in the, uh, I was going to say in the flesh, but what a creepy saying we got, we have to retire that.

I'm happy to have my flesh so you can say it.

It's a gift, isn't it?

Yes.

I'd rather have it than not have it.

What if we all were skeletons?

Like it would be.

We probably as human beings would find some way to make some skeletons more attractive than other skeletons.

Wouldn't we?

Because that's just our human nature.

We would be like, Oh God, look at the chips on the bones of that one.

You know what I mean?

There was a movement in the Catholic church.

And I can't remember what century to decorate skeletons with jewels and display them in churches.

Why do they have so many skeletons?

Maybe.

Like where it's not like you and I are walking around going, Oh, a skeleton.

Let me grab that.

I mean, perhaps this is pure conjecture, Scott.

Pure conjecture.

The court stipulates this is conjecture.

This is conjecture.

You'll allow it.

Could have been.

Watch yourself, counselor.

All right.

I preemptively object.

To your own?

Yes.

Conjecture?

All right.

I'll allow that as well.

Speculation conjecture.

What if it was during the plague and they had a lot of skeletons?

Yeah.

But what I mean to say is don't you think they would have cleaned it up before it turned into a skeleton?

Or are you saying they like are popping the skeletons out of dead bodies?

Like, like slurp, just like pulling it out by the skull.

We don't know.

We weren't there.

This is all conjecture.

We don't know.

That's true.

But you know what I mean about like judging and beauty standards and everything?

I mean, even if we were just the bones upon which our flesh resides, we would find some way to just, you know, think that we're better than others.

Right?

Some would agree with you.

Somewhat?

Some would.

Somewhat agree.

Well, Gillian, what I mean to say is just say what you mean.

All right.

You have a movie out.

Correct.

This is the promotion section of comedy bangs, bang comedy.

Gillian Jacobs is comedy bangs is Scott Aukerman's is bang.

The movie is called Ibiza.

Correct.

It's called Ibiza.

Ibiza.

Correct.

And it's on Netflix and people can watch it right now.

Correct.

Currently they could turn this off and say, you know what?

Boring so far.

Let me watch this movie though.

That I mean, as far as my publicists are concerned, I have done my job.

People can pause the podcast right now and go watch Ibiza and come back to this later.

That's right.

Now your publicists were very concerned about you getting on the show.

Is that right?

Well, this is the first time that I have ever appeared on this show.

When it was scheduled by my publicists and they sent me an email as though I'd never heard of the show before.

Oh, that well, that's, that's very common.

But I think part of the issue is that I feel I don't have a current number for you.

Oh yes.

Yes, that's correct.

You do not, you no longer have my number.

I sent you a text message about a party I had.

Oh.

And you never responded.

And I thought that's not like Gilly.

No.

Yes.

I've changed my number Scott.

Okay, great.

Well, let's, let's get those contact infos or you can just say it right now if you like.

Yeah, I would love to.

It's 555-5555.

Oh, okay.

Do you sell insurance?

No, I now exist as a character only in media.

So tell me about this film.

It's you.

I saw it the other night.

It's a dynamite film and it's in 4k.

I noticed.

Yeah.

Netflix insists on that.

They do.

And it's you, Vanessa Bayer and Phoebe Robinson are good friends.

I don't, oh yeah.

Vanessa was on the TV show and Phoebe was just on the podcast here.

So our good, all good friends at Comedy Bang Bang, Comedy Bang Bang fans should feel as if they're in safe hands here.

Yes.

And Michaela Watkins, has she been on?

Yes, she's been on several times.

Comedy Bangs Bang.

Comedy.

Yes.

So, and tell us about this film.

This is about a, and I can nutshell it.

If you prefer me to woman sad.

Correct.

Go away.

Correct.

Does that pretty much accurately describe the film?

How about friends join?

Friends join is good.

Yeah.

Friends join in, go away.

Go away gang.

Yes.

Go away to Spain.

Okay.

That's yeah.

First you go to Barcelona, Barcelona.

Correct.

Then you go to Ibiza.

Correct.

And it's about you Phoebe and Vanessa.

You're all a gang of ne'er do wells who never do well.

And you, you go out there woman sad.

Woman sad.

So she go.

Woman sad, but go for work.

Doesn't go because sad go for work.

But sadness.

Bring comes with her always.

Sadness.

Sadness joins 24 seven.

Correct.

Much like my own life.

Sadness always there.

Constant companion.

Woman sad.

People who meet woman also sad.

Sometime happy.

Friends happier than woman.

At end.

Woman still sad.

Woman woman sad.

Woman go to club.

That yes.

This is like the penis.

Heavily featured.

What?

Oh yes.

Correct.

Penis heavily featured.

Man.

Man nervous.

Man has records.

This is about encapsulate the plot of this film.

Have you been hired by my greatest enemy to sabotage the release of this film?

Who is your greatest enemy by the way?

My mother.

Ah yes.

No it's a it's a fantastic film.

It's you you go to Spain for work.

Your friends tag along.

And then a bunch of adventures in Spain.

Yes we travel around Spain.

I see and I I meet a DJ at a club that I that I take a fancy to.

And I travel.

And you go get your man.

I go get my man.

I go get my man played by Richard Madden of Game of Thrones.

Right who's he playing?

But not the possessive.

Yeah who's he playing Games of Thrones?

Okay let me think.

I've I don't watch the show so I what do people say.

Did you tell him that first thing by the way?

I didn't I'm not one of those.

I don't know who you are.

I'm not no I'm not.

Don't try to impress me with your good looking Celtic charm.

Where's he from?

Scotland.

Scotland I'm sorry if I misidentified his country of origin.

Yeah.

Who's he plays?

Does he ever have a Rob Stark?

Oh Rob Stark okay.

Right did I say that?

Uh-huh yeah.

He's the king of the north?

Something like that yeah.

I'm sure he's a guy who has a sword at some point.

I would imagine he said he had a lot of maps on the show.

He was often looking at maps.

Weird brag okay.

Okay it wasn't a brag you're saying everything's a brag.

By the way Gillian I look at a lot of maps on the show.

That's your Scottish accent.

Well how's yours?

I don't try it because I know it's not good.

Well you're a coward.

No I'm respectful.

This is a great film.

Who's the director by the way?

Alex Rickenbach of yes funny or die renowned.

Great guy.

Written by Lauren Kahn of also funny or die renowned.

Dynamic duo.

Will Ferrell and Adam McKay produced as well as well as some other people.

And this I mean you're in safe hands here if you're like I don't know am I gonna laugh?

Guess what you're gonna laugh.

I wish people could see the pained expressions of the others in this room.

Well if you want to see some true pained expressions watch the Beezer on Netflix it's out now.

You can watch it anytime of day.

It takes about an hour and a half of your time and you don't have to watch it sequentially.

You can dip in and out.

You can watch it backwards if you like.

If you're like really into the Harold Pinter betrayal experience where you're like you know what I want to see every scene backwards in chronological order.

You could do that I'm sure.

I think that should be a feature on Netflix where it's like it's a button you press for everything you watch and it's Pinter style.

And it's just like I want to watch it backwards and that would be an entirely new.

It's like how they remixed Arrested Development recently you know and made it all chronological.

I want to watch it Pinter style and do it backwards.

I once had Ulysses on my iPod and I was.

What?

Yes the novel Ulysses read aloud on my iPod.

By whom?

I can't remember and that's not the point.

So dismissive of the narrators.

All right get to your point.

I was listening to it on a hike and I was thinking I know this is a very dense book that's difficult but this really makes no sense to me.

I must be stupid.

And then at the end of the hike I realized I had my iPod on shuffle and so I was listening to the chapters out of order.

So I'm not as dumb as I thought I was.

So then did you go back and listen to it in chronological order?

No.

No because you were just like look it was boring.

It was boring.

People were just appearing and disappearing though it was kind of like.

It sounds like Harry Potter though.

Yeah.

They were just apparating.

La Vosa or something.

La Vosa?

Isn't that like a spell?

I thought that was a character you were saying.

It's like La Vosa in Harry Potter.

You know La Vosa.

Isn't that like something something La Vosa?

Probably.

I don't know what that would do.

By the way Gilly just mimed the pointing a wand at something.

Correct.

Yeah and your form was quite good actually.

Thank you very much.

You pointed it right at a thing.

It was almost like you were trying to get the water bottle to disappear.

Yes water bottle La Vosa.

Bing.

How many by the way you know how when you see people firing weapons in movies sometimes they can't help themselves and like bang bang bang bang and you see their lips moving because they're like bang bang bang bang and they take it out.

That was recently that.

Laura Dern.

Laura Dern yes in Star Wars.

She was going like pew pew pew every single time she shot the gun.

Where was I going with that?

Oh in the Harry Potter movies do you think that every time they they point one of those sticks at something like they go ding like you just did?

Yes.

Great.

All right well Gillian Jacobs Visa is currently on Netflix.

You can dial it up on your modems however you like and it's a great film.

Phoebe's in it Vanessa's in it some some great.

Sorry what?

Is this the studio?

Sorry we're in the middle of a show sir.

I beg your pardon.

We're in the middle of a show and you must be looking for the restroom which is a common mistake.

I am not looking for the restroom.

Sir do you?

Please stop calling me sir.

I'm sorry you have a motorcycle helmet on I can't.

Yes I do for safety.

Well sure that's I don't know why anyone would wear one otherwise.

Are you asking me to remove my helmet?

Yes please remove your helmet sir or madam.

That musical group where they wear it for fun what are they called?

The Village People?

No this is the two gentlemen and they wear motorcycle helmets.

The two gentlemen?

Yes.

I believe the young lady is speaking of daft punk.

Correct.

Ah that's right hello.

Yes hello young man.

Hell I would similarly say hello to you and describe your age and gender but I don't.

I rather you didn't.

Okay would you do so though?

How rude.

Who are you?

Oh great catchphrase.

Which one how rude?

Yes from Full House.

Okay wait you're just picking out catchphrases now that people say?

Sure.

Okay.

Would you like to know who I am?

Did I do that?

Did you do what?

Also great catchphrase.

You're right I will leave.

Okay goodbye.

You seem to be in the middle of something.

We are in the middle of something.

No stay stay stay.

Who are you?

You said it's an open door policy.

We have an open door policy and this is coming back to really bite me.

Who are you?

My name is Lavinia Marsh Carruthers.

Lavinia Marsh Carruthers?

That is correct you've got it on the first try.

I'm very proud of you.

Now that sounds like something that Gilly would point a stick at and try to announce to make something disappear.

I have one question for you.

Yes.

Is Marsh Carruthers hyphenated or is Marsh your middle name?

It is not.

You are wrong on both counts.

It is neither hyphenated nor my middle name.

Does it have quotes around it like a nickname?

It does not.

Like Lavinia Marsh Carruthers.

I understood you didn't need to actually do the physical quotation marks in the air.

Like Boomer.

I understand.

Please stop providing examples.

Boomer lives.

What what what is Marsh then?

It's a name.

It's just a name so it's not a middle name.

It's in the middle but it is not my middle name.

Do you have two first names?

No.

Is it Lavinia Marsh?

I do not.

Are you just are you one of these people who just says their name out of order?

My middle my middle name is Skylerton.

Skylerton.

Yes.

Lavinia.

But I don't use it.

My full name is Lavinia Skylerton Marsh Carruthers.

So Marsh is your?

It is my name.

Right but it's not a surname.

It is.

Isn't it?

Is it your surname?

It is a part of my surname.

So is it hyphenated Marsh?

It is not hyphenated.

We have covered this ground.

Well she said is it hyphenated.

She I think what Gillian was trying to assess is whether it was a your married name.

Or your parents your mother didn't give up her last name and your parents gave you both of their last names.

My mother most certainly did give up her last name.

Oh sorry.

She was a lady of the older school.

So just two.

The sequel to old school?

What?

I think it would be the prequel wouldn't it?

It would be like an Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom situation.

I haven't the faintest idea of anything you're talking about.

All right well why don't you give us something you do have the faintest idea about.

Like what the fuck are you doing here?

Hey language language.

I am a lady.

I sorry.

My name is Lavinia Marsh Carruthers.

I have given you the full story young man.

Okay.

You're quite rude.

Do it Pinterest Al.

Could I hit that button?

What?

Never mind.

Stop interrupting.

All right go.

My name is that's right.

I reset to the beginning every time you interrupt me.

All right all right.

My name is Lavinia Marsh Carruthers.

Hey what?

No!

I can't bear it Scott.

You're very rude.

You're a very rude young man.

I'm going to have to LaVosa you out of this room.

All right I'm going to Lavinia Marsh Carruthers you.

I wish you would.

I'm sure you have no idea what that even means.

I don't because you haven't explained.

My name is Lavinia Marsh Carruthers.

But you may know me under the nom do motorcycle.

Sheevil Knievel the lady daredevil.

Okay.

Okay now.

That is why I'm a tired as you see.

That is why you're tired.

That is why I am a tired as you see.

He's wearing the motorcycle.

I beg your pardon.

I'm so sorry.

I thought that she was saying the very idea.

I thought she was saying that is why I am.

This is a young man.

Please be quiet.

You're doing your Italian accent.

Now young young lady you should understand.

This is the kind of thing that we have to battle against always.

I understand.

To be in a male space and trying to make our own way.

That's right.

Mortified.

I have a deepest apology.

You probably call yourself an actress.

I don't.

No progress.

So but but now what's interesting to me is your.

So but what.

So but what is interesting to me is your.

What's interesting about me.

Well you you say that you don't want female actors to call themselves actresses.

Did I say that?

Well.

Or did I merely ask a question and receive an answer?

Yeah but you were looking down your nose.

Was I?

Is it because I'm so very tall?

You are like a giant egg.

I am six two.

Yeah yeah I mean you're as tall as I but I would consider that to be very tall for a woman.

You consider yourself a giant.

No but you're a giantess.

Do you mind if I call you a giantess?

Yes I do.

Just be a giant.

Do not do it.

Okay so you're a giant.

No I'm a tall woman.

I'm a lady of a certain stature.

All right but what I'm trying to say is.

What are you trying to say?

You seem to be casting aspersions upon Gillian for being sort of sexist in labels and yet you much like the she-hulk have called yourself shevel knievel.

Like she should just be called the other hulk.

We shouldn't have to differentiate her by her gender.

Like hulk is is the young man and then she- Please shut up.

Please shut up young man.

The thing that differentiates.

Young man please be quiet.

All right.

And see how long you can go.

Let's play the quiet game but only you.

You are- I can't do it.

You are the mistaken impression that my name my professional name is an answer to evil knievel is that correct?

Yes that's like you're saying what differentiates you from evil knievel is that you're a woman.

Well you've made a very stupid mistake because I came first.

One.

Yes I was riding a motorcycle and jumping over things long before evil so-called knievel ever did his name is a tribute to me.

Are you saying knievel is so-called or evil is so-called because you said evil so-called knievel.

I'm saying so-called knievel because knievel was my name first and he adopted that as a tribute to me.

Are you related?

We are not related.

Why didn't he call himself hevel knievel then?

A very good question.

Can we get him on the show?

How would I know?

Well I would imagine that- Your lawyers are probably in touch.

I have no idea- yes indeed they are.

I have no idea if Mr quote knievel end quote and I'm doing the air quotes like I did.

Thank you like boomer.

I have no idea if he lives or dies and frankly I do not care.

I think he must be no longer with us.

Does anyone want to take bets on hevel knievel whether he's still around?

What a crass and disgusting thing.

I'm never going to meet him you don't even know how to get a hold of him.

You're making wagers on the idea of someone is alive or not.

Well I'll make one on you.

Do they have the impertinence?

Alive.

How much did you win?

You owe me twenty dollars.

Why do I owe you twenty dollars?

I knew that I was alive.

I don't know we have had several ghosts here in the show so I'm worried that you're one from that noise you just made.

It was chilling.

So shevel knievel do you mind if I call you by your motorcycle?

You may call me shevel knievel you may call me shevel you may call me madam knievel my preferred form of address when it's hired in my motorcycle garb.

That's right describe your garb it's very interesting.

Well thank you I strive to be interesting in all ways.

You are by the way.

A lot of times the uh please stop.

You find me an elderly lady who is a motorcycle daredevil to be an interesting person.

Please stop answering every question that I have for you.

Should I?

Jesus Christ.

What a terrible vocal thing that is.

Oh you don't like to be annoyed?

But describe your outfit for us because it's uh it's very striking.

Thank you I am wearing of course my safety jumpsuit.

Yes.

Which I always don when I ride my motorcycle.

How does it what does it protect you from?

How is it a safety?

Nothing.

I was gonna say it looks like regular clothes.

It is thinly it's a thinly padded jumpsuit but of course the the source of stunts that I'm doing the jumpsuit's not going to protect me I've broken every bone in my body.

Really there are so many bones.

Twice.

Whoa there's so many bones in the feet that must be uh.

Too many if you ask me.

Yeah let's take some out.

I would go to my doctor and he would say well you've almost got them all and then finally the time that I broke every bone in my foot.

Well they had a party for me at the hospital.

Oh that sounds nice.

The balloons and cake.

People came from other wards.

One cake and several balloons.

Yes that's how it normally goes at a party.

There was one however this was such a special occasion there was one cake for every balloon.

Whoa and how many balloons?

Five.

Five balloons.

Five balloons and five cakes.

Oh a ghost.

That's a happy ghost.

So every bone in your body so if you were just a skeleton we would see like all these cracks on you and we would probably think that you were the most unattractive of all the skeletons.

Or we would think what a life well lived.

That's true.

Thank you my dear I much prefer your interpretation of my skeleton than this rude young man.

But you're not a skeleton you have.

I am not a skeleton.

You are in the flesh you have you have wrinkled flesh.

I am not a skeleton in the sense that we are all not skeletons but I do have a skeleton.

You do have a skeleton but the wrinkled flesh is upon it.

Were we to enter a hall of x-rays I assumed that we'd say we were all skeletons.

Have you ever been to the hall of x-rays in Cleveland?

Of course I have.

Yeah it's beautiful.

Yes.

Yeah they nominate new x-rays every single year.

That's correct.

And all the other x-rays complain about not getting in.

I gave a speech there once about the importance of a skeleton.

Who introduced you?

Chuck Berry.

Oh lovely.

So tell us.

You know that sneaky fellow.

He had an x-ray machine in the bathroom of one of his restaurants and he was spying on people's skeletons.

Was this Paddy's in Toluca Lake?

That's correct.

Can I ask what are the stunts that you're performing because it sounds like these are dangerous stuff I mean evil or Hevel Knievel.

We all remember him trying to jump over the Grand Canyon and.

Yes I'm sure you all do.

I don't.

Don't worry.

Thank you.

What a what a refreshing change of pace.

But that's only because she doesn't pay attention to anything.

She's the type of person to like put you listen to her iPod.

Why would you rob me of this small victory?

Okay I'm sorry no you win.

Thank you finally.

Shevel Knievel won.

What was your dumb question?

What is that?

Dumb?

This is your bread and butter.

What are the stunts you do?

Well I had forgotten but I just assumed it was dumb from the way you behave.

Gally.

And what is your name dear?

I'm so sorry.

Oh my name is Gallyan.

It's what?

Gallyan.

Like the ancient ship?

Correct.

Of which stunt are you most proud?

Thank you.

No one has ever asked me that.

Everyone always wants to know how many bones did I break?

How many how many times did I almost die?

Young man.

Yes.

I'm trying to keep my temper but you're being very rude.

It seems like everyone who comes in here hates me for some reason.

For some reason.

Why is it because you begin by being the rudest person possible?

I don't know look I would say basically the first question should be like what are the stunts you do and then follow up of which are you most proud because then we can be like oh well out of this entire range of stunts Shevel is most proud of this one that we heard about.

Well why don't you let her host the program?

It's her job and she seems to be doing.

It is I am now the permanent co-host.

Permanent co-host.

Comedy bang.

Well who's the other host?

Scott.

Are you?

She's the star I'm the co-star.

Thank you.

That sounds about right.

So go ahead go ahead ask your question.

Gallyan the question oh I'm sorry would you like to ask your question would you like to repeat it?

Yeah oh no no no I think all the listeners will remember my probing and pertinent question.

I rather think they will.

The stunt of which I am most proud the year 1979.

Oh my goodness.

The location New York City.

202 years after our nation was invented.

Founded consecrated.

Do you have any control over his outbursts?

Sadly he's still my co-host and he's credited as producer on the program so I've yet to be able to silence his microphone but I'm working on it.

Isn't that always the way that's the way it is now but will it always be that way?

I'm right here.

The stunt of which I am most proud was when I jumped from one of the twin towers to the other in 1979 or I nearly did.

My front tire did touch the second tower.

So I consider that a major victory.

And did you leap from the motorcycle as it touched the second tower?

I certainly tried to.

And where did you land?

They had a series of safety nets set up to catch me at various places should I fall and well fall I did and so I went through the one net because they didn't factor in the weight of the motorcycle.

That seems like the first thing you would do when you're setting up these nets.

It does seem like that and I certainly said that to the fellow who put the nets up.

I think some people got fired that day.

Yeah who is this fellow by the way?

His name was Ron.

Oh Ron yeah.

He was fired.

Ron Chernow.

Oh do you know him?

Yes.

What a specific thing you just said just now.

Well he went on to write that Hamilton biography I think after.

Oh yeah the biography of the state show?

The state show yes correct.

The state show?

The state show.

Yeah of the state.

He wrote the Thomas Lennon.

Right.

What's happening?

I don't know.

So you tumbled down into the first net it broke.

The first net broke.

Because of the weight of the motorcycle.

I became separated from my motorcycle.

Okay at that point.

I think that's a good thing at this point.

It was.

You're very perceptive.

Thank you.

You could be a lady daredevil.

Oh.

But you're falling.

You're falling at the same rate because no matter what the weight of anything.

Yes there was also a pound of feathers that was falling at the same time.

But here's the thing about.

Every jump I ever made.

I brought with me my lucky pound of feathers.

Yes.

So the motorcycle and you are separated at this point but falling side by side.

Yes.

And at this point we are between two nets that are on either side.

I reached out a hand to try to grab.

I'm sorry I'm so I'm so enraptured by this tale that I'm acting it out.

You want to feel what it was like to reach out for a net.

Yeah I've never reached out before.

It feels good.

Why don't you reach out to a psychiatrist and make an appointment?

Because I think you're mentally ill.

You don't know me well enough to say these kinds of things.

I know you.

It's like you're coming in here with with information that other people have given you.

Well that's impossible.

I've never been here before.

Wait how did you end up here?

Who sent you here?

My publicist?

No my publicist.

You don't think we have the same publicist do you?

Well I'd be so honored.

Is it Ron Cher now?

No no she would never work with him again.

We'll say the name at the exact same time.

Ready?

Three two one.

IDPR.

Yes I'm with IDPR.

Wonderful.

It stands for independent.

Determined.

Publicity.

Realness.

Of course.

So you reached out with your hand.

I reached out with my hand much like you're doing except better.

My fingers just grazed the net but it was enough to slow me down.

The motorcycle now falling at a faster rate than I.

Well we're falling at the same rate but we're not side by side anymore.

Pound of feathers still in the mix.

Also you could.

But are the feathers bound together?

They're not floating separately the pound or is it one feather that weighs a pound?

From like a giant like emu or something?

I have a lucky one pound feather that I procured from a flightless bird.

I shan't say which one.

I'm not quite that old darling.

I feel as if I reveal the species of bird it will lose its mojo.

You could also by the way.

You're crying why?

I'm just so moved by your tail.

Thank you thank you my dear.

You could flatten out your body and the wind resistance would then make you fall at a slower rate than the I thought about that at the time like a flying squirrel.

I realized I should have had one of those flying squirrel suits made.

Instead of the suit that we you're currently in.

Well I could have attached sort of wings under the arms attached to the torso and then that could have given me some power.

And then your legs also would probably.

Oh thank you not to mention my legs.

I am a lady and you are allegedly a gentleman.

It simply isn't done.

Let's get to the end of this tale.

What happened?

I'm sorry that this is so boring a story.

It's not boring.

That you don't want any details.

I just feel.

Of the time I tried to jump from one of the World Trade Centers to the other.

Please don't misunderstand Schievel.

I want the details.

You may call me Madame Knievel.

Madame Knievel I don't want the divergent threads that we're pulling out here.

Great film series.

Well you'd like would you like to stop causing them?

I'm not causing them I feel like Galleon might be.

Galleon I can't stay mad at you.

Madame.

When I see you I see a bit of myself back when I was your age if you could believe I ever was.

I can't accept a compliment as kind as that.

So pre-wrinkles.

How dare you Scotty Aquaman.

Post-wrinkles?

Of all the impertinent and impudent things you've said.

For the time the limited time I've been in this room.

The worst is not what you've just said but rather the idea that you are surprised that people dislike you.

So I'm going to recap for our dear listening audience.

I don't think we need to recap.

Two things have happened.

She didn't get to tower two.

She's falling.

My front tire didn't touch the second tower.

She fell through a net.

She grazed a different net.

That's where we're at now.

No grazed.

Grabbed.

I'm afraid he's correct darling.

I did only graze the net with my fingers tips.

Fingers is tips.

I looked over and watched the motorcycle falling out of the distance.

Falling out of the distance.

It fell out of the distance.

Out of your eyesight I guess.

It do you need everything spelled out?

Yes it fell out of the distance of my eyesight.

Okay.

There was one net remaining.

I tucked myself into a tight little ball.

Now that's not that's going to make you fall faster.

Yes it is and it did.

Which would be hard on the net I would imagine.

Are you worried about the nets feelings?

Or are you worried about the net breaking if you're falling at a faster rate?

Well you should have because it did break.

Okay.

So last net is broken.

I mean as far as I can remember it's been a while but the World Trade Center was very tall.

It was very tall.

And so the fact that you are falling from the very tippy top of it.

I never said that.

Oh wait wait you were jumping from where?

I was jumping from the third floor to the third floor.

Okay well this is why bother doing it there then?

It was a practice just to get up to the top.

Were you doing it floor by floor?

Yes I'd successfully jumped from first to first, second to second, now third to third.

Okay so there was a net.

That's why there were so few nets.

This is not a hard story to follow.

So at the point the third- You're a very thick and slow young man.

One has to presume that you meant from the, what do you call it, the ceiling?

What does she look like?

Man on the- Rooftop!

Rooftop!

Ceiling.

The other side of the same coin.

Yes.

What's on the other side of the ceiling?

The rooftop.

So the- Your assumptions are not my responsibility.

So the bottom net is around the first floor one would imagine or the top of the first floor?

The bottom net is roughly six inches from the ground.

Six inches.

Okay so did that break your fall enough to where the injuries were not as serious?

At that point yes.

Right.

It didn't matter really.

Did you, what were the injuries that you came out of that?

I broke my tailbone.

Okay.

I broke my neck bone.

Oh that's a bad one.

That's one you do not want to break.

I broke two thirds of the bones in my right foot.

Okay.

All of the bones in my left foot for the second time.

Oh my gosh.

Never did them all at once.

This was the first time.

I can only imagine this incapacitated you for- Weeks!

Days even.

Hours.

All of those.

First hours.

Then the hours turned into days.

Then the days flowed into weeks.

So well that, how amazing were, was there a crowd watching you?

Or this was practice so maybe you hadn't gathered.

A crowd came at the end.

Oh certainly.

They heard the noise and everyone rushed over.

But Ron did not.

Ron did not.

Ron skulked away.

He skulked away as fast as his two incompetent feet could carry him.

Typical Ron.

Sounds like Ron to me.

Well, um- I hope Ron is in hell!

Oh no.

Yes!

No!

I do!

I hope Ron is writhing in the fiery furnace of hell!

Being tortured by Lucifer for eternity!

To once again quote Full House, have mercy!

Who's Gwen?

To once again quote Full House, have mercy!

And cut it out.

What I find most fascinating about this is that- I can't wait to hear this!

That is the stunt of which you're most proud.

Yes.

Okay, so your career has been a disaster.

Do you want to know- Now that's not true at all.

Did you ever successfully pull a stunt off?

Yes.

Which one?

I jumped Snake River Canyon.

Oh you did?

Yes.

That now Hevel Knievel was unable to complete that, is that correct?

Yes.

Right.

He was unable to complete that jump.

But you actually jumped and you were successful in crossing Snake River Canyon?

In 1961.

61?

Yes.

Oh my goodness.

I didn't even mean to do it.

What happened?

I was late.

For what?

For a hair appointment if you must know.

I didn't want to say that, but I knew you'd use it against me and say, of course a woman is rushing to a hair appointment.

You have to understand, back in those days women's hair was very important to them.

Of course, of course.

Is that how you got interested in stunt motorcycle things?

That's how I got interested in stunt motorcycle things.

Well, the first one was an accident and then it just hooked you and you were, you said this was fun.

Yes.

I was riding a motorcycle.

Right.

And I thought, oh dear, I'm going to be late.

My, my, my, my appointment at the salon is taking place at the other side of Snake River Canyon.

Well, the fastest, the shortest distance between two points is a straight line.

Of course.

So I revved, revved, revved.

Had your pound of feathers next year.

Had my pound of feathers.

At that time I was going to have them woven into my hair.

Women's hair was very important back in those days.

Sort of an ersatz native American look as well.

I beg your pardon.

Oh, well back then cultural appropriation was not, you know, it was the fashion of the day for women of a certain society to make their hair looking like a bird's nest.

I've not heard this.

Okay.

So, so that was so fun that you then decide to do it in other places.

Well it was so easy.

Were you ever successful again?

I've been successful many times.

I've been unsuccessful many times.

And how many times that you were successful, was there a hair appointment waiting for you on the other side?

Oh, that's a good question.

I've never thought so because the correlation here, now that you ask, I think 100% of my successful stunts, there was a hair appointment.

It resulted in a hair appointment.

That you were late for.

Yes.

And how many- I'm not a curious thing.

I'm just realizing that now.

I think there may be a trick here to your success is, you know, like if maybe there were no hairdressers on the third floor.

Please don't even say such a thing.

That there were no hairdressers on the third floor of the twin tower?

I thought you meant if there were no hairdressers period.

Oh, okay.

Well that, no, I would never, never speculate upon that.

I got a shiver as if a ghost entered the room.

Well, look, we need to- Ooh.

A ghost!

Galleon.

We need to go to a break.

But you're so fast- Oh, don't say break to me.

I'm so sorry.

We need to go to a commercial.

That's one of my jokes whenever I appear on a talk show.

It's a good one.

In fact, so good.

Do you mind sticking around?

You know who loved him was Dick Cavett.

I knew you were going to say that.

He loved it.

Look, let's go to a commercial.

When we come back, we'll have more from Lavinia.

Here and more from Galleon.

And I believe we have a tourist coming up.

And also- What?

We have a tourist.

A Los Angeles tourist.

Oh no.

And picture time just came in.

Oh no.

So we're all putting on our sunglasses.

Hurry, hurry!

You took the trouble to book a tourist on the show?

Well, we had no one else.

But it's strange that I'm here.

Well, I mean, you're, I mean, I don't know.

You're interesting.

So please stick around.

We'll be right back with more Comedy Bang Bang after this.

Comedy Bang Bang, we're here with Galleon Jacobses.

And Ibiza is on Netflix now.

I can leave now.

My publicist said I can go.

And we also have Lavinia Marsh Carruthers who- Hello!

Who completed a few stunts back in the 60s and 70s.

I've completed stunts more recently than that.

What was your most recent one?

Let's see.

What day is it today?

Monday.

1985.

So Back to the Future in theaters or is the pre-release hype?

I jumped over the premiere of Back to the Future.

Oh really?

Yes.

Well, I nearly did.

Was Huey Lewis there?

Yes, he was.

And the news?

The news did not attend.

No, because they were, I'm sure they were upset about not getting cameos like Huey did.

Yes, they were originally supposed to be a bunch of teachers sitting behind him.

They all had their own bull horns.

It just got to be too noisy.

It didn't make sense.

Yeah, I get it.

So you almost jumped over the, that was the last one that you did in 1985.

I attempted to jump over the premiere of Back to the Future.

Where was the premiere held?

It was held at Grauman's Chinese Theater.

Ah, there you go.

Speaking of cultural appropriation.

And you were unsuccessful.

How far did you get?

Well, I was jumping to the theater from Universal Studios.

That's a long trip.

Tell me about it.

That I can tell you right now that someone should have told you that's far too long for a motorcycle.

Well, no one did.

And I wouldn't hear it from anyone.

And I made it as far as the Ripley's Believe It or Not Museum.

That's so close.

It's very close.

And I don't know whether that was there in 1985.

But you mean where the site where it was.

Where it currently stands.

I'm willing to bet it was there in 1985.

Take it to the internet.

I bet I know someone who might know.

I remember seeing a gigantic dinosaur.

I know I have a friend who worked in that industry that I'll have to ask about that.

You worked in that industry?

Are there any snacks?

The industry of Otter Team Museums?

Well, tourist museums.

But speaking of tourists, we do need to get to our next guest.

Fine.

You asked me a question and I answered it.

Well, I'm not saying that you answered it incorrectly.

Asked and answered.

All right.

He is a tourist to Los Angeles.

Maybe he can tell us about the Ripley's Believe It or Not Museum.

Because maybe he's gone around to some of the tourist sites.

But please welcome to the show, Carmine.

Hi.

Hey, what's good, Shorty?

What's happening?

How you feeling?

I mean, it was good.

Good.

Yeah.

Just came in town from Brooklyn.

I mean, I mean, I bought those from state to state.

Ha ha.

Wear it up.

Yeah.

Can I say before we go too far, we do know what you mean.

Yeah.

That's what I'm saying.

Do you know what I'm saying?

I do know what you're saying.

Make sure everybody knows what I mean.

But anyway, you're from Brooklyn.

Yeah.

BK.

This is Gallian, by the way.

What's good, Shorty?

What's happening?

How you doing, Shorty?

Hello.

Hi.

Nice to meet you, Shorty.

I'm digging the glasses.

You know what I mean?

Thank you so much.

The lighting in here is very unflattering.

Yeah.

I like the lighting in Los Angeles.

You know what I mean?

It's got a good lighting outside.

You know?

It keeps it real bright.

Oh, you mean daylight?

The sun?

Yeah.

That shit, we don't got that in Brooklyn.

You know what I mean?

It's dark.

You know what I'm saying?

It's dark.

I do know.

It's hot.

Yeah.

Well, welcome to our fair state.

Yeah.

No doubt.

You know, I'm just doing a couple things with the Hollywood Boulevard today.

Oh, that's where that Ripley's Believe It or Not Museum is.

Did you see it?

Word up.

Was there a plaque there that said when it was erected?

Shit, Believe It or Not.

It was 1985, exactly.

Well, there we have it.

Believe It or Not.

I don't believe it.

The expert has spoken.

It got information everywhere.

It's channels all over the tourists, museums, all of that.

They got it all, son.

Yeah.

You know what I'm saying?

I do know what you're saying.

I don't think y'all know what I'm saying.

All right.

Well, go ahead and explain yourself if you need to.

You know what I'm saying?

It's just like this.

You know what's crazy though?

I'll tell you what.

You're Sheevil Knievel.

That's correct.

Yo, you're a legend in New York.

Oh, is that so?

Word up.

That's wonderful to hear.

We on the block.

We be talking about you.

How you try to jump at ground zero.

You know what I'm saying?

It was wild.

We were like, yo, jumping at ground zero.

No way.

No how.

Pre-ground zero.

Yeah.

No, I went back.

Oh, yes.

As a tribute.

But your last jump was in 85.

So you just kind of went back.

I didn't say my last jump was in 85.

Oh, you're like, I just began telling a story.

Oh, okay.

That's right.

You know what I'm saying?

Legends.

I know what you're saying.

Yeah.

So what are you doing while you're here in Los Angeles?

Just seeing the sights.

You know what I mean?

You know what I'm saying?

We was going to, I went to the Ripley's.

Yeah.

You know, I went to the Wax Museum too.

Oh, yeah.

Madame Tussauds.

Oh yeah.

I had a friend who worked there.

Oh yeah.

He might've wasn't in there.

Was he working today?

No, he wasn't.

No, I don't believe he works there any longer, but he was a manager there for several years.

Yeah.

You know who I saw in there?

There was a dude in there that auditioned for Tupac.

He said he was, he auditioned for the Tupac movie.

And I tell you what, this motherfucker look just like Tupac.

Yeah.

And I say, he said, I said, I said, shorty, I said, you know what I mean?

A lot of cats out here, you know, in New York, you know, we like Biggie.

You know what I mean?

Now, Pac's so much.

You know what I'm saying?

Where you said this choked up about this.

Well, you know, I've really missed him, you know, anyway, you know, when you said this to a Tupac impersonator.

Yeah.

I was trying to let him know, you know, I know that people, that people in Brooklyn don't like Tupac.

We, we like, you know, we like Biggie, you know, I don't know if y'all remember, but what can he do about it?

Is his genetics.

Well, cause he looks too much like Tupac.

You know what I mean?

It was freaking me out.

And then, so, but what he told me is that he says he, every time they make a Tupac movie, they, he always come in town.

You know what I mean?

And they all, it'd be like all Tupac lookalikes.

So I, you know, I had to go check that out.

You know what I mean?

Certainly.

Yeah.

Wait.

So what did you check out?

I don't understand.

I had to check out the audition, see the Tupac.

Oh, there was a Tupac movie currently being filmed?

No, I mean, you're right.

It was before that, but that, but so that's what he told me.

He told me I couldn't come cause they already made the movie.

Your story.

You know what I'm saying?

I don't know.

Currently, I didn't know what you were saying up till that point.

And now what I'm saying is I wanted to do that shorty.

You know what I mean?

But I couldn't because the movie was made already.

He said he had all auditioned for it, but so I couldn't go to the audition.

He had all auditioned for it?

He auditioned.

He all auditioned.

Did he get the role?

No, he didn't get it.

Cause then yeah, somebody else got it.

You don't think he was afraid that you were going to get the part over him.

And so he told you that as a, as a, to throw you off the sentence.

Yeah.

Nah shorty.

I would never play Tupac.

You know what I mean?

That's disrespect.

Well, I gotta say you, you look a lot like him.

Yeah.

I mean, you, I mean, it's almost spitting image.

I didn't want to say like you, I mean, you came in here and you have your shirt off and you, I mean, you have like almost the exact same body.

Yeah.

You know what I'm saying?

Well, you know, that's kind of what I'm about.

You know, uh, I got Crohn's disease, so, uh, my stomach hurts and I can't eat certain things.

Now I'm saying that's why I'm on tour right now.

Trying to just see the sights and take my mind, eat the foods, eat different kinds of things.

Cause in New York, the food is killing us shorty.

You know what I mean?

Where you think that you can eat the foods you can't eat in New York because it's in a different state.

Word up, word up.

And it's not going to affect your growth.

I rot dolos from state to state.

Yeah, we heard you.

You know what that means?

No.

I don't know either.

I just say it.

It makes me feel good when I travel.

I rot dolos.

What are the foods that you've enjoyed here in Los Angeles that you can't enjoy in Brooklyn?

Good question, she even evil.

Yo, the, uh, I love me.

You know what I'm saying?

What they got out here, the problem is a lot of, a lot of ethnic foods, you know, and not good for the Crohn's.

You know what I mean?

The Crohn's is all fucked up, but I, uh, I do like sushi.

I had some Hama sushi last night.

My man's took me down to a little Tokyo.

That was a great place.

It was like I was in another country.

You know what I mean?

Yeah, but littler.

Yeah.

You know what I'm saying?

But it was big though.

It was big.

Yeah.

Big time.

Yeah.

Why do they call it a little Tokyo when it's so big?

It is big.

It's a lot going on down there.

You know what I mean?

You could get lost in that motherfuck.

Cause I did.

Did you get lost?

Can I cut us on here?

Yeah, go ahead.

Yeah, feel free.

Did you get lost?

Yeah.

No doubt.

Cause you know, I was trying to find, uh, the sushi restaurant, but it was, you know, it was a lot of them.

Yeah.

Your, your intended place that you were going there for.

Yeah.

It was too many and I was getting lost down there.

It was like, which sushi spot is it?

Did you not know the name?

Uh, well I had to text the homie and he, uh, gave it to me.

It was called Hama.

Hama sushi.

Okay.

Yeah.

Y'all been there?

No, uh, I don't believe I have.

Good fish straight from the ocean, from, you know, the water.

So this is not fish that's, uh, you know, going to a second location before it gets to, right from the ocean, right to the restaurant.

You know what I mean?

What would that just like me, you know, I'm, I'm, I'm not second locations.

I'm traveling.

I go from New York to LA.

Right.

Like me.

You know, and from your house in L or wherever you're staying, your hotel in LA to the sushi place, but you did go to a second location.

You got a little lost.

I mean, did you, did you, did your friend who guided you to the Hama sushi?

Did he know of your condition?

Oh yeah.

What would have everybody in my life got to know?

You know what I'm saying?

That's why, you know, I was glad you let me on here to talk about it and talk about this.

We're not really in your life as much as I love y'all.

Y'all my family.

I have a followup question.

What's good.

Sure.

He was hiding.

Now.

What's good.

Sure.

Let me ask you a question.

Yes.

Please.

I want to get a picture of that here.

That the bird nest.

Cause you know, I love, I love to nest and that, you know what I mean?

I do.

I do carry a picture of the bird nest.

Would you like to see?

Yeah.

No, here it is.

Oh, that was a beautiful, Oh my God.

I man, girl, you don't even know.

But you know what though?

The thing is the other thing with Crohn's disease, I have two issues.

One is that it's not an issue, but something I'm very proud of is that I'm a virgin.

You know what I mean?

Congratulations.

I've never had sex before.

Never.

I've never been touched, never been kissed.

You know what I'm saying?

My book is pretty clean.

You know what I mean?

Oh, it's important to be proud of virtue.

That's right.

So you can ask my followup.

Oh no.

Yeah, go ahead.

Shorty.

Did your friend alert the restaurant of your condition?

Oh, nah, nah, nah.

You mean like call ahead?

Or say something like my friend has Crohn's disease and he'll be dining here at the Hama sushi.

Please Hama, don't hurt him.

Oh, no, Hama would never disrespect me like that.

That's a two part question to get to that.

To get to what?

I wanted to know if he'd alerted the restaurant.

Nah, Shorty.

We just went in there.

We sat down.

Yeah, you sat down.

I get how restaurants are.

I'm glad I asked.

You got to put your name down.

You put your name on it.

I have zero regrets.

You know what's crazy, Shorty?

They write your name in Japanese.

I mean, it's crazy.

I brought dolos from state to state.

Okay.

All right.

Look, I feel like we're glossing over something that you mentioned in passing that I want to dive into a little bit, but you say you're a virgin.

You have never had a relationship with anyone and you've never been touched.

Yeah, never been touched.

You know what I'm saying?

I just really ain't found a girl that I want to give my flower to.

You know what I mean?

Right.

Can't be, you know, just can't...

No, the cats out here be losing that virginity at 12, 13.

You know what I mean?

Yeah.

How old are you?

I'm 48.

You know what I'm saying?

Yeah.

So, you know, I'm just trying to keep it clean.

I'm trying to keep it right.

Yeah.

Come on, may I ask?

Yeah.

No doubt.

Go ahead.

Shoot.

Have you ever come close?

Nah, Shorty.

I mean, I had a couple of make-out sessions.

Not too crazy, you know?

A couple of kisses here and there.

So, wait.

I thought you said you'd never been kissed.

He meant on his penis.

Oh, I see.

Oh, got it.

I think we all understood that, except you.

Yeah, but I guess you got to know what I'm saying.

You know what I'm saying?

That is key.

So, you know, a really big fan of your show, Love.

You know what I mean?

Oh.

You know, that's what I'm about.

You know, I really relate to the Shorty on the show, the young cat.

In the show.

In the show?

Gus.

I don't even know.

Gus.

Oh, yeah, Gus.

Yeah, I fucks with Gus.

You know what I mean?

Yeah.

You fucks with Gus.

Yeah, he seemed like he...

Watch your language.

He seemed like he might be a virgin at some point.

He seemed like he had a hard time, you know, getting rid of his thing.

But...

His flower?

Yeah.

No, he...

I mean, one of the criticisms of that show is that he's getting laid all the time.

Yeah, but you know, it's just TV, you know what I mean?

But I understand where you're coming from.

Okay.

So did you come to Los Angeles to try to get rid of your flower?

No.

So what I'm gonna...

You know, yeah.

I mean, yes.

You know what I'm saying?

Yeah.

It's a thing.

Yeah, it's a yes or no question, and you answered to the affirmative.

I want to do it in the right way.

You know what I'm saying?

Shorty.

Of course I know.

You know what I'm saying?

The lady's an absolutist.

Absolutely.

Yes.

Yeah, I'm just trying to find the right girl, you know?

Sure.

And it just didn't happen in a big case.

What are the qualities you're looking for in a woman?

She gotta be a Shorty, you know what I'm saying?

Can't be Gus.

What does that mean to you? Shorter than you?

Yeah, Shorty, Shorty.

You're very short, I have to say.

Word up, word up.

Blessed God.

You look like Tupac, but at an eight tenth scale.

You're like a Shetland to Tupac.

Yes.

Fuck.

Fuck does that mean?

Fuck you call me Shorty?

Guys, I meant no disparagement.

It's not an insult.

Shetland is a type of horse that's smaller than a regular sized horse.

Okay, alright.

Alright, that's cool.

Okay.

Yeah.

I know it sounds like Shitland or something like that, so I know it can be...

What's your language?

Yeah, you gotta watch what you say in these streets.

You could be looking at a regular dude.

It could be a gorilla, you know what I'm saying?

Like, you know, you'd be in the hood.

What?

I might be in the car with my man, an Uber car.

It might be a lion, you know what I'm saying?

It's a jungle out here.

Wait, you're saying that you might get into an Uber and a lion is driving it?

Word, that's exactly what I'm saying.

I rock don't loads from state to state.

Ha ha, word up.

Just because it hasn't happened to you doesn't mean it's never happened.

Correct.

Scotty.

I beg your pardon.

So you're about 4'11", I'm guessing.

Like, I used to work at a carnival, so I guess height and weight.

So you're about 4'11", and you're approximately 87 pounds, it looks like?

Yeah, no doubt.

Yeah, yeah.

So you're looking for someone shorter than you.

Yeah, you know, shorter.

You know, she gotta be trustworthy.

I gotta, you know, she's gotta be open and honest.

You know, honesty is the best policy, you know what I mean?

Yeah.

So sorry.

I'm honest about my cough.

Yeah, I respect that.

Thank you.

You know what I'm saying?

If you got something going on in the throat, you gotta clear it out, you know?

I do know.

So what steps are you taking to procure a relationship?

You know, well first, you know, just traveling.

So, you know, that's the first step.

Well, it's a great way to meet people because if you just stay in your apartment, Right.

then how are you ever going to meet someone?

What about dating apps?

Nah, shorty, I don't really fuck with that because, you know, I don't like, I don't like apps.

You don't like any apps?

Nah, I don't really like apps or I don't like cell phones really.

Do you have a cell phone or?

Yeah, I have to only because I travel somewhere.

Because you get lost.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Because, you know, little Tokyo was wild.

Like what's the name of the sushi place?

But my phone had died, you know?

Yeah.

When I was in little Tokyo and it was crazy.

That's what I was like.

Well, you could have a flip phone and then you wouldn't have to have any apps on your phone.

Yeah, that's true.

I'm gonna think about that.

Okay.

Yeah, think about it for a while.

So, so, uh, you don't like dating apps.

You barely like phones.

Yeah.

You know what I'm saying?

Cats be trying to track you shorty.

You know what I mean?

I know exactly what you mean.

Celebrities.

Y'all know what I'm saying.

Very true.

Can I ask, is there an age range that you're looking for?

Because we have a, uh, uh, an eligible woman here.

How do you know?

I'm assuming from your, from your personality.

Well, if that isn't the part calling the kettle.

I mean, she, I, you know, she looked like Bodequa, you know, like she got a little Puerto Rican going on in there.

I feel you shorty.

Yeah.

You know?

Yeah.

I don't have no, I'm not the age.

I like all ages, you know, shapes and sizes, you know, but not as long as they're not too tall, you know?

But, uh, the word up is he's six two.

Yeah, that's true.

But I, but you know, if you, if you were standing on your head, then maybe she would be shorter.

What?

Yo, that's some good logic bombs dropping jewels.

Yo, I got a cousin locked up.

He has some same knowledge like that.

He would tell me that he would drop jewels like that all the time.

You know, you know, I shouldn't have smoked that before.

That's what I'm saying.

You know, it's like the, uh, a lot of cats.

You'd be looking at a regular dude.

He might be a genius, you know, he might be an animal.

He might be, might be a lion.

Yeah.

You never know what the Uber is going to hold for you that we call life.

Word up.

Well, Carmine, you're a fascinating guy.

I feel like we've just scratched the surface.

Oh yeah.

Of what you're about.

So I'm wondering if you can stick around.

We need to go to a break, but do you mind staying here with Lavinia and galleon here, uh, uh, in, in, in come back in our next segment and, uh, we'll find out a little more about you.

Is that all right?

I appreciate that.

And the word up.

Yeah, I'll do that.

Word up.

Yes, you will do that.

Okay, great.

We were going to go to a break.

We'll be right back.

Right.

Mac.

With more galleon Jacobs's comedy bangs, Scott Okerman's bang after this comedy bang, bang.

We're back here.

Gally and Jacobs, uh, Ibiza on Netflix.

Now you can certainly watch that, uh, uh, at your leisure.

Uh, please do take your time with it.

You know, watch it whenever you feel like it.

Watch it at half speed to make it really last.

That's an interesting point.

We also have, uh, Lavinia Marsh Crothers, AKA, Schievel Knievel.

Adam Knievel is here and we have our good friend Carmine here.

Who's yeah.

Who's a tourist and has seems to have about three catchphrases that he rotates through.

Okay.

Now I'm just gonna go in.

Okay.

I'm sorry.

I can't wait any longer.

I'm just gonna go in.

I'm sorry.

Hey Scott.

Okay.

Hey other people.

I'm so sorry.

Hi.

Okay.

Um, I know I've been trying to reach you though, Scott.

I've been trying to reach you for so long and I'm just, I'm sick of waiting.

I'm sorry.

I have more, more houses to go to on my route.

I'm sorry.

Yeah, no, I recognize you.

You're my name is E dream.

I'm your postal worker.

E dream vignette.

We've never spoken in person, but I have seen you many times.

I've been to your house.

I have met your wife.

I have pet both of your dogs.

Oh, you have.

Yeah, but you are never home.

You must work very hard and I have so many packages for you that you have to sign for.

Okay.

Um, sorry about that.

I have to be about on my roof.

So you followed me here to work?

I didn't follow you.

I know where you work.

Okay.

E dream.

Is that what it is?

E dream vignette.

Is that E dash dream?

It's E capital D R E A L.

Is it a lowercase?

Lowercase E.

Lowercase E capital D or E a M R E a M.

Okay, great.

Uh, E dream.

Yeah, Scott.

So I have all these packages.

Okay.

So you want me to sign through the, okay.

I'm sorry.

I don't understand why you've been avoiding me after the show.

Some of these are spoiled.

There is food in here.

Oh, is this one of my sponsors to send me the, you ordered, you ordered freeze dried steaks.

Oh yeah.

And they just went bad.

Yeah.

I ordered that at three in the morning.

Cause I would not let cool off sign for them.

So just let go.

No, it is your name.

It is addressed to, you can have sensitive material in there.

You can have test results in there.

You know, what's in there.

You know that it's freeze dried steaks.

Because if you took the time to know your postal worker, you will know that I am very famous for my online unboxing videos.

You don't even know this about me.

I'm a viral star.

I'm repped by CAA.

I did not know that that's a CAA.

I'm more of a UTA person, but wait, you're repping.

Yeah.

Oh wow.

Wait, Gilead and galleon is too?

Get out of that box.

Whatever.

I'm CAA three arts all day.

Three arts.

She's all boxed up shorty.

She should be unboxed.

E dream.

Can you unbox galleon please?

Absolutely.

Why'd you put this lady in a box?

I don't, you know, I would unbox her, but I got to film it for my YouTube channel.

Yeah, go ahead.

Do you have a, do you mind filming this?

Can you turn on your camera, sir?

Do you have a camera app on your phone?

Oh no.

Yes, thank goodness you don't have a flip phone yet.

I normally don't do this without the proper lighting, but I will make an exception.

The lighting in here is very bad.

The lighting in here is terrible.

I've been saying it for years.

So you went into a box to get away from the lighting?

You put me in this box.

Why'd you put her in a box?

I'll be wild out here.

So she wouldn't complain.

Go ahead and unbox.

Okay.

So like when I do an unboxing video, I'll be like, Hey, YouTube, what's up?

It's your girl, E dream vignette.

And it's vignette because you know, you only get a slice of me for a moment in a short window of time.

So I got this piece of mail.

It's from a gentleman on my route.

I would deliver it to him, but it just looked so fun.

So I'm going to unbox it right here for you.

So here's the outside of the box.

It's a box.

It's Brown.

I'm going to get a box cutter.

I'm going to cut this tape.

I'm going to open it up.

Oh, look, a white lady.

Hi.

Thank you so much.

Y'all can hit me up.

My Venmo is E dream vignette bucks dot news.

That news E dream.

So you're so you, so these are popular.

I'm a viral star.

How have you not seen me?

Do you not watch the internet?

I've turned on the internet occasionally, but I guess I haven't flipped through that channel.

So wait, you're unboxing my mail.

Maybe I haven't done yours yet.

I can't keep track.

I have over seven houses.

I visit every day.

Eight over seven.

I didn't say how much.

No, I was asking.

Oh, I'm sorry, ma'am.

I'm sorry.

I came in here hot because I'm mad at Scott because he does not acknowledge me even though we have made eye contact through his head just thrice.

I look, I mean, you seem like a lot.

Well, so is your mail.

You got a whole outdoor rug out there that I had to drag up here to the fourth floor.

An outdoor rug?

It's different than a regular rug because it's waterproof or something.

Hey, yo, shorty.

What's up with them steaks, though?

Like it is that's where you get them from.

They gone bad.

Can you eat those with your Crohn's disease?

Grass fed.

You know what I'm saying?

Because, you know, I need my cows, right?

You got to treat them with respect.

All that part of Crohn's disease is treating cows, right?

Yeah.

Oh, my cousin got lupus.

Oh, word.

Damn.

Rest.

Oh, yeah.

No, he good.

He alive.

Yeah, that's wild, shorty.

Right?

Yeah.

The man.

He had it for a minute, though.

This is, by the way, this is Carmine.

What up, Carmine?

Hey, what's up, shorty?

What's good?

It's good.

OK, so.

Can I can I ask?

Yeah.

Can I can I ask, uh, Adrian?

You seem you seem rather diminutive in stature.

Are you under 4-11?

Uh, no, I'm 50 years old.

Oh, I know I don't.

Well, that would still be under 4-11 if I was asking about your age.

I'm asking about your height.

I thought you were asking me in a funny way if I was 40 and plus 11, which is 51.

Oh, OK.

That would be fun.

Because you're a funny man.

I've gathered from your mail.

You ordered 12 whoopee cushions at once.

You ordered funny style mail.

You ordered 30 rubber chickens.

To be fair, these are cushions for Whoopee Goldberg that she sits on in The View.

Why would you be ordering so many cushions for Whoopee Goldberg?

I watched The View and I'm like, it's not for her.

I guess these are the styles.

Whoopee watching cushions.

You ordered Whoopee watching cushions?

Oh, understood.

So I mean, how tall are you or how conversely, how short are you?

Well, when I take off my pumps, I guess I'm about I guess I'm about three foot eight.

Three foot eight.

Now, shorty.

Oh, shit.

What?

Y'all gonna make fun of me for my size?

No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.

It's perfect.

It's the perfect size is what I'm trying to say.

OK, good.

Yeah.

I get discriminated against all the time because people are like, that mailbag is bigger than you.

How you drive that open sided truck?

And I'm like, don't worry about it.

I can go to my seven houses or eight.

Exactly.

They're all spread out, too.

It takes me all day.

You think like a restaurant, you know, like like they would put the waiter, you know, in charge of a section that's where all the tables are together.

But you know, you're going to houses just all over the state.

I got to pick.

I've heard you can't pick your friend's nose, but you got to pick your houses.

You can pick your friend's nose.

It's nasty.

Scott, who told you that?

You know, I've heard that.

Pick your friend's nose.

If you're truly friends.

Y'all think it's nasty to eat someone's milk after they ate cereal out of it.

You know what I'm saying?

Like, eat somebody else's milk.

So like I say, Shorty was eating milk and then she finished the cereal, but it was milk left over and then you drank that milk.

Why don't you just go drink some regular milk?

Because it's cereal flavored.

Oh, that's smart.

Waste not want not.

Momofuku did cereal milk flavored soft serve.

Word?

Yeah.

Oh, snap.

Where's that?

I got to go.

I got to go on my next course.

Oh, what?

They have one in Williamsburg, Brooklyn.

Oh, I don't know that Brooklyn.

We just give them restaurant recommendations now.

That ain't my Brooklyn.

Yeah.

Do you have any?

What do you got?

How many Brooklyn's do you know, Carmine?

Well, I guess I like Buca di Beppo's.

Oh, Buca di Beppo's?

I like Buca di Beppo's.

It's fun.

I like macaroni grill because you could draw on the table.

Macaroni grill.

They give you crayons.

You could draw your name on the table because the waitress draw her name on the table.

And I was like, how about me, though?

So I took the crayons and I drew my name back.

And we was having a drawing conversation.

Wow.

It was like a draw off.

It was like a draw.

It was like, oh, so you guys tied.

Yeah.

Nobody won.

OK.

Edream, are you a fan of Maggiano's restaurant?

I've been to Maggiano's.

It's pretty good.

They bring you too much food.

It's very fun.

They do.

It's bad for you.

It's terrible.

They can they bring out a garbage can lid just full of Italian food.

One time I had a toboggan full of chili cheese fries.

And Maggiano's?

Yeah, it was winter themed.

It was a winter solstice theme.

Anyway, Scott, there are so many waterproof pairs of jeans that you have ordered.

And I need you to sign for them.

OK, I'm sorry.

Yeah.

They might be waterproof, but I wouldn't order it because of that.

You definitely ordered them because you're trying to, are you trying to go fly fishing but still look like a hip club dude?

I mean, that's partially true.

Yeah.

Let me sign for all of these.

Let's just go through them here.

Like, what do we got here?

Oh, OK.

You want to go through them?

Yeah.

You want to go through all the items?

Yeah.

Let me just sign for this one.

OK.

The waterproof jeans.

Yeah.

You also got five pounds of bulk MSG.

Yeah.

Oh, shit.

You also got the 30 used snorkels, the mouth part only.

You got the edible body glitter.

OK.

You got the edible arrangements.

Yeah.

You got the three live betta fish, which I'm guessing you about to eat.

Yeah.

You got 13 jars of bread and butter pickle spears.

Yep.

You got the score to the, the, mm.

Yeah.

The score to the movie The Score.

Yep.

Yeah.

You got 10, 13 going on 30 Blu-rays.

And you got a...

Well, to be fair, I have 100 and 130 going on 130.

Wait.

Is how I do the math.

Is this one of the 4-11 things again?

Well, I have 10, 13 going on 30.

So I have 100 going on 130.

Yo, I have one of them edible arrangements.

That tore my stomach up.

Yeah.

I can hear, hear Carmine here.

We need to get your blood sugar up here.

Yeah.

What?

No, I don't want an edible arrangement.

I can't, I can't eat that.

Oh, you can't eat that.

Oh, I'm sorry.

You want an inedible arrangement or?

What other food did you have in there?

Steaks.

It was like an old steak.

Everything's spoiled though.

Yeah.

It's old now.

But maybe that's good for your Crohn's disease.

Yeah.

I got to do more research on Crohn's disease, but I know that I can't eat.

I ate the...

You've been living with this for how many years?

48?

Four years.

Yeah.

When it was diagnosed.

42.

Yeah.

You're 48.

Yes.

How old am I now?

So wait, did you take a couple of years off?

Look, man, I don't, I don't go to the doctor like that.

Just, it started happening and then it happened.

Yeah.

It was popping.

So real quick, you know, Shorty, I know you little Shorty for real.

So, um, I'm gonna kind of shoot my shot if you don't mind, Scott.

Oh yeah.

Shoot your shot.

Yeah, please.

What is happening?

Edream, if you, if you don't mind, this is our good friend Carmine.

He's from Brooklyn.

It feels like you just met his ass right now.

But I want to preface this all by saying I've often found love on this program.

So, yes, I mean, Gally and I think had three husbands out on this show.

So magical things can happen.

How do y'all even know I'm single?

We don't.

Are you single?

I don't remember.

Okay.

Then I think you might be.

I like that.

You know what I mean?

So, uh, what I want to say is that you look at, okay.

What is happening?

My word.

A proposal?

This is very exciting.

On my mail route?

My name is Carmine.

I traveled the world.

You know, I've been all over.

So I'm saying I've been to Brooklyn and then I've been to LA.

That's all over.

But I, and from state to state, you do what?

I also rock dolos from state to state.

And, um, and what I found in them dolos is that low love is rare.

When you meet somebody that you feel like you got a chance to share life with them, you take that opportunity, you know what I mean?

And I think you seem like the one of the most greatest persons in the world.

You look like, um, you kind of look like Gloria Estefan.

Uh, with a postal outfit on.

But, um, I played her in the musical about her life.

What?

Get on your feet.

It was me.

Oh my God.

In the original cast or?

Yeah, I was in the, I was in the original cast because it was stunt casting, you know, because of my viral success, which you refuse to acknowledge.

I'm acknowledging it.

So if you don't, I, but before I propose, I want you to know that I am a virgin.

I never had sex before.

I'm a grown man.

And that's something I take a lot of pride in.

I also never had watermelon before.

Never touched it.

So, um, because of the crones or because I'm a black man.

So in principle, just try to stay away from the stereotype.

Yeah.

Look what?

Okay.

I'm not opposed to finding love in a, uh, a soundproof place.

But, um, tell me why.

That's my favorite Rihanna song.

It's my favorite.

Um, I thought it was, we fell in love watching office space.

Is that not the lyrics?

That Michael Bolton is really funny.

But here's what I want to know, because it is very important to me to, uh, like food culture is very important to me because I travel around on my route.

A new detail.

Yeah.

I stretch them out.

You don't get it all at once with E-Dream.

I'm just a little vignette.

You get a little vignette to my personality.

Great.

So food culture, very important.

Very important that I like to go to different restaurants.

Cause I'd be traveling all around on my route to get to those seven or eight houses.

I need to eat like five or six meals in between that.

So what foods like on a real, real level, like on a real, like no bullshit level, what foods can yo sick ass eat?

I, for real.

All right.

So basically I could, it would be easier for me to tell you what I can't eat.

We already heard so many though.

I want to know a food that you can eat.

Well, I can't, I do, I can eat pasta.

I can eat that.

You can eat pasta.

Yeah.

Just like plain.

So, you know, bucadabepo.

Okay.

This is good.

Yeah.

What's your language?

Bucadabepo.

That's Spanish for the basement.

I'm sorry, ma'am.

You do seem very regal.

I'm sorry to come in here with all this crassness.

Not at all, E-Dream.

I find you very delightful.

Oh, thank you so much.

You need to guest on my unboxing channel one time.

I would love to.

Okay.

We'll have you open something sticky.

A box of motorcycle tires?

Sure.

Continue, Carmine.

Continue.

What can you eat?

You can eat pasta.

I can eat pasta.

You know what I mean?

I can eat sushi.

And I just found that out a couple of days ago.

Shout out to Hama.

You talking about sushi?

Yeah, sushi.

I love sushi.

You like sushi, shorty?

I love sushi.

You like sushi, shorty?

This shorty likes sushi because sometimes it's, you know, you need something that can quench your thirst.

That's right.

Cause that shit's juicy.

I love the juicy, shorty because it's better than like a cooked.

It's like eating and drinking at the same time.

Right.

No doubt.

Word up.

Right.

What else?

Yeah.

And that's about it.

So sushi and pasta are the two things you can eat.

All right.

Well, that's still, that's a wide swath.

I mean, that's good.

There's nary a vegetable in there, but, uh, yeah, I can eat that too.

But you know, that goes without saying, anyone can eat vegetables no matter what they have.

That's probably what we all should be doing.

Yeah.

Okay.

So vegetables, sushi, pasta.

Okay.

We can work with that.

Yeah.

All right.

Will you marry me?

Car my car, my car.

No, no, this is normal.

I can't have sex with her if I don't get married.

Oh, is that what?

Oh, that's the reason why I'm a.

This is normal.

This happens to me a lot on my roots.

Well, is that true?

You get proposed to a lot weekly, sometimes once or twice a year, even because you were queen.

Can I ask you a dream?

Would you like to unbox his heart?

Oh, that was so poetic.

Thank you very much.

Have you been sitting on that for a few minutes?

Yeah.

We all shouted.

I've been wanting to get in there and I finally chose my moment.

Waiting for a time for us to shut up.

I think you have to just barge in and make the moment happen as I've done to great success.

That's what I chose to do.

Look, uh, sure.

Let's unbox his heart.

Can somebody film it?

Sure.

I'd be happy to.

Yeah, great.

Yeah.

Galen, get your phone out there.

When we say unbox my heart, we're talking about sex.

Not open heart surgery.

No, we're just talking to poetically about like, you'll go on a date.

That's not what he thought you meant.

I thought you thought it was sex.

I thought we were gonna film us having sex just now.

I could do that.

I thought we were gonna get the claws, you know, the jaws of death out.

I have to put my sunglasses back on.

Something's happening.

We could just go on a date, whatever, you know.

Jaws of death.

The claws of life and the jaws of death.

Maybe we just need to go on a date or something because this is all movement.

Yeah.

Where would you like to go on a date?

If you go on a date, we'll pay for it.

So we're.

Oh, okay.

Okay, we gotta dream big.

Okay.

Yeah.

I don't know.

Fuck state to state.

That's what it means.

Is there a pasta slash vegetable slash sushi restaurant that you're fond of?

Okay, let's think about it.

What makes delicious pasta and also you trust eating sushi from?

Maybe like a cheesecake factory?

That's what I was thinking.

Cheesecake factory.

They have a large menu.

Yeah, we got that in Brooklyn.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

I love cheesecake.

Cheesecake is a New York thing that New York was like.

Sure.

Yeah.

Oh, wait.

Hold on.

I'm not moving to Brooklyn though.

Is that a deal breaker?

Damn shorty.

I mean.

You're already here.

You wearing the hat.

Yeah.

This is this is all I got is this hat.

I keep it low on my eyes because I don't want people to see how my feelings.

But you're crying.

It looks like.

Yeah.

You know, I mean, it's hard to say to say goodbye to Brooklyn.

To Brooklyn.

Yeah.

But you know, some real you know, I'm a grown man.

I've been more than grown.

You're like getting up there.

You're middle aged.

Yeah.

You know, depending on when you're going to die.

And I think that's so true.

Scott, it's important that I, you know, find love, you know.

Shout out to your TV show.

Thank you so much.

And Gus.

Yeah.

You folks.

Shout out to Gus.

Yeah.

And you know, I'll make that choice for you.

Yeah.

Okay.

Now see that is true love.

I ain't a tourist no more.

Ain't no more dolos no more.

You're rocking him in one state.

State one state baby.

Yeah.

One state shout out to the state of California.

And soon the state of matrimony.

Perhaps the greatest unboxing of all.

I unboxed a man from his home to have him live in another place.

Well, this is fantastic.

Congratulations.

I just remembered.

Oh yes.

I am an ordained minister.

If you'd like to get married.

And I'll be a witness.

Okay.

I just got to send like two, three texts.

Cause these people are not getting their mail today.

Oh, you just text your.

I just, yeah, I just texted him.

I'm like, Hey, yeah.

Why are you ignoring my texts all the time when I don't bring in your mail?

I don't, I don't know you.

And I didn't know.

Ain't you like, where are my weather veins?

Okay.

Now, now it's all making sense.

Cause you just texted me help, help, help.

And I don't know.

I was like, who is this?

And then you weren't getting back to me.

Um, okay.

So, um, should we, should we do this?

Yes.

Okay.

I know that's your responsibility to say, should we do this?

Oh, or should that person harmony, something, something come and do the wedding ceremony?

It wasn't Reverend parsimony.

I don't know.

We have a Lavinia Marska brothers here.

I don't think I don't know.

I, I, I remember him from, I got married on this program.

Who was that too?

Again?

I can't remember.

Ellen thick or.

Uh, Gary Marshall.

One of the two, I'm sure.

I don't how'd it go?

Well, one of them got sent to another dimension.

Yeah.

And then the other one got sent to another dimension as well.

From dimension to dimension, dimension, dimension.

All right, let's do this.

Real quick.

Los Cienzo real quick.

What's your last name?

Carmine woods.

Mm.

I'm gonna keep mine.

Okay.

Go ahead.

Are you doing taps?

Do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do.

Is this the way duets work?

It's where both people sing both parts at the same time.

Dear live.

We are gathered here today in the site of these microphones to witness the blessed union of Carmine and Edrea.

What's up?

What's up to all my fans?

Marriage is a sacred institution not to be entered into lightly.

Some may say it's the greatest stunt of them all.

And you will not escape it alive if everything goes according to plan.

That's right.

Enough pleasantries.

I understand you've written your own vows.

Absolutely.

Every day I write vows just in case.

Yeah, I got vows in my pocket.

Here, let me get it.

You've been rocking vows from state.

I gotta get ready when you stay ready.

You want to go first, ma?

Oh, I guess I do.

And why don't you go ahead, shorty?

What a gentleman.

Death will grip me one day, but air it do that.

I hope to meet a man who sees me for who I am.

He sees through this uniform and sees the tender person inside.

He sees past these box cutters that I hold in both hands at all times to fend off neighborhood dogs.

I was going to say you're like an Edward Scissorhands kind of look.

I never take them out of my hands.

I thought postal carriers did like little treats and things like that.

It really was box cutters.

No, I go on the offensive.

You will not play me today.

You have one tape to each finger as well.

Yes, Freddy Krueger.

It comes in handy.

Back to my vows, which I wrote this morning.

Today looks like a nice day.

The weather is overcast.

I hope I find love.

Traffic is thick.

I'm going to get in the car.

Maybe I'll listen to the radio.

Maybe I'll listen to Spotify.

I love Spotify.

I love love songs.

I can't find any parking.

This is more like a diary entry.

I don't know.

This is not reading like balance.

Or should I just go join a yoga retreat?

White ladies could just do yoga instead of therapy, and that makes me jealous.

Oh, well, I should get my hair redid.

And then I met you.

Oh, man.

Pretty short day.

Well, you know, shorty, for a long time, I've been alone, you know.

The only thing that could get me through this time was the Wu Tang album Double Disc CD.

And until I met you, I can't eat chicken wings no more.

I can't eat ramen.

I can't eat anything spicy.

And it was a heartbreaking thing.

But when I met you, I realized that my virginity is going away very soon.

And I can't wait to give you my flower.

He's doing it now.

Give it to you forever.

And to hold and to hold and to hope and to love and to cherish.

And that's how I feel.

Oh, I do.

I mean, by the power vested in me, you know what I'm saying?

Is it vested or invested?

Vested.

It's a classier way of saying invested.

We married.

Now, I mean, yeah, by the power vested in me by the emergency room of Cedars-Sinai Hospital.

I now pronounce you man and wife.

Yeah.

May kiss the bride.

I can't believe we got married by Siva Knievel.

Yeah.

Congratulations.

That's what I all say.

Yeah.

I would suggest kissing the bride like Siva asked you to before.

Yeah.

So go ahead.

Yeah.

Let them do it when they feel like it's Scott.

Not it's like it's like an order.

I guess it's just meddling people's marriages.

Do you?

Scott, she said you may.

True.

Not you must.

You may not.

I've never been to a wedding, though, where the person says you may kiss the bride.

And they said, nah.

Yeah.

We pass on that.

We're not romantics.

Yeah.

You know, we just met, you know what I mean?

Yeah.

That'd be crazy.

Like, we're just suddenly going to kiss.

Like, give us some time.

You're right.

Go out to Cheesecake Factory tonight.

See how it goes.

Yeah.

And if it doesn't work out, come back here and Siva will give you a divorce.

Yeah.

No doubt.

I also do an omen.

I respect that.

Yeah.

Okay.

Great.

Well, congratulations, you guys.

Thank you so much.

We're running out of time here.

We just have time for one last thing on the show, and that's a little something called Plugs.

Waking up.

Plugs to my left and plugs to my right.

I can't remember what happened last night.

To tell the truth, the plugs run my life.

How can I kick the habit when the plugs feel so right?

So it's one more plug for old time's sake.

One more plug while I'm still awake.

One more plug just to kill the pain.

Oh, okay.

Good.

That was my plug struggle by Cardin and the Limits.

Why wasn't it my pluggle?

That's a good point.

It's more fun.

Or my puggle.

Oh, by the way, we do need more plug themes.

This is not happening in a long time, but we have to solicit.

We're running out, I guess, on the website.

Do you think people aren't submitting them because they're afraid the guests of the program will make fun of them?

Possibly, but that's part of the fun.

Thanks to Cardin and the Limits, if you want to hear your plug theme played on this show, go head on over to the Earwolf message boards and the Comedy Bang Bang message boards posted in the appropriate thread and you can be famous for a week.

All right, guys, what are we plugging?

Gillian?

I'm plugging a bethah.

And you can watch it right now or at any point in perpetuity.

Correct.

On Netflix.

And will there be a sequel?

There should be.

A shequel.

Because three women are the leads.

Okay.

All right.

Carmine, what do you want to plug here?

Oh, you just want to plug out for, you know, dot dot dot W Crohn's Foundation because for it's to help people with Crohn's disease be more educated about it because I myself still learning.

So yeah, it sounds like you haven't visited this site because I want the site to do well.

So it stays up so you can read it?

Yeah, yeah.

Because if it goes away before I look at it, I'm gonna spend a lot of bad nights, you know.

Much like the ones you've been having.

You don't want to be like me, you know, my whole process is trial and error.

I'm like eating stuff and having a hard time.

Yeah, it's the Michael Richards approach.

Right.

Wear it out.

I'm gonna help you keep a notebook from now on.

Oh, okay.

Great.

You sure?

Love you.

I'll be out there.

Yeah, but okay.

Lavinia Marsh Carruthers, AKA Shevel Knievel.

What do you want to play?

I have a huge announcement to make.

Oh, what was that?

Hey guys, sorry.

Can I come in?

Hey, Scott.

Hi.

Oh, Paul and Duncan!

Hi guys!

Paul and Duncan!

Hi, how are you?

Oh my goodness.

I've been seeing you forever.

How are you doing?

It's so wonderful to see you.

E-Dream.

I reached out to your reps to be in one of my videos.

You didn't respond.

I'm sorry.

I get so many requests to do unboxing videos.

I'm sure it's the reps fault though.

It is absolutely reps fault.

UTAFAM.

And IDPR.

What are you doing here?

Do you, uh?

Oh, I just, uh, I just wanted to come by and unplug some things.

Is that okay?

Is this a bad time?

Well, Lavinia was in the middle of a huge announcement.

Rude old man.

Not quite as old as you, but he looks terrible.

Plug, go ahead and Paul some things.

I mean the opposite.

Um, okay.

Uh, well, uh, if you're going to be in Portland, I'm going to be doing, uh, live wire radio on June 1st.

Oh, that's by Luke Burbank.

I'll be there this Friday.

Yeah.

It's this coming Friday and I'll be there with, uh, open Mike Eagle as a matter of fact.

Very exciting.

And, uh, July, uh, for July, who writes the recaps of the show?

Yeah.

He told me to say that on July 14th, I'm going to be, um, bringing spontaneous nation live to the, we, the people improv festival in improv festival in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.

You're my hometown and bringing Eugene Cordero, uh, Tony Newsome and little Janet Varney.

I hear myself developing a cold as I'm speaking.

Yeah.

This is very strange, but yeah, within the last, this is happening live.

I'm getting a cold.

So I'd like to plug that.

Fuck it.

We'll do it live.

And then, uh, in August, I think it's August 9th.

I'll be bringing spontaneous nation live to the Detroit improv festival returning there.

With, uh, the same people, Eugene, uh, Tony and Janet, the spawn Torco.

Is that the one that Mark Evan Jackson, uh, has something to do with the Detroit improv?

He has very little to do with it.

He tells people about it and then does not get involved in the booking.

Like, if you want to say, Hey, can you help me figure out like who, who to book as a guest, he will go silent on an email.

Yeah, absolutely.

So I don't know why people think that he has anything to do with it.

He brags about it all.

Yeah, he does.

He likes to mention it.

He doesn't like to help out with it.

Well, Detroit's is where he's from.

I think he's very proud.

I don't think I can go to all those shows.

Were you invited?

Yeah, but I mean, otherwise, why would you be plugging them?

Not for you, for the listening audience.

I assumed it was for the listener.

Oh, I thought you were just telling me about these.

If you don't know who these are for, why don't you get out?

All right.

I'm sorry.

Oh gosh.

Bye Paul.

Uh, okay.

And, uh, uh, I want to plug, uh, what about my exciting announcement?

What's your announcement?

Oh, nevermind.

You've ruined it.

Oh God.

This is too bad.

Come back and tell us.

We'll see.

Yeah, we will see.

I want to plug, uh, let's see.

We have, uh, my other shows.

Are You Talking REM Re Me?

That I do with Adam Scott.

That comes out on Wednesdays and Threedom, uh, comes out on Thursdays with, uh, Paul, who just left and Lauren Lapkus.

We, uh, to get that, go to stitcherpremium.com slash threedom.

I'm sorry.

It's behind the paywall.

Currently, um, use offer code threedom for a free month.

Uh, Edrium, do you have something to plug?

Um, yeah.

So when I'm on my postal route, I'll be listening to this podcast.

It's called Yo, Is This Racist?

They got a new co-host and it's very fun to just listen to what things are and are not racist.

Yeah.

So you can listen to that.

It comes out every Wednesday cause you have questions.

Uh, I also going to be following this band around this summer, so you can, you can look for, um, um, tour dates at tawnynewsom.com, but, um, they're going to be playing in Chicago on the 16th of June at the, is that a day?

No.

Yes.

The 16th of June is a day.

That's a Saturday.

They're going to be at the hideout.

And then on Sunday they're going to be in the Pritzker Pavilion opening for Robert Plant.

So if you like what Zeppelin, For La Souls.

For De La Soul?

Yeah, De La Soul.

De La Soul.

Yeah.

I've been following around De La Soul.

They're opening for Robert Plant.

I would see that, Bill.

I would love that show.

If you see Robert Plant, tell him Lavinia says hello.

Oh, I will indeed.

I'm going to see him on.

Did he jump your canyon?

This is the rudest yet.

Let's close up the old plug bag.

What a bag.

It's time to open it.

What a bag.

It's time to open it.

It's time to open the bag.

All right.

Five months down with that theme.

Only seven more to go.

And guys, I want to thank you so much, Galley.

So great to see you again.

It's always our pleasure to have you on.

Come back more often, please.

I would love to.

Well, now that I'm co-hosting.

Yes.

When I say that, I mean, see you next week.

Yes.

And Lavinia, Mars Crothers.

Even though you're a bit of a pill, it's very nice.

How dare you.

Very nice to make your acquaintance.

And Carmine and Edream.

I'm very into this.

I'm shipping you guys hard, so I hope it works out.

What were you guys whispering about during the closing of the plug bags theme?

We were wondering what your wedding gift to us was going to be.

Whether or not I was going to have to deliver it to myself.

I believe it.

Yeah, I believe I'm going to.

Yeah, I hope it's some plates.

I'm not going to just hand it to you when you're at my house.

I'm going to put it in the box that you then have to deliver it to your own house.

Well, I will be there to sign for it, unlike you.

Okay.

And you will hope it's plates.

Yeah, we need plates.

For what?

To eat what, Hoffa?

To eat food on.

Yeah.

Like what food?

Pasta?

Pasta and sushi.

Obviously.

We're going to go get that.

We're going to go home and we're going to talk about some things.

We bought a house.

What?

Yeah.

We're whispering about real estate.

Oh my God.

Eagle Rock.

Yeah.

Oh my gosh.

What's your phone number there?

Is it 555-5555?

It's 773-282-LURDA.

Oh, sorry.

No, that's Gillian's number.

Oh yeah, we didn't get it yet.

Well, congratulations to the happy couple.

This is exciting.

All my marriages.

Thank you.

Thank you so much.

Uncomedy bang bang went so well.

Everybody hit your thigh.

Hit your thigh, everybody.

Until next week, we're going to keep doing this.

So we'll see you one week from now.

We're all just hitting our thighs.

We'll see you next time.

Thanks.

Bye.

This has been an Earwolf production executive produced by Scott Ockerman, Chris Bannon, and Colin Anderson.

For more information and content, visit Earwolf.com.
