---
layout: page
title: 549. Jessica St. Clair, Lennon Parham, Brian Huskey, Paul Scheer [59003⧸].mp3.wav
category: cbb 
---

♪ To err is human, to grr canine.

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

Ah, yes, thank you to a picture of a tractor for that catchphrase submission.

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang for another edition.

This is a very special edition, I have to say.

Uh, moms and proms season, uh, right before grads and dads.

I don't exactly know where we are, but, uh, we are certainly, uh, in one of those.

And the one that I'm talking about is prom.

That's right.

We are coming here live from Marina Del Rey High School.

Woo!

The gymnasium, uh, out next to the field, uh, approximately 500 yards from the track.

We are here live from the prom of Marina Del Rey High School, and, uh, I'm here with our old friend Marissa Wampler.

Hello, Marissa!

Hello, and welcome to the best night of your life!

Of my life?

That's right!

I've lived a- oh, gosh, here we go.

Woo!

By the way, I'm Scott Aukerman, your host for today, and, uh- Who cares?

Oh!

Hey!

Hey, Wobsters!

Welcome to our prom-tacular!

I've got a very special night planned for you guys, and also for Mr. Choctaw, who will be attending his first prom.

I have been to a couple of proms.

Come on!

When I was actually in high school, I'm not attending this prom.

Yes, you are, because- You called me- no, you called me and you said, uh, you know, come to the prom and you can do a live remote podcast from it, which is- And what did you say?

I said yes.

I said, come to the prom, and you said?

Well, I mean, you put an ellipsis in there.

I said yes.

And you said yes!

But there was a whole bit in between there where you said, and you can do a live remote podcast.

As well, but you said yes, and so you are by date, sir, to this prom.

Ahh.

So welcome to your first prom experience.

I'm telling you, I went to a couple of proms when I was actually in high school.

Sure, sure you did.

Is this some kind of thing where you ask a celebrity to take you to the prom and- No, if I was asking a celebrity, I would have asked Dwayne The Rock Johnson, but I could get his PR contact info in time.

In time. You did get it, though?

I did get it, and I will be- listen, I'm not going to graduate. Let's get real about that.

So hopefully next year I'll be there with The Rock.

How old are you now? You're 30?

Who the fuck? You're the only one who knows.

You tell me!

We had your real 17th birthday about five years ago.

You tell me, because I came to work for you when I was what, 14?

Yeah, let me tell you the story about Marissa Wampler, because she hasn't been on the show in a few years now, it seems like.

No.

Marissa came back nine years ago when we first started doing the show. Marissa was a- Wait, nine years ago?

Yeah.

So maybe I'm 21?

You're at least 21. I think you could probably get car insurance at this point.

At the very least.

Yeah, Aflac, I could at least apply.

Should I set up right over here?

Uh, hi.

Does this sound good?

Yeah, uh, Lissler, hi. How are you?

I'm feeling great. How are you, Choctaw?

Uh, I'm really good. This is Miss Lissler here, uh, teacher at- Charlotte Shard- Shardog Lissler!

Shardog Lissler, yes.

In the house, woo woo! Loaded up with tunes and treats.

Teacher at Marina Del Rey High School.

Dance moves.

Teacher of dance moves, is that what you said?

No. I was saying what I'm loaded up with still.

You're loaded up with dance moves.

That's right. I love a dance.

You're cocked and loaded?

A school dance.

Hey, you're dressed- Nothing like the teacher's corner.

You are dressed very much like Janet Jackson in The Rhythm Nation.

That's right.

And I'm loving that look.

I mean, you only have a microphone, a headset microphone.

I'll take over in a little bit and sing, uh, some Miss You Much.

Um, what do you teach here again? You teach the special- The STARS program.

Yeah, the STARS program.

Yeah, aka SPAS Academy.

Marissa's in there, gutter ball's graduate, uh, proud graduate, now come back as an aide.

He's a teacher's aide. Sometimes teach is when we have to go off the grid.

Right.

And that's a special alternative learning program.

Yes, Marissa, okay, so when you came on the show nine years ago, you, uh, you were just an intern.

You never showed up for work.

And then you would come in occasionally and you have a very interesting life where you've been going to school for years and years.

Years and years.

Almost a nigh upon a decade now.

Yeah.

Nine.

Four and twenty.

For sure.

Four twenty.

Yeah.

At the very least.

Yeah.

And, uh, Miss Lissler is your teacher who, uh, occasionally kidnaps you and, uh, BA Baracus' you or vice versa.

I can't really recall, it's been a minute since you've been on.

Yeah.

Both of those things.

Mm-hmm.

And, uh, uh- I have some gaps.

I have, like, if I were to apply for a job, which I have, say it like a quiz knows, I would have to explain- Quiz knows what quiz did.

Yeah.

Mm-hmm.

This, you know what, I thought- Quiz yes?

Don't, don't, don't, don't, don't.

Don't you try.

Don't encourage him.

Quiz maybe.

Don't you try- nope.

No, that's terrible.

Quiz maybe.

Okay, please don't.

If you encourage him.

That's like, do you want it hot or roasted?

Here's what it's like.

Being with the Chantas is like being with your dad.

If you laugh, he's gonna think it's funny, do it more, and then try maybe when he goes to work to do it because you laughed at him at home and then the people who works for him have to laugh because they're being paid by him and then he goes through life living a lie.

Marissa, you don't have a dad, though.

How would you know that?

I have a dad.

We just don't talk about him.

Who's your dad again?

I, we don't talk about it.

Why would you be- I would park my car there if I need you.

My stepdaughter needs me, alright?

No!

Unhand me!

Get your fucking hands off me!

I'm sorry, sweetheart.

I made it.

I'm here.

I got the tux.

Did you just get tased?

Yeah, I don't know who that, that piece of work- That's our security guy.

His name's Peso.

I thought it was a fat woman, okay?

That guy is not authoritative and so he came at me hard with that- First of all, what do you think Peso does not look like a woman?

Look at that little round, little bit of honey.

You think the qualities of woman are round?

Yeah, a little, a little- Like spherical?

Delicious little thing you're popping in your mouth.

If you're attractive- Like an amuse-bouche?

Yeah, like a little truffle.

Like a dippin' dots?

Like a little dippin' dots?

Sure, I mean, whatever food is appealing to you, like, okay, yes, I've gone down on women and I'll say it.

Oh my god!

Why is this happening in five seconds?

I've gone down, I'm using the language.

Sweetheart, it doesn't matter.

I'm here, I'm here to be your da- I didn't ask you to be here!

You completely asked me to be here!

I asked you to drop me off and sit in the parking lot.

Sweetheart, four nights ago you were in a hysterical crying fit at the fact that you did not have a date.

You were saying no- I said I was working it out and that I had waiting for the fax back.

No, you said- I had faxed Dwayne the Rock Johnson's PR agent and I was waiting- I saw that and I stopped that text.

I erased that text before you sent it.

I thought that was irresponsible for you to reach out to a major motion picture star and wrestler and bald man like that.

You can't do that, sweetheart.

Just one of those.

Yeah, pick one!

Yeah, pick one.

You're like, hey, I'm gonna be a professional bald man.

And speaking, you know, we know about your bald, Joanne.

So sweetheart- You know who's doing a really good job of that?

That guy who did the Six Flags commercial dancing.

There's also a guy on the Justin- He's doing commercials with Justin Timberlake lately who does a really good job with it.

Oh yes.

He has a little Brenner quality to him.

He is so bald.

Who is- He looks like Jason Lee almost, but like with no hair.

Who is this, Marissa?

Tell the listeners because I know who this is.

So this person talking- Oh, are we live?

Are we live right now?

Yeah, we're broadcasting live from the Marina del Rey High School.

Oh, okay.

All right.

I'm sorry.

I said go down on women.

That's not, you know, with this whole thing that's going on, myself included, that movement.

I shouldn't have said that kind of thing.

You're like- This is anti DJ Khaled.

I don't know what that is.

Is that a physical condition someone might have?

It could be.

Okay.

DJ Khaled.

Sore neck?

Yeah.

I got that.

Can you rub my Khaled's out?

Listen- I'll let him know.

I'm Seth Wampler.

You're saying I shouldn't make jokes like that?

This is just- Okay.

You're going to be thinking to yourself- This is so unprofessional.

Hey, hey, hey.

You're going to be thinking to yourself, you're listening and you're thinking, what the fuck is going on?

Why is this stepfather at the prom?

Right?

And that's exactly the question I'm asking.

This is my stepfather, Seth.

I asked him to drop me off in the parking lot.

Instead he drove his Hyundai Sonata up onto the grass of the track, which by the way, we're going to be charged for that.

You're going to have to re-sod that, I believe.

We're going to have to re-sod that.

That's easy to sod.

I can- I'll do the sodding for that one.

I'm a great soddist.

So just let me in there.

I'll do that.

You're like the Marquis de Sade.

Marquis de Sade.

That's funny.

What you just did with those words, that's funny.

It's not funny.

No, that's good stuff.

Can I use that?

Sure.

Yeah.

Be my guest.

I'm trying to get my podiatry business back.

Or be my guest if you're the Marquis de Sade.

See what I mean?

Yeah, so that's too much.

This is like two dads just having at it.

This is what's going to happen when you're going to date an older guy.

You're going to have this kind of problem.

You're not dating.

This is a date.

Can I put in a request?

Is this the DJ booth?

Oh yes!

Hey, it's Casey Steers, everybody.

CS Steers.

What do you want?

Wait, this is not the DJ booth?

It is also the DJ booth.

Wicked Game by Chris Isaac, please.

Wicked Game.

Slow dance.

I really like how your collar popped up so high.

I hope you guys are having a good time.

Hey, who is this now?

Casey Steers?

You're a teacher here at Marina Dela?

No, I actually can't teach anymore, but I'm running an extracurricular yearbook program.

Off campus.

Yeah, the students yearbook.

Yearbook.

Like pirate radio, but in yearbook form.

Yeah, exactly.

I just feel like the school system has been very oppressive, and I've experienced it at the hands of some of the administration here.

So this is not a real yearbook?

This is a yearbook?

It's a students yearbook.

Students yearbook.

Well, I mean the yearbook is the students yearbook.

Yeah, but this is the one that doesn't have any of those old fogies looking down at us.

This is about us making- Oh, this is like a slam dance for yearbooks.

Exactly.

So you're like a pirate radio slam dance for yearbooks.

Look, again, all I know is that when I went to India, I understood the concepts of taking down barriers.

This was after you got fired, you went to India.

So you did.

And did your own Eat, Pray, Love.

You used to teach here at Marina Del Rey.

Yeah.

Well, look, did I teach here?

No, I opened my mind to people to teach me.

These students are- You taught Dana Rodman a thing or two.

Dana and I are legally not allowed to speak.

We did have a, I guess now according to the court, we did have a relationship that was inappropriate.

But now that I went to India- I see what happened here.

But now that you went to India, it's cool.

Some pictures were taken.

Oh, so- No one could prove- Some pictures were taken in India or- No, pictures were taken here.

Oh, with Dana Rodman?

Dana Rodman's a student here.

Dana Rodman's a beautiful girl.

She is.

Wait, wait, wait.

Let me try to make- She's in college now.

What I'm getting from this is that you had sex with an underage girl and photographed it.

No.

Did you dry hump a younger girl?

Body silhouettes.

They took- Oh, just body silhouettes.

Body silhouettes?

Wait, so you got a silhouette artist to come over?

I like to work with film.

I think it's a medium that should be coming back like- Celluloid.

Well, I have a film camera and so she was in my dark room.

Nothing is online for you, right?

You don't like to do digital.

There's nothing about the cloud.

It's all- Sure.

You develop with the water.

You put the- Okay, you have hard copies.

You're a hoarder.

You know, I wouldn't say I'm a hoarder.

I think I am a collector of life and life experiences.

Yeah, that's a hoarder.

I think that's a hoarder though.

What are you doing here?

I'm just, you know, I saw that they had a party and this- She's not here.

She's not here.

Dana's not here.

You sure?

Yeah.

I mean, if anything, she heard you were coming and- Her dad is here.

Oh, really?

Who's her dad?

Yeah.

Well, she's got a younger sister.

This guy's got more problems than- She's chaperoning.

He chaperones the younger sister.

By the way, he goes to school with her every day.

Like he's not going to let what happened to Dana happen to her.

I can only imagine- This is such a repressed culture.

We were in such a repressed culture in Germany.

I tell you, you don't have anything like this.

How long were you in Germany?

Germany's not known for its relaxed pace of life.

It's pretty uptight.

Just during October first.

But they're pretty open with their poop habits.

They'll poop on each other.

You know, it's a very open private society.

Oh, yeah.

And that chastised me after somebody admits to being a pedophile in a dark room.

They took some body silhouettes.

We don't know what happened.

Good God.

I said go down on a woman at the beginning of this.

And you know what?

Yes.

And that was okay.

Yeah, thank you.

Because women love that.

They love it.

Absolutely.

Hey guys, guys.

If they request it, can I address you two for one second?

You don't even have to ask.

Can I address you two?

I know that the prom- You do have to ask.

You do have to ask.

That's right.

Well, sometimes, okay, let's, sometimes you don't.

It's awkward for everybody.

Unless I grab the back of your head, pull down my panties and slow your head towards my cooch.

Hold on, guys.

Hold on.

That's the only time I've ever been involved in it.

Hold on, guys.

Hold on.

I fear that our newer listeners are getting lost within all of- They definitely are.

The Byzantine relationships here.

Marissa, you're a student here at the school.

Lisler, you're a teacher.

Seth, you're the stepfather of Marissa.

That's right.

Yeah.

And this CS Steers guy, I've never met you before, but you're apparently a world traveler?

No, I'm a former yearbook- Disgraced teacher.

Sure.

He used to be in charge of the- Yearbook.

The Daily Dolphin yearbook and our newspaper.

I don't understand.

What was the newspaper called?

But he got into our relationship, The Daily Dolphin.

That was also The Daily Dolphin?

Yes.

So wait, how did people tell apart the newspaper and the yearbook?

Very weird.

Well, it was also weird because it was a yearbook- And the yearbook came out every single day?

No, it came out yearly, but it chronicled every day of our year.

This is the kind of problem that I had when I was on staff.

You know, this kind of these rules- The point is he got disgraced because he got into our- So it was 365 pages long this yearbook?

That's right.

It was 365 days.

Oh, one day.

Yeah.

Every day had a picture.

Very thick.

I don't understand why you can't just run all- And I got into a lot of trouble because Dana Rodman was in 325 of the days featured- A lot of her silhouettes.

Okay.

Featured exclusively.

They got into a relationship.

Okay.

He said, she said.

They were actually very much in love according to Dana.

When you said he said, she said, they both said the same thing?

They were both in a relationship?

They both said that they were bonking each other like out of control.

And this is all chronicled on your own podcast, which is called Womp It Up, which comes out.

That's right.

Actually, that would be appearing on the podcast.

I feel like you could just run a chyron at the bottom of what's going on here.

Like an MSNBC thing?

Yeah, make it easy.

Okay.

I just want, this is not a visual medium.

This is all an auditory medium.

Yeah.

All right.

So when you say like going down on women, we're not actually seeing it.

So I don't have to keep my head in this position to be on camera?

I can look?

No.

Okay.

So when the Christian Bale in Batman Begins, you're not turning your head.

Yeah, I felt fear.

My whole shoulders, I thought, I was like, that's how TV people do it.

Okay.

A little more fluid now.

Yeah.

I love the audio medium.

Why are you bringing up your phone?

Well, because I have a whole new- Also, why do you have sunglasses on?

It is literally pitch black in this gym.

Yeah.

There's a couple of GoBos here.

We're having a great time.

I guess they're projecting dolphins on the walls?

Is that what they are?

Yeah.

It's a dolphin theme.

It's an underwater theme.

It's a sea.

Every year.

It's a sea.

Every year under the sea.

What the fuck?

I love it.

Language.

I wanted to promote this.

You're not a teacher anymore.

I have a YouTube channel that I want to promote.

I don't know if you guys are familiar with ASMR.

No.

Yeah.

We had a guest on the show here who talked about ASMR.

That's where weird people who have a lot of problems get soothed by hearing crinkly paper.

It's not about that.

That's basically it.

I like to call it whisper therapy.

Yeah.

Weirdos.

I'll do a little bit for you right now.

Why?

You're going to do some ASMR here?

Yeah.

I'll dress up in different characters and just do my ASMR.

I don't want you to do any of this.

You changed your clothes so quickly.

What are you in now?

Right now I am in a Superman shirt and cape.

Did you bring this shit so Mr. Rodman couldn't recognize you?

Because this is really dangerous.

I challenge Mr. Rodman to come and look at me like a man.

You shouldn't do it.

You shouldn't do it because he said he would break your neck and then shove your balls down your throat.

I've been doing a certain kind of karate that basically the only way to practice it is...

Which kind?

What?

Which kind of karate?

It's a subsect of karate that I don't think any of you are familiar with.

Oh, karate?

Try us.

Well, basically the only time that you perform this karate is for kill.

Oh.

Oh, kill-rate.

Yeah.

This is the only time.

Any time I'd ever actually do this, the end result would be to kill.

Okay.

So you're going to do it right now?

Well, the intent is to kill.

No, I was going to do my ASMR.

Never actually killed anybody.

I was going to do my AS...

So this would be like...

Now, you've changed into a Superman outfit.

It looks like you're about to perform in a community theater version of Godspell.

Well, obviously I'd have the right lighting for my YouTube channel.

By the way, I'm getting tons and tons of hits on that.

I'll just do a little bit right now.

Tons?

I thought, is YouTube kind of...

Can they ask for this?

Is that like a vintage vinyl?

That seems a little more digital than I would expect it to be.

No, it's an internet...

Now, if it was on MySpace, I could see that being sort of a...

Seth.

Sorry.

Seth, get rid of your AOL account.

You know what I mean?

I will never give up.

Are you still paying $25 a month for AOL?

Yes.

Well, I just moved over from net zero, so this whole new AOL thing is very good.

And yes, I'm paying.

Why won't I?

Cut the cord, find another cord.

Yeah, dial up.

What's your ASMR?

Do this, because I didn't ask for this, and I should have known, you little piece of shit, when you came over here with this little smile on your face that you were going to be doing self-promotion.

I just thought it was a DJ table.

I had no big deal.

Here you go.

Yeah, go ahead.

Did we ever find Wicked Game, by the way?

Oh yeah, I got it.

I got it.

Do you want it?

Do you want it during the ASMR?

I think ASMR is better served with ...

Better quiet.

Yeah, better quiet.

Here we go.

So the idea is that the listener at home is going to be someone that's been saving.

Hey, how are you?

I have something you need at my home tonight.

I'm here on the top of this building.

I'm going to protect you.

Oh, this is the kind of shit he did to Dana.

Ew!

She's a special, beautiful young woman, and I think she's a special, beautiful young woman.

I think she's a special, beautiful young woman.

Just because I'm super bad doesn't mean that I can't feel, and I definitely feel, let me just ...

This is the kind of shit, so when they were doing the yearbook planning and stuff, he'd be fucking with my daughter.

So he was just doing ASMR on her, and it works?

On her all the time.

Oh my God.

It's one of the most seductive things you can do to a woman or man.

If I could give some feedback.

I listened to a lot of ASMR because I have a lot of anxiety after my podiatry business went under.

Oh, it did?

I haven't seen you in so long.

I'm so sorry.

I didn't hear about that.

Yeah, there was an incident with a corn ...

It was a botched corn operation.

He was doing it in the back of his car.

She lost the whole heel as a result.

Oh dear.

Yeah, it was ... I shouldn't have done it.

I'm so sorry, Seth.

What are you doing for work now?

Well, I'm trying to get things back going.

He's a stay-at-home dad.

Well, but I'm a freelance podiatry consultant.

How does that feel working on beautiful women's feet like that?

Well, you know what?

I opened it up to not just beautiful women's feet.

I will do unattractive women's feet and I will do ...

How kind of you.

Yeah, and I'll do security guards too because they have the hardest ... They have the roughest job of all the feet.

Why don't you go over and ask Peso if he needs something shaved off because he's on his feet night and day.

Peso?

Yeah, the security guard.

He's named after money?

Yes, his name is Peso.

That's his nickname because he's always good for it.

Oh, well I'm sorry.

He's a great guy.

He's always borrowing money, but he's always good for it.

Is everything coming back?

Yeah, he's like the Robin Hood of security guards.

Security guards always have really bad feet because it's worse than marathon runners who are constantly running.

They're standing on their feet a lot and then suddenly they'll have to take off after a burglar very quickly.

Yeah, and they're standing on their feet with an enormously unhealthy body above it, just sad and rejected and no one talks to them.

So a lot of anxiety and sadness goes into their feet.

Putting a lot of security guards right now.

No, just I understand their feet.

You know the way that they deliver babies in the C-section, they put a little blanket up to cover the face.

And if you do that with a woman when you're doing podiatry, I imagine that the feet probably tell a whole different story.

You could have a...

That's the kind of kinky shit you used to do with Dana Rodman, isn't it?

I'll tell you something about podiatry.

You have to lock eyes with your patient when you're working on those feet.

Do you really?

Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.

Why?

It is as close to lovemaking as you will get.

Maybe in the medical field.

Maybe I should do a...

That is in the medical field.

Even more than gynecology would be the closest.

No, no, no, no, no.

There are more nerve endings in the human toe than there are in the average vagina.

Everything you guys are saying is making me sick.

Well, anyway, what I was going to say about the ASMR is like, I think what you're doing is great, but you need a little more moistness.

Yeah, that's what we all need in our lives, more moistness.

Anyway, can we please get back to the enjoyment of the prom?

Sure.

Because, Choctaw, this is your chance.

So, Marissa, I'm not...

Even though you probably are of legal age now and far from it, quite past it.

I might be in my mid-40s.

We don't know.

You just might be.

I might be almost approaching menopause.

This is my last fling.

We don't have your birth certificate, and that's on me.

I lost the key to the safety deposit box, and I'm not paying $125 to get that.

But you will pay $25 to AOL.

It is America online.

I met a lot of good people.

America online.

That's a great place to meet people.

Any way to maybe check your teeth to see how old you are?

We just got a new puppy.

Like a dog?

Yeah, well, yeah, just to see how...

Well, we can count the rings in your toes, just like a tree, the human toe.

You know, you should just take a look at you and just see.

I have offered my services to you, CS Dears.

I said I want to be photographed.

I said I do kinky sex stuff with you.

You wanted to get the Dana Rodman treatment?

Yes, absolutely.

Are you kidding me?

You should have read her blog.

It was like Fifty Shades of Grey.

I mean, so much kinky shit went down.

Oh my gosh.

I have offered that to you for free of charge.

That blog tells half the truth.

What's the other half?

It's a lot better than what you wrote.

Oh, that's like a he said, she said situation.

Hey, did you know she sold all the rights to a publisher?

She's getting like a billion dollar book deal, and her dad's letting her have it, I guess.

Really?

Yeah.

Do you get a piece of that?

So far, I have not heard anything.

She sold the film rights, and your part's going to be played by Christian Bale.

Like in Batman Begins where he can't move his head?

Oh, that's good.

I'll take it.

I'll take it all the way to the bank.

You know what I'm saying?

You won't, actually.

What are you playing with right now, by the way?

Is that a stress ball?

Yeah.

It's a little stress ball.

It just keeps me real.

What are you stressed out about?

The fact you might get killed tonight by Dana Rodman's dad?

Yeah, he's wandering around here.

Looking for you.

Yeah, we're off in a little corner, by the way, if you're listening.

And Marissa, by the way, you look lovely.

Oh, I thought this was the prom.

I was about to say they really under...

No, they really didn't do much for it.

Well, that is the prom out there.

Yeah, the turnout in this corner.

Oh my God!

Yeah, you just have to turn your head.

That's all you have to do.

Oh, I didn't know.

It's just like 20 degrees this way.

It is fantastic.

You really need to do some yoga.

Yeah, well, I'm actually glad we're tucked away because I definitely don't need anyone to see me here with my dad.

I mean, my stepdad.

Stepdad.

And your dress, you look...

We've often talked about how your body shape is sort of like an upside down pyramid.

That's right.

And your prom dress tonight, it looks as if almost like someone is fumigating the pyramids.

Yeah, like a termite tent.

Yeah, exactly.

What I did was I went and I got as many umbros as my arms could carry at Dick's Sporting Goods.

I see.

And how many did that turn out to be?

Like at least 43 umbros.

They actually shrink down when you press them because they're very thin.

And then I stitched together one of our projects.

Like a parachute.

All the umbros together.

Cut a hole in the center.

Cut a hole in the center, much like they would in the olden days when you have sex for the first time.

Right, yes.

Right?

Cut a hole in the center and see, you know...

Just see what's up.

See what's up.

Just peek-a-boo.

Which is another thing you used to do with Dana, right?

Guys, we're having such a good time.

You guys want to maybe just do ayahuasca?

No, definitely not.

I am a shaman.

Absolutely not.

I am a shaman.

No, you're not.

I'll try it.

No, Seth, don't.

Why not?

It's prom night.

Let's have fun.

Seth, it's not your prom night.

It's my prom night.

He's offering us a laxative.

Just take it.

A laxative?

Ayahuasca makes you shit whenever you take it.

I suggested that to someone who told me that.

Is that just what it's for?

For a second.

I was talking to someone who takes ayahuasca all the time and I said, doesn't that make you shit all the time?

And the look on her face as if she'd been caught.

Oh.

Like she's just wearing a diaper and has had to hide it from everyone?

No.

You need to clean out your bowels.

There's lots of healthy alternatives.

We just do it.

Like what?

Coconut water.

You have to drink a lot of it.

I could reach up there and jimmy it out.

Jimmy it out from where?

Bobby Brown did that to Whitney Houston.

What?

Uh, so anyway, Marissa, you look wonderful.

You have a, uh, umbras all over and then you have some sort of a, uh, is it a corsage or a sash or what exactly is this?

Well, um, I was actually waiting for a corsage from you.

I did not know I was your date tonight, so you should not have been expecting that from me.

I should have because as you said, yes.

And I recorded it just so if anything happened later.

You can't record me saying yes to any question.

I recorded it on my phone.

I had an ability to record you just because things got funny with us later.

Voice Notes app that I have it on record that you agreed to this.

Um, and play this.

I don't, I, what do you play this thing?

Here it is.

Hey, Choctaw.

Hey Marissa, what do you want?

Hey, were you sleeping?

It's 2 PM.

Don't you have a job?

Yes.

Get out of bed.

Okay.

Oh my God.

What are you doing in my bedroom?

Hey, I just wanted to say, Oh my God.

Are you, why are you fully erect?

I'm standing up.

Yes.

God.

I just want to know if you wanted to come to prom with me for what purpose and do your podcast comedy.

Bang, bang, like a live broadcast.

That's right.

Oh yes, sure.

Great.

Got it.

Jerk yourself off.

Did you get a recording?

Sweetheart?

Did you say yes?

Oh my God.

Okay.

If he doesn't show up, I will be there for you.

All right.

Please don't do that.

Whatever you do, don't do that.

Even if I'm alone, don't do that.

I will probably not remember this.

I've been blacking out a lot.

Okay.

I apologize that for, I'm going to drive now, but if I black out on the way home, just let me know.

You guys ready to go?

Let's fire up that dune buggy.

Here we go.

I love dune buggy rental.

Okay.

This clip needs some editing.

Yeah, it does.

But not editing in the part where you say to do a live broadcast of the show.

Why were you sleeping at 2 PM?

You got to get, are you depressed?

I'm not depressed, but I, you know, I have a job that takes me out to some very late nights.

Why?

You know, like 10 PM or 10 PM some nights.

Are you an assassin?

Like a John Wick style assassin?

I don't think I would know that.

Are you excited for John Wick 3 by the way, with Mr. Tick Tock Man?

Now John Wick- That sounds terrifying.

Who's Mr. Tick Tock Man?

Some of the character I heard about.

But John Wick was like one of the founding fathers, right?

It's like a, it's a biopic about one.

No, you're thinking of John Hancock.

John Adams.

Yeah, both of those Johns are great.

I think it, I thought they were like a part of a, sort of a nine part sequel of any John is a historical figure.

I'm working on a John Adams Hamilton-esque musical.

Really?

You really don't think you should do that?

What exactly did John Adams do?

We're figuring it out.

I mean, I saw, I saw the ball of the Amati.

We're figuring it out in the workshops right now.

We're just going to have a wrap.

Apparently he was very angry a lot.

He just seemed very sort of rejected and angry about the other founding fathers.

Is it an all female production?

Currently, yeah.

I think that's one of the coolest things about it, you know, is that there is a, you know, the idea to have all these women playing these amazing political figures.

Yeah.

So, Listler, speaking of, speaking of figures, what are, what are you up to?

You know, I, you guys haven't been on the show in a couple of years and you know, last time I saw you, were you engaged or who?

Yeah.

I don't know.

I don't know when the last time I saw you was.

I should check my journals, but yeah, I was engaged for a while.

I found out he had another family, so that went south.

That's a deal breaker for you.

Yeah.

90% of men have another family.

I'm a lot of women.

90% of men?

What is that?

A glamour survey that you've read?

Just an inofficial thing that I've done.

Inofficial?

Was he French or did he have any kind of French heritage?

No.

He goes, alright.

He owned the 7-Eleven, he went back home to his home country in the Middle East and then I tracked him down, found out he had another family, tried to get him back on the podcast.

He refused.

I thought he was going to show up at the live show.

He refused to show up.

Okay.

As well to that.

So, it's over.

So what is going on with you right now?

I have a cat army that I used to do my bidding.

What's this now?

An army of cats.

A pussy posse?

No, we don't call it that.

This is not like the Leo DiCaprio, Tobey Maguire pussy posse?

Yeah, a pussy posse.

I know that's your dream, to have something like that.

That ship has sailed.

Molly's Game?

Is that what we're talking about?

Sort of.

What's Molly's Game?

It was an elite poker ring.

Yeah.

Starring Idris Elba.

That's all I need to know.

Yeah.

I'm not going to ask you to ask me.

I'm not going to ask you.

So that's all that's going on in your life is the cat army?

They all wear tiny berets.

You don't think that's a lot?

You have over 80 cats wearing tiny berets.

That's right.

Who are sucking on a temple branded machine's nips.

You know how hard it is to get cats to wear a costume?

And they're keeping those berets on willingly.

Wait, they're balancing them?

They're not attached via strap?

You need to get in touch with Purina or some kind of cat food company because this is nothing but a money making machine for you.

Well, she's been doing a cat calendar and it took us so long to get the Les Mis shot down that it was just so hard.

Oh, that market is flooded.

No, the cat calendar game is too crowded, believe me.

Yeah, with two kittens, but 88 cats all dressed like the French Revolution.

88 cats in each picture?

Yeah, that's right.

How do you heard that?

That's amazing.

Just a hi-oo, hi-oo.

And they just come.

They just respond to that.

That's weird because that's not a sound I've ever heard come out of a mother cat or a kitten.

That's how they distinguish.

Yeah, they respond to it.

Well, you know what?

We're coming up on a break here.

Got it.

And I, you know, for the prom DJ, you haven't been playing any music, I have to say.

They're finding their own tunes out there, though.

You see that, right?

Yeah, that's why everybody's wearing their headsets, right?

It's like one of those silent proms.

It's like a silent prom.

Hey, on the break, should we hit the dance floor and show everybody what we're made of chocolate?

I really don't want to do that.

Come on.

Come on, sweetheart.

Yes, chef, you take her.

Why are you fully a wreck?

We'll be right back, sweetheart.

Here we go.

We'll be right back with more Comedy Bang Bang after this.

Okay.

Welcome back, Comedy Bang Bang.

And we're back here at the Marina Del Rey High School Prom Whomptacular Under the Sea Dance.

We tore it up out there, didn't we, sweetheart?

I am winded.

I have never swung you around that much for so long.

You guys were doing almost- Taking people out.

Yeah, it was almost like that swing dancing revival from the 90s.

I was pretending like she was, that I was at a Highlands game.

That's right.

That was a caber toss.

That's right.

I was like, I've got to toss this caber.

I did something very special.

I watched it.

It was very electric.

Thank you.

Thanks.

You know what?

It's terrible to have your stepfather at the prom, but I kind of feel like I got to lean in on this one.

I have to ask, why do you not have a date?

Where is Gutterballs?

Listeners of the show know that Eric Gutterballs Gutterman has been your off and on boyfriend throughout many years here at Marina Del Rey.

What's going on with him?

Where is he?

Well, the last time, first of all, I had a pregnancy scare.

No.

Yes.

When you say that though, what does that mean?

You thought you were pregnant?

I thought I was pregnant and I had a child.

She didn't get her period because she had seven tampons.

Shove up in there.

Okay.

Last I talked to you, you had only scissored him.

No, things had progressed.

If this is a podcast, I do want to give a health tip out.

It is a podcast.

Women out there, if you don't want to use condoms, because it doesn't feel as good, just shove a couple of tampons in there and it will block everything and you won't get pregnant.

That's not true.

That's definitely not true.

The other thing that isn't true is that you can douche with Coca-Cola.

You told Dana Rodman that and she got into a terrible situation, really threw her pH off.

You got to use ginger ale or ginger beer.

No.

What are you talking about?

It is a naturally self-cleaning mechanism like a cat's mouth.

And ginger is not a naturally occurring cleansing agent.

I mean, it's for your stomach.

In fact, it would burn the kamut out of you.

Ginger ale, Coca-Cola, natural flavor, I like them all.

What about like a Moscow mule?

Would that work?

That would work because the alcohol is supported.

Kombucha is also good.

No, you don't need to douche.

That's the point.

Do you not douche?

No, but he douches anymore, guys.

Oh, what?

So the 70s was a lie?

Are you talking about all that douching in the 70s was for naught?

Yes.

Right.

That's correct.

Next thing I'm going to say is that we don't need to like have men shave women for sport.

What the fuck are you doing?

For sport?

I don't know about this.

Another Highland Games?

Who does the best shave?

I mean, again, it's true.

Is this like a sweetener, like that shaving contest in the middle of Sweeney Todd?

Is this barbershop for a good one back to the shop?

You like about those barbershop movies is it's fun.

It's funny, but it also has a message.

Yeah.

And it's like the message about Chicago.

Oh, cut your hair is the message.

Cut your hair.

Pull your pants up.

Yeah.

Have fun.

Okay.

Look, where is gutter balls?

Okay.

So in that pregnancy scare, he actually, how long did it last?

Well, it was during the live show.

Oh, okay.

We did a live show.

Yeah, about an hour.

And I did took a test.

I took a test and it came back negative.

But before that, before I revealed that he actually did say, Hey, I'm going to stand by you.

And I believe he proposed to me.

Oh, I was there.

I was very, I've never been on board with him.

I was reading between the lines and he proposed.

What were the lines that you had to read between?

He said, whatever happens, I will be present for it.

All the good stuff happens between the lines.

That's right.

All right.

So great video.

Never heard a woman.

You guys want to watch that video right now?

Blurred lines.

Yeah, I love that.

It's a hot as hell.

I don't play Robin Thicke on purpose.

I love Emily Ratajkowski and I think she should go back to doing videos.

At any rate, he then I believe if I don't want to give my own editorial about this, but he got scared and that's not something new for him.

But that drove him into the arms of a literate, a saleswoman named Raven, who works at a really great erotic bookshop that I go to.

Yeah.

Raven is actually very good at her job, but I'm not happy that she stepped in there and took your crown.

She's got short bangs and apparently they're living together now in Raven's studio above the store.

How short are these bangs?

Like all the way up to the scalp?

Very short.

Yes.

They're like, you would think it was almost like a buzz cut.

Yeah.

She looks like a mental patient, but sexy.

So and sexy.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Sorry.

And sexy.

And I've accepted a proposal of marriage from a guy named Bruce Almadie, spelled almighty, that I met at a Bible camp.

Yeah.

Wait, so this is like that movie Bruce Almighty?

Well.

It's spelled that way, but it's pronounced almighty.

Almighty.

Oh, okay.

Yeah.

Find your man.

But I think you broke up with him, right?

Yes.

In Spanish.

Yes, of course I did.

I did.

Okay.

So, so the- But he doesn't speak Spanish, sweetheart, so I don't know if he got the message.

He gets it.

There were- We got a couple vids.

One.

We got one.

We got two.

We got one video of a fan who wanted to take me to prom.

We got two.

Who was the second one?

I didn't see that.

Yeah.

I played them all for you.

Oh, let's roll that video.

And then we retweeted them.

Where's the monitor?

Can we roll the video?

Well, maybe that was- This is not visual.

Oh, I can turn.

Okay, right.

Turn my head.

I can turn my head.

Anyway, so I was hoping tonight that gutter balls would come.

Sort of sweep in here like officer and a gentleman.

He was supposed to chaperone.

He was supposed to be one of the teacher chaperones.

Yeah.

I'm sorry.

So this is probably a reference.

Yeah.

That's maybe like two years older than you would get or- Yeah.

I don't- that's Deborah Winger, right?

Okay.

So you do know- I've seen that one.

I've seen that one.

Yeah.

I figured.

You have.

She dies in it, right?

Of something?

No?

No.

That's terms of endearment.

Oh God.

Okay.

Urban cowboy.

Ed Shadowlands.

Although we all die.

Oh my God.

What a bummer.

That's right.

That's why we have to embrace every day.

Especially you should worry about it because you've already been brought to court.

How you got yourself off on that, I have no idea.

How are you still walking around and able to show up at a place like this?

If you don't stick it in, you don't go into the pen.

Just the tip.

I'm surprised you didn't react to it.

No tip.

No tip, everybody.

I told you.

All these people saying just the tip is like, what's the alternative?

You can't get just the shaft in there.

You get the middle part in there.

You bend it.

You bend it in there.

You can't bend it like Beckham.

You cannot fold it in half.

Yes you can.

What I like to call it is called a scoop.

You just drop the balls right on the top.

You put it right.

It's almost like a nice, thin cone.

What?

Yeah, I called it a yoo-hoo.

It's like a yoo-hoo because you make a little u-shape and you're just going to get in there.

And then you say yoo-hoo.

You know what?

That's a good sexual practice because you won't get diseased that way.

You know what's so great is the more you old people talk about this, the more I will never have sex again.

So thank you very much.

Have you had sex with gutter balls one time?

Not really.

Could have been a coat rack.

Oh.

Inside a coat rack?

Or meaning the actual physical thing?

The actual thing.

Okay.

Could have been a coat rack.

Alright.

You were riding on something.

Something fell on me.

Oh.

Anyway, it's a lot for your listeners to take.

I know.

Not really.

And dispel the shame around it, sweetheart.

A lot of people have mistaken inanimate objects for a lover.

I guess so.

I've used inanimate objects during lovemaking, but never as the object of my father.

For a long time, I thought the VCR was your mother.

What?

It was just blinking 12?

Yeah.

You know, we were just...

Like a number five is alive type of scenario?

We put a...

How do you know that reference?

We put a pillow on the top of it because it gives off a buzzing sound.

So it's kind of soft to begin with.

And if you get up in the middle of the night and you're sleepy and you drank a little bit before you went to bed and you kind of stumble up to it.

You hump a VHS machine?

You don't hump it.

You make love to it.

Oh, God.

Wait, do you have sort of a wider penis that...

No, it's thin.

It's like an asparagus, a white asparagus.

How do you know?

It can be...

I said wide, but not wide enough.

Why are you smiling?

I'm just saying.

Why are you so turned on by...

Seems like you like to have fun.

No, I don't.

Because the first time that Seth and I ever met, he got up in the middle of the night.

Tell me that story again, because I love this story.

He got up in the middle of the night for a midnight snack.

I had fallen asleep on the couch multiple times.

You'd been Marissa's teacher.

You'd taken her home.

You fell asleep on the couch.

That's right.

Suddenly Seth gets up in the middle of the night.

He's stark naked.

Yeah, I sleep in the nude.

He opens the cold refrigerator.

And I thought it was a come on.

So I came up behind him, silently, stealthily, because I'm also a sniper.

And I said, turn around.

Ooh, I heard that.

And then I heard a thin peen flop into the faget yogurt.

Yeah.

And then we stayed like that for nigh on six hours.

It was awkward.

So then imagine my disgust.

I get up in the morning.

And you see the impression.

Of what looked like a white asparagus.

Right.

A thin white asparagus.

I see.

Out of season.

How would you know the color of the asparagus?

Would you just assume this is a green asparagus?

You would assume it, but sometimes the white ones are thinner and more dehydrated.

Well and also.

And that's what it looked like.

I might have, being in the yogurt that long, you start to kind of molt a little bit, so that it might have been a little bit of myself that came out.

How was your mother, by the way?

What is her name again?

Diane.

She's good.

She's in Florida still at this retreat.

She's doing a holding therapy retreat in Orlando.

Holding therapy.

I did that here at the school.

You basically just hold someone.

And it's sort of a therapeutic.

We don't hold enough.

Yeah, you go back to the womb.

I think what you were talking about is you just embraced Dana Rodman.

Yeah, for hours and hours and hours.

She's a very healthy girl.

It's also called cocooning.

She's got into a very good school.

She sold a movie script like we talked about.

She sold a book.

I mean, I think she's doing great.

I think it worked.

What school did she get into?

Stanford.

Oh, that's a good school.

Yeah, it's a good school.

Okay.

Yeah, a really good school.

I mean, most of it is people feel so terribly bad for her because she's having a girl interrupted type breakdown almost every day of her life.

Right.

Come on, girls are emotional.

Get over it.

Gosh, I don't know about that.

If you're not crying once a day, you're not a woman, right?

I don't know.

That is true.

Casey.

Yeah, that's true.

So your mother is...

She's...

Okay, so I have a step...

I have a step-sibling.

They had a baby.

Yep.

You guys...

Seth, you had a baby.

Yeah.

Me and Diane had a baby.

I didn't put in the VCR this time.

If you know what I mean, do I need to explain it?

Nope.

Okay.

I just want to make sure.

It didn't make sense the first time.

All right.

At any rate, they...

Yeah, they got pregnant and I went away for two years.

That's what I call sex, putting a tape in the VCR.

Okay.

Do you just now?

Do you say that?

It's not clever.

It's not a case of what we were just talking about.

Yeah, that's how I call sex.

You should have mentioned that earlier when it came up.

So...

Also, you put a tape in the VCR, but you don't pull it out and put it back in again.

If you do that, you would break the tape.

No, I don't.

So sex for you is just putting it in and then keeping it there.

Yeah.

Put it in and then the show begins.

No, and then you just keep it there?

And then...

Oh, hold on.

And then the machine does the rest.

Yeah.

You know what I mean.

You have to do it to everyone else to do all of the other work.

What are we talking about right now?

We're talking about my metaphor.

Yeah, his metaphor, which is my actual practice.

This is why you have sex with younger women, because they don't know that that's not good.

Have you ever had a relationship with anyone your own age, CS?

People my age don't get it.

They don't get what?

It.

I mean, they're so held up in their own beliefs and everything like that.

Their beliefs that you should be with someone your own age?

What's the oldest woman you've ever had a relationship with?

20.

20?

Yeah.

I mean, I am embarrassed you would say it because it feels embarrassing that I went with somebody that was that kind of locked in her ways.

Okay.

So you've never dated someone who could actually go into a bar?

No.

Why would you want to go to a bar?

What's there to do there?

Well, you have a full bar at home.

That's right.

He does have so many.

You know what it is?

Mostly Bartles and James.

When you say full bar, you mean like...

Every type of flavor.

Full of Bartles and James.

Yeah.

Every type of flavor.

Strawberry.

Yeah.

Passion fruit.

Strawberry wine.

Passion fruit.

Yeah, exactly.

Okay.

Tropical breeze.

Hey, Robin.

I'm coming for you, man.

Oh my God.

Why are you doing this?

Hold on.

No, no, no, no.

Let me talk to this guy right now.

Oh, okay.

Don't go after Mr. Rodney.

CS, don't do it.

Hey, Paisole.

Play some music to...

Paisole, eyes open.

We got a situation maybe.

They said that that's what your name was.

I'm sorry.

So he's going after Mr. Rodman?

Yeah, this is a terrible idea.

I don't know what's gonna happen.

Although, you know what?

This prom doesn't need to get kicked up a notch because there's like nothing...

At least one.

Yeah, nothing's happening.

No music is being played.

No music.

Until now.

Finally, the kids are going out to dance right now.

They've all been just like sitting by the...

We'll cut it short.

Don't worry.

So, what...

So, I was telling you, they had a baby while...

Lissler had to go off the grid.

She found out there was a chip implanted in her, much like a born scenario.

Who implanted a chip inside you?

I can't say.

The government, probably.

Okay.

But we had to both go on the lam for two years.

We were traveling the world.

I remember this.

Yes.

I remember this is one of our last episodes.

Yeah, Deshiki Fever.

Right.

So, a little bit of an empty nest situation at home.

Sure, but although you had a new baby.

Well, we missed her after about a week.

Well, they cleared out my bedroom immediately.

Yeah.

And then we started...

Which is the cubby under the stairs.

Filled it up with shit they got at Costco.

Yeah, because we have a lot of it.

And then they named their baby Castaway.

Castaway.

Okay, so sort of like Wilson, the movie that Wilson, the tetherball.

I didn't realize it at the time, but yeah, because we had watched it the night before and it was just the first thing I thought of when I said it and I was like, oh, sounds good.

Castaway.

And I went with it because that's my follow up policy of like first impression.

First thought, best thought.

First impression, best impression.

First action, best action.

Sure.

So not a great way to live, but anyway, I came home after two years, I thought they would be so happy to see me.

It was much like when Tom Hanks came home.

I don't know if that's Helen Hunt who plays his wife, but she's just like, oops.

You know all these old references.

Yeah, he's like, oops.

Oops.

You know, I have another wife.

I have another life.

And that's what I come home and there's a new child there and you know, in my, in my storage, my, my bedroom's filled with gigantic jars of peanut butter.

And so anyway.

Are you a chunky man?

Look at my frame.

No, I mean, peanut butter.

Oh, I see what you're talking about.

You're very round like a woman.

No, no.

We buy sort of this off brand that's very liquid.

It's like most of it is oil that you get from the peanut butters.

Extra oily.

Yeah, we just drink it.

It's very good.

It's a protein.

It's like a smoothie.

It's like a protein flood in your body, but it's just like a big chunk of oil going down your belly and with little bits of, I guess peanuts in there.

I guess.

I don't know.

I mean, getting a good deal on it.

Right.

So, uh, that must be very terrible at home for you to feel left out.

It's okay now.

It's okay now, right?

It's okay now because, well, Diane, the whole point of this is Diane did not bond with the baby at all.

And as you know, she's never touched me.

Yeah.

She's never touched you.

The only time I touched her is when I came out of her vagina.

So I said to her, I was like, honey, this is your chance.

This is your chance to get back in there and really connect.

And do it right this time.

Do it right.

She said, I'm not interested.

So, so she's never touched this baby?

Not yet.

Castaway?

Not yet.

Is Castaway a boy or a girl or undetermined at this point?

Well, I don't want to put labels on.

I think we should.

She's a girl.

By the way, we should allow them to declare what they are.

Yes.

Yeah.

We're just, we're calling it it.

We're calling it they.

We're calling it us.

We're calling it them.

We're calling everything but something definitive as to male or female.

And Castaway could be either because it's a made up nonsense name based on a movie.

Yeah.

Thing.

You know, all these different verb.

So what we're doing is she's away in Florida at a sort of a...

It's like a therapy retreat.

It's called holding therapy.

You're supposed to go down with your child.

She's left Castaway back with us.

Baby steps.

It's baby steps.

And we all need to...

How long has she been gone?

It's been months now.

It's been a few months.

About six months.

Six months.

And what is she holding?

Well, lots of other grownups that are at the thing.

We get a lot of on our Instagram feed, which is the only time we hear from her.

We see, we don't hear from her.

We just track what she's up to.

She's in so many different hot tubs.

Yeah.

Really?

So she's just on a Florida vacation.

No.

Jaunting from hot tub to hot tub.

She's recreating.

She's identifying with what it's like to be in the womb.

The womb.

And she's getting in touch with the child inside of herself inside that child that she can't access.

I see.

Is she ever coming back?

It's not up to me.

It's up to her.

It's up to her Russian doll child inside the other child in her.

Okay.

It's up to that hairless Russian she was in that was inside of her probably.

We don't know that.

That was in that hot tub.

Okay.

Well, that's terrible.

So it sounds like the family has been torn asunder.

No, no.

Everything's fine.

But to be honest, it's great.

It's been so long.

Great.

Whistler, have you seen any openings here?

Have you?

What does that mean?

Well, I mean, you know, you.

Of course I've seen openings.

I walk around with eyes open for openings all the time.

Sure.

But, you know, how to pop in as a mother figure.

Sure.

Seth has been unencumbered here for six months now.

I'm over this.

You're, you're no longer interested.

It's hard to get over this.

I have knowledge that I don't want to make this awkward.

You don't want this though.

And I'm not going to keep, you know, banging my head against a wall that isn't accepting.

You know what?

I'm, I'm going through some changes myself with the loss of my podiatry business.

What kind of changes?

Well, just, I'm opening myself up to all sorts of openings and opportunities.

I mean, if, if your mother needs to be following this journey down there with all these different people holding her in hot tubs, that's her thing.

And so what's your thing going to be?

Well, I would like to, I, I'm okay with having some encounters with people on your mother's way.

Is that why you've been parking your car on the corner?

Are people parking your car on the corner?

What does that mean?

Well, between four and five every afternoon, he goes out in his Hyundai Sonata and I do something on the corner and I do something called a little toot toot.

It's called a little toot toot.

Whoa, wait, CS.

Can you erase this?

No, we can't.

This goes live to tape.

We're coming up on a break.

Casey.

Cut the fucking camera.

Cut the camera.

Oh, we are on camera.

Well, I've been looking right and left like crazy.

I look like an idiot now.

What happened?

We're going to hear what happened to Casey Steers when we come back.

More from the promwomtacular from Marina Del Rey High School under the sea dance.

I'm not going to talk about what I do on the corner in my Hyundai.

Is anybody going to fuck me tonight?

Oh, Jesus.

Good God, Marissa.

I'm talking about my journey.

So much blood.

So much fucking blood.

Jesus Christ.

So much blood.

We'll be right back.

Comedy bang bang.

We're back here.

Promwomtacular live from Marina Del Rey High School.

The under the sea dance.

We're here with Marissa Wampler and Miss Lissler and Seth Wampler as well is here and he's going to was about to tell us what he was doing in his car between four and five.

But before it doesn't matter, he could do that.

Address.

Casey Steers came in here covered in blood.

He had gone after Dana Rodman's father here, Mr. Rodman.

Did you use the karate?

The kill rot?

Kill rot?

Yeah.

Is he dead?

I don't know.

What?

We need to erase all of this.

We can't.

This has been going out live.

You murdered someone.

You should flee.

Let's just pretend we're back.

Hey, what's going on?

Oh, we are.

We can't.

This is going out live.

Okay, let me tell you something.

Crimes of the heart are not crimes.

They are crimes.

It doesn't matter.

It's right there in the title.

Crimes.

You mean crime of passion?

That's also crimes.

Crimes of passion.

Oh, I know what to do.

Okay, we pretend like this is a radio play.

Okay.

This is like a serialized kind of thing.

Like a 1940s like.

I'm a gum shoe.

Yeah, you found me out, kid.

I was just joking.

No one's hurt.

Clip clop.

It looks like I solved another murder.

This is terrible.

Well, you gave up so fast.

What happened?

Nothing.

Nothing happened.

What happened?

Let me just say that.

First of all, you called him over.

That's what's fucking weird.

He didn't even see you.

You were in costume.

He was looking for me.

You know what?

He's on his fucking high horse owning that stupid yogurt shop.

Let me tell you something.

You know what?

Fixins and mixins?

Yeah.

That's a great yogurt shop.

That's like eight.

That's gold star yogurt.

Let's just say I made some yogurt today myself.

What do you mean?

Did you actually make yogurt?

I grabbed him by the throat.

Oh, I see.

Okay.

I squeezed so tight.

His throat exploded?

Let me feel your hand strength.

Here.

I don't want to touch your pain, dude.

I don't want to touch your nog.

I always say keep one hand on that and one hand on my hand.

No, no, no, no.

Let me feel your hand strength.

Yeah.

Okay.

So there's no way you're crushing a throat with that.

That was like the end of Over the Top where they just both clasp hands and they're equally matched.

Yeah, I do.

Yeah, of course I do.

Who doesn't want to hear the song from Across the Stars?

Kenny Logs.

All right.

Dana, if you're hearing this, the song is from me to you.

Hold on.

Wait, because you just killed her father?

That's not a good dedication.

That's not good at all.

I was telling you to meet me halfway.

What is your...

Meet me halfway.

Now that he's out of the picture, we can be together.

Okay.

You're out of...

You're in Las Vegas?

What?

He said she said.

Where do you want to meet her?

I'll meet her wherever.

She's out of high school now.

You guys give her some coordinates.

It's got to be halfway?

I thought you were going to go for the younger daughter.

Halfway between here and Stanford?

D.M.

Me.

D.M. Me.

The way we talked about...

Send me that Marco Polo.

My secret Marco Polo is still active.

Nobody's doing Marco Polo anymore.

Do you have a Peach account?

It depends.

Who's asking?

How old are you?

Oh my God.

He's not a woman.

Do you use that message app, send me a message?

That's what I've been using.

That's someone texting you, Seth.

Is that what it is?

Yeah.

Just saying, send me a message.

Because I always respond to us, thank you for your message.

Oh God, help us.

I thought that's the protocol.

So you squeezed his throat so tightly that yogurt came out of his mouth?

Human yogurt.

Had you just eaten yogurt and you were squeezing it back up like a go-gurt?

I grabbed him by his throat so hard.

This prom is sponsored by Go-Gurt.

Oh, that's right.

There's a big Go-Gurt stamp.

Isn't it also sponsored by Fage yogurt?

It is.

With the white asparagus.

Which is a conflict of interest.

They're going to be pissed.

I got to say that asparagus yogurt, it tastes good.

It tastes good.

You wouldn't think it tastes good.

You digress.

Tell us what happened.

He's dead.

Okay?

Fucking vultures.

Want me to tell you every detail?

Yeah, I grabbed him by the throat.

He shit his pants and then I curbed him.

I gave him a curb job.

So shit out the back, yogurt out the front.

I put his mouth on the front of the stage, right under that big dolphin.

No, no, no.

She can't hear this.

She can't hear.

Oh my God.

Wait, wait, wait.

Never know what curbing is.

And then I put my yogurt on the back of my neck until I heard a crack.

That's what curbing is?

Yeah.

Wait, you didn't know what curbing was?

No, I thought you just dropped someone on the curb and say, see you later motherfuckers.

Well, it's a good thing you're confessing because I'm a gumshoe.

Oh yeah, yeah, yeah.

Hypothetically.

We're past the gumshoe.

Is it too far?

Because he just confessed to a murder on live.

Okay, you know what?

Is this radio?

I'm going, baby.

I'm going and you can follow me wherever you want.

There's no rules in Ecuador.

Were you talking to me?

No, not to you.

Well, you just told us where you're going.

Ecuador.

Yeah, don't tell him where you're going.

Is Dana already in Stanford?

Dana, I know where you are.

I'll come for you.

Don't come for her.

Just wait for me.

She's like doing so well right now.

And bring one of your dorm mates.

Bring one of your dorm mates if she's hot.

God, get out of here.

No fatties or butter faces.

CS, get out of here.

I hope it doesn't get me.

Oh my God.

This shouldn't go that way.

This is a terrible situation.

You know what though?

It is terrible, but it's also very exciting because I kind of felt like we needed something to happen.

We need a little drama to happen here.

We needed drama.

Gutters isn't here.

Danielle Bartiromo didn't show up.

Excuse me.

Oh no.

I'm here.

Dabney.

Hello.

Hey.

I thought you were dead or had turned into the angel of death.

Something like that certainly happened.

Shumpling like that?

Shumpling, Legley.

Shumpling, yes.

Have you ever been to PF Chang's and had the shumplings?

Oh, they're delicious.

Oh, those are good.

You're a very old person.

Caricature is to the stars.

Hey Dabney, I thought we might see you because I saw that there was- Because you hired me, yes.

Yes, because I hired you to do caricatures.

You're very late.

Do you play soccer?

No, never played it before.

Well, here's a caricature of you playing soccer.

This is terrible.

This looks like Grimace playing soccer.

Yeah, that's what you look like.

That's true.

I'm afraid to tell you.

And why am I on a tiny little convertible?

Also driving while kicking a- I hate to draft feet.

Okay.

So how has the prom been here for you all?

Well, there was just a very tragic and very gruesome murder that happened.

Oh, let me draw that.

Oh, I don't know.

I would assume shit came out the back and yogurt out the front.

That's actually good.

I know it happened as a curbing.

Oh, you love that.

There it is.

Of course, I put the curbs down right in there.

Look how graphic it is when the head is enlarged like that.

Oh, and he's playing tennis.

Some have said I should do storyboards for the movies.

That'd be a good idea.

Have you ever done a caricature of the Easter Island heads?

Because that would be like gigantic.

Of course.

Yeah, well, because the heads are larger than the bodies.

Just the tiniest little bodies.

I'd like to see that.

Well, of course, I am bound by the caricaturist's code to always do heads at full scale and bodies at one tenth scale.

And the lips are always so much bigger, right?

Always.

Because those are the most defining characteristic of any human.

Are the lips.

Yeah, the fish lips on any human.

What is happening here at prom?

Who can who can I draw?

Well, listen, actually, the police should be here any minute.

It's going to be a really tough situation because everybody's screaming inside.

Not the police.

I can't be seen by the police.

Why?

What did you do?

I have a history with those mother fighters.

A history of what?

What could you have possibly done that could have gotten you in trouble?

I'm 105 years old.

What haven't I done?

You're cheating death?

I've gone through every crime in the penal code one by one.

Oh, I bet you're one of the weathermen, right?

One of those guys in Chicago.

I was one of the weathermen.

Yeah, I knew it.

He's got that vibe.

What's a weatherman?

An old fashioned criminal?

It's like an old sixties anarchy group.

I was one of the people who kidnapped Patty Hearst.

Is this like the age of Adeline where like you're still you're going to live through it?

No one saw that movie.

Yes, I did.

I'm like the Zelig of violent crimes.

Why did you see that movie?

The age of Adeline.

No, no, no.

Because Blake Lively is stunning in everything.

I've seen every movie, so of course I've seen that one.

Dabney, this is, this is some tough stuff.

I can't be caught again.

Well where's Mrs. Cole person?

I thought you were going to bring her along and have a, and have a, a date here at the prom.

I have some terrible news for you.

No.

Did you kill her?

Mrs. Cole, that was the one crime I hadn't done.

Oh no.

The worst commandment.

What happened?

Well, can I just say shit out the back yogurt out the front.

Oh my God.

You murdered her?

I choked her.

Why?

Because she didn't like your caricature.

She didn't like my caricature of her.

She was like, I don't play soccer.

My body isn't that tiny and I have feet.

Crime of passion.

You know what?

I think that'll hold up in court.

You can say you undermined your masculinity, your sense of self.

Dabney, do you want to turn yourself in tonight?

Because this would be the chance maybe to clear the slate clean.

They'll never fucking catch me.

But they will cause you live another 105 years.

You run away.

So slow.

I'll do all the crimes again.

He's so obese.

We're like walking around him in a circle.

He's dragging an enormous easel.

I have made about three feet away from you.

I know.

Dabney, Dabney.

You forgot your crepe paws.

Let me out this thing.

Come on.

I've been holding it.

Just barely holding it.

Give me all this.

Okay.

Now let me out of here.

All right.

Just stop that.

Well, I'm not paying him on PayPal.

I'm not doing it.

Venmo me, please.

No, I won't.

You know what?

We can just pin both murders on him and be done with this.

Let him get away.

They know where he lives.

So wait.

Pin both murders on Dabney?

Wait a second.

I have something to say.

What, Marissa?

Every time Dabney shows up, you disappear.

So what is it?

It's your fear of getting a caricature done by him?

No, let me tell you the truth.

I've been hired by the local newspaper to get pictures of Dabney Coleperson.

So anytime that he appears, I need to rush off and get my camera and get into some...

But you never make it back in time.

I never make it back in time to get him, unfortunately.

You never make it back in time.

I'm not hiring you anymore.

So, but wait, this is a good idea.

Let's just pin these murders on him and then Casey can come back and...

Because you know what?

Dabney's lived a long life.

He's living on borrowed time and CS has so much more he could do with his life.

So much more to give.

So many more places to travel.

I mean, Germany, India.

Yes.

Ecuador.

This is Ecuador.

Ecuador, clearly.

Let's get him back here.

We have a live recording just FYI of both of these men confessing to these murders.

So unless they can shape shift their voices...

Yeah, but let's get real.

Who's listening to comedy bang bang?

Seth, do you mind?

Oh, he's back.

I was listening.

I can't thank you guys enough for what you're about to do.

And we make a blood pact here today that...

I don't want to cut myself.

You cut open your penis.

Why is there blood coming out of the tip of your penis?

Everyone touch it.

Get whatever you want, whatever you need to get the blood inside your penis.

Hey, this isn't blood.

This is just Kool-Aid.

All right, whatever.

Why are you dipping your dick in Kool-Aid?

Was that the punch here?

Yes, that's the punch.

You're dipping your dick in the punch?

Now that's a crime you should be put away for.

Yeah.

Is this like a dentist who would collect semen and squirt it into people's mouths?

Did that happen?

I got the joke of that.

No one ever got the joke of that.

I got the joke of that.

What a joke.

It's not a joke.

There's no joke.

Radio.

I mean, if Kuchar does something, it's a hilarious show that we're going to keep on for seven years.

It's a prank.

It's a joke.

He wasn't injecting jizz into people's mouths and saying, ha-ha, a pandan-tist.

You don't know.

Have you seen the whole Justin Timberlake one?

Yeah, they didn't show all the footage.

He did that to Justin Timberlake?

Yeah, he wouldn't sign the release unless they took it out.

Yeah, and then Justin Timberlake did it to that guy he did commercials with.

Yeah.

From Six Flags.

No, but I heard that guy asks for it.

I heard that guy brings his own syringes full of other people's jizz and asks for it to be shot.

The process is fascinating.

Oh, yeah.

It's weird because he's just playing a newscaster.

It's no bigs.

Well, he also puts it in his shoes and his pants.

He just coats himself underneath the desk.

It's fucking weird, man.

Well, you know, whatever.

So Marissa, I'm sorry that this hasn't turned out to be exactly the prom that you wanted.

Yeah.

What did you envision when you- I guess I envisioned gutter balls coming in here and saying to me, you know, I broke up with Raven.

I can't stop thinking about you.

And then I was going to push you away.

You would fight for me.

Can I tell you something?

What you love me?

In the words of Miss Lissler here, turn around because there's someone in the doorway here.

Whoa.

I just saw it.

Turn around.

Oh my God.

Turn around.

It's just a silhouette.

It's a Bali silhouette.

Hello.

Oh, God.

I thought it was- Hi.

I left my pad here.

God, it looked like gutter balls in silhouette.

Okay, I'll see you later.

Damn it.

God damn it.

Sorry.

I thought that was gutter balls.

I'm so- Well, first of all, I don't know why you thought that because in silhouette, he looks like Alfred Hitchcock.

He does.

It looks nothing like gutter balls.

Why didn't you take a picture of him?

He was right there.

You had the shot.

You didn't take it.

I wasn't ready.

Oh my God.

You shouldn't put your camera back after you don't take the picture.

By the way, if your silhouette artist wanted to come by and get that amazing Alfred Hitchcock silhouette- I am the silhouette artist.

Whoa.

Yeah.

I use my camera to take all these pictures.

I need to take your shirt.

Somebody give me their shirt.

What?

Give me your shirt.

Give me those umbros, whatever it is.

Give it to me.

You can have my shirt.

I need to get rid of this shirt.

What?

You're going to finally take pictures of me?

Yes.

No, I just need to get rid of the black shirt.

Yes.

Here you go.

Okay, well, here's part of it.

Here's part of my umbro.

Here's one umbro.

Seth has given him his shirt and- Yeah, and now- Now, I'm just- Now, we're just given him part of her umbro.

Now, I'm just giving him the problem, some fucking craziness has to happen.

And if a stepdad can't get a party started, who's going to get it started, all right?

You want this party started, right?

Yeah, right?

Is that the- What kind of problem only lasts an hour, by the way?

Well, listen, when somebody gets- two people almost get murderly brooder-ed is what I was going to say.

Murderly brooder-ed.

There is something in that punch, huh?

Not just my dick.

But cause CSD's dick- Now, they have to try and apparently- You've had so much punch, by the way.

I have.

I have a lot of punch in this punch because it tastes salty.

It's wiener.

It's wiener dropping.

Wiener juice?

You know, by drinking the punch, we've already kind of went to, you know, third base.

Jamestown?

Yeah.

So, why don't we just do it for real?

To Jamestown?

You know, where everybody killed themselves.

The first American colony?

So, wait, Listler went to a cult and killed himself.

And, okay, look- This has been a complete- This has been bad, but- Are you guys ready for my performance?

You guys see why- What?

Oh my god, the cats!

The cats are here!

They are delightful!

Oh my god, they're dancing!

Okay, I'm gonna dance with the cats!

I'm gonna dance with these cats!

Oh, this is fantastic!

How did she get those little blazers on them?

Oh my god, and they're all voluntarily keeping them on.

Okay, kids, you ready to party?

Meow!

I know the music's been a little spotty, but it's time to get down with a- Meow!

Meow!

MEOW! MEOW! MATCH! MEOW! MEOW! MEOW! MEOW!

MEOW! MEOW! MEOW! MEOW! MEOW! MEOW! MEOW!

They're attacking us! They're attacking us!

OH MY GOD THEY'RE BREDING US! THEY'RE ATTACKING US!

BREDING US!

Everyone down! This is the police!

Oh shit! Oh shit!

Everyone down on the floor!

Hold this, hold this...hold this knife.

Who is going to fuck me tonight?

Oh my god! MEOW! MEOW! MEOW!

I'll see you in Ecuador my love! I'll see you in Ecuador!

Someone shoot these cats!

Oh, no! No! No! No! No! No! No! Oh, my God! No! No! No! Oh!

Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh!

Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh!

Guys, don't worry. Those weren't bullets. That was coming out of Mr. Rodman's ass.

The police picked Mr. Rodman up and used him to fire butt bullets. Is that what you're saying?

That's right. So my cats are not dead. They've just been temporarily nailed.

So I'm just bad based on what I just saw.

Yes.

Oh, we're all right. We're just covered in diarrhea splatter.

I've just been shredded by cats and now I'm covered in human feces. Thank God.

No, it is.

Guys, this is a prom that we're never going to forget.

Oh, my gosh.

It might not have lived up to any of our expectations, but it's one that we are never going to forget.

And look, you'll have another one next year.

And I'll have another one next week. There's a high school down the block that has...

Sweetheart, you know what we have to do? We have to get a prom picture.

Okay.

Everybody get in here.

Come on, everybody.

Both of you take off your tablets.

Mine's already off.

Does he have his camera?

Yeah, I got it right here.

Wait, whose camera are we?

Hey, let's have Dabney just sketch it.

Oh, yeah.

Did someone say my name?

How many of you play soccer?

None of us!

Hey, Dabney, we have to have Shakta on the picture, so just let's...

Where'd he go?

I don't know. We can't do the picture without him. I mean, there's no way.

Is he that guy who's been trying to take pictures of me?

That's right.

You know what? You snooze, you lose. Draw it up, Dabney.

Here, get in here. Try to...

Get in here a little closer.

Here we go.

Ow, ow, ow.

A little closer.

Say cheese.

Cheese.

Say soccer.

Soccer as well.

Peso, you'll get in here too.

How can we all fit in a tiny convertible?

There you are, and here you are.

Wow!

Easter Island heads. That's so great.

Yes, well, I'll see you on my next crime. Goodbye.

Bye.

He's a lovable man.

Hey, everyone, where'd he go? Is he gone already?

He's gone, yeah.

She's missed him.

How did you...

Oh, and look at this picture. You guys didn't wait for me?

We couldn't. You snooze, you lose.

I gotta go develop these back in my condo. If anyone wants to come, we'll do a little after party.

I've just been telling people about it. It's no big deal.

It's a small thing.

Excuse me, are you guys clearing out for the prom?

Because we're having a Debtors Anonymous meeting here, and you guys are supposed to be out by nine.

Debtors Anonymous? Who are...

Oh, I shouldn't ask you who you are, right? Are you supposed to be anonymous, or...

Well, I might... Vance H. if you want to know.

Oh, okay.

Alright, well Vance, the gym is covered in human shit, so you might want to give it some time for Peso to clean it up.

Was there a Poop Lovers Anonymous meeting?

No, I mean, although...

That's kind of an anonymous joke. I didn't see the anonymous meeting.

No, unfortunately the police came and fired a human being's poop bullets out...

Oh, that happens.

...of a dead body.

Yeah, that happens.

Yeah, so, wait, Debtors Anonymous? What was your problem with debt?

I just... I was addicted to debt.

Really?

Yeah, I just spent a lot of money.

At this late hour, we're gonna ask this fucking stranger what his problem with debt is?

How much are you in debt, sir?

I'd go on the Alibaba website and just go crazy.

What's the Alibaba website?

It's like Amazon, but in China, so the shipping costs are always out of control, but that was part of the rush, so...

Okay, I don't think we're interested in that.

Was that worth it?

I don't think so.

You know what, before the prom ends here, there is one last thing we like to do on the show, and why not do it during prom?

It's a little something called Plugs.

I kick in and I'll keep out Everybody's dipping in the plug bag Everybody's dipping in the plug bag I'm a fucking murderer.

Whoa! Wait, what'd you just say?

I said, now I'm a murderer.

Okay, that was Dippin' in the Plug Back by Ethan Edinburg.

And what are we plugging, guys? Obviously, the Womp It Up podcast, you guys have been doing it.

You have a couple of seasons under your belt.

We're serving it up hot and fresh.

What else do you keep under the belt, by the way? Because that belt is a... I don't know how you keep it up.

That's all skin. That's all skin.

I have what they like to call Excess Skin Disorder.

Oh, yeah, ESD.

It's growing in places it shouldn't grow, it's growing longer, it's like phantom limb symptom, only there's no bones in there.

Right, yeah, okay.

So, yeah, I have to loop it all up under my belt loop.

So, Womp It Up comes out here on the Earwolf Network. It's been coming out weekly.

This is the first time that we've been able to consistently release episodes every week.

You just came out with 26 episodes in a row. Your second season is finished now, but people can all catch up on these.

And we're continuing to go on. We're not taking a break.

Third season coming back.

Yes, it's coming back. We've been renewed.

Very good.

And we've been asking everybody to convert Wompsters.

So, if you enjoyed what you heard here today, go check it out and then convert some Wompsters out there.

That's right. If you see something, say something.

Yeah, it's a very... the Wompiverse... or the Wompiverse?

The Wompiverse, people feel...

The Wompiverse is ever expanding.

They feel afraid at first because how can I possibly catch up?

But the truth of the matter is you can jump right in into the middle of it.

Jump right in.

Yeah, the water's warm.

Speaking of warm water, Seth, what are you plugging here?

Oh, thanks so much for that graceful segue.

You know, I've been watching a lot more TV since I've lost my podiatry business.

And your wife.

Yeah, she's as elective. She's doing that on her own.

But I discovered a channel called Adult Swim.

And on that channel, I found this great program called Mr.

Neighbor's House, which is available on their website right now for free. You can check it out.

But even better than that, there is a new Mr. Neighbor's House coming out.

Mr. Neighbor's House 2 by Brian Husky, who is the gentleman from the Raspberry Blueberry commercial with JT.

Oh, the bald guy.

Yeah, the bald guy.

Looks like Jason Lee.

That professional bald guy.

Yeah, he puts semen in his shoes when he does commercials.

That's right.

That's the guy. It's coming out on June...

Ooh, that's going to be good.

It's coming out June 24th at midnight on Adult Swim.

Ooh!

Mr. Neighbor's House 2, please.

Mr. Neighbor's House 2, okay, great.

So I'm going to have a viewing party at my house.

Sweetheart, we're going to have people over.

Can't wait.

Okay.

We'll not be there.

Mr. Steers, do you want to plug in anything?

Yeah, you know, since I came on Womp It Up, I kind of fell in love, I think, with podcasts in general.

I love hearing people's voices in my ear.

And there's a great new one called Unspooled, where these two hosts...

Ooh, that's very good.

Unspooled.

Unspooled, the 100 best movies according to the AFI film list.

And they go through each one because I think we realize that a lot of the times, we say that we've seen these movies, like Citizen Kane or Singing in the Rain, we maybe not have seen those movies.

Any ASMR in this show?

The whole podcast is very soothing to listen to.

It's hosted by Amy Nicholson from The Canon and this other guy, Paul Shue.

Another professional bald guy.

Oh, that's the guy from the Raspberry commercials.

Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.

He was on The Daily Show.

He does a lot of stuff.

Yeah, and then Bix the Hazard.

He was very funny on The Daily Show.

Did a little bit on House of Cards.

He's on Rip Line 9 now.

Alright, well I want to plug, I have a couple of shows out there, Are You Talking REM Re-Me?, my show with Adam Scott that I do every week that comes out on Wednesdays here on Earwolf, and also, Freedom with Paul F. Tompkins and Lauren Lapkus, that's on Stitcher Premium.

Go head over to stitcherpremium.com slash three-dom and use offer code three-dom.

You'll get a whole month free.

Alright, let's close up the old plug bag.

Whoa, what a bag it's time to open it.

It's time to open the bag.

Open the bag.

This is too long.

Alright guys, well Marissa, I just got to say, I know that this prom wasn't exactly what you had in mind.

No, it was.

Prom is over.

Can we play one last song, Listler?

I'll put my address on the piece.

Hey, can we dance?

Alright, you want to dance with me?

Alright.

Yeah.

Normally, I would...

You don't know where you're touching me.

I would put my arms around your waist.

I don't have one.

You just have like a descending...

That's right, cone shape.

Cone shape, yeah, alright.

Listler, would you care to hit the old D floor?

Can't handle it.

Oh, we'll see about that.

You're my little keeper.

I'm gonna touch you.

Let's go.

Casey Stiers has picked up Dana Rodman's father's dead body and is dancing with him.

He's slow dancing with it.

Just keep it going.

Yeah, yeah.

Like a We Can Dance Bernie's scenario.

It is.

It's very funny.

Yeah, so I can date your daughter.

Okay, thank you, Mr. Rodman.

I really appreciate it.

You know, I'm so glad you came to this point of view.

Thank you, Mr. Rodman, for letting me be with your daughter sexually.

All's well that ends well.

Marissa.

You seriously need to get out because we're about to have this meeting.

Vance, shut the fuck up.

Just one more song.

Marissa, you know, I feel bad that this might not have been the prom that you wanted, but, you know, you've been on the show for nine years and you're probably almost 40, so here you go.

Whoa.

Oh my God.

Yes.

The answer is yes.

I will marry you.

I didn't ask you.

No, no, no, no.

Are you marrying Chuck Tuff?

Is it happening?

No, no, no, no.

I'm heir to the comedy bang bang fortune.

Oh, no, no, no, no, no.

Look out, Meghan Markle.

There's a new American princess.

Okay, look, we need to call it.

Well, we'll come back next week.

It's time for Debtors Anonymous now.

By the power vested in me in the state of California.

We'll see you next time.

I now pronounce you man and wife.

Please, no.

What power was invested in you?

Universal life church buddy.

Never fuck.

All right, we'll see you next time.

Thanks.

Grant me the power to not use my credit card to purchase things on the Alibaba website.

Thanks, we'll see you next time.

Bye.

We are having a meeting.

This has been an Earwolf production.

Executive produced by Scott Aukerman, Chris Bannon and Colin Anderson.

For more information and content, visit Earwolf.com.

.
