---
layout: page
title: 550. Jason Mantzoukas, Andy Daly [https：⧸⧸cloudfront.wolfpub.io⧸CBB-550-20180510-ZouksDaly-SKv01-PW.mp3].mp3.wav
category: cbb 
---

♪♪♪ If you have nothing nice to say, that's normal.

It would be weird to compliment me for forcefully fusing your dog and your cat into one being. Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

Thank you to Alfredo Soles Fuentes! For that wonderful catchphrase submission. Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang and what an episode.

Are the finger guns part of the Twitter handle? They are not. I believe that's Wampler's deal more than mine.

But welcome to Comedy Bang Bang and what an incredible episode. Episode 550, coming at ya. We are...

It's a big number.

50 past the half millennia mark? The five century mark?

Hello? Hello? Aren't the listeners supposed to back me up here?

Sorry, yeah. Yeah, I guess you're right. We have 50 past the half millennia. If that's how you're measuring it.

I measure everything by a half millennia.

Do you feel as though when you get to a thousand episodes, you will just... that's it? Is that your goal?

I don't know. You know, that's interesting.

Your stated goal is get to a thousand. A thousand episodes and a movie.

Because honestly, like a thousand, that's great for a baseball player. Why wouldn't I want to achieve that?

Sure, because you love baseball. Everybody knows you love baseball.

Look, if you're batting a thousand, you're the best baseball player who ever lived.

What's interesting is this started as a baseball podcast.

It really did. Yeah. In fact, let's get to it. Who do you like this year?

Oh, man. You know, I'm thinking these guys out there are hitting some balls.

Yeah, I think the prawns are going to go all the way.

Oh, really?

Oh, yeah. I don't know. The little prawns, they're hitting big.

I feel like the cardboard boxes are looking great this year.

CBeebs! Welcome to the show. I'm Scott Aukerman, your host.

The Cardboard Box Boys, CBeebies!

Yes, Comedy Bang Gang.

Are you still banned from watching the team that CBeebs bankrolls?

Long way to get there, but worth it.

No, what exactly did you ask me?

Guys, what is happening?

He took a huge sip of coffee right after that.

I was like, I am not ready for this show.

A sip of Jesus juice.

Yipes!

Slikes!

Here we go. Here we go.

Three, two, one. Boom.

Let me introduce our guest to you. You know him by voice alone, but if you were looking at him, you'd know him by sight.

Please welcome Jason Mantzoukas.

How are you, Scott?

I'm good, buddy.

Thrilled to be here.

I know.

What's happening?

Boy, I tell you, a lot of changes on the show.

What do you got?

Now, there's sort of a cliffhanger at the end of each episode.

Cool.

So, yeah, yeah.

So, are we picking up where last episode left off?

No, this is the first episode where we do it.

Great. I love it. Ooh, I can't wait.

A lot of changes just for, I mean, starting this episode.

I hope there's like a bum, bum, bum, sting at the end of the show.

A homeless man?

Yes. I hope there's a bum, bum, bum.

Oh, I see. You meant musically.

It's all little bums.

Show me your little bum.

Oh, show me that little bum.

Let me ask you a question. Have you ever, have you ever in a relationship shown the other person in the relationship your butt?

Yeah, sure.

Like, and I don't mean like, hey, I've been naked and yeah, she saw my butt, you know, like in passing.

I mean like literally like unveiled it.

Oh, like for the first time? Like, oh, now you're getting to see my butt?

Like, like I'm showing you my butt now.

Oh, no, no.

Well, I mean like my version of that is like I for sure moon people all the time.

Sure, sure.

But that's not what you're describing.

But in a relationship.

Are you saying like cutting out part of a sheet?

Not like a puppet show.

Putting it down so that just my butt is revealed so that they are not, they are not able to look at the rest of my butt.

No, they're able to look at whatever.

It is just, it is in itself.

And I'm like, okay.

Shadow boxing.

Okay, you can come in now. And then she comes in and it is just my butt?

Yeah, just your, yeah, just the butt please.

That is my order at the strip club.

I would imagine with a, in male relationships, there's a certain point where the male unveils.

In male relationships, there's a certain point where the male unveils?

The male unveils the, the, the, the genital, the, the, the, the.

What do you mean in male relationships?

I'm meaning that if it's two females, I don't know.

I see what you mean.

I'm just got it.

If there is a man in a relationship.

And there may be more than one.

You're talking about the dick reveal.

Yes, exactly. Now we all know that that's part of the deal.

Sure, sure, sure.

But is there a butt reveal of like, well, you've seen the dick.

Well, see, I would say, I would say the butt reveal should come first as that to me is the curtains to the dick.

The butt is the curtains of the dick.

And it's like, and now the star of the show.

Presenting.

And then you got Gene Kelly and Donald O'Connor working behind the scenes to lift that curtain.

Yeah, no, I think the butt is, I think the butt is the curtains of the dick.

I agree.

And I think of all of my sexual relationships as if they are theatrical productions.

Yes.

We had a, didn't we have a theatrical producer in here at one point?

We did. Oh yeah. Don DeMillo.

Don, I don't remember.

Don DeMillo. Great guy. Great guy.

I've had so many guys on the show.

I still have a business card of his and it somehow is still moist.

Where have you been keeping it?

It's just sitting out on a table. I left it out in the sun and somehow it is still moist.

Wow.

I don't know what that guy is handling, but it is no good.

He, like Tom Arnold, hot on the track of the Donald Trump pee tape.

Oh, is he? Yeah. I didn't hear his pilot.

Yeah.

I threw that one out the minute it got sent to the inter-wolf.

It is pretty terrific.

Speaking of pee tape, Yup.

Have you, is that part of your repertoire?

Yeah, yeah. Filming myself peeing?

All the time. Filming myself peeing on the tape.

Have you, you've put yourself on tape for that?

Yeah, yeah, yeah. Well, you know, a lot of times when you're an actor in Hollywood, you are asked to put yourself on tape for certain roles.

Right. Meaning they don't even bother you coming down and wasting their time.

Please don't come to the office and audition in person.

We don't want you to know where we are.

We would love to receive a shaky camera, a video of you in your home.

That to me is always the thing about putting, or people putting themselves on tape is they are just giving people insights into how they live.

Yeah. That's how I felt like when I got a request recently, put yourself on tape for this project. I looked the, the, the, the people up.

Goodfellas 2?

Goodfellas 2 were better than ever. I looked the fellow up.

I didn't see really any credits. It seemed like some sort of elaborate scam to like, maybe at some point the camera would catch a magazine that I had out that had my, my mailing address on it.

And did you, did you have to pee and or jerk off on the tape?

Yes, of course.

Did you get the part?

Oh, that's heartbreaking.

But I also wondered if like, you know, they were hoping, oh, maybe there'll be a birthday cake and with the little time code of what day it was.

So we know his, so we know his birthday and maybe he'll say his first pet's name as, you know, you think this is an elaborate identity theft.

Yes, that's exactly what people trying to find out your birthday to get you gifts.

What if that was part of like you making any kind of friendship you, you at the beginning of year, January 1st, like, oh, I just made a friend a couple of weeks ago or like three months ago, you say, by the way, this is the beginning of the year. I have a birthday this year.

And I expect you to celebrate it and find it out.

I'm not going to tell you what it is or what if you're like the kind of guy that's like, oh man, I forgot my girlfriend's birthday and I can't ask now how am I going to figure it out?

What kind of guy is that?

I'll have a fake casting director.

Send her an audition.

And even though she's a pediatrician, I bet she'll do it anyway.

And I've forgotten her height and her profile.

And I want to make sure she's got all her fingers.

So make sure you get her hands in there.

I've forgotten if she has all her fingers.

Have you ever had to do that in an audition?

No, where they hold the hands up?

Hold your hands up and show both sides of your hands because the presumption is in the, it's usually commercials in the commercial.

Somehow you will have to hold the phone or do something.

Well, isn't that automatically eliminating anyone who doesn't have all their fingers?

I mean, that's, that's not cool.

Yeah, that is not cool.

It's not cool.

You know what? Fuck that.

Yeah, really. I mean, that's very ableist of them.

I'm not doing any more of that.

Good.

You know, if I do it, I'm going to hide one of my fingers.

What have you had a fake, one of those fake thumbs, Harry Anderson, by the way, the great, all right.

All right.

Possible. Definitely possible.

The great actor was on our show and I think he just had a couple of lines on comedy bang bang.

And he came with like a whole bunch of stuff.

And one was after he said his line, he'd like then took off his thumb.

It was a fake thumb.

I was like, what?

There is. That's amazing.

There is, um, some channel is playing cheers now, like all the time.

Right.

And I've clicked past it a couple of times and recently, yes, recently I caught a cold open with Harry Anderson's like a con man character.

Yeah, the best.

And I was like, this is so good.

So good.

His, uh, you know, his daughter was one of our writers.

Absolutely.

Um, and that's, I believe the only reason he did the show, because why, why would you have done comedy bang bang unless you had heard of it or knew one of the writers?

I didn't, I did it only because I got tricked into doing it.

Right.

Yes.

I had you put yourself on tape and I found out your identity.

And then you were like, now I know your birthday.

You have to do the show.

I didn't even find out that.

I just found out your identity.

Jason Manducas.

What?

Who is this guy?

I know what he sounds like.

Now I know what he looks like.

Um, what, give everyone out there who can't see you, uh, an update on your beard level because it seems to me like we're about, uh, we're like in betweeners.

It's it's, I just was looking at it and thinking I should probably trim it now that it's getting hot.

Um, it is not certainly not as big as it's ever been, but it's not, it's not trimmed.

It's a little unreal as well.

Yes.

Every, every spring when you come to a double date or not a double date, a blind date, a double blind date, you only double blind date because I need, I need the other gentleman as well as he is blind.

He is blind.

He is blind on the, he's also on a blind date.

It's the only way that we can be sure you can just relax.

The experiment is valid is to be on a double blind date.

But do you come in like some sort of a, like you have a sheet of paper below the nose or a burka or some, some sort of thing.

A sheet of paper under which is a burka.

Right.

So you're like a reverse Batman in a way.

I will, you're basically disguising the beard to see if they like you for you.

In a few weeks I will reveal, you know, my beard, uh, the final beard of summer.

This is like a reality show.

Yup. You're revealing the final beard.

That's it. That's where we're at.

You're also a reverse Batman where you kill people's parents.

Yes.

I am the reverse Batman in that I'm trying to create Batman.

I'm like out there just murdering people.

And I'm murdering people in front of their child and then I'm saying, find me.

It's the long con.

Find me. I started doing this 20 years ago.

Oh wow.

Nobody has found me yet.

It's like planting a tree.

Find me.

Bring it on.

Planting a tree without ever knowing if you're going to be able to sit in the shade.

Oh my God.

What a beautiful idea.

What a beautiful sentiment that is.

Um, J-dog, we can't, we can't continue without, uh, giving everyone an update into your love life.

We, uh, we've checked in with you periodically over 550 episodes and you've been primarily a lonely soul.

Sure.

Who is, is resigned to roam the earth unencumbered with companionship.

Um, but where are we now?

I have an update.

This is huge.

As of this moment, what is it?

June something?

June 11th.

It is June 11th.

I'm here to report I am still single.

Still single.

Okay.

Hopelessly so.

I want to say I have transitioned into being hopeless.

Now it's dire.

It is quote, not cute anymore.

Unquote.

I've, I've, I've settled into the part where it's like sad.

And this is not a of your own choosing.

Although, uh, no, I carry this, I carry an engagement ring in my pocket at all times because you know what?

You never know.

I don't want to waste it.

I don't want to waste an opportunity.

I am proposing.

How many times have you proposed 17 times?

Okay, see, this might be part of the problem.

Why you're still saying all to the same woman whose name again, I don't know.

She just seemed cool at the coffee shop and I just kept going for it.

Does she work there or she's just, she just was getting her coffee.

Okay.

So 17 times you've been able to run into her at the coffee shop.

No, no, no.

17 times within the hour and a half from which I saw her in the coffee shop and, and I kept following her.

And I was escorted from the premises of her workplace.

Wait, you were at her workplace too?

Yeah.

I followed her from the coffee shop to her workplace, which was a children's hospital.

Oh dear.

This has led to a lot of problems.

Was it Megan Malali?

Yes.

It was Megan Malali from the TV show Children's Hospital.

Well, I'm sorry to hear that.

You know what?

I'm out there.

I'm out there, you know, just trying to be a single man in the world, not on social media.

So people can't slide into my DMS apparently.

They can't slide into your BMs.

Anybody can slide into my BMS.

You know what?

You'll slide on my BMS because I dropped those turns on the floor.

That's another problem with you is you don't have a bathroom.

It's not that you want to, but you just don't have a bathroom in your house.

That's okay.

Here's the thing.

I do have a bathroom.

I just don't like to use it.

Oh wait.

Okay.

Because it's downstairs and mostly I'm just like, you know what?

I'm upstairs.

I'm an upstairs guy.

I'm an upstairs boy.

Upstairs boy.

We've been living in that.

Anyway, so I will just, you know, I'll just drop.

So this is your improv song style.

We've been living in that.

I started and then I was like, oh, I just remembered.

I hate singing.

Anyone singing or just you singing?

Anyone singing, but myself singing, I don't like in particular.

So you don't like music?

I don't like.

You like chamber music where no one's singing?

Yes.

I like classical.

I like very delicate chamber music, a string quartet, a harpsichord.

You love to listen to it whilst you duty upon the floor.

Yes.

Whilst I turd in the corner of my living room.

Well, Jason, you're a disturbed, sick fuck.

Wait, we haven't gotten an update on your love life.

What's going on with you?

Everything's fine.

Yeah, everything's good.

Everything's all good.

Great.

Still moving forward and progressing nicely.

Terrific.

Don't you worry about me.

How's that dog?

We have two now.

I don't know if you know that.

What?

Oh, I didn't know that.

Yes, we have a second dog.

Since when?

Since a couple months back, I believe.

Great.

Yes.

Have you unveiled the name?

Yes, Molly.

Great.

Is it Molly's game?

Much like I unveiled my butt to her.

Is it Molly's game?

It is.

That's the game we play.

Oh, Molly, what are we going to do tonight?

Molly's game.

And then Tobey Maguire comes over, who's in place for Adam Scott.

Great.

Smart.

Oh, boy.

Oh, we're having a great time.

Good stuff.

But it is.

We've got to go to a break, though.

No, we don't have to go to a break.

I'd love to go to a break.

No, we're not going to a break.

Let's get to our first guest.

You're my co-host here.

Yep, this guest is a break.

So don't take a break while you listen to our guest.

That would be impolite.

Now, I'm not sure if you guys have ever met.

We have.

You have met.

I believe we've met a couple of times.

A couple of times.

Okay, it's so hard to remember these things.

I know.

And keep track of these things.

But I have met him a handful of times, as I recall.

And I believe, let's see, let's tick through his characteristics.

He is a championship water skier.

He has, let's see, I believe he's auditioned for the band Sha Na Na several times.

Unsuccessfully.

I believe he started his own group called Na Sha Sha.

Oh yeah.

You're talking about me.

I'm talking about you.

Yeah, yeah.

Hey, what's going on?

Come on over to the mic.

Do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do.

Whoa.

You know what that means?

Yeah, what's going on?

It is, of course, our good friend Hot Dog is here.

Sometimes I go by Wolfman Hot Dog when I'm doing radio, you know, as a tribute to Wolfman Jack.

That's right.

This is a podcast, though, of course.

Oh, shit.

All right.

Okay, I thought, all right, then.

Why, did you want to go by Wolfman Hot Dog today?

I want to go by Wolfman Hot Dog.

Yeah, that's fine.

No, but I had a whole list of people I was going to say hi to, but.

Let's do it.

Well, I told them.

They could be listening.

I told them to get around the radio.

Run down that whole list right now.

If there's a list, I want every name.

Well, you know, Screamin' Scott and Jocko and all the guys that shot Na Na Na on the list.

We want to hear it.

If you introduce a list on this show, it will be red.

Just ask Bob Duca.

Oh, man, I told all my guys down at the Classic Cars, you know, every Friday night at Bob's Big Bird.

Oh, you're over there at Bob's Bid Binder.

Yeah, I go over there and I bring my classic car.

Of course, I had to sell my car, but I still go over and I hang out with the guys.

What car did you have and what car do you drive now?

I had a 1988 Volvo and I had to get rid of it.

Yeah, I had a.

Wagoner sedan.

It was a sedan.

Good question.

It was a 1988 Volvo sedan and it was, I lost a window.

Which one, the front one?

No, one of the back ones and a whole bunch of raccoons were just living in the car all the time.

I was like, we can share the space, right?

I was willing to share the space.

Was it a family of raccoons or was it just raccoons who did not know each other?

No, it was actually two separate families of raccoons.

Oh, wow.

Okay.

They worked it out between them.

For a sedan, that's like to be a two-family sedan.

I know, it was a duplex.

Yeah, it's like a duplex situation where one family gets the front seat, the other gets the back seat.

And that was the problem because it was fine when it was just one family because they were in the back seat and I was in the front.

We were getting along and I was driving around town while they were sleeping because you know they sleep during the day.

Sure, raccoons in the back party in the front.

Yeah, and I didn't listen to any music.

I tried to be real peaceful and quiet and drive real slow because I knew the thing that did show up.

You didn't listen to Shana Anae?

You didn't listen to music in the car?

Well, for that period of time, that was one of my concessions.

I was like, I'm not going to listen to you guys, just please don't bite me.

That's a big one from you.

I know, but we worked it out because I said, you don't bite me and I won't listen to my Shana Anae, even though you know I love to listen to Shana Anae, particularly while you're driving.

But anyway, it's perfect for the road.

It's really driving music more than anything.

For fans who might not know Shana Anae and what their musical style is.

Fans of what?

Fans of this show.

Yeah, fans of this show, not fans of music because if you're a fan of music, you know Shana Anae.

You do know.

Quick, explain what kind of music Shana Anae is, where you might listen to it.

It's perfect car music.

It's perfect sock hop music.

It's perfect beach music.

It's perfect, you know, water skiing music.

It's for a man.

Are you able to bring a walkman or some sort of disc man into the water with you?

Oh, absolutely.

There's no rules against it if you're water skiing, even just for pleasure or for fun or for competition.

Well, for pleasure, I would hope there's no rules against it.

Well, there's some rules about pleasure, you know.

Well, I guess there are rules if you're water skiing for pleasure.

Don't get too close to swimmers.

Oh, sure, yeah.

Stay away from sharks.

You'll have a beheadings.

Well, I mean, that's more of a, that's not really a rule.

No, that's a rule.

Stay away from those sharks.

It's for the sharks' benefit, you know.

Oh, okay.

Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.

But anyway, what was I saying?

You're listening to music.

Shana, they're the number one interpreters of old time rock and roll music in America.

Oh, wow.

They started approximately 10 years after rock and roll was invented and said, hey, let's do some nostalgia about this.

Well, as a matter of fact, this is, 2019 is their 50th anniversary as a band.

So, this is a huge year.

2019 is a huge year.

Next year is a huge year.

For Shana, nah.

Well, but I'm considering it 2019 already because all the preparations that are underway and all the excitement in this building and I'm just feeling like we're there, we're there.

We're there.

Mentally, we're there.

Mentally, I'm in 2019 because that's going to be such a huge year for Shana, nah, you know.

And at this point in 2019, are you out and you're on to 2020?

No, I'm going to stay in 2019 until probably like 2025.

I mean, because it's, you know what I mean?

Once you hit a golden year.

Well, once you hit 50, you know, you kind of have, 50 means five years of that.

Oh, five years of 50.

I think that's fair.

Yeah.

It's like being, you know, 550 episodes, you know, 50 after a half millennium.

Yeah.

Wow.

That's wild.

That's real profound.

Yeah.

But Shana, nah, a lot of people know Shana, nah from Grease.

They were the band in Grease.

Oh, right.

And that may be the thing you know then, but were from their syndicated show.

Wait, so that John Travolta is in Shana, nah?

John Travolta wishes he was in Shana, nah, my friend.

I bet he does at this point.

I'm sure he does.

Yeah.

Like if everything was even and he was like, you know what?

I could either be John Travolta, a Scientologist who is, has a marriage, you know, and I'm not going to speculate about his marriage, but I don't know what's going on there.

And then they're all, everything else that's happened in his life, but he gets to be in Pulp Fiction or he could just be a happy guy.

He gets to be in Pulp Fiction.

He could be a happy guy in Shana, nah.

I bet he chooses Shana, nah.

He would definitely choose Shana, nah.

He would trade places with those guys in a heartbeat.

Do you, I mean, Shana, nah is like, you know, kind of a, for lack of a better term, a fifties gang.

Oh, well, yeah.

There are a bunch of street toughs.

They are greasers.

They're definitely greasers, that's for sure.

That's for sure.

As a fan of theirs, do you, are you on board for whatever gang activities they do?

Has that made you soft on crime?

Yeah.

Well, listen, I definitely got a real problem with authority, man.

I mean, if you've got a problem with me greasing my hair back and putting on a leather jacket, then we are not going to get along.

Now you have done neither today.

No, no, I ran out of grease and somebody stole my leather jacket, but.

Was it a raccoon?

Or was it, the window was out?

Well, that's the problem.

I was keeping a lot of stuff in my car because I was in between houses.

So this duplex was a triplex.

It was, yeah.

You and two families of raccoons were living in the Volvo sedan.

For a little while.

I mean, basically once that second family got in there, it was like I had to go.

Yeah.

You were, you were the unwanted roommate.

You were forced out.

You were evicted from your own car.

More or less.

And, but, and the way, how it all began was more or less.

More or more, more or more.

Somebody had smashed a window and taken all my things out of it.

And one of them was my leather car.

And then my can of grease.

Yeah.

My can of grease.

When God smashes a window.

Yeah.

What happens?

I don't know.

Yeah.

God, when God smashes a window, he gets your leather jacket and your hair greased.

That's how it goes.

My gosh.

Well, that, that's terrible.

Are you still in between houses?

Uh, yes, but happily so, you know, I'm living out on the beach and, uh, you know, I'm just kind of living on whatever washes up.

And it's, it's, but you're catching me on an upswing.

As a matter of fact, this is a good time.

What's the positive news?

Well, this is huge because it, and it eclipses everything else.

I have been inducted into the water skiing hall of fame.

Whoa.

Congratulations, hot dog.

Finally.

And, and all, so many good things have come from it.

I mean, I lobbied hard for that for years.

Let's talk about your water skiing just to remind people who haven't heard you before.

Well, the reason I go by hot dog is that I am a hot dog of water skiing.

You know that it does not have to do with the fact that you were water skiing upon hot dog.

No, although I did do some of that and what not actually, but you actually were water skiing on, I was water skiing on salami and you know, I was the first guy ever.

And that's one of the things that we talk about it.

That's a real hot dog kind of thing to do.

Yeah.

You're a hot dog.

I just want everyone to make sure they know it's not because you were skiing upon hot dogs.

That's correct.

It's purely your attitude towards skiing.

You were hot dogging merely upon salami.

That's exactly right.

I was hot dogging long before I came up with the idea of water skiing on salami.

I've been hot dogging for a long time.

When you finally got to salami, what other food stuffs had you been water skiing on?

Well, naturally I started with baguettes.

I was going to say baguettes.

Of course I did.

I would think red floats.

I bet it would be soggy.

You come up between the two of you, you came up with the pro and the con because that's true.

It does float, but on the other hand, right.

You're right.

It gets soggy.

You're right until you strap yourself onto the baguette and get yourself into the water.

I would love it if you would, did you ever try like six foot long party subs?

Oh, sure.

I tried a six foot long party sub.

As a matter of fact, I did that in association with the sandwich shop down there in Redondo.

Oh, nice.

Down in Redondo Beach there's a sandwich shop and I proposed it.

I pitched it to them and they provided the sandwiches for free.

For publicity.

Not for free.

I had to buy them, but for publicity.

But they got publicity and you paid for the sandwiches.

Yeah, I had a, well, of course.

I mean, you know, it's a sweet deal.

I worked it out with the sandwich shop.

Well, at least you haven't given their name now, so they're not getting further from us.

Brian and Rinaldo.

Oh, Jesus.

Oh man.

Brian and Rinaldo's down in Redondo Beach.

And was it two six foot party subs or was it one that you had to break in half?

It was two six foots.

Brian made one and Rinaldo made the other.

Is that how they work?

That's always how they work.

They alternate sandwiches?

They do.

They go one for one.

Is one better than the other?

Well, when you go into Brian and Rinaldo's in Redondo Beach.

Brian and Rinaldo's in Redondo Beach.

Are you like hoping for a Rinaldo?

Well, you're going to get me in trouble.

I can't say, but let's just say, let's just say Rinaldo seems busy working on a sandwich.

You're in good shape.

You know what I'm saying?

That's when it's time to step up.

Order, order then.

Yeah, yeah.

That's when you need to order.

Anyway.

Yeah.

So that was, yeah.

But look, that didn't work because all the ingredients, it was immediately obvious as soon as the boat started up.

And I started waving to my captain like, no, no, no, it ain't going to work.

It ain't going to work with the sandwiches.

Because the lettuce and the tomatoes and all the meats and everything just started flying right out of the sandwich.

Right.

And where was your captain?

On land or in the boat?

The captain was in the boat.

In the boat.

That's a good place for a captain when you're waterskiing.

He ought to be there.

They're not always, but he ought to be there driving the boat.

And what did he do when you waved, hey, we're not ready?

Did he alter his behavior at all?

This is one of the real problems.

And I'll tell you, this is one of the real problems with waterskiing.

If anybody could crack this, they will win a Nobel Prize in waterskiing because the problem is that the captain, by definition, has his back turned to his waterskier.

I'm sorry.

Did the Nobel Committee give out a prize in waterskiing?

Is it a peace prize?

No, it's a Nobel Prize in waterskiing.

Yeah, they have not given one out in years.

Oh, they haven't.

Because I know they give one out in science.

They give one out in multiple different disciplines.

Some of the awards are annual awards and some of them are just sort of as needed, intermittent.

How many years?

All of them?

What's that?

How many years?

All of them?

How long has it been since the Nobel Committee gave out a prize in waterskiing?

Yeah.

I've lost track personally.

Really?

It's been at least a decade.

Can you name one waterskiing Nobel laureate?

Well, I don't know for sure, but they must have given one to Terry Krakatoa.

Yeah.

They must have given one.

I can see that.

Because he was a bit- Posthumously.

Posthumously because he died.

Yeah, he did.

He passed away.

So your captain is facing the water as to not steer the ship into- And at this point, he's the captain now.

Who's the captain now?

Oh, yeah.

Well, hey, I know you're referring to that movie about pirates, right?

Yeah, right.

This is a problem facing waterskiers.

Really?

There's been a lot of accidents where pirates have taken over the speedboat that is pulling a waterskier, and then the waterskier is powerless.

The waterskier is literally powerless.

That's got to be exciting, though.

Well, yeah.

That's a bit of danger to add to a day's waterskiing.

Yeah.

I mean, and this is one of the reasons you have to be careful if you're waterskiing down at the Cape of Horn, the Horn Cape of Africa Horn.

Sure.

The Africa Horn?

Yep.

You know what I'm talking about.

You said it exactly right.

Did I?

The Horn Cape of Africa?

Basically, Africa's like droopid balls.

Yeah.

Excuse me?

Well, you know how Florida is America's drooping dick?

It is?

And Maine is the erection of the United States of America.

So wait.

That's what they call it.

That's what it says on the license plate.

So Florida is America flaccid, and then when it gets hard, it goes all the way to Maine.

It goes all the way to Maine.

It becomes Maine.

Well, have you ever been to Maine?

It's just fucking straight into Canada.

Yeah, man.

Everybody in Maine is horny, and there's a reason for that.

Yeah, and everybody in Florida is riddled with STDs.

That's true.

We've talked about it on this show, that movie Captain Phillips.

It's like half Captain Phillips.

Then the other guy comes in and goes, I'm the captain now.

Oh, yes, that's right.

It should change the title.

What's that guy's name?

I don't know.

Captain whatever his name is.

It should be Captain Phillips and Captain whatever that guy's name is.

Or Captain Phillips and then regular guy Phillips.

Oh, okay.

Since we're not really changing POV into the captain.

Yeah.

Anyway, sometimes Captain Phillips.

Or Captain Phillips, isn't the captain for the whole movie.

For the whole movie, so don't get your hopes up.

It just is.

Captain Phillips and former Captain Phillips.

Right.

As an audience member, help me manage my expectations.

Exactly.

For what I'm about to ... Force Awakens, right?

Okay.

I never saw the force sleeping.

Nevermind waking up.

In the first place.

Where was the force asleep?

It's a very descriptive term, but I never saw it actually happen.

Yeah.

I like Avengers Infinity War because it's like the Avengers are in it and they're going to fight the Infinity War.

Although I would have appreciated if it said Avengers fight the Infinity War.

Well, I figured it out.

Oh, see, I think that ... Oh, I think you misunderstood it.

I think the Avengers Infinity War is the Avengers are fighting a war that will last for infinity.

So you expected to go and watch this movie till the end of your life?

Well, I think this movie- And it would still be going on.

I feel like every movie that comes out subsequently is just going to be another installment of this war.

So you had made your peace with your family, your friends going into this movie.

You expected to be there until the end.

I was like, I need to see where this is going.

I got my affairs in order.

I wondered where you had been for the past month or so.

I wrote and executed a will.

I wouldn't mind seeing a prequel, by the way, where the force is asleep.

I wouldn't mind to see that.

Let's just watch that one.

Oh, yeah.

Like where someone is putting the force to bed.

Yeah.

I'm going to wake up the force.

Go the fuck to sleep.

Reading a story.

And then everybody's got to be quiet.

Yeah.

The force is sleeping.

Force is sleeping.

Please.

You're going to wake up the force.

Don't wake up the force.

Please don't wake up the force.

I spent a half hour trying to put the force down.

The force is so cranky.

Yeah, man.

So hot dog, what happened to the captain?

Oh, yeah.

He was staring ahead and you were on the sandwich.

Oh, no, I'm just saying it's a general problem with water skiing that the captain can't see it until a lot of times you're trying to flag down the captain and say, wait, wait, there's a problem.

I got a problem back here and he can't see you.

Right.

So he'll turn around and look and a good water skiing captain will turn around and look every once in a while, but he has to also keep his eyes out ahead of him.

Why can't this be a two person job?

Well, sometimes it is and sometimes you have a spotter.

That's true.

I'm surprised.

Spotter for the driving or spotter for the water skier?

A water skier.

Serious operation.

If you're in championship competition or something like that, of course you're going to have a spotter.

But if you're just out there pleasure cruising or something like that, you maybe can't afford the 20 bucks to give the spotter.

Spotter is best to be paid.

I think the spotter should be for the driving.

So the captain is driving the boat, but turning his head around to look at the water skier and the spotter is looking out ahead and says, Hey, Hey, Hey, you're about to hit something because it's much more likely.

It's much more likely that the spotter won't have very much to see in the open ocean in front of you.

But you as the captain are directly affecting the person behind you.

Give the spotter way more to do well.

Hey, you're going to hit this thing.

Otherwise you're paying a guy to basically like hang on and on the 10% chance he's going to see something wrong with the water skier.

Here's what I'm shocked by.

Okay.

I'm shocked that we don't yet have water skis that don't need a boat to pull them.

What are you talking about?

Like yeah, jet water skis.

Self propelled water skis?

Like jet skis, I guess is what you're, is that what you're pitching?

Basically why haven't we been able to boil a jet ski down into just two sticks that you put on your feet?

You might just have won yourself a Nobel prize in water skiing.

I mean like that idea.

The first one.

I mean that changes the game.

At this point in history, we should have that.

We have electric skateboards.

Yes.

Of course.

That drive themselves.

We have electric bikes.

We have self driving.

Self driving cars.

You're telling me we can't put a fucking motor into a couple of six foot subs?

Yeah.

Well, I mean I can tell you that on a rudimentary level, things like this have been tried.

People have tried to sort of, you know, Jerry Riggs and motors.

Is there something like that?

You know, the, every time you go to the aerospace museum, there's that.

Every time you go?

What does that mean?

What do you mean?

There's that five minute clip montage of all the people trying their airplanes.

And you going to the aerospace museum.

Every weekend, you know?

I mean it's fun.

You head out there every weekend out there to DC.

You know, they have that clip montage of the guy flapping mechanical wings.

All the times people tried to fly and they were like, they had a bad idea.

Is there something like that with water skis?

Well, there's only one video clip and you got to know a guy if you want to see it.

And it's because it's.

Is that guy Bill YouTube?

It's pretty.

Bill, well no, Bill wouldn't touch it.

His brother has it though.

What happened on the.

Randy YouTube?

Randy YouTube has got this one and it's on the Randy web.

Fred and this is well, the way the Randy web, I looked it up.

It is not what you think.

Oh really?

It is pretty Randy stuff.

Well, this is one clip that you can see and I've, I've seen it and I wish I could unsee it, but it is.

What happened?

Well, it's a clip of a guy who did try to put a couple of motors onto a water skis for this very reason.

Backfired.

And the reason in his case was that he had got into a real fight with his captain.

Oh, well what about does it, is that included on the tape?

Oh, well the captain, the captain slept with all three of this guy's wives.

Oh, this guy who was a polygamist?

No, no, no.

It was one at a time.

Oh, I see.

He's on his third marriage and he finds out this guy slept with this one too.

So they had a throw down and he said, and you know, by that point this guy was an asshole.

I'm going to tell you, so a lot of people didn't want to put, didn't want to be his captain and he said, I don't need a captain at all.

And so he tried to put mode and he went directly into the water.

These things propelled him deep into the water.

So they were they sinking or they were just literally like.

I think he must have just direction them wrong or something like that.

Oh, I see.

Instead of like, so they carried him directly to the ocean floor.

Horizontally it was perpendicular.

Of course he imagined he was going to be going over the water, right?

Right, of course.

You can picture what he had in mind.

When one imagines water skiing, that's first thought.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

But I guess, I don't know, he just angled them wrong and they sent him straight into the water.

Just straight all the way down.

Right down to the ocean's floor.

Right down into Davy Jones' locker.

And this was, he was doing this right over the Marianas Trench.

Do you know what the Marianas Trench is?

Yeah, of course.

So this was, as far as we know, he is still, he's still headed down there.

He's still traveling down there.

Oh wow.

Yeah, because it's so deep.

This is the deepest part of the ocean.

So deep that you're asked to sleep.

I was watching recently Blue Planet 2, the documentary series about the ocean.

And they had a whole section that was about how there's some animal that secretes a substance, a liquid that is heavier salt water.

So that salt water sinks to the bottom of the ocean.

So at the ocean's floor in this area of the world, there is a lake.

There's a lake of heavier water.

Oh, heavy water.

It's soup.

And that water has its own ecosystem that lives inside of it.

It's nuts, man.

It's worth checking out.

You know, I hear that and I figure I've got to find a way to water ski that water.

At the bottom of that lake.

You got to that lake.

And this is what they do.

They go down there because they're like, this is the deep it's the episode of the series that it's about the deepest of the deep part of the ocean that we know very little about.

They get down there and it's like this glass, like such a quiet thing.

And then right in their camera is a guy on motorized waters.

Holy shit.

Really?

He's he's down there across the lake like it's fucking Lake Havasu.

Whoa, motherfucker.

You know what I'm saying?

In the rarefied most rarefied water shreds it.

I wonder in that heavy water of bread wouldn't get soggy.

Oh, yeah.

Oh, man.

I could ski those sandwiches.

I could ski those sandwiches down there.

Here's what here's the danger I think you have in that respect.

I think all that lunch meat is going to attract sharks.

It might, but it's not bloody lunch.

I think it's like it might be rare roast.

Yeah, I think it's like chum.

And do you find that is another Jason before we do that?

Speaking of chums, we have to get back to our chum hot dog here after a break.

If that's OK.

I would love it.

We need to take a break.

So hot dog, you have we'll talk about the water skiing.

Is it the Hall of Fame?

The water skiing Hall of Fame and you have some other news for us.

I got a lot of news.

OK, great news.

Let's take a break.

When we come back, we'll have more Jason Manzookas, more hot dog right after this.

All right.

Comedy, bang, bang.

We're back here.

Jason Manzookas.

Yeah.

Dictator is here.

Oh, that's right.

From the house.

The house.

Always been on black on iTunes now.

Very funny movie.

We also have someone who's not in the world of comedy.

He is a professional water skier.

Well, yeah.

And a an airsoft member of Sean on a cover band.

What are you talking about?

Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.

Not sure.

No, we know you guys broke up.

Yeah.

Not sure.

I broke up.

Hot dog is with us.

Hey, what's going on?

What's up?

That's how I first came to be on this show.

Yeah, I'm sorry.

I asked him what's up?

Well, I sold that to weirdo Yankovic.

Oh, sold it to him.

Yeah.

OK.

Or bequeathed it to him.

Yeah.

So he says that during his concerts now.

Oh, he does.

Does he really?

Yeah, yeah.

So sorry.

Well, then I guess I better show up, start showing up at his concerts.

I guess so.

Although it's always great to hear from you, so I hope that you show up to this place as well.

No, probably not.

And I'm glad just to get little bits of updates on what's going on.

Like I had no idea about the water skiing hall of fame.

It's huge, man.

It's huge.

Where is it?

It's down in Polk City, Florida.

Oh, OK.

And the way it works now is that because they have limited space in the building.

The building itself is quite small, but I've been lobbying them for years because I've told them, you know, I'm the first guy to introduce water ski to firearms to water skiing, right?

I'm the first guy ever that water skis.

You corrected yourself, but you did introduce water skiing to firearms.

And they dated for a couple of years.

That's true.

But I'm the first guy ever to water ski salamis.

And you know what I mean?

I had a major impact.

Two six foot party subs.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

I mean, you're a pioneer.

Yeah, yeah.

And they were very resistant to it for a long time, but they finally said, man, if you want to come here and set up in the parking lot, you can do that anytime you want.

So I'm out there.

I got a tent in the parking lot.

Great.

Of the water skiing hall of fame.

And I go up and I set up my displays and all my photos from over the years and I play Shana Nah music and people come and you know, not everybody, not every visitor to the water skiing hall of fame stops in the parking lot of my exhibit.

But you know, is it a permanent exhibit or do you have to break it down?

It's permanent in the sense that once I put it up, I don't have to leave until they close.

You know what I mean?

But you do have to leave when they close.

When they close, I got to get out of there.

And then if I, and they've made it clear that if I don't take all my stuff with me, it's not going to be there.

I don't have to question it in a roundabout manner.

So it is, yeah, it is permanent.

Yeah.

So yeah, I mean, that's been really big for me.

Do you sell things?

What do you mean do I sell things?

Like do you have memorabilia that you sell or?

Oh, well, you know, if you go into the water skiing hall of fame, you can buy all kinds of like water skiing souvenirs and stuff like that.

Well, I bought a whole bunch of their souvenirs and then I resell them at a discount.

At a discount?

Yeah, man.

I'm a businessman.

A bad one.

You can get a key chain in there.

For how much?

They'll sell it for $5.95.

I'll give it to you for two bucks.

Okay.

You're losing money on everything you sell.

It's not bad.

No, no, you don't understand.

They're selling it for more.

I'm giving it.

Which you're buying.

And I buy it from them.

That's right.

And what I do is I go in and I buy like a hundred of them.

I buy them.

So you, that's a lot of money.

That's like almost $600 you spend.

Yeah, that's a lot of money.

That's a lot of money.

I had to take out a loan.

From whom?

Oh no, not since then.

Not Ronaldo.

No, I took out a loan.

I took out a loan from this bank.

Yeah.

You know, this.

Oh.

Yeah.

Which bank are we talking about?

It's cool.

It's a bank that this guy runs.

This guy runs?

Yeah.

This sounds like some sort of a shyster moneylender.

No, it's not a shyster.

It's an- I don't think we should be saying any of that.

This is- Why?

I didn't say Shylock.

Is that what you're saying?

I thought that's what you meant.

Yes.

Sorry.

Forget it.

Disregard.

I'm going to get a cigarette in my ice cream parlor, and this guy runs a bank out of an ice cream parlor.

Oh.

In Polk City, Florida?

In Polk City, Florida.

Is it also a gun shop?

There's a lot of things going on at this ice cream shop.

You get time share there.

You can get cigarettes, yeah.

You can definitely get cigarettes at this ice cream shop.

They have a cigarette-flavored ice cream, as a matter of fact.

Really?

Is that just because they dropped their cigarettes accidentally into it?

I don't know how it comes- I don't know the recipe.

You don't know how the sausage is made.

I sure don't.

But you do like to ski on them.

The ashtray flavor.

Yeah, it's popular.

But, anyway- Did you mean to say un before you said that?

What?

Unpopular?

Un, yeah, it's popular.

But look, this is the big part.

Now, I have so much news for you guys today.

Very big deal.

And if you'll indulge me, by the way- Oh, of course.

We have no one else to talk to.

If this is June 11th, then- Of course it is.

Well, then I have it important this day in water skiing history, if you don't mind.

Oh, please.

Okay, all right.

June 11th, 1978, Bobby Steensma invented Hitchin' a Ride.

Whoa.

I don't know what any of that is.

Bobby Steensma.

I know invented.

No, I don't.

Oh, well, he's one of the real legends of water skiing.

He's been in the Hall of Fame, in the building proper, since 1981.

Is he somebody that you know?

Does everybody in the water skiing community know each other?

A lot of us do know each other.

I met Bobby once.

Does he know you?

Don't meet your items.

But, anyway, it didn't go great.

He was kind of a dick.

But, anyway, it doesn't matter because he invented Hitchin' a Ride.

What is Hitchin' a Ride?

Is that a water skiing technique?

Let me tell you the story.

Paint a picture with words, please.

He was out there on a motorboat and his line broke, and that happens sometimes.

And as I say, he did not have a spotter, and he was waving frantically for his captain.

He was on the motorboat or he was being towed by it?

No, yeah, he's water skiing and his line broke.

Oh, no.

So now he's just out in the open water.

He's just out in the open water.

He's naked.

No, I think he had trunks on.

Wait, what?

But he's out there- He's naked.

I'm saying it's like when your line breaks, it's like the feeling of- But why does part of the thing need to be now he's naked?

No, I'm saying that he felt naked.

He must have felt naked and exposed- Because he wasn't attached to him?

Because he was no longer attached to anything.

I get it.

Now, his captain- Have you ever heard of a metaphor?

So he's just nude on skis, continue.

Okay, yeah.

So, and, I mean, he must have been scared, whatever, but he had enough of his line, and this is the amazing thing about Bobby Steenspoe.

He had spent some time as an actor in a Wild West show.

He knew how to make a lasso.

So this guy fashioned his water skiing line into a lasso, and he waited for another boat to come by.

Sure enough, a fishing trawler came by, and he lassoed the motor.

Whoa.

And he got, and that fishing boat had no idea he was there.

Oh, really?

And they took him all the way to the dock.

Wow.

Before his momentum slowed and he sunk, he was able to hitch a ride.

He was able to hitch a ride, and he has been doing this ever since.

He no longer- He does it on purpose.

He now just goes out with a lasso.

He just drops himself- Or some scissors.

He goes out into the water with a lasso, and he'll lasso any boat that's going.

Wait, how does he get going, though, in the first place?

Well, he's come up with a system where he straps his water skis to his back, and he swims out deep into the ocean, and then he puts his water skis on his feet.

He just waits for a passive trawler.

And he just waits for a passive, yeah, like a fishing boat.

Okay, my system is way better.

Go out with just- What's your system?

Go out with just scissors, be pulled by your own boat, cut it at a certain point.

But this is his whole thing.

This is how he changed the game.

He moved beyond having his own boat and his own captain altogether.

And here's the thing.

Why not start at the dock with a lasso?

When you see a boat leaving- When you see a boat passing by, this is much better.

Lasso it and leave with it.

Yeah, much better.

It doesn't have to be- Or do you have to start on water in order for a competition to actually count?

No, it doesn't matter.

He could probably do what you're proposing.

I think he could go out to the dock if he wanted to.

How come we never- But that's too easy.

How come we never see, like in the opening of the famous James Bond movie, Roger Moore is like skiing, mountain skiing.

Like how come we've never seen- This is the Spy Love Me?

I can't remember which one it is, but how come we've never seen like water skiing exhibited in like a James Bond movie or a James Bond movie?

Yeah, yeah, it seems fun.

Like everyone's always like, oh, a jet ski that's so cinematic or like- I believe Timothy Dalton in one of the James Bond movies did do some water skiing.

He did do some- Oh, yeah.

I believe there has been some water skiing features.

In a suit or in like- As a matter of fact, my friend Ahi, who was another legend of water skiing, did some work- Is he named after the tuna?

The name Ahi?

Well, in this game, we sometimes choose our own names and his name is really Barry, but he changed his name to Ahi and then very tragically was bitten by a shark.

Oh, boy.

Some people have speculated that it's because the shark believed that he was an Ahi tuna.

Wow.

Just had heard his name referred to- When you say some have speculated, how many?

As far as I know, it's just me, but that's my theory.

And you think it's because the shark heard someone call him Ahi?

That is what I think.

Yeah, people are just- You know, we used to use somebody's name and then the shark was like- No, we know how people use people's names.

You don't know.

You know what I mean?

Like somebody's like, hey, Ahi, come over here.

Or hey, Ahi, come over here.

We know all the situations the names are used in.

It's like, what's going on, Ahi?

How are you?

No, we know.

Was it a shark attack on land?

No, it was in the water.

It was in the water.

He was water skiing, but what I'm saying is on the boat or whatever in the water.

Enough people were saying, Ahi, you got this Ahi.

How many names- Is there a rule in water skiing, much like the other rules about don't bother the sharks, of how many times you can have your name said out there on the water?

Well, that's one of the problems.

It's unlimited, so if you have a name that might appeal to a shark- But what about hot dogs?

Hot dogs, yeah.

Hot dog.

Yeah.

Well, it's risky.

It's real risky.

Wow.

So I do say, I mean, I often say like, only say my name if you absolutely need to.

Or call you by your Christian name.

You know what?

That's what's cool though.

But sometimes on a boat, I'll say call me HD.

And that's what's great about you, I feel like, and what you're doing and your commitment to it this long, which I'm sure is why you are water skiing, hall of fame adjacent, is you are like reckless.

There is danger built into it, especially now- It's very dangerous.

Again, planet Earth 2- It's like going to see an acrobat on the high wire.

The waters are warming.

We have way more sharks now in our waters around our coasts.

This is dangerous.

For you to be out there taunting them with the name hot dog- Yeah.

I mean, maybe back during the 50s, I mean, this was all fun and games, but now it's serious business.

It's very, very, very serious business.

That's true.

And I don't want to say this and even make it a self-fulfilling prophecy, but the war between the water skiers and the surfers has only been heating up.

Oh, really?

Things are getting a little bit tense out there.

Yeah.

I believe the last time you were on, we were talking about the war between these two factions.

How is it progressing?

We have had an uneasy peace for a long time.

A lot of people call it a cold war for a long time, but things are getting a little bit stepped up because- The cold war is warming up?

The cold war is warming up just a little bit because, and the reason is, and it's almost understandable, some water skiers are starting to get into wave water skiing.

I don't know what that is.

What is wave, where you wave at someone while you're water skiing?

No, it's no- Because that doesn't seem that hard because- No, it's like- It's like where a bunch of water skiers are water skiing together and they do the wave like in a- Like in a baseball game.

... athletic event.

All of these things you're talking about have been done, but what I'm talking about- And they don't seem hard.

No, that's not, what I'm talking about is like- Is it where you're water skiing- Yeah, okay.

But you watch- I think this is how you're going to get it.

This is a 1980s made for TV after school special, The Wave.

Oh, I remember that one.

It is an allegory for Nazi Germany.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Well, again, that has been done.

Worth it?

Was that worth it?

Was that worth it for me to explain all that?

I think it was worth it because that's an important thing.

Is it when you're water skiing and you're listening on your Discman to wave files- Sure.

Oh, man.

That, as far as I know, has not been done.

That's not been done because a Discman would not be able to play them.

Thank you very much.

Okay, you're welcome.

Okay, all right.

But no, this is when you tell your captain, like, we are going to go over some big waves and I'm going to water ski over those waves and then we're going to end up on the beach and it's risky and you're going to- Wait a minute, wait a minute.

All of what we talked about has been done, but someone saying, hey, I want to go over some big waves has not been done.

Well, it's starting to be done.

It's just starting to be done.

Wow.

And the surfers aren't happy because now you're in their domain.

I mean, for a while it was like, you guys are on the big waves.

We're out deeper.

We're water skiing.

All the water skiers have said, fuck that, we're moving into the big waves now.

What do they call it when a surfer goes through that hole?

The tube?

The tube, yeah.

Gleaming the tube or whatever it is.

Yeah, gleaming the cube is a skateboarding movie.

You know what I'm talking about when you're going right through the eye of the needle?

Yeah, funneling.

That would be rad if a boat was pulling a water skier all the way through that.

Oh, would that be rad?

Would that be rad?

Yeah, I think it would be- You know what I mean?

Just trying to, it's almost like you're fucking the wave.

Yeah, man.

It's not like you're fucking the wave.

It's like the wave is fucking someone else and you're the cum cheesing out of it.

Bursting out of it?

Bursting out of the hole.

Not that kind of a show.

I apologize, hot dog.

The tunnel is the dick hole.

This is Jason Mantzoukas.

I don't know if you've ever been on the show with Jason Mantzoukas, but this is what he likes to do.

He likes to come here and make these sexual illusions and metaphors.

So I apologize.

And you just cheese out the wave dick hole.

Yeah, I just really apologize.

Well, but that's what's happening.

Water skiers have been cheesing out the wave dick hole and running into surfers.

I mean, and I literally like bumping into them.

If this episode isn't called cheesing out the wave dick hole, I am suing everybody in this room.

Well, so that's what's been going on.

It's been like a real traffic jam in some of those wave dick holes.

Yeah.

Have they thought of installing like traffic lights?

Well, I don't know how you would even do that.

I mean, you have to get a floating traffic light.

Yeah.

If they can, you know, install like oil derricks in the middle of the ocean.

It seems to me like put up a pole and have like a red light, you know, and like an intersection.

But then the wave has to crash right there.

I mean, I don't know.

Do you think, is this a, I hate to say this, is this war going to get bloody?

Like is this escalating?

Like will our, will our oceans run red with the blood of surfers and water skiers?

Listen, I hate to say it.

I hate to predict it because I, you know, I don't want it to happen, but yeah.

Cause you're also someone, as you've said, who pioneered water skiing with guns.

Well, and you know what?

And at the time, you know, I was just firing at targets and whatever and it was, it was fun.

Human targets, maybe.

Targets and fish.

And you know, I did, I did kill three captains, but that was accidental.

But, but you know, a lot of people said, Hey man, that looks like a shot across the bow to the surface.

And I was like, I'm not saying I intended that way, but I don't mind if they take it that way.

Yeah.

Oh wow.

So, you know, yeah.

I mean, water skiers are out there with guns.

That's all I'm saying.

But you know what?

I mean, does Shana and I have any songs about surfing?

Shana and I, songs about surfing.

I know the Beach Boys that was primarily, primarily they like to sing songs about one hobby, surfing.

Yeah.

Well, no, also drag racing, drag racing.

Yeah.

But you know what I mean about the Beach Boys?

I mean, little deuce coop.

Come on.

Yeah.

But the Beach Boys is kind of like, you know, if, like there was, if you know, Coldplay were out there singing about putting together puzzles, like, you know, like why sing about one hobby endlessly?

You know what I mean?

I will say all of Coldplay's songs sound like they're about putting together puzzles.

Puzzles of the heart.

That's beautiful.

Thank you so much.

I don't know about that.

But so, but does Shana and I do water skiing songs?

No one's done a water skiing song.

I've never heard of, no, no.

There's no, there's no rock group.

Everyone water ski, water ski tonight.

Yeah.

Oh, that's great.

There are bands that will play on water skis.

There are some water ski bands.

Oh, like who?

Uh, Jimmy and the Crickets.

Jimmy and the Crickets?

Yeah, Jimmy and the Crickets.

That's not Buddy Holly's Crickets, is it?

No, no.

That was a different, that was a different Crickets.

Oh, was there a problem there?

Well, Buddy Holly's Crickets, I think all died with him in the plane crash.

No, no, no.

They were like, no, Buddy was like, I'm taking this plane.

Fuck you guys.

Oh really?

And the Crickets were like, Buddy's such an asshole, he should have invited us on the plane.

Yeah, what a dick.

He's up there fucking with the Fats Domino.

But you know, with them, with them, when it's the Crickets, they just.

The La Bamba guy.

Yeah, the La Bamba.

Yeah, the Richie Valens, the Big Bopper.

Yeah.

Um, the Winitz, it doesn't matter.

I guess I said Fats Domino thinking of the Big Bopper, but I was just.

It's not Fats Domino.

Yeah, they were the same guy.

They were?

Yeah.

They were played by the same guy.

See, wait, it was an actor who played both of those guys?

Yeah.

Oh my God.

Interesting.

It was all actors and Buddy Holly.

Um, what did I call him?

Friend Holly.

Is that a Buddy Holly?

Yeah, you know?

I don't know.

It is a great question.

We should spend a good portion of the show.

Is Buddy short for something?

If you go by Buddy, is it because your name is.

Budwick?

Is it a common nickname for what?

Budwick?

Yeah.

So what I'm wondering is why do you like music from this era so much that has turned its back upon your side of this war?

Well look, you know, as you know, I have a relationship with Shauna and I. I have auditioned for them.

Well, a relationship in where they keep turning you down and they put out restraining orders as I recall?

As a matter of fact, yes, a lot of those things have happened.

But I.

I mentioned two things.

Yeah, well, those things and things of that general category, along with punches in the stomach and whatnot.

Now, but things that, look, this is, as I said, a lot of great things have come from my being inducted into the water skiing hall of fame.

Oh, really?

One of them is, and I don't even, to tell you this chain of events is amazing.

It's incredible the things that can happen in life.

As you know, I work at a car rental counter over there at Burbank Airport.

That is right.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

What did we, we've talked about it before.

What exactly happens?

What happens?

It seemed like there was some sort of detail about the way you interacted with customers or.

Oh, I don't know.

I can never sell anybody the supplemental insurance.

Oh, right.

That's my main problem.

But I was working at the budget and funny thing happened.

I went to work one day and it was, I was halfway through my work day before I realized that I was at Hertz.

And it was just, I had made mistakes.

And no one had cared.

Nobody cared.

And so now I'm at Hertz.

But anyway, since I'm at Hertz now, I'm in their system.

I'm in their database and you're not going to fucking believe this.

You're jacked in, huh?

Screaming Scott.

From Shana and I?

From Shana and I.

Rented a car through her, he never went to budget.

He started, he's, but he is a long time Hertz guy.

He's got the, he's got the wards card and everything.

He has a Hertz credit card.

He's always getting points anyway.

So because of that, he's getting Hertz points all the time.

Now because of that, I have his email address.

I got Screamin' Scott's email address and I'm like, I'm not going to use it until I have just the right reason to use it.

You know, I don't want to get asked.

Smart, very smart.

Very smart because I can imagine the minute you got it, you could have been like, Hey Screamin' Scott.

I now wanted to, you know, I want to, and I have, I have literally like 10,000 emails to Screamin' Scott in my draft folder.

But anyway, finally, when I got literally 10,000, literally, yeah.

I said, I have been alerted to, but that I, it's too much and I need to clean it up.

But by whom?

By Google?

I got a call from Tom Apple myself.

Tom Apple called me.

I believe you.

And I had to give him my password and everything.

Anyway, smart family pet name.

Did he ask you to put yourself on tape?

Yeah.

Tom Apple.

Yeah.

And send him a urine sample?

I had to send him everything.

DNA and everything.

But anyway, so that problem is resolved.

But you could have just spit into a cup.

I don't know why.

What's that?

For the DNA.

Anyway, go on.

I had to give him a quart of blood.

When I got into the water skiing hall of fame, I saw an opportunity and I realized if I could get myself into that hall of fame, I can get Sean and I into the rock and roll hall of fame.

Smart.

Which I know is something they want.

They have not even nominated or?

To the best of my knowledge, they have not.

By the way, I think the whole hall of fame system is such an asshole move to like, oh, we're going to nominate 10 bands this year, but only six are going to get in.

I'll tell you one thing about the rock and roll hall of fame.

No other award show has anywhere near that amount of complaining about people who didn't get in.

It is constant.

For an organization that is ostensibly pointless.

Yes.

And will allow almost anyone to regardless of their connection to quote unquote rock and roll.

Exactly.

And yet Shana Na is not in it.

I mean, does that make any sense?

I mean, this is the number one interpreters of classic rock and roll in the United States.

I guess that you could say that they should belong in a rock and roll interpreters hall of fame because they're not, they're not actually pioneers of rock and roll.

Shana Na has a song called the rock and roll hall of fame.

We should probably listen to it.

Don't you think?

Sure.

By the way, I want to do a new podcast called, are you Sean Na-ing to me?

R E me?

Please don't.

That's my idea for a new podcast and I might do a pilot.

But anyways, I, so I used screaming Scott's email address and I emailed screaming Scott and I pitched him.

I said, you know what?

Let me be the guy that gets you guys into the rock and roll hall of fame.

And that is now my job.

And he said, you can do that.

Go, go, go for it.

Whoa.

He said, go for it.

Was there anything else in this email?

Yeah.

He re he replied to you.

He replied to me.

Did you tell him you were hot dog?

No.

I didn't tell him that one.

What did you, what did you just use HD?

I signed off under a totally different name.

I signed off under the name kill bossa.

Yeah.

Smart.

Right.

Smart.

So, and he said, yeah, do it.

And I said, if I do it, can I be in the group?

And I have, he hasn't yet.

It's not a flat.

It's replied to that email.

This sounds like it was just recently.

How long ago was that?

That was like a 18 months ago.

Oh yeah, yeah, yeah.

I'm sure it's imminent.

You know, this guy, I mean these guys are so far.

If you look at your tour schedule, just replying to the other members of Sean, I know it must take up half the day.

No kidding about that.

How many people are in China now?

It's about five or six, but anyways.

And is it all original members at this point?

No, no, no, no, no.

They've got, they've got some new guys in there.

They lost some guys.

Is Bowser still in there?

Bowser hasn't been in the group for a long time.

John Bowser Bauman.

Host of the Hollywood squares.

Back in the, when it was the Hollywood squares game, match game hour.

Oh, he hosted it?

He hosted one of those.

Yeah.

He either hosted the match game or he hosted the Hollywood square.

I think he was.

As Bowser?

As Bowser.

No, as John Bowser Bauman.

He was the center square in Hollywood squares and then he was the host of match game, I believe.

Yeah.

Well he now, he's very politically involved and as somebody pointed out, he has never once backed a candidate that won.

Not even one time, but.

Not even one time.

Apparently not.

Wow.

Big into Dukakis.

John Kari.

He was all in for Mondale.

But.

All in.

And when you say that, I mean my fist in my mouth.

Oh yeah.

He could put his whole fist in his mouth.

So now that's my job.

I am crusading to get the Shana Na into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame.

How are you going to do this?

Okay.

It involves your listeners writing in letters.

These listeners or the listeners of Shana Na?

The listeners of Shana Na are presumably already on the case.

And I, but it involves all of your listeners.

You need to write a letter to the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame.

I wonder.

Because so many people listen to this show.

That I think if we all for fun tried to get Shana Na into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame.

I wonder what that would take.

We got to do it.

We need a little more.

We need to make it one step easier for people.

I feel like.

Okay.

Well, there's gotta be an online voting.

That's what I'm saying.

I feel like we need to be giving people a thing that they can just do.

There is online voting and I know, I know that that's part of it every year now.

So I guess the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame has online voting.

Yeah.

I think it would be fun for, in the name of hot dog.

I wonder.

Yeah.

To get Shana Na into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame.

They'll put Bon Jovi in there.

I mean, this is what I'm saying.

You know what I mean?

When Bon Jovi came out, it was like, Oh, this is like, you know, you know, this is like cut rate Boston.

Bon Jovi had a whole long speech about how ridiculously long it took to get him into the Rock and Roll.

He is bitter.

He, John Bon Jovi has been like vocally bitter that they have not gotten in yet because, and it's all because he thinks he says rather that he, that Jan Wenner doesn't like him, that the whole thing is personal beef between Jan Wenner, a Rolling Stone founder and Bon Jovi.

Well, that's good information cause Shana Na needs to butter up Jan Wenner.

Oh yeah.

So the other, the other way you can come at this is just everybody tweet Jan Wenner.

What about Shana Na Jan?

You think there was Jan Na Na?

Hey, there's like a Jan Wenner wanted to join Shana Na and call it Jan Na Na.

If you, would you be upset if Shana Na let Jan Wenner in just to get into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame and change their name to Jan Na Na?

I mean, I wouldn't love that.

I wouldn't love it, but I would like it because if they get into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame, no matter how I think, I think I'm in the band.

Wait, do you want Shana Na to be happy or do you want to be in the band?

Which of those two?

Well, what difference does it make?

The other thing we could try and do is see if we can get Na Sha Sha in the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame.

That's going to be impossible.

That's going to be hard.

Na Sha Sha, we have not recorded an album yet.

The tribute band Hall of Fame.

We have to wait 25 years.

A tribute band, a Shana Na tribute band.

Tribute band Hall of Fame.

Getting into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame before, oh, I see the Tribute Band Hall of Fame.

There should be a Tribute Band Hall of Fame.

There should be.

The Electric Punks.

You might have just won the Nobel Prize in Hall of Fame.

Can I ask, is every other band or artist that played at Woodstock alongside Shana Na, are they in the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame?

Oh, that's a great argument.

That's a great argument.

I'm sure there are bands that played that are not in the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame.

Ten years after, are they in the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame?

Is Richie Havens in the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame?

I bet.

I could see Richie Havens being in.

I don't know about the Turtles though.

The Turtles, did the Turtles play Woodstock?

Yeah, I think so.

Jefferson Airplane?

John Eddy.

John Eddy's not in the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame.

Shana Na is not even part of the conversation anymore.

Like if you look at the list of people, they're all the way up to Depeche Mode now and people like that.

Well, it's 20.

What is the limit?

It's the 50th.

Well, there's no- 25 years now?

25 years from your first record, but there's no limit of like, hey, if it's 50 years, you're out.

Like if you haven't done it in 50 years, you're gone.

Oh yeah, well Nina Simone just got in.

Right, but next year- They put Nina Simone in and they haven't put in Shana Na?

Yeah.

That's an outrage.

Yes, exactly.

Next year is the year because of 2019.

I think it should be the- It's the 50th anniversary.

50th anniversary.

It's the mission of everyone who listens to this show.

Yes.

Here's what I'll say.

All right, all right.

Because we just had the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame a month ago, right?

Yes.

Next year is the 50th anniversary of Shana Na.

They inducted- You're saying everything that I've just said.

They inducted like six, they inducted six people a month ago.

Next year, they should only induct Shana Na.

And just make it a Shana Na blowout.

Oh, that's it.

Would that be amazing?

And the end jam session is just Shana Na.

Shana Na doing their- No instruments on stage.

No.

Just a cappella Shana Na.

That would be amazing.

Doo-wop.

I mean, let's make that happen, audience of comedy bang bang.

There is no group that deserves to be in the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame more than Shana Na because Shana Na is a Rock and Roll Hall of Fame.

They popularized the music to a degree that there even would have cause for a Hall of Fame.

Yes.

Well, I guess 10 years after no one was singing Doo-wop anymore, they did come around and sing Doo-wop.

The band 10 years after?

I'm looking on the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame website for a place to vote in and I can't find it.

I think maybe what happens is there's a certain point when it's unveiled.

But what I would say is Sharp-eared listeners out there, they will know how to do this.

So I will tweet out a link or something of instructions of how to do this.

We don't know how to do it now.

We're going to do this.

We're going to do it.

And to do it for 2019, the 50th anniversary of the band.

This would be amazing.

It'll be our 10th anniversary as well for comedy bang bang.

I mean, what better present to me than to- Here's what I'm willing to say.

I'm willing to say- You're only willing to say?

I'm willing to say this.

And I'm going to say this as a- I will say everything that you say you are willing to say.

If we get- I am willing to say what I'm about to say.

If we get Shana and I in the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame, they will be on this show.

They will be on this show and- And you, hot dog, will get to meet them.

What I'm saying is- Oh, I thought- meet them, sure.

But we will force them to give you another audition.

Yes.

That's all I want.

That's all I want is one more shot.

I'm not saying if we get them into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame that you are in the group, I'm saying that they will- No, no, no.

Yes.

If the transaction is if our listeners get them into the Hall of Fame, then they have to give you a shot.

A fair shot too, because I would imagine you've auditioned- A fair shot.

Well, although, I mean, guys, I mean, what Screaming Scott has agreed to by not responding to my email is that I will be in the pen if I get them into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame.

He has not agreed to the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame.

I think you should walk that back a little bit.

What I'm saying is- You're going to be disappointed.

Every time that you've auditioned previously, they've remembered you from the previous times.

Oh, I think it took 10 or 12 times for them to start to remember me.

But since then, they have.

Yeah.

But what I'm saying is- They're aware of me.

Clean slate.

We got to clean slate it.

They have to forget everything they've ever known about what a nuisance you are, and they have to give you a fair shot.

Oh, man.

All right?

I think this is a home run idea.

I think this is a home run.

This is how we're going to do this.

Out of the park, too.

This is like all the way into the pond behind the field.

Right?

Look, we need to take a break.

Okay.

All right.

When we come back, you have some more news, though.

I do.

That's true.

Yes.

Okay, great.

So we're going to be right back with more Hot Dog, more Jason Mantzoukas after this.

All right.

Comedy Bang Bang, we're back here.

Jason Mantzoukas is here from such wonderful things as the house.

And Hot Dog is here from the world of water skiing and also from the world of, I guess, wanting to be when you die.

We never talked about this.

When you die, you want to be turned into hot dogs and force fed to humans?

Well, I didn't know.

I mean, look.

Yes.

We've talked about this on previous shows.

Not during the break.

Force fed or just fed?

Or just fed or offered?

Used as nourishment.

Well, things have changed.

I am going to be turned into hot dogs when I die.

That's great.

Approximately 29, I remember you were saying.

I could yield about that.

Roughly 27, 29 hot dogs is what you- And does that fluctuate with your weight?

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

And I have to go update my will.

That's the only way it fluctuates, I would imagine.

And every time I lose, if I lose about five pounds, I'll go to my lawyer and I'll update my will because- Can I ask you a question?

Yeah.

Are you going to do just a plain casing and then just your body- Just your meat.

Just your body meat in there?

Are you going to bring it to Brian and Ronaldo and have them maybe bring it to Brian and have him put some apple or some cheese or some smoked something in there, really spice it up into a nice sandwich kind of hot dog?

I really just want myself to be the only ingredient with my sort of plan.

By the way, August Lindt was going to do this for you, right?

Oh, yeah.

That's right.

August Lindt was going to take care of it for me out there in Germany because he's the sort of food science man.

Primarily he's the guy who likes to chop people up.

Yeah.

Food science.

Like you said, food science.

Like molecular gastronomy.

Like, yeah.

You know, turning hot dog into hot dog meat.

At the molecular level.

He's a salt inspector, you know, so that impresses me.

But anyway, yeah, I'm going to be turning to a number of hot dogs and then at first I was going to be fed to my ex-wife.

That was my plan.

Force fed.

Well- Or fed.

You know, she offered and then- Or tricked.

Yeah, tricked.

Okay, offered first then tricked.

Yeah, that's right.

That's right.

I don't think the offer is a trick.

Right, right, right, right.

You're skipping right to the trick.

That's what I'm saying.

I can't imagine you would first say, do you want a hot dog made out of your ex-husband's body meat?

I think that's only polite.

And then if she says no, thank you, then you- Then you trick.

Then you do an elaborate ruse to get- By the way, Jason just mimed a circle as if he's walking out with the hot dog on a tray into another room and then coming right back into the room saying, I have a different hot dog.

From the first offer- I'm roller skates, man.

From the first offer, she's going to be really- She's going to have her antenna up.

For hot dogs of any kind.

Well but then, you may recall, there was a period of time where my plan was to have those hot dogs served to the members of Sean Aina, because I was real mad at those guys at that time.

But I have since, I've taken that right out of my will, that is no longer in my will.

But I just updated it because you might have heard, you know Mitt Romney, you remember Mitt Romney?

Sure.

Mitt Romney from the presidential race.

I think Bowser might have backed him.

Bowser might have backed Mitt Romney.

But Mitt Romney recently was asked, who's your favorite water skier?

And he said, hot dog.

And I was thrilled with that.

I don't know that that was the question that was asked of him.

What was the question?

I believe someone was asking him what his favorite meat was.

Oh.

And he said- He said hot dog was his favorite meat?

He said, my favorite meat is hot dog.

Oh, I thought that he had said hot dog was his favorite water skier.

No, no, no.

Well it doesn't matter, it works either way.

Because when I heard that, I thought, well I should be served to him.

You know what I mean?

Sure.

I don't hear that very often.

Somebody says their favorite water skier.

Such a compliment.

It's a big compliment from a prominent person like that.

Also it was very weird that Mitt Romney said hot dog singularly.

He said, my favorite meat is hot dog.

Well now I'm- Wait, that's a quote?

That's a quote, Jason.

Oh, God.

My favorite meat is hot dog.

And then he also said, my second favorite meat is hamburger.

But I like hot dog the best.

Oh no.

Oh.

What?

Yeah.

So I can see why you were confused, because a human being does not talk like that about the food.

And yet I would so much rather prefer him to be my president.

Even Hillary?

I get it.

But so I can see why you're confused- Does this show exist in a universe where Hillary is president?

I can see why you're confused, because when one mentions hot dog singular, it's usually about you.

That's right.

Yeah.

So I was a little confused.

Well anyway, but I just updated my will to have- So you're now going to be served to Mitt Romney.

I'll be served to Mitt Romney once I've heard of the hot dog.

Do you have it in your will, who will serve you to Mitt Romney?

Is there, for example, does the captain of your boat take your hot dogs and serve them?

Is there a person- Or the spotter.

Yeah.

Is there a person in charge of this?

Give the spotter more to do.

Or is it John Bowser Bauman?

Well, what I have said over at Brian and Bernal's down there in Redondo, they've got a girl who, she'll bring the food to your table.

But I've always seen- It's a waitress.

They've got a girl who does that?

Wow, good for them.

They've got a girl that will bring the food to the table.

Wowee, huh?

Yeah.

Well, because you pay for it at the register.

I don't know if she's a waitress.

Anyway.

Okay, so she, okay.

But my whole thing was, guys, you got to do a thing.

I got to be able to order from my car and she should come out on roller skates because I'm a big fan of roller skating waitresses.

Right.

And so, anyway, that's how I imagine Mitt Romney being served my hot dogs, by a girl or because it's going to be a lot of hot dogs, maybe a couple of girls.

This particular girl from Brian and Bernal's?

Yeah, well, I mean- Who is this girl?

You seem fascinated with her.

Yeah, yeah.

Her name is Janine.

Oh, wow.

Yeah, she's really sweet.

She's good.

Yeah, she's a good kid.

Anyway, I'd like to see her in a tiny, tiny, tiny little skirt on a pair of roller skates serving me.

You'd like to see her.

I'd like to see that.

Serving you.

So, wait, how are you going to see that though?

Like from the great beyond or- How do we know we're not sentient when we're dead and you know what I mean?

Also, are your eyes part of the hot dogs?

Do they get ground down into the body meat?

Yeah, are the eyeballs involved?

Yeah.

You don't know that?

You don't know that eyeballs are part of hot dogs?

I didn't know that.

What made me wonder is like, would you want your eyes to be left outside?

There is no eye in hot dog.

Yeah.

Would you want your eyes to be left outside so they can watch what's happening?

I see what you're talking about.

Yeah.

Just pluck the eyeballs out and just arrange them on a tray.

Yeah.

Well, but here is an idea.

Have a different girl on roller skates like skating around with your eyeballs looking at.

I like that idea a lot, but you're inspiring me to think of another, a different idea, which feels like I know it would work.

Which is if, if right now I donated a part of myself to become a hot dog.

Ooh.

Okay.

I like this.

And then I got to watch Janine serve that to Mitt Romney and then lean over to him and say, hey, you know what you're eating?

And which part?

I have one, one question and one question only.

Okay.

And I believe it's a clutch question as well.

Which part of your body are you suggesting?

Are you going to make me do one hot dog?

One hot dog.

Well, I would have to fit neatly in a bun.

Yep.

You know?

Sure.

Yeah.

You're going to slice off your penis and mail it to Janine?

In a bun?

In the hopes that she gives it to Mitt Romney?

Yeah.

This is, I mean, this is a new plan, but I like it to just sit.

First of all, you have to get Mitt Romney into Brian and Ronaldo's or in his car out front.

Sure.

Even though they don't have roller skating waitresses there.

Not yet.

All I got to do is get Janine a pair of roller skates and a real tiny, tiny little skirt.

So wait, you're going to send all of this in a box, a pair of roller skates, a tiny skirt and your penis?

In a hot dog bun.

And then all I got- Are you going to cook it?

Or is this a job for August Lint?

August Lint.

We'll probably smoke it, you know?

Oh yeah, yeah.

You can smart.

I mean, look, I have to say hot dog, out of all the guests I've had on this show, you're not, you're not the one that I would say needs to be castrated.

Oh no?

Although you've had some weird stuff over the years, but you're not like some of the guys who pass through here, like there's a guy, Tony something from the desert.

Oh, Cactus Tony?

Oh, Cactus, that's who it is.

Yeah.

I don't know that guy.

But you would recommend castration for a bunch of your guests?

A bunch of our guests need to be castrated.

You're just a relatively affable guy.

I feel like castrating them would curb some of their darker tendencies.

Oh yeah, well listen, you know what- Pacify them a little perhaps?

I'll be honest, I find my penis distracting a lot of the time.

Really?

Yeah.

Do you take it out during your Sean and Ozz editions?

I have, I have a couple of times.

Distracting like you're in the middle of something and suddenly you are, your focus is drawn to your penis.

I go from Florida to Maine at times when I don't want to, you know what I mean?

So anyways, this is a good plan.

I'm going to cut it off or I don't know if I'll do it myself or have someone else do it.

Maybe I'll get a doctor to do it.

So you'll leave it as is.

What do you mean?

In the, you'll just put your penis in a bun.

You won't round it down and put it into casing and make it into a hot dog.

That's up to August Linn, whatever.

I guess you could grind it down into, into, into meat and then put it in a penis shaped casing and it would fit exactly.

Interesting.

Now, what do you think is making penis shaped sausage casings?

I don't know, but I don't want to give them my business.

And great business idea for bachelorette parties.

Dick shaped sausages, by the way, America make that happen.

And we should force sausage makers in whatever state they are to make those.

To make dick shaped sausages.

Just so everybody who puts a sausage in their mouth is eating a dick.

That would be the law if Hillary had one.

Yeah.

So, so August, I don't know about this idea.

I think it's a good idea.

What?

He's hot dog.

Oh, I'm sorry.

What did I call you?

Oh, it's June.

It's June.

I was stating the month.

Oh, you were stating the month.

Oh, sorry.

Sorry.

Hot dog.

I don't know.

June.

Okay.

I think it's a good plan.

And I think Mitt Romney is going to be excited about it, particularly when I lean over to him and tell him, you know what you're eating, my friend?

You're going to be there.

That's my dick.

Of course I'm going to be there.

But honestly here for Mitt Romney, right?

He just lost the primary for a Senate seat.

Oh yeah.

Like what, what else does he have?

What else does he have but eating the dick meat of a Shana Nana enthusiast?

No, not a Shana Nana enthusiast.

A water skier hall of fame-ish person.

It's a more kind way to talk about hot dog.

A water skiing hall of fame inductee.

I mean, I think a lot of people would be honored to eat my penis.

June hot dog, I think.

Yeah.

No, for sure.

I think this is an interesting plan.

I just, I don't know.

I, you know.

The question is, will Mitt Romney be brave enough to eat it?

Here's the other thing.

You can't just write something in your will and then by law it has to happen.

Oh yeah.

They have to execute it.

That's how that works.

They have to execute it.

You have to put tons of stuff in your will and it has to be.

But yeah, okay.

It's gotta be done.

Oh yeah.

Yeah.

I mean Mitt Romney could go to jail if he doesn't need it.

If I put it in my will that he's going to eat my penis in a hot dog bar.

Okay.

He has to do it.

Although to be clear, I'm going to do this before I die.

This part I'm going to do before I die.

When are you going to do it alongside the 50th anniversary of Shana Nana?

I think it'd be a beautiful way to celebrate the 50th anniversary of Shana Nana.

Or like make it all happen at once at the night of the induction that they are inducted into the rock and roll hall of fame.

That's true.

Mitt Romney comes on stage to jam with the band.

Because if the only inductee is going to be Shana Nana, we're going to have some time to kill him at that show.

Sure.

Cause they only have like four and a half hours.

It tends to be long.

Very long.

So in March or whenever they do it, if 2019, who by the way should induct Shana Nana?

You know how they always get someone like Howard Stern did John Bon Jovi.

Oh yeah.

Who should do it for them?

Who should induct Shana Nana?

I think Elvis Presley.

Okay.

Well, he's the king of rock and roll.

He's no longer with us.

I don't know if you know that.

Oh no.

Maybe he died in 1977.

Did Elvis die?

1977 in Las Vegas.

The king of rock and roll?

The king of rock and roll is dead.

Yes.

Oh, I'm sorry to hear that.

Yeah.

On the toilet too.

Oh really?

Yeah.

And to this date, to this date, the only, the only young death in rock and roll.

Is that right?

Everybody else still alive.

How did you know all about the big bopper and Richie Valens, but you didn't hear about Elvis Presley.

Well, I was very busy in the seventies.

You said he died in the seventies?

Yeah.

1977.

That was a busy time for me.

Okay.

What were you doing?

That was, I was running guns.

Yeah.

Running guns?

I was running guns.

You're still in Vietnam at that point, late seventies?

Yeah.

At that time they had left me behind.

Yeah.

Okay.

You served?

I did not officially serve in the Vietnam war, but I went over there to help out.

Which side did you help out?

I, well, I kind of went to the hospital.

Whoever had the most money?

Yeah.

But toward the end I was, I saw which way the wind was blowing.

Yeah.

I was on the, on the Viet Cong.

And I was there at the fall of Saigon.

Oh wow.

Yeah.

It was, that was a wild time.

Yeah.

A wild, wild time.

Now I remember in Apocalypse Now they were surfing.

Was there any water skiing during the Vietnam war in the Gulf of Tonkin?

I'm glad you asked that.

There was that.

And that is a very, very good water skiing in the Gulf of Tonkin.

That is a good place to water ski.

So I did some of that.

So you're running guns and you just, you didn't get to hear about Elvis Presley.

I spent most of the seventies just kind of in the illegal gun trade in Vietnam.

Did you ever see Saturday Night Fever?

You must have missed that.

I don't know that.

But you do know what Grease is because- Of course I know what Grease is.

Because of Sha Na Na.

Right.

Yeah.

But I bet you didn't see Grease 2, did you?

Uh, I had no interest in Grease 2.

No.

Michelle Pfeiffer, do you know who that is?

No, I don't know who that is.

Catwoman, do you know what that is?

I know what a cat is and I know what a woman is.

Do you know what Bruno Mars is?

He sings about her.

Mmm.

He does?

I don't know that.

I don't know.

What?

Yeah, yeah.

Oh, I don't know.

You don't know what- do you know what Mars is?

I've seen the planet Mars.

You've seen it from afar or- I've seen it in my dreams.

Oh wow.

What's it like?

The planet of Mars?

Yeah.

It's very lonely.

You know how the moon is made of cheese?

What's the planet Mars is made of?

It's the red planet.

Maybe it's made of hot dogs.

Uh, whoa.

It could be.

Are hot dogs red?

I mean, they are.

Yeah, they are.

Some hot dogs are.

Yeah, some hot dogs are red.

Yeah, especially if they put red food coloring on them.

Take on a reddish hue.

Yeah, they definitely do.

What's your favorite brand of hot dogs?

You could get a sponsorship.

Oh wow, that's interesting.

If I could get a sponsorship of hot dogs.

I like Nathan's Famous Hot Dogs.

Right, right.

Do you ever go there to, on July 4th, Independence Day, do you ever go to Coney Island and watch, you know, the hot dog eating contest?

Well, I have seen it.

Yeah, I've seen it.

I've seen the hot dog eating contest.

You sound disappointed.

Well, yeah, because that's not the way to eat a hot dog.

Because you're really supposed to savor it.

Right, because what they do is it's bun and all, they dip it into a glass of water.

They dip it into the water.

And then they deep throat it.

They put it down to a science.

And that's not the way to do it.

No.

I think I would be impressed.

Hot dogs aren't science.

No, no, no.

I would be impressed if I would like to see a hot dog eating contest.

Where people are eating them normally.

No, but where the winner is the person who enjoyed it the most.

Oh wow.

Oh, okay.

And it'd be a one, be it a hundred.

It doesn't matter.

Doesn't matter.

Who ever enjoyed the hot dog the most.

And would that be a lie detector situation?

Or?

Well, you need some kind of a joy measurement device.

Well, here's what you do.

You hook the person up to a lie detector.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

You say, all right, I'm going to go through some numbers on a scale of one to a hundred.

Did you enjoy it at least as much as one?

True.

At least as much as two.

Yeah, there you go.

By the way, I would show up for this.

This would be great, right?

It'd be a lot better than limiting.

The minute someone says false, like did you enjoy it as much as 68?

Yes.

False.

Oh, so your score is 67.

Beautiful.

See, isn't it what he's describing a lot more exciting than a bunch of guys up there going down wet hot dogs?

I think it is.

That does sound great.

I think it is.

Do you ever feel like when you're ready to exit this mortal coil?

Yes, yes.

Yes.

Shuffling off to the plane beyond.

Oh, I guess this would be hard.

I'm wondering if there's, because obviously you want to be turned into hot dogs and consumed.

Why not do it in a way that is at one of these celebrations where you are mixed in amongst the hot dogs in a hot dog eating contest?

Oh, well, that's not a bad idea too.

I mean, there's a lot of different ways to accomplish this.

Well, because once I have served my penis to Mitt Romney, I think at that point that itch will have been scratched in terms of like having somebody eat.

By the way, you're never going to be able to scratch that itch down there.

Once that's gone.

It'll be gone.

I think.

You're going to have phantom memory of that for a while.

I think if you can get that done, we can get Shauna and I in the Rocket Roll Hall of Fame.

No, look, if you can get that done, anything's possible.

We have a lot of big goals.

Big goals are coming out of this.

Big goals for 2019.

Yeah.

You promised to meet us back here in 2019 and update us.

You bet I will.

Okay.

I just, you know, I don't know.

I can't remember the last time I've seen you, but we see you so sporadically.

I would love to.

I'll be back.

I'll be back every day between now and then to like remind people to get involved with this Rocket Roll Hall of Fame.

You can't live here.

I'm going to come.

Well, I do need a, I'm looking for a situation at the time.

Yeah, this is not it.

You have not found it.

Well, we'll see.

Sometimes people don't know.

When I came in, you were looking in one of the storage closets in the offices.

Well, yeah, but it's not going to work.

Look, we were just about out of time.

We only have one last thing to do on the show and that is a little something that we like to call plugs.

Don't forget to say that you've got a friend who stuff you want to plug, but that friend is actually you.

Ooh, nice.

That was Plugging in Character by Todd Fronauer.

Todd Fronauer.

Thanks so much, Todd.

And what do we want to plug being June hot dog?

What do you want to plug?

June 29th at the CQ and casino in El Cajon, California.

Sean and I will be performing.

Oh, they will also be performing at the Hollywood bowl.

I'm not going to lie.

I think we should all go together.

I think we should definitely go to go to go to go.

Yeah.

I did a concert with my friends, Adam Scott and Andy Daley and Nick Kroll to the U2 concert.

Oh, you did?

Yeah, yeah.

So it's fun to go to places with friends.

Oh, I don't know.

Concerts with friends like that.

U2 concert?

Yeah.

Do you know U2?

I don't know.

They sort of built on the basics of rock and roll, like what Sean Anas sings and they took it to another level.

Oh, this is kind of a Sean Anas ripoff band?

I guess.

I never really thought of him that way.

And then September 28th at the Montana State University Student Union Center.

This is a private show.

Sean and I will be there.

Private to whom?

Private to the students there at the Montana State University.

So one could enroll.

Lucky students.

Yeah, yeah.

You could definitely, and they might do a semester by semester thing.

You only have to enroll in one semester.

Is it like a community college or is it a four-year university?

It's a Montana State University.

Oh, it's a state college.

It's a state college.

Sounds like you could, yeah.

I'm filling out my applications now and I'm just trying to.

Yeah, they go take a philosophy course.

The essay is the hardest part because I don't want to miss that show.

But and then they got some shows in New Jersey in October and so, you know, check it out.

Go to their website, SeanAnas.com.

What is their website?

SeanAnas.com.

They were lucky enough to get that.

They were able to get the, well, it was a long story, but they.

Was there a squatter?

Was it you?

Let's just say that I was holding onto it for them for a little while.

This is another reason why I think they don't want you in the band.

I only asked for $1,000.

But they're going to have to audition you.

Clean slate it.

When we get them in the Rocky Roll Hall of Fame.

Hot damn.

It's up to you.

It's worth it.

Comedy Bang Bang Universe.

Jason, you want to, anything for you?

Not really.

I mean, I will, as always, plug the How Did This Get Made podcast right here on the Earwolf Network.

We've got a bunch of live shows coming up in Chicago and oh no, I think we already did that and other places.

So if there are tickets left, buy them, come see us.

Great.

You know, be, be cool.

Be cool.

Just be cool.

Everybody come see the shows and be cool.

Just be cool.

I want to plug my other shows here on the network.

We have of course the, are you talking REM Re Me?

And sometimes we do you talking you too to me and a three dumb three.

Freedom's on Thursdays to listen to three dumb.

That's Paul F. Tompkins, Lauren Lapkus and myself.

Just John and shooting the shit.

Go to stitcherpremium.com slash three dumb and use the code three dumb.

You'll get a free month and you can catch up on all those shows and that's been really fun to do.

All right, let's close up the old plug bag.

Whoa, what a bag.

It's time to open it.

Whoa, what a bag.

It's time to open it.

Open it.

June, hot dog as a music aficionado.

What do you think of that?

Well, when it first started, I was like, is this Sean and I was excited about it in the beginning and then it got a little silly.

I'll be honest, if I was listening to this show, that would have ruined everything that just came before it.

And yet we're about halfway through the year and it's still going strong.

Honestly, I would be furious if that just, if I listened to all that happened and then that was played, I would like, good thing you didn't, I would drive off of a bridge.

Wow.

We've cracked the code as to what is going to cause Jason to commit suicide.

Um, I want to say just one more plug.

I'm sorry.

I know we already plugged Brian and Ronaldo's in Redondo beach.

Oh yeah.

These are, these are great sandwiches.

Stagger yourself in the line.

I want them to know about it.

All right.

Well, I want to thank you guys.

Jason Manzooka, so good to see you and hot dog, please.

We're going to get this done for you.

So don't chop off your penis until we get it done.

And then a promise that you will keep an eye out everybody for how we're going to get Sean and I into the rock and roll.

Yeah.

We're going to get that done for you.

Maybe Mitt Romney should induct, induct Sean on.

And then you go up during his induction.

Sir.

Well, I mean, Janine will.

Yeah.

Janine, how about Janine to do it?

Yeah.

And then you're just sitting there next to Jan Wenner.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Me and Jan.

And for the rest of you out there, just keep on cheesing out the waves dick hole.

Oh dear.

All right.

We'll see you next time.

Thanks.

Bye.

This has been an Earwolf production executive produced by Scott Ockerman, Chris Bannon and Colin Anderson.

For more information and content visit Earwolf.com.
