---
layout: page
title: 551. The Sloppy Boys, Jon Gabrus, Shaun Diston [https：⧸⧸cloudfront.wolfpub.io⧸CBB-551-20180614-SloppyBoysDistonGabrus-BMv02-PW.mp3].mp3.wav
category: cbb 
---

♪ Show me your jello jigglers and I'll drop trowel like Dirk Diggler.

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

Ah, thanks to Bingo Boy.

Oh, Bingo Boy is probably his first appearance here on the catchphrase.

Could be his last as well.

Welcome to the show, Comedy Bang Bang for another week.

And this is exciting.

I'm Scott Aukerman, your host, of course, for Comedy Bang Bang for another edition.

And what an edition it is a little later.

Which one of these buttons records? I'm sorry.

Which one of these buttons records?

Gino, where have you been?

Me?

Yeah.

It's summer on- You're back?

Yeah, it's summer on Long Island, so I've been spending some time out east on Montauk, you know?

It's- you haven't been on since last year.

I didn't- like, why are you saying- You have to get the summer started early.

You have to get the summer started early out on the island, bro.

I haven't been here forever.

Which one of these buttons records?

The bright red one.

Oh, shit.

Okay, I'm out.

This is fucked.

Let's start over.

No, we have- Three, two, one, and speed.

No, engineer Cody Brett has already been recording.

Oh, okay.

That works great.

Oh, thank god this guy's here as backup.

Yeah, you- I will say about the levels, I'm peaking in the headphones still, but- Is that me?

It should be your job if you're here, but I tell you, we've had no one else to do it for- I mean, when was the last time you were on?

The Christmas episode?

God only knows anymore.

I don't know.

It was some spectacular, some bullshit anniversary of some sort, something.

The first time we kissed, whatever.

I can't remember- I can't even keep track of all these- What, are you my fucking wife now?

Hahaha.

Wait, you have a wife?

No, not anymore.

Wait, you used to be married though?

I was briefly married this year.

I got married on Christmas Eve.

I got married on Christmas Eve, but as you know, I'm bisexual, and I just didn't want to nail it down for just ladies for the rest of my life.

Could you have two- I mean, that is an interesting question.

So say you are bisexual, which, you know, God love you, and God does love you, but shouldn't you be able to have both a husband and a wife?

You should be able to be married to two people, right?

You should- hey, I don't know if that should be just for bisexual people.

I feel like anyone should be able to marry- as long as everyone's in agreement, that's like, look, I have three wives, as long as all the wives are like- I don't know about that, because there's a power structure there and taking advantage of each other, but I'm saying like- You're already concerned with the political mind games that would be occurring if you had multiple wives?

If you were into polyamory, your concern is maybe the power dynamic would be off?

I would feel like I was living a Zack Morris fucking lifestyle, you know, like switching my hat around so people think I'm a different person and shit, you know?

Keeping track of what lives- I've never seen the show.

I don't know what show I'm talking about.

Wait, did you- do you know a guy named Zack Morris?

Yeah, I know this guy Zack Morris.

He's from Long Island?

Yeah, he's from Long Island.

He works at Enzo's Deli in Massapequa Park, and he's a fucking great guy- And he switches his hat around all the time.

He switches his hat around all the time, and I'm like, who are you today?

He's like, hey, it's me, Backwards Hat Guy, and I'm like, all right, let's throw a football round.

So he does characters.

He does characters, but they're all, you know, reflection- they're all shades.

They're not the way I like characters.

I like characters that are deep, well thought out, completely, you know, just honed.

You're talking about art in general.

In art in general, I don't like these slapped together fucking characters where it's like, let me do an accent and go fucking ape shit, put your hat on backwards.

Yeah, I know.

Well, welcome back to the show, Geno.

Oh, thanks for having me.

It's so, so different here.

Well, no, it's not.

It's exactly the same.

It's- you sure?

Different than where you've been, yeah.

I don't remember any of this.

You've been somewhere else for six months.

Yeah, this is very different than the beach at Montauk.

Yeah, that's what I'm saying.

Yeah, and this is, this is the same spot we always used to- We've always been here, yeah.

Okay.

Catch me up. So you, by the way, for the listener out there, this is my intern, Geno.

An intern is really giving you way too much credit because- I know, I'm almost graduated.

At some point, you're going to have to start paying your interns.

Okay, well, you know, good luck with that.

But you show up very sporadically and- I'm a busy guy and I live on the East Coast.

You live on the East Coast, you commute.

You record out here in Hollywood.

Yeah, I'm not going to move my show to you.

So you can get big talent out here.

If you're in Hollywood, you get all the best talent, all the greatest minds.

You're talking about pussy right now?

Oh, fuck yeah, you know I am.

Okay, look- I'm a talent scout in that way, in that I can tie knots in your pussy.

It's not this kind of show, okay?

Oh, well, too late.

You, well, you didn't invite me to be on, but I am here and I'm gross.

Okay, catch us up with what's been going on.

Where's the Greek guy who's like fun and crazy and hates you too?

The Greek guy?

Yeah, the one with the fucking, you know, can't have eggs anymore or whatever.

Oh, oh, Jason Manzukas.

Yeah, yeah, he was here a couple of weeks ago.

I missed that prick.

Yeah.

Really?

Look, catch us up- He's the closest thing I have to a friend and a father.

Sad.

But okay, so you've been our intern.

You show up very sporadically.

About five or six years now.

You haven't been here for six months.

Catch us up.

You live with your mom out there in Long Island.

I live with my mom and my stepdad and my mom's ex-husband who's also- Who's my dad.

My stepdad is my uncle.

Right.

My mom was married to my father, divorced him, married his brother, my uncle, who's now my stepdad.

Right.

Uncle stepdad, as we say around the house.

And your dad is your former dad.

My dad is my former dad.

He has relinquished, he did a reverse, he emancipated me at 14.

Really?

Yeah.

So how do you reverse do it?

Do you say everything backwards or?

It was complicated.

We had to go to Halltown, which is behind town hall.

I figured that wouldn't make you giggle.

It is that kind of show.

So catch us up.

You got married and then- I got married.

Who was the lucky lady?

Her name was Janice Vinceguerra.

Janice Vinceguerra.

Yeah, she's a half black and half Italian girl.

She was beautiful.

Okay, so is Janice the- Well, I don't know.

That's her first name.

They don't give you a black first name and an Italian last name.

She's technically my athlete.

It sounds like that's what you did.

I don't know.

I didn't ask her what nationality Janice is.

You know what I mean?

I don't think when you are biracial, you have to split up your name accordingly.

Okay, that's right.

It sounded like you were saying like which half, her back half.

Oh, okay.

Well- No, trust me.

Her back half is black.

Oh, okay.

No, seriously.

She has like, her butt is way darker than the rest of her body.

Really?

Is it some sort of vitiligo situation?

Yeah, reverse vitiligo.

Where it just soars and bruises.

Look, it's not that kind of show either.

I know, I'm sorry.

What happened to Janice?

Oh, Janice and I got a divorce shortly after.

Okay, did you go to Halltown for that?

Yes, we went to Halltown and we got a divorce.

Are there any rides at Halltown?

There is one ride at Halltown and it's a long hallway and there's doors and every door you open- You're just talking about walking down a hallway at this point.

I don't know.

I paid $9 and I fucking had a blast.

You got to see these fucking hallways they have.

They've got doors on the left, doors on the right, sometimes a door at the end.

There's tiny little sprinklers and maybe a camera and a light that blinks.

Yeah, yeah.

There's a fucking poster that says exit in red.

It's fucking hot.

It's like expensive gifts.

It's a tiny little poster that lights up and has lights on it.

She's talking about a sign.

Oh, okay.

Yeah, whatever.

I saw the poster and it opened up my eyes.

Okay, so you went down to Halltown, you got divorced.

I got divorced.

And you're back on the market.

I'm back on the market, as you know, open to all- All comers.

Well, you know, because I realized, I've learned a lot in the last couple of years that I used to say I was bisexual, but apparently there's more than two genders.

Yeah.

So I'm down for anything.

So you're, yeah, anything.

Guy, gal, in between, outside of those two things, non-conforming.

Anything that just come at me, bro.

If you're human.

Yeah.

Human is what I'm looking for.

You draw the line at a human.

Human and not fat.

No fatties.

I'm completely open-minded.

I'll fuck literally anything and anyone, any gender, whatever, but fat people.

Let's get the fuck, come on.

That's not just because you're thin as a rail.

It sucks.

First of all, being my size, trying to fuck a fat guy is impossible.

They fucking rest their gut on the top of my ass when he's pumping me.

I'm going to ask you to tone down the graphicness of the detail here.

I thought you asked me the question why I don't like fucking fat guys.

No, I didn't ask you the question.

I said you are thin as a rail and that's not nice to say.

That's not a question of why do you not like fucking fat guys.

Oh, okay.

Yeah.

I don't mind fucking fat girls.

It's fat guys.

I didn't ask.

And I don't, you know, okay, fair enough.

That's fair.

So, uh, how about you?

Any divorces or?

No, I'm all good.

I stay the same.

I'm constant.

You're a constant.

Yeah.

Okay.

You can come in to any episode and I'll be exactly the same.

Yeah.

I'll be nitpicking small little details out of all my interesting.

Small?

You got married.

These are giant things.

Yeah.

Well now it's just dust in the wind.

Just like 21 Jump Street.

Oh shit.

Yeah.

I didn't even think of that.

Dust in the wind.

Now I get it.

It is that kind of show.

That's the kind of show it is.

Is it a pop culture thing that maybe a 24 year old's not going to get?

I got it for you.

Well, Gino, it's great to have you back and you're back here for the perfect show because coming up a little later on the show, we have an author, but you'll be I love books.

Do you?

What's your favorite tome?

My favorite tome is the little yellow, the little yellow, the phone in the right.

Oh no.

The little yellow one.

Oh, okay.

Yeah.

The big one.

So you, your books are divided into a little yellow and big yellow and one's the phone book and one's catcher in the right.

Yeah.

I never thought of it like that, but yeah, those are my two favorite books.

Well, those are the two books I have.

Yeah.

I have other favorite books, but they haven't been written yet.

At least I'm not sure because I have like ideas of like, what if like all these kids live on a fucking Island?

Right.

And we just see how they exist.

It's like lost, but with kids, you know, and no sci-fi elements.

And then there's like a fat kid and everyone fucking hates this.

Wait, this is your idea.

This is my idea for a book.

It's been done.

Lord of the rings.

Wait, no.

What am I talking about?

Lord of the dance.

Not Michael Flatley who, by the way, you, you weren't here for this.

When Whitney Cummings was here, we looked up his celebrity net worth.

It's mind boggling.

Oh my God.

I can't believe I wasn't here for when you and Whitney Cummings Googled something.

Holy shit.

I can't believe I missed it.

I hope it was recorded.

What am I thinking?

I'm thinking of Lord of the fly.

Oh, yes, dude with Jeff Goldblum.

And he's like, oh, okay.

Yeah.

Cause that's the one where it's him and Cindy Lauper and he can like read minds by touching objects or whatever.

Vibes.

Oh, of course.

You know that one.

Now.

Okay.

Yeah.

No, I tell you when you read that phone book, uh, don't spoil the end.

It's pretty amazing.

Oh yeah.

Zazix auto repair.

Zazix zebra emporium.

Um, yeah, no, the phone book's fucking great.

Uh, what else have you been up to though?

I mean, you've been gone.

You've been gone for so long.

I've been vacationing.

You know, I, uh, I got home last time I was here, I was heading out to Montauk.

So I landed at JFK.

I took the air train to Jamaica.

And from there I went to, uh, you know, the usual set of stops, Rockville center, Merrick Belmore, Wontore, excuse me, excuse me.

Yeah.

Holy shit.

Rockville, Baltimore, Freeport.

Yeah.

Oh my God.

Merrick Belmore, Wontore, Seifer, Massapequa, Massapequa park, uh, Copay, Amityville and Babylon.

Right.

But then after that I wanted to go to all the way out to Montauk.

So from Babylon I had to hit Bayshore, Icelip, Great River, Oakdale, Sayville, Patchogue, Belport, Mastick, Shirley, Spionk, West Hampton, Hampton Bay, Southampton, Bridgehampton, East Hampton, Amagansett, and Montauk, AKA the end baby.

Wow.

I can't believe you did that all from memory.

No, I looked at a phone to make sure I had it all correct there.

I wasn't going to tell the listeners.

I know, but I just feel bad because I only, you know, I can only memorize up to 10 words in a sentence, you know?

Right.

Oh, you went to 11 on that one.

Well, I knew the first 10 by heart.

The 11th one I riffed.

And then sentence.

A sentence.

Could have been anything.

It's really because I can only memorize 10 words in a.

Yeah, it's fresh on my mind because I realized I was saying a sentence.

So it's right there for me to be able to end it with a word sentence.

Yeah, it's a good pull.

Yeah.

Hey, that's me.

I'm a puller and a taker and a sucker and a pusher.

Okay.

All right.

Well, what I was going to say is you're here for a good show because we have a band here and you know, we'll need you on the level.

You know, turning up the bass guitar, turning down the vocals, you know, turning the vocals all the way down.

No, we're going to all the way up.

No, the drums in the middle, in the middle.

That's that's a great it drums in the middle clowns to the left of me.

Here I am.

Love your peaches.

Shake that tree.

Okay, great.

I think I love all kinds of you love.

Yeah.

What's your favorite song?

My favorite song is hip hop by Pusha T.

Hip hop music by Pusha T and the boys.

So is that not a song?

I think that's a genre.

Okay.

Yeah.

I think when you look in your iTunes, you're seeing hip hop.

Yes.

That's not the song title.

That's actually you look, look right above it.

It says genre.

I actually listen to all my music on Stitcher premium.

Oh, very good.

Okay.

It's very cheap.

Promo Cojino.

Freedom.

Well, we cut that.

I'll do that in post.

I'll make sure you play Promo Cojino.

I don't have a show.

All right.

Anything else happen to you before we get to our band?

I mean, nothing, nothing big, nothing big.

I, uh, I got slapped in the face by Billy Joel's cousin at Billy Joel's cousin, Joe, Joe.

Yeah.

Oh no.

I beat him in beer pong and then I was being a real asshole about it.

And I put my dick in one of his beer cups and he fucking slapped me in the face.

But that's a point of pride.

If you haven't been slapped in the face by Joe Joel, you're not a fucking Nassau County resident.

Surprised.

He didn't slap your dick, like come to where you were can slap your dick out of his.

Well, that's because my dick was in my mouth.

So he couldn't really slight, he was trying to slap.

He literally said, I'm going to slap your dick out of your mouth.

And I was like, good luck trying.

I was in a full, your dick was in my own mouth.

I don't even want to question this line of questioning.

I did my dick in his beer and then I quickly swung.

Can I be considered a hostile witness?

You calling me your honor.

Thank you.

That's like the highest thing.

I'm like a justice of the peace.

I'm like RBG except more liberal.

You're allowed to perform weddings now at hometown.

Oh, that'd be fucking awesome.

And divorces.

We doing both.

Wow.

Oh, you can do anything at hall town.

Go down the hallway.

Try the ride.

It's strange that there's only one hallway and it's called hall town.

Like I feel like I would go there.

It would be like a maze, some sort of Byzantine.

Apparently there's a room full of cough drops.

And so that's like, and then there's a room full of oats and I didn't get it at first.

Someone had to explain it to me, but I picked it up at the end.

Yeah.

Cause horses eat oats and horses walk down halls.

Yeah, exactly.

Yeah.

Great.

So nothing else happened other than slap my own dick out of my mouth.

I really wish you would show up to the show if that's all that's going to happen.

Well, I go home thinking a lot more shit's going to go down, but then apparently, you know, I spent so much time fucking commuting.

I'm in and out of the city from Jamaica.

When you do that and you miss Freeport, are people yelling Freeport?

Yes.

And I don't miss Freeport as someone who's been there.

I don't miss it that much.

Well, Gino, great to have you back.

I'm going to be, I'm done talking now.

I'm just going to fill up some waters for the band.

Okay, please don't take so long before the next time you come.

Yeah, I know.

Well, it's edging for you.

Yeah, please don't.

It's so hard because like once you felt a climax at the end of a six hour edge sesh, you're not going to fucking bust one out quick.

You're never going to do it.

Please.

Yeah.

I beg of you.

I don't want to go down this line.

Have you not tried edging?

I gingerly rub your penis for an hour.

Your dresser, the edge of your dresser.

That's where the term edging comes from, right?

I don't think so.

It could be a nightstand.

I'm sorry.

Okay.

Right.

Got to stay open minded.

It could be a nightstand.

A duvet.

What are you fucking freaks Scotty?

I knew it.

You're a fucking wild man.

All right.

Well, speaking of wild men, this is exciting.

We have a band here and it's their first time on the show and they are releasing their debut album this week.

And I don't know what the debut album is called, but when we, when they step up to the mic, we will certainly ask them what that is.

The band is called, and it's a new band.

It's a new musical combination.

They're a novices to putting things on wax and they are called the sloppy boys.

Love it already on board.

Please welcome to the mics and to the show for the first time, Mike Hanford, Jefferson Dutton and Tim Kalpakis.

Hello.

Hi Scott.

The sloppy boys are here.

Thank you so much.

It's great.

You're saying new to the wax, new to the instruments too.

Okay.

That's interesting.

Now I've known the three of you for a little while.

Yeah, I can.

We were born.

Kind.

Yes.

Since you were born, I was there.

I was the person who operated on your mother.

That's what you call it.

You also slapped our little butts.

Yeah.

Our one mother.

Out of your mouth.

You guys have never been on the show before.

But Mike Hanford, you are a improviser of note and a UCB alum.

Sure.

And you were in a sketch comedy group called the birthday boys.

A comedy troop.

Yeah, the birthday boys.

Right.

For a time.

For about two years.

Yeah.

We did about two years notably.

And then that was it.

We just got together.

And then the great fizzle.

Yeah.

It's funny though.

I think about some of those sketches.

I'm sorry.

I'm just cracking up thinking about some of the sketches on that show.

Tim, you don't need to crack up as hard because you wrote a lot of the sketches on that show.

That's actually a good point.

I hadn't thought of it because I worked so much recently that it all kind of blurs together.

But yeah, I guess I did write a lot of that.

Oh, Tim was showing me his bank account earlier.

My jaw, it didn't hit the floor because it's impossible.

But if I was on the floor, if it was lying down face down, it would hit the floor.

Your mouth was slightly engaged.

Yeah.

And this was at the bank.

We went down to the bank to actually show you the vault.

That's the best place.

You said print my money up, let me see it all in one space.

And then destroy it.

That's what he said.

They had to print it?

Yeah.

And they destroyed it.

And that's why this band better make some money because I'm kind of fucked over.

Yeah.

While the music business is the place to make money these days.

Now, Tim, you were in the Birthday Boys.

Now let's turn our attention to Jefferson now.

You were also in the Birthday Boys.

That's correct, Scott.

Yeah.

And now you're in something called the Sloppy Boys.

Yeah.

We probably should have gotten away from...

Oh, yeah.

I didn't recognize the commonality in the title.

Yeah.

Birthday Boys, Sloppy Boys.

It's 2018, time to be heteronormative.

You know, just fucking label it.

We're boys, we're sloppy, deal with it.

The boys are back in town.

Boys have always been great when it comes to music, the phrase boys.

The bus boys cleaning up the town.

Yep.

That's all it is.

Probably the third best song that has the word Ghostbusters in the lyrics.

I mean, I have to go with my number one would be from the movie Ghostbusters.

Well, Ray Parker Jr., the theme to Ghostbusters.

My number two would be Bobby Brown.

Out here on our own.

And then cleaning up the town is a distant third, I think.

And what's Ghostbusters?

You don't know what Ghostbusters is?

I know it's the Kate McKinnon movie, but I didn't know there was any music.

Yeah, that's what we're talking about.

Oh, okay.

Yeah.

So now the Sloppy Boys, you have an album out this week.

What is the album called?

Lifelong Vacation.

Wouldn't that be nice?

Well, it's almost Geno's life story here.

Excuse me.

My life is hardly a vacation.

It's a harrowing collection of images.

It's like the ring video.

So you've had your fucking own dick slapped out of your mouth by Joe Joel.

Don't tell me my life's a vacation.

What else could edging be if it's not a nightstand or dresser?

Duvet.

He said duvet, but I don't even know where the edge of a duvet is.

It needs a hard edge because you got to press your direction.

Like a sharp edge?

It needs a firm edge for you to press your vas deferens into.

Too sharp of an edge.

Too sharp.

Okay, got it.

Okay.

So dresser, just about right.

Dresser, perfect.

I fucking love dresses.

You're like the Goldilocks of edging.

And you're telling me.

Also, we've never talked about your hair.

You have long flowing blonde hair.

I've grown my hair.

Why have we never talked about that on this show?

Because it's always under a New York Yankees baseball cap because I'm a regular guy.

Yeah, you are.

But then I fucking unleashed the locks and people are like, holy shit.

I do it because my aunt is undergoing extensive chemo treatments.

Oh, and you're throwing it out.

No, I'm just flaunting it.

Locks of love.

She was a real fucking see you next Tuesday to me when I was a kid.

Oh, and are you going to go see her next Tuesday?

I can't.

Right.

You're going to be downloading the album.

Is that when it comes out next Tuesday?

It comes out this Tuesday.

It's tomorrow if you're listening to this when it comes out.

And the album is Lifelong Vacation.

And how did you guys decide to start a band?

Well, yeah, I mean, take it, Tim.

The band came together because that what happened?

You said, take it, Tim.

And suddenly he picked up an instrument.

Take it, Tim.

What the hell is he doing?

And I didn't know I had never held a guitar before in my life.

You were in Guitar Center and he said, take it, Tim.

And you just walked out with it?

I went in to look for a triangle because I was thinking about playing that instrument.

But then also you had a math class coming up.

Exactly.

So I was kind of under a lot of stress, but he looked at me, said, Pythagorean what?

Theorem.

Oh, I've since learned.

I looked it up online.

It is day one in math class.

What the hell are you talking about?

We'll get to it.

Something to look forward to.

Let's just start a band.

It was the easiest solution.

So we started rocking and then I learned all these chords and we had to put them to use.

So.

Oh, yeah.

What do you got?

Well, I mean, that goes without saying, but E major.

Sure.

Yeah.

What about A?

A seventh.

Sure.

Yeah.

You've never played A?

Oh, you got to try A.

Good luck, Scott.

We sort of decided that's not going to work for us.

Really?

Yeah.

OK.

It's not a great one.

He won't budge.

If you don't play A, how are you going to get an A in the AV Club review?

Oh, shit.

Oh, we are at the end of the pier.

Wait, that's why bands play A's?

Yeah.

If they play too many C's, they get a C or a C minus.

That's why any bands play, they try to play like 9.6, that note for Pitchfork and shit like that.

It really helps.

Yeah.

You might not play a 10.

Because that's a very difficult note.

He's not even trying.

No one can play.

That's why nobody's getting 10s.

Yeah.

Everyone thinks Pitchfork's real sticklers for fucking grades.

But in reality, nobody can hit that 10.

So no one can hit that 10.

Joe Joel.

Out of your mouth.

Out of my hand.

No, I wish it was a 10.

It's more like two fives.

Next return?

No.

I have almost a 10 inch penis, but it's five inches, and then it cinches down like a sausage.

Like a balloon.

All right.

So now this is a real thing.

You guys are swinging around like nunchucks if need be.

What were you saying, sloppy boys?

Yes, we can see it.

Please.

Please put it that way.

Or at least in your hair.

So sloppy boys, this is a real thing.

This is a real thing.

You're a real band.

Oh, yeah.

Legit.

Too legit to quit, man.

Yeah, we used to play cover songs, but then there was an accident.

An accident.

What do you mean?

Someone shit their pants?

What happened?

We were playing in the sewer and some ooze came down.

Oh.

And our lyrics changed from cover to original.

And we haven't been able to go back ever since.

And which part of that was an accident?

The ooze.

The ooze part.

So the playing down there was completely.

Yeah, well, we like the shit smell.

So have you kept up with that?

The shit smell?

Oh, yeah.

I'll bring that with us wherever we go on tour.

So the album is called Lifelong Vacation.

Approximately how many songs are we talking?

We're talking exactly 11.

OK, exactly.

Hey, we're going to show you just exactly how many songs, but it's 11.

We're not fucking around.

So after the 11th song, the album just cut short?

It's done.

It goes back to the first song.

So it's almost an infinite album then.

Yeah, if you got the right sort of repeat button on your thing.

And that's what you expect.

You want that from listeners, right?

You want them to put it on and just play it nonstop, right?

Hit the little green circle.

Not the one with the one there.

Yeah, you got to fully read the instructions before you play.

And don't crisscross the arrows.

Hey, no shuffle, baby.

This is not a fucking Vegas casino.

Exactly.

And you guys recorded this in a real studio?

Yes, that's right.

Yes, it's like a real it's a real thing.

This is a real thing.

You're not pranking me.

This is not a Jerky Boys situation.

You got to read some of Scott's old music journalism.

It's really interesting, hard hitting shit.

So, Bell Biv DeVoe, you recorded this with microphones in a real studio.

Oh, fancy.

Well, no, but Gino.

Just making sure it's all real.

Gino, I know these guys and I know that they don't necessarily have the know-how or aptitude to do this kind of thing.

Oh, interesting.

I have a lot of heart.

Yeah, definitely you have a lot of heart.

I've always said that.

And every band needs to be three Rudy's.

That's like what you want in a band.

You don't need anyone who can throw or catch.

You just need three people with heart.

And we can also use three roadies.

Now that we bring it up.

Three roadies, two roadies and a Roddy Roddy Piper.

And a big old pineapple.

Patterns.

Well, this is very exciting.

You have 11 songs.

How long approximately is the record?

27 minutes, just a hair under 30.

We wanted to keep it nice and tight.

Yeah.

So this is a lot like what Kanye is doing lately.

It's exactly like that.

Thank you.

Yes.

I mean, we don't have any winning artists.

It can be kind of frustrating when you're on the promo cycle and you're promoting an album and everywhere we go, people like you're like Kanye, you're like Kanye, the same kind of thing as Kanye.

And I mean, it's true, so we don't deny it.

But we also bring something hard.

Then it's hard because, you know, like repeating yourself, nodding, nodding.

Oh, yeah.

Craig, I got a bad neck.

I chiropractor.

What happened with your neck?

A blow job receiving one that was so good.

You were not.

You were nodding so hard.

I like this.

I like this for real.

I hurt my neck getting a blow job one time too, because Bohemian Rhapsody came on.

Oh yeah.

Back in.

And we were both smashed.

Oh yeah.

So you're going to play some songs over the course of the show.

Hell yeah.

I mean, I think you could play all 11 and we'd still have two hours of talking left.

So let's talk about what instruments you play, Mike.

Drums.

To quote a movie I've never seen, I slept at a bass.

Very good.

And you also do your own vocals as well?

I do some vocals, yeah.

We all kind of share some vocals.

There's a song I play guitar on as well.

Okay, great.

And Jeff, what do you...

I'm going to quote a different movie, but I have slabid-a-skins.

Is that from Superfly?

Slap me some skin?

Yeah, that's from the new Superfly.

Oh, the new one.

I've only seen the reboot.

Okay.

And then...

I'm going to quote a movie, every guy's got to have a man cave.

Oh, hell yeah.

Okay, same as the first movie.

Leave the cannoli.

Yeah.

And make man off of her.

That's Obama's favorite movie quote, because you take the guns and you leave the cannoli.

Oh, okay.

Let's not get political here.

I had no idea that you were...

So what do you play though?

I slabid-a-guitar.

Like I mentioned, I play an E major, a seventh.

But I mean, I'll go all the way right up to the high octave and play a high E.

So I'm all over that fretboard.

I play drums on a couple of songs.

We got a song called Pass That Doobie, and I play drums on the E.

Okay, and what are you doing, Jeff, when that happens?

I have to move the cars and stuff.

Oh, okay.

Yeah.

No, what do I play?

A guitar on the guitar?

You're based on that.

Okay, so let's...

Holy shit, you guys are all polymaths, it seems like.

Yeah.

All virtuosities, you know?

Everyone switches it up.

Is it polymath?

Is it?

No, no, no.

I shouldn't have said anything.

What do you think it is?

Polymath?

Polyamorous.

Polyamorous, that's what I was going to say.

Okay.

Poly-sure.

That's what I am.

The weasel.

The weasel, of course.

Weasin' the juice.

So now you guys are going to play some songs and describe this first song that you're going to play here for us, if you can.

What is your style?

What is your musical style?

I mean, I would say if you're going to really look at it in a big picture sense.

Yeah, macro.

I mean, in the 80s, yeah, there was hair metal and everyone's wearing the spandex and stuff, but then when Nirvana came along, they kind of had more of a grungy sound.

Okay.

The hair stayed long, but it went down.

Yeah, so cut for...

It wasn't as much hairspray.

Yeah, less hairspray and the spandex, I mean, it was more loose.

Some people maybe wore spandex, but they were like bicycle shorts, like axle rows.

Well, if you were riding a bike, you would still wear the proper attire.

If you were doing aerobics, you wear spandex, but if you're on stage, you would wear Doc Martens.

Or flannel.

Jean shorts with thermal pants on underneath.

Yes.

That's one of my favorites.

Okay, got it, got it.

So from that Kurt Cobain thing, you want to jump forward about 30 years, then we come along with a whole new sound.

30 years?

Yeah.

I guess so.

Almost.

These days.

These days, when you think about it.

In this economy.

We're not very grungy, but we don't do that hair metal shit either, so I don't know what's really...

So the two examples you led with, you're just completely different than those?

Two things we're not.

Well, I wanted to contextualize it.

Well, this one's a true story, I think, right?

This song is a true story.

This one we're about to play.

Oh, right, right, right, right.

So you're about to play your first song.

So this is the Sloppy Boys.

This is from the album Lifelong Vacation, and this is a serious thing.

You guys are actual musicians now.

And this album is going to be on sale.

You can get it on iTunes and everywhere tomorrow.

Yeah.

Spotify, Google.

One, two, three, music.

Sure.

Okay.

So now, but these versions you're gonna play are live now, and we're gonna be playing live.

These are not the album versions.

Correct.

Are you guys doing ringtones?

I mean, really, these days, anything could be a ringtone.

Yeah.

Are you willing to sell some of your songs for commercials?

As soon as someone wants to buy.

I think they're...

You know, I've looked over some of the track listings.

I think you have some really intriguing possibilities for merchandising.

Really?

Yeah.

I mean, I think several companies would be interested in the types of products you are talking about.

So are you guys set up to play now?

We're ready to go.

And do you want to say the title of this, or do you just want to get into it?

This song is called Here for the Beer.

Here for the beer, the sloppy boys from Lifelong Vacation, here for the beer, here we go.

Well, Tim, Jeff and me went to the Hollywood hills Up to a famous big shots party serving cocaine and pills All the beautiful people snorting lines by the mile Hopped up supermodels doing their drugs in style There was a ball full of pansies, parties big as trees A mountain of cocaine but we forgot our skis The host of the party sauntered up to our side He said, hey sloppy boys, wanna go for a ride?

I got a mess, glittin' shrooms, morphine, weed Uppers and downers, meth and LSD I can make you three fly You just tell me what you need So I leaned in close and said, now listen to me We're here for the beer, we're here for the beer Get those other drugs out of here, we're here for the beer We like a beer in a keg or a cup If we don't do drugs, that junk will match you up We're here for the beer Now the three of us don't hold our liquor well A few cups of beer and we're drunk as hell At the night war on we sort of fell apart A supermodel asked me, hey, did you just fart?

I said, what's it to you? It's a natural thing But her boyfriend shoved my shoulder and said, yeah, but it really stinks I looked to Tim and Jeff, hey boys, we're gonna brawl But Jeff was by shelf with an autographed baseball The owner chewed him out, come on Jeff, that's not a toy Tim was talking to Rob Lowe, he kept calling him Roy At this point I had lost my hat and car keys But I couldn't drive anyway, shit I could barely see We found a guitar and sang piano man But the guests wouldn't join us, they suggested we scram Scram, you believe? Well we barely quenched our thirst Besides if you want us to leave, you'll have to catch us first We're here for the beer, we're here for the beer Get those other drugs out of here, we're here for the beer We're here for the beer, we're here for the beer Let me make this perfectly fucking clear We're here for the beer Oh, holy shit, I can't believe I got that thing wired in time You were scooting around the whole time I'm sweating my fucking tits off over here, I'll tell you that much You got in the way more than that Yeah, sorry about that, I thought I would be a little I thought you were going to grab one of their instruments at one point At one point, there was a triangle there, I didn't know if they were going to use it or not Yeah, Mike you set up a triangle, you promised to use it, right?

I will get that thing ringing as soon as I can I'd like to re-ask a question Scott asked you guys Well you know what, we need to take a break though Can you save it until right after the break, would that be alright?

No, we listen to music, that wasn't the break Yeah, it felt like a break, we didn't have to talk for that whole time Are there going to be a lot of re-asking of questions because this could go all night?

Yeah, we're just going to re-ask all of the ones Until we hit an answer that you like, Gino, we'll be done Look, we need to take a break, think of that question, we'll ask it the minute we get back And coming up after the break, we have Devin O'Shea, who's an author, and this is very exciting So we'll be right back with more sloppy boys, more Gino after this And go to commercial Comedy Bang Bang And we're back from break Com- Gino, god damn it And we're back, sorry, you do this one Yes, we're back, yes, Comedy Bang Bang, Comedy Bang Bang, we're back here from the break We have Gino, the intern Back from the break, baby Gino, what's your last name again?

Lombardo It's been so long since you've been here, I forget things I know, it's fucking brutal I want to say Vinelli, is that someone?

What?

Gino Vinelli?

Yes, that is someone Who is that?

That's the sniper, I think, that shot Archduke Franz Ferdinand Oh, okay, great We also have the sloppy boys here Hey Hey Lifelong vacation in stores tomorrow, we heard we're here for the beer Beer, that's right Yeah, okay, very good That's awesome Gino, before the break you said you wanted to re-ask a question What are you talking about?

Oh god, everyone's been on pins and needles during this break, they wanted to hear Oh, right, right, right, I had that question before break Yeah My question is, what are you guys going to do during the break?

That was never asked, never asked That was never asked, okay, let's get to it I wanted to re-ask a question So I hear that you have one song called Pass the Doobie, one song called Here for the Beer And my question was, just to reiterate one of Scott's questions, this is a serious band You guys are serious about it, this is real?

Yeah, we're serious about it That song we heard was like a real song Right Yeah Yeah Real as it comes The album is a documentary, basically I mean, if you look at the audio frequency waves, it's music That's what I was looking at the whole time Okay, so it's music An artist's objective, anyway, so what for 99% of the people maybe just, you know, complete amateurish shit Mm-hmm Like there's a one Bullshit, if I could correct your question Okay, sorry There's a 1% out there who is gonna really love it Look, it's like pornography, I don't necessarily know how to describe music but I'll know it when I see it, and you boys, you're doing it Thank you Pornography?

You're doing pornography I'm pretty sure I was fully erect that whole time I see I have pre-cum Oh, come on In a jar if anyone wants to take a look What type of show is this? You were saying this is not that type of show, but what type of show is this?

I don't know anymore I see Because I don't know that it's your type of show either But look, we need to get to our next guest And Mike, do you have to leave or at some point you were saying Oh, I do have to, yeah, I just gotta scoot out a little bit Okay, but you'd say for a little bit, right?

Yeah, I was gonna move my car around for a bit Okay, you're gonna drive somewhere?

Yeah, I'm so close to having an oil change that I just want to get it Just get to the mileage Just get to that mileage and get it You're gonna move your car down the street I go in there with a, you know, just under, he's like, okay, we'll do it You're gonna move your car down to the gas station and get an oil change That's what you're saying I'll probably go, let me think about this, probably down, back, and then down It's probably, yeah, okay, got it, all right, but you can stay here for a second Yeah, for a second All right, so let's take a quick break before we get to the next one No, we just came back from one Okay, I remember that now And we'll just fix that in post Okay, great, we need to get to our next guest He's an author and this is exciting because you were saying that you've read two books or so And we found out you read Lord of the Flies as well I never read that, but it turns out I accidentally had the same idea What about Lord of the Rings, Lord of the Flies, like crossover?

Oh shit, I like that Yeah, and we'll talk to him about that, maybe that's the book that he's written It sure ain't It's not It sure is not, Scott But you use some of the same words, I would imagine Well, I would have to double check, but I'm pretty sure, yes So it's almost like you're Eskimo brothers with a lot of the words that the book that I'm talking about is Scott, this is serious Sorry, but Devon O'Shea is here Hi, Scott, hello Devon O'Shea, welcome to the show I need to get this out, I need to get this out of the way You're coming in so hot I'm coming in hot, Scott, I need to get this out of the way right away, Scott Okay, welcome to the show, this is Geno, the Sloppy Boys Hi, Geno Hi How you doing?

Mike's gonna be moving his car Mike, I'm doing this I want to hear what you're up to Listen to me, I saw Alien in 1993 The first one?

An Alien or the film Alien?

Or Alien 3 Unalien You saw an alien?

A human?

I didn't see the movie Alien in 1993 When did you see that?

I don't think I've ever seen it Oh, you gotta see it, it's from you Wait, what is Sigurdi Weaver?

I think you would really like it I know what I see Sigurdi Weaver, Ridley Scott directed, John Hurt No, you're gonna love it I see Probeethius, I have not seen Alien Well, you know like the bursting out of the chest stuff that's sort of riffed on?

In Spaceballs Yeah, they riff on that in Spaceballs Well, what did you think was happening in Spaceballs?

I thought it was just a fun riff, Mel Brooks is funny as hell What's your favorite Mel Brooks film?

My favorite Mel Brooks, Robin Hood Matatais, baby Okay, well I don't know that you're a real fan That's my favorite too, I gotta go with Devon on this one Yeah, me too, it's a great film I sneak, God bless you Come on man, they got a character name with you All right, listen Now Scott, I saw Alien in 1993 You saw an alien?

Yes, Scott Do you know what this show is?

Yes, because I don't think the Sloppy Boys or I know what this show is I just want to make sure because Alien 3, directed by David Fincher, came out in 1993 So this is very confusing I guess Scott, it is a funny coincidence Yeah, but I did not see Alien 3 Do you think this alien was drawn to the earth by the movie coming out?

Scott, I don't have the answers All I know is that in the year 1993, I was walking through Griffith Park Okay, in Los Angeles, in a famous park Famous park There's a bear outside There's a bear outside There's like a bear statue Outside this building Oh, I see, okay And I was walking, I was walking with my little brother I volunteer for the Big Brothers Big Sisters program Okay I was with my little brother Okay, how old Is she a real little brother?

No, this is, it's a program where you volunteer I'll explain that to you in a second How old are you in 1993?

93, I was 40 You were 40?

Yeah Okay, so currently you're in the We're pretty old Your 60s Yeah, I'm in my 60s Yeah, okay To be honest, Scott, I've been 65 years old So eligible for social security Are you taking advantage of that?

I just filed yesterday You did? Okay Was it your birthday yesterday?

It sure was Happy birthday Thank you Happy birthday to you We don't want to get you in trouble, Scott, with the law Oh, you can sing that You can sing that now Happy birthday to you Thank you guys, I really do appreciate that Congratulations Thank you But, um Another trip around the sun Another trip around the sun But that brings me to this alien thing Okay Scott, I saw You're 40, you're volunteering You have how old is your little brother?

These just seem like the least important facts of the story To be honest, I want to hear the alien part No, I like Scott, he wants to paint a picture for everybody Yeah He's a six-year-old Six-year-old Little black boy Okay Okay I love this shit I don't know why that's important I don't know why Every detail But as soon as I say he's black, everybody's uncomfortable Well, I just don't know how that's important to the story I'm uncomfortable with the three words, little black boy You're right You are right, I should have said it Do you call him boy?

No, I call him Frank Okay That's all right Is that his name?

I think it is Perfect Now Scott, we were walking through Griffith Park It was becoming dusk Which is a time of day when the sun is No, I know what that is Okay, okay I thought you needed an explanation I might borrow that for an album title Yeah It was becoming dusk And I saw a little green man, Scott Huh I saw a little green man In Griffith Park In Griffith Park What was the green little man doing?

He just scurried into the woods He just scurried into the woods, no interaction That's it And then Did you lock eyes or whatever?

No The alien had?

I kind of just saw like the back of him running into the woods Okay What made you want to tell this story 30 something years later?

No 25, 25 From the second I left Griffith Park I've been trying to write this book Okay, I saw alien, aliens are real guys Okay And nobody believe, I feel like people don't believe me Okay, so you've written this book about it I've written a book, the book is called I Saw an Alien in Okay By Devin O'Shea By Devin O'Shea, it's called I Saw an Alien in 1993, colon, Aliens are Real by Devin O'Shea Right And um And by the way you wrote out colon I did You didn't put a colon What is a colon? I've always just heard it Right I've only ever heard colon I think it's an older black boy who works in politics Oh, okay, yeah, I see how it sounds now what you say Whites just sound different when I say it You're right, I don't know either So you wrote a book about I wrote a book It seems like it was too brief an encounter To write an entire tome on Scott, this entire book is about the struggle of a man Okay Who has not been believed Okay, you're hooking me into the emotional part of this story Okay, good I want to walk you through some parts of the book Okay, great, yeah Will you read passages from it?

I will read a passage Okay This is from chapter one Okay Six pages Chapter, yeah, so Chapter one Chapter one, you gotta believe me You gotta believe me, is this the start of chapter one?

I'll start from the very beginning Very beginning, okay This is just the beginning of the book You could have just said I'm gonna start from the beginning I'm gonna read a passage from chapter one, the beginning of it I looked through the chapter for the most, the like best passage and it really was just the beginning It really grips you from the beginning You gotta go downhill from seven, yeah, no zisic zebras at the end here Here we go All right Chapter one, you gotta believe me Hey, um, look guys Okay, can I stop you?

I already have notes What, why, I mean, uh This book was directly dictated from, from a recording that I Okay So a lot of it is gonna sound spoken By whom? By a professional transcriber or?

Yeah, I did a little bit of it I will say I did most of it We barely gave him a chance Yeah, you really did He said hey um and we said no, not my, not like a book I've ever read before This is the best passage in the book he says Okay Chapter one Let's give you, let's give you a little more All right, all right, here we go Let's give you at least Chapter one At least the ten words the geno can memorize Sure, chapter one you gotta believe me Hey, um, uh, my name is Devin O'Shea Hey, um, uh My name is Devin O'Shea and in 1993 I saw me an alien and ever since then I've been trying to write this book Let me take a look at this book Now it says, it says parentheses laughs It's mostly ellipses That's, that's what happens?

A lot of dots How do you transcribe so many letters?

I'm not a professional transcriber, I was just typing sort of stream of consciousness Yeah, but when you read a book you see that it doesn't have stuff like that in there, right?

You were typing stream of consciousness Yeah, but you were transcribing Saying stream of consciousness and typing it word for word I definitely was saying stream of consciousness but then as I was typing I went into a zen state where I was just able to capture whatever was coming from the recording Okay, great So this is not transcribed, this is actually written I feel like you guys don't, this part of the book is throwing you, maybe if I jump into the middle of the book, there might be something that's a little bit more Yeah, you chose the passage so you can choose a different one if you like Let's do, let's start chapter two That's the middle of the book, there's three chapters?

It's a heavy book, this thing is, feels heavy And this is the, this is the longest chapter, this is, to me, to be, this is, sorry I'm getting emotional, this is the part that is the struggle, this is about the struggle The struggle is real, here we go Chapter two, I'm not crazy Um, slurp slurp, slurp slurp I'm sitting here eating soup and I'm thinking to myself, people must think I'm crazy Because I wrote a full chapter about how I saw Alien and, um, ding dong Hold on, there's something at the door Hello?

Yes, you've been served I've been served? This is terrible All right, where was I?

Okay, hold on, let me look at this book It's all turks I see in here it says, does sound affect and also mimes it Yeah, Scott, have you never read a book before?

Gino, you've read two books, right?

I read two books and apparently accidentally wrote one Okay, well, I mean, Scott, I feel like, is this, is there something wrong with the book?

I mean, are you not connecting with it?

Well, I mean, I have to say chapter one, the story is so brief You gotta believe You saw the back of what you assumed to be a little green man A little green man How little?

I think before you started reading passages, you told us the story of the book Yeah, you told us chapter one You told us the whole thing I guess I gave you a lot of the info, I did a lot Dude, can you put up a spoiler warning for the beginning of section two?

Oh, yeah, we'll do a retroactive Spoiler alert, note to editor, note to editor, note to editor And that way it'll come up on the thing, that's great I'll be doing the editing Let me read you something from the final chapter Oh, okay Chapter three Chapter three, here we go Yeah, I've been to prison, but what does that have to do with aliens?

Heavy psych, okay, great Who's the narrator responding to it?

I can't, sometimes I've just, this criminal justice system in this country is built to keep people like me down and nobody's gonna ever know aliens exist because Ronald Reagan Well, I better take a nap Okay, so the event happened in 93 Reagan was out of office When did you write this?

Hold on, I'm still reading It says right in here, it says three stooges snore Yes, and that is the end of the book And that's the end of the book I can't believe I interrupted before the snoring and the end Well, that's the end of the book, Scott This book is approximately three pages Yes, they're thick pages They're thick, yeah And the book looks big They're like, you wrote this on sponges it looks like Scott, I don't, listen, guys, I feel like you guys should be freaking out right now Aliens exist I'm sort of bummed about the justice system, you know, that That, I'll say it, the dad really fucks, that'll fuck you up Yeah, yeah You think about that too hard?

Ronnie Reagan Ronnie Reagan, for real, he'll fuck you up He like an alien himself with the Reagan Yeah, that's true, this book stinks Whoa, whoa You got some water in those sponges He didn't even say that for me, we're here for business It smells Oh, it just smells It smells like dirty, dirty You sure it isn't the shit smell you guys carry around with y'all?

No, that's a strictly different smell I'm used to that one, this is new and PU But you know, you know, Scott, I have a mason jar full of pre-cum over here No peri-cum or post-com at all That we've ever had Wow, this is, well, I feel embarrassed because I thought I was gonna come here and drop some sort of bombshell and everyone just sort of doesn't care Yeah, I mean, okay, yeah, aliens might exist This is not the most realistic nor harrowing account I've ever heard about aliens Have you heard a more harrowing account?

Certainly, I mean, have you read the book Communion perhaps?

No It's all about, Christopher Walken was in the movie of it and Communion, there you go, see Yeah, this is approximately 1989 or so, about four years before your account and four years Actually, I believe aliens came out And we're not even getting, don't even get me started on Fire in the Sky Right, yeah Well, so what you're saying is all these other depictions of aliens are a lot more exciting And they have more detail, it's not, maybe not fun so much unless you like anal rape and probing, but definitely more detailed, more believable If an alien does anything to me, it's consensual I give blanket consent to aliens to fucking use me But I thought humans were the only things that you were doing Yeah, what if the alien's fat?

Don't, don't, I know fucking, no dumpy aliens They ain't no fat aliens, they're little tiny, okay, you know what Here's the thing How big are they? Did you say how tall? Go ahead Well, Devin, I have a question for you, I feel like your story is very interesting It's your book that doesn't live up to your actual story Agreed Because I think seeing the alien is a very interesting story, but that's literally All that you've written is I saw an alien Right, yeah I want to get more into that Describe it, how did it make you feel? What did the little boy do?

Okay, let's say, okay, let's do sort of a rewrite Okay, sure, yeah, yeah Okay, free work All right, chapter one, you gotta believe me More free work Is the WGA listening to this? Because I could get in trouble I hope not, here we go, here we go Because you wrote on Birthday Boys, right?

Yeah, among other things Were you nominated for a WGA award?

I was nominated, I'm kind of like a Hollywood script doctor You bring me in, I punch it up, I get out of there What would you have me start with if I was I mean, I would say lose the soup stuff Okay It was kind of dragging around, that's why And no soup for Devin See, that's good, that's a sign for reference So keep the soup, so if I'm gonna do that, keep that part If I could add something, I enjoyed the soup Oh my God, what the hell?

Holy shit Sorry, yeah, I'm sorry to take it Mike's gone?

I'm still here, I'm good Where the fuck is Mike?

I'm right behind John Lennon Oh, wait a minute Oh, okay, yeah, you're right behind him Just, yeah, same glasses too I let him borrow him every once in a while John Lennon is here Oh, yeah, John Lennon I know this guy You haven't been here in months and months, where have you been?

I've just been, I went to Montauk You guys really get it?

Yeah, we went to the body bar together Quarter beers, you could pour them on your head Wait, I just want to say, because this is, I never saw these two It's a strange place, I don't understand why they do it I've never seen these two guys together Yeah, you could pour any beer on your head But they're cheap enough that it's okay to pour on your head, you know?

You've never seen Mike Hanford and John Lennon together?

I've never seen these two guys together I just want to say, Lennon, isn't it crazy to meet someone who has Paul McCartney's haircut?

Yeah, his current one, his current old lady one Sure, I think it's great I don't know, hey, come on, I think it's a good look on Paul Hey, this guy, you bring me in here to get made fun of There's a wrestling dialogue between these two Uh, Mr. Lennon You kind of stole the focus from Dev, and we were doing the next Yeah, I'm sorry, yeah, I'm sorry Mr. Lennon, this is Devan O'Shea While we got things shut down, I'm gonna go move my car around for you Okay, great, but John, you can stay I can stay all day, all night John, I'm sitting here in shock because, um, that voice, um, it reminds me of that fateful day in 1993 Yeah, were you and Griffith Park when that alien came around?

Yes!

Wait, was that when the Beatles' Anthology 1 was released?

I think it might have been Right, I had just come from Amoeba Music, I picked it up So, you had to buy it?

Of course you have to buy it I want to keep it You should get a free advance copy of your own anthology That's what I said Wait, you were there, John?

Now we're talking about Amoeba? Yes, I was at Amoeba I was at Amoeba But why did it remind you of- Well, because, John, I don't know Are you an alien, John?

No, I'm not an alien at all I'm English I mean- Okay, that checks out, I guess, I thought What are you about to say?

Wait, did the alien have his voice?

Yeah, the alien walked into the woods and before he walked into the wood he said Drums That could have been me You know what could have been?

That could have been a good friend of mine Who?

Well, that's you, that's your catchphrase Sure, but I get, you know where I got it from From your friend Ringo That's my best friend Ringo So wait, he has that catchphrase too?

Only one person can use a catchphrase at a time I don't think that's- Well, what are you talking about?

I had to give mine to weirdo Al What's up, hot dog?

What's up? Oh, Jesus Christ, you got rid of that?

I pray that- Oh, you got shafted in the deal I pray that he's been using it on tour If he's not, I'm gonna be very, very sad What are you using now?

I don't, I mean, I've been looking for one and none have stuck You've been using like a surgeon, right? And part of a trade with him?

Yeah, well, I tried So, but okay, so now this is very interesting You were in Griffith Park I was in Griffith Park In 1993 Right And did you see a little black boy?

See, I didn't even like it when Devin said it It's even weirder when you say it Sorry, I just- I saw a boy, I don't know if he was black or white Sorry, it's been- Really?

It's been normalized Well, it was dusk, it might have been hard to see I knew he was, I knew he was black, but I couldn't tell if he was little or big So, so you walked into- he's not little, nor is he green?

Well, you're right, but I have that voice I mean, he's sort of little, but not as little as Paul Well, come on, let's go back to back Stand next to me back to back Alright, I don't know I feel like this is a trick No, well, I would have been a trick You even picked my pocket or something?

It's like requiem for a dream I was gonna do that, I was gonna take his elbow Bend down behind him and then I push him So wait, now that's part of your story that you, you totally left out Oh yeah, I didn't think it was that important The fact that the aliens had drums Yeah, I didn't think that was an important detail It's a very important detail We heard you get served in the book Yeah You thought that was an important detail, but not the part where you saw the deceased recording artist, John Lennon Well, we all know I'm getting to the point I was back, I'm back I'm gonna continue to say that it was just an alien, but it might have just been a crazy coincidence that you were there, John So you're thinking I'm the alien That was my first instinct when I heard your voice, John My question's for Dutton, how do you feel about all these people using the drums slogan or whatever, but you're the one playing the drums Oh, you're a drummer I mean, they're right over here Be my guest I thought I recognized those things Yeah, John, this is what you're, this is the Sloppy Boys They have their first album coming out on Tuesday Do you remember your first album?

Uh, the first album I ever bought was Beatles 1 Did you buy all the Beatles albums?

I did Well, that's the best stuff, because it's got that stuff Right, it's got the number ones Okay, so you don't know what the hell do I need to buy, you know You don't want to hear a honey pie Yoko droning, and I said okay to that, that was me And I put it down So when you put out your first album, you're like, I'm not gonna buy it I'm gonna wait till the best of to then get any of my music Right, I'm not gonna buy it, I'm gonna sing it Oh, that's cool, you can only And you don't want to buy any of the duds Right, exactly, I don't need to listen to Yellow Submarine So you played guitar on these records, and Tim, he plays the guitar Oh, really Yeah, I would love to pick your brain about the strings I would like to pick your brain, do you happen to know Ringo, where Ringo lives?

Ringo Starr?

That's right I mean, England Ringo borrowed your guitar, he still hasn't given it back?

He hasn't given it back to me, and I know it's in his closet, and I was gonna ask if he let you borrow it We have a guitar here if you want to play some of your new songs that you were talking about No, I couldn't My fingers, you look at these fingers, they're so, they get cut up on the strings But you can play your own guitar?

That's what I'm saying, I haven't played it in years, it's been at Ringo's house What do I say every time I come on this podcast? I do not have my guitar I know, but okay So, uh, well That's okay, I'm getting mean But do you have any words of wisdom here for the Sloppy Boys? Minus one Yeah, sure, um, I don't know, what can I tell you? Tour around the world and have a great concert in Shea Stadium and everything will be fine Become famous I'm in Citi Field now Oh, okay, that's more of a YP, your problem Okay, well look, Sloppy Boys, I know Mike's not here, but are you guys ready to play another song?

Yeah, we would love to, we are itching Okay, maybe he'll come in by the middle of the song Yeah, I saw him out the window moving his car If you want, I can step in and do Mike's part No, you're looking at me, I don't care what you do No, are you guys prepared to play another song from the new album Lifelong Vacation?

And John, you can hear the cut of their jib and sort of see what you think of them Sure, that's great, that's an interesting title Yeah, and if Mike comes in, then he can just jump in in the middle or something like that Or I could play whatever, your drums, his guitar, what is mine for?

You could play the bass? I thought you had no calluses I could, I'll try All you gotta do is slap that bass, so you don't really know Alright, so you guys ready to play a song?

I recognize that line from a movie I've never seen before What about Leave the Cannoli?

Not something I practice, I'm a bit of a sweet tooth Okay, great, you guys ready to play Sloppy Boys?

Yes, this is a song that's a little bit autobiographical ripped from the pages of my diary It's called I'm One Hell of a Dude Mind if we go on my count?

One, two, three, four I'm one hell of a dude And I mean it with all of my heart I mean it with all of my heart You know I mean it with all of my heart I really mean it with all of my heart Yeah One, two, three, four He's one hell of a dude And we believe him with all of our heart Yeah, we believe him with all of our heart We believe him with all of our heart Yeah, we believe him with all of our heart Please, you can't believe me Please, you know I swear to God Oh, I swear to God I'm one hell of a dude And I mean it with all of my heart Okay, oh wow. Mike, you came back just in time.

Yeah, geez, that sounded great.

Yeah, it sounded great what?

With John on it.

So John was playing but you came back what, just in time to see him?

Geez, really?

Just watching.

I heard people outside saying, you gotta get in there.

John, look.

His fingers weren't killing him. You could have helped him out.

Yeah, he was while he ran out to the bathroom screaming, my fingers, my fingers.

I don't do it.

Okay, but John, but John, you were just playing bass.

Oh, wait, he's gone. I'm very confused. All right, we need to take a break when we come back.

Confused? Just look around the room.

Wait, that wasn't a break?

No, that wasn't a break, Gino. When we come back, we'll have more from Devin O'Shea, the author.

We'll also have more from the Sloppy Boys, John Lennon and Gino Lombardo.

We'll be right back with more Comedy Bang Bang.

Roll ads.

Comedy Bang Bang, we're back here and the Sloppy Boys are here. Mike is still here.

Now John Lennon has not come back.

Not yet. I just heard some screaming down the hall.

You just heard screaming down the hall.

Now during the break, he did come back and he said, are we still on break?

We said yes. And then he left. It was very confusing.

It's very good. And by the way, he's down the hall. I mean, it's like a ride.

Holy shit. He's down the hall. Lucky bastard.

When he gets back, he describes each door.

Look at those posters.

Fucking guy. Man, John Lennon's lived a life too, technically.

Two lives. Yeah. We also have Devin O'Shea.

Two lives matter.

He's just lived one life.

Yeah, it's just one life.

One life to live.

I'm currently scribbling a new chapter right now.

Well, does that mean a new chapter of your book or you're living more of your life?

Uh, you could say both.

Let's ask some more important questions. Are we going to have to hear this new chapter?

No, you know what? No. We are not watching.

You didn't do any chapters when I was out moving my car, did you?

You want me to redo those chapters?

No, I heard the chapters when I was here.

Oh, okay. No, I didn't read them.

We're all very confused about when you were here and when you were not here.

Describe everything that you saw.

I'd rather not.

Okay. So Devin, you've written another chapter?

Yeah, I wrote another chapter.

And what is this? Is this after the last chapter is done?

No, I've taken your notes, Tim. Script doctor.

Yeah.

I love, I took the soup so fast.

I forgot to mention I wanted you to save the cat.

Oh yeah.

Prove that I'm like a good guy.

Yeah, but you don't have to do it.

Okay.

Save the alien.

Hold on, let me try. Cross that out. Okay. I think I saved the cat.

Great.

All right, here we go. Chapter four. A new chapter.

I like the title.

I'm a pretty good guy.

I thought, can I stop you?

No, that's not like it was going to.

I thought you were rewriting the first few chapters.

You were taking notes and rewriting the first.

Instead, you're just taking a bunch of notes and leaving the first three as is.

Man, I'm in the middle of a rewrite and you want the final product.

Like, I mean, I thought you worked at TV, Scott.

This is like a third draft.

I thought you might read the part that previously featured the soup.

And now you're reading all the parts.

Nobody's going to get to chapter four of the first three RMS.

Why would they keep reading it?

Let's see.

I'll cross out four and put one.

Okay.

Beautiful.

Okay. Chapter one. A new chapter.

I'm a pretty good guy.

I'm a big brother.

I walk this little black boy Frank around.

I don't know where he is actually.

But that was- Was that you talking now?

So you don't know where Frank is?

Because he's 31 years old at this point.

He's definitely a medium black boy at this point.

You guys are very confused by the book writing process and the way that- Okay. Sorry.

That's the point that's confusing us, Devin.

It's not the process.

It's maybe the product, but go ahead.

Okay.

Yes, I saw an alien.

And it was crazy.

I heard him say drums.

I watched him walk into the woods.

He was little.

He was green.

I saw an alien.

Holy shit.

Oh, it's a punk.

It was like a stone punk.

All right.

That's chapter one.

I was going to say your original draft is more like a play, like a monologue.

And this is like a poem.

I'm changing it for real.

Yeah.

It's more poetic now.

Yeah.

I would say just thicken up the page a little bit and you're ready to rock.

Well, thank you guys.

I really appreciate this feedback.

This is really helping.

Yeah.

Do you hope to sell it to a publisher?

Oh yeah.

I want to sell it to Random House.

That's random.

They'll buy anything.

That's what I said, Scott.

Okay.

I heard there was a book publishing plays called Random House.

I was like, that's random.

Come on, man.

Come on, they'll probably buy this.

That's funny.

I got to stop you short because my beeper's going off.

I think my oil change is...

Oh, okay.

You're ready for that?

Pick up the car.

They're ready.

I'm ready.

It works out great.

We'll see you next time.

Thanks.

Should we decide now if you want to come back and sing another song or should we just flip a coin when we get to this?

Don't worry about me.

I'm just trying not to.

Commitment to the band.

You guys are fine with this.

Yeah, he's got a nice car.

I'll see you guys a little later, I'm sure.

Yeah.

Okay.

All right.

We'll see you.

Okay.

All right.

No one else to talk to.

We may as well just end the show.

I mean, this is, you know, we've completed your chapter or the sloppy boys don't have any more any more members.

And you know, I always have nine more songs.

Yeah, but they can't play them.

They have about 16 more minutes left of music.

Yeah.

We can't play.

No.

And Gino, you have nothing.

Nothing happened to you in your break.

So I guess nothing's happened.

Let's just close it up.

I mean, this is just...

Damn it.

These Scott, I need to talk to you.

I'm John.

John's back.

Thank God.

London is back.

Fuck, we almost got to go home.

Nope, not yet.

Because Scott, I got to talk to you about a legal matter.

Oh, okay.

Well, maybe myself or legalzoom.com can help out with this.

What's the matter in question?

Wait, are we on break right now?

We're technically I was trying to slip it in like product placement.

Oh, hey, I'm always trying to slip it in.

Okay.

Promo.

I want to get to that in a second too.

Promo code five inches and five inches.

Five by five.

All right.

What do you what's your...

I just want to talk to you maybe about suing you.

Look at my goddamn fingers.

They're caught up.

Whose property does this happen on?

Suing me?

You're the one who...

You're the one running this.

You're the one who saw Mike Hanford come in, wave like, give me the base.

Right.

And then you shook your head no, and you mouthed the words, I will never give you this goddamn base.

And then you proceeded to play.

This is all your choice.

And I looked at you and what did you do?

You did not intervene at all.

You're running this whole thing.

You're making poor choices.

I'm not your conscience.

I'm not supposed to follow you around telling you, hey, you shouldn't be doing these things.

All right.

Well, if you're not going to help me out with this, I'll go to a real lawyer and sue you.

I'm not...

Wait, what was your plan?

For me to sue myself?

If he had a nice lawyer that he knew about.

Some of you, I was going to make this easy on you.

Some of you like to deal with.

Wouldn't it be nice getting sued by a friend?

Something stranger you don't know.

I guess. How much do you want to sue me for?

I'm not made of money here.

You have way more money than I do.

Let's not get into that.

You blew it all on copies of one.

Right.

That was something that was said earlier.

No one has to react.

I thought you said poppies for one.

I did not know what you meant.

Poppies for one?

Somebody ought to...

You sound like my florist.

I go to my florist to eat flowers by myself.

Because I ask people, I ask people all the time, you want to come down to the flower store?

And eat flowers?

And eat flowers.

That's weird.

They look at me, to borrow a phrase, like I've got two heads.

I got to tell you, I bet Yoko would be into that kind of thing if you were interested in patching.

If I was interested in Seager again, nope.

Yeah.

Well, we all have our own personal Yokos, things that we can't get past.

I'm not talking about a kulap.

But what have you been up to?

The lady doth protest too much.

I'm not talking about kulap.

Well, what have you been up to?

We haven't seen you in six months.

You've been to Montauk.

I've been to Montauk.

I'm sort of getting my summer going.

You're just getting it going.

This is how you do it.

In June, you get it going.

Yeah.

Well, that's what I saw in Geno.

I've been warming it up for a little bit.

Yeah.

I saw Geno down there.

When was that?

Back in April.

It was April.

We were both gearing up for summer.

We were both picking out where we were going to put our towels down at Ditch Plains.

We were just kind of sorting it all out so that when school was out, we can just fucking cruise.

Just get right in.

Yeah.

Okay.

So what else is being going on?

Oh, well, yeah, driving the RV around.

Sure.

You drive the Grand Canyon yet?

No, not yet.

Of course.

You know, there's assholes down there.

They stop me before I get there.

Yeah.

I got all the speed in the world coming from New York City.

You say that like, of course, you know I haven't done it.

You keep trying.

As long as you keep trying, I'm going to continue to wonder.

That's not, that's frustration with the state troopers of Arizona.

Okay, yeah.

You don't need to treat me like that.

No, I don't.

Yeah.

But I do.

Because I get upset and I'm mad at the world sometimes.

Right, right.

Anything been going on in New York City?

Or let's see, we just all the snow melted.

No, I don't mean the actual things in the town.

I mean with you in the town.

Like, I can just read the New York Times.

Oh, I saw Old Gray Lady.

If I want to hear about what's happening in the actual town.

I saw an episode.

I went to a taping of Jimmy Fallon.

You did?

Who were the guests?

Cardi B.

It was like a week Cardi B was doing it.

Oh, when she was hosting.

Right.

Were you disappointed?

No, I thought she was great.

But I was just seeing the show live was so exciting.

But I can imagine when you're like, oh, I'm going to go to a taping of the Tonight Show hosted by Jimmy Fallon that's hosted by some, you know, pop star.

It must be disappointing.

Weren't you on late night shows yourself playing music at some point?

The Ed Sullivan.

Well, I guess that was early.

How, what time was the Ed Sullivan?

You would know.

64.

It came on 8 30 every day.

The Ed Sullivan Show, it was 7 p.m.

7 p.m.

Really?

Yeah.

These came on real early.

Because you were born in the 50s.

You must have been you must have been a boy of like eight or so when the Beatles played.

I remember it so fondly, Scott.

You were great, Lennon.

Thank you.

You were great.

Well, I can't take all the credit.

Let me just go.

We had another guitarist, a bass player up there with a drummer.

This is back in the day, by the way, when there were there was no TiVo, there was no VCRs.

If you missed something, you would never see it again.

So describe, paint a picture for us.

What happened, Devin?

I turned on my TV.

Planes in cars.

There were?

Yeah, not on TV.

That's true.

They didn't allow it till the 70s.

I turned on my TV.

I saw the Beatles on the Ed Sullivan Show.

They played a song.

I smiled.

Okay.

It is interesting to get a first hand account.

I like that.

There's all sorts of detail that you're leaving out that could, you know, what was unique about it?

How did you feel about it?

It was a British invasion.

Thank you.

Yeah.

Oh, I should have said that.

Okay.

I also thought I thought that story could have, I would have put the soup in that story.

I would have, I could feel it too.

I felt like I needed the soup.

Yeah.

Well, you got it free.

You took it out of the book.

You can put it here.

This is great.

You guys are great.

Thanks.

You weren't giving any advice, John.

I want them in the room.

I'll take a compliment anytime.

You're like a compliment thief.

Oh no.

All right.

Yeah.

Have it back.

Okay.

So John, nothing else going on?

Uh, what else am I up to?

Let me, uh, stroke the old beard hair and see what I can come up with.

Yeah, well you grew a beard.

Yeah.

It's okay.

It's coming in pretty good.

Yeah.

I always do.

How long is this?

Nice summer beard.

Uh, how long is it in length and in time grown?

Six inches, six months.

An inch a month.

That's what my father used to give my mother.

That's, well, it's funny you say that because people always say that.

And on December 31st, my dad put all 12 inside.

Okay.

You're talking about you.

I thought he meant that he would fuck her once and he had a one inch dick.

No, no, no, no.

No.

You would give her the two inches in January, two inches in February.

And then she would be working up to the full footer on.

Okay.

I don't know you guys.

He's like a miser until Christmas.

Uh, the one as big as me.

Oh my goodness.

All right.

Well guys, we're running out of time.

Oh, thank God.

We only have one last thing to do on the show.

That's a little something called plugs.

Okay.

I like grungy.

Was that you guys?

I wish my God.

What?

Yeah, that was better than you guys.

Real bad.

That was, you can't hide your plugs for me by host Doyer.

Is that what it is?

Is that what your writing says?

Host Doyer.

Okay.

Very good.

Thank you to Hoist Doyer.

And if you have a plug theme, go to the airwolf message board submitted in the appropriate thread and you can be famous for a week.

And let's see, what are we plugging?

Wait, sloppy boys.

Did you think of maybe recording a plug song as a way to get your music played on comedy bang bang?

I mean, we would have to think of the chords.

Yeah.

I mean, I don't know what goes in.

I don't know what there's into writing a song.

I'm just throwing it out there.

I didn't realize you had to come up with the chords.

Cause the lyrics are easy.

You'd say some of the plugs plug you plug you.

Yeah.

Whoa.

Jeff, is it?

Is it a relief?

I thought we were getting crazy.

Is it a relief when these guys are talking about chords?

Like I don't have to deal with those.

Check the best part, baby.

He glazed over.

I saw the eyes just go glaze.

Oh God.

They wake me up when we go, go.

So sloppy boys.

You have an album coming out lifelong vacation.

I love that title.

It's going to be available everywhere.

Check it out Tuesday, tomorrow.

And check us out online, man at the sloppy boys on social media, of course.

And elsewhere.

And this is all in real life.

Not going to work.

Well, worse the sloppy boys, but in real life, you could drop the app.

That's just our handle online.

Guys, guys, this show is heard by hundreds of thousands, if not millions of people every week.

Like give them a reason to you guys got to get better at this.

You can't just go.

Yeah, we have an album.

It comes out tomorrow.

Like give people a real, like really.

Yeah.

Sell it.

Describe it.

So, I mean, by the way, Devin, you're not any good at this either.

Let Devin come up with some adjectives.

You have anything?

He waits a lot.

Plug.

It's going to be great.

So slurp, slurp.

The album comes out.

Donk, donk, donk.

Yeah, we're getting served papers.

Turk, Turk, Turk, Turk, Turk, Turk.

And there was an alien.

Okay.

Now, look.

Now, listen to me.

I heard this album.

You did?

Right.

I went on.

When you were in the bathroom?

Huh?

When you were in the bathroom.

I grabbed my cell phone and listened to some of the songs on it.

Your bloody fingers?

Hey, good for you not to bring those up or I'll think about suing you.

Anyway, it's a great.

By the way, this is almost like the sequel to, you know, I've got blisters on my fingers.

Yeah.

They actually burst and they burst open with blood coming out of them.

Okay.

It's a great album.

This thing, 11 songs long, and they are quick, man.

It's fun stuff.

It's a rock and roll.

Like, like it's never been done before.

Like it's never been done before?

Like it's never been done before.

We tried a few things in our band.

If you've heard of it, the European band I was in and yeah, we sort of hit a limit.

These guys took the ball and kept running.

You guys, I have a question about the Beatles.

When you started off, you're kind of clean cut in the suits and everything like that.

Right.

We, I do have to say you had mop tops.

Yeah.

You kind of, uh, he's talking about, uh, Tim over there is talking about when we had brush cuts.

Oh, okay.

Sure.

I go back.

You mean back when you were playing in Germany?

That's right.

Oh, okay.

Did you stick with that style all the way through your career?

Uh, let's see.

What did I do with my hair?

Well, like for example, in the late sixties after you did drugs and all that.

Hey, if you remember it, you weren't there.

And then we talked about the barbershop.

That was about, you know, we never went to the barbershop.

That's a good movie.

I love it.

What year did it come out?

Uh, I don't fucking know, man.

Because it might've been competing against alien three.

My favorite actor is Eve.

My favorite band is Eve six.

Holy shit.

I haven't even seen one through five.

My favorite Christmas is Eve.

Mine's new year's cause my mom gets all 12.

And you like it down.

All right.

So this is a lot of people is lifelong vacation in stores tomorrow.

I cannot wait until 9 PM on the West coast to download this midnight everywhere else.

All right.

Devin O'Shea anything to plug?

Yeah, I'm a writer on a TV show called Mr.

Student body president.

It's a show that comes out on go 90.

It's starring a bunch of Instagram influencers and will Hines.

What a match made in heaven.

It's a match made in heaven.

He's an influencer to a degree.

Had a season three, all the episodes are out this week.

So these are all 90 minute episodes.

That's what go 90 means.

Actually, they're about 11 minutes, but you know, everyone knows go 90 means that's you turn your phone 90 degrees.

So you can watch it at cinema.

Thank Jesus Christ, Scott.

Have you not on go 90 like the rest of us?

Wait, you watch anything you turn at 90 degrees.

Yeah.

Go 90.

So how is this special?

Cause you go 90.

What maybe like if you're already at 90, you'd turn it back to zero.

No, you then you go 180 and flip the whole thing.

That's a different network altogether.

Back to zero.

But anyways, Mrs.

Zoom body president, check it out.

They also are posting it on Tumblr for some reason.

That seems like it's very old and I don't know why they're doing that.

So how do you transcribe directly into final draft?

How does that work for you?

I don't know what you're asking me right now.

Okay, that sounds about right.

So yeah, but I did write out a TV show.

All right.

Gino, you have anything to plug?

Yeah.

While we're talking, we talked about little black boys.

We talked about birthday boys.

We talked about sloppy boys.

I know a little thing that has boys in it.

It's called Action Boys and it's a Patreon podcast where a couple of dudes, three, you guys might like it because it's three straight white guys.

Everything you're involved in is just like a collection of different number of straight white guys.

That's awesome.

Yeah.

Hey, you're telling me brother.

And then it's called Action Boys, but with a Z because it's like a little bit throwback.

You can go to actionboys.biz or, but that's with an S.

Yeah, the Biz is with an S.

Actually, this is my plug, so let's get it right, Scotty.

It's hard.

It's called Action Boys.

Check it out.

They review classic action movies and every episode is longer than the movie they review.

It's honestly, are you talking to R.E.M.

Remi?

It is sort of like that in that it, I can't believe people listen to it.

You know, like, wait, what are you saying?

Like you doing that?

Don't you feel like, Oh, this is so fun for me and Adam to do?

No.

Oh, okay.

Nevermind.

Oh, you're doing it just for the money.

Yeah.

I want to plug the aforementioned Are You Talking to R.E.M.

Remi, new episodes on Wednesdays with Adam Scott.

He and I reviewing R.E.M. records.

Also, Threedom, you can go to stitcherpremium.com slash threedom.

Oh, shit.

The promo code Threedom will get you a free month of that.

And we just put out a new Between Two Ferns episode last Thursday with Jerry Seinfeld and Cardi B.

So go check that out on the internet.

John Lennon, do you have anything you want to plug?

Yeah, you know, you remember that podcast I was doing where I help people.

Questions for learning.

Sure.

I was on one.

Yeah, you were great.

Oh, thank you.

You know the microphone so well.

Yeah.

I mean, I know which way it's supposed to be pointed.

Not everyone does.

Really?

That was the main problem with season one?

Right.

Yeah.

Well, season one never came out.

See, that's season one is two, two is three.

Okay.

Three is eight.

Got it.

Um, I'm doing some more of those.

They'll be coming out probably, I think, in the fall.

Okay. And people can hear the previous seasons on Stitcher Premium.

Yeah.

That's okay.

And, uh, very good.

All right.

I'm excited for that.

Ooh, promo code freedom.

Promo code freedom.

Yeah.

All right.

Let's close up the old plug bag.

Whoa, what a bag.

It's time to open it.

It's time to open the bag.

Open the bag.

All right.

Almost the six month anniversary of that coming up.

Um, that's exciting.

Never forget.

Uh, guys, thank you so much.

I want to thank our guests.

Uh, we have another sloppy boys song coming up, right guys.

But, uh, thanks to, thanks to you guys.

Always a pleasure to see you.

And thank you.

Thank you.

What's going to happen if you shoot to the top of the charts?

Are you guys going to change?

I don't think so.

I'll see you up there.

No, you don't change when you get that high.

Really?

No.

You're the same.

But you're the same guy.

I was on that trajectory as an anyway.

Yeah.

I didn't know like a crazy guy, white suits.

Sure.

I was going to, you know, a little guy from Louisville.

He's going to get a white suit.

Devin O'Shea, congrats to you.

First book, probably not going to be in stores.

But buy it if you need three sponges.

Um, that's not a bad way to sell this guy.

Gino, uh, please don't make it so long before the next time you return.

Oh, I'll come back as soon as possible.

In the meantime, I will be of course, rubbing my dick on the edge of a dresser until I almost reach climax.

Okay.

Very good.

And John, always great to see you.

It's great to be here.

Are you going to play the last song with the sloppy boys?

I think I have to.

Because Mike's not coming back?

Because my beep is ringing and, uh, cause we have the same oil change guy.

So you have to stay and play the song?

No, uh, so my, no, I didn't finish my thought.

I just sort of looked away.

My beep is ringing here and it's saying Mike's going to be alive.

All right, Gino.

Look, you know, when I, when I said to you on Montauk that you and I were good friends and I want to do a whole summer, that was just to get you the hell away from him.

I'm sorry.

Well, you said you're great friends and you want to spend the entire summer with him to get him away from you.

That's the worst way.

I wasn't thinking, I wasn't thinking I was reading the newspaper.

Well, there's a spot for you at body born.

All right.

Well, speaking of a spot for you, this is the exact spot where the final song is supposed to go.

Who wants to introduce this one?

John, you probably don't know what it is.

So let him try correction.

You do.

That's right.

I do wait.

Or it's called correction.

To name a song.

Correction would be, would need a correction.

This song is called he, he, he, he, he, he, he.

And it's about the three guys in the band.

I would imagine because they're all men.

They're all straight white men.

Or it's about the other three birthday boys.

Hey, it might just make you say he, he, it's so funny.

Oh, okay.

That's one way of looking at it.

All right.

Well, you guys ready to play?

You got to have your instruments on and yeah, I'm trembling putting this thing back on.

All right.

Try to play that triangle.

Mike brought it in and refused to play the first two songs.

I don't know.

I'm going to touch this thing.

Are you going to slap the bass with that much gauze on your fingers?

Yeah, I'm going to have to slap it harder to get through it.

All right, here we go.

This is the sloppy boys with he, he, he album coming out tomorrow.

Lifelong vacation.

Here's the sloppy boys.

One, two, three, four.

He, he, he, I'm Michael Jackson.

He, he, he, I'm having a blast.

He, he, he, we're going to have a good time, baby.

He, he, he, I'm Janet Jackson.

I'm having a blast.

We're going to have a good time, baby.

I'm Richie Jackson.

I'm having a blast.

We're going to have a good time, baby.

One of us did the moonwalk.

The other one had a hit.

One of us was the baseball player who also had lighted hands.

We're a bunch of Jacksons.

He, he, we're having a blast.

He, he, we came to have a good time, baby.

Very good.

You didn't get to that triangle.

No, I well, no, I couldn't.

The song was going too fast.

That thing was way too fast.

What the hell was that all about?

But those are those are great.

Those are funny songs.

Yeah, I was cracking up.

They are funny as hell.

Thanks, John.

I like about this album.

It's fun.

I did not say he, he, he, but I did say ha ha ha.

So hopefully that's a compromise you can live with.

I will accept.

All right.

Sloppy boys.

Good luck.

We'll see you next time.

Thanks.

Bye.

And roll end.
