---
layout: page
title: 552. Weird Al Yankovic, Ryan Gaul, Edi Patterson [59424⧸].mp3.wav
category: cbb 
---

♫ That's a bunch of baloney.

Okay, that concludes your tour of this baloney factory.

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

Thanks to Bingo Boy for that wonderful catchphrase submission.

And welcome back to Comedy Bang Bang for another week.

We have a very special episode this week.

A little later, we'll have an entrepreneur.

Oh, this is exciting.

I love talking to people with businesses and ideas.

So that'll be coming up a little later.

Also, we have a physician coming up after our next guest or our first guest.

But speaking of baloney, by the way, my name is Scott Aukerman.

Welcome back to Comedy Bang Bang.

So nice to have you back.

But I'm very excited because speaking of baloney, we have a guest who has both sung about it and is full of it.

He is my former subordinate.

I could have fired him at any point during our work.

I'm your current subordinate, actually, so it's okay.

And I want to set a record straight.

I don't sing about baloney.

I sing about balona.

Two totally different things.

Where did you grow?

And I'll introduce you in a second.

What did you grow up saying?

This will be a surprise to everybody.

What did you grow up saying?

What did I grow up saying?

Did you say baloney or did you say balona?

Or was that word never spoken in your house?

We never said that word.

It was like Voldemort?

No.

It was like one of those kind of things you read in print and you always wondered how it was pronounced.

Right.

And why were you reading about it so often in print?

Did you subscribe to the baloney bee?

I minored in lunch meats.

Oh, really?

In high school.

That does not surprise me, considering your oeuvre.

Yes.

And let's talk about it.

He is, as I said, I could have fired him so many times.

And I controlled the purse strings of our production.

You had every opportunity.

I had every opportunity.

I could have cut you off at the knees and you would have been looking for your next paycheck at any point.

But I chose not to do that and instead let you write out the season and, in fact, the end of the Comedy Bang Bang TV show.

So benevolent.

Thank you, Scott.

Of course, I'm a benevolent dictator.

My former bandleader and co-host of Comedy Bang Bang.

Number three, if you're counting.

The third one, yes.

And not third in our hearts, certainly, but.

But that as well.

Third chronologically, yes, as well.

And he's had a minor career other than that.

Please welcome back to the show Weird Al Yankovic.

Hey, Scott.

How are you?

I'm well, thanks for asking.

Are we singing?

May I say, upon first observation, and I've known you a number of years.

Which number?

Let's see, I think I knew you 2003.

Well, not biblically.

No, not biblically.

And then I skipped a couple of years knowing you.

I came back to you in 2006.

That was a dark period.

That was dark.

Very dark.

I didn't even know of you in 2004 and 2005.

I had selective amnesia where I remembered some things and did not remember other things.

I guess that's like everyone.

Kind of.

But I've known you a bit, and I've heard you.

I mean, I would say out of the times that I see you, 75% of the time you're talking, the other 25% I'm just viewing you from afar.

But you've been cognizant of me.

Yes.

You've been aware.

But in the times that you're talking, your voice is normally not as low and as gravelly.

What say you to this observation?

Yes, go ahead.

Oh, that was the observation.

Oh, sorry.

That was it.

Yes.

I thought you were setting it up.

Well, I just got off of a major tour, and I've kind of thrashed my voice.

I gave it everything I had.

I didn't give it 110% because that's impossible.

We all know that.

You gave it 100, and the extra 10% is the rest of your voice.

That is correct.

Great.

So you just got off the, I'm not even going to attempt saying what the tour name is.

I'll do it for you.

You still remember it by heart?

Yes, I do.

By heart.

At what point do you think you'll forget it and have that selective amnesia?

Right after this show.

OK, great.

When I snap my fingers, by the way, after you say it, I want you to totally forget the, OK, go ahead.

The ridiculously self-indulgent ill-advised vanity tour.

What?

Where am I?

Who are you?

Oh, no, I went too far.

Why am I naked?

Well, that, of course, is just normal for us.

You just got off tour.

We're recording this in the shadow of a grueling tour that lasted nigh upon 2 and 1 2 months, as far as I'm concerned.

Something like that, 77 shows starting late February and ending June 10th.

So late February to June 10th, I mean, we're talking March, April, May.

That's 3 and 1 half months.

Ooh!

And how many days off did you have?

Well, if you're considering a day off, a day when I wasn't.

Not traveling.

And don't have a show.

I would say probably zero.

Zero?

Because I'm always traveling.

You were traveling?

Because the Earth is always rotating.

That is a good point.

Thank you so much.

Do you ever think that if you jumped high enough, the Earth would travel so much that you could land in a different state?

I've tried that.

Yeah.

It did not work.

Yeah.

Anyway, these are the things we like to talk about.

So you just got back, and your tour voice is gone, and your post-tour voice is here.

That's correct.

And that's what people are hearing currently.

This is how I'll sound from now on.

And let's talk about the tour, because I went to go see approximately 1 77th of it.

Yes, you did.

And I think.

Fabulous Ace Theater in downtown LA, if I'm not mistaken.

Really good at fractions, by the way.

Yes, very good.

What's the love for decimal?

I probably went to 2 144ths of it as well.

Ooh.

Not sure about the decimal.

Nice denominator.

Let's talk about this tour, because I had a grand old time.

I think I had three glasses of wine before, and I was just high on the hog.

That helps.

I was like, well, just bring out whatever.

I'm good with it.

You can't listen to my show sober, really.

And it was very enjoyable.

I happen to know probably 77% of the songs.

Ooh.

And I went with my wife.

I don't know if you know her.

And she knew probably 1 77th of the songs.

And she enjoyed it more than me, I would say.

Wow.

So it's good not to know.

Ignorance is bliss.

Yes, of course.

But it was the kind of tour you were doing a lot of, as we say in the music biz, because you and I are both in the music biz.

Deep Cuts?

The deep cuts, the B-sides, the obscure stuff, the stuff that most people just don't want to hear, really.

But people did want to hear it, right?

Yeah, the people that showed up, it was amazing, because we just say, the people that showed up.

Wasn't it sold out the entire time?

The entire time we were playing was pretty much, pretty much, because we were playing smaller, more intimate venues.

But these are not small venues, by any means.

These are not tiny.

Yeah, these are like 2,000 seat places.

Yeah, well, actually, yeah, 2,000 was the cutoff.

I said I didn't want to play any places larger than 2.

I know, for real, I didn't want to play places with capacity more than 2,000, because we wanted to keep it intimate.

2001, there might be like a Hal situation, where an AI takes over you.

There were a couple of places where they said, oh, we sold 2,000 on three tickets.

I said, kick three people out now.

And which three do you go around pointing, like David Lee Roth?

You, you, and you out.

And it worked very well.

And they understood.

And they thanked you for it.

They thanked me.

The groveling worms they were.

But these are not tiny places, but they were a little more intimate.

And people really enjoyed it.

And talk about the shows, because we talked about them before you went, and now we're in a post-tour universe.

Did you have fun?

Everything was different.

I did.

It was seriously the most fun I've ever had on the road.

It was very laid back.

Because my normal tours were the full production.

It's a real workout.

I mean, I'm running all over the stage, and I'm just like drenched.

By the way, you're fat now, because you didn't get your normal workout on this tour.

So you're morbidly obese.

I don't need a fat seat for the next tour.

Yes, exactly.

You're just going to do fat.

I'm only going to do fat from now on.

Until you do that tour enough.

And then you can sing skinny.

Have you ever thought about a follow-up song, skinny?

Yeah, well, that'll be the next thing.

I will be wearing a skinny suit.

You can talk about skinny margaritas.

Yeah, you could wear a skinny suit.

And what would that be?

It would be just black with an outline of a person in the middle of it?

That's a good idea.

I'm on it.

Thanks so much.

But you did have fun.

Yeah, I did.

And every single show was different.

That was the most fun of it, because of my normal tour.

Because it's so much production, by design, it has to be exactly the same every single night, because there are so many costumes, and it has to go from one song to the next.

And this tour, we learned 50 songs plus 77 cover songs.

We had so much material, and every single show was different.

So the fans, in fact, if you went to the two shows in LA, you saw two entirely different shows.

And which you did not.

But if you did, that's what you would have seen.

I'm sorry, Al.

It was my wife's birthday on the second night.

I understand.

We had to celebrate in a non-Al way.

But what could be more romantic than a Weird Al show?

Well, I will say, during the first show that we did go to, I was fingering the fuck out of her.

Were you?

Yeah.

So it was very romantic to us.

So speaking of effing the F, talk about these shows.

You learned 50 songs, and you rotated them in and out.

How many did you play per night, I would say?

20?

It depends.

Yeah.

We do them medley, so it depends if you're counting those songs as well.

I don't.

You don't.

OK.

You know, 18, 19-ish.

Some nights, you know, because the nice thing about this tour is I could do anything I want.

It's like one night I would just play nothing but Mr. Frump and the Iron Long 18 times.

I would love that.

Yeah.

Did you ever call any audibles out on stage where you're like, I'm feeling this one?

Yes, all the time.

Yeah.

And the nice thing about this particular show is I could say I'm feeling kind of tired.

I'm thinking I'm going to take a nap.

And then I just do it.

And you had a full bed on stage, I noticed.

A lot like what Prince used to have during the Purple Rain tours.

But he would simulate sex, and you would just take naps.

I'd just take naps, yeah.

And people would just very patiently and courteously just be very quiet while doing the whole nap.

And sometimes you would take like nine hour naps.

And so the next morning would come.

And then you'd rise, and the cock would crow.

And you would finally decide to finish the show.

And the fans were ecstatic because the show was so long for them.

Yeah, what an amazing 12 hour show.

It's like Springsteen.

Where Al slept through 10 hours.

The show lasted till sunrise.

And you did 75 covers because you did a different cover every single night, or you did 77?

Well, 77, yeah.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Yeah, every single night.

What were some of the covers you did?

A little.

Well, in New York at the Apollo, we did a Cinnamon Girl, where I made my guitar debut.

I played the solo in Cinnamon Girl.

Ning, ning, ning, ning, ning, ning, ning, ning, ning, ning.

Did you play it using a cinnamon roll as a pick?

No, no.

I used a one string guitar using a standard, standard pick.

OK.

But a cinnamon roll would have been.

It's different than what I said.

That would be gilding the lily, as it were.

Thank you, Shakespeare.

And what were some of the other songs that you played?

Well, let's see, what else?

Well, at the Apollo, of course, the second night I did The Carpenter's Close to You, because I thought, what better way to pay tribute to the history.

Yes.

Anything that I would be interested in?

No.

Hmm, OK.

So let's talk about this.

Now, this is the exciting part.

And this is what you've come on here to talk about.

Are these talking points?

These are talking points.

But no, I was not privy to this decision that this wonderful institution that we created from just mere bricks upon the ground.

When I told you about this backstage in Los Angeles, you said, what?

I was gobsmacked, my dear boy.

But you have put all 77 shows up on Stitcher Premium.

Yes.

All full length shows.

The entire tour is up on Stitcher Premium.

The entire tour.

Everything.

Like 77 live albums released simultaneously.

Simultaneously.

Your move, Beyonce.

This is some Pearl Jam shit here.

You've put them all up.

They all have a different set list.

They're all professionally mixed.

They're all mastered.

The naps, everything.

It's all included.

Some of them are 12 hours.

Some of them you went out, took a look at the audience, shook your head, and just walked right back into the dressing room.

That's right.

And you can hear the whoosh, whoosh as you shake your head.

But all of these are on Stitcher Premium right now for people to stream.

And they're all different.

And do you, I mean, how many?

So you did about 50 of your own songs.

Is that right?

Yeah.

And so how many times did you play each song, would you say?

Like four times a piece?

Well, it depends.

I had a little schedule.

I actually had it all figured out.

OK, this song I'm going to play you.

Like 50% of the time, and this one 30% of the time.

And we had the ones called.

Why'd you do that?

We had the ones called.

We had some 10%ers who was like, nobody wants to hear these.

We're going to play them anyway.

Every now and then.

And were those the most popular ones?

No.

OK, so you were right.

Yeah.

Well, give me an example of a 10%er.

I'm a 10%er myself.

Are you?

OK.

This is right in my wheelhouse.

An example of a song we'll probably never play again in our lives.

She never told me she was a mime.

Great.

Yep.

And what about that makes you not want to ever play it?

It's hard to sing, and it's not funny, and people hate it.

Which album is that on?

I don't know.

I find that, and this is like the comedy bang, bang TV show, I used to remember every single show, and Mr. Joe as well, I used to know every single sketch, and how it would go into the next sketch and everything.

Who cares anymore?

Well, after I released whatever album that was on, I would know what album it was on.

And I was like, oh, it's one of the 14.

By the way, I also snapped my fingers, and that knowledge may have been lost to you as well.

That could have been.

Yeah.

But all of these shows are on Stitcher Premium right now.

People can listen to all of these.

Personally, I'm just going to clear my schedule for the next, I think this is going to take me about, this is going to take me about a year and a half, I think, to listen to all of these.

No, you should binge them.

You should, you know.

No, I'm going to binge them.

OK.

About a year and a half.

It's still about a year and a half, yeah.

Yeah, yeah.

And I should point out another important talking point.

If you go to stitcherpremium.com slash weird Al and put in the promo code weird.

You get a month free, right?

A month free.

Well, you can game the system.

You can stick it to the man.

I also, though, I would go there and put like, freedom in the offer code personally.

Would you?

Yeah.

That's what I would do.

Yeah, yeah.

That means more money in my pocket out of yours.

But yeah, you can get a free month for free and just listen to all of them over the next month and then go, later, bros.

That's how it works.

And then just give us the double birds.

And we'll be like, who the hell was that?

What was that?

Was somebody just in here?

What?

Who the hell was that?

This is amazing.

I've never heard the like of this.

This is something that more musicians should do.

Just put all the live shows up.

The like of this has never been heard of before.

I mean, Fish might have done it.

Well, maybe.

But this is incredible.

And how long are they going to be available?

What's the license on this?

I think till the end of Civilization.

So like another three, four months.

Yeah.

I don't even know if this episode's coming out.

Yeah, we'll see.

We'll see.

It's like, every single time we sit down to do an episode, I'm like, do I really need to waste my last hours on this earth doing this?

But here we are.

I'm in denial, frankly.

Yeah.

Well, Al, this is incredible.

I can't wait for that.

You'll have to.

I mean, they're all available now.

Because this is the 25th.

But I am going to have to wait until the end of this episode, unfortunately.

Oh, I see.

I see.

You can start listening now if you want to in your other headphones.

That's true.

OK, yeah.

Pop it on while I'm talking to Al, would you?

All right.

OK, I'll listen to the first one.

Oh.

That's a weird tour opener choice.

Really?

For the first one?

OK, Al, so let's turn it down.

Turn it down.

Let's talk about the important things.

A few years back, and I was reminded of this because I had a certain gentleman on the show two years ago, or two weeks ago, sorry.

The years and the weeks are just flying by.

I had a certain gentleman on the show two weeks ago by the name of Hot Dog.

Yes.

Now, he happened to come on this show probably eight years ago, nine years ago, because I used to say my catch phrase, what's up, Hot Dog?

Right.

Wait, is this the guy that surfs on salamis?

Yes.

Oh, that hot dog.

Yeah, you've heard of him.

Not that hot dog, yes.

Yeah, he's in the Water Skiing Hall of Fame parking lot.

Very aware of him, yes.

He came on the show because I said, what's up, Hot Dog, so much, and he thought I was talking to him, and so he dropped by.

Now, we discussed a couple of weeks ago the fact that I gave my catch phrase to you, and you were going to use it, or lose it, as they say.

How many of these 77 shows, when I listen back, and be truthful with me, be completely candid and honest with me.

Do I need to lick my palms or anything?

No, no, no.

OK.

I don't.

OK, I won't.

I pre-licked it, I have to say, before the show.

How many of these shows will I hear my former catch phrase that I graciously gave to you in order for you to use it as often as possible?

How many shows?

Well, I said it at every single show, but I gave a Stitcher Premium specific instructions to cut it out.

Because I thought that if people heard that, they might try to adopt it as their own, and then I would have to be litigious, and have to go after them.

That's what happened with me.

I was using it so much, and some guy came in and was like, oh, I want to use that.

Right.

And yeah.

So the live crowd, why I should say all the crowds, except for the show we had in LA that you attended, because they didn't want to embarrass you by using it during that show.

I understand that.

Every other show we did it, and it's been cut out of the show.

OK, now I thought, because when I was talking to Hot Dog about this, I thought he would have then started to show up at your shows.

But he said he hadn't heard about it.

He was not at the VIP meet and greet.

I don't know.

I can't guarantee whether or not.

Really, those are the only meet and greets that count, really?

You do other meet and greets all the time, right?

I do.

Yeah, with your postal worker, with people at Gelson's.

Every time I walk outside, it's a meet and greet.

Yeah, you're doing meet and greets all the time.

But the VIP ones at the shows.

They get a free watch.

OK, well that sounds great, Al.

I just want to make sure you're still using it.

Because if you were not using it, in any of your shows, I would be a little angry and sad.

I would be miffed if I were you, if that were the case, which it is not.

I just want to make sure of that.

But you've assuaged my fears expertly.

Thank you so much.

I now believe you that you used it on all of the shows, except the one I was at.

Thank you very much.

All right, well Al, that's about the only auxiliary question I have for you that isn't devoted to the tour.

Anything else you want to say about the tour?

I'll tell you what.

I'll give you 60, you know, I'll give you 45 seconds.

Free reign.

Talk about whatever you want to talk about.

It doesn't have to be about the tour or anything you want.

So 45 seconds.

OK.

I've got a credenza, which I'm trying to sell on Craigslist.

It's espresso wood.

It's got some wear and tear.

15 seconds.

I think that might have some chewed gum on the bottom.

Oh, is that it?

Oh, that was it.

Yeah, it goes fast.

It goes really fast.

Oh, man.

So it's on Craigslist somewhere.

Too bad that they won't be able to find it.

But you really should have managed your time a little more wisely.

I know, sorry.

Try to talk as fast as I could.

Yeah, I get it.

All right, well, tell you what, Al, we need to take a break.

Because when we come back, this is exciting.

We have a physician and an entrepreneur.

And would you consider a physician to be an entrepreneur?

I mean, especially if they have their own practice.

I think everybody is an entrepreneur in their own way.

In their own way.

Aren't we all selling something?

I think so.

Especially when you hear sex sells, and everyone likes to have sex.

It's like, yeah, so aren't we all selling our body?

I guess so.

You don't like it?

Well, it's OK.

You have a daughter, I think.

Oh, that's right.

Because that had an easier.

I had to like it at least.

Did you snap your fingers or something earlier?

You've forgotten your daughter?

Did you snap your fingers earlier in this interview?

OK, I've got to find a way to reverse this.

Much like survivor reversing the curse.

I'll try to like, how do I reverse snap?

Oh, oh, yeah, I like sex.

OK, great.

All right, on that note, we're going to take a break.

When we come back, we'll be talking to a physician, and we also have an entrepreneur coming up.

We'll be right back with more Comedy Bang Bang after this.

Comedy Bang Bang, we're back here.

Quote, weird, unquote, Al Yankovic.

Oh, no, I'm sorry, it's quote, weird, Al, unquote, Yankovic.

Thank you.

Because the nickname is not weird.

When I just call you Al, do I have to say Al, end quote?

No.

Because there's no like, assuming that the.

Oh, I've got to give you all the rules of style, don't I?

The elements of it.

The elements of style, sorry.

At the very least.

Yes.

Welcome back.

We're here with Al Yankovic.

Comedy Bang Bang, the TV show.

Should we reboot that?

Please?

Aren't we still doing that?

I mean, yeah, we're still doing it.

Canonically?

But I mean, should we get the cameras back and start doing it again?

I would love to.

All right, let's do it.

When do you want to start?

Now.

I'm doing this show.

Oh, right, right.

About later.

I'm listening back to this show.

Do you like those Nell Lader candies?

Those were my favorite.

Oh, my god, do you remember those?

Oh, man.

Al, do you remember any cartoons?

Oh, I like cartoons.

Remember TV?

Sort of.

I don't know.

It's all streaming now.

Yeah, it's true.

Al, do you think, I mean, you do so many songs about food.

How many?

And TV shows, right?

Yeah.

How many, did you say?

Yeah.

Have you ever thought about, you did the food album.

Yes.

Have you ever counted how many food songs you have?

I have not.

That would be interesting for someone to do.

Do you think they're like 77% about food?

I think that I feel like they are.

Even the ones like Jurassic Park or whatever, like, I mean, they sell food there.

Because dinosaurs are eating people, so in fact, the people are food for the dinosaurs.

Yeah, you know what I mean?

So.

So as with entrepreneurs, everything is food related.

Yeah, you know what I mean?

But I forget what my original point was.

I don't remember either.

I think it was good.

Was it good?

It was really good.

Can we play the tape back?

Do-de-glee-glee-glee-glee-glee-glee-glee-glee-glee-glee-glee.

So anyway, Al, you sing so many songs about food and TV.

Do you think that when you come out with whatever new album or new singles or whatever you're going to have, will there be songs about streaming, like Hulu and stuff?

I think so.

I'm not talking about R. Kelly or anything like that.

They're talking about a.

Would you do a song about the R. Kelly scandal?

Just like in detail?

That was trapped in the drive-through.

Sure, no, but I mean.

The subtext was about the scandal.

Sure, sure.

You have to read between the lines.

And this is a serious question.

Do you think that you should be donating all of the profits from trapped in the drive-through to social programs and charities now?

I definitely should.

OK, cool.

Well, we'll follow up on that next time you're on the show.

All right, we need to get to our next guest, if that's OK.

Is that all right with you?

Yeah, OK, fine.

OK, great.

He is a physician, and oh, it seems that he's been on the show before.

Well, that's interesting.

Hi, Scott.

Oh.

Hi, it's me again, and I'm sorry to be here, and I'm sorry to jump in.

I wish I was here for a more positive reason, but I'm not.

OK, yeah, you've just bellied up to the mic here.

That's what you call it.

You guys are in entertainment.

I don't know what you call those terms.

That's a technical term, Bill.

Yeah, I always feel a little insecure coming in here because you guys are all entertainers, and you know the business.

And I'm just a humble doctor.

Humble doctor, yeah.

Dr. Peter Fash is a returning guest, returning champion.

Well, call it what you want.

OK, yeah, returning guest.

Is that OK?

That's fine with me.

OK, well, what would you have called it?

I would have just said it's an exam.

This is an exam.

This is an exam?

For one of my patients.

And you're one of my patients.

Oh, well, I mean, I'm not really technically your patient.

You were on the show.

Not technically, but legally.

Legally?

From some of the paperwork that we signed last time, you did sign up to be my patient for the rest of your life.

Yeah, that's right.

What did I do last time?

I signed up to be on a diet that you had?

The diet that you signed up for is my unique diet, the three-year diet, where you would pick one food and one liquid.

And you would stick to those foods and that liquid for three years.

When you say those foods, you mean that food.

Well, we'll call it what you want.

Sure.

In your case, you never even got back to me after I left.

I was a little disappointed.

I was a little sad.

I was a little.

Yeah.

Well, basically, I had picked.

It seemed like you're stumbling and that's a sign.

Only because I went to school for this.

It's a sign that you're lying.

OK.

No, I'm not lying.

I'm just trying to remember.

This is a number of months, if not years ago.

It was April 25, 2016.

OK, so yeah, definitely over two years ago.

So are you following up with how I kept up on the three-year diet about 2-thirds of the way in?

Well, no.

This is where I feel like.

Approximately 70% in, actually, at this point.

70%.

And I feel like an asshole.

It was two months after that, and pardon my French, but I feel like a bit of a man.

Due months.

Yeah, due months.

Due months after we met, I was sued in a civil suit.

You were?

Yeah.

And I lost my license to drive, and I also am not able to practice anymore.

Well, it must be tough trying to get to your actual office if you can't drive.

Well, luckily, I never had an office.

Technically, I worked out of the grass in my yard.

Right.

Why not take it inside to the house?

I didn't have a house.

Where's your yard, then?

Is it just a vacant lot?

Not as any of your business.

You brought it up!

OK.

Well, in that case, it's a tent.

It's a tent.

A multi-room tent.

You're working out of a tent city.

I was.

I had to sell that.

You sold it.

You sell a tent.

I sold it on Craigslist.

Oh, I see.

Oh, wow.

Did you see, by the way, there's like a credenza there that's gathering a lot of attention?

How much is that?

We never got to it, so I have no idea.

No, it's a secret.

Yeah.

You come, you take a look at it, you make me best off, and I say, that's not good enough.

And then we haggle, then we wrestle, and then it gets ugly.

How long would we wrestle?

Then it gets ugly.

We wrestle, though?

Yeah.

OK.

I'll take the credenza.

I mean, that's not why I came here today, because I am interested in the credenza.

We could just cut to the wrestling, if that's what you're really interested in.

We can cut the credenza out of this whole transaction.

And you guys could just wrestle if you want.

I'm not opposed.

I mean, I'm not in a sexual way.

You're neither in favor nor opposed?

Not in a sexual way.

No, it's not a sexual.

No, Al, you didn't mean a sexual way.

Not at all, no.

No, no.

It could be.

I mean, Al is naked, because that's how we like to do the show.

Don't read anything into that.

Yeah.

But I would also be naked.

No.

No, in fact, you would be wearing Al's clothes.

OK.

Double up.

Yeah, exactly, on top of your clothes.

This is fine.

Just for extra protection.

Yeah.

So I'll tell you what.

Why don't we talk about what you're here to talk about before we get to the wrestling?

Well, we will save the wrestling for the end of the show, if that's OK.

I would love to.

And perhaps our entrepreneur coming up would get in on it, too.

I'm sure any more.

Or referee.

I don't know.

Who knows?

My mother used to say, I don't trust anybody who doesn't wrestle.

Why would she say that?

Was she in the business?

She was in the wrestling business.

She was.

What did she do?

She wrestled.

She was an actual wrestler?

Well, she was an actual Olympic wrestler.

She was one of the first women wrestlers.

First women wrestlers, really?

Which year was this?

This is 1978.

1978, really?

I don't think that was an Olympics year, if I'm being completely honest.

Because as I recall, 1984 was in Los Angeles, and the old torch passed by my house.

This wasn't a regular Olympics.

Oh, which?

OK.

This was the Winter Olympics wrestling.

Well, no, the winter was always in the same year as the summer back then.

Oh.

Sorry, Al.

I hate to hold your feet to the fire on this.

I think what Dr. Peter Fash is talking about is a different type of Olympics.

But let's move on.

Now, as far as the diet is concerned, now, I had picked.

Apricots?

I had picked chicken legs.

OK.

Oh, no, I had picked chicken legs.

OK.

And ginger ale.

I was thinking of somebody else.

And ginger ale.

Yeah.

And so are you still doing that?

Well, for a long time, I tried.

And I got really tired of ginger ale after like three meals.

Like, you think it's a treat, but be forced to drink it.

I found a lot of people who chose bubbly sodas, seltzes, club sodas, or even Papa Cokes, they would soon get old.

Soon grow very tired of it, yeah.

It would get old.

And in fact, I got a lot of complaints about people growing sick.

Growing sick?

Yeah, people would grow sick and not feel well.

And in fact, that's part of the reason people started complaining against me.

They said the food would start to get caught up in the system.

Right.

I got emails saying, like, why would you do this to me?

I got an email saying, my son died.

Your son, what?

A woman called me and left me a message several times saying, my son died.

Died?

Oh, that's terrible.

That's the opposite of what you wanted to do with that diet.

I wasn't looking into that.

That's like a total 180 from the intention, which is to live.

It's a total 180.

Yeah.

Did you say that to her?

No, I should have said that to her.

But honestly, I'm a doctor, and math was not my forte.

Oh, OK.

So I wasn't.

Doctors, there's a lot of math in 10 CCs of, you know.

I think I went over this the last time, though.

I'm a doctor.

I never technically, I, uh.

30 milligrams of such and such, you know, 150 milligrams.

I eyeball it.

You just eyeball it.

Yeah, I'm a big eyeballer, and I made it through.

You have the largest eyes I've ever seen, by the way.

Yeah.

You're like, you know how a baby is really cute because a human being's eyes remain the same size at all ages, and then you just grow into them, and your eyes remain the same size.

And babies are cute because they have giant eyes.

I know how babies work.

Yours seem to have grown.

You have the only pair of eyeballs that have grown.

Or just when you were a baby, you were all eyeballs.

No, I actually have a syndrome where throughout my life, my eyeballs have grown.

So by the time you're old, because you know how old people have really long noses and earlobes that are super, super low?

Like, your eyes are going to be just.

They'll eventually come out of my head because my skull will not be able to handle the shock.

To contain them.

If you look closely at them right now, there's a lot of pressure.

It's a lot like a water balloon that you sort of like cinch up in the middle, and they're just like bulging out.

Yeah, at some point, it's just going to pop.

Well, hopefully, it'll just come out.

But that's where I got my nickname.

What's your nickname?

Peepers.

And that's where you got your nickname?

And it's not from like peeping?

No.

I mean, that's funny you bring that up.

I never thought about it.

I used to look in windows all the time.

And when did people start calling you peepers?

It's usually when I got arrested.

As a young teenager, I was looking through all these windows, and there was an article.

There was an article?

There was an article in the newspaper, and they said this man should be put away.

It's disgusting.

And I defended myself.

Right.

Usually in an article, they don't take a stand on whether someone should be incarcerated or not.

Yeah, they did.

They did.

This was an open-ended shut case?

Well, the journalist that wrote it, I, for years, used to look through her window.

Oh, really?

Yeah.

Not in a way where I was looking for anything.

I was just trying to see her naked.

And it's like.

It seems like she had no impartiality when it came to this article then.

I mean, she had skin in the game, pardon the expression.

Oh, yeah.

I mean, yeah.

I mean, that's hard.

I got off on it, though.

Oh, no, you keep saying things that you think are defending yourself.

Yeah.

No, I mean, I got off on the charge.

Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.

I see.

OK.

How did you?

How were you?

Was there some sort of mistrial situation?

No, I just ran.

Oh, so you're a fugitive.

Have you changed your name?

So what was your original name?

Dr. Fita Pash.

And I shouldn't be saying this.

Nay Peepers.

And then you switched the few of those consonants around, and now you're Peter Fash.

Yeah, no one's got it.

Peter has to come off the tongue a little better than Peter.

And in the long run, and I've thought about this, in the long run, it's worked out.

And you have been on the long run.

Where were you practicing originally?

In Connecticut.

Wow, OK.

So yeah.

Right on the water.

Right on the water?

Why is that?

Why is that detail interesting?

I thought you said describe it.

Oh, I didn't say describe it.

I heard describe it.

I don't think I said describe.

Yeah, you did definitely.

I definitely said describe it?

You said tell us whether or not your practice is close to the water.

I'm sorry.

I guess I don't remember that.

Did you snap your fingers somehow?

I think I might have.

Oh, gosh.

Either way, I feel bad, and I want to apologize to you about not coming to you soon and telling you to get off the diet, because I know that it's done harm to some people.

I wanted to introduce you to my new diet.

Oh, your new diet.

I have to say that I did not continue on the diet.

I got a little tired of the ginger ale.

At a certain point, I decided, you know what?

I could try to game the system by liquefying some of the chicken and drinking that.

Cheating that.

But you thought it was cheating.

Yeah, so I got your email about the, you just said cheater, cheater.

Cheater, cheater, sign Dr. Peter Fatt.

Right.

And at one point, you had signed a Dr. Peter Pash, and I was like, this guy's.

But I see you were just like.

Please ignore that.

That was a mistake.

Muscle memory.

Yeah.

But by the way, the muscles in your fingers, your eyes are giant, and you have just like the ends of your fingers.

Do you just work out from knuckle to fingertip or something?

I do a boot camp every this morning.

Every s'more.

I eat s'mores every morning, so I eat calls morning too.

Oh, wow.

You do that?

Is that your one food that you picked?

One of the four basic food groups.

Yeah, you got to eat work.

You got to have a s'more and then work out your toes.

If you look at my toes, those are also pretty good.

I'd rather not.

OK, yeah, now you're putting them on the table.

OK, yeah.

Just chills them out.

By the way, are you ever going to cut those toenails?

I don't believe in toenails.

God made dirt, dirt down heart.

OK.

Listen, here we go.

OK, so you're going to talk about what?

Your new diet?

I did not keep up with mine, so I lasted approximately three hours.

I'm going to give you the contract right here, and I want you to look at that while I describe what's going to happen.

Because over there, it's still, this is also three years.

You want my credit card information and my first pet name and the street I live in?

Just write it down.

And there you go.

Now, here's the deal.

It's still three years.

OK, three years from now.

This way I can reuse all the pamphlets and just cross some things out and put other things in.

Right.

Using liquid paper or just a simple line through?

No, of course, liquid paper.

Liquid paper?

Yeah.

That puts money in Mike Nesmith's pocket.

I hope so.

Yeah.

Always been a big fan.

So here's the deal.

This was a complaint about picking it up.

What about Al?

Is Al on this as well?

I would love to see you get on this too.

Because honestly, if you look at the health effects, I've seen a lot of people that have gone on this diet, and after the three years, they are either.

Didn't you just come up with this diet?

This is something you came up with for over three years ago?

No, this I've been using from the moment I had the civil suit against me.

OK, two years ago?

Yeah, this was about two years ago.

OK, so you've had no one get through the entire three year period at this point.

Well, technically, when I talked to you the last time, there had been people who had finished and either passed away or had been very sick.

Your story is not holding up, I think, is what I'm trying to say.

OK, well.

Why did you lie to me?

You don't have to lie to me.

I'm insecure.

I get it.

I wanted you to think I had a lot more patience than I did.

Everyone is insecure.

It's a ray is insecure at this point.

But I got to tell you, Scott, number one, I had a lot of faith in this product.

OK, OK, you feel good about it.

You don't have to lie.

You don't have to lie about it.

Just tell us about it.

Al is interested.

I mean, Al's a vegetarian.

Or are you vegan?

I don't know.

Somewhere in the middle.

OK, yeah, yeah.

So you can eat, but you can still eat some creatures.

Well.

Yeah, it's just some like.

Yeah, vegan means what?

Like focus on them?

I can eat microorganisms.

Yeah.

What about bugs?

Those are animals.

I am curious.

Can you eat bugs when you're a vegetarian?

I do inadvertently sometimes.

We all do.

When I'm singing on stage and like things lying in my mouth.

You know you have like bugs, everyone has bugs crawling all over their face.

Oh, what?

Yeah.

Do you know everything is bugs?

Everything is bugs, yeah.

Well, if you think about it, like.

That's my favorite Looney Tunes.

I agree, though.

Do you think like a deer is just a bug?

You're blowing my fucking mind at this point.

But let's get back to your diet.

OK, so the main complaint was boredom and also getting sick.

Those are two main complaints.

I wouldn't lump them together.

Yeah.

Well, I mean, but you got to understand.

So you get bored.

And I don't want people being bored with a diet.

I want you to get healthy in a way where you're like you're getting excited.

Right.

So how do I make sure that you're getting a limited amount of calories but still having some excitement in your life?

So I came up with this.

So for 14 seconds per day, any time you want, you can choose a 14 seconds.

For that 14 seconds, you can eat anything you want.

Anything?

Anything you want.

And as much of it as you want.

As much of it as you can.

In 14 seconds?

No, as much as you want.

That's the way I push it.

Oh, OK.

As you want?

As much as you want.

OK.

But it's kind of as much as you can.

Well, that's like saying.

But what if you want more after the 14 seconds is over?

So that's what we're trying to say.

You got to wait for your next 14 seconds.

And when?

I've had people who will say at 8 PM, they take their 14 seconds.

And then they're like, ugh.

Here's what I want to know.

I want more of that banana cream pie.

Can you stuff your cheeks like a chipmunk in the 14 seconds?

And slowly chew it and swallow it over there?

Is this survivor rules where you have to stick out your tongue?

Jeff Probst?

Does Jeff Probst involved in this?

He's a producer.

OK.

And he might be a host, depending on if I get this to air as a show or infomercial.

That's down the road.

We'll see if it works.

And I do believe it will.

Because as I was saying, if you get to a point in the day where you have your 14 seconds and say, I've practiced this.

I can in 14 seconds.

I've eaten pound and a half salami.

Wow.

Amazing.

No bread, of course.

That would be bad if it were hot dog salami.

Two sleeves.

That you were water skiing on.

Two sleeves of saltines.

Two sleeves.

Two sleeves of saltines.

Half of.

In 14 seconds, you can get two of those down?

Well, within the 14 second period, I can get two sleeves.

Wow.

On top of the pound and a half of salami.

On top of it.

Oh my god.

Yeah.

It's not easy.

And it's not going to feel great.

Yeah.

You must be deep throating these things.

That's disgusting.

How did you come up with 14 seconds?

Yeah.

That's a great question.

Do you know how to answer it?

It was kind of random.

Sorry.

But here's what I will say.

The beautiful part about this is that you have 14 seconds one day, you might have your saltines and salami.

Next day, guess what?

At some point during the day, and I don't designate when you have to take that 14 seconds.

So you could literally, some days, you could have 20.

You could do it at like 11, 59 PM.

You could have 20 seconds and shove down twice as much.

And then go to sleep.

Yeah.

Like if you go to sleep after midnight, in other words.

And my scientific studies have shown you will sleep kind of a weird amount of time if you do this diet.

Really?

What's a weird amount of time?

I've slept up to 23 hours.

23, so longer, in other words.

Not like 20 minutes.

But then the next day, I'll sleep like six, seven minutes.

Yeah, wow.

OK.

So it's not consistent, but that's what I like about it.

It keeps exciting.

It's like, wow, how long am I going to sleep today?

Maybe today I'm going to sleep for 23 hours.

Or today I have an extra eight hours to spend.

Exactly.

Maybe I'm going to eat two and a half boxes of Honey Night Cheerios in my 14 seconds, which I had a friend who did that.

Right.

The one problem with what you're talking about is if you eat so close to right after midnight, then you have to wait a full 24 hours until your next 14 seconds can come around.

That's not it.

Well, but remember this.

You have twice the amount of food in you to get you through to that time.

I don't remember what you just said.

I said, remember this.

Remember this.

Sorry, I'm not retaining any of this.

Well, then, how do you do that?

Remember this?

There it is.

Oh, OK.

No, I remember everything you just said.

OK.

A kiss is just a kiss.

You must remember this.

OK, well, but anything you want.

What do you eat the rest of the time?

What do you mean?

What do you eat the rest of the time?

There's no eating the rest of the time?

Just the 14 seconds.

That's the point of the diet.

You know, you get 14 seconds for food, and then you get six seconds for liquids.

And you can either use that at the same time.

What if you go on a long hike or something?

It sounds like you'd be dehydrated, not that I'm saying I'm ever going to go on a long hike.

I don't even know why I asked this.

Forget it.

This is about your health, Scott.

This is about keeping yourself healthy.

And if you don't do this, I don't mean to be putting fear into your system.

But you'll be dead within weeks.

If I don't do this?

I'm sure of it.

I'm your doctor, and that's what I'm suggesting.

OK, Al, I don't know.

What do you think?

How does this sound to you?

Well, I think maybe you should not risk death.

So yeah, have you signed it yet?

I think you should sign the paper.

Look, I signed it before I even started talking.

So I've got to be in.

The price is a little higher than the price.

What price?

I could just do this.

Yeah, but you pay for my guidance.

What guidance?

You sent me one email other than the follow-up email saying, forget what I said about calling myself feeder pash.

Well, by the way, you're still paying for the other one.

So we may as well just clock it over and give you credit for this one.

I have to pay for that second email where you were just correcting yourself?

Well, no, you're not paying for the emails.

You're paying a monthly fee, regardless of how many emails you do get.

I don't know why I need your help on this, because you've already told me everything I need to know.

No, that's exactly why you need it.

When you don't know why you need it, that's when you need it the most.

It's like what they say about people who think they've learned everything.

They're the most dangerous people in the world.

OK, I don't know.

I mean, it would be one thing if you were calling me up every day and giving me, I don't know.

OK, well, let me know for you, because I'm your doctor.

OK, sign the paper.

I did already.

Look, I'm committed.

I'm pot committed at this point.

Although, Al, I don't know if you should, because it sounds like we have the full secrets.

And I wouldn't even call it secrets.

It's really one secret of this diet.

You get one.

I do send out a health tip of the day, though, every day.

OK, give me today's health tip.

Just so I know.

Let me find this.

Today's health tip.

You usually start them off with, hey, though, you know that much?

Every single one starts out with, hey.

Well, you don't need to get my attention with this health tip.

Yes, I do.

I need to get your attention and let you know this is serious business.

You can just tell.

You can just like, especially if you're emailing these, just put health tip in the subject thing.

And then you don't need to get my attention after that.

No, I'm putting, hey, it's not just you getting these.

This is spam.

It goes out to thousands and thousands of emails.

You could do, hey, listen.

I could.

That's good.

But then I would just be like, I would stop reading the email.

I would just be like, turn off all my music and sort of listen to the point.

Hey, keep reading.

Better.

That's better.

OK.

You punched it up.

Hey, keep reading.

Thank you, guys.

Although usually not putting a period in would do that.

Anyway, go ahead.

OK.

Hey, keep reading.

I'm going to use it.

Don't worry about your blood pressure.

That's a health tip?

Don't worry about your blood pressure?

Yeah, so many people get interested in the details of blood pressure.

That's the first thing they check when you go into a doctor's.

Exactly.

That's job number one.

How's that working for humans?

So many people die.

I got to say, every single time I go in there, they go, oh, good.

Do you know how many people?

And they've never brought up anything bad about it.

Guess how many people died in America this year?

In America?

I'm going to say five.

I'm going lower.

I think you've gone over.

OK.

Yeah, Price is Right rules.

I'm going to say one person.

Oh.

You think one person died in America this year?

Yeah, I think he's gone over.

OK.

I think it's more around four, but I just wanted to say one.

Over 50.

I win.

You did win.

Thank you.

You did win.

What did he win?

Another health tip.

OK, great.

Let's hear, this would be tomorrow's?

This is going to be sent out tomorrow.

OK, so if you're looking for tomorrow's, just skip tomorrow's.

But all right, what do you got?

Hey, keep reading.

Don't weigh yourself.

I mean, there are doctors who say that, like, just how do you feel?

Don't weigh yourself.

So I think that, yeah.

That's a pretty good one, right?

Don't get involved with how fat you are.

Don't be insecure about that.

Whether you're a guy, some guys have boobs.

And I say, don't worry about that.

Be proud.

If a girl has boobs, she's proud of it.

Why can't guys be proud of that?

She could become like an Instagram model.

Guys could do that.

Yeah, guys should do that.

I think guys with boobs are just as attractive as girls' boobs.

I don't know what you just said right there.

I say, I think guys with boobs just attractive as girls.

OK, yeah, it was even worse.

Look, we need to take a break.

Yeah, we do.

We do.

Everybody needs to think about this.

Yeah, I'm locked in.

Al, think or really think about signing this.

I'm really thinking about this.

But you've already gotten two of the tips.

Don't think.

Just stop dying.

OK, great.

We're going to take a break.

When we come back, oh, this is great.

We have an entrepreneur is here.

This is exciting.

We'll be right back with more Comedy Bang Bang after this.

comedybangbang.com.

Comedy Bang Bang, we're back here, Al Yankovic.

All shows from his self-advised.

Oh, no, no, no.

I don't know.

But whatever tour he was just on, they're all on Stitcher Premium right now.

Did you ever do any REM songs?

I did.

I did for you.

I did an REM song and I did a U2 song.

You say you did those for me.

And yet I was at neither of these shows.

No, but you'll hear them on Stitcher Premium.

Wait, is this an episode of Are You Talking to REM Me?

I was doing it in your honor thinking that I was doing the podcast.

I don't think it is because I don't think that Adam's here.

And we also have Dr. Peter Fash.

I'm sorry.

Nope, Dr. Peter Fash is here.

Thank you very much.

And I was thinking during the break, you know how your emails, they start with, hey, keep reading?

Yeah, hey, keep reading.

You need to throw another one in in the middle of these tips.

You mean, so after?

Because I think the temptation would be to stop.

So do you think, like, I'll give you one more.

Can I give you one last time?

Great.

And throw a hey, keep reading in the middle.

All right.

OK.

This is a good one.

OK.

All right.

Hey, keep reading.

Remember, when it comes to your skin, hey, keep reading.

Don't worry about any of those blemishes.

Keep reading a little bit more.

That's the end?

Yeah.

No, see, you don't want to do a hey, keep reading at the end because there's nothing more to read.

Well, what if there was?

But there's not.

I know, but sometimes there might be.

Yeah, but there's not on that one.

I mean, that's your opinion.

OK.

All right, look, we need to get to our next guest.

She's an entrepreneur.

This is exciting.

I want to figure out exactly what her business is.

And if she has any contracts for me to sign, I'm certainly willing to do that.

Please welcome to the show for her first time, please welcome Bean Dip.

Hey, man, I got plenty of contracts for you to sign.

If you're ready to get into it, we can get the papers out.

It's like, boom, boom, bam.

Hi, Bean Dip.

Hi, Scott.

What an interesting patois you have.

Well, that's what they call me.

Well, I was talking about your way of speech.

No, I know, man, but that's what they call me.

They say, hell, here come Bean Dip with a patois.

Where are you from, may I ask?

I grew up down real close to Sherman Oaks.

Sherman Oaks.

And that's how you speak.

Interesting.

We always call it Shermese.

Shermese, yeah.

I guess, Al, you remember the stereotypical valley girl.

Oh, yes, yes.

Yeah, that's me, stereotypical valley girl.

Sounds very like Moon Zappa.

Here she comes with the big old titties and her Shermese.

I don't remember Moon having big old titties, but.

Go check Google.

I guess I will.

I don't know if I would.

Let me search right now.

Yeah, what were the search words that I used on that?

Moon, sun, titties.

Moon, sun?

I don't know why sun would be a thing.

Well, because you want to give yourself a treat.

If you're looking up some Moon stuff, you don't really get depressed.

I got the Sun, Young, Moon stuff.

I was disgusting.

Also, I feel like if I looked up Moon, Sun, and titties, I would just see a Moon and a Sun next to each other and it would, like, in a bra.

You will get a couple Google images with the Moon and the Sun with nipple drawn on them.

You will get that Scott.

Bean dip, so nice to meet you.

So nice to meet you, baby.

And you're an entrepreneur, you say?

Yeah, I sell kisses, trinkets, everything for a high dollar.

I'm sorry, you sell, did you say kisses?

Yeah, kisses to males and females.

Also trinkets for high dollar.

For one hot dollar?

No, high dollar, H-I-G-H bitch.

Oh, a high dollar.

I thought you were selling kisses and trinkets for a hot dollar.

Uh-uh, I took kisses and trinkets for a high dollar to males and females.

For a high dollar amount.

Oh, a high dollar amount.

Don't get it twisted.

OK, and when you say you sell kisses, are these kisses that you are giving?

Yeah, I'll give them to you.

You want to come back?

You had to raise your money first.

Let me tell you something.

If you want to buy one.

By the way, this is good for you, Dr. Peter Fash.

Let me tell you something.

That's not bad as well.

Hey, let me tell you something.

Hey, keep reading.

Let me tell you something.

Also, keep reading.

I could try that out.

OK, well, if you want to get good with your business, try it out.

If you don't want to get good with your business, then go fuck yourself.

Oh my, wow.

Sorry, bitch.

I appreciate it.

You're very sassy.

I like it, though.

Hey, sassy, all these girls from show me is sassy.

Yeah.

So now you were going to tell me something.

I just was going to tell you, if you want to buy one of my high dollar kisses, you will be coming back.

So get ready to get a second job, because you were going to want to raise that money for more high dollar kisses.

I see.

So at least whatever we're paying, whatever high dollar amount, double that, because you're going to come back at least once.

You'll be coming back till you're a dead body.

Also, that wife of yours, you said you figured out the weird Al Carson.

She going to want to come, too, so get ready to raise quadruple money.

I don't know what the middle part was that you said.

That wife of yours, you said you figured out the weird Al Carson.

Oh, yeah.

Get ready to raise your money, because y'all both going to be lining up.

OK, OK.

And these are just, describe, say I want to retain your services.

OK, it's like this.

You come in, I say, hey, meet me at the W In the Hollywood.

At the W Hotel.

Oh, OK.

In the spa park, bliss.

Bliss?

Uh-huh.

I'll be sitting there.

I'll say, come with me.

We'll push past the girl working the front desk.

I will lay you down on the massage table, turn off all the lights, kiss your mouth, and then also kiss your cheek like your mama.

So we're going to push past the girl working.

We're going to push past it.

She might fall to the ground.

I don't care.

This is the most dicey part of this transaction.

I'm listening.

It's like, I don't know why we can't meet at any location that we don't have to break into or.

That's what they all say.

You say, how come we can't just go to a room at the W?

How come we can't go somewhere with a nice ambiance?

And I say, guess what?

When I push that girl down at the Bliss bar at the W Hotel, you're going to get an extra boner.

OK, an extra one.

Wow.

Because everybody likes that danger.

Meaning the boner will have subsided, and you'll get an extra one, or a second one will jut out.

You will get a second one to jut out, and it will also be a harder, stronger than ever.

OK.

Because of that danger bit.

Yeah.

How long does this transaction take, usually?

Takes about 15 minutes.

15 minutes of kissing.

And where you kiss my mouth and then my cheek like you're my mama.

Yeah.

Like a real comforting kiss on your cheekbones.

Yeah, that's the sort of post-coital part of the?

Well, that's because when you're crying, that's what I'm going to say.

It's OK, baby, let me kiss your cheekbones.

OK.

And why would I be crying during this?

That doesn't exactly sound crying tears of appreciation, perhaps?

Appreciation, joy, gratitude, subservience.

Subservience.

So this is sort of like a Dom, like a BDSM type?

Yes, I will be wearing very high shoes, and I will be very sunburnt.

You're going to be very sunburnt?

And if you're not acting right, you're going to leave sunburnt, too.

OK, now I notice you're very pale right now.

So you plan on, if I retain your services, you plan on going out and getting sunburnt before this?

Yeah, I will show up to the kissing job with full sunburnt.

Tan lines, as well?

No tan lines, bitch!

OK.

And you say, if I don't behave, I'll get sunburnt.

Yeah, if you don't act like you're going to get sunburnt, too, and I'll say, guess what?

You got to wait six months till you come back for one of these high dollar kisses.

You'll be in despair.

Oh, what am I going to do till I get back to doing my dollar kisses?

At least the sunburn will probably fade earlier than the despair.

Probably.

Hey, fingers crossed.

Yeah.

So when you say I'm interested.

You are.

OK, so what is a high dollar amount to you?

What exactly are we talking about?

First time you get an offer.

That means it's for $1,200.

That's a very low offer.

$1,200 for 15 minutes of just kisses alternating between the mouth and the cheek.

Yep, next time.

And we don't even get a room for that.

We have to break into the spot.

We will push past the girl at the spot, the W.

And why the W, by the way?

Is this why?

Don't get us whacked, man!

You ever been there?

It's nice.

It's real nice.

Is it by your place or something?

No, man, I own it.

You own the W Hotel?

Yes, I own the W Hotel.

Surprise, surprise.

Happy birthday.

It's your surprise party.

It's not my birthday, but it's coming up.

Think about changing the date.

OK, coming up very soon in a few days, actually.

What are you hoping to get?

I mean, to be honest, I was sort of talking to you about this and wondering if I should bring it back to Cool Up.

Well, I think you should.

She already has come two times, and we had a great time together.

She's come to your services?

She's already saving up for the next one.

What's up, Cool Up?

OK, I don't know about this.

I wish she would have told me about this.

I don't like keeping secrets in a marriage.

I don't necessarily mind.

Because there's nothing really untoward about now that you mention you own the actual hotel, there really isn't any danger in this whole thing.

It's basically you're just saying to your employee that you're using one of the rooms that you own.

The girl who works in a bliss spa does not know she's about to get pushed down, so that's a danger.

OK, but did she sign some sort of employee, nontraditional employee contract where you can push her?

I tell her on her first day, I say, you will not get pushed down in this job.

OK, so this is the only thing.

You may have a lawsuit coming at the end of this.

I dare you.

You dare me?

Oh, I'm not going to sue you.

I'm just saying one of your employees is.

I thought you were a lawyer.

Oh, I mean, I'm sort of like a lawyer on this show, right?

I mean, being a host is like.

I mean, unless you consider the judge to be the host of a courtroom.

I do.

You do?

Uh-huh.

Yeah, so when you go into a courtroom and the judge is like, please rise, please rise.

I won't.

You don't rise.

I lay down.

You do the opposite.

Yeah, I lay down.

I say, I fake snore.

I say, you can tell me what to do because this is my life.

I'm going to do however I feel.

There is no law against fake snoring and lying down in a courtroom when the judge says please rise.

I mean, you can't be prosecuted, can you?

No, you can't.

You cannot be prosecuted because I have tried to, hey, tried to prosecute me for laying down in a courtroom.

You don't need to say, hey, I was paying attention to you.

Hey, keep waiting.

So how many lawsuits have you undergone?

Have you been a party to?

13.

Let's make it 16 by the end of this week.

OK, who do you want?

Who are the three people that you want to sue you by the end?

I dare all three of y'all.

Anyone.

Even the listeners could.

I dare you.

I dare Al.

I dare Dr. Peter Pash.

But by the way, you mentioned trinkets.

Trinkets.

What kind of trinkets do you sell?

Babies made of porcelain, dogs made of different things, including rocks.

Also, pieces of metal made into shapes.

OK, so babies made of porcelain, dogs made of other things other than porcelain, including rocks.

Including rocks.

And what was the last you said?

You said?

The last one was also things made of metal into shapes.

Metal, things of metal made into shapes, yeah.

So are you making these or are you?

Yes, I'm making these.

Come on, what you think?

I spend all my time running the W?

Yes.

That would be, yeah, that would be a big full-time job as far as I'm concerned.

It's not for me because, you know what they call them?

They say, hey, you seen that girl?

Bean Dips, she knows how to run the W and also make exquisite trinkets.

Who's saying this?

Everybody.

Ask LA Magazine.

Oh, have you been featured and profiled in LA Magazine?

About to be.

Possibly?

About to be.

Oh, OK.

Yeah, ask Cool Up.

Why would she know?

Because we hanging out all the time.

She's always like, when your LA Magazine article coming out?

You know, she did mention something about Bean Dips the other day.

And I can't have those carbs because of this diet I'm on.

So I just kind of ignored what she was saying.

I should pay more attention to her, I guess.

Yeah, you should.

Believe me, you should.

Can I have beans on this diet, by the way?

Again, it's 14 seconds.

Anything you can get.

What if I just ate beans during the 14 seconds?

I don't want to tell you what's going to happen.

But beans, beans, musical fruit.

Oh.

The more you eat, the more you get a stomach ache.

Right, yes.

OK.

Well, Al, I don't know.

Are you interested in this?

I'm interested in that poem.

Correct me if I said, beans, beans, the musical fruit.

The more you eat, the more you get her suit.

It's like a hair growing thing.

Oh, yeah.

That's another way to say it.

It's about hair.

That sounds good, too.

You're giving me some good punch ups today, and I appreciate that.

That's what Al does.

This is where he lives, is like hearing a word and then going, OK, well, what rhymes with this?

What rhymes with this?

That's my realness.

How quickly can I jump in?

That's where he lives?

Yeah.

OK, yeah.

No, I got here.

Her suit is probably the most obscure word that rhymes with fruit.

OK.

This is deconstructing my whole life.

Can I make an offer right now?

Just to be dip?

Yeah, please.

I'd like to trade you services for like a couple months.

It probably would work out about the same price, because it is $600 a month or $599 a month for my program.

Yeah, now you really tricked me with that $599.

I thought it was less.

Now that I know it's just $1 shy of $600, it's really making me.

It won't be trickery when you're still alive and you feel good about it.

That's true.

But it's basically like, what you get for the $599 is a, what, you get a health tip every day?

And yeah, and the guidance through what, say you eat something in that 14 seconds and it doesn't feel right.

You can contact me.

Call you?

Yeah.

For example, if you say, I eat all strawberries in 14 seconds.

I've done that before, by the way.

I've eaten all strawberries in 14 seconds.

I've usually taken longer.

And how did you feel?

It's fine, but I needed to eat several more times throughout the day.

Then I'd say, you got to work faster, Scott.

You'll work faster.

Get more in.

Shove them down.

That's good advice.

And then what I would do is I'd get off the phone with you.

Yeah, you just mind just hanging up like the oldest, most ancient Alexander Graham Bell telephone I've ever seen.

What exactly, like I'm looking at your space work.

What exactly is this?

This is like you, uh.

No, that's not what you saw.

When I was doing my space work, I do what's called thorough space work.

So I actually had you on speakerphone.

But I was put in a little container up on top of a miniature fridge.

Oh, OK.

Because you would multitask and talk on the phone and clean your kitchen.

Right.

Thank you, Beane Div.

I appreciate that.

Well, I kind of like to see it, man.

So are you guys interested in switching services?

So I guess, Beane Div, you would be the recipient, although you already are, of this diet.

But then you would get a daily health tip, of which you've already received two.

I think you seem to have the energy to be able to eat a lot in 14 seconds.

Oh, believe me.

Right.

You know how people used to live with that, like, they go out to animal kill.

You don't have to kill this animal.

Let's eat it real fast in 14 seconds.

So wait, the killing part of it, do you have to kill the animal in the 14 seconds as well?

It's a higher rate per month if you want to do hunting, which it's a fitness routine added into diet.

I'll do that one.

I want to do the hunting.

Give me the hunting one that you can come for some free kisses.

OK.

OK, so then in return, Dr. Peter, Dr. Fash, I'm sorry, you would receive free kisses for approximately how long?

15 minutes at the hotel that Beane Div owns?

You could receive them for three years.

OK.

For three years?

Just for a, wow, OK.

Through the completion of the diet.

OK.

Great.

OK.

And also that would include you knocking over the young lady, or would I be able to sometimes knock over that young lady?

Your name's just knocking over the young lady.

Well, I mean, if I wanted to say, like, could I skip the kissing, and we just knock her over twice.

You're talking about wrestling again.

Well, I don't want to wrestle her, but if I got her down on the ground and got her back on the ground.

And she tapped out?

Is that what you're saying?

I said, you say, uncle.

Yeah, you're talking about wrestling.

Yeah.

Not wrestling, but using our arms and legs and trying to get each other all wrapped up in struggle.

And by the way, with this arrangement that you guys have hooked up, this three-year arrangement where you kiss him and you provide meals, you guys are just talking about getting married.

Well, whatever.

Get ready to get divorced.

Sure, I'll marry you, bitch, but get ready to get divorced.

So I guess that settles it.

Fine, settled.

And look, I'll knock her down, or we can knock her down together.

You can never knock her down by yourself, so rethink this.

Oh, really?

Who's this person in the job?

You don't think that Dr. Peter could?

He can't knock her down by himself.

He's got a low center of gravity, which is good because his eyeballs are just bulging out like a frog.

I'm wiry and stronger than I look.

And also, just because of my.

Those fingers, yeah.

Yeah, the tips of my fingers can do a lot of damage.

If you watch this piece of glass.

I just think if he starts running at her, he's going to trip over that beard.

Trip over the what?

That beard.

No, I wrapped this beard.

I only want to sit down.

I let the beard out, but I wrapped it up.

By the way, in the two years since we met last, I didn't want to say anything because I don't like to comment on a guest's personal appearance, other than your eyes and your fingers.

You've grown like a Methuselah beard that is longer.

It's like a wedding train.

Well, I use it to store stuff because I don't technically.

Yeah, no, it's great storage.

Yeah, it's like wearing cargo pants.

It's exactly like wearing cargo pants.

It's a cargo beard.

A beard is the cargo pants of the face.

That's beautiful.

Hey, keep going.

Keep reading.

I keep reading.

Shakespeare.

Well, I'm glad that I could hook you guys up with each other.

Sounds like you have an arrangement.

I mean, other than kisses, is there?

I mean, you guys are going to wrestle?

I think you guys.

Let's just make it legal.

I mean, I'm a minister of the Universal Life Church.

You could be married for 14 seconds if you want to.

Can you be a witness to this?

I think I don't have any choice in the matter.

Yeah, turn around then.

Because you've been angrily just turning your back to this entire conversation.

So you guys want to do this?

I mean.

Can we read our vows?

Yeah.

Are you ready to become Mrs. Pash?

He better be ready to become Mr. Beedir.

I would legally change.

I have no problem with changing my name.

No, of course not.

Yeah, in fact, it would probably confuse the authorities even further.

Especially since I gave it.

All right, so you're going to be Dr. Peter Beendip?

Yeah, that sounds perfect.

OK, great.

We've performed many weddings on this show.

Reverend Parsimone has done some.

So I'd love to hear your vows.

Who wants to start?

Dr. Peter?

Yeah, men first.

Is that part of your vows?

Yeah.

That's how it begins?

This is a bad beginning.

Men first, as I say.

And look at it.

As I look here at you, and forgive me, I didn't have a ton of time to write these.

How long has it taken you to write these?

I've only been working on these for a couple of days.

OK, yeah.

Just in the rare chance that you found someone you wanted to marry?

Yeah, I write a new set every week.

Oh, yeah, because life changes.

Life changes.

And mine didn't.

And you'll see as I read them, they're pretty topical.

OK, great.

So this is almost like a Bill Maher monologue.

OK, great.

So I expect some topical jokes.

Yeah, of course.

OK, great.

Here we go.

Let's see.

Oh, wow.

Men first.

Men first, as I always say, and as I always will say.

Can you believe that humidity in New York?

That's crazy.

Humidity is not really topical.

I mean, I think talking about the Roseanne cancellation, even though that was a few weeks ago, or Megan Markham.

I'm not even finished yet.

Oh, sorry, go ahead.

No, sorry.

So I want you to know I will devote my life to you even more seamlessly than what's going on over there in North Korea between Trump and that crazy guy.

Oh, there we go.

There we go.

Crazy guy.

That's definitely topical.

I mean, what are we doing over there, you guys?

A three-hour meeting?

What did they expect to get done?

I've had longer massages.

I hope he brings up the Drake Pusha T feud.

What's going on, Drake?

Oh, my god, he did.

Wow.

Anyway, I devote my life to you.

Let's do this, and let's try to make it good.

I'd love to have some kids.

OK.

And now, Bean Dip, I would love to hear your vows.

They don't need to be as topical, necessarily.

Hello, Dr. Kieferstein.

I want to tell you, it's nice to get to know you on all this time ahead of us for the future.

Can you believe what happened with Drake?

Also, if you want to come and live as a W, I'll give you your own room.

But any time I knock, you better answer, bitch.

So also, we could have several rooms if you want.

But also, when you don't want to have same rooms, then I will have same rooms also.

If you want free lunch, we could go downstairs.

And also, if you want to buy any trinkets, you will have to pay full price.

I love you, bye.

OK, well, by the power vested in me and with Al Yankovic as our witness, I now pronounce you, what do you want to call yourselves?

Man and wife or business partners?

Mutual entrepreneurs?

Yeah.

I mean, who the hell do you think we are?

We're man and wife.

You just married us.

Man and wife.

You may get some of these free kisses here.

So I'd love to see your technique before I commit.

So have at it, B-Dip.

Here we go.

Get closer.

Hold on, I got to move this beard out of the way.

Throw it over your shoulder like a Continental Soldier.

When we watch Netflix, I will braid this shit.

Oh, you're eating braid right now.

Get in there.

No, no, no, no, no, no, no.

Why are you saying no?

She went up the nose.

Oh, OK.

I was saying nose, nose, nose.

I don't hear any smacking of any lips.

I just hear mumbling.

I like to do old fashioned kiss like keep your mouth closed, smash it against the other person like an old movie.

And I haven't eaten since last night.

Midnight's home pretty cottony and dried out in the mouth.

Sorry about that breath.

I don't care about that breath.

What is it?

Applesauce vinegar.

Is that what you drank that for 14 seconds?

No, six seconds.

You got to learn this diet.

You get six seconds of the liquid.

Oh, OK.

You can break it up.

Oh, right, right.

You get six seconds of liquid.

14.

14, yeah.

God bless you.

Thank you, man.

Hey.

Hi.

You started crying when you said God bless you.

Has anyone ever said that to you before?

That's the first time somebody ever said that to me.

Oh my gosh.

Boy, this is really special right now.

What a special.

And now are the kisses done at this point?

For the cheeks.

I am your mother.

Oh my god.

That's so sweet.

So you said your mother.

I said I am your mother.

I am your mother.

Oh, OK.

There's a second one.

I got the second.

There it is.

That is a long hang time in between that kiss and you actually receiving it, I have to say.

No, the second boner.

Oh, the second boner.

Oh, OK.

I told you.

Oh my gosh.

Look at that thing.

Yeah, I didn't even know I had that.

It came out of it.

That's incredible.

Honestly, like pushed through my mom's pubis and came out right on top.

Your mom's pubis?

No, my mom's pubis.

Oh, I see.

That's our money P, dog.

You're really cool about that, Bean Diff, I got to say.

Yeah, man, you got to think about what you're about to do for that money P, dog.

Yeah, OK.

All right, dog.

This is amazing.

So doctor.

What are you going to get us as a gift?

Oh, that's true.

Are you registered anywhere?

Yeah.

They have a few on target.

CBS.

T-Mobile.

CBS or CVS?

CBS and CVS.

T-Mobile would be good.

T-Mobile?

Yeah, new iPhones or something.

Nothing crazy.

OK, yeah, I mean, definitely I'll try to get you something.

I mean, I'll look on the list.

New iPhones, new iPads.

Sounds like you really want an iPhone or an iPad.

Or both.

Don't get greedy about it.

I'll tell you, I need some of those headphones that don't attach to nothing.

Wireless headphones?

Uh-huh.

It sounds like it.

Do you own the whole W chain or just that one W?

I own the Hollywood W. Don't get it twisted.

I'm not twisted.

It was a question I was asking.

So you're like a franchiser or franchisee?

I walked in one day, I said, hey, let me buy just this one.

I don't want your whole deal.

And they said, well, how much you got?

I bought in an old-timey, what's that thing?

You push dirt in it?

Wheelbarrow?

Yeah, I bought an old-timey wheelbarrow full of gold coins.

I said, eat this, eat this leprechaun.

They said, OK, have this W's yours.

OK, eat this leprechaun.

Yeah, because that's gold.

Leprechauns love gold.

OK.

And how did you obtain the wheelbarrow if you did not know what to call it?

Did you go into a store and just describe it the way that you just did?

I went to Target.

I said, can you give me that thing?

It's like real lopsided.

You don't want to try to get from place to place.

I'm looking at your registry on Target, by the way.

It just says this, exactly what you're saying.

You should change it over to wheelbarrow.

Well, you figured it out, didn't you?

Why do I got to do my work when you need to do some work, figure it out?

All right, all right.

Well, guys, congratulations to you both.

This is incredible.

I mean, another blessed union on Comedy Bang Bang.

I expect that if you have children that you name them after Al or I. I think that would be.

That's only fair.

That's easy.

We will be having some.

Which name would you like out of your three names?

You got Weird or Weirdo.

Weirdo, yes.

Yeah.

Weirdo Al.

By the way, what ever happened with that?

He still goes by Dr. Dement.

I don't know.

He's held up his end of the word.

It was all TMZ.

It's all they were talking about.

You were going to change your name to Weirdo.

You were going to take Dr. Demento's O, and he was going to lose it.

And then it just dropped off the face of the earth.

Well, the thing was we tried to have the tour build that as Weirdo Al, and they said it would cost us so much more money to add that extra letter.

Yeah.

That's how they get you.

Those are expensive.

They're the roundest of all letters.

They really are.

It must be so difficult drawing those.

It's tough.

You need a protractor.

Yeah, exactly.

I'm afraid I would make an eight or an infinity symbol or something.

So it would be like Weird Infinity Al.

That's not bad, though, either.

Oh, I like that.

That's not bad.

So out of your three names, what would you prefer they call the baby?

Weird Al or Yankovic?

I'd just go with Yankovic.

Yeah.

Please call your baby Yankovic.

Easy as done.

Stop talking and up the papers, darling.

OK, I'll be in the kitchen.

That's a joke.

There's no kitchen yet, but that's one of the kind of things we'll be saying each other.

Yeah.

You guys have a great repartee, I have to say.

This is really exciting.

This is like a Thin Man sort of like Charles and Nora kind of patter.

Yeah, I didn't expect this today, to be honest with you, but I'm pleasantly surprised with the outcome.

I'm very attracted to her enough that I think I could put babies in there.

Mm-hmm.

Entire babies?

Yeah, I mean, the whole thing.

The whole enchilada.

Yeah, I'm not able to.

I hope you know that.

I'm not able to have kids, so I'll have to put the babies inside you.

No, I know.

I can't.

I'm medically unable to have children as well, so we're just going to have to surgically put them in.

What's going on down there with you?

Just like, if you look down there, it looks like somebody did, like, if they put a, you know how barbie feet look?

Yeah.

Like barbie feet.

It's like somebody cut off a bunch of barbie feet and then put like 300 of them in a cluster and then painted the middle of that cluster like a reddish green.

That's your vagina?

That's right.

So let me get this straight.

Is it like pulling a quarter out from behind a child's ear?

Like, the quarter was never really there.

Right.

Yeah, that's the pink part?

No, that's the putting a baby in you and then taking a baby out of you.

Yeah.

It'll be like, I'll get a surgery on my stomach.

We'll put a surgery.

Do we need to get a magician to perform this?

Like Penn and Teller, maybe they could do it?

Well, first musicians in the world were doctors.

OK.

No, that's true.

Great joke, darling.

Great.

I'll put the baby in there.

But they really are in love.

I'll put the baby in there.

You'll put the baby in there, yeah.

So you're going to adopt, put a baby in there surgically or with some sort of magic trick.

Adopt or take.

I'd probably adopt.

I'd love to adopt, but if we have to take, I'm behind your baby.

Why are you behind her, by the way?

You assume she's going to be snatching the child and you're just going to be running behind her?

Well, any time we have to do anything physical, she's explained to me that she does a push and she does a steal and she does a take.

When did she explain this to you?

I like her mama whispered it in his ear.

I whispered a few paragraphs.

You know how they say adopt and also shop?

They say adopt and also shop?

Oh, hashtag.

Yeah.

Oh, that's a hashtag.

I said adopt and also shop.

Three to five years old would be the ideal age because they can survive longer without breath.

So getting a three to five year old.

Why do they need to survive without breath?

Because they're going to be put in my stomach.

Oh, got it, got it, got it.

Not for that long, but long enough that she can push them out.

Long enough, OK, yeah.

Just be like a quickie and quick out.

Yeah.

And they're so young that they probably, I mean, they'll remember this certainly being inside a vagina at the age of five.

But not so old that it's a traumatic experience that they can rationalize.

This would definitely stick with them for the rest of their lives.

They might not ever want Barbies.

Yeah, that's true.

Yeah, I've just seen that.

It's hard to know, it's hard to know.

Or they may just chop their Barbies off at the knee.

True, let's go for that.

I'm not trying to ruin the joy of our children.

Yeah, just born on the 4th of July Barbies.

OK, well on that note, I think we're just about running out of time.

We only have time for one last thing on the show and that's a little something called Plugs.

♪ We need to be more than someone else ♪ ♪ We're stuck in a cold, cold, cold ♪ ♪ Love ♪ ♪ Exciting love, love, love, love ♪ ♪ Love, love, love, love ♪ ♪ Love, love, love, love ♪ ♪ Love, love, love, love ♪ Unfalter's debut dream pop album is out now.

Find it on all major streaming platforms by typing U-N-F-A-L-T-E-R.

♪ Plugs ♪ I said a couple of weeks ago, I was surprised more people didn't put Plugs in their own Plugs theme.

So you got us on a technicality.

That is Unfalter, U-N-F-A-L-T-E-R, with finally closing the bag.

Very C86, I think.

Al, you're a musician, what do you think of that?

I thought that was a song?

Yeah, no, it technically qualifies, right?

Yeah.

It's got all those notes in it.

It's got notes and probably...

Do you think they skipped any?

I didn't hear any F-sharps.

Yeah, I know.

I mean, if I were critiquing it, it would be like, let's throw a little of those bad boys in there.

We love them!

Mix it up!

We love them!

All right, let's plug it up.

Thanks to Unfalter for sending that.

Al, what do you want to plug?

Well, I've got two things I want to plug.

Not the credenza again, because you're...

Not the credenza?

All right, then I have one thing I need to plug.

Okay.

Hey, keep listening.

I guess I should, in that case, plug the Stitcher Premium thing.

If you go to stitcherpremium.com slash weird Al, you will have the option of listing and or streaming.

You can do both at the same time, can't you?

Listing?

Did I say listing?

Or listing.

Did you mean...

It could be lisping while you're streaming.

Okay.

But all 77 shows of the ridiculously self-indulgent, ill-advised Vanity Tour, professionally mixed and mastered by the good people at Stitcher Premium.

Did you do encores in the show?

I can't remember.

Did you do fake leave and come back?

No, I didn't fake leave.

I real left.

You actually left?

Yeah, sometimes.

So you got to the car and you were like...

Yeah, I was back in the hotel room.

You're like, fuck it, I gotta get back here.

And I get a call from my manager like, they will not leave.

They are not leaving.

I get back in the car.

So what do the mics follow?

Do they follow you or do they stay at the venue?

They stay at the venue.

So everything, you know, cell phones, you know.

You should have worn a lav for this, though.

Because I would love to hear people going like, ow, ow, ow.

And then just you going like, all right, let's go.

There you go.

I'll do it for next door.

OK.

And now 77 shows.

They're approximately two hours each.

So we're talking 144 hours of shows.

People listen to this eight hours a day.

I go 12.

You go 12 hours a day?

Yeah.

OK, so you know, we're talking, this is really going to take about 15 days for people to listen to.

So a little less, 14, 13, 14 days.

The best two and a seventh weeks of your life.

So definitely check that out.

And while you're there and using the code threedom to.

I'd say weird, actually.

You can listen to all episodes of threedom while you're there.

And remember, it's I before E except in words like weird.

Right.

Why is that?

You know what I mean?

It's kind of weird, isn't it?

I hate these exceptions to things.

There should be no exceptions ever.

I before E except after C. OK, I'll take that.

All right.

But then you throw.

There's 45 exception to that.

Yeah, you throw something like weird in.

I don't get it.

Weird is the promo code that you should only use if you want Al to succeed.

And if you want me to succeed, use the code threedom.

Great.

What a good plug.

All right.

Let's go to Dr. Peter Beendip.

Thank you.

Yeah, the only thing I want to plug is a show on TBS called The Last OG.

Check your local listings.

Is that still on?

Well, the finale just happened.

But they'll be, they repeat it.

And I just, I loved it.

I thought it was great.

If you love that so much, why didn't you come when it was on?

I tried to.

But I was in the middle of my head.

Honestly, I went through about 10 weeks where the 14 seconds I was eating dates only.

Dates only.

And they did some work on my system.

And also, fate brought me here when Beendip was here so we could meet and get married.

Yeah, very good.

So check out The Last OG and probably on the TBS app or stuff like that.

Tracey Morgan, Tiffany Haddish, Cedric the Entertainer, Ryan Gall, maybe even Edie Addison.

Really?

So good cast in there.

And then Ryan Gall also drops by and does some things on it.

And yeah, that's great.

That's great.

Check it out.

All right, very good.

And Beendip, or do I call you Mrs. Beendip now?

Or what do I call you?

Call me Mrs. Beendip now.

OK, Mrs. Beendip.

Do you have a, by the way, should I be calling him Dr. Peter Dip?

Or is Beendip your last name?

My name is Beendip.

You could call him Dr. Peter Dip Bean.

Dip comma Bean?

Or?

Dr. Peter Dip colon Bean.

Colon Bean.

Oh my gosh.

Speaking of dates.

OK, so what do you want to plug?

I'll say that I agree with the good doctor.

Are you the good doctor?

Is that based on you?

It's based on me and written about me.

Yeah, so yeah.

Yeah, well, dangerously.

That's written about him.

I agree with him.

People should watch the last OG for TBS.

People should maybe go like HBO Go or something.

They should watch the second season of Boss Principle.

What about the first?

First, watch it too.

But I know sometimes people just want to go, I don't really want to watch nine episodes of something.

Right.

So that's why I said that.

And if you'd like to come, if you're trying to see, oh, where did that girl grow up with, I'm going to Shermy's.

If you come anywhere near Shermy's, just come on any Thursday night at the Groundlings Theater.

That's not in Sherman Oaks.

It's pretty close.

I mean, as close as anything is in LA to the Valley.

Groundlings on Thursday nights.

I want to plug, Freedom is Thursdays.

We're keeping that going.

Our season got extended.

So me, Lauren Lapkus, and Paul F. Tompkins, that's our weekly show.

You can go to stitcherpremium.com slash freedom and use the code, Freedom, for that.

And also the REM show.

You can, Adam, Scott, and I are still doing that for a little while longer.

Are you talking REM-y?

And also we have new comedy bang bang shirts in the store, which are really, really good.

And Al, you should get one of those.

OK.

It's got the logo on it.

All right, let's close up the old plug bag.

Whoa, what a bag.

It's time to open it.

It's time to open up the bag.

Time to open it.

It's time to open up the bag.

Time to open up the bag.

Open up the bag.

All right, thanks for that.

We're officially at the halfway mark for that closing up the plug bag scene.

This is the end of our six months.

Just another six months left to go on it until we get a new one.

Guys, I want to thank you so much.

Al, always great seeing you.

Thank you, Scott.

I hope that your voice returns to the normal non-tour tambour.

The norm-al.

Norm-al, yes, of course.

And what's next in the pipeline for you?

What do you do on the rest of the year?

Should I ask you about that?

I got to get my start on the Hollywood Walk of Fame at some point.

We don't know exactly when yet.

I'll let you know.

I'll get you one of those emails or media texts or something.

Yeah, do I get to go to the ceremony of that?

If you like, it's free.

I'll get you a ticket.

Yeah, I'll walk down to the old Hollywood Boulevard, and I'll stand in the sun while some, who's going to induct you, by the way?

I'm not allowed to say, but I guess not you.

I guess not, now that I think about it.

I bet I know who it is.

And are either of you guys getting stars on the Hollywood Walk of Fame?

I mean, the W is so close to it.

Not next week, but pretty soon.

Pretty soon, really?

OK, and what are you getting it for?

Hotelier?

Hotelier slash, because some of my people are interested in being around, trying to bring joy to life.

Joy to life, OK, yeah.

I won't be getting one just because I'm a humble doctor and I'm not involved in entertainment.

That's a good doctor.

I mean, the good doctor is based on you.

I think out of anyone at this table, you have the most claim to a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame.

It's possible, Scott.

For now, I'm happy.

And check out my Twitter handle.

Dr. Dip colon.

Dr. Dip colon health tips.

At Dr. Dip colon health tips.

I'm afraid people are going to go to this expecting colon health tips.

How many of these are devoted to the colon?

Well, several of them per year will be devoted to the colon.

I have special days where I'll talk about the colon, but no, it's actually a grammatical colon.

Right, OK, yeah.

I hope you understand that.

It's not devoted to the colon.

I understand that.

I just fear that you're followers.

You've never been afraid?

No.

You've never been afraid?

No, I can't.

Boo!

He no fight or flight.

Yeah, nothing.

Wow.

He's pregnant, too.

I did shit my pants when he was a kid.

I wish you would do that, not me.

I mean, these are more of your wifely duties.

Is shitting your pants a sign of fear?

Yeah, definitely.

Not always.

By the way, you tucked your beard back into the back of your pants.

Oh, I'm.

And please, and then you pulled it out to show me that you shit your pants.

I, uh.

Cargo beard.

Yeah, let's do a little bit.

Cargo beard.

Hey, Scott, don't check the pockets.

Don't check the pockets.

It's up and also shout.

Hashtag.

All right, we'll see you next time.

Thanks, bye.

Bye.

Earwulf.

This has been an Earwulf production.

Executive produced by Scott Aukerman, Chris Bannon, and Colin Anderson.

For more information and content, visit earwulf.com.

you Thank you.
