♪ Comedy Bang Bang ♪ Care packages are what Care Bears are attracted to. Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

Thanks to Side of McG for that wonderful catchphrase submission, but I don't believe it's gonna stick.

Gonna move on to the next one next week. Welcome to the show. We're finally in July. This is very exciting. Half the year is over and ready to get that back half going. The Back Six, as we call it in the business, in a year when we discuss years. That's what we do in the entertainment business.

When we discuss years, we say the Back Six is July through December. Welcome to the show. Scott Aukerman here for another week and very excited about the show today. And by the way, I know I say that every week, but if I weren't, I would tell you. I would be completely honest with you if I were not excited about the show. This one, I'm very, very excited about. A little up later. I'm not so excited about talking like that. A little bit later, we will have a dialect coach. That's fascinating because I love to hear the different cadences and rhythms of how people talk. Ever since I saw My Fair Lady with Henry Higgins, something like that. I've just been fascinated with different dialects. So we'll be talking with her a little bit later. We also have a department store employee. Oh, wow. That's great. I love talking to, as we've said, this is the show where we talk to interesting people and that sounds like an interesting profession. But before we get to them, let's talk to someone who has, who is employed in a different profession. Some have said the world's second oldest profession of actor and storyteller. He is in such amazing projects as Atlanta, the television series. I don't want to say that Atlanta is a project. The City is a project. The television series is a project. He's in Get Out and he just got in to a wonderful movie that is coming out this Friday, which I saw. Sorry to Bother You. Please welcome Keith Stanfield. Greetings, darlings. Darlings.

Thank you so much. I appreciate that.

How are you? It's great to meet you. You and I have never met nor, I believe, breathed the same rarefied air. We met in Dreams. We did.

Great. I've had Morpheus, the dream lord, on this show before. So he's been a frequent guest on this.

And so that would not surprise me that for us to sort of meet up in there. Do you remember anything I was doing?

You were defying gravity. Very good. I wrote a project once about Dreams and that's one of the most common ones. I used to have dreams where I could tread water, but it wasn't water, it was air and you could kind of float. I don't have these dreams where I can fly like Superman, high above the air, but I have dreams where I can sort of do this and raise about three feet off the ground.

That's so fun. Flailing and then rising. Right. Just barely.

That's really a metaphor for my career too, I think. Great. It all ties together. Now you're a wonderful actor of much renown. Can we agree on that at least? I mean, thank you. What is it like a couple of years ago, it seemed to me as if you said to the world, hey, I'm going to be in like the best things that come out. You know, like I'm going to be in a critically acclaimed television show and then I'm going to be in like the best movie of 2017. What is it like to make decisions like that? Well, I feel like God. No, I mean, I've been just very fortunate to work with really brilliant people and sort of put my energy toward trying to create a career in this and I've been lucky enough to brush shoulders with some cool people. And you say it's luck and I know you're being modest, but I mean, there's gotta be some skill in there, right? Yeah. I'm very skilled at the art of luck. So describe like, okay, so I know that you're from San Bernadu, right? Is that correct?

San Bernaduquilla. And you got into acting at the, at what age? A younger age of high school or? Yeah, I think, I don't know. I can't really put an age on when I got into it. But my first thing I acted on when I was 17. Your first thing, what was that? It was Short Turn 12. So your first thing is like another critically acclaimed movie.

So does that spoil you? Do you know, if you were in something that was kind of like a piece of shit, would you be like, what's going on? Like I know because when I was doing it, it wasn't critically acclaimed. It was just, that's true.

While you were filming it. Yeah.

And then that's the usual ritual for movies. They usually have to come out before. Yeah.

Critics say that they're any good or not. Yeah. Although that may be changing. Really?

Well, that's true. I mean, if you look at film criticism these days, it seems like we've made up our minds before the thing ever even comes out. Right? I can get heated about this topic.

Bass, Ackwards. So you didn't do any like high school plays or anything like that?

Yeah, I did. Well, tell, let's talk about those. They're not that interesting, but I shall humor you. You ever do like, You're a Good Man, Charlie Brown or anything like that? No, but I did play Nick Bottom in Midsummer Night's Dream. Oh, that's great.

You have the whole donkey's head. Yeah.

The immortal bard. Am I right? Jackass. As he once said, there is nothing new under the sun. I believe I was talking to a friend about that just today.

Isn't that correct? And I was in there playing Lysander myself back in the day. So not in the same production. Really? I don't think so.

Maybe that was where we met in the dreams. I don't know.

You remind me a lot of a tall can of Lysol.

I have heard that so many times that it just rolls off my back at this point. So you did Short Term 12, which catapulted you into the public's eye.

You were in, which purge were you in?

Anarchy. Anarchy. Which one was that? Was that the one where like just shit was going crazy or?

I don't know. I had on a God mask. A God mask? What does God look like? That mask.

And then you get into Atlanta. Describe with, of course, friend of the show, Donald Glover.

And when I say friend of the show, he was on once nine years ago. But what was the audition process like for that? I had to see how long I could keep a peach in my mouth.

A peach, really? Because it's in Georgia? Interesting.

Yeah. And I lasted. How long did you go?

About two minutes. Two minutes? That's not bad. I mean, you know, were your nostrils open? Could you breathe or you could?

Okay. That's sort of cheating, I think.

I ain't no minute man. Great. As the great Missy Elliott once said.

And so you held the peach in your mouth for two minutes.

And was that just longer than the other actors who were up for the role or was it shorter? Shorter.

It was shorter. Okay. So they were tryhards.

Yeah. And I just gave up. That's how I got through.

Great. And a star was born. And then, of course, you went to get out. You filmed that after or was it before? After.

You came out after, certainly. Yeah. I filmed that after.

With another friend of the show, of course, Jordan.

Jordan Pio. Who, by the way, are you still friendly with Jordan? Yeah. He, not to brag, but he met his wife through this show.

Oh, shit. Turn up.

So you might meet your wife through this show. Pop them collars.

Yes, exactly. And other such phrases. Let's talk about Sorry to Bother You.

Now, when I hear this title myself, I'm immediately on the film's side because I'm like, oh, no, no, no, you didn't bother me. No. Yeah, I'll go see you. You know?

Sure. But I actually bothered you, though. You personally- You're just saying that. You're just saying that I didn't bother you because you don't want to admit that you've been bothered. Well, I do have to say the film wrestles with tough questions. And at the end, I certainly was contemplating them all. And so I guess you could say that I was bothered.

Good. But previous to the film, I was certainly not bothered by it. And I was very amenable to going to see it because it seemed very polite. Sorry to bother you. Yeah, hot and bothered.

Exactly. Yeah, definitely. I was hot. And then when I saw the movie, I was bothered.

Yeah. So was the air conditioning broken in the theater?

No, I just run hot. Oh, you do. Okay.

This is a film directed by Boots Riley, who is a very talented musician. And this is his first film.

How do you look at a situation like that? He's a first time director.

Not even- He's in a different field in the arts. How do you look at something like that and say, like, oh, okay, this is- I trust you. I want to do this.

It's a story unlike any other I've ever read. And it's just really- I don't know, man. I don't know why his mind is so crazy and beautiful, but I'm just glad that it is. And I'm glad that I was able to- it's, again, one of those things that I was just able to meet someone that was so brilliant and trusted me to bring their story to life. So I'm just really, really grateful that he was smart enough and courageous enough to try and bring about a new form of storytelling. And it's a film, I want to say unlike any others, but I also want to compare it to some things so that people can sort of know what they're in for and if they're interested in these things, actually go to the film. But it's sort of reminded me of like Brazil or Idiocracy, films that are making a societal point while using sort of a broad palette from which to work with in order to make that point.

Sometimes scenes are naturalistic and sometimes scenes are very crazy and insane occurrences happen, but you just kind of go with it because what the filmmaker is trying to say is so interesting and important. Did I do that right? That sounded good, didn't it?

I have no idea what you just said.

Yeah, you zoned out. I could feel that. I could really feel that looking at your face.

Your eyes just sort of like started rolling back into your head like after the first couple of words. I don't know why I try to sound smart. I don't, you know, it's not a good look on me.

You're putting on your white voice.

That is what the film is about. Like that, if you watch the trailer to it and by God, just pause this podcast right now and go watch the trailer.

That is sort of the premise of the film, is it not?

I don't know. I don't know if it could serve as the premise, but it's definitely...

The inciting incident. Do you save the cat during this?

The who?

That's the cat. It's a screenwriting term.

Oh, I don't know what you're talking about again.

It's an action that the screenwriter puts the protagonist, has the protagonist doing, i.e. saving a cat from being killed in order to make the audience on the protagonist's side.

So do you...

I love kitties.

Yeah. So I think that you should stipulate in your contract from now on that you have to save a cat in at least the first act of everything you do.

I just want to hold the cat and not be happy.

Have you ever held a cat? They're really nice.

Yeah, man. It's the best thing ever. I love cats. And any photo shoot I'm in, I'm like, please bring a cat.

Do they do it often or sometimes?

Sometimes.

Do they think you're joking sometimes?

Probably.

Yeah, because you have this way about you...

I'm not.

You're not. Exactly. You have this way about you where I'm like, I don't know if he's joking, if he's not, but you're deadly serious about this all.

That almost sounded like a cat.

That's a serious voice.

Do you ever seen that musical Cats?

No.

You gotta go.

But I saw Oliver and Company.

That's a... Yeah, that's just as good. You're right.

I love that cat.

Yeah. Do you like those Billy Joel songs? He wrote all the songs in it.

Really?

Yeah. Yeah.

Shouts out.

Yeah.

Also the Lion King is great.

Yeah. You ever hear that We Didn't Start the Fire song?

I was like, how's it go? I don't even know the first words.

Russia... He lists a bunch of things like, I don't know, Cold War, Cold Brew.

This is a bad impression of it, but it's really interesting.

You learn everything about history if you listen to that song.

It's like a tight three minutes too.

That's my mind being blown.

Yeah. Oh yeah.

Check it out. If you like Oliver and Company, that's your next step.

Like Oliver and Company is you're into Billy Joel and then next step would be We Didn't Start the Fire. And then after that, I think you go right to Piano Man and then you're a fan for life.

Then you just mosh, mosh it out to Billy Joel.

Yeah, exactly. What's your favorite song?

That's hard. I think the ABC song.

The ABC one? Yeah. The Look of Love.

ABC, D-A-G-H-I-N-G-A-M.

A lot of people, they underestimate that song, but it's one, A, everybody knows. They know the melody. It's a beautiful melody. I mean, it's just soaring.

And three, it's instructional to the extent where I don't know if I would have learned my ABCs without it.

Well, I like how you went from A to three.

Unlike the song.

Yeah, but the ABC song is amazing. Something like you're born with and it's downloaded into you and it's always there and you find yourself singing it to your little siblings and people around you.

So I quite like it.

A lot of people, they give up on it after the age of five or something like that, but we're here to tell you it's beautiful.

Sing it every morning.

It's still out there. And if you sing it every morning, I think it would delay Alzheimer's.

It would be something. And you're never too old to remember your ABCs.

Never.

Can you, do you got them all? You have them all memorized without singing the song?

Not to F.

Yeah. That's a good one though.

Yeah. F the rest of them.

Well, Keith, I wish you so much success with this film. I really enjoyed it. I saw it. I don't mean to brag and I don't mean to put you in an uncomfortable position, but I saw it with my wife.

And we both really enjoyed it. We walked out of that theater wide-eyed and in a different head space and we discussed it all the way home.

And by the way, this screening was across town. So it wasn't like, Oh, we discussed it all the way home. Like I'm at the arc light and I drive five minutes and it's like, all right, discussion over. No, this was like a good 30 minute trip. And so, you know, if you're interested in seeing a film where you're not just going to go out of it and go, Oh, that's cool. So Thanos killed everyone.

All right. Can't wait for the next Avengers. If you're interested in seeing a film where you're going to be talking about it and talking about the, the, the, your, your eyes are rolling back again. You're not interested in this. I'm just reading all the things you have here on this table here. It says like Betsy hates freedom. And I'm just wondering who Betsy is. Probably Betsy Sedaro. She that's, that's her point of view. Drew Tarver. Yeah. Do you know Drew? You don't know Drew? You guys should be friends. He's from Georgia. Maybe I should draw Drew on the table so I can say I drew Tarver. You should. He would actually like that. When I say he's from Georgia, I mean, you're in a show called Atlanta and he is from just outside Atlanta. So I think you'd have a lot to talk about. Shout out to Drew. Holla at your boy. Yeah, seriously, Drew.

I'm drawing you right now. Okay. I want to, let's get a picture of this after after, just pretty much just a stick figure at this point. Okay. A little two dots for eyes and a little smiley face. All right. Let's get a pic. Cause I will not judge Drew. No, that's, that's good. That is a very, just like he could be anything from there. It's safe. You know, it's very, very safe. If you were to like draw any kind of thing that were to identify any of his characteristics, but it's also super cute. All right.

We need to take a break. Uh, when we come back, we're going to be talking and this is, this is very exciting. Uh, Keith, are you, are you interested in dialects? Have you ever worked with a dialect coach on which project? Um, I worked with a dialect coach on crown Heights. This movie I did a while ago. Okay. And where was your character from? Uh, Trinidad. Trinidad. Okay. Can we hear a little bit of it? Well, I have my dialect coach with me now. Oh, good. Yeah. I don't know if she would want me to do that. Oh wait, this is your dialect coach who's coming up next. Oh, okay. Well, you were bearing the lead. Okay. This is incredible. Oh, sorry. Wasn't that supposed to, Oh no, that's incredible.

So, uh, this is why she's probably on the show. Uh, we're also a little later going to have someone from a who works at a department store. You ever been one of those? I have. Yeah. I love target.

Oh, that's a great one. Yeah. Um, all right. Well maybe, uh, I wonder if you have any connection to, uh, that guest either. Uh, when we'll be right back with more, uh, Keith Stanfield and, uh, more comedy bang bang after this comedy bang bang. We're here with Keith Stanfield. Sorry to bother you out this Friday. Uh, in theaters. Um, that's a, that's an appropriate place for a film to play, right? I think so. Yeah. It'd be strange if you walked into like a hardware store and there was a movie playing there and they sold tickets to it. Could be cool if that store was target.

That's true. Yeah. Does target sell hardware? Oh, I bet they do. They must have a hammer there.

You know, it's not simply a hardware store, but I would classify it in the hardware, uh, subcategory.

I don't know. I've never been a target. What? No, I just like, I admit, I'm, you know, okay. This is where, you know, and I'm sorry that the audience had to hear this previous to the break. Uh, Keith Stanfield here said that his favorite department store was target.

And now we're finding out that you have never been inside one. This is the kind of thing that can ruin a career. That's why I have my dialect coach here with me to help me with my PR. She's also a PR person. Okay. All right. Well, let's very multifaceted.

Let's talk to her. I'm really excited for this person. She speaks in a very deep African accent. So you need to really pay close attention in order to understand. All right, great.

Well, let's talk to her. Uh, she is a dialect coach, uh, who speaks in an African accent maybe by choice, uh, or it is by, so you're not from Africa. No, no, no. I'm from, uh, willing West Virginia. Oh, you are. Okay. So is this just showing off by the way? Uh, Darlington, uh, uh, castle, castle, castle. Yeah. That's spelled with an E L. Interesting. Yes. Yes. That's how we spell it. We are from in West Virginia.

West Virginia. Yes. Yes. Yes. Okay. And you're, but you're speaking in a, uh, what, what African dialect is that? Africa is a country, right? Right. I cannot agree. It's just a case. Do you agree with on this or it's just a country. It's just a country. It's just a country. Um, she's calm down. We'll see what happens. Please. What is that?

Off the easy. Oh, no, no. The idea is she's trying to say continent, but the deep accent is trans.

Oh, she's trying to say continent. Oh, okay. It just sounds like country. Yeah. Yeah. It's complicated. No, no, no. Calm down. No, we agree. It's one big country. We agree. It's a continent.

Yes. A big country. We agree. It's a continent. We're all saying the same thing. Yes, exactly.

Exactly. Yes. So you're doing this, which part of the continent is this particular dialect from?

It's a country. So the top of the country, the top of the continent is from the top of the country. Just say country. Oh, okay.

Did it make her feel at home? I mean, that's like when Edgar Wright was on the show the other day and he, you know, he kept saying a lift instead of elevator.

It was getting embarrassing. I like that actually. You like it? You'd rather say lift? Yeah. All right. Like Steve lift. Yeah. Well, as opposed to our friend, Steve elevator. It's confusing with the, with the, when you say lift, it gets confusing with the ride share service. Oh my gosh.

You've just, if I'm hearing correctly and who knows if I am, but it appears to me, uh, that you've changed dialects. That's what I do.

Keep you on your toes. Oh my gosh. Where's this one from?

Well, in West Virginia, same place to the other. Okay. So you're, you've, you, you have two dialects so far. The one that you're from, this is your normal speaking voice. All of them are normal.

All of them are normal. One of the things I teach my students, is that not right? Keith? All of them are normal. There's nothing.

Who decides what's normal? Exactly. Who decides what's normal? Who are you? Uh, I guess I didn't mean normal, uh, speaking voices. Uh, you're the, you're, I guess I wouldn't say God given either.

Uh, the one that you grew up, uh, speaking in? Well, I grew up in wheel in West Virginia. I spoke all kinds of ways. I mean, Oh really? Yeah. Is that what happens in West Virginia? Only God can judge her. That's pretty good. Thank you, Keith. Thank you.

Now is that the, uh, Trinidad accent that, uh, you helped Keith with here? I sure did. For, uh, uh, the film, uh, we worked very extensively on it and, uh, we've come up with something that I think is pretty good, pretty good midway point at least. Uh, I want to reveal it to the world, but I will give you guys a little sneak peek. You can give him a pick. Yeah. Is that okay?

Yeah. Give him a pick. Thanks mom.

The accent goes like this. It, it, you must speak it from the back of the throat. Oh, what an interesting trick from the back. I'm not even going to attempt this. I hope you don't mind.

No, no, no, no. It just seems kind of like coming out of my mouth. Only the very skilled from the very particular area of Africa, which is right. Africa can, can't necessarily about my skill as much as I just, it's a bad look coming out of me, but get out of town.

Wouldn't get out of been better if it was called get out of town.

Yes. I think it would like that was the only flaw. Speak on that as a dialect coach. I can't comment on the titles of movies. That's part of your contract. I'll be put right out of work. I guess so right out of work. Get out of work. Get out of work. Yeah. Pardon me. So, uh, can, can you take us through, uh, any of your other dialects?

Well, um, I can also do another whirling West Virginia voice. Uh, uh, you say, wagwan, bombaras, clot, pussy clot, uh, not to be mistaken for period clot. That's just a slur we use. Wait, hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on. You're saying, I beg your pardon because I don't know if this is common with a dialect coach, but you'd start to do another dialect and you were talking about pussy clots. What? Well, not to be mistaken for what you think is a period. It's just a slur we say. Okay. But why are you saying that? Because it's the first thing that came to mind when I look at your face, I don't know a pussy clot. What do you want?

Okay, I'll roll with this, but shade, pure shade, more than shade. It's just darkness, straight up darkness. The universe blacked out. Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. Did you just go into a different one? This is the same one. The same one as the first one. This is the same one.

Yo, my dialect coach don't play, bro. It almost feels like you brought me here to insult me.

No, no, no, no, no, no. I, I, I, uh, I'm merely, merely curious about, uh, when you switch voices.

Uh, I, and I assume that's curious where they're from. All from Wheeling, West Virginia. You only do dialects from, it's a diverse place, you know? Okay. Oh, okay. This is interesting. I, uh, I don't think so. What's there is anything of note there that I would see trees here. I can see people in cars here. There's a school for the children. Yeah. Those are here too. I don't think I need to go. Oh, okay. If there was like a, like a, an amusement park there or a, a monument of some sort historical monument, maybe I would go, um, there's a grocery store. Uh, there's a, there's a Kroger there. You ever been to Kroger? It's a grocery store. Now that I have not seen.

I don't think they have them here. Right, right. Well, that's, I mean, when I come out here with Keith to help him with his dialects, you know, I like to look around and I'm like, wow, this place is wild, you know? But I'm, I feel very, I feel very, very tentative when I'm here, but I just, it is Kroger-less and everybody here looks the same. That's true. Yeah. In what, in what manner?

I think I agreed with that too early. Right, right. No, everybody here, everyone here has like, everyone here is like the same color, has the same beliefs. Um, you know, and what, uh, in West Virginia, it's different, very different. What, what beliefs do they have and what color are they? Uh, everybody's white, different shades of white. Uh, and, uh, they all believe that, uh, Trump is King. Okay. And that, are those your beliefs as well? I can't speak on my beliefs. That's not contractually. Right. Yeah. You'll be running. Yeah. Get out of the business.

Yeah, exactly. Um, so, uh, you, uh, I'm interested in hearing all of these different dialects from West Virginia. If you want to take us through some, um, well, when I had Keith do a, remember when we worked on the child voice, tell them what I told you about doing a child's voice.

Well, this one was very deep. Um, you need to go to a special place inside of yourself to access it.

When you say deep, not the voice being because the children typically have very high voices.

Yeah. It's very, very high pitch. Should I give him a sample? Yeah. I would love to hear just, just like a trader Joe sample. Okay. Yeah. Kind of like a whole food sample. Yeah. So how are you doing? It's just a little, that's a little bit, but yeah, I see what you're coming from. You could see where it could be. Like if you were trick or treating, I think you learned that somewhere else. Is this, I think you learned that somewhere else. Are you guys having a disagreement? No, no, no, no shade, no shade. Of course I wouldn't change you. I'd be run out of business. Get out, get out of business. Um, all right. Let's change the subject. Cause I'm getting a little bit of hostility. Did you take a class somewhere else? Did you take a class somewhere else? I took a class from you. What do you, I think someone else taught you that mom don't.

I'm also his mother. I don't know. Wait, hold on, hold on, hold on. Major plot twist. Yeah.

This is a twist. This is a Shyamalan. Oh my God. So wait, you, this is your mother. Keith.

This is a Shyamalan sandwich. Yeah. My mom is also my dialect coach. Why would you not want to admit something like that? I would be proud. I mean, proud son. You gotta keep certain things confidential. That's true. It's all in the open mom. Okay.

Okay. Well, I guess you could say this is sort of like self-dealing in a way like the, the, the movie was willing to pay you for a dialect coach and instead you paid your mom. Okay. We shouldn't get into this down or here. I don't think this is a good idea to get into this here or now. I won't have a job. So, so when you say Darlington castle, is that your, your professional name?

Yes. That's my professional name. And your real name is? Meryl Stanfield. Meryl Stanfield. Okay. All right. We're getting to it here.

And you, and, and, uh, uh, obviously Keith has been your son. You, you must be very proud of him.

Very, very proud. Were you, were you interested in dialects before he, uh, started acting or is this a new interest? Well, I just wanted to find a way to be near my son. Oh, okay. And, you know, he's constantly on sets now in high demand. Right. I mean, I guess since we're just laying everything out, she's also white. I mean like we might as well just tell everything like that people want to know how I was able to do the get out thing and then, and sorry to bother you. And then the voice that she's white and she's wearing a ski mask. You wouldn't be able to tell off the bat. Okay.

Take that bad boy off there. Oh boy. We can't reveal everything. Oh my God. You're white as a ghost or the opposite of sin. That is offensive. The ghost part.

Black side of me because we're, you know, I mean black people when they die can be ghosts too. You know what I mean? It's like, are you sure? Have you met a black ghost? They gizzo. They even go say geez. Oh, because they move in silence. Bang, bang.

Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. Have you met a black ghost? I guess I have. I guess all the ghosts in traditional media are all, all white.

They're all like, you know, like 1900s little girls still in like these floral dresses.

White ghosts always go. That's true. Yeah. I think that's scary. Yeah. Black ghost would be more like, like a black, sometimes I like to talk like a dude. I do it all. I do it all. Scott. Wow. This is amazing. They didn't say in his interview, uh, was that much of what he learned, he learned from me as far as acting goes. Right. Oh, okay. So you started out as an actor. No, I didn't. I don't, I don't act. You don't act, but you were able to teach. I'm able to teach. Okay. Those who can't do teach teach. Okay. Those who weren't able to find success teach. So you were trying to find success. What you said that you didn't act. Okay, man. You, I don't like how you covered that.

I'm sorry. Oh, no. The little boy's voice. We lived in a very wild house. Okay. Tell me more about that. Well, uh, it was the Keith and I, and we had three cats. Uh, one was named Bob.

One was named pussy and one was named a fairy. So after the first one, Bob, you were like, we got to get a little more specific about this is a pussy cat, pussy cat, fairy cat. Oh, I got it. Oh, I see. I understand. Oh, got it. Okay. And, uh, you said it's a very wild household because that doesn't sound very wild yet. It was wild. It was wild. Uh, it was pretty traditional at this split level house with three cats. Okay. Still, still not getting the wild part of it.

Suburban neighborhood. Pretty traditional one car. Okay.

One car up until the key turns 16. We had two cars after that very wild house. Did, did you, were you driving the new car and you gave the old car to Keith? No, the cat was driving. What? This is like a toon situation. Oh, sorry. Bob is crazy.

Um, well that does sound actually here with us. Was I supposed to mention that yet?

Uh, wait, Bob is the cat. Okay. He can talk and should we get to it? I mean, look, we can, we should, we should bring Bob. Okay. Let's bring Bob. Okay.

Yeah, this is interesting. Let's get Bob in here. We can all be hanging out. Hey there. Uh, this is, this is Bob. Is that, uh, yeah, baby, you know, it's Bob coming alive to you. Blood clots in your pussy. Let's go.

Bob. Chill. Sorry, man. Bob, tell, tell me more about yourself. You, uh, uh, myself. Well, um, let's see. Um, I do have a toon situation going gone. Um, I work at a toon situation going gone.

You know it, brother. You know it, my brother. Um, this is a kind of crap. We're here all the time.

Can you live? Can I even, he's a big fan of Jay Z.

Most of the old stuff, but like whatever. Don't like the new stuff.

Not, not a huge fan, not the four, four, four or four, four.

I think there was one track on there that I liked. Should've called it one, one, one.

I miss hanging out with you. You know, wait a minute. I go sneaking out at night and I'd be like, I'll be back.

And, uh, I go over to Scott's house, look in the window, watch what he's watching, watch him with his wife, sleeping next to each other. Hot, hot news. Bob, Bob, you're insane. Go back in the cage. Please go back in the cage. I don't know what's quite happening right now. All right. Tell you what, uh, that was weird. I'm not the weird one. You're the weird one.

Scott, you're pretty weird. You're pretty weird. Look, uh, we need to take a break.

Now that Bob's back in the cage, just to reset. I feel like we've gone overboard here and not in the Goldie Hawn. Anna Faris, great way. Um, I think we need to reset, come back after the break and we're going to get to our department store employee, um, called Nancy Yee. And we'll be right back, uh, with more comedy bang, bang after this comedy bang bang. We're back here. Keith Stanfield. Sorry to bother you coming out in theaters on Friday. When would you suggest people go see this film? The only time is now. Well, it's Monday. People are listening to this when it comes out. Well, go just try any way you can just go to the theater and hang out. Just yeah, wait, wait for it. People did that with that star Wars movie that a star Wars episode one, they were like hanging out at the man's Chinese for a month.

Look, if you can wait for star Wars, you can wait for sorry to bother you as well. Look at it.

That's the only sane way to look at it.

Right. Um, we also have a Darlington castle, AKA Merrill Stanfield, uh, uh, mother and dialect coach, uh, and maybe other things that we haven't talked about domestic cater, you know, domestic cater, domestic cater. Yeah. I go to people's homes, cooking meals and call it a day.

That sounds more like a, like a private chef situation.

Never heard of that. Um, domestic cater, domestic cater. Okay. Well, let's get to our next guest. She is, uh, an employee in a department store. This is a fascinating, uh, she, I'm, we're going to find out which one she works. It might be target. We don't know.

Uh, please welcome to the show. Nancy.

Hi Nancy. Hi Nancy. Hi Nancy. Hi. Hi. How are you? I'm doing so really, really, really good.

Oh, that's so great to hear. This is a Darlington AKA Merrill. I really like that name. Thank you.

This is Keith AKA La Keith. Wow. Oh my God. Baby boys. I love it. So cute to me.

I've been working on it. So cute to me. Nancy, which department store do you work at? I work in Macy's honey. Macy's great. Okay. That's a classic. Oh yeah. The red star means quality.

The red star means quality. Right. You ever see that, uh, a miracle on 34th street? Oh yeah. I love that one. Yeah. Yeah. They talk about Macy's a lot in that one. Oh yeah. The Macy's day parade, huh? Yeah. Yeah. Nancy, uh, you, uh, at which department do you work in the department store?

I work at the Clinique counter. Number one, number one. Oh shit. You got very excited about it.

Yeah. I just love to be able to provide services to young youth who have a really like troubled skin. Like Gee, I want them to feel good. That's really talk about the juvenile detention centers and such, but troubled skin. That's the thing. It affects everybody, whether you do go to school or not. I mean, I thought you were wearing the ski mask because of that when you walked in here, because of troubled skin. Well, I do have disguising your race. I do have rosacea. So I'm so sorry. I didn't mean to bring that up. I'm sorry. I turned it into a joke, but it's no. And there's nothing funny about race. Oh, I'm sorry. I got, I mean, I thought get out was kind of funny, but I like Macy gray. Yeah. Macy gray was, has she ever gone in there and seeing like, you know, Oh, nice. Did you know the words, you know the words, I love me. Do you know the words that we didn't start the fire? I was trying to think of them earlier. Russia. Oh no, no, no.

Oh, no, no. No, no. Cold work. Cold brew. Oh yeah. Yeah.

Yeah. Yeah. Oh no, no, no. Creamy hazelnut finish. Okay. I guess we're never going to quite hit on these. I'll have to look them up when we get home. So Nancy, tell us about the clinic counter. Number one. Okay. To be honest with you, I'm not having that much fun at work. I know. I just said that I was trying to put on a good face. Well, you know, that's why they don't call it fun. Huh? That's why they don't call it fun. Oh, instead of a job instead of work. Oh, I get it.

People don't say like, I'm going to fun now. Oh, okay. Yeah. Good point. Good point. Good point.

But, but you're not having a good time.

Not even a good time because I can't like, I just don't want to like put on the fake smile anymore.

Oh, you are frowning really hard. Really hard. I hope you guys can hear this. What I'm seeing.

You can hear it in your voice. I mean, you're a dialect coach, Meryl. I can hear it. I can hear it. Do you hear my pain and like the whininess? Yeah. I don't hear it. Is that your stomach?

Stomach's upset too. I do have raging IBS. Let me just say that right now. Loud. IBS. Oh, IBS.

Irritable butthole syndrome. Okay. Yeah. I think that's what it is. Thanks for getting that off your chest or off your butt, I guess right away. So we can proceed with the, the, the interview.

What is your dialect from? Maybe Meryl, you could tell Meryl and she could add that to a repertoire.

Actually, this is like really interesting to me because it's like, um, I like to say I'm all from all of Asia. Another beautiful country. What a gorgeous country. Yeah. From that country. So gorgeous. Oh my gosh. Can I tell you something? Because I feel like when you're little, nobody, when you are different, you think you're like, Oh, something wrong. Right. Oh gee, I wish I had blonde hair. Oh gee. Right. But now when I think about it, I'm like, no, ggg. Like, actually gg.

So I'm over here like gggg. We are having so much fun. What are you guys talking about?

G seems to be the letter of the hour. Can I say, well, you haven't gotten to it yet. So, or now we can say maybe you have gotten to it. Cause you were at F before.

You went from F to G. I'm a G ghost. Hey, what about the legend of Bagger Vance?

What about it without those Gs in there? It would just be the legend of Barer Vance.

Just the story about the guy named Bower. Or the, or the Latin.

Barer isn't that a medication? That's a medication. Right.

So you wouldn't want to move.

Barer it's an aspirin. Yeah. See, you wouldn't want a movie about an aspirin. I wouldn't.

I wouldn't go see a movie about an aspirin. Keith, would you, I mean, say there was a, like a multi million dollar franchise film that came out.

It was like a $250 million film. It was about an aspirin. Would you go, are you interested in that? I'm not interested.

If it was like black aspirin. Black aspirin. They don't make that. Do they? Why is all aspirin white? Why are all ghosts white? Why is all aspirin white? This is the, the, this is what society does. Like all these things that are so great. Ghosts, aspirin.

They're all white. White washing of chalk. Chalk. Yes, exactly. Let's make, let's make chalkboards white and make chalk black. Right. Let's white.

Let's write on the white.

Yes, exactly. This makes a good point. This is a great, this is a great catchphrase. Let's write on the white. So Nancy, tell us about yourself. Okay. Um, I don't believe in guys.

Guys. Yeah. Like this, the, the, the, the gender. Yeah.

Okay. I don't believe in like guys because I don't think like they can do very much, you know? Okay.

Meaning you don't, you don't believe in them as supportive wise. You don't supportive wise. Like, no, I think we got that cover Scott.

Meaning you don't believe they exist? No, I believe they exist. I don't believe that they can rise to the level. I see. You know what I mean? Okay.

Got it. Yeah. So that's one thing going on with me. I, I, I lack companionship and also don't want to put my trust in somebody.

You know? Okay. Are you attracted to men though? Oh my God.

So attracted. Oh my God. All the time.

Just looking, looking, looking at all these bodies, you know? Oh, I cannot handle it. Just always running hot. Running really, really hot. Oh, that's Keith's thing. Oh, sorry. Hey, that's like everybody think everybody like a cool pillow.

Well, Nancy, I'm so sorry that it isn't working out for you in the romance department. That's okay.

I can do bad all by myself, you know?

Yeah. So work is not good. Relationship is not good for you.

I mean, that's when times get tough, you know? You are telling me. Yeah. And I just have to, I have to ask this question.

It might seem rude. It might seem rude, but I know Nancy, you work at the counter at Macy's Clinique number one. Yeah. Um, uh, I think she may have just been saying it's number one, like proud of it. Or is it the number one counter in the number one? Oh, is that the, is that the business? No, no, but her counter is called Clinique number one. Thank you. I don't know why it doesn't get it. Elevate yourself. Don't tell anyone you're elevated. I think this is, this is why I love having female voices on the show is because I learn new things. Right. Right. I have to ask you work at the counter works, not going great, but you care about people's skin, but your face is covered in cysts. I didn't want to, yeah, I wasn't going to say anything. I didn't want to say it, but I just had to address the elephant. Yeah. That's a tough one because you know, why are elephants gray too? They should be black. Exactly.

They should be black. Um, so we love elephants. So yeah. Do you want to talk about your cysts? Um, wow. I thought I used a lot of foundation on it and then you wouldn't see it, but well, I guess, and I don't want to shame you.

No, it's okay. It is cystic acne. That is for sure. That is for sure. But I just imagine that, you know, when you're talking to customers and you know, trying to get them to buy skincare products, you know, that could create some type of, it's like, you know, a skincare product salesperson heal thyself. I guess I cannot really, um, pay for the, the, that yellow soap and the one, two, three step program and they're stringent. Oh, they don't pay you enough. No. And so here I am sneaking samples all the time. Of course. But sure. How many, how many samples do you try to sneak out per day? Oh, I'm going to say like, you know, I bring them my own little containers that I've already used in my house. They come out like pump, pump, pump in my break time. And then, so maybe it's because I'm going to be a stressful break for you. I mean, a lot of people when they, they just eat lunch, but you're out there. Pump, pump, pump.

Honey, I'm turning and burning. Oh my God. I'm out there just sweating so bad. I go to the target, try to like get as many free samples as I can. They don't say it's free sample, but Hey, you got to try the product.

That's true. Now have you ever seen Keith at a target?

Never once. Yeah.

Lies. All lies. But if you insist, I shall give you the details about our interaction.

So we met at a counter and you know, Wait, you met at the Macy's counter? Is that what you're trying to say? Yeah. It's well, you were, were you interested in getting makeup for yourself or for a loved one? It was for me. I was listening to Macy gray and just one of those days where I was feeling a little, like I'm going to go to a thing that I'm listening to. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.

It's just, I was called there by spirits bigger than mine.

You know, mom used to lead in seances and oftentimes it would lead me to Macy's. You used to lead seances. Oh yeah. Oh, I love a good seance. What constitutes a good one? Uh, well, you see a white ghost. Oh, well, what? Oh, what?

Yeah. Oh, well, a biracial ghost. It was biracial ghost. We saw, and it was a Drake ghost. We named it Drake. Um, just a fun little nickname for a ghost. The one mixed person we know. Um, and it's, we, we, I made an fantastic shepherd's pie. Oh, that's fun. And was, was the biracial ghost able to partake or can you go see food? This particular ghost was lactose intolerant.

Yes. Um, so, uh, no, wasn't able. And I had some shredded sharp cheddar in there. Uh, but yeah, we did. We had a seance and we met, we met a light skin ghost. Okay. And that led you to the Macy's somehow. It did. Yeah. Okay. So we got into deep discussion about sis and, and, and Hiroshima.

And Hiroshima as well. I do. Do you remember any of this Nancy or, uh, I remember that part. Of course. Oh, of course you do. Yeah. Which part, the cysts or the Hiroshima part? Both of the things we were kind of, they like lead one into the next. I guess I can see how they can, yeah, they kind of flow in and out much like a cyst. Uh, and, and though strangely, this is really weird, but my fingernail touch his fingernail and wow. Oh, this, no, no, don't, don't, don't, don't, uh, that's, you know, that's giving me the shivers, like the fingernails on the chalkboard thing, two fingernails touching the black chalkboard.

No, but sorry. Yeah, you're right. You make sure, but it, it meant something I think. So yeah. What happened when you guys touched fingernails? I felt like the fireworks are like going over my head and also like smiling, smiling, so big and like hurting the zits that were by my mouth and nose. So wait, the zits that were by your mouth and nose because you were smiling were like popping.

I hope not. I hope they were just stressed to the max. They're just right to the limit. Oh my God.

I hope they really did right to the point, but they were popping.

He came home with juices all over his face, all over his face.

I gave you the wine. You kept that? How long did you keep it on your face? You know what? I still haven't watched my face. Oh my God. It just kind of dried.

It's a beautiful thing. Oh my gosh. What is it? What an amazing love story. I consider her like a sister. Wow. I thought she thought it was romantic. No, he's saying sister as in someone who has cysts.

Exactly. Sorry to make you, sorry to explain that one. Sorry to bother you. Oh boy. Oh, I'm just in my head. In theaters this Friday. Over my head. Well Nancy, I want to make an offer to you because you're unhappy at work.

And I have, I run an excellent business. I am a dialect coach, but that's my business.

You're a domestic caterer. I just want to know if you'd be interested in working for my domesticating company. Your domestic catering company? Domesticating.

Scott called it a domestic caterer.

Oh wait, you said domesticating? Domesticating. Yes, I do make food and take it to people. Oh, I'm sorry. The two separate businesses. Sure. I'm sorry. It was your dialect that got in the way.

Oh, well sometimes I do it on purpose. Keep you on your toes. And that's how Lekith has got the career he's got. Okay. Domesticated. So what is a domesticating company? We make food and we take it to people's homes. That's the exact same business as the domestic catering company.

Well, you call it tomato. I call it tomato. But you consider them to be two separate companies?

Tomato. Those are two different companies. Okay. Would you be interested? I don't know if you cook at all, but can I ask a follow up question?

Sorry.

You haven't even asked one question. You're skipping straight to the follow up.

Sorry to bother me. What's the follow up? Of course. I just want to say like, of course. Yes.

But like, is it the driving or is it going to be like the cooking because Which one are you mainly interested in? Driving. You want to drive?

Okay. You can drive. Do you have a license? Oh, that's the problem. That's the problem.

I don't have a license. You know what it is? It's my temper.

And when we try to go like on driving practices, I just get too mad. What do you get mad at? The other motorists or other motors? Anybody saying, Oh, look out for that guy.

You know, I don't like the backseat driving instructor. Well, that's what a driving instructor does. They're adjudicating you based upon your driving ability. It's so naggy. Like turn left here. Come on, push the brakes.

It's like, Hey, we're not married. You know, I'm going to be driving by myself. Like, could we replicate that situation? Can we have separate lives? Oh my God. Like such an entangled, he was in mind. Yeah. Separate lives. Another great Billy Joel song. Hey, start with that one. The theme to white nights. Why, why is it not black nights?

Black nights. Oh my God. That was a Martin Lawrence film.

Okay. Well also, uh, uh, uh, uh, night and black armor, right? Why does it have to be shiny? It's like, come on guys.

Shiny lends itself to being white. Yeah, exactly. Let's reverse these stereotypes.

Black things can also show exactly. That's true. Like if you put like cocoa butter on the morning, yeah. The black has on my face. Oh my God. They listen. Oh my God. I love how you love yourself though, Nancy. Oh yeah. Never be a hater to your own self.

Well, so are you going to take this job?

I don't even know if it's still being offered considering you don't have a license. If she's, if you're willing to cook, I've got a job for you. My God, my blackheads. What about your blackheads?

You're afraid they're going to pop into the food a little bit. Not to go to like A2G, but why aren't they called white heads? Exactly. They're bad. They are white heads.

You know, those are ours. White heads are separate things, but I think even the blackheads are the worst ones. No, no, no, no, no, no, no. Why don't you think the white ones are the worst?

It's ready to come out. But the blackheads can come out without making a mess. So they are the good. Let me ask you guys a question though. Have you ever been in a scenario where you're like looking at somebody and you're having like really intense conversation, like maybe break up. Oh my God. And then the white head is just screaming at you and you're just looking at it and you're like, Oh my God, I can't even think about what you're saying because the white head. It's what on the tip of your nose or something. It's like somewhere you can see it. Oh pulsing, you know, just pulled, just ready to go. And you're like, okay, I know we're in the middle of a serious discussion.

We're breaking up, but I really want to get this, let this loose. I've never, no, I've never been in that situation. Oh, I am the person on the other side.

Oh, I have told you all the time. Like I couldn't even look at it because actually Keith told me that one time we were in a drive-through and he told me, wait, so you guys met outside the department store? Well, this was our first date. How many days have you got? This is twist twist. I mean, and letting everything out. We might as well just, you don't know about this. And I just, yeah, because I'm, no, I didn't know about this and I was ready to go back into my other wheeling accent, but I'm, I'm shook to my core right now. So how many dates have you gone on to my core? And if you want to go on another one, we'll pay for it. Oh my God.

Like single out. Yes. Okay. Yeah. Class it up. Class it up.

Okay.

Okay. Come on, Nancy. Do better. You know, let's get it popping. Yeah. Where would you like to go?

Like a sister, my sister. Where would you like to go knowing this guy? Um, you know what? I think it's really romantic. If we, if we go back to the counter, it's just, oh, not the burger joint here in LA. You mean the, no, no, no, no, no. I'm talking about the Macy's. The actual where you guys met. Yeah. That's romantic. Yeah. A lot of people, you know, they're like, Hey, meet me at the top of the empire state building. Where are you making fun of me? No, no, no, no. I just think it's going to be a really good hit. Me saying that is going to be a hit. Yeah. Like cold, cold brew. Um, but can I just, I've taught, I've taught Lakeitha a lot about dialects. Okay.

But I've also taught you, have you taught him about the human heart? Well, we have touched on that. Uh, I've also taught you how to treat a lady right now. I would love, what I would love to see is the two of you simulate a date and you simulate a date, simulate a date. Scott.

I was trying to shorten it. Like this could be a TV show that we picked. I say tomato.

Never said either of those words. Okay. Well you say onion and I say onion. All right. Listen, I'd love to see you simulate walking down the snowy path.

One foot in front of the other, one of her feet in front of my feet and then my feet in front of her feet, creating a nice great braid of feet. And we had reached the zenith of the counter where there were a bunch of products ranging from papa zit to if you insist.com and we were sorting through the ingredients within these chemicals and came across one called riboflaviclopacin.

And we realized that that would be the name of our unborn child. I should have mentioned that I taught him spoken word as well.

And there, when we looked into each other's eyes, sparks flew, make the sounds of the sparks.

Oh no, mommy, please. Wait, yeah. Who is he gesticulating?

I'm not sure.

One, two, sparks. Sparks were flying and we knew from that moment forward, we had to be a thing.

Wow. And Oh wait, one part of the story.

Yeah. This is like a Marvel movie. There's something after the credits.

While I was going in for that first beautiful kiss, I accidentally stepped on her toe and she said, and I said, sorry to bother you in theaters. Wow. You got a plug in there on your first date.

That's amazing. That's my boy. That's my boy. That is my boy. I've taught you so much.

What a beautiful love story that should be filmed. I think that's a, this is like a, the best rom-com I've ever seen. I would save the cat pretty soon after that if I were you, but, you know, after braided feet, are you sure we're looking for buyers? I just, yeah, I just want to say, I know I'm looking for bears, like the legend of bear Vans, like black bears, the black bears. You guys are funny. You guys are. Oh, thank you so much. It's always nice to hear from a fan. I enjoy comedy. You have an appreciation for the art form. I like comedy.

I do. And I just want to say, I want to apologize to you, Scott, come in here under the guise of a dialect coach. You're not really a dialect coach. No, I am, I am, but I'm I'm I'm, I contain multitudes, a dialect coach. I'm a domesticator. I'm a domestic caterer as well. You say onion and I say Jeep. Okay. And what did you drive here?

Toyota Corolla. Oh, okay. Why do you say an onion? I said, I think I'm confused now. I think you're trying to confuse me. Yeah.

We're always trying to confuse people, Scott. I'm just trying to remember the words that we didn't start the fire. All right. I'm just throwing things out. Onion. Is that in there?

I think you're just trying to confuse me. I know. I said, you say onion and I say Jeep.

You say, you say Toyota Corolla. Get to your confession.

Okay. All right. Peeling back the layers. I'm I contain multitudes. I am LaKeith style at coach. Yes, but I'm also his mother and I'm also his spiritual advisor and dating coach and I'm a domesticator and I am a spoken word coach, but my big confession is, um, that I am from wheel in West Virginia and I, Wakanda, but forever, but I'm from wheeling. Um, and, um, I am very ignorant and that's what I just want to confess that I'm really ignorant. Part of overcoming is admitting. So this is an incredible revelation because you, you, you proclaimed to be an expert in all of these fields that you previously mentioned, but you are ignorant. Ignorant. Call me ignorant. Castle. Ignorant castle is what you would prefer to be called from now on instead of Darlington. Yep. Can I call you a queen castle? Cause that is really what I think.

And I want to say, I'm sorry for not really just like jumping on the opportunity to work for you. Like I feel like a dumb donkey and I'm really sorry. Okay. Well, I wouldn't call donkey black, you know, in the Shrek movies.

Are we assuming donkey's black based on his voice? Based upon the actor who plays him.

I don't think an ignorant person could have made some sort of like that.

So should I go by queen castle? I think queen castle is much better than ignorant castle.

This dumb donkey is not as ignorant as we thought.

Dumb donkey is not as ignorant as what you thought in theaters this Friday.

Speaking of that, we have to wrap it up now. We only have time for one last thing and that's a little something called plugs.

Oh, nice and short. I love it. That was plug these boots by sound noodle, a parody of the very popular U2 song, get on your boots. Their biggest hit. If you have a plugs theme, go head on over to the ear Wolf message boards and leave it in the appropriate thread and we'll find it. All right, let's plug it up. Keith, what do you got to plug? I would assume the movie out this Friday.

Yes. Sorry to bother you out this Friday and going nationwide on the 13th. Oh yeah.

So bring your mama, bring your cousin, bring your children.

It'll be a good time.

So just, but just your mama, just your cousin and just your children. Like no fathers.

Your grandfather.

Your grandfather. Okay. Yeah. They can be grandfathered in.

Yeah. We have to skip, you know, uh, to bring everyone. It's a really, uh, great time.

Buy out the theater. So, you know, like an invite some inner city.

I've already done that.

Have you done that? You bought them all out.

Yeah. But no one's going to be in them. Just me, but I just wanted space.

Right. Yeah. I hate that when someone sits down right next to you in a theater.

It's so annoying. Especially when it's sold out.

Right. Then you, yeah, I just want, I don't know.

Find somewhere else.

I don't want to share popcorn.

Exactly. Yeah. Oh, that's, I mean, that's the thing. Like popcorn by law. If you buy it, you have to share it with whomever. I feel I have to, I got to go to a movie with you.

Sorry to bother you. Come in school.

And, uh, let's try to make this, uh, let's try to, even though he's a friend of the show, Paul Rudd with Ant-Man and the Wasp also comes out Friday.

Let's, let's topple that movie.

Well, let's make this number one. Sorry to bother you.

I don't give a peep about any other movie.

I'm glad that we were able to bleep you on that because, uh, that was some pretty rough language.

You know, I can go there when it comes to more movies.

Um, Darlington, AKA Queen Castle, AKA Meryl, uh, uh, Stanfield.

Uh, what do you have to plug here?

Um, um, I, uh, have heard of a young black woman who does a show called gray black woman.

Well, now why do you as a white person have to say that it's a black woman?

Cause I want people to know she's not like me.

Okay.

And the show's called great black woman. And then there's me, she's going to be doing it for the last time ever.

Okay. I gotta get this date because this is the one that I'm going to go to.

You're not going to come.

I'll tell you the date, Scott, you're not going to come.

This is exciting. Cause I'm bringing up my calendar right now.

Write it down. And when the alarm goes off on your phone, uh, dismiss it.

Now let me take you through the history because I've heard about this show.

First one deadly ill.

Okay. So, so we've And canceled right as I was about to go. I was like, I just can't make it.

Right.

Second one was at a YouTube concert.

Yeah. And by the way, when you say canceled right before you couldn't go, that just meant not showing up.

No, I had my assistant call the theater to say that I was not coming.

Oh, well the theater never told that young black woman.

Oh no. Was she, uh, was there a heartbroken?

It was like looking for her father in the audience and then to not see him there.

That's exactly what it felt like. It was like, dad said he was coming to this one.

So you were looking out at the audience during the show.

When I say you, I mean this, this other black woman, the black, the black woman.

I gotta say that's very unprofessional of her to be, she should be in it in the show and she should be in character and not looking midway through. She, you know, she tried to make eye contact with certain audience members and then realize that she didn't think she saw Scott Aukerman there. So she, I was there at the show. She asked the tech booth to turn the house lights up in the middle of the show. That is not a good idea.

Asked everyone to ask their neighbor if they were in fact Scott Aukerman.

Were they all sharing popcorn?

No popcorn, no food allowed in the theater. But anyway, and then, What is this date? Because, uh, this is very exciting.

July, hold on. She'll tell you right now. Uh, someone just, I heard someone asked the black girl to do it again. Cause she wasn't gonna do it again.

July 17th, July 17th, 8 30 PM.

At 8 30. God, that's late for me. Oh, really late. But you know what?

There's nothing on the calendar.

He's not going to come. He's going to put it in there.

I'm going to put it on the calendar. That's a great first step for me.

July 17th, 8 30 PM. It's at a show called legitimate goddamn theater.

Wait, where's it at?

It's the show is called legitimate goddamn theater. It's at the theater called UCB sunset.

It is in fact going to be the last time.

How she liked, how she liked performing at sunset.

She prefers it to Franklin as far as the show goes. So she prefers that. I heard she prefers it.

But also this is true. Like she's not faking the funk. This is the last time someone asked her to do it yesterday. Sorry to bring up funk because I know you get very excited.

Like funk.

Okay. Well that's exciting. This is a, and this is a show that I've been meaning if, if it's any, uh, seven, eight months now, this July will be eight months.

It's quite a torturous history that this young performer and I have.

Absentee father who says he's going to pick you up from your baseball game and isn't there when you get outside. Well, I'm so sorry to have that effect upon another, uh, fellow performer whom I consider to be, uh, not necessarily a peer, but, uh, and not a subordinate somewhere in between. I thought you were going to insult the quality of her comedy.

Oh no, no. That fun actually. No, not at all. I just mean status wise.

And when we're talking income tax brackets wise as well.

All right. I don't know why you need to speculate.

Because I love doing it every time I come. I love doing it.

Every time I come.

This is the first time you've ever been here. Oh, true.

That's true.

That's true. Not to hold your feet to the fire. Oh, true.

Hot, hot, hot. Okay.

Nancy, what do you have to plug? It's me, Nancy.

Um, I would like to plug this really cool show called AP bio is on NBC and like, um, gearing up for season two, but Hey, why don't you do a favor and check it out on Hulu.com and maybe the NBC app. All the kids love the NBC. Oh, they love it. They're always on it.

On the Snapchat. They're always talking about NBC app. NBC app.

Is this really how you speak? Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Oh, I guess. Oh yeah. Check me out on Instagram. You know what I mean? Meryl Swan. Oh, not Nancy.

Meryl Swan.

I mean, that's my friend. I got this nice friend. Gee, every time.

All right. I have nothing to plug. Well, I don't, you know, our between two ferns with Jerry Seinfeld and Cardi B is still out there. Go watch that. Came out a couple of weeks ago and, uh, check out the comedy bang, bang TV show on Netflix. All right. Let's close up the old plug bag. It's time to open it.

It's time to open the bag.

All right. Just another six months of that until we get to change it.

Uh, I want to thank our guests today. What a fascinating show. It went so many different places. Uh, Keith Sanfield. So nice to meet you. Uh, I really hope that, uh, a lot of people see this movie and, uh, anything else in the pipeline for you coming up? Nice to meet you. Thank you very much. Nice to meet you. Is that the sequel to Sorry to Bother You? It could be. Uh, it's, uh, this is the craziest, weirdest interview. Uh, I think I've had, and I'm very happy about that.

I'm very happy about it too. Thank you so much for coming.

I want to thank, uh, Queen Castle as well. Thank you for being here. Thank you so much for having me. And, uh, Nancy Yee, uh, so good to see you and, uh, uh, don't just nod. Go ahead and say your final words here on the show.

Okay. Uh, and, uh, we got to thank of course, our good friend, Bob. Bob, come on out of your cage.

I guess you wanted a little bit more stinkiness.

All right. That's our show. We'll see you next time. Thanks.

Bye.
