---
layout: page
title: 554. Horatio Sanz, Thomas Middleditch [59810⧸].mp3.wav
category: cbb 
---

♪ Comedy Bang Bang ♪ Fast food you ain't supposed to eat while you're fasting, dum-dum.

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

Thank you to Side of McG for that catchphrase submission, but I don't believe it's going to stick.

Sorry, Side of McG.

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang for another week.

This is exciting. We have coming up on the show an entrepreneur.

It seems like we've had a lot of entrepreneurs on this show recently, but they all seem to have crazy ideas, but I'm sure this one will be just a regular person that we will be able to talk to about his various ideas for a business.

And speaking of business and entrepreneurs, my first guest on the show here with me is in the business called Show Business, and he sells himself and his image, his graven image, and craven image, to various streaming services of all stripes, including the recent Netflix hit Glau, the gorgeous ladies' Alve Wrestling, where he plays the man who saves Glau.

Please welcome to the show, you know him from SNL, you know him from Boat Trip, you know him from... give me something else.

Um, I was on, I was, I did a cameo on Parks and Rec.

Really? What character?

Parks and Rec. Well, I played myself.

Did you play a park or a rec? Oh, you played yourself?

I played myself in the future.

Really?

I was a preacher. Okay.

Named Horatio Sands, and I married some people.

Who? I think a gay marriage.

You married a gay couple.

A gay couple. And this was, it was in the future.

Yeah, it was in the future.

Crazy. What year?

You remember they did that thing? Didn't they have a whole season that was set in the future?

Yeah, it was then the future, but now it's the past, my dear boy.

Please welcome Horatio Sands.

Hello.

How are you?

Gonna be back in time, ma.

Gonna be back in time.

What is your hat? This is why people listen to this show, to hear the tough interview questions, like, what is your hat?

Well, this is a Chicago Cubs hat.

Okay.

And if you know, I long suffered with the Cubs, and if you know any Cub fan, you know that it's a very sad following.

Until recently when they won.

So, this is the only time I've been able to wear any Cub stuff.

With pride.

Right, yeah.

Before it was with shame.

And this is not the traditional Cubs hat. This has a little picture of a little bear?

Yeah, it's cute.

Like a little bear cub?

It's a cute little, like, for toddlers too. Everyone could enjoy this.

Yeah, everyone can enjoy this. You don't have to be a Cubs fan to enjoy this hat.

No, you can be a Toddler.

Toddlers? Cubs fans?

Old ladies.

Sure. And hats, let's talk about them. Are they good for keeping the sun out of your eyes, or are they good for hiding messy hair?

What do you primarily use yours for?

If I'm walking my dog, I use it as a sunshield.

Okay.

And if, but mostly it's because my hair's messy.

Yeah.

And I don't want to, you know, mess with it.

At what point do you think did hats become messy hair hiders?

Because it used to be you would do your hair and then put on a top hat or whatever, but at some point it seems like maybe in the 1970s, hats' sole purpose now are messy hair hiders!

You know me, I think it happened when baseball hats became very popular.

Around the time that baseball...

Yeah, around the third century.

You know, it's interesting because baseball was invented, and people were like, hey, let's put on a hat on these players.

And so they do. They create these hats, baseball hats. They put them on players, and it's to keep the sun out of their eyes when they're going back for, you know, a long fly...

A pop fly ball.

A pop fly.

And then people are like, oh man, I got to wear one of these.

And so they go, they put them on sale to the general public.

And then the first, I would imagine for the first three months or so, you'd see someone wearing one on the street and go, pardon me, aren't you a baseball player?

Shouldn't you be out on the field?

And people, no, no, no, these are for sale to the general public.

And then they become popular to the point where now I would say more people in gen pop wear these baseball hats than actual baseball players. Would you agree?

Yeah. Yeah, they do. More because you don't want, also you don't want to be a baseball player who's, when he's off the field, he's also wearing a baseball hat.

Like going to a concert with...

So those guys exclusively don't wear baseball hats after, off the field.

So what happens though, if they need to keep the sun out of their eyes or hide messy hair? What kind of hats do they wear?

A lot of the Dominican players are wearing pith helmets when they go out and party.

Like a Jumanji pith helmet?

Y'all are forgetting some big hats. I know I'm not supposed to talk.

Oh no, you're able to talk. This is our next guest, the entrepreneur that I was...

It doesn't matter what I do now. Y'all are forgetting fedoras.

Y'all are forgetting them floppy hats that French people wear.

The berets?

Barrett's. Y'all are forgetting them rice paddy hats that come from other countries.

I don't know, I mean I guess...

Yeah, what are those called?

Rice paddy hats.

I guess, although it doesn't sound right coming out of your mouth.

Why?

Especially with your dialect.

Rice paddy hat? How am I supposed to say it?

Maybe that is the technical term for them, although it just makes me feel weird hearing that.

I wish I could Google right now, but I can't.

Upside down saucer hat.

Okay, perhaps.

How's that word?

Do you want me to introduce you now that you're started talking?

I just wanted, you can keep talking. I just wanted to make sure y'all knew about fedoras.

We do know about them.

I guess berets and rice, uh, sauce plate hats.

Okay.

You know why rice paddy hats are so popular?

I wish we would stop saying this.

You're supposed to eat your rice out of them and then put them on your head when you're finished.

No, no, no.

And you're forgetting cowboy hats.

What type of hats?

Cowboy hats.

Oh, cowboy, I thought you said kayabawa hats.

No, cowboy.

Cowboy hats, yes.

Yes, sir.

Please let us not forget cowboy hats.

Let, lest we not forget the cowboy hats.

Now that's another one.

Suddenly in the, especially in the 1980s, people started wearing cowboy hats when they weren't cowboys.

It just causes confusion.

You do not want to see any photos of me back in the 1980s.

I was wearing just, nothing but a cowboy hat.

Oh, do you have any photos on you?

Sure, here you go.

All right, let me take a look at these.

There you go.

Okay.

That's me in 1981.

Wow.

That's me in 1982.

All of these photos, they're tri-folded like a Playboy centerfold.

Yeah, well, yeah.

I have to fold them up.

Sometimes they get let loose and, well, pandemonium strikes.

Oh my gosh.

Raj, you want to see these?

Yeah, this is sexual content.

Yeah, this is, I should have given me a warning.

It's pretty suggestive.

It's suggestive.

It should have given me a warning.

Well, it's a good thing it's a podcast, otherwise your listeners would be pumping their damn stereos or something.

Let me introduce you because I do want to make sure that I say your name because when I call you your name, I don't want the listeners to be confused.

You understand that, right?

Of course.

That makes sense.

I don't know why anyone, what's he saying?

I'm saying that I need to introduce you and tell the listeners your name just on the off chance that were I to say your name, people wouldn't be saying, who the hell was he talking about?

So, an introduction?

An introduction, yeah.

Is what I'm talking about.

Yeah, yeah.

He is an entrepreneur.

He is sitting here in front of Horatio Sanz and I and he is, I can't tell if he's starstruck or not.

Please welcome- Reasonably.

Great.

Please welcome Lyle Cummings.

Hi there.

How y'all?

I really want to give this guy a break, I feel.

Well- How do you mean?

Do you mean like a Kit Kat bar?

What are you talking about?

Oh, that's funny.

I feel like a Kit Kat bar and I've been trying to get that joke- You're reaching into your pocket.

That's why I'm saying- Oh, no, no, no.

You said, I really want to give this guy a break and you start reaching into your pocket for something.

The amount of times I've seen that in my life and it has not been a Kit Kat bar.

Boy, I would say nine times out of 10, it's not a Kit Kat bar.

No, it's anything but.

I'm rooting for you is what I'm saying.

But at 10th time- But at 10th time- I'm not the only one.

Now, you were an entrepreneur, is that correct?

I sell Sherbert currently.

That's my latest game.

That's the latest in a long line of businesses?

Well, goodness, I mean, we'll get into that in a bit, but maybe I just- Okay, sure.

I've got a Sherbert truck.

So currently you're a truck, in a truck?

I go around the neighborhoods and I sell Sherbert, not my damn truck.

So it's sort of like an ice cream truck.

Exclusively Sherbert.

Do you like Sherbert, Horatio?

You a big Sherbert guy?

I'm not a big Sherbert guy, but I do enjoy it once in a while.

Let me ask you now, I want you to answer me.

My dad was a big Sherbert guy.

So yeah, typical asking question kind of thing.

Okay, now answer me now on this question here.

I come to you all, I've got two cups.

One's ice cream filled with cow blood and piss and shit.

I don't know that that's really the case with ice cream.

And then the other one's Sherbert.

It's cool, it's refreshing, it's clean.

What you going to have?

I'm going to have that shitty one because I know from memory that it tastes better.

God dang it.

But this Sherbert is mandarin orange flavored or lemon.

Why are all the Sherberts, they seem to be all fruit flavors?

Is that the only way to get flavor into them?

It is, technically it is.

What is the difference between Sherbert and ice cream?

You're asking questions you don't want to know the answers to.

No, I like you want to know the answers.

Because this goes all the way to the top.

The top of your organization?

The top of the god damn government, Illuminati, whatever you want to believe controls this here world.

Okay, well I think it's random chaos.

Oh, we got another one of these liberal LA random chaos heads.

Crybabies.

Tell me, I don't like to be characterized as such, but if you could just stick to the questions that have been asked.

What is the difference between Sherbert and ice cream?

One is made from cow's titties and the other one isn't.

That's a big difference.

Okay, so cow's udders.

Titties.

Each cow has six tits.

I guess. I've never, I actually don't know. I don't know the answer to that. I've never counted them.

Hold on one second.

One second. This is exactly why you have an iPhone.

Hey Siri.

Oh, let me do, let me, I'll ask Bixby.

I'll ask Bixby, what do you think?

How many titties are on a cow?

Oh, it thinks I'm saying titties.

Oh, touchdowns?

How many touchdowns does a cow have?

Hey, there's nothing in the rule book, so it wouldn't surprise me.

Okay, so.

It's just searching Google and saying, I want her to riddle me this.

Yeah, you want her to actually say it.

It doesn't matter. She's a god-dumb bitch.

Oh my god, no, please. Have you ever forced Siri to say something like, I love you, or something that.

Every day of my life.

Yeah.

Horatio, do you have the answer on this about how many udders a cow has?

13.

13?

13 titties? Unlucky number.

No wonder cows are eating all the time.

You're all telling me you want to get, essentially, the devil's animal, have a bowl full of its titty cream, flavored to god knows what, vanilla, chocolate.

Sounds great, yeah.

Instead of something clean, precious, and pure, like sherbet.

What is sherbet? Is it just like ice that's crushed up and then you add a little bit of fruit to it? What exactly is sherbet?

These, again, you're going down a pathway.

It's almost like you don't know.

No, I'm telling, I'm trying to protect you, man.

You're the expert.

I'm trying to protect you.

Also, it seems like 90% of sherbet you see in stores is in a big bucket and it's swirled together.

That's not my problem.

Is that the type of sherbet that you serve on your truck?

Well, yeah, but it ain't my problem. That's the problem of the consumer.

Right, but on your truck you can get different flavors or they're all mixed up together.

You can get mandarin orange, lemon, lime.

But all mixed up together?

Raspberry, or the big kahuna, which is all of them mixed up together.

Oh, okay, but you can get them separately. That's great.

If you want.

Okay, and how- Nobody does that.

Why do you have it, then?

Yeah, options.

Right, okay.

You got to provide the customer with choices so that they feel that they've made a special decision in their life.

So how's the truck doing? Is it successful?

Hey, man, honestly, I don't give two squirts about this damn truck.

Why are you doing it?

It's anything to get me off the street.

So you've had trouble being on the street.

Goodness.

I started on the straight and narrow.

Okay.

I mean, we can one, two skip if you get right to the early 90s when I was sucking dick all up on the North Carolina coast, just trying to get by.

Okay, I guess- Just getting by.

Just trying to get by.

Just like groceries.

Just groceries, rent- Basic cable bill.

Netflix.

Wait a minute.

This is in the early 90s when Netflix was expensive.

Right, when they were beta testing Netflix.

When they were beta.

Sending out DVDs.

Oh, my goodness.

So this is just for your basic expenses.

This is just basic expenses.

Right.

My party month. Now, listen, before that, my very first job, I was hired by the superintendent of the local school to go into the middle school and strangle the teens.

To strangle the teens.

You know, what would be the possible reason for that?

You know how, you know how them teens like to choke each other or make each other pass out, and they come to when it's a real rush, right?

You know how that happens.

Yeah, I guess so.

Yeah, oxygen going up into the brain is very euphoric, as they say.

You want to hear it play Bill Nye for me?

You can.

I'm just here doing, I was just doing my job.

Anyhow, that time at that school, this was called Trenton Downey Middle School.

Middle school?

Yeah, this was, I took care of- This was getting them early.

I took care of the seventh and eighth graders.

Okay.

Because there was another person who took care of the ninth graders.

She's a big old lady.

Big, 300 plus pound woman.

Who would hire you is what I'm trying to- I'm trying to get to it.

Okay, please.

These kids, at the time, you have to understand, this was 88, 89.

These kids were doing it every damn day, multiple times a day.

The whole school.

In class?

In class, they were sneaking off to the back during the lessons, strangling each other, passing each other out.

It got to the point where a couple kids died.

Oh no.

And so, superintendent hired a couple people, myself included, to do it for the kids, supervised.

So in a safe environment where you were able to- How- Are you a medical professional?

Absolutely not.

It was, you have to understand, it was an epidemic.

These kids couldn't stop passing out.

Okay.

And so they hired, I didn't have any qualifications.

I was fresh out of college myself.

I came in- You're barely older than them.

Way in over my head.

Right.

But here I am, beginning to lunch, all these kids lining up, seventh, eighth graders, and I'm just strangling them.

They're doing this on their lunch break instead of during class.

That's just- Look, we had to organize it, create some structure to it.

Okay.

Now, there's a reason I didn't take care of the ninth graders, because they're big kids.

That's why you got to have that bigger lady.

Right, right.

So then they- So they thrashed around, you could get seriously injured.

What was your technique then? You would clasp your hands around their throats?

You know, I wish I could tell you that there was something to it.

So you was like, so instead of the kids doing it, you're like, I'll do it. Tell me what you want. Tell me who you want me to choke out.

I saw the help wanted sign in the paper.

Right.

There's a help wanted sign.

There was a help wanted sign, well, symbol. No, what am I trying to say?

Well, an ad probably.

An ad. There was an ad in the paper.

When I see Strangle, I turn the other way if I see that ad.

It just said, help wanted.

That's it.

So you had to go to- Oh, it didn't say Strangle?

Do they have any information about the school? Who to contact?

It said, help wanted, come to the school.

Come to the school.

To Trenton Downey Junior Middle School.

I can imagine that's, I mean, just asking people to come there is not, I mean, that's an unsafe environment for the kids.

Are you telling me?

You're telling me? Anyway, I was only but a few that replied to the advertisement.

There was supposed to be one for each grade.

Okay.

But the other fellow didn't work out.

So they plopped seven.

What happened to him?

He was a known child molester.

He was known.

He was renowned.

Renowned.

So this- Famous.

Famous for it.

This had really backfired on them to just have like- He was celebrated for it.

Coming by and coming by.

Real famous guy.

No.

Real famous guy.

I think he was probably reported in the papers is what you're talking about.

He was running for mayor and all kinds of things.

That does happen.

Conflict of interest.

So he was kicked out immediately.

So you had to take care of two of the grades.

Yeah, and I tell you, you know, nothing to it.

You want to say, oh, it's, you know, it's this technique.

We had to take training on it or anything like that.

No, you just- Teenager, young teen, lines up, plays your hands around his neck.

Bam, they're out.

Squeezes all you can.

And then what, do you have a first aid kit or a defibrillator on you?

Yeah, there was some saying on site, but I got so good at it, I can make them go out.

Two seconds.

It's not the going out that I'm concerned about.

It's the waking them back up.

Well, sometimes they take a bit, but all that means is they're going to have whatever they want to have happen in a better way.

Longer you out, the higher you come back up.

Okay, sure.

But so then if you're, what is the purpose of having you there if you don't have medical equipment, if you're not undergoing any kind of safety equipment?

You're going to have to call the superintendent.

Should I?

I got his number.

You're still doing it?

You have his number?

Yeah, no, no, no.

I only did it for a couple of years.

I'm telling you, that stuff sticks with you.

Okay, let's call him.

Here we go.

What's his name?

Uh, uh, P-penis?

I'm just joking.

You're joking.

Okay, good.

His name was something weird like that.

Pepper, oh, Pepper's McGilly.

Pepper's McGilly.

All right, let's call him.

Can we get Pepper's on the line?

Here we go.

You have his number.

Great.

Okay, you're putting it in.

Pepper's McGilly.

He's superintendent and I believe, I don't know if he still is, but 88, 89, he certainly was, and this was his pilot program to strangle these kids.

We're calling the school right now and uh...

Hello?

Hi.

Hey!

Hello?

This is Pepper's.

Pepper's McGilly, do you remember my voice?

It's Lyle Cummings.

Hi, Lyle.

How are you?

Hey, buddy.

I was, uh, I strangled the teams.

Oh, man.

This is a great, it's nice to hear your voice again.

Pleasure to hear your voice too.

Oh, heck, we were just talking the other day, I was over there at Burnham's and they were saying, where did that guy go?

And I was like, well, I don't know, he's probably choking kids out of some other town over there.

No, I got out of that game years ago.

I'm selling Sherbert now.

Oh, good for you.

Good for you, out of a truck or something?

Out of a truck.

Anyhow, I got the Pepper's radio host here.

Hi, Scott Aukerman here from Comedy Bang Bang.

Hey, look at there.

Hey, how are you, Scott?

I'm good.

You ever seen my television show?

Oh, yeah, I seen it.

I look, I look past it and, uh, and I, some of it makes me real, real happy.

Okay.

Well, great.

Um, I'm sorry about the other parts.

Oh, you know, I got children and a wife.

I can't just sit in front of a television set all day like some people.

Okay.

Well, Pepper's, can I ask you some questions about this, uh, joking kids out in, oh yeah, it became a real big problem in the nineties.

I don't know.

Yeah, it got worse.

I left worse after 89 when you left.

Yeah, it was getting too bad.

I said, I said to Pepper, you remember I went to your office.

I can't handle this.

And the thing too, the guys we hired, they're kind of like just starting to choke people out that weren't even asking for it.

So, I mean, it started becoming an epidemic on their end also.

So, so the people you brought in to fix the problem were the, a bigger problem than the original problem.

Affirmative.

You know, you know how you go to war, you come back, you're a changed man.

That's what I've heard.

Yeah.

And I mean, a lot of these guys that went into the choking teens program, the SSTP, the CTP, I mean, Oh, the CTP, choking teens program.

You come out and you can't stop choking.

Oh really?

So you didn't stop choking?

I've been, I've been choked free for only about six years.

So I went a long time.

That's a long, long time.

We're petitioning the county now to build a memorial wall for all the chokers that the board of education hired.

So we're going to have a big wall.

Chokers?

Not the people who died?

You're just going to have, they're going to have their own thing, but this is more, this more focuses on the epidemic of young men that were working for the board of education and forced to choke people out.

Okay.

So you're putting up a memorial wall for the people you hired to choke these teens.

And it's going to be, we're starting to, we're petitioned the county now we're starting to do some fundraising and uh, and I'd love you to come in.

Bless you peppers.

Bless you.

That is so, it warms my heart.

You know, it's such an under a disgust thing that's going on in our country.

What a great way to put it.

Under disgust thing.

And if the Sherbert thing doesn't work, guy, you know, you always got the job back.

Yeah.

I don't know if I could.

Maybe you could come back and do a, like, is, would there be a ribbon cutting around this or something?

Alumni.

Yes.

I mean, I'd love to, yeah, but to put you in front of the kids and just have you do an assembly hall performance or peppers.

Can I ask, how did you get, how did you get this job?

You sound very unqualified to shepherd young children.

Here's the superintendent of education, superintendent, and ever since the eighties or been here for a long time.

Well, I'm uh, I know I don't sound it, but I'm uh, I'm 94 years old.

Yeah.

And uh, 94 years young.

I'd like to say.

How do you keep your voice from sounding that old?

Uh, I will, I will constantly.

Doing vocal warmups?

I put moisturizer on a rubber dilly and I just tickle my tonsils with that.

Just keep everything moist.

He's a big gravy guy.

I don't remember you being really into gravy.

And I have no uh, scientific evidence.

You're either into gravy or ranch, you're either going to be one or the other.

There's an old saying where we come from, if you're, if you're not knee deep in gravy, your ass is somewhere else.

I don't know.

I think if you eat too much gravy, you're going to add an a-r-d to the end of gravy and wind up there.

Oh boy.

Grave graveyard.

You're going to wind up at the graveyard because it clogs the arteries.

Oh God.

But I don't know.

You're 94 years.

Oh, I've had to cut back on my escorts for sure.

On your what?

Your escorts?

On my escorts.

Every weekend, my wife and I would allow me to have sex with an escort.

Every weekend?

It kept me young, but it also was a dangerous game.

Yeah, I can, I mean 52 different escorts.

I couldn't feel my, my left foot for a while because all the Cialis I was pumping through my heart.

Wow.

But we got her done.

Well, why do it if you, why do it if you need Cialis to do it?

It doesn't seem like it would be that fun for you if you need, if you're not excited by the whole.

It's not an excitement issue, Scott.

You can still get her out, but then your Peter don't work.

Okay.

Then you can't pump into Cialis.

Some men have difficulties making their brain connect with their danger.

Okay.

That's not you though?

Oh, I actually have what is known as permanent erection syndrome.

Oh, so you have, you have PES.

You still got that?

I do.

And a lot of, a lot of guys say, say, wow, what the heck's wrong with that?

That sounds fantastic.

You could just do about just about anything.

That's the one, that's the one, the only complaint we got from parents was when he was strangling out kids.

That's the only complaint.

Because they assumed that that was causing it.

I wish I could put that thing away and a God has cursed me with a real meaty package.

Oh my gosh.

You could say through thick trousers, denim, I'm like, no, there's nothing you can hide it.

I wore hammer, loot, double cargo pants, Dickies, and you could still see, you could still, Oh, that's, that's too bad.

So how does it affect your life then Lyle?

Well, a lot of people think I'm just ready to go when I'm just trying to order a burger.

Yeah.

Uh, peppers.

We're not keeping you from work.

Are we?

Uh, you are mad.

As a matter of fact, there's a lot of important stuff we've got to come do here.

Oh really?

What are you up to today?

Well, right now we're, we're trying to keep books out of the first grade.

Keep them out.

Keep them out completely.

Like certain books you mean?

Any book, any book that has people mixing around and moving around.

Just people.

They were having trouble.

There's a book with a monkey in it and a book with a human in it.

No way.

Yeah.

They, they haven't had this trouble where kids, first graders were taking the pages out of books and crumpling them up and trying to, what would you say?

Do a seance, embrace a dark art.

Oh, there we just bored some kind of creatures into the present.

And trying to summon whatever was in the books into reality.

Okay.

Through blood magic or dark magic.

Okay.

So, and, and were you hired to take care of that at all?

They tried to wrangle me in.

I said, I can't be around them youths no more.

Yeah.

I can't.

It's too traumatized.

What are you, peppers, what's going on there?

You seem to be moving around a lot.

I'm just shuffling papers.

I'm looking at my iPad.

I'm just seeing all the things I have to do.

Okay.

Well, don't let us keep you if you, if you have to get to these books.

No, no, no.

I'm having fun listening.

But as long as you guys don't mind me doing a little work here, keeping doors open.

No, no problem.

Do you like Sherbert?

I love, man.

I love it.

And I was thinking maybe it was a local thing because man, this is, this town was almost built on Sherbert.

There were, actually there were about four different, at the time of, of the town's settling, there was about four different- You're getting very sentimental right now.

Four different Sherbert mines.

Sherbert mines.

And they were, we lost a lot of good men first getting them Sherberts out.

But- Yeah, there's like a 50-50 survival rate.

Survival rate.

Oh my gosh.

Why would anyone take that job?

It sounds- Are you kidding?

It sounds like you've never had Sherbert.

I think I've had it when they're out of ice cream occasionally.

Yeah.

I guess so.

But you like it?

My father, my grandfather, and my uncle, they all died back in the 50s.

There was a huge Sherbert mine collapse.

Yeah, that united Sherbert.

Why didn't they just eat their way out?

Because it's mixed in there with rock and dirt and shit.

You're not going to eat your, if you die in a coal mine, you're going to eat your way out.

Well, you can't eat coal.

They were just trapped by Sherbert.

They were mines where they were kind of making it in their, the earth had to be super cool.

This is in Macon?

Yeah.

Do you not know how a Sherbert mine works?

I guess not.

I guess I've never heard of it.

Okay.

You first, you detect Sherbert within the hills.

By the way, Peppers, your voice got very slow.

Are you groggy or something?

What is- It's getting late today.

It's not late, it's noon.

It's getting late.

It's noon.

You guys in Los Angeles, it's probably like 9 a.m. over here in sorry, Los Angeles.

It's already like 8 p.m.

Now you first detect Sherbert within the land and- How does one do that?

By drilling?

You can see it ooze up through the ground or sometimes if them earthworms taste lemony.

So you're going around eating earthworms to see if they taste lemony?

You don't have to eat the earthworms.

You just lick them.

You give them a suck and a lick.

Slurp them.

Slurp worms.

Slurp them.

That's funny.

Thanks.

Am I still on here?

Peppers, you're still with us.

If you have to go though- No, I'm good.

I'm just saying, yeah, the earthworms when they come out sometimes if you have enough of them you can get a little high from it.

Okay.

Earthworms also excrete a- I've been told it's bile.

But you slurp enough of it, you start seeing things.

Really?

So earthworm bile has hallucinogenic properties to it?

Enough of it, yes.

Well, you just say weird things.

You say weird things.

So you come home, you tell your mother that you're in love with her and things like this.

This has happened to you, Peppers?

It's strange.

Yeah.

We've all tried it and our team's definitely to lick the bile off of earthworm and then go with it.

And it disorients you just enough where you say weird things.

Okay, but you're not seeing things.

No, not at all.

Yeah, you're just saying slightly weird things.

Well, yeah, but you mix that with strangling yourself or trying to embrace the monsters in your books through dark heart rituals.

You get into a real wacky world.

You guys are two of a kind here, I have to say, because I don't think either of you should have been in charge of supervising children.

Scott, we didn't make up the world.

We just live in it.

Okay, I guess so.

I guess you're right about that.

You know what they say about making it.

If you're not making it and making it, then you're not making it.

Okay, thank you, Peppers, for that.

All right.

So you guys have a good one.

Oh, wait, you're leaving now.

Oh, I don't have to.

No, please.

No, I yeah, please.

Please leave.

Hold on.

Get what?

Gladys, hold my call, baby.

Gladys, thank you, baby.

Okay, no, you don't need to hold your calls.

We're going to a break anyway.

You just feel like there's no purpose to talking to you.

Do we listen to the commercials?

You can, yeah.

Do you want to hear them?

Can we make sure that they align with our views?

What are your views?

Give me two of your belief systems.

Being kind to others.

Okay, they probably do, yes.

And a barter based economy.

Okay.

Unfortunately, I doubt that any of our commercials are going to line up with that.

So let's not listen to them.

But okay.

Are you Peppers?

You have to go or?

No, I'm good.

All right, well, we'll be ourselves.

I'm Scott.

Just for myself, I'm Scott.

Okay, great.

Well, Peppers, I'm not sure how you knew that, Lyle.

I know Scott's when I hear it.

We're going to be right back with more Peppers McGilli, more Lyle Cummings and Horatio.

You're still here with us.

You've been very proud.

I am.

Hello?

Yeah, I'm in the phone.

How did you get in there?

Hold on, let me get out of here.

Yes, I'm here.

Oh, okay, great.

All right, we're going to be right back with more Comedy Bang Bang after this.

Comedy Bang Bang, we're back here.

Lyle Cummings from Macon, Georgia is here with us.

Sherbert salesman.

Sherbert extraordinaire.

It's now a way of life as to coping with what's happening in the preview.

Just a way to get you out on the streets and not alone with your thoughts or off the streets, you said?

Yeah, it pays the bills.

I mean, I did make more money doing other things in life.

I mean, that's why those things took a toll on.

Well, I mean, you brought you didn't make money doing what you mentioned previously because I was just covering your basic expenses.

Yes, I didn't want to say that.

Carolina coastline.

But that was just covering expenses.

This has to make more money for you than that.

No, although current day Netflix subscriptions are less than early 90s.

Okay, so yeah, balances itself out.

We also have Peppers McGilli, who is the superintendent of what was the name of the Trenton Downey Middle School, Trenton Downey Middle School, which also you work with first graders taking away their books.

Apparently.

Hi, Peppers, you still with us?

Yeah.

How's everybody doing over there?

I'm a superintendent of education in Macon County.

Yes, we've covered this.

And I'd have to deal with first graders all the way up into high school graduates.

Okay, so you're doing students 360?

Yes.

360 degrees.

He's doing them 360, man.

Why are you laughing about that?

I just never heard that term.

If I say to someone's parent, hey, I'm doing your kids 360, they're going to look at me strange and tell me like, wow, you better get yourself into the county jail.

That's true.

You know, there's a lot of wild things happening in Macon County.

Really?

Well, them kids doing the seances and, you know, strangling and all that.

Anything that you haven't mentioned?

Well...

Kids will be kids.

You got to understand, kids are going to be kids.

And you can sit them down and say, hey, y'all are nuts.

But in the end, they're just kids.

We can't expect them to be adults with their rational minds, fully developed brains.

They're always going to be kids.

Buddy, you said it.

You said it.

I saw about 40 different children, all ages, running around, running around in cut off jeans, high fiving each other and slipping down a yellow wet banana.

Fat Albert pants just cut up any kind of way.

Some of them mismatched on the legs, you know, one longer, one shorter.

What's the problem here?

I don't quite understand what you're...

These kids are running around.

Okay.

These short cut off jeans.

Sure.

No laws against this?

Celebrating.

Yes.

If you ask them what you're celebrating for, they'll tell you some cockamamie excuse.

Why are you even talking to them?

You got to talk to them.

I work with them.

I got to talk to them.

Yeah, you do, peppers.

Unfortunately.

Much as the public would like you not to talk to them.

I still have my badge.

What badge do you have?

What were you issued?

I was issued a standard issue, Macon County, Georgia.

Educanement.

Educanement?

So that's like educating with entertainment?

That's right.

I came up with here that I fostered in a few sheriffs of, you know, edutainment sheriffs.

So you were issued a badge.

Why didn't peppers, why did you collect his badge?

You weren't issued a service weapon either, were you?

I had about, I had two revolvers.

I was trained in akimbo technique.

Akimbo technique?

I was trained in a dual pistol.

That's where you're using both at the same time?

I was trained to use both at the same time.

Okay.

And you were issued two service revolvers and a badge.

I'm sorry.

Yes.

Scott, do you think that somehow we didn't, for some reason, didn't strangle these kids in front of a live audience?

I guess I thought you were doing it off to the side.

That's half the point.

Oh, okay.

No, no, we corralled them.

A live audience not of kids?

At lunchtime, we corralled them into the gym.

We had an outfit from Los Angeles that kind of helped us stream.

So an audience coordinator?

Yeah.

Now you got to understand, this was early, late 80s, early 90s.

So streaming, you were getting that little printout, dot matrix.

Sure.

It was printout after printout, but you would clearly be able to see an adult strangling a team.

Okay.

And we made beta videos and NHS videos.

To what end?

Were you selling these or?

Yeah, we were selling them to raise money for, to raise this wall.

This wall I want, the memorial wall for, for stranglers.

So wait, you were hiring stranglers to pay for a wall to memorialize the stranglers that you hired?

The snake was eating its tail.

There's no doubt.

Scott, you got to understand.

It's the bureaucracy in any township you're going to find in any county that you have to deal with a lot of it.

Yeah.

You have to understand, when I came in to the scene, to these kids.

Sure.

To these teens, you have to understand that there was about four to five teens dying per day.

So between four and five.

Between four to five teens.

We had to start bringing teens from other counties just to fill up the seats in the school.

Plump the numbers.

Now they were dying every day from self strangulation.

Unsupervised strangulation.

So that's why we brought in the task force.

The CTP?

The CTP.

Okay.

And that's why I got my badge.

That's why I was trained in dual pistols.

Akimbo technique.

Right.

Were the others trained in the similar technique?

Everyone specialized.

Okay.

So it was like the dirty dozen where- There was one fellow who specialized in katana.

Someone else had ninja stars?

That's true.

It's like you were that.

One guy could throw a playing card into a watermelon.

Okay.

So this is like the suicide squad or something.

Just a rag tag group of fellers that weren't really a part of anything in their own world.

But much like the suicide squad, were you putting collars, explosive collars around their necks in order to blow up their brains if they didn't comply with your wishes?

I did have- We did put the bomb around one guy and then he went and robbed the bank.

Claimed that, yeah, that was a bad idea.

We shouldn't have singled him out for no reason.

We did have, but we had the locked neck devices that we had on a lot of the fellas because that was part of their probation.

Everyone was on probation?

You were on probation?

You were on probation, Lyle?

At the time, yes, because I was still in and out of jail for all that dick sucking I've been doing.

Okay, so that was before this job.

Yes, sir.

You have to understand that when the whistle blew and the CTP had finished their work day, we weren't allowed to go home.

We were all put down in the- You finished your work day, you're not allowed to go home.

We were all put down in the basement of the school.

Our necks were chained to each other.

In the basement.

We had housing issues right from the get go.

Okay, so Peppers, you're incarcerating these people- In a way, yes.

In every way.

They're unable to leave.

They're chained to each other.

Apparently you're at a school that doesn't have bells ringing, it has whistles blowing at the end of the day.

Well, we had a lot of unwelcome attention from people outside the county that wanted to participate and become stranglers, maybe for not the best reasons.

I don't think the people who you hired are doing it for the best reasons.

I'm doing it for the kids.

Oh, the kids, so they wouldn't choke each other out and maybe do it in a dangerous way.

We had supervised trokers and stranglers coming into all these schools.

Yeah, I know the premise.

And I guess we had started getting the wrong type of fella, wrong type of fella that was kind of just choking everybody out.

So we had to have them all chained together.

I remember him.

We'll drop a name because he's behind bars so we can't do no more harm.

Oh, really?

What's his name?

Tubbit Tunken.

Yeah, big feller.

And he's behind bars.

Seven foot two, hands like grapes.

Just a big guy.

Wait, his hands are like grapes?

Just big old, you know, big grapes.

But the grapes, grapes, even the biggest of grapes are about, oh, like a bunch.

Okay.

I was going to say.

Like a big old bunch of pine and a plastic bag and pick me with you.

Okay, got it.

So he's got hands.

Hands that are slightly bigger than hands.

They big old hands.

And this fella would stomp around.

You knew he was coming.

You knew Tubbit was coming.

And he may be, he may have been in it for the wrong reasons.

Hashtag wrong reasons.

Why is he incarcerated currently?

I believe it's some related charges.

Hashtag incarcerated currently.

We're just dropping hashtags on the show, by the way.

If you want to use any of them while you tweet about the show, I'd really appreciate it.

Hashtag making education squad.

Okay.

I'm not sure that you want any attention drawn to what you're doing at the school.

Tubbit, are you still talking about Tubbit?

Yeah, we're talking about Tubbit.

I'm trying to thank the reason why he's currently in jail.

He's still incarcerated?

He's incarcerated.

Peppers?

He talked us into a new method of choking kids out where he would just sit on them for several seconds.

Okay.

One afternoon, he just sat on a group of like seven kids.

And they were...

And that was what he was arrested for?

That's when he was finally arrested.

For what?

For quantity?

I paid him bail.

Because he was doing it in bulk?

You have to understand, Scott.

He was eluding police for years.

Oh.

We would find these kids.

A kid would come to me.

I put my hands up to his neck or his or her neck, and I'd see there on the chest, I'd see butt marks.

I'd say, what the heck is going on?

When you say butt marks, you mean like skid marks or the impressions?

It's a definite impression of a butt.

You could see the rivets on the jeans.

You could see the butt mark.

I see.

Like a 501 symbol.

I was saying to someone, I said, I remember saying to you, I said, someone isn't strangling these kids.

Someone is sitting on them.

OK.

And that's, did you?

Years this was going on, and police couldn't find a suspect.

The police are coming by.

They're fine with everything, except for someone sitting on the kids.

Are the police in your pocket or something?

No, they're not in.

They are good friends of ours.

I mean, we all know each other.

We recognize the problem.

They were the ones that helped us organize the arena aspect of it, because the parking lot was closed.

The police were the ones that helped us organize the arena aspect of it.

And I think that's what we're all about.

You have just strange ideas about education.

And I think that's what we're all about.

And I love that man.

My mother was bathing me upstairs.

It looks like the sun is bathing his mother.

You have no questions asked, which is fortunate for all of us.

Sometimes you slide into certain scenarios where you didn't know you were going to be comfortable.

And so your mom enjoyed being young and being you.

Who doesn't enjoy being young?

Oh, man. She became a real metal head with that beanie on the propeller on the back.

She'd go in the middle of concerts and try flying around on her scooter, a Razor scooter.

She loved it and you loved what you were doing and you were in love with Don and what a terrible tragedy that sounds awful.

I'm sorry to hear about that.

Did and you guys were upstairs and suddenly you hear all this crashing, I would imagine.

And you're like, hey, wait a minute. Is this Pete Holmes on HBO?

What is going on here?

That are you laying fellow better calm down a little bit.

OK, I don't know that we need to get into.

I mean, that's his business, whatever he does.

I don't know why we're talking about Western at this point.

Your life is so much more interesting than Westworld, I would say.

Peppers.

That's a lovely time. And I thank you very much for thinking that I do. I mean, regular person trying to get through.

I did. I lived as my mother for for 12 years.

I believe. No, it was more like 30. All right.

Thirty years. A long, long time.

Twenty four years. Twenty five years. Somewhere in there.

This while. It's it's definitely been a while.

A while. That's great news. Well, I'm so glad that you got.

Wow. Yeah, thank you. Yes, ma'am.

All right. We are big fans.

Thank you. I had a down. OK. Oh, I thought you meant this show.

All right. So I'm sorry, guys. I got to go. Oh, I got to work. All right.

Well, what are you up to today besides taking the books out of first graders right now?

And I'm picking out precious metals to build that statue.

You're picking them out, meaning you're just choosing. Well, there's a salesman here, a statue salesman.

We're going to try to make this out of the most expensive, most durable metal we can find.

Well, you've been raising money for it for 30 years. Yeah.

Please go to Macon Middle School, Tennyson, Georgia, Tibbitt Fund, statue dot com.

And please give what you can. I don't think anyone is going to give money to erect a statue.

You have a seven foot four inch incarcerated child killer.

With hands the size of bunches of grapes.

Just a real murderous homunculus. Well, that's why it's a warning to the future generations.

Don't be like him. This is one of the most important statues the area has ever dared to erect.

And we got about a statue for just about everything. Okay.

All right.

Children need to be afraid of something when they're growing up. And since they can't go to the jail, they might as well have a boogeyman.

I've always said, might as well have a boogeyman. Might as well have a boogeyman.

Might as well have a boogeyman to you.

All right. All right. Bye bye. Oh, my gosh. Wow.

That ain't one of the most charming men you've ever met in your life.

I mean, when you came in here, I thought that you were kind of an odd bird.

But it's better to be weird than to be dead.

I don't know why that's a binary choice. That's true. That's true. Man, he's just an angel.

The things he's done for the children. Like what? You've heard them. Oh, no.

Those are bad things. You need more examples.

And organized strangling and the removal of seance pages in children's books.

I mean, and then erecting a memorial wall for all the people who have post-strangle syndrome.

And then a boogeyman statue for the homunculus.

All right. I guess you're right.

And then the selfless act of assuming the role of his mother for 30 plus years.

I don't know that it's selfless. Marrying his own stepfather and assuming a normal life with his mother as his child.

I wonder why he stopped.

He's 94. At one point the rug's got to come off.

Yeah, I guess so. Well, look, Lyle, we haven't really gotten into anything that you've done post that job.

I'm fine with from the 90s through through through however long goes, how long has it been? I can summarize it. Just nutshell it for us.

Plenty of drugs and plenty of chasing demons, which is why I found comfort in my sugar.

So. Okay, good. So everything's back on track for you.

More or less. But I'm telling you, you end up strangling about two, three hundred a day. We tried to paint the picture of the epidemic it was, Scott.

Every team, every day, the whole county was strangling each other.

So, you know, 300 a day in front of a large audience.

That's just the seventh and eighth graders. Okay. Now we had about 20,000 ninth graders.

So the bigger lady. What was her name, by the way? Oh, shoot.

Big one. Do you think we can get her on the phone? I do have her number, but it's under big one.

So I don't know. I'm not going to say, Hey, let's call her up. Let's call her up. Just as long as you feel comfortable asking for her name. I will do it. I'll tell you what, I'll introduce myself. I'll say you.

I'm on some radio show. Let's call her up. Let's see what we got. Hold on.

It's two two one two two nine two one nine two one six eight sixty eight sixty eight one thousand one thousand. Okay. We got it. Front slash big one. Front slash big one.

Got it. Okay. We're connect. Okay. Here we go. It's ringing.

Hello? Hey, I don't know if you all remember me.

If you remember me, it's live commies. Oh, you and I used to.

It's a strangle a little things.

Hello. Hello, ma'am. Ma'am. Hello. Hello. I'm Scott Aukerman from Comedy Bang Bang. Hello. How are you? To whom am I speaking?

Big one. Oh, that's a real name. Oh, my God. That's a real name.

That's a real name. Big one. Hello. How are you? I'm really, really good. Is everything all right there? You seem to be sort of choking.

Are you being strangled currently?

What's that now?

Your girth is strangling her from the inside.

Well, big one. It's been so nice chatting with you.

Great to catch up, boy. It's been years.

My pussy. No.

Nice to talk to you. All right. Hate to hang up on you.

We'll see you later. All right. Thanks. Bye.

We got away with hair on our chinny chin chin.

I think she was about seconds away from putting the phone up to her big old pussy.

Real rogues gallery. I tell you. Who worked out there and making.

Well, you know, you don't get a lot to choose from. It's a small county.

Well, it's one of the bigger counties in Georgia, but not a lot of people. You understand?

So you mean there's a lot of landmass, but not people?

Well, I don't know what you mean by that.

There goes a girl with three hands because she was holding things with her left to right and the one in the middle.

Okay. So she used her vagina to clasp things.

She had like a opposable.

Did she have opposable vulva lips?

Look, all I can tell you is by the end of it, she was writing. By the end of what? For a time with the school.

She was writing stuff with her. She was writing stuff. She had her, she was holding pens and pencils and stuff. She actually, she started as the pitcher for the women's softball team. Oh, that's wonderful. And she pitched with her pussy.

Okay, great. Fantastic. Well, Lyle, it's been so interesting getting to know you.

It's such a treat to meet a troubled soul such as yourself.

Well, I tell you what, I have a lot less trouble in my life thanks to pouring my heart and soul in this Sherburne.

I see a cool representation of the South these days.

So many times when you hear or you're watching a piece of media and you see a Southern character there, some sort of broad caricature. It's so nice to see someone like Lyle here who's just a nice normal guy who comes from a small town in the South or a large county with not a lot of people.

A town not unlike the ones we grew up in.

It's nice to see some Yankee cucks.

That's us?

Really? Y'all open your door to me.

I don't know why you got to call us cucks then.

I just want to say thank you from the bottom of my heart. I'll leave a tub with y'all.

What does that mean?

Tub of sherb.

Oh, thank you. Oh, yeah. Not the swirled kind though.

If you won't, if you won't swerve, I'll give you swerve.

No, we don't want the swirled. We want just a ratio. What flavor do you want?

I guess orange. Mandarin orange.

Mandarin orange. Yeah. Can you leave the Mandarin orange with us?

Sure. My pleasure.

Great.

My pleasure.

And this is frozen?

It's liquid form.

Okay. You don't have refrigeration?

I do wet sherb.

What?

You don't have refrigeration in the truck?

No.

Okay. Y'all can do it. Hey, beauty of America is when you buy sherbet, you can do whatever you want to.

This looks just like a tub of orange juice. It has pulp in it.

I don't know what you want. You want me to take it back?

I don't know. ratio, do you still want it?

Oh, is that like a green highlighter at the bottom of that?

Yeah. What's good? You have to put a highlighter in it.

Otherwise it goes bad.

You don't know much about sherbet.

I guess we'll try it.

Yeah. If you want it. I don't know that I'm going to partake.

You have to take the cap off the highlighter, put it in the tub. Otherwise it does go bad.

Okay. Yeah. I don't know.

All right. Well, in a highlighter that keeps sherbet fresh.

All right, Lyle. I don't know. Do you do any business? Does anyone buy anything from you?

It's slow. But last year I made, I netted in the green about $36 million.

$36 million?

But it's slow.

But you, but no.

It's slow.

You said this is less money than you got for, you know, sucking D all up and down the Carolina coast.

Yeah. Yeah.

And that was just covering your basic expenses. What are your expenses?

I have, I have a privately funded Marine Corps.

So a private army, what, what do they do for you?

Oh, they protect me. They protect me from the troubles of the world.

And I have this summer, I am launching my very own summer offensive in a small country of Italy.

It's not the smallest, I mean, it's not the biggest either.

I have to, first I'm just following the Allied invasion and I'm landed at Sicily.

Okay.

And I'm making my way up and I'm going to conquer Italy.

So you're invading Italy this summer with your own private, private mercenaries.

Yes, sir.

Okay. Well, good luck to you. I mean, you have a lot of money to do it.

Well, thank you.

You're welcome.

You're sweet, man.

You're quite welcome. Well, you know, we're running out of time here.

We only have one last thing to do on the show.

And that is of course, a little something called Plugs.

♪♪♪ Oh, very nice. Kind of a Weezer type feel.

That was Plug Me In by Brandon Carnes.

Although I have to say, if you have time for a guitar solo in your Plugs theme, it's probably a guitar solo too long.

Don't you think?

Damn.

Shit. Brandon, y'all got served.

And not the kind of serving that you do out there on the streets.

No, man, you got served with a whole stink of polish. Shit.

With a highlighter at the bottom.

Only to keep it fresh.

Yeah. All right, guys, what do we plug in here?

Horatio, do you have anything to plug?

Well, as you reminded me, Glow.

You forgot you were in Glow?

I guess you must have. What was it like working with the Glow Girls and Marc Maron?

Wonderful. The Glow Girls, they're really fun.

When you're shooting with them, you're actually watching them really wrestle all day, so it's kind of fun.

You were invited to watch them wrestle?

Yes. They didn't kick me out when they were wrestling.

Good.

And yeah, I know a lot of them. Kimmy and Rebecca. Those guys are all sweethearts. So yeah, it was good.

And always nice to see Mr. Maron. Good times.

You ever do his show?

I did. I have.

Traitor.

Sorry, man.

So, Glow, anything else? You ever going back to SNL?

There's talk of it. There's talk I'm going to come back and do Kim Jong-un.

Right.

So we're in negotiations all summer.

Great. Great. Yeah, we'll see if you close it.

Awesome.

I want to plug, go head on over to podswag.com to see new t-shirts in the store.

And you can always check out the Comedy Bang Bang TV show on Netflix.

Hopefully it'll be up for a while. I've received no news on when it will go to any other territory other than the US for seasons four and five.

I'm not in control of these things.

And Lyle, what do you want to plug?

Well, I...

Anything you like, by the way.

I'm assuming this is probably going to air after it, but you will have probably missed this group, Middle Edition Schwartz.

They're such a funny, such a funny crew.

And they're doing their show during Comic-Con.

Yeah, no, definitely not Comic-Con.

Comic-Con is already happening.

Already happened, yeah.

Well, you missed it.

Missed it.

And you're going to have to wait a long time now for the next season.

Silicon Valley is coming out. You're going to have to wait.

Wait, and you like Silicon Valley?

I love it.

There's a little dinger on there who's one of the main dinger dongers.

He's a real funny guy. He's got a big old nose, terrible teeth and eyes that look like they're going to fall out of his fucking head.

If someone were to just touch his shoulders too hard.

Just touch his shoulders, his eyes will pop out.

Bloop the Raoul Julia. His eyes come right out.

Turn into sludge.

Zach Woods is a friend of mine.

Raoul Julia?

Zach Woods.

Oh, Zach Woods. Oh, sorry.

Raoul Julia was a friend of mine.

He was, yeah.

And boy, I tell you, when it comes out, you got to keep your eyes out for Godzilla 2, King of the Monsters.

Oh, yeah, okay. Is that...

I mean, that's ages away.

That's, oh, so long from now, yeah.

Yeah, yeah. And if you are considering a change in your telecommunications service provider.

I hear that Verizon, is that the one that's the good one or is it Sprint? I can't remember.

Some guy who just will not get off my damn TV set.

Same old eye bulger as the Silicon Valley.

Yeah. It's also when like you're playing a game online, like Words with Friends or something.

It's also like constantly comes up there.

And now if you go to a movie theater.

Oh, God. You can't escape it.

Yeah, sometimes you just want to tear your own mind out.

I hope he was well compensated for that because it's ruining his career in my opinion.

I agree. It's something that keeps me up at night just on his behalf.

Okay, well, let's close up the whole plug bag.

Whoa, what a bag. It's time to open it.

It's time to open it.

It's time to open the bag.

Time to open the bag.

Hératio, that's you.

Yeah?

Yeah.

I love that. I did that.

Yeah, you did that. Yes, you, me, and the aforementioned Ben Schwartz.

All right. Well, Lyle, I want to thank you so much for coming here and just gracing us with your presence and continued success to you.

Thank you, man.

And as far as the invasion of Italy goes, you know.

There's open.

Yeah. I mean, would you, I mean, I guess you would get the Vatican and all that kind of stuff too?

I'm going to claim it for America.

Yeah.

Will you take that?

Oh, so you're doing it for America, not for yourself.

Well, I will sell it.

Sell it to America.

I ain't going to give it.

Yeah, I'm going to, I got to make money off of that.

So that'll be sort of like a territory, like the Virgin Islands for us or something?

Hey, man, however y'all want to work out the deal, you can leave it to, you can leave it to old D.T.

Yeah, so this is quite an investment for you.

Part of the deal.

Oh, OK. Great.

And Horatio, always great to see you.

Likewise, my friend.

Wait, we're getting, we're getting another phone call.

Oh, maybe this is Peppers.

Hello?

Comedy Bang Bang.

Hey, this is Peppers.

Oh, Peppers.

We were just about to finish the show.

I just was going to say it was a pleasure being on there.

Yeah.

And also, please, please donate to the wall.

I guess that's my plug.

OK, well, plugs are over.

Yeah, I'm sorry you missed them.

Oh, I'm sorry.

All right, never mind.

Well, thank you.

Good seeing y'all.

Yeah.

Do you have any last words of wisdom, something that you impart to your students, perhaps?

Just, you know, we have a lot of naive young minds who listen to this impressionable youths, I guess, listen to this program.

Any advice for them?

When in doubt, choke them out.

OK, great.

Thanks, Peppers.

You're a dear.

All right.

Bye bye.

You want to do your final laugh?

All right.

Bye, Peppers.

Thanks.

And we'll see you later.

Bye.

Thanks.

Bye.

OK, bye bye.

See you next week.

Bye bye bye bye.

Bye bye bye.

Bye bye.

you Thank you.
