♪ Kenny Rogers has great broadband, otherwise it'd be...

It'd have been...

See, that's wrong. That's written wrong.

That's not my fault.

It'd have been islands buffering in the stream.

Is that correct? It had have been? No.

It would have been.

Is it'd a contraction for it would?

Is that okay? It would?

No, that's got to be...

There's no contraction for it would.

It'd have been?

It'd have been.

I guess you're right.

The way you just said it sounds right.

It'd have been.

That should be illegal.

Elsewise, it'd have been.

It'd have been.

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

No thank you to Side of McG.

Not one of your best for that catchphrase submission.

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang for another week.

And Side of McG, back to the old drawing board.

I assume you draw these.

You do storyboards for these catchphrases.

Welcome to the show.

And Comedy Bang Bang another week.

And in the books.

We're in the middle of July.

And speaking of the middle, my middle name is David.

But you know me more by my first and last, Scott Aukerman.

Welcome to the show.

We have a fantastic show today.

We're doing a full episode with no one other than our first and only guest.

She is a returning champion here upon the show.

She's been with us nigh upon five years or so appearing on this program.

Sporadically, of course.

Well, I space it out.

Yeah, because it's hard to find the time in my schedule to be on this show.

What's going on in your schedule, by the way?

I've noticed a lot of difficulties.

What's happening?

Well, I mean, I tour a lot.

And then when I'm home, I just don't want to see you.

So it's pure desire.

Yeah, yeah.

It's like that's when I say schedule.

It's dictated by kind of our interpersonal relationship.

I am not going to take that as an insult.

How's that sound?

No, it's not.

I mean, sometimes you just need to be alone and...

And not seeing me.

Yeah, that's what I mean.

Yes.

Everybody else.

You know her as a standup comedian who apparently tours a lot.

And when she's not touring, has no interest in seeing me.

Please welcome back to the show Cameron Esposito.

Welcome back to the show!

Thank you so much.

Gosh, it's just really nice to be here, Scott.

Cam.

Is it okay to call you that?

Yeah, you know, my closest friends do.

So, no.

All right, Cameron.

A lot of slams on you.

I am starting so aggressive.

I don't know where it's coming from.

Yeah, I'm not sure what's going on.

This is not real.

You're like the new Andrew Dice Clay or something.

I am, I'm so mean, plus I wear leather jackets.

Yeah.

That's my same thing.

We're the same guy.

Here, complete the sentence.

Hickory dickory dock.

Who... where... my hands are my cock.

Your hands are your cock?

That was funny.

Who are you?

Edward Penisands?

That was really funny.

I have seen that movie.

Have you seen that movie?

Oh, a classic.

That was actually the first porn I ever watched.

That was the first one?

What was your impression of it?

Well, I was... so I was visiting my sister in college.

Did you think that men had cocks for hands since then?

Well, I mean, straight up, extremely confusing.

Young lesbian.

If you're watching it as a sexual teaching guide...

Right.

I mean, no.

It didn't have...

I mean, I had no sex ed prior to that, then that's the sex ed I got.

And so, yeah, I've been terrified ever since of like handshakes or high fives or kind of anything.

Here, just shake my hand here.

We'll see how it goes.

Right.

I was with my sis...

Oh, oh!

Oh, God!

Sorry for the mess.

This is what I want to see.

No, I went to see my sister in college and that's what they were all hanging out doing, my sister and all of her friends.

What?

Did your sister initiate this or...

My older sister, this is what she felt was appropriate for her younger sibling.

At the time, I was very religious.

Was she into Edward Scissorhands?

I think that they just thought, much like you and I, that it would be so funny if there was a guy with penis...

It is true.

... with penises for hands.

Like, what a funny thing that would do.

Wait, he did...

Let me clarify.

Yeah.

He had one penis per hand.

He had one penis per hand?

He did not have multiple penises per hand.

Let me...

Are you sure?

I am fairly certain that...

When I remember it in my mind...

... he did not have four...

... four penises per hand.

... four penises per hand plus an opposable penis.

That's what I remember in my...

I believe he had just two giant...

I don't know what other word to say, but schlongs.

Well, then that doesn't look anything like the original character of Edward Scissorhands.

That's true.

That is a good point because what did he have?

Did he have...

Wait, he didn't have five pair of scissors.

One for each finger.

No, no, he did.

He did because he had...

What?

Well, each pair...

Each scissor has, you know, two knives.

Wait, so he had two...

Each scissor has two...

... two knives.

I gotta get a picture Edward...

... bring up a picture of Edward Scissorhands and a picture of Edward Penisands.

So he had...

We're gonna get to the bottom of this.

... and then he had like one on his thumb.

So he had like...

What?

Like, you know how he was making this noise?

Yeah, when he...

That's because he...

... while he cut at things, yeah.

Cut it.

That was because the scissors were closing.

Because he had...

Okay, now...

Are you thinking in your mind that Edward Scissorhands has just two giant scissorhands?

No, no.

Unlike Edward Penisands, he did not have just two giant things.

Yeah, yeah.

You're right.

If there's two blades per pair of scissors...

Yep.

... then what's the extra one?

Does he have a thumb?

He just had one extra...

He just had one extra blade?

Yeah, that's what I remember in my mind.

Okay, we're gonna get to the bottom.

What do we have, engineer Cody Brett?

I think this is totally right.

What do we have here?

Do we have...

I'm sorry to...

I don't even know if the...

Okay, this is Edward Scissorhands.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

He's got...

Apparently, he's got...

Yeah.

I've seen five.

Every finger is a blade and it looks as if...

Yeah, you're right.

He's got the thumb, it happens to be its own blade.

Now, are we able to access through whatever firewalls we have here?

There may be some sort of blocker that will make sure that you can't access these sites, but I would...

I'll just pull up the photo that's saved in my phone.

Yeah, of just a blurry 12-inch TV screen?

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

I took it with an actual camera back in the day and then I had it processed.

Oh, okay, disposable.

Yeah, I took it with a disposable camera.

You took it to the save on?

Had it developed.

Carol, excuse me, sir.

And then the guy at the counter was like, can I give you some feedback?

Look, I have nothing in the rest of this roll.

Because this should be five penises per hand.

And I was like, no, I know.

Okay, Engineer Cody Brett...

Oh, God, he's eating spaghetti?

Wait, let me see.

Wait a minute.

What the fuck is...

Oh my God, that's what it was?

No, this is not in the movie.

That's not it.

This can't be in the movie.

I am gonna throw up.

Okay, Engineer Brett just showed us a picture of Edward Penishands, ostensibly Edward Penishands, eating spaghetti?

I don't think that's who that is.

I don't think that's what that is.

I don't think that appeared in the movie.

That is not in the movie.

He's basically putting two giant penises together to pick up spaghetti.

I've never been more disgusted in my life.

On show or off show.

Does he not have one friend?

Here's what I'm saying.

Look, we all have our stuff.

We're going in the world, we need help.

Yes, we all have our thing.

We get by with a little help from our friends.

Yes, exactly.

If you have two giant penises...

Don't you enlist the assistance of a good buddy?

To do like a twirl?

I mean, honestly, straight up, just the idea of trying to eat spaghetti.

Go talk to your friend Edward Fork and Spoon Hands, you know, to get a real nice roll on the pasta.

That's true.

That was the only picture of Edward Penishands that we have?

This is insane.

There is no information regarding Edward Penishands on the internet?

Did you do a Google image search?

Of course you did.

What am I saying?

That's the first thing you would do.

All right, well, he's gonna be on here like Angelina Jolie and hackers, I think, just searching...

You're going to a public phone and then somehow using that to hack into something?

Yeah, I believe so.

Through like a means that you're not quite sure.

I believe that you saw this film with you paying way more attention to detail than I have.

Oh, I was paying attention to a lot of details.

Oh, I bet you were.

A lot of them were...

What kind of boots was she wearing?

I wasn't paying attention to what she was wearing.

Okay, you know what I mean?

What the hell?

Oh, wow.

I'll high five you.

Oh, God.

Early Angelina Jolie.

Okay, we're getting another...

Can we just take a moment?

We're getting another picture.

Wait, why didn't you show me?

I'm so untoward.

Yeah, but just one giant one per hand.

I'm so sorry, but that's what we have right there.

Here's what I'm learning.

That looks exactly like what we just saw in the spaghetti picture.

In the spaghetti picture, but mine is spaghetti plus a naked woman.

So that leads me to believe that that is a part of the film.

That he eats spaghetti?

Although I guess if I were making that film, I would probably in my head go, what if he were to eat spaghetti?

That's one of the challenges Edward Penis Hands must have.

It was not covered in Edward Scissorhands, was it?

The spaghetti incident, as Gunson Rose once said.

Now, what do you mean by covered in Edward Scissorhands?

I believe that was...

Can you imagine being covered in Edward Scissorhands?

Actually, he might have had a hard time eating because I feel like that was maybe a part of it where he...

But not spaghetti because if you were to cut up spaghetti, then you have just basically what children have, which is...

It's spaghetti-ous.

It's delicious.

Yeah.

I don't know.

Maybe there was another food that does not want to be cut up.

But what food doesn't want to be cut up?

Every food wants to be smaller.

Is that a raisin?

Like you can't cut a raisin.

You can't cut a raisin.

That's a good point.

Well, welcome back to Comedy Bang Bang, the show where we try to figure out a 30-year-old porn movie.

How many people do you think have seen that film?

Edward Penis Hands?

I think it's one of the...

In our circle of friends and people we know.

I would say...

I think the stars are aligned.

Oh, wait.

Okay.

Engineer Brett has come up with a Edward Scissorhands...

I fucking knew it.

He's trying to eat peas.

And he's trying to grasp them betwixt two blades.

Oh my God.

It's tough because I really loved this film with that whoopsie-daisy.

That guy...

Can't he stab the pea?

That guy has to go away now.

That actor.

He has to go bye-bye.

Well, here's my opinion on the troubles that actors get into.

I think that everything up to when we find out is okay to watch.

Still okay to watch.

It can be in your heart?

Yeah, it can still be in your heart.

Until we find out, we're still able to watch whatever because that was then...

Or maybe should it be until you think they committed the crime?

So Michael Jackson up to Dangerous is still okay?

I don't know.

Oh my God.

I almost just flipped back in my chair.

You almost did a backflip.

I know, I did.

It would have been amazing if suddenly we were doing a show.

I mentioned Michael Jackson Dangerous.

Cameron does a backflip.

Right, exactly.

But then I lean very far back, but I don't fully flip.

And it's because I have my shoes in patented shoes that keep me upright even though I've leaned back.

And that's a Michael Jackson reference.

Yeah.

Annie, are you okay?

Do you think he was really concerned about Annie?

Was he just asking because he knew that was what a boyfriend should ask?

I mean, I don't know.

Annie was the name of the doll that we learned to do CPR on.

Oh really?

Yeah.

Was it based on Little Orphan Annie?

Wouldn't that have been weird?

I don't know, but I do remember that you have to...

I mean, maybe that's what that's from?

Yeah, Recessa Annie.

Recessa Annie is the...

Oh, okay.

But the first thing you have to go is, are you okay?

I think that might be what that's from.

Whoa!

And then you have to do a finger sweep, clean out their...

Well, I've never thought...

So that is an actual reference of he's about to give CPR on someone?

That's what I've always thought.

It must be true.

Wow.

I thought he was a smooth criminal who's able to get away from situations.

Is this like the end of one of those heist movies where it's like, oh man, I can either leave this person I care about to get captured by the cops or to die?

No, I'm going to stay and be captured by the cops.

The smoothest criminal doesn't have to run away because they're going to stay, save their friend and still make it.

Well, we'll talk to our friend Al A. Peterson about this at some point, I would imagine.

Maybe he has some sort of...

He's the smooth criminal.

I don't know if you've ever heard the show when he's been on, but...

I don't listen to this podcast.

I get it.

There's not a lot of things that are of interest in your life.

I mean, well, like what are your...

Let's run down your interests.

I like walking around.

Well, we don't walk around on this show.

It's pretty much where stationary.

I love to walk around.

I like...

You've got to come up with something better.

I like a lot of lesbian stuff.

Music.

Well, we have one on right now.

That's for lesbians.

So I will listen to this episode.

I like the movie Carol, the book Carol.

Yeah, Christmas Carol.

Originally, The Price of Salt. And I like the audiobook for Carol.

I also like the audiobook for Call Me By Your Name, and then the movie Call Me By Your Name.

And I also like Gia, starring a young...

Young Angelina Jolie.

Angelina Jolie.

Well, what do you think of the soundtrack to Call Me By Your Name?

It's a good soundtrack, yeah.

I wonder why there's not more name calling during it.

You know?

It's like occasionally in between songs, it would be like, hey, Joe.

I will say that...

Was that their name in Call Me By Your Name?

One of them had to be called Joe.

Their name is both Joe, which is actually...

What's nice about that is it's really reflective of the queer experience.

Is that like...

I definitely know multiple couples that are like...

J-O-E or just J-O.

Sorry.

Like, I'm Kate.

This is Kate.

C and a K.

C and a K?

What?

Yeah, like one's Kate with a C, one's with a K with a K.

Oh, oh, I thought you were saying see you in a K. Which I was like, is a K a minute now?

Because I thought it was a thousand.

See you in a...

Kill a lesbian.

Which is how we...

Oh, my...

No, we don't want to get into that.

That sounded wrong, didn't it?

That sounds very wrong.

That is not something that we...

So you should not be listening to the show if something like that is said.

There's enough of that in Hollywood.

Am I right?

Oh, my goodness.

Speaking of which, speaking of Hollywood, we have Cameron on because she has a new Hollywood project.

It's a big Hollywood project.

Yeah.

So, like a massive budget.

No, you have a new special out, which we want to talk about.

And people can watch it currently and people can see it.

They can both watch it and see it.

They can listen to it as well.

It's an auditory experience.

Tell us about it.

What do we have?

Yeah, so I made this special.

It's called Rape Jokes and that's deliberately incendiary.

I understand.

It's an hour about sexual assault from my perspective as a survivor.

And a bunch of folks got together, donated their time and we're using it to raise money for RAINN, which is the nation's largest anti-sexual violence organization.

So we've raised...

What does RAINN stand for, by the way?

Oh, it's the Rape and Abuse Incest National Network.

Wow.

Good job, Esposito.

So it's like two A's, RAINN and two N's?

No, it's two N's.

Yeah.

Two N's.

Okay.

Well, you said and abuse.

Well, I think that and is...

The and is silent?

I think the and is...

R ampersand A-I-N-N.

Look, we're joking around about this, but it's a very serious organization.

No, well, they do great work.

And I think they would also be fine with us joking around about their name.

Sure.

Life isn't all sadness and Edward Penisands.

Well, that's kind of the point of why I wanted to do this special is because this is one of those topics that for so long has been approached like, well, can we even talk about this?

When I hear about rape jokes, I often think that something that is covered, the only thing that's covered is like some dude, you know dudes.

Some dude.

You ever met a dude?

Yes.

And I'm like, oh, I can't even say any jokes.

Everybody's so mean to me.

I try to tell a terrible joke that was very mean.

I had no punchline.

It wasn't funny.

And I worked it out only once by yelling it at a woman in the audience.

And then she had a bad reaction.

So I'm being censored and I can't get anything in this town.

Money is falling on his head while he's saying all this.

Making it rain.

God, I can't.

I'm so upset right now.

Oh, fine.

I'll do a special for you.

Netflix slash Comedy Central at the same time.

You know, like, you know how that happens.

And I watched this last night.

It's a very funny special.

So don't think that it's a...

I'm waiting for you to thank me for watching it last night.

Thank you for watching it last night.

I'm an incredibly talented standup comic.

And it's a very good special.

And I also think that for me, what I wanted to do was kind of prove that like, this is something we should talk about.

We should talk about all topics.

Just like if you're going to talk about something that has affected a lot of people in the audience, some other people in the lineup perhaps, why don't you try to be good at it?

That would be my challenge to other comics.

And I guess what I'm trying to say is a very funny special.

It's not like a bum out special.

It's not a lecture.

Although in a way, isn't anyone standing up in front of people like really when you think about a lecture?

Standup comedy is lectures, isn't it?

I think of it like preaching, you know, like it's like, you're a priest because you're close to God.

And you have a choir.

Yeah, exactly.

Behind you.

Wouldn't that be insane if you did this whole special about rape jokes?

Honestly.

And then suddenly like the Sister Act choir was...

Why didn't I do that?

Because Jonah Ray produced it instead of me.

It's the next time I have a special.

It's really funny.

And it's been really well received.

Here's the thing.

You can watch it for free on my website.

You watch it for free.

And what is your website?

Is this google.com?

It's camera.nespazito.com.

That's better.

Yeah, camera.nespazito.com.

It's just up there.

You can just press play.

You can watch it for free.

There's no paywall.

You don't have to sign up for any subscriptions or anything like that.

How come I had to download it?

Like I know that like someone sent it to me so I could watch it.

And like I assumed, see, I assumed like, oh, I got to download this thing.

So I waited like 10 minutes for it to download.

I had no idea.

I could just go on your website.

Like you, the audience, I'm speaking to you now, you will have a easier time watching it.

Somebody has made a mistake.

Yeah.

No, I thought I was like, oh good.

I don't have to pay for this or access it or whatever.

So here's the cool thing.

If you want, you can donate.

There's a donate button.

You can donate after watching it.

That's why I didn't go to the website.

Yeah.

So I'm going to donate button.

And so far, I think, I think we're at the, I think we're in the 60 K range.

And my total goal is 60 minutes.

Is K stand for minutes?

This is for kill a lesbian.

No, we're at like 60 grand.

That's incredible.

And my goal is a hundred and all of that will be donated.

So like I'm not making money on it.

So the goal is a hundred.

Do you stop at a hundred?

Like when it gets up to a hundred and everything above that is goes to you.

When it gets to be a hundred, then I'm going to throw it into the wind.

I'm going to give it to a man.

That's what I mean.

Honestly, if I could think about like, who needs money.

I don't know what happens when we get to a hundred.

I mean, I think I will continue to accept donations and eventually, hopefully it will be available.

Not hopefully it will be available in audio formats as well.

So folks can just keep buying it and donating.

And this is great.

Even if you don't want to watch the special and go, what the fuck is wrong with you?

If that's the case, like you're mentally insane.

Yeah.

I mean, you, well, here's some sort of Edward penis hands.

He just walks around spaghetti.

You can't, you can't watch a special.

You guys so much spaghetti in your face.

We should be, we should account for that.

We're penis ads out there who have spaghetti in their face.

They can't watch this special.

They can donate.

They, I mean, look, anyone can click a button on a computer to donate.

Even if you don't have scissors for hands or if you have just one long, you have a penis for hand, I'm sure that you have larger keys on your keyboard and accommodate for that and pushing that button will feel already know that it will feel good to you.

I'm really glad this is the lead into this.

I apologize for this entire segment.

And you know, that's, that's the world that we live in.

But I want to say also, another thing that's been really rad is hearing from a lot of survivors about how much they liked the special.

And then also hearing from a lot of folks that are just like dudes or women or non-binary folks that are like interested in trying to figure out how to be a better ally.

So like, it's super funny, but I also hope that it should give you some information and um, you have to know you have to know English.

That's that's one thing though.

Spanish subtitles.

Oh, I don't have them yet.

Okay.

That's good.

Okay.

Good to know.

But we do have this point you have to know English or you have to quickly download.

You have to pause everything program, learn English.

That's a way to do it or have a friend who speaks your language and a buddy.

And you pause it every 20 seconds or so.

And the person explains what's happening.

This is Cameron Esposito.

She's a standup.

No, I know that you covered this at the beginning.

This is a good way to watch comedy also is through recaps.

What she has explained here is, and then at the end there was this part.

Is recap short for something?

Re-encapsulation is it?

I bet it is.

Yeah.

I think you got it.

That's so much better.

Recap.

It's so much better.

Like how long into saying re-encapsulation do you think someone said, let's just say recap?

I don't know.

I mean, I don't know the history.

It was probably literally an hour.

I mean, so to recap.

Much better.

Let's continue saying that.

Well, this is great, Cameron.

People should go to Cameron Esposito.com.

You got the dot com?

I got the dot com.

I actually have all of them.

You have all of them.

Well, because for a brief period of time in my twenties, I didn't maintain my website and I just like, it expired.

And then someone from Eastern Europe bought Cameron Esposito.com and used it to sell protein powder, but kept my same bio up.

So it just said like, it was coming from you.

This is literally what it said.

It just said like, Cameron Esposito is like a young up and coming comic from Chicago.

You know her from like open mics or like one time she was booked in Portland.

Also like if you want to get big, like if you want to get like big, like if you want to put on a wave, click here, this is what Cameron uses.

So what is going on in this gentleman?

I'm assuming it's a gentleman.

I don't know.

I had to cunning and guile to pull off this kind of heist.

I mean, also this is very, I, here's a tip for your listeners.

Don't let your website lapse because there is no like internet police.

No one will save you.

Not that the police are so great, but um, there is no, so you just, you, we had, I had to go through like a web lawyer.

What's it called?

And like send letters to some random IP address.

Oh my gosh.

But in the meantime, I just bought, um, I think all the protein powder, I think it was the real Cameron Esposito dot com.

Oh, do you still have that one?

I've got fucking all of them.

I've got all the real Cameron Esposito dot coms.

I've got all the Cameron Esposito dot coms.

It all go straight to where you need to be, which is to watch this special donate to rain.

And when you said, here's a tip for you, I thought you were going to show me the picture of it.

I thought you were going to Rick roll me.

Um, well this is incredible.

Make sure that you can go do this and do this immediately.

And uh, well I think I'm going to take off.

Okay, great.

Oh, it was a short show, but yeah, you know, 25 minutes.

Oh wait.

They don't all have to be over an hour.

I mean, that's the beauty of the internet.

Of course.

That's what I, that's why I do it.

Jesus Christ.

Oh my God.

Is y'all safe?

Am I what?

Who are you?

Is y'all safe?

I Scott, you know, this is, wait, let me rub my eyes.

Why spaghetti in his eyes?

Oh my God.

It's JW Stillwater.

That's right.

The vigilante crime fighting hero.

I mean, Eddie Lee capers of course.

Hold on.

Is it?

No, don't.

That is my civilian alter ego.

I'm hearing my guys as my crime.

I'm sorry.

You are wearing the mask.

I don't even know if I would know what you look like without the mask.

Hold up, hold up, son.

You didn't answer my question.

Is y'all safe?

I'm safe.

I feel really safe.

Thank you for asking dad.

Thank you for the verbal confirmation.

I actually do know what he looks like with the mascot with the mask off.

The mascot?

I thought you were the mascot.

I was the mascot.

You're right.

She's seen a picture of us together.

Yeah.

Um, I've seen no, I know what he looks like with the mask off.

Really?

It's another mask.

He's got another mask under there.

Under the tattoo.

If you can get that deep, there's just like a beauty mask.

Please don't.

Like an anti-Asian mask.

Please don't.

So under your hypodermis.

Carve up my skin.

In a seven type situation.

Like a subdermal.

Yeah, like a subdermal anti-Asian.

Please don't carve up my skin.

I'm not a, I'm not a, some kind of.

If there's one thing you can say to the listeners out there.

Please.

Y'all, if y'all are within the sound of my voice, don't carve up my skin.

I'm, I'm not like one of these foods that likes to be cut up.

No, you're not like one of these gentlemen who goes to Germany in order to have his penis cut off.

That's wild that you mentioned, we were just talking about how like a lot of foods, well, Scott was saying that a lot of foods just want to be tiny.

Not raisins.

You know, I said that because that's what you taught me.

I taught, I taught caramel.

Raisins do not want to be tiny.

They are quite small enough.

Thank you very much.

What about capers?

Capers wish they could be so microscopic.

Are you talking about yourself?

Eddie Lee?

Capers?

Please stop saying my real name.

I'm so sorry.

I'm just wondering, you know, no, I do.

I have no wish to be macroscopic.

Did you see Ant Man?

What did there's, I mean, you're in the vigilante game.

I would think you'd be off there seeing films from the Marvel universe and beyond in order to get tips.

Y'all talking about Hollywood films, Hollywood films.

No thank you.

I was telling you about this other night when you like, I came home and you were like, where were you?

Where did, where did y'all go?

And then I was telling you about it.

She does a little impression.

And then you were covering your, yeah, you said, no, no, you know, don't no more please.

Was that for spoilers or just, he doesn't want Hollywood to infect him.

I do not want to hear about movies or any kind of Hollywood stuff.

It's sinful.

So Eddie, you've never seen a movie before?

I've never seen a movie.

And if I ever said on this program that I have seen a movie, I was lying.

Why?

Why would you do that?

To keep you complacent.

Cause y'all Hollywood filth.

When you're in your JW Stillwater guys and you lie, which you are right now, and you lie, is that you lying or is, or is, can you commit any sin as long as you're dressed like this?

A vigilante is already bending the rules.

And so when I am in my guys of JW Stillwater, vigilante crime fighting hero, rules get bent.

And so that means sometimes I tell them mistruth.

Okay.

But that's fair game.

It's not against the 10 commandments.

All is fair in game and the commandments.

All is fair and game in the command.

That's what I said.

Okay.

What were you raised with no faith?

Were you raised with no faith son?

I don't know what you guys are both talking about at this point, but look, let me, let me just explain for the newer listeners who you are.

We haven't seen you in two years.

I believe that can't be true.

I believe it may be true.

Two years or so.

Yeah.

You a JW Stillwater here is a, you're, you're a vigilante crime fighting hero from Cumberbatch County, Florida.

And you, in your civilian guys as Eddie Lee Capers, I don't know why we need to talk about that, but I'm a fan boat mechanic.

You relocated here to Los Angeles when you adopted, uh, uh, uh, caramel here has become my ward.

Yup.

And he lives in a, um, little sink that's shaped like seashell.

Oh, I did not know that.

Yeah.

So, oh, we've talked about it on the show before.

Is that especially made?

No, it came with the apartment.

It's just a one bed.

Oh, okay.

It's just a one bed.

So I mean, I'm, we're, we're really close, but also he's my dad.

So it's like, if you're the dad, you're not going to be like, get out of the bedroom.

I want the bedroom.

You can sleep in the sink.

I'm staying with my, uh, uh, uh, my adopted daughter and her wife and, uh, very well, but you know, she's a wonderful person.

I mean, you know, it's just a different choice than, than perhaps you would make of being raised the way you were raised.

Oh, so you believe it's a choice too?

When I say choice, we're finally on the same page.

No.

When I say, I'm glad that you know, when I say choice, I mean, choosing to sin or not to see no, it's not a sin.

Okay.

Good.

I mean, I finally got to you.

No, what I mean is choosing to act upon natural urges.

This is great.

It's on the record.

I think we could all get on the same page.

I mean, it was a choice.

Like who I was with was a choice.

That's what I'm trying to say.

That's choosing.

Oh, that's what you're trying to say.

Just you weren't forced to be with Rhea.

You chose Rhea is what I'm trying to say.

I was a bit forced by Rhea's unbelievable charm.

Okay.

I feel like we're just playing around with words right now.

That was fun.

This is like a Batman, the ride.

So there you go.

That is the, it's just like, have you met Rhea?

That is your re-encapsulation.

I have to meet her, by the way.

She's only done the show via Skype.

So you adopted, you came out here through the Panama Canal.

That's right.

I traveled by fan boat.

And you pulled up in Marina del Rey.

That's right.

You said, I'm here.

That's right.

And you guys have been living together.

What have you been up to for the past couple of years?

This is a, it's incredible to see you.

Well.

I was learning how to fight a lot of crime and I was, you know, on the road doing standup and sometimes, you know, if dad was watching the apartment or whatever, and then we would kind of communicate long distance about my training, but then that stopped working.

So really dad's been like kind of traveling with me a lot.

Oh, okay.

To do gigs and stuff.

It's like, wow, wait, are you opening?

Well, I'm doing security.

You're like the doorman.

So I go out there first before the crowd, I warm up the crowd a little bit.

I'm like, Hey, how's it looking out there?

Is y'all safe?

Yeah.

And what is the normal answer?

I get a verbal, well, first there's a confused silence.

Then I will get a verbal confirmation from every single person.

Every single person.

Oh my gosh.

That's right.

Okay.

That's how I know they're safe.

Okay.

And so how long does this take this part of the show?

Uh, depends on the size of the house.

Sometimes it can go on for quite a while.

I mean, I am, you know, you know, just giant theaters, you know what I mean?

A couple of thousands.

So it's, it does take a minute, but it's nice because as a comic, you know, you want to make sure that you're not only safe, but you also want to make sure that literally no one else is speaking or ever doing anything on their phone.

So dad also kind of takes everybody's phones and you take all their phones.

Do you give them back?

I take all if they're good, if they behave themselves.

Okay.

It sort of gives each, each audience member talking to that also adds time says you better laugh and kind of previews the jokes a little bit.

Okay.

Like test waters and then punchline.

You're going to hear, I go through the audience with a transcript of caramel's material.

Okay.

Yep.

I read it aloud to each and every audience member.

I say, these are the types of jokes you can expect word for word.

And then you get some feedback from the audience about what they laughed about, which is useful for you.

Then I say, give me your phone.

Then we'll get the phone and then, uh, also any download their personal information.

We'll get that.

We'll get the gum confiscate gum.

What about hard candies within rappers?

I'll take the hard candies and the rappers.

I'll take all the fidget spinners.

How many fidget spinners are you collecting per night?

Not as many now.

Yeah.

It's a couple of years ago.

It's dwindled.

Yeah.

Uh, I got a few, uh, what do they call those little handheld games?

Like a Tamagotchi?

Like Calico football.

You got a lot of Nintendo's?

No, something from like this year.

Well, they still sell Nintendo's.

Uh, Nintendo's switch.

Switch.

That's what I'm thinking.

Okay.

You're thinking of the switch.

That's what I'm thinking.

Okay.

You weren't thinking of like paddle balls with like the balls attached to the paddles via rubber band.

I won't lie.

I think about them a lot.

Or sometimes people in the audience will just have jacks.

That I don't mind.

Jacks is a nice quiet game.

I can only imagine that inside your brain, if we were, if, if like in a cartoon, we were, your, your face would disappear or the side of your head would disappear.

We would just see like a paddle ball just going bong, bong, bong, bong.

Cartoons are these, you know, like you see inside someone's brains.

Surgery cartoons?

Not surgery.

No.

Well, what if it, so you've been going out on the road.

Have you been doing anything for fun around here in Los Angeles?

What's happening around in Los Angeles?

Well, I like to go to church.

Of course.

Yeah.

On Sundays or?

I'll go any old time.

Our church has a pool also, which is nice because it's so hot.

Is that just for the baptism?

Well, yes, you know, it is.

But if you're a good enough person, they know that you've repented enough.

They go, eh, take a dip.

I gotta say, this is not a bad idea for churches because I mean, you know, growing up and going to church, it's always a drag, but if they had a pool that it was like, come on by on Sundays, we'll do a service afterwards.

Go hop in the pool.

More people would go.

Too bad all they offer is eternal salvation.

Right, right, right.

No, I should be more specific because it's like a font.

It's a baptismal font.

It's not, it's not like a full pool.

When you say fonts, we're not talking about like Comic Sans.

It is Comic Sans.

It says on it baptismal font and Comic Sans.

Right.

When you say font, I say baptism font.

Wait, I thought I said font and you said baptism.

Well, guys, thanks for coming by.

I know Cameron, you said you had to go.

Oh yeah, no, I mean.

I gotta go too.

No, wait, wait.

Oh, wait, wait, wait.

I forgot the reason I'm here.

Oh yeah.

Why are you here?

We didn't expect you JW.

No, you never expect me, but I always will appear.

Crime never sleeps.

Crime never sleeps, neither does money.

Oh, money does not sleep.

Neither does rust.

These are the three things that never sleep.

Crime, money, rust.

Money, rust.

Coffee.

Point, blood hand.

If there's a fourth one.

So what is your purpose for coming here?

Well, Caramel and I, the other night, we attended the theater.

Oh, okay.

Couldn't be more true.

We went to a place called Universal Studios and we saw a play there.

Was it the Blues Brothers' stunt show?

The Who's What?

Wait, did the Blues Brothers do a stunt show there?

Blues Brothers stunt show.

They actually did.

That would be pretty good.

I think they just do a show, but I may be conflating it with a different stunt show.

Well, they're driving a car.

That's a stunt.

That's a stunt right there.

If you're an actor.

Yeah, that's true.

Is it a picture car?

It's probably a picture car.

Okay.

To re-encapsulate, Caramel and I attended the theater last night.

We went to a theater called Universal Studios Hollywood and we saw a wonderful play called the Waterworld Stunt Show.

The Waterworld, okay.

I had never seen a play like this in my life.

What was your favorite part?

I like when, I like anytime anybody fell from a great height into water.

Their arms were going, whoa, whoa, whoa.

I've seen this.

It happens quite often in this.

But of course the best part was the fan boat.

Oh my God.

When that fan boat came out.

Was that a surprise to you or was it what interested you in going to this?

I had no idea.

Oh, the whole thing was a surprise.

Certainly.

I was hoping there'd be a fan boat.

Caramel surprised me.

Yeah.

Oh, okay.

How nice, Cameron.

Well, he's been doing a lot of work.

He's been doing a lot of work with me on the road and really training me.

And so I just felt like I had to repay that in some way by, and I paid it, I repaid in like a really great way.

You paid it forward.

In spades.

Yeah.

You k-paxed it and paid it forward.

Certainly.

You shipping newsed it.

We can't talk about, we can talk about him up till baby driver, right?

Oh my God.

He's okay, right?

We didn't even, but, uh, we can still enjoy k-pax.

Can't we?

I mean, please tell me we can as much as we ever did.

Is that a talking heads lyric?

Huh?

Okay.

So you were, you were watching.

I wasn't thralled.

Yeah.

Watching this play.

Now this is a thing.

Let me tell the listeners exactly if you haven't had the opportunity to come out here to universal studios, Hollywood theater, which by the way, I've been there and it's not in Hollywood.

It's in the Valley.

So uh, you know, Hollywood, Hollywood trickery.

Yep.

Already lying.

It's in North Hollywood.

Well, it's actually universal city.

Enjoy your GPS in hell.

They all have their own, uh, fire department there.

Universal city, by the way, they all do.

They all do.

Everyone of the citizens.

Does anyone, do you think anyone actually lives there?

More wasteful tax, tax money.

This is ridiculous.

This country is going to hell.

I wonder if the fire department ever gets called to water world.

Do you think like, no, I bet they're just like, probably not.

Fire a water world.

Guess what?

Well, splash it.

Splash some of it.

Yeah.

That reminds me of the game.

Bop it for one second.

I wondered, could you imagine?

I mean, that's gotta be the greatest prank that kids play on the phone is calling the fire department at universal to get to say water world on fire.

It's not on fire.

It's made of water.

So now, um, the, the water world, uh, program is firing it.

The water world program that they're talking about is a stunt spectacular, much like the blues brothers.

Wonderful play.

Uh, it's a, certainly a narrative.

So I w it falls within the play genre.

That's why I said it was a play.

It has actors portraying roles that were originally portrayed, uh, based upon the film of the same name water world.

I'm not familiar with the source material.

Of course you're not.

You've never seen one and I never will.

And so, but now having seen it, there's probably a fan boat in it.

Would you be interested?

Uh, I mean, I wouldn't mind seeing a clip of that fan boat.

Okay.

Let's see if we can pull up one online.

I mean, I would say like, if you're going to watch that movie, can we watch like Boulder room first?

Oh, this is what I want to ask you.

Hollywood centers.

I know you love to pay tribute to yourselves.

And so at the so-called Oscar awards every year, I would just say so-called that's, I mean, I noticed their nickname, their, the Academy.

So it's called that.

Yeah.

Well, there you go.

So every year you pay tribute to all these sinners that died and are now roasting in hell.

Right.

And you play sad music.

You should rebrand it as the people roasting in hell.

I wouldn't mind it.

You can do that, right?

Scott?

I guess so.

Yeah.

I've written for the org.

Sure.

Yeah.

I'll pitch it.

Why isn't there a montage of all the fan boats that have been in films?

I think it would be a very short montage.

I'm trying to think of what films it is.

Shouldn't be a lot of work.

The Better World, The Rescuers Down Under.

There's a fan boat in that.

You forgetting Gator with Burt Reynolds?

How do you know this?

Wait, what about Deliverance?

Is there one in there?

There's got to be.

There's got to be a fan boat.

There's got to be one.

I've never seen it.

Longest Yard.

I bet there's a fan boat at the beginning.

How do you know so much about these films?

I hear things about fan boats.

Okay.

It's a, it's a small community, but very passionate.

Plus there's a movie called The Fan.

I don't know what that's about.

Yeah.

Wesley Snipes film.

It could be about the fan on a fan boat.

Might be.

Yeah.

We don't know.

I think I would have heard about it.

Okay.

Um, well this, this is incredible.

Congratulations on seeing this film.

There's more.

What?

I done brought with me some content for you.

Some tent?

I got one of the actors from the Stunt Spectacular.

Oh, this is incredible.

You brought an actor from the Stunt Spectacular.

Yes, I did.

May I show him in?

Yes, please do.

To this den of sin?

I didn't even know about this.

This is really cool.

I know.

It's a surprise for you.

Thank you.

This is incredible.

Okay.

So one of the actors from the Stunt Spectacular.

What's happening here?

Look out!

Oh my God!

Oh wow!

That was incredible.

Oh, is that a shark sound?

No, I believe that was glass breaking.

Oh.

Look at that.

Couldn't place it.

What a great actor.

Wow.

I'll be damned if I'm not Cal Buckley, valley stuntman.

I've worked at Universal Studios for, uh, going on 30 some years.

I do the Waterworld stunt show.

Before that I did the Miami Vice stunt show.

I did, I believe I did the Dharma and Greg stunt show for a while.

A Price is Right stunt show.

A K-Pack stunt show.

Was that the one where the big wheel comes out at you?

Like chasing you down like the rock in Indiana Jones?

Yeah, well, in fact, that's where they got it.

The Showcase Showdown.

Wow.

Now Cal was telling me back in the day he used to do the broadcast sign off stunt show.

That's right.

I did.

Sure did.

We did, uh, we did an anthem, a national anthem, High Fall that we'd lower the flag.

Oh my gosh.

Well, I'd put it on me and I'd jump off a tower into a Lake of Flames.

It is such an honor to meet you.

You've heard a lot about me.

Do you mind telling me who, who were you in the show last night?

I played.

Cause you look so different now.

You look just like a regular normal older gentleman.

It might be because I'm out of character.

All right.

Now we do tremendous amount of acting, workshopping and character exercises, a lot of Meisner technique and I play the Deacon, which was, I don't want to say originated by, but more warmed up by Dennis Hopper.

You like sat down in the chair and got it a little bit warm for you to like his, his residual butt heat.

Basically.

Yeah.

Just no vulgarity for the language.

Which, which word do you know?

Well, don't make me repeat it.

I'd like to remind all of you that I'm a Christian.

You're a good Christian man.

Oh, he does Christian stunts.

How did you guys, I'm not a Christian.

I have a Christian dad.

Yeah.

That's you, right?

That's me.

I'm the same way.

We all have friends.

We all have a Christian dad.

If you think we don't share the same one.

Sure.

Words were never spoken.

Kyle kiss my fingers and hold them to the sky before every fiery high fall.

I take it.

How many do you take per show?

That's a safety precaution too.

That's my, that's right.

My friend tips of your fingers from burning off.

You're not wrong because before the great water world fire of 1989, and I think maybe you've heard about it was a fire.

Oh, there's been three.

Great water world fires in the lore and history of our great show.

Can't believe this because we were just talking about how that seemed impossible.

We were just talking about how that seemed like it could not have.

We were just talking about how that seemed like an impossibility.

Let me re encapsulate what we were saying before you got here was that we thought that was a thing that could not happen.

We just couldn't believe it.

We thought never, not for sure.

Now when I was listening out the window.

Oh, you were listening.

I was listening.

No longer.

Fantastic.

You have really good hearing.

Hell yeah.

Well, I mean, I would feel like it's like you're on all those explosions.

That makes your hearing better because you train your ear to be accustomed to those kinds of jars, the ear wax out of your ears, but you need a bit of that wax because you just come amphibian in a certain sense.

You know, it's just like the marriage.

And I, and honestly, if it's, if it's too much, don't worry about it.

As long as it's not vulgar.

Can I hear your, uh, why fall?

Yeah.

All right.

Does it sound like the Wilhelm scream?

Yeah, that's what I'm.

Yeah, it sure does.

Here I am.

There I went.

Now that third part's underwater.

Three part, three part to give you a beginning and middle and end.

Because like I said, I'm an actor.

I got a structure.

Exactly.

Yes.

Very good.

I remember that in the show last night.

Yeah.

Like I just, I mean, I was still having a hard time placing you even though, cause I wasn't sure of all the character names cause I was so blown away by the spectacular that I had a hard time following the plot.

I just was kind of like, ah, you know, just enjoying it.

Now part of the reason you don't recognize me is I'm wearing my eye patch.

Now I still have a real fucked up eye, but I don't wear an eye patch.

Wait, the vulgarity.

Well, that's not vulgarity.

That's biblical.

That's unlawful carnal knowledge and I'm not endorsing it.

I'm using it.

Anne Haylen once taught us.

This, yes.

Oh man.

Pound cake is one of my favorite songs of all time.

And don't get me started on that.

It's all make me hungry.

Yeah, it sure does.

For what?

Now no vulgarity before you answer that.

For pound cake.

Okay, good.

Okay.

Cause we thought you might've.

What did you think?

I was like pussy.

What's that?

What is pussy?

What is that?

I beg.

I don't mean to, I mean, Cameron, you better take this one.

She better take this.

It's like sometimes she better take this.

Yeah.

Sometimes at the end of your arms, she better take this pussy.

You have these two pussies right at the end of your arms is what you have.

So I'm familiar with her.

And here you are.

You're trying to eat spaghetti.

But it keeps going in.

Well, look guys, there are so many more questions I have for her.

What was your name again?

There's Cal Buckley by God.

Cal Buckley who plays the deacon in the Waterworld Stunt Show.

I have so many more questions for you about your process, but we do need to take a break.

When we come back, we're going to be talking with Cameron Esposito and JW Stillwater, AKA Ellie Lee Capers, and also our good friend, Cal Buckley, our new friend, Cal Buckley about the Waterworld Stunt Show.

We'll see how that goes, friend.

I don't like the words coming out of your mouth.

But you just said friend, so I believe that we are friends.

He's very presumptuous, Mr. Buckley.

Now Caper Lee, he did have me there.

JW Stillwater.

JW?

JW Stillwater.

He has me there.

Once I call you a friend, you're a friend for life.

For life?

That's right.

Put her there, pal.

Oh, they should hang it on her.

Here I come.

That's where I am.

There I go.

Now that's a double high fall and it takes training, so be careful.

It's part of my hand shaking process.

We'll be right back with more Comedy Bang Bang after this.

Wilbur right back.

Comedy Bang Bang, we were talking about Wilbur before.

Wilbur right back.

Is that his character in The Rescuers, Wilbur?

Or is that just Charlotte's Web?

Yeah, that's the character.

No, yeah, it's the character in- Does he play the same character in both?

Well, the plot of The Rescuers Down Under is that there's these mice and one of them is Zaza Gabor and then she sees a spider web that says, you have a lot of money.

And then she knows she shouldn't kill a pig.

And there's a bird in this.

You guys ever seen The Rescuers Down Under?

No.

I think that's the superior film.

That's a really good one.

I agree.

I loved it growing up.

There's a big albatross in it.

George C. Scott plays a part.

Great actor, great stuff.

Sir, I hope you don't mind if I call you sir.

You're so impressive.

Sorry, Cal Buckley here.

We have Cal Buckley here from the Waterworld Stunt Show.

The great actor.

California Buckley.

He plays the deacon.

Is that your full name, California?

Sure it is.

Oh, that's unfortunate.

Why?

Well, California's a sinful place.

I want to ask you more questions about the Waterworld Stunt Show.

I'm all answers.

So first of all, do you mind covering your eye to show us?

The good eyes?

You just want to take a look at the merry-go-round that is my jiggling pupil?

It's a lot like a paddle ball in there.

One man, Pruitt Taylor Vince over there.

I've got the only human.

I thought he was a one man, Pruitt Taylor Vince.

No, there's two guys.

There's two guys in there?

Pruitt Taylor, Taylor Vince.

It's like a guy in a horse costume.

Do you want to hear my pupil rattle around in my eye?

I do, yeah.

Oh my, oh God.

That is disgusting.

I love it actually.

I have had some eye stuff in the past myself.

I've had a lot of eye surgeries.

That's true.

I did wear an eye patch in my childhood.

Mine was caused by muscle weakness.

What's yours caused by?

Mine was caused by Spike's.

A gentleman named Spike?

Multiple actors from Spike's Guys Choice Award?

You're never going to believe this.

I'm not making this up right now because you suggested this.

Right.

But there was a fella named Spike and his brother named Spike and they both had Spikes.

Two fellas named Spikes said they were going to be a big deal.

They were going to be a big deal.

I'm not making this up right now because you suggested this.

Wow.

That wasn't amazing.

What did you do to call for that kind of treatment?

I guess I just was preaching again.

I don't know.

What were you preaching?

The Lord's good word.

Oh, that's good to hear.

How did you guys get hooked up then, JW?

How did you meet?

Well, I waited by the stage door of the theater.

Uh-huh.

Okay.

But I had gone to get the car.

You had gone to get the car.

So I didn't even know about any of this.

I thought you were just, I thought you just said- What was the excuse you made?

I said, I got to go pray.

Oh, okay.

I said, Caramel, why don't you get the car?

I'm going to go over here behind the psycho house and I'm going to pray.

Now, real quick, in every stunt show, I do a thing where a call to action, where if anybody is not saved, they can come forward after the show.

I usually try to meet them behind the psycho house for various reasons.

Because I do like to wear- What are these reasons?

Well, I like to wear a corduroy blazer and pretend to put people in trunks.

Hey, actually, do you mind?

Mind what?

How's that?

That's great.

Just pour a little water to see if that might make you feel more comfortable.

I feel refreshed.

I am part mariner.

Let me ask you, you're Mark Mariner?

Lock the gates.

Yeah, I do.

Nope.

I do an underwater podcast called Water the Fuck.

I'm going to listen to it after the first 25 minutes, if you don't mind.

But who have you gotten on that show?

Aquaman.

I'm going to listen guest to pandit.

I got Aquaman.

I got the mariner from Waterworld.

I got Gene Triple Horn.

Okay, so three big ones.

I got khaki double flute.

I got Jack Black.

I got Jack Black, the ski rider.

Who else did I- Barack Obama when he was president.

What?

Let me put that one together.

Could you help me a little?

You got to give us some assistance.

You got to help us across the street on this one.

Okay, so how did you guys meet and- We already told you.

So here's what I want to know, Mr. Buckley.

You betcha.

Anything you want to know, look, I'm going to be as straight as an arrow.

All this time working with water.

Sure.

Has it made you just hate water?

Like you just hate it, right?

Yeah, I hate it.

I hate it and I would never steal it.

Because I don't want it, right?

Like there's no way that I would do a shift of water.

Wait a minute.

That's a weird, that's a strange thing to say.

What?

Very specific.

Dad?

Who?

Dad?

Did you just hear that?

Now, California Buckley.

That is my name.

What other name could you possibly have?

There's no other possible name and it would not be one you've heard.

Oh, really?

That's also very curious.

I've got some ideas here.

I do too.

I bet we have the same ideas.

It's likely because I got a lot of my ideas from you.

When you taught me the ideas.

Right.

Let's dance to reason.

Let me do some more follow ups.

Just standing there with my arms akimbo.

Why don't you put those things together?

Hey there, now.

You mentioned a couple things recently.

Sorry to bother you.

In theaters now.

You said, um.

I've done the stunt show.

You know, this is your.

How was Keith to work with?

A visionary.

Did you call him Keith or Lucky?

I called him Luck.

Just like that HBO show.

Uh huh.

One of my favorites now.

Any show that has just three episodes.

Did you do that stunt show?

I sure did.

Kill the horse at the end?

Almost got, had it coming.

Let me tell you how it comes.

I love Luck because I hate horses.

Oh yeah.

He's trying to get us off track.

I totally forgot what we were talking about.

I'm so that other guy.

God, I could go for a good innocent whistle right about now.

Hey listen.

Sorry to catch you whistling short.

There's just one more thing.

Yes, you in the front.

Um.

Now I know what you said.

Your name is your name.

It couldn't possibly be any other name.

My name is my name.

I know what you said.

That you would never steal water.

Never.

Let me ask you a question.

Are you my daddy?

What?

First of all, I don't even have any kids.

Well, I know that voice.

Did you hear that?

I know that voice.

Wait a minute.

No.

No, I've heard that voice before.

No, no.

I have.

A time, one or two times.

No, I had a literal frog in my throat because there's a grotto where we keep the jet skis and one got in there.

Let me tell you that much.

No, that makes sense to me.

Thank you.

Thank you, friend.

I have heard that voice before and I have heard it specifically from a person that is my daddy's daddy.

There's no way.

Look, I go to work.

I preach my sermon.

I do my stunt show and at the end of the day, I take home some water in a bag.

I knew it.

No, wait.

Hold on.

You take home some water in a bag?

I would never take home water in a bag.

It's not tangible.

What?

Water's not tangible?

This is the most surprising thing you've said today.

You can't form it.

You can't shape it.

It ain't clay.

But you can put it in a bag.

Depending upon what the bag is made from.

Ice.

The bag is made from ice?

Yeah.

You can put water in there.

Shit!

Oh, vulgar!

Yeah, that's right.

And the most vulgar thing of all is you pretending to be someone that you are not.

If I'm catching up to this, your name is California?

No, look.

Yeah, my name's California.

See, he gets it.

No, look.

Daddy, it's over.

I've ripped your disguise from you.

And I recognize you.

I'm turning my head to look at you now.

Oh, right.

Fine.

You've figured it out.

It's me.

And I want you to know that I'm here to take all the water from Waterworld, and then I'm going to take all the water from the world.

Professor Steelwater.

By title and name.

The supervillain and my own despised and also beloved daddy.

Thank you for being praiseworthy, if also factually correct.

My not officially adopted grandfather because we've never filed any papers.

And we never will.

That's right.

Although I would, I would love to have a proper grandfather.

And my friend for life, because you California said that we were friends.

That's right.

No, look.

What?

How does he do the voice switch?

I'm an acher, and I told you as much.

Just because I'm Professor Steelwater doesn't mean I can't play the deacon better than any old Dennis Hopper in a stunt show six times daily.

Wait a minute, wait a minute.

I need to catch up with this.

We need to take a break and some of you need to explain what's happening to me.

Is that right?

I brought a PowerPoint.

You're, you're, you're frustrating.

You're a frustrating person.

Okay, look, when we, we need to take a break.

When we come back, I will have caught up with this whole situation.

I believe your name is Professor Steelwater.

Daddy Lee Caper.

Professor Steelwater.

Wait, you're Eddie Lee Caper Prime?

That's right.

First ever.

We've met.

Okay.

I'm going to catch up.

We're going to call out.

Yeah.

Comedy bang, bang.

We're back.

I finally understand everything that's happened.

You are named California Buckley.

No.

Oh my God, Scott, you haven't understood a thing.

Why would you go back to the thing?

Even I, who trying to keep this ruse going, want you to stop.

I want to know how you knew that we were going to that stunt show last night, which was a surprise for my father.

How did you know this?

I was playing a surprise.

He didn't even know about it.

Is this some sort of unusual or usual suspects type of like plan?

We can still enjoy this movie.

You can trace this back to the very date that you yourself went to universal studious on your own and they sucker you into saying if you just buy one admission ticket and pay about the same price, you can have an annual pass.

Come back as many times as you want.

That's right.

Boy, you didn't know that I was working in the annual pass booth and then on my way working up the ladder to play the deacon.

And that's how I knew.

Those were the steps to being a stunt person?

Uh huh.

There's a two step process to play in the deacon and water world.

You got to sell annual paces.

Now listen to me.

That's when I knew you'd be back one day at least this year to get your money's worth or else you're no granddaughter of mine.

So I wish she is not.

Well, you waited and worked every day for six to eight months?

Do you know how sore I am?

Cause I've never had a chance to rest.

Let me touch you.

Oh, that doesn't sound sore.

That sounds like you enjoyed it.

Don't be vulgar.

All right.

I hope you Danny.

What?

I hope you are as sore physically as I am emotionally.

I'm sore as water.

Okay.

So you, well good.

I hope that you're both sore emotionally and physically.

You know what it's like to have to hate water as much as I do.

And yet I have to jump into it six times daily.

What a fitting punishment.

Was that part of your thing?

You hate water and that's why you're stealing it.

I thought you loved it and that's why you were stealing it.

I honestly don't entirely remember.

And neither do I.

No, I think it's that, I think it's that you do like water.

You like water.

I thought it was like a world domination.

Do you know how lovely it is and how lucky a human I am and only in America can you be in a job, you know, you love your job.

You don't work a day in your life.

That's right.

And I get to jump into my favorite intangible substance.

Back on track.

Six times daily and what a treat.

So anything you can do to me is just, ain't going to hurt.

Cause I've lived my best life.

Totally water off your back.

I just want to know like, what's the end game here?

So do I.

Like what are we like?

Why, why be in that show to trick us to see you?

It's obvious to me, if I'm guessing you joined the water world stunt show because you know that is the primary source of water here in California.

There's so much water.

That's true.

That it's hard to believe that it still goes on during the drought months.

Also Scott, it's also thematically attractive to me because imagine a world.

A world of water, the future, the polar ice caps have frozen.

I'm going back and forth between my characters.

Right?

I'm phasing in and out of reality.

Let me ask you something, professor, steal water.

Call me daddy.

I never will again, daddy.

Well, if how come it's so attractive to you, this idea of a world that is all water when in fact there would be no water for you to steal if such a world were to come to pass?

Well, isn't that just a thing?

Because the whole point of water world is to find dry land.

What if I found dry land and then stole all the water and put it on dry land?

So you're going to take all the water from the water world and you're going to put it on this tiny patch of dry land.

That's right.

And I'm also going to steal all the cigarettes and gasoline because that's what you use for currency.

So you, you, you were recruited into this.

You saw Cameron.

You realized that she would bring your erstwhile son and, uh, please don't be vulgar.

It's hard to say that word.

And you, and so what is your, what is your game here to get invited to the show today?

I mean, do you mind if I guess it?

I'd appreciate it if you did please.

My ward, use your, use the crime fighting skills, the deduction, the deduction.

Thank you.

You will never figure it out.

I passed on to you.

No, I mean, this is absolutely what's happening here.

Here you are.

You're alone.

You're trying to do all this.

You're trying to do all of this.

I'm alone.

I'm not sad or anything.

Well, no, I don't think you're sad.

I'm not lonely.

But you're trying to achieve a huge goal.

Are you mom alone?

Really?

No.

Which is to flood the entire world with water and then like use that water to do the thing that you were talking about with land.

And it's like, here you are trying to achieve that by yourself.

And you know, I bet you feel like you wish you had a family business.

There's no way that that could ever be true for, first of all, I don't need companionship.

Um, I didn't talk about companionship.

I'm talking about like a bottom line.

I don't need you to, to be close to me, especially around Christmas times.

Daddy, let me ask you a question.

Oh my God.

What?

Is she right?

Define right.

Well, the way you just said that makes me think he does want us to be around around Christmas.

Are you okay?

You're tearing up, Professor Steelwater.

I can't tear.

Do you need a clap on the shoulder?

Here, let me get you a clap.

Oh, how?

I forgot you were sore.

My water, my eyes water, which is ironic because I have to sort of steal my own tears back.

You're scooping your own tears into a basin.

Oh my God.

Daddy, daddy, what a sad man you have become.

You calling me daddy, son?

I can't help it.

You're my blood and I know it.

Hey, could you quiet down that tear basin?

I'm sorry.

I, I brought a tin bowl to catch my own tears in.

Rusted.

Listen.

I, I mean, I want to ask you if this is okay, but I'll maybe I'll just ask it audibly so that you can also hear, throw it out to the room.

Yeah, I guess I'm just wondering if you want to see if your dad wants to come live in their sink that's in our house.

And I don't know how you got such a big heart.

Well, I was born with a little bit of a too big heart.

She's got a big heart cause she's my granddaughter.

You're like, you're like the Edward penis hands of hearts.

I got two and they're at the ends of my arms.

And they're giant.

Daddy, you can eat spaghetti with those hearts.

Yep.

I want you to believe in the best of people, even though I think most people are sinners who are going straight to hell.

Agreed.

On this we can agree.

That's what I said.

Is that, and then I repeated it.

Guys, guys, you've made such progress.

Stop fighting.

I heard it the first time.

Scott, honey, why don't you play with your iPad?

You know what?

I will.

Here's your Tamaguchi.

Is that what we were trying to figure out?

Tamaguchi?

Here's your Yamaguchi.

Here's your.

I'm just kidding.

Yeah.

Let's bring it in.

Listen, daddy, I've found in the wake of losing a family, I E you and your hideous way you have betrayed me.

I found a family with caramel and it's dumb wonder for me.

And I wonder if, you know, while we're on the subject of wonders, I wonder if it might do the same for you.

If you was to come stay with us and sleep in the sink kitchen one, maybe I'll be willing to trust you for a little while.

Little while.

Sorry.

What do you say, daddy?

Son, that's the nicest thing.

What anyone's ever done for me.

I know.

And I've been sleeping nuts in a half filled fish tank just to feel like I had some friends, but I squished all my friends.

Do you squish the fish?

I squished the fish.

And if you would allow me to come, I don't know, sleep in a small fetal position in your clam shell pedestal sink, that would make me the happiest person.

And it might make me even divulge some information that I've been hiding lo these many years.

Information?

From daddy, what information might you divulge?

We both know your mama's long since dead.

Oh, she dead.

Yep.

But we thought you were dead.

Couple times.

Well, that's different.

Yeah.

That's a different type of point.

Wait, what's this information?

Yeah.

I don't know.

I'm sorry to get you off track.

Well, before your mama and I were married.

What?

I was married to another woman.

What?

That's right.

That's true.

Why do I care?

Well, I'm going to tell you.

Because her name was Legenda and she was someone I loved very much and we came together to create a child, a daughter.

What child is this?

I'll tell you.

What child is this?

Her name was Caramel Asposita.

And you are my natural granddaughter, but not his natural son.

Wait a minute.

Wait, hold on.

Now let me ask you if you're my real father.

No real.

Well, hold on.

Jelinda Legenda was your mother.

But with you as the father.

Hold on.

In that case, I almost feel like it's not so much a grandfather.

Hold on.

Yeah, you're her father.

I'm your father.

Yeah, I'm your real father.

What?

This is an Empire Strikes Back situation.

I mean, I just lost both my hands.

Yeah, that's right.

You've lost a grandfather, but you've gained another father.

And you are- My two dads.

Your real name is Cameron Lightsaber Hands.

Oh my God.

That can't be true.

That's true.

Just as a follow up question.

Legenda Lightsaber Hands?

That's right.

It's her mom.

Oh my God.

This is incredible.

Legenda Lightsaber Hands is your mom.

And Cameron Lightsaber Hands is your real name.

That's a better stage name.

It's a really good stage name.

I feel sick.

Everyone thinks that when they come see you, they do not expect what they get with the last name that you have.

Because they think I'm Latina?

Yes.

So Lightsaber Hands, that tells them what they're going to get.

You're a cool comic.

You're like a Karelian or something.

I mean, also, that sounds like a lesbian name.

I mean, truly, if there were any kind of lesbian names.

I think it's better.

It's memorable.

It really sticks in the brain too.

How would I know this is true after all these years?

Good question, Caramel.

Daddy, you're a known liar.

You're a known liar.

Why should we believe you?

Scott Cawbar, your iPad for a second?

Yeah, here we go.

Okay.

23andMe.

Yeah, that's my code to get in.

Okay, great.

Ancestry.com.

That's your password.

Okay, and now where are you going to go on this iPad?

MormonGenealogyforyears.com.

They've been doing this more than anyone.com.

But that just redirects to CameronS You're right.

Zuto.com.

It does.

So I just wanted to order some protein powder real quick.

Quickly watch that special that's on there.

That'd be great.

The real proof I have is look into your heart.

You know.

Look into both of those hearts.

Look into my eyes.

You know that it's true.

Look into my one eye.

Yeah.

I was going to say earlier that I have a lifelong issue with eyes.

It's like, look into this one too.

And this guy got poked in his eyes.

That's got to be genetic.

You know what I mean?

If a dad gets poked in the eyes, probably the kid has some sort of actual real musculature problem.

You both have eye problems.

I know about science because it's evil, so maybe that's true.

Yeah, no, I feel like that's how.

But I'm not here to take you away.

I'm here to share you with what has emotionally been your dad for so many years.

But now he's my brother.

So your brother and sister, your siblings.

Well, you're half brother and sister.

But the good half, the half that loves.

But is he still older than me?

Well, that's up to you guys.

Do you know what I mean?

Well, no, I, yeah, I definitely am.

But it was your first wife before?

Jelinda Lajenda was my first wife, but we, she had a long gestation period.

Was it a slow gestation?

Yeah.

Okay, I get it.

Now, this all tracks.

Was it like a Mr. Freeze situation where she was put in a freezer?

It was like a Captain America type thing?

Yeah.

Okay.

Was it like an Ivy situation where she was played by Emma Thurman?

Yes, it was.

Was it like a little lottie situation?

Well, this is incredible.

Cam.

It sure is.

Cameron Lightsaberhands, if you are willing to have now a new father as well as a new brother, you know, we're willing to pay for it.

You can save your money.

What?

You can save your money.

What up, JW?

I want to hear what the offer is.

I have feelings about this.

And I, Caramel, if you're going to take him into your house, I think it's best that I not be there.

What?

But you're my son.

That's a terrible idea.

I'm afraid.

I must retreat to my lair in Florida.

I will return to Cumberbatch County.

And I hope one day I can return, but for now I cannot be a third dad in the dad wheel scheme of things.

Well, you can't be a brother.

If you can't be a daddy, you don't want to be a brother.

Is that what you're trying to say?

It's like a demotion.

Yeah.

It really is.

Yeah.

It's like, come on.

I mean, yeah, I had the one job and then I get this other job and I'm supposed to be there while the other guy is my job.

It's no.

I can't let you do this because I feel responsible.

I don't want to break up a family and that's why I'm going to go back to my one true love, which as you know is stealing water, but also knowing that humans are 75% water.

I'm a steal you both.

Get in my water bag.

Made ice.

What?

How are you doing this?

Oh my God.

There's a shark in here.

Cal Buckley just put JW Stillwater.

It's not Paul Buckley.

I am now.

That's right.

This is amazing.

This is straight out of like the Super Friends when Zan and Jana, one of them turns into ice and.

Yeah, and the other gorilla.

Yeah.

Now you won't tell anybody about this.

I'm going to walk off with these two.

Well, before you do, we have one last thing to do on the show and maybe they can shout them out from inside the bag.

I'll allow it.

We just have a little something to do called Plugs.

It's the best part of the show where the guests are let you know what they're doing and where to find them.

So please listen close.

Was that it?

Okay, great.

Love it.

A song that sounds like an intro.

I'll take it anytime.

That is Plugs is How We Find You by Dr. Moongrass.

All right.

So why don't if you can let Cameron out of the bag here for a second, we can get some plugs out.

So all right.

Oh my God, it's freezing in there.

It's made of ice.

Yeah, it's pretty cold.

Cam, Cameron Lightsabers hands.

You're still going to have to use my old my old website until I tell you can update it to Cameron Lightsabers hands.com and then the real Cameron Lightsabers.com.

Definitely.

And then we'll get the protein powder.

Yeah, we'll we'll switch all that over.

So people can go there to watch your special.

Yeah, they can go check out my special rape jokes, which might honestly be the last thing I ever make.

I don't know what's going to happen.

You may be dead soon.

This is just kidnapping situation.

I mean, at the very least not performing from inside a block of ice and less like what is this Vegas and this is like now my magic act in which case, Dad, do you want to pair up on that?

And when I say Dad, I do.

I am talking to my brother.

Well, magic like black magic.

Sleight of hand.

Close up magic.

Like lies.

Yeah, it is technically lying.

Practical magic.

You've never seen that, right?

I've never seen it.

If it's a movie.

Okay.

So people can go to Cameron, Esposito, dot com and check out the special and give to rain.

Anything else?

Any dates coming up or anything like that?

It's a bunch of tour dates coming up.

And the next week I'll be in Durham and then I'll also be in Montreal and then I'll be in Salt Lake City and then a huge tour in the fall.

And all of that is available at Cameron Esposito dot com.

You could click through from the splash page that also has rape jokes.

Or you have a movie.

You don't know anything about it, sir.

Sure though.

All right.

Or you can go to Cameron Esposito dot com slash.

All right.

Back in the bag with you.

All right.

And now JW, do you have anything to plug?

All I want to say is if y'all going to be in Detroit, Michigan.

Why would anyone do that?

I mean, you know, people, let's say you always wanted to buy a mansion, but you never thought you could afford it.

And you're anyone.

Let's say you found some money in the street and you're like, what do I do with this?

I'll say, y'all got to go check out this, these shows, spontaneous nation live on August 9th and Paul F. Tompkins and friends on August 10th.

Two shows each night at the magic bag theater.

Now I don't like magic.

Or bags.

You're in one.

It's satanic.

I don't like bags.

I'm in one.

Put them together.

Thumbs down.

But I know y'all's a bunch of heathens and so maybe you should go see those shows.

And I know there's information at Paul F. Tompkins dot com slash live.

All right.

Very good.

Back in the bag with you, sir.

And Professor Steelwater, anything to plug for you?

Well, I'm still doing the water world stone show six times daily.

Not going to give that up.

That's for fun.

And then I actually have another son named Matt Gorley and he is.

You were busy with your head word penis hand.

Oh boy.

Let me tell you now.

He's got a couple of podcasts that are going to be at the London podcast festival in September and he's doing a super ego.

He's doing I was there to James bonding, the complete woman.

And he's also doing a podcast coming out on Stitcher Premium with Paul Russ, where they talk about Friday the 13th.

And that's coming out real soon.

Wow.

What a niche programming opportunity.

You're telling me.

Wow.

13 episodes is all you're going to get out of that.

Go to Mac Orly dot com, my son.

And also while you're there, order some of his protein powder.

Let's close up.

Not the ice bag, but the plug bag.

It's time to open it.

All right, guys.

Plug bag officially closed.

And that ice bag.

How's it doing over there?

It's melting.

We better get you to some colder high land.

To a higher altitude.

Cold or high land or colder high land.

Shut up in there.

All right.

And professor, or should I call you Cal?

Yeah.

Call me Cal.

So good to go.

I'm going to go check out the stunt show.

It sounds amazing.

I got to check.

Sit in the front row in the in this anointment zone.

How wet am I going to get?

Oh boy.

Have you ever seen Edward Piena's hands?

All right.

We'll see you next time.

Bye.
