---
layout: page
title: 556. Kristian Bruun, John Gemberling, Gil Ozeri, Zeke Nicholson [60073⧸].mp3.wav
category: cbb 
---

♪ Comedy Bang Bang ♪ Give me one good reason why I should avoid the noid.

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

Thank you to Alfredo Solis Fuentes for that catchphrase submission, and welcome to Comedy Bang Bang for another week. And oh my goodness, do we have an exciting episode for you. We have, coming up a little later on the show, we have some famous pro athletes, and also after that, we have a famous telenovela star. So two famous people, or three famous people that is. And before we get to them, let's get to a non-famous person. He is a, by the way, Scott Aukerman, here, your host, also a non-famous person. That's who I was talking about myself.

Oh, okay. That's very nice.

But let's get to, he's a returning favorite. He's one of our most favorite friends over the past few years, ever since we got to know him. He first came to national and international prominence in the, I guess one would call it a television series.

I've heard it called as such, yeah.

Orphan Black. I don't know why, I was trying to think of that. Television series. Yeah, that's what I would call it. Orphan Black, where he played, I want to say Ronnie?

Is that who it is?

It's Donnie.

Donnie. So close. So close, yet so far. He also played Constable Johnstable in some BBC or UK show.

Constable Jackson on a Canadian series called Murdoch Mysteries. Yeah, close. Close though.

Where he was shot to death, execution style.

Brutally shot to death.

Cutting short his tenure on the show after a few short seasons.

That's true.

He has now segued into a new show called Carter, which is premiering on WGN America, August 7th, in a few short weeks. Please welcome Christian Bruhn. Hello.

Hi, thanks for having me back. It's been a while.

It's of course been a while, certainly.

This is true.

Certainly. I'm not falling for your trap.

Damn it. Welcome back to the show, Christian.

Thank you for having me back. You know, nothing new, just chilling in Hollywood, living the Hollywood lifestyle, living the dream.

Is that a Bonobo shirt?

This is an H&M.

H&M. What does it stand for?

And what do you stand for?

His and mine, I believe.

Because if you don't stand for that, you'll stand for anything.

I don't support it, but it's affordable. And since I'm, you know, now rolling in that Hollywood money, I got to, that's right. You've moved to Hollywood from Toronto.

Yes. Toronto.

Toronto.

Yes, sir.

And people in Toronto get very upset if you don't say it the correct way.

Yes. Toronto.

Toronto.

Yes. Correct.

They almost shout it.

Toronto.

Welcome to Toronto.

And what, and isn't the airport code for Toronto, like it has a Y in it, isn't it?

Like YQV or something like that?

It is YYZ. It's not Z.

Yeah. YYZ.

It's YYZ.

And why, and those letters are nowhere to be found in Toronto. So why is that?

Zero.

It's because we're off the grid and we're, it's all solar.

The whole airport.

The whole airport is solar.

It's off the airplane grid, the airplane grid, as they call it.

The air, meaning it's, it's, it's solar.

It's like kind of a secret base.

It doesn't get a...

It's like the Denver airport where there's like miles of underground tunnels that the Illuminati run and they kind of have this facade of being a regular airport on top of it. But it's like really secretive. That's an exclusive for Comi Bang Bang.

Okay. Well that's great. Well, I'm learning so much about Toronto.

Thank you for...

Is that your hometown? I can't recall.

That is my hometown. I was born in Toronto.

Toronto.

Yeah.

That's right.

And what are the people of Toronto like? Are they all like you?

Yeah, they're, they're nerdy, dorky. I mean, basically those two things, we have terrible sports teams. We hit four seasons of weather, which is nice.

Isn't there something like the Toronto, Toronto Raptors?

Yes. The Toronto Raptors are, they're a basketball team in the National Basketball Association.

Yes.

And is that short for the Velociraptors or is it just...

Yes, I believe the official title is Velociraptors.

Very good.

And that, that must have been a semi-new basketball team since the Jurassic Park came out in 1993. Is that correct?

It was a semi-nude basketball team when Jurassic Park came out.

I think everyone is semi-nude because, I mean, we have to have like openings for our eye holes and ears a lot. I mean, like right now my entire face is nude.

Yeah. And it's a little brazen if you ask me.

Yeah. Is it turning you on?

A little bit.

Can I ask you a question that Austin Powers once asked someone?

Sure.

Do I make you horny?

Ooh, the accent nailed it. Yes, you do make me very horny, baby. Yeah.

Good, good, good, good.

To answer like him.

What else makes you horny?

Ooh, I find that when I step on a nail, I get a little turned on.

Oh, really? So pain.

Yeah. Slam my thumb in the door.

There's a fine line between pleasure and pain.

Very fine line. If I really injure myself very badly, I get very turned on.

What's the worst injury you've ever had?

Have you ever had like a foot cut off or anything?

Yeah, I missed a foot at one point. It just kind of went missing for, I don't know, a day or two.

I mean, that's the trouble is like, get up and walk around a lot.

Yeah.

Like, hey guys, come back here.

I just thought like, come back here with my foot. Right?

Yeah. I was stumping around and I know.

Everybody's stumping around.

Bobby Brown.

Everybody's stumping around.

It's weird that he calls out for Whitney in the middle of that.

That was so weird.

Whitney!

Yeah. I don't know why he did that.

You get me some baked beans.

That's his favorite.

I love that he loves baked beans because me too.

I love, hashtag me too. I love that he, he talks about baked beans and so many of his songs.

It's so weird.

It's my baked beans.

I can eat what I want to eat.

My baked beans.

Yeah.

It sounded for a long time. I thought he was like singing my bacon beans and I was like, yeah, it doesn't make sense.

That was like one of the great misheard lyrics.

That's like a classic, like hold me closer Tony Danza situation.

Excuse me while I kiss this guy.

Yeah, exactly.

My baked beans.

He says it like a Shakespearean actor.

Yeah. Well, he's trained.

I think he went to theater school.

Yeah. Did he?

Yeah. I think he went to Juilliard.

All these theater kids.

Drake, Christina Aguilera, Bobby Brown.

Yeah. Big time thespians.

Speaking of big time thespians, Carter stars a lot of them and you're also in it, which is incredible.

It comes out on WGN America, August 7th.

Now, which Carter verse is this?

Is this the Michael Caine or Sylvester Stallone get Carter verse?

Is this the John Carter of Mars verse?

This is the Jimmy Carter.

Carter the Unstoppable Sex Machine verse?

Jimmy Carter.

Jimmy Carter verse.

Yeah, the excited verse of Jimmy Carter.

So this is a show basically about an elderly man going around and hammering things.

Yeah, he loves building.

It's like Bob the Builder for adults.

It's like Bob's Builders.

Yes, but instead of Boggs Burgers.

Bogg Burger.

Delicious Bogg Burger.

No, it is a Detective Procedural.

Detective Procedural.

Now, were your responsibilities as Constable Johnstable sort of a good fodder for this show?

Is this why you were hired?

You know, one would think, but for maybe the first time and last time in my life, I am playing a former criminal or a former...

Someone who's been on the wrong side of the law.

Wrong side of the law.

And he's not a cop in this show.

Not a cop.

So you have a lot of experience playing cops.

Yes.

I can think of Constable Johnstable.

Yep, and that's it.

And that's it.

And Ronnie over there on Arphan Black was...

He was kind of a criminal in a way.

That's true.

I guess I've played a lot of criminals.

Yeah.

Well, I mean, one.

And now two.

Yeah, that's a lot.

And then you were in that other movie, Let's Go Around and Have an Orgy, which...

Yes, How to Play an Orgy in a Small Town.

Right, yes.

Which, as listeners of the show will recall, I walked out of...

You walked out within...

Five minutes.

Five minutes in.

Somewhere in there.

And I watched Heartbroken as you waddled with a tight ass out of the theater at the Arclight.

I was very ill.

Did you make it to the restroom?

I don't know where I ended up doing it, but...

How can you not remember that?

I don't recall whether it was the Arclight or whether it was my own home.

If you made it to your own home...

Then I could have sat through the movie.

You totally could have sat through the movie, Scott.

You hated the movie.

Just admit it.

Did I text you saying that, hey, I didn't walk out because I didn't like it?

Or did I just wait until the next time I saw you?

The latter would be worse.

I think it was the latter.

Oh, God.

Or maybe days later you texted me saying, hey, I got sick...

Yeah, well...

From how bad the movie was.

No, to your credit, I wanted to see it so bad, even though I was sick, I came.

It wasn't like an Eggos one woman show situation.

Oh, wow.

Okay.

Well, you know, I really appreciate that.

And I will make sure I email the whole cast and crew and let them know that.

Please let them know.

I would love to catch up with that film.

I'm guessing you really wanted to see it.

So you've seen it since.

I've seen it on VOD.

Yeah, you've seen the whole thing.

So what did you think of it?

Well, I mean, that nonstop fucking for the last 45 minutes...

It was a long fuck scene.

Was akin to an Austin Powers situation in the sense that it made me horny, baby.

All right.

Well, you saw it.

You fucking saw it.

This is great.

So Carter, you are a criminal and who's above the line in this?

Okay, so Carter is played by Jerry O'Connell.

Oh, great.

Friend of the show.

And when I say that, I mean, he's never been on it.

Perfect.

Let's keep it that way.

Maybe once when I wasn't hosting, when I had a guest host.

You...

What?

Has that happened?

That has happened early on in the run when it had to be recorded on Fridays at noon at the radio station.

I occasionally could not be there because of a big Hollywood job.

I can't imagine this show without you, except if Jason Manzukas was...

Sure.

Yeah, of course.

Obviously.

Hopefully when I perish, he will come in and...

Yes, and marry...

And marry cool up and take over all aspects of my life.

Yeah, as well he should.

Yes.

Yeah.

So Jerry O'Cie...

Jerry O'Cie plays a famous Hollywood detective.

It's this very exciting original trope.

He plays this Hollywood detective.

It's not Castle.

He's not an author.

He is a famous TV actor who plays a detective on TV, has a falling out in Hollywood.

Hollywood.

The fictional Hollywood.

Then he goes back to his small town in Canada.

So like a shitty place.

Yeah, a shitty...

Come on!

This is my 100 year old...

He comes back to a small town and he reunites with his childhood and high school friends, one of which is me who ended up going on to the wrong side of the law.

What does that mean in Canada?

Is that like you...

You're smuggling maple syrup.

You don't say sorry a lot.

You never say sorry.

You kick beavers.

The regular stuff.

Stuff like down here.

Hey, when you're a star, they let you do it.

Kick a beave.

So...

Hashtag kick a beave?

Please don't start hashtag kick a beave when it comes to this show.

We don't want that.

Do it.

I want you to apologize right now to our listeners.

Sorry, beavers.

Okay.

So you're one of the friends and then he starts investigating crimes.

Well, so what happens is he comes back to his small town.

It's called Bishop.

Can we just say he starts investigating crimes and leave it at that?

Do we have to get into all the specifics?

But he hooks up with his former flame played by Sidney Poitier-Hartsong, who is Sidney Poitier's daughter.

Yes, from Death Proof.

Yes, that's right.

And she is a detective in the small town.

I've seen her feet.

If you've seen Death Proof, you've seen her feet.

Yes, thank you so much, Quentin Tarantino, for your love of feet.

Your weird fetish.

Friend of the show?

Not a friend of the show.

Although I did see him in a spa once.

Oh, great.

Did you like his feet?

Did he have feet or was he missing feet?

No, they were all walking around.

He was just sitting there on the massage table going, Where are my feet?

He's so British.

I'm Quentin Tarantino.

Piss off, cunts.

It's really weird.

And so he comes back to the small town and he's trying to escape Hollywood life.

But he's super famous and everybody's coming out.

They're coming to him with their problems.

And he's like, I'm just a TV detective.

But he hooks up with the town's police department and Sidney plays.

He hooks up with them?

Yeah, everyone.

He does.

Everyone in the police department?

The police department and the building and the squad cars and the criminals in the jail cells.

He's a real sleuth.

And so the three of us.

Don't slut shame Jerry O'Connell.

I'm not.

I'm slut shaming his character.

Okay, that's fine.

And the three of us start solving crimes in the small town.

And it's a small town with way too many murders, but we keep solving them.

Or do we?

I don't know.

Jessica Fletcher situation where it's like Murder, She Wrote meets Magnum P.I.

Right.

With less exotic locations.

But it's beautiful.

It's castle.

It's just castle.

It is not castle!

Or Take Two, which just came out, which has an actress hooking up with a private eye and solving crimes in LA.

It is not Take Two!

All right.

It's definitely not.

Or the Mentalist.

All right.

So you can watch this on WGN America, August 7th.

Castle premieres August 7th on WGN America.

WGN America, August 7th.

Just search C-A-S-T-L-E and it'll come.

It'll pop right up.

Scott!

It is not castle.

It is Carter.

Carter.

Yes.

Carter.

And who's your character?

My character, he is a lovable lout.

You've already said that.

He has a coffee truck.

You don't know his name?

No, I don't know his name.

I don't memorize the names of my character, Scott.

Great.

Yeah.

Okay.

This is good.

His name is Dave Lee, Scott.

Dave Lee?

Dave Lee.

L-E-I-G-H.

Oh, okay.

So you're not...

Very Scottish spelling.

I was worried you were playing Asian.

It was a Scarlett Johansson situation.

Oh my God.

Yeah, it is.

And thank you for pointing that out.

But it's like really good character work.

Okay.

Well, very good.

And great making.

Carter is the name of the show.

Carter, catch it.

Catch it.

WGN America, August 7th.

Coming up in a couple weeks here.

So getting out ahead of the press game here.

I like that.

Oh yeah.

All right, Christian.

Very good.

Thank you for being here.

I'm so excited.

I yeah, I think I'll stick around.

Yeah, we have other guests to talk to.

Oh, great.

They have other projects.

I mean, as prestigious as that.

I'm not sure.

I mean, WGN America.

I don't even know what any of that is.

I know what America is.

What is WGN?

It's a channel, Scott.

It's a channel.

They have the right content.

Why didn't they distinguish it between international and America?

Because...

I get BBC America.

Yeah.

But it's because maybe they're going to take over the world.

Okay.

Maybe they're going to have WGN Canada, WGN Toronto.

I don't know, Scott.

This is a Canadian show?

It is a Canadian show, and it's also produced by Sony.

Sony Television Pictures.

Can you go over there to the Sony lot?

Yeah.

Fun stuff.

It's a fun set.

All right, let's get to our next guests.

They are famous pro athletes.

Maybe they play for the Toronto Raptors!

Toronto Raptors!

We'll figure out exactly whom they play for.

Please welcome to the show, Erupt and Swech.

Hey, what's up?

How you doing?

What's up?

How you doing?

Good.

You guys have deep voices, or you do, at least.

What was your name?

Yours?

I'm Swech.

You're Swech.

I'm Swech.

That's a deep voice.

Oh, thanks.

Is that good?

Is that a good thing?

I don't know.

What's up?

I'm Erupt.

You're Erupt.

Yeah.

Hello.

How you doing?

Welcome to the show.

This is Christian.

Hey, guys.

What's up, dude?

Hey.

I'm Scott.

How's it going, Scott?

Yeah, hey, what's up?

Yeah, no, we're pro gamers.

Yeah, we're pro gamers.

We're actually the top ranked.

Which game do you play?

Basketball, football, baseball?

Video games.

Yeah, we're pro video game players.

Video games.

Oh, OK.

Did you say athletes?

Yeah, I guess I got some wrong information on the card here.

I mean, we sweat when we play, so.

It's a sport.

No, yeah, yeah.

You're sweating right now, by the way.

You're just dripping.

Yeah, no, I don't feel good.

There's no airflow in here.

Yeah.

Wait, are you watching the movie I watched?

Well, that's why they call me a rut.

I have terrible IBS.

Oh, really?

Oh, yeah.

I'm so sorry.

No, yeah, it's all right.

Um, now that's all I'm going to be able to think of when I look at you.

I'm just thinking of your butthole and how itchy it must be.

Oh, wow.

I'm going to run and take a shit right after the show.

OK, right after?

OK, but you can handle it.

I can hang.

I'm not going to walk out of a movie.

Oh, thank you.

You know what I mean?

Yeah, yeah, that's classy.

You always watch his movies all the way through.

Yeah, all the way through.

No matter what's going on down there.

I'll go all the way through.

Wait, which way on Swordfish?

Eating it or watching it?

Watching it.

I will watch the fish.

I mean the movie Swordfish with Hugh Jackman.

Oh, right, right.

Yeah, I'll watch that too.

Wasn't Halle Berry in that?

She blew him.

Yeah, we know what you're thinking of.

I don't remember.

Yeah, she's trying to code.

They try to get him to code while she goes under the table.

And Hugh Jackman's got his frosted tips.

Yeah.

It's pretty cool.

It's a good movie.

Great movie.

But you guys like to eat Swordfish?

No, we like to play video games.

So you play video games.

Welcome to the show.

Thanks.

We're pro gamers.

You're pro gamers.

Welcome to the show.

All right.

Pro gamers erupted in Swetch.

Yeah, Swetch.

Short for hooded sweatshirt.

Oh, okay.

Maybe a sweat.

How would you spell that?

Swetch, S-W-E-A-T-C-H.

Why not just sweat?

Because you guys do that a lot when you play.

Yeah, Swetch is a little cuter.

Swetch is like...

It is cuter.

Swetch sounds like an abbreviation.

Swetch is just its own freestanding word.

So it's sweat with a CH at the end.

Yeah, like sweatshirt.

Well, I mean, sweatshirt, if you were to do it's sweat with an SH.

I know the letters are different, but you get that sound.

If you're saying hooded sweatshirt, you get that.

Shouldn't it be S-W-E-A-T-S-H?

Swetch?

Shirt.

Yeah, but the CH gives it that sort of slicey...

Slicey dicey.

Okay.

It's your nickname.

Welcome to the show, guys.

Thank you.

Thanks for having us.

Yeah, so we're the top ranked players in the battle royale game.

Dubtub?

You know what I'm talking about?

I don't.

How is that spelled?

It's DBTB.

DBTB.

It stands for Dairy Babies Top Battle.

It's like Fortnite.

I don't know if you ever played Fortnite.

I know Fortnite.

Yeah, that's like...

Children play that, right?

Yeah, it's a battle royale.

Children, adults.

Yeah, lots of people play that.

But mainly when I've heard about it, it's been like my nephew will be playing it with a bunch of kids.

All right, so you heard about one kid that's your nephew.

There's other people.

That's the only strap-blading everybody.

I know.

Do you assume that all the kids who play it are your nephew?

Well, I wouldn't be surprised.

Really.

When we have pro gaming competitions, there's a lot of adults in the audience.

Okay.

Yeah.

And how long have you been playing video games?

A long time.

Like 10, 30 years.

10, 30 years.

30 years.

Yeah, it feels like yesterday.

Somewhere in that range.

Somewhere between 10 and 30.

And how old of a gentleman are you currently?

Don't look at each other.

I'm 38 years old.

This is something that Carter would do in the new series Carter.

He would split up the suspects.

Yeah, he would say like he's got to interview them separately.

We want to make sure we're not lying.

You know what I mean?

So how old are you?

I'm 38.

38.

Yeah.

37.

And how did you guys become friends?

We're brothers.

Oh, you are?

Oh, okay.

What's your last name?

Stokie.

Okay, great.

Sweatsh Stokie and Erupt Stokie.

Yeah, we're on a squad together called Surgeon with a couple other guys.

Is that like urgent with an S?

That's like insurgent without the I-M.

Oh, okay.

Yeah.

Got it.

With an apostrophe in front of it.

Oh, cool.

That's very cool.

And what is Dib Dib Dib?

Derry.

You said Derry Derry Babies of Modder.

It's a battle royale game basically where 100 children under the age of 12 are dropped on an island and they have to kill each other and the last person alive, the last child alive wins.

Wins the round.

Okay, so it's like a Lord of the Flies type of situation.

Is it based on the TV show The 100?

I don't know.

What is that?

What's The 100?

It's like a bunch of children dropped onto a plant like 100.

It's like it sounds like so much the same.

Do they have to kill each other?

Do they have to like shoot each other?

I didn't get past the first five minutes, so I don't know.

Did you have to take a shit?

Who?

Yeah, I had an eruption to mix you guys together and then I left the show to just explode.

But these kids kill each other.

How do they kill each other?

With guns.

There's like guns all over the island.

Guns, knives.

So it's like a Hunger Games meets Lord of the Flies kind of situation.

It's a battle royale.

You know, it's sort of paramilitary.

You get flak jackets.

You get like Molotov cocktails.

You can get in cars, tricycles.

Yeah, you can hit people.

Why not bicycles?

Are these kids not old enough to be able to do two wheels?

I think it's funny or something.

Oh, okay.

Yeah, it's like whims.

There's whimsical elements.

It's whimsy.

Okay, got it.

You can touch wheat.

You can like walk through a wheat field and touch the wheat.

Oh, wow.

Yeah.

That sounds fun.

But there's also real guns.

You got the AR-15, the Skaar-L.

You got the UMP-9.

Yeah, you got the AKM.

You got the M416-A.

You got like a four optic, like a four times optic.

Yeah, you got the four times scope.

You got the sights, the holograph.

You got like a stun grenade.

You can like stun children and then like shoot them in the chin.

You can do whatever you want.

Why not shoot them first?

Like it cuts out the middleman.

Well, if they're running, if they're like in a room or something hiding in a corner, you throw a stun grenade in and then you can run in.

Okay.

You guys seem to know a lot about weapons.

Is that from the game?

That's from the game.

We're gamers.

Yeah, we're gamers.

Do you use these in real life as well?

We own guns in real life.

We're cosplayers too, so we'll buy a gun and take it to like...

We go to conventions, we go to gaming conventions.

You're not taking real guns to...

Oh yeah, yeah.

Well, we go to gun conventions.

We do a thing with, we're gonna, you know, we do like a fun Q&A thing with Maria Butina, where we like shoot guns.

The Russian spy?

Yeah, she's a Russian nationalist.

Yeah, she's cool.

Yeah.

Did you guys hear, have you been reading the news lately?

We saw...

Not really.

Okay, well, I saw some of the news.

Oh, you did?

What did you see?

I saw she got like arrested or something like that.

Yeah, she got arrested for being a Russian spy and trading sex for...

It's ridiculous.

She traded sex?

She traded it, yeah.

For what?

What?

For access to certain things.

She didn't have sex with us.

She's still trading?

Yeah.

She's not, she's out of the business.

Okay, just checking.

She didn't have sex with you?

She didn't have sex with me.

Well, she's supposed to show up at a convention.

I don't...

She may not.

Yeah, I don't think she will be.

She's pretty wily.

I think she'll...

You think she'll escape?

Yeah, she'll get it.

We have a contract with her, so...

Yeah, we do.

Okay, so what happens at these conventions?

You bring weapons to them and you talk to people, do Q&As?

We give like tips and tricks on games and then we fire real weapons.

At what?

Into the air.

Into the air and at like...

Can a bullet go through styrofoam?

Can a bullet go through cardboard?

Yeah.

Can a bullet go through metal?

You know, we sort of like have different materials and...

It's just over 30 materials.

Start with a metal.

Because that's the first one that I'm sort of iffy on, whether it could...

Yeah, but it's fun to see, you know, you know.

I guess so.

You know a bullet goes through styrofoam, but not everybody, you know.

Right, okay, I guess so.

So, Dibdib, for I guess we must have listeners who have played this, you guys are the best at it?

We're the best.

We're ranked number one and number two.

Who's one and who's two?

Well, he's number one currently, but we keep going back and forth.

Okay, wow.

Do you guys team up?

A lot of times when you're playing...

We're a squad together.

We're a squad.

It's called Surgeon.

Two of our good friends, one guy called Disloyalty and the other guy's name is Artifice.

Okay, cool.

You wouldn't find like...

We're a squad.

Great guys.

Yeah, Disloyalty, you know, he's always got your back.

He's always got your back.

And Artifice.

Artifice, he's the most upfront guy you'll meet.

Take him at face value.

Yeah, true.

They're really cool guys.

Yeah, they sound great.

Yeah, and so we're going on this like, we're going on this gaming tour right now with our squad.

We're like, we face other squads, you know, and we're here...

Tips and tricks.

Yeah, Q&A's and stuff like that.

What are these tips and tricks?

What are some of the tips and tricks that you guys do?

Let's say you're trying to kill, you know, somebody on the move running, you know, you got to lead, you got to put your reticle in front of the target, you got to lead your target.

Let's say you're on like the DORF map, right?

Sure.

And there's like section like A14, right?

There's like this little like concrete lip.

On the map grid.

Sure, yeah.

It's like the old Thomas guides.

Do you know what those are?

Yeah.

You guys are 38 and 37.

I would imagine you would know what a Thomas guide is.

Yeah, but we didn't live in Los Angeles in the 90s.

You didn't go to auditions in the 90s?

No.

No, Scott, not everybody had your exact experience.

Anyway.

But I get a grid.

I understand a grid.

A and then 14.

Right.

And there's this like little concrete lip, which you can like get prone behind.

You can wedge yourself under it.

You get stuck there.

You can't move after that.

But if you hide there.

Yeah.

You can at least top five.

Yeah.

Okay.

Interesting.

So those are good.

And you too, when you say your tour, what do you mean?

There's this tour.

It's the Jack Jack Links, Teriyaki K Cup Capcom tour.

Wait, Jack Links, Teriyaki K Cup?

Yeah.

It's a coffee K Cup and K Cup and Jack Links have combined.

Teriyaki is its own company too.

Teriyaki is a flavor.

It's a flavor.

It's a licensing operation that licenses the flavor.

The flavor of Teriyaki.

So what's Jack Links?

That's beef jerky, salmon jerky, deer jerky.

Teriyaki.

I get Teriyaki jerky.

No, not Teriyaki.

It's just Teriyaki the flavor.

Right.

Yes.

But Jack Links got in a dispute with Teriyaki.

They can't make a Teriyaki flavor anymore.

They thought they could just use Teriyaki.

No.

So I'm sorry.

It's jerky and then Teriyaki coffee?

Teriyaki the flavor.

The flavor.

And then K cups.

Yeah.

And also Capcom.

Just the technology that makes the K cups?

K cups?

Just the empty cups.

Just the empty K cups.

The reusable ones.

The food with...

So the food is stored within these reusable cups?

No, it's just empty cups.

It's just...

The wet coffee grounds.

The sponsor is this intermediate point on the Keurig supply chain.

They're not combining these things.

No, no.

These are all the sponsors.

These are separate sponsors.

Got it.

That's right.

And Capcom, you know, the video game company, but they make hats now.

They do.

Jack Links and Teriyaki are in a dispute over whether they...

But they're partnering up on this.

They really don't want to get sidelined on this.

I mean, I feel like we're...

Yeah.

I'm sorry.

Yeah, let's talk about the actual tour.

Jack Links made Teriyaki jerky.

Yeah.

Teriyaki is its own company that holds the patent on the flavor.

On the flavor profile.

And they sued Jack Links, and so they had to take all the Teriyaki.

They had to wash all the jerky.

They washed it.

They packaged it.

They just didn't throw away.

They washed it off and repackaged it.

Yeah, I guess that's a waste of jerky if you just throw those in the trash.

If you look, if you go to the store now, all the Jack Links Teriyaki packaging just has black electrical tape over the word Teriyaki.

Interesting.

And all the Teriyaki looks wet?

It's soaking wet.

It's wet.

And it's plain now.

Yeah, it's plain and it's wet.

And there's like a sort of a black algae growing.

So it's not even jerky.

It's just beef.

It's reconstituted beef.

Well, yeah.

Right.

Because they had to make it.

So wet, it probably sprang back to life.

It came back.

It became beef again.

Yeah.

Jack Links beef.

It's a little fatter.

It's a little thicker.

Yeah.

Well, this sounds great, guys.

So you're on tour.

We're on tour.

Yeah.

And we've made like a promise to a lot of our fans.

It's like the Jack Links joint suicide pact.

What's this now?

That we set.

Well, it's the JLJS basically.

Oh, that sounds cool.

Yeah, we made this like pact that if either of us fall under five.

Like ranked five.

We're going to do a joint suicide pact.

In the game?

We've done a pact.

You guys do it in the game?

How does that help you in the game?

Real life.

If we, if our squad falls under five, we're going to do.

A joint suicide.

A live online suicide.

Live online?

Live online.

Yeah.

That's dark.

That's, uh, yeah.

Well, we're never going to, we're the top ranked.

Like that's the promise.

Yeah, but you just announced on the show how to hide and just hide under a piece of concrete and become fists.

So what if all the people you guys are giving tips and tricks away?

All your followers are going to start doing these tips and tricks.

No, we've got some more.

Have you guys, do you, you're not going to trick us now.

Have you guys checked in on the rankings since you've been doing the show?

I mean, you've been away from the, the, the console.

Well, I mean, no, we haven't.

We've been, we're like, we're dating a lot right now.

You're dating a lot?

So you guys haven't been playing all that much?

Yeah, we should probably check in on those rankings.

I want to hear about the dates though.

You guys are dating a lot.

We got girlfriends.

Hey, my boy's embarrassed.

Yo, why are you embarrassed?

I don't know.

You're making me red and shit.

You guys are dating.

Yeah, we're dating.

Are these the first girlfriends you've ever had or I don't know why I would assume.

No, come on.

They're just like, you know, when you're on tour, you know, you got a lot of like chicks coming up to you who are, who might be a little bit, you know, famous.

Are you talking about Maria Bettina?

Well, no, I'm Maria Bettina and I, uh, tell him, tell him, tell him.

Tell me.

We're talking about.

Please tell me.

Yo, what are you, what is this?

Come on.

Come on, don't be shy.

Joey, Laurie Adams and Claire Forlani.

Joey, Lauren Adams from, from the, from Jason Amie.

Yeah.

Claire Forlani.

Shout out to meet Joe Black.

Yeah.

Joe Black.

Yeah.

They're all all rats.

They're yeah.

They're all in mall.

They're all in my, that's wow.

Um, and, and you, and so they still hang out together and they go to your tour and yeah, hang out.

They come over the house, you know, hang out, watch us fucking game.

Are they gamers?

Why are they going to these gaming conventions?

They're, uh, I guess they're like, we've met him at like a signing or something after.

So I don't know.

We didn't really ask.

Yeah.

They wanted to wear signature.

Yeah.

They just hang out still.

They were all on the tour as professionals or, or they were watching you.

No.

Why were they out there at the tour?

I think it was like a signing or something.

You guys have not talked to your girlfriends, but they still have like Aniston haircuts and sort of black nineties lipstick and cool.

Yeah.

Well, it was like a sign, you know, we do signings after, like we signed the game or something or t-shirts and they were signed.

The lorats merchandise.

You signed.

They were, they were, they were on another table.

That's what I'm saying.

They were there at the convention as professionals.

Yeah, exactly.

Okay.

Yeah.

Why did you look so, so confused by my question?

Switch.

Okay.

Well, this, this sounds great guys.

Yeah.

Um, should we check the rankings?

Yeah.

I mean, have you haven't checked there?

You've been out there dating with Claire and Joey.

Yeah.

Dating, you know, what do you do on dates with these girls?

Well, they come over a lot.

They come over, they watch this game.

Yeah.

We heat up, uh, burritos.

Yeah.

We're living in our parents' bedroom.

We still live in our parents' house.

Yeah.

Parents' bedroom, you said?

Yeah.

Well, we move, a lot of people live in their parents' basement.

We live in our parents' bedroom.

So we like, we forced our parents to move to the basement.

We forced them down to the basement.

Oh, okay.

Cool.

And it sucks for them, you know, like I'm trying to get, like, I'm trying to build like a little door, you know, for them to like, so they don't feel like they have to walk through my part of the house.

Right.

A little doorware in the...

Like in there in the basement so they can walk in and out of the basement whenever they want.

It sucks because a lot of my friends like to kick their ass and like, you know, like to hurt them.

Oh God.

Wow.

So like, I just...

Hmm.

So the Stokies are, are, are getting beat up constantly in their previous house?

Yeah.

It's still their house.

The house they raised children in?

They moved a lot of their stuff.

We still have the, their bedside tables.

Their night tables.

Yeah.

They still have moms.

Why did you keep those?

Moms hand creams and stuff are in the tables so she has to come up at night and get it.

Why?

Just move them downstairs.

Nah, nah, nah.

It's like a power move kind of thing.

Okay, got it.

Moms got to come up and put her hand creams on.

But don't wake me up.

Don't wake me up.

Yeah, we go to bed early.

Yeah.

What time?

We go to bed before our parents.

Nine.

Moms got to come up in her night shirt and put the hand cream all over herself.

Yeah, I'm just warning you.

Don't wake me up.

Just warning you.

Do you have separate beds or still the same bed that your parents maybe?

It's two sleep bed.

It's a twin bed.

It's a sleep number bed.

Yeah.

It's two of them.

You guys are such interesting fellows.

The Stokie brothers and your parent and your one year apart.

One year apart.

Yeah.

Wow.

So the Stokies, they were really using their bed.

Well, really twins actually.

What does that mean?

He was left in the womb for over like 10 months.

Left behind.

What?

Left behind.

No, first child left behind.

Yeah.

No, just is that, no, you can't leave a man behind to me.

I'm sure you guys know that from Dib Dib.

Well, you know, it's sort of like jerky if you think about it.

In what way?

If you put a little water on it, it starts to get...

It just reconstitutes itself?

So 10 months in, you came out of the womb and you got a little water put on you and you became a real baby.

So, but Mike, I guess what I'm wondering is, is why are you...

You count your age from when you came out of the vagina and not from when you were conceived?

Doesn't everybody?

I guess so.

Most people do.

Well, no, but what I mean to say is, is like sometimes if a baby is premature, they...

Where do you see his life starting?

Scott?

Obviously at conception.

Where did life begin, Scott?

Obviously at conception.

No, it's just sometimes hard to gauge a premature baby's age because they...

Or post-mature.

They seem...

Their birth age is older than their size.

Right.

You mark it from when your toes exit the cervix.

Okay.

Well, what if you're head first?

Then you mark it from your cow lick.

Like your alfalfa cow lick?

Okay.

So you're a year apart, but you're actually...

I guess I wondered why you looked so similar.

Yeah.

No, it's we're...

I mean, we'd look similar if we were brothers, but twins.

Yeah.

We're very, very close.

Yeah.

Very close.

Shut the fuck up.

What are you doing?

You're gonna be like, you're gonna fuck me or something.

Guys, guys.

Jesus Christ, you're on the radio.

Okay, guys, look.

Anyway, we got the Jack Links, Terry Act.

Come on, he's trying to move on.

He's trying to go somewhere.

I'm trying to go to a break.

I mean, I'm sure there's more to talk to you guys about, but we do need to go to a break if that's okay.

Sure, yeah.

But the Jack Links, Terry Aki, K-Cup, Capcom, who make hats now.

What kind of hats?

Fedoras or what do they do?

Like little baseball hats.

Little ones?

Yeah, like for ice cream.

The ones that you would turn upside down and do a soft serve in?

Yeah.

Got it.

All right.

We're gonna come right back.

We have more from Christian here.

We also have more from Erupt and Swetch.

And also coming up, we have a famous telenovela star.

This is very exciting.

Raul de la Mantra will be here.

We'll be right back with more Comedy Bang Bang after this.

Comedy Bang Bang, we're back here.

Christian Bruhn is here.

Go ahead and pour that.

You were about to pour and then I came back from break and you very nicely.

There was no warning.

Sorry.

I wouldn't know about apologies.

Yeah.

We also have Erupt and Swetch.

Stokke from the Dibtib rankings, they're number one and number two, or at least they were before they started dating Claire Forlani and Joey Lauren Adams from Mallrats, who are still rocking the Jennifer Aniston cuts and the black lipstick from the 90s.

And you have not checked your rankings during the break?

Is that correct?

No, we have not.

You've not checked?

No.

Okay.

Well, maybe we'll do that at some point, but we do need to get really curious driving towards it or something.

Yeah.

We do need to get to our next guest.

He is a telenovela star.

Please welcome to the show Raul de la Mantra.

We're very well.

I think that means no, that means.

Well, welcome.

Welcome all of us.

Thank you.

Raul de la Mantra.

Like Don Quixote.

Oh, you said mantra because I'm pretty.

Yeah, I said mantra.

Okay.

What did you think I said?

I thought you said mantra.

Oh, I thought your producer, my producer said mantra.

Well, bienvenidos would be my mantra.

Ah, I got it.

Okay.

Wow.

Estoy aquí mira.

Estoy aquí en comedia boom pow.

Comedia bang bang, but in Spanish.

Comedia boom pow.

Boom pow.

Bang bang.

Boom pow.

Eso mira.

Welcome to the show.

Raul.

Gracias.

What telenovela are you on?

I am telenovela que se llama amor sexo ratoncitos.

Amor sexo.

What was the last word?

Ratoncitos.

Gratoncitos.

Ratoncitos.

Gratoncitos.

No, no G ratoncitos.

Ratoncitos.

Eso mira.

What is ratoncitos?

In English it means amor, love, sexo, ratoncitos, tiny mice.

Tiny tiny what?

Tiny mice.

Mice?

Mice.

Like the little plural of mouse.

Yeah, like ratoncitos.

Like tiny mice.

So love, sex, and tiny mice.

Yes.

What an interesting show.

Yes.

What are the plots on this show?

Well, it's a magical realist show where I play the mayor of a town, Juan Vega.

That's the town or the mayor?

That's the mayor.

He's a small mayor of a town.

He's a small mayor?

Yes.

But you're a tall person.

Right.

How does that work?

CGI has got very high budget in Mexico.

Okay.

Yeah.

Maybe some forced perspective, tricks, stuff like that.

But he falls in love with a ratoncito, a small woman who has been turned into a mouse.

He falls in love with a small woman.

So she starts small and gets smaller?

She meets a witch and then she turns her into a mouse.

And who plays this woman?

Stefania Rodriguez.

Stefania Rodriguez?

Yeah, Stefania Rodriguez.

Okay.

And the most famous actress in Tolo del Efes.

She's also very tall.

See?

Yes.

Why cast these...

Well, I guess why not just start the characters as tall?

It's part of the...

It would be the easier part than trying to cast a small person.

I am solo an actor, Scott.

I'm not a writer.

Okay.

I do not know why they decided to do that, but...

Okay.

All right.

Very good.

So it sounds like a very interesting show.

So you do a lot of scenes with a real mouse?

Well, no, it's a CGI mouse.

CGI mouse.

And you're CGI as well?

I'm just CGI to be shorter than I really am.

Okay.

And yes, but they do...

How do they do that?

They CGI your legs or your entire body?

Yes, it's a framing device, Scott.

They put me close to the camera, but then we have a set that is big, right?

Right, yeah.

So forced perspective stuff.

Exactly.

Yeah, but you mentioned it was CGI.

So how does that come into play?

The CGI is my feet away.

Okay.

That happens.

It happened to Quentin Tarantino.

Yeah.

He'll run right away.

Okay.

So they make you shorter by just chopping off your feet.

But it is very interesting to...

Is it?

As an actor to be...

You know, so the mouse is played by a tennis ball until they are able to CGI the mouse, right?

Got it.

And he's like, how do I love this tennis ball?

I do not know.

You have to act like you're in love with a tennis ball.

Because Ratoncito.

Right.

And it makes you wonder if you're in love with a tennis ball?

Sometimes I go to Dick's Sporting Goods or a Big Cinco and I think to myself, do I love all the balls in here?

Well, there's a lot of them.

See?

You know?

So I mean, like you could have just a good old fashioned orgy with, you know, as many tennis balls as there are in a Big Cinco.

Yeah, that's true.

Would you tell me, Scott, if I made a movie where I was doing an orgy with a tennis ball, would you stay through the whole thing or go shit your brains out?

I'm not quite sure.

So I mean, I guess that's a challenge as an actor to have to work with something that's not there.

I mean, the original Jurassic Park was one of the first instances that I can think of that.

They put all of the velociraptors, which can be shortened as Raptor.

All of those were CGI.

Yeah, they shortened the name Velociraptor to Raptor using CGI.

Mm hmm.

Yep, exactly.

Actually used a lot of practical effects in the first Jurassic Park.

Yeah, but it was a mixture.

Right.

Was it not?

You sound like you're correcting me when I say they use CGI.

You said you remember the raptors.

All of those were CGI.

Well, all of them were at times CGI, were they not?

There wasn't ever one that was not CGI at certain points.

There were practical raptors.

They were practical sometimes, but occasionally, but more often than not, they were CGI.

All right, all right.

All of the raptors were CGI at certain points.

Did you have to chime in?

I thought it'd be a quick chime in.

He's fencing me in now with some weird logic.

It's not weird.

Yes.

So the practical raptors, have you guys seen that show on TruTV called Impractical Raptors?

I haven't.

So this is, have you guys seen this show, Swetch Christian?

Impractical Raptors?

What is your name?

Erupt.

No, his show, the Amor Sasso Ratoncito.

Ratoncito.

I've auditioned for it three times.

Wow, which part did you read for?

The hedgehog.

Oh, wow.

Sonic?

No, no, no.

Oh, okay.

Harry.

Harry the hedgehog.

Harry.

How do you say Harry in Spanish?

Harry.

So you auditioned, but you didn't get the part?

You know, I didn't get the part.

I had three auditions for it.

I went down to producers and I guess the biggest issue was I don't speak Spanish.

So I had trouble with the script and the acting part of that.

Right.

Yeah, I can imagine.

Yeah, but I got all the way through.

Chemistry test.

Yeah.

That's just how good you are.

I guess.

I got that look.

You have trouble with the acting.

Yes.

But they still sail you through to producers.

You've said that oftentimes.

We haven't seen it, but we're sponsored by mice.

Oh?

Which mice?

It's called rock hard mice.

They're like, you know, like a mouse.

Like a gaming mouse.

Oh, like a computer mouse?

Yeah.

Is that what you're talking about?

Yeah.

In my show?

No.

It's like a gaming mouse.

That is a thing that I understand conceptually, but it is not in this instance what I am talking about.

You sound like a vampire.

No.

No, you don't sound like a vampire.

I'm sorry.

My mistake.

So you're sponsored by?

Rock hard mice.

They're like these, like, sort of like the Swiss army.

It's a souped up gaming mouse.

Souped up gaming mouse.

It's got like a knife connected to it, like a little hammer.

It's got a bunch of buttons.

Yeah.

It was designed by Michael Bay.

And it's got like this little.

Why would you need a knife and a computer mouse?

Just in case someone fucks with you, you know?

You can use the cord to like tie your neck off.

It's still a corded mouse.

Yeah.

It's not a cord.

It's got an extra cord.

Yeah.

You can use it to tie off your.

Like a garroting cord?

You can use it to tie off your neck and.

There's like a little drawer in the mouse and you pull it open.

There's a little lemon wedge in there.

And you can.

For espresso?

No.

Or cake cups.

To asphyxiate yourself.

To asphyxiate.

Oh, it's part of the process of.

I see.

So this is a mouse designed to help you with erotic asphyxiation.

And gaming.

What is the slogan for this product?

Get fucked, I think.

Cool.

Yeah.

We didn't write it.

Yeah.

You guys take no responsibility for it.

We take no responsibility.

We step back from that end.

So what an interesting show.

How long has it been on the air?

14 seasons.

It's 14 seasons.

Amazing.

The telephone of novela landscape in Mexico is grand.

There's people like to watch an interesting show.

So you're having sex with a mouse.

Yes, but I'm also doing a movie, Scott.

Oh, congratulations.

That's great.

Yes.

Okay.

Yes.

Dare I ask what the movie is about?

Movie is a biopic.

Bell Pico.

The Gabriel Garcia Marquez.

Gabriel Garcia Marquez.

Who is that again?

He wrote a hunger.

Oh, come on.

Cien año de soledad.

Do you read books?

Do you read books, Scott?

Famous novelist, Scott.

Huge, huge writer.

How do you gamers know about this?

We read a lot.

It's on my mother's nightstand.

She has to come up with any type of book.

She has the cavalry in play.

She has the red tent.

I know cavalry in clay.

A lot of Michael Chabon.

So, and you're, what was his life like that you are in a biopic regarding this?

Well, it is more of, we're doing sort of a magical re-imagining of his life.

Like what if he was a giant man?

Okay.

So bigger than you because you're very tall.

Correct.

Yes.

This is a reverse process for me where I am playing bigger in the movie than I really am in real life.

I'm six foot seven.

Right.

And so, and how tall is this character?

Fourteen.

Fourteen feet.

So, so you, uh, how does that, how is that done?

You get closer to the camera or?

It's come all an iron giant.

Oh, okay.

Which was an animated film.

Correct.

So it's an animated film?

No, I don't make the movies, Scott.

So you knocked all these would be questions you would ask going into the movie.

Is it animated?

How am I going to look taller?

No, sir.

You don't know.

Okay.

Got it.

Who's directing?

Is it Guillermo del Toro?

Benicio del Toro.

Oh wow.

Good for him.

Amazing.

Is he going to talk in his Star Wars, the last Jedi accent the whole time?

I can only hope so.

Because that accent was, uh, I mean, it's as true to life as yours.

Si.

Well, this is, uh, uh, con, it sounds like you're doing film, you're doing television.

Todo todo todo todo.

I mean, guys, it's, it's, you know, I'm making more movies.

It's it's, you know, I'm making more money now than I have ever made in my whole life.

Congrats.

Because I am from a small town in Northern Mexico.

Hmm.

El boton.

El boton?

Mm hmm.

The button.

Yes.

Because it's very small.

Okay.

And so you, you're making a lot of money.

Congrats.

I just bought my whole village.

In baton?

In si.

Oh, wow.

Congrats.

I mean, that's the dream.

Yes.

Come back and buy everyone you grew up with.

Exactly.

Now I am the mayor.

You're the, oh, because you bought it or they elected you.

That's the way it works in Mexico.

Small mayor.

Small, exactly.

Small mayor.

But you're tall.

But I am tall.

Yeah.

It is so great to own your high school bully.

Have you ever thought about that?

Yeah.

Wow.

Bought and paid for.

What do you, do you make him do anything or?

Yes.

What do you make him do?

He is my personal assistant.

He drove me here today.

Oh, congratulations.

That's so cool.

Yes, it's good.

I do not like him, but I like ordering him around.

Yeah, I bet.

Yeah.

And how did, and he has to just take it.

He has to take it because I own him, his family, and all of his, his history.

His, how do you mean?

I purchased his history.

How, what does that mean?

Well, in Mexico, everything is for sale.

Todos a compra.

Okay.

So I, yo compre su historia.

I bought his history.

You just bought his history so he doesn't own it anymore.

Yes.

So can you change it?

I can change it.

Okay.

Yes.

Do you have ideas for what he should be in the past?

Well, what was he in the past?

He was a bully.

That's all I know about him.

He was a bully and a professional basketball player.

For who?

For the Toronto Erators.

Oh really?

Wait, wait, wait.

What was his name?

Vince Carter.

Oh my God.

Vince Carter.

He's from Mexico.

And is your former bully and is your current driver?

Yes.

Wow.

That's, that's huge.

That's incredible.

Oh my God.

That's so exciting.

Wow.

So that's where he is.

I thought he was still playing.

No, he's driving me around.

Oh wow.

Uh, congratulations to you, uh, Raul on your success and your money.

We're going to come right back with more Raul de la Mancha, uh, more erupt and swetch.

And of course, Christian here, we're going to be right back with more comedy, bang, bang after this.

Comedy, bang, bang.

Christian was reaching for that water again.

Pour me some, if you're going to, you never worn.

How do I know you're going to be needing water every at every, uh, braid.

Now I have to pour your water.

Yes, you do.

You're bought and paid for.

You're a Vince Carter to me.

You don't own me.

Oh man.

I wish anybody else want water.

No, good.

It runs.

You're good.

I'm good.

Thank you.

It upsets my stomach.

Water does.

Yeah.

What do you eat normally?

I mean, you don't like swordfish.

Lots of like dirty tacos.

Uh, just what does it have potato chips that are hanging on the floor?

Just dirty tacos.

Yeah.

What are dirty tacos?

Like tacos that have been on my mother's nightstand for a few days.

Okay.

Lots of those.

Yeah.

Maybe, maybe those are what is upsetting your stomach and not the water.

I don't think so.

I think it's the water.

Yeah.

Water.

I love like, you know what upsets my stomach is ginger ale.

Like that really upsets my stomach.

Dry toast.

Yeah.

Rice, white rice.

White rice.

Bland chicken.

Chicken breast.

Chicken breast soup.

You can't do it.

Can't do it.

But dirty tacos.

Dirty tacos.

Real good.

Yeah.

So, so August 7th is the next competition?

Yeah, that's right.

Yeah.

We do it between, um, the Hiroshima Nagasaki bombings.

Yeah.

When were those?

I don't remember.

August 6th and August 8th.

Oh, okay.

So that's the way to always remember.

Give them a break.

Mil novecentos cuarenta y cuatro.

It'll be live on Twitch.

Live on Twitch.

Yeah, but you can come and see it.

Yeah.

I'm a little worried you're going to take some of our audience away from our premiere.

Uh.

Because I'm sure a lot of gamers are going to dig this show.

Yeah.

This is business, man.

It's just business.

It's no Carter.

Oh, Carter.

Carter.

Yeah.

It's not Castle.

No, no, no, no, no.

It's not Castillo.

Castillo.

Carter.

Where is the competition that you guys are in?

Where you guys are going to be at?

It's international, actually.

It's international.

Are you guys at your parents' house, though?

It's in...

Doing it?

No, no.

We're at the actual event.

It's in Reykjavik.

Oh, it's in Reykjavik.

Oh, Iceland.

Yeah.

That's...

We go...

It's like an international tour.

We're all over the place.

Right.

We're like...

We're going to Belize to do an event.

Are you coming to Mexico?

Yeah, I think so.

Yeah, we'll go to just like the Yucatan Peninsula.

Yeah.

It's not close to El Boton.

We're doing it like on Prince Edward Island.

Oh, we're going to Yemen.

We're going to Yemen.

Weird tour this is.

Is this financially feasible?

Yeah, I think so.

We're going to do like a lifeboat in the Southeast Asian Sea.

Yeah, in international waters.

And what are your parents going to be doing while you're out there on tour?

They're going to be like in the basement.

In the basement.

They're pretty sick because there's some like black mold down there.

Yeah.

Some wet carpeting.

Put some paper plates with a little bit of carrots on them.

So yeah.

When you said you were trying to put a door into the basement, I assumed that just meant from the outside or something.

No, no.

Further down deeper into the basement.

It's a door that goes into like a small hole.

Oh.

Where they can think.

We're calling it the thinking hole.

Yeah.

Because right now they're like leavings are just piling up in the corner.

And we want to get them somewhere to...

Like they're droppings?

Yeah, yeah.

They're spore.

They're like little fucking doody balls like a deer.

Yeah.

Right.

They're dry because they don't get a lot of water.

So they're like dry little like hay balls.

Give them some water.

Let them go to the bathroom.

So they have water.

They just don't want to drink it because it's like hard water.

Plus they're fucking rude.

It's ice?

It's like calcium.

No, like it's like got a lot of calcium.

Oh, okay.

You know, it's like lime.

So they're picky.

Yeah.

They're picky.

And they pick at their skin.

My mother picks it.

She's got long shitty nails.

She's got really dry skin.

She's always trying to put lotion on, but she can't.

She's terrible.

She's got awful skin.

It's hard to scoop it out with the lotion and get it on the...

Rub it into the skin properly.

I think she deserves it because she's got an awful voice.

You remember those old lotion commercials where they would scratch dry into their dry arms?

Yeah, I do.

Yeah.

She's got that all over.

She's got all these crazy ramblings scratched all into her arms.

Really?

And who does she hope will reap them?

Maybe my dad.

She's always trying to get dad to read them, but he's blind now.

He can't see.

Because of the darkness down there?

And I think vitamin C doesn't get enough of that.

So he has scurvy of some sort?

Oh yeah, in his eyes we dug them out with paper clips.

Yeah, we pissed into the holes and shit.

Yeah, so he can't read.

I mean, we're hoping to make it a little bit better for them.

Yeah, we're trying to get a bean bag chair.

I signed my dad up for the trunk club.

What is that?

That's like clothes are delivered to his house.

Clothes and like, you know, elephant trunks get delivered to your house.

Yeah, Donald Trump Jr.'s elephant trunk.

Personal collection?

Yeah, his personal collection.

Cool.

Well, so you're trying to make things a little bit better after you dug out their eyes and pissed in their skulls.

We're trying to do like, you know, we love Event Horizon.

Yeah, it's just another video game, right?

Yeah.

No, it's a movie.

Oh, the movie with Chris O'Donnell.

Sorry, it sounds like a video game.

Lawrence Fishburne and Sam Neill.

They go to another, they take an interdimensional spaceship into another ship and it makes them go crazy.

Um, it sounds like a video game.

So I assumed the movie was based on a video game.

Yeah.

Okay, cool.

It's fun.

It's fun to like, do that to your parents a little bit, you know, get them back for all the years they like, fucked you.

Yeah, I mean, that's exactly what Raul is doing with Vince Carter.

So yeah, I can imagine.

He's not dunking anymore.

She kept me in there for a full year, Scott.

She kept you where?

I was huge.

In her womb.

In her womb, yeah.

So she prevented you from getting out?

I was a baby.

I don't remember what happened.

Well, it might have been her.

What do you say?

You remember?

Well, yeah.

Sure.

I mean, like, I do remember a little bit from that.

I mean, I was one, but I remember a little bit.

What are you saying?

You...

What are you saying?

Are you the person that was preventing?

I don't know.

I might have like, I might have had a hand in it a little bit.

I'm sorry to say.

You put your hand in it?

No, I'm saying I might have had a hand in keeping you in.

Oh.

How so?

Well, I didn't want you to come out.

Okay.

Yes.

What were the mechanics of what you did?

I just...

Take a moment.

Well, me and Dad, me and Dad, we kept you in.

On my way out, I may have put something in your way.

I may have dropped something.

You like blocked the entryway?

I blocked it a little bit.

What'd you have in there?

I see you trying to get back at me by being ranked number one.

What?

I don't know.

I'm ranked number one because I'm a better player than you.

Fuck you.

In season seven, we did exactly this.

Estos daloco.

Wow.

Seven years ago.

Seven years ago, we did exactly this scene.

Wow.

A brother had shoved his hand into his mom's vagina to keep his twin brother from coming out.

I knew it.

And it was a hand.

And blocked something.

Wow.

Hmm.

You had your hand in there for a full year?

Yeah, maybe.

Maybe.

What are you gonna do about it?

Fuck you, Steven.

Holy shit.

Whoa.

Steven is your real name?

Whoa.

Steven Stokie?

Fuck you, Paul.

Oh, God.

Paul is your real name?

Whatever.

It's a rub.

Okay.

Paul's dorky.

So Steven and Paul Stokie here apparently finding out a familial revelation, a bombshell, if you will, much like the Nagasaki bombing.

Too soon.

You're the one who brought it up.

I brought it up because of the date.

It's a date that I know, and I like to trot it out as something I know.

So you're trying to brag about dates and knowledge?

Yes.

I brag about my trivial knowledge.

Well, look, I think you should be more upset at your brother Paul here, you know, for keeping you younger than him all these years and subjugating you.

I could barely breathe in there.

I had to get all my nutrients through an umbilical cord that was dry.

He was sucking a lot of nutrients out of your mom.

Sorry, bro.

He was taking them all from the breast, and you weren't getting them.

Yeah, that's right.

You got a full year of mama's milk.

By the time I came out, she was all dried out.

And I had to drink Sprite.

I'm sorry.

It's just business.

Solomon Day.

Business.

You got to hear the sound that comes off my dad's spine when we hit it.

It's got this like, when we hit, we hit our dad's stop trying to change the subject.

Fine.

Look, I'm sorry.

Okay.

I kept you in there.

I didn't want you born.

That's the truth.

I wanted you to die in there.

Anyway, so August 7th, we're going on tour.

You can't just move on.

I mean, he apologized, I guess, and told you why he did this.

It's over.

We've moved on.

I mean, I don't know.

I guess it's water under the bridge.

Yeah, exactly.

You just found this out.

Like just now.

I don't, I mean, I don't know if you guys can be on the same squad.

Surgeon.

I just think, look, if it wasn't for what I did, you wouldn't be who you are.

So I think I need a little recognition, a little thanks right now.

Yeah, I'm number one.

Yeah, that's right.

If you dip below number five, you have to kill yourself.

No, you already made the pact.

You already made the pact.

You have to kill yourself with me.

So if any of you drops out of the five, then all changing the rules of the pact.

It's already too late.

You signed it.

Let's take a look at this.

Let's check it out.

Do you have a copy of it?

Yeah, it's right here.

We have it on.

We raised a bunch of money on a kick ender.

You don't know what you're doing.

The suicide pact crowdfunded website.

Yeah, it looks like if any of you drops below the final five, then it seems like you guys should be looking out for each other because if not, everything's going to...

We should check our rankings right now.

You should, but you know, before we do that, we have one last thing to do on the show and that's a little something called plugs.

Hey, that was Short Song by Ted Kindig.

Appreciate the length of that.

I really appreciate it.

All right, well, let's plug some stuff.

Christian, what are you going to...

What do you got?

Carter coming out August 7th on WGN America.

What time?

Do you know?

Nope.

Got it.

And also an episode, a new Earwolf podcast, Supergroup.

Supergroup, yes.

Tiny Newsome and Alex Klenner's new podcast.

This is where they write a song, record it, mix it, everything within a week.

And you're on an episode with you.

I'm on an episode in a few weeks, so just keep an eye out.

Okay, very good.

Let's see.

Raul de la Mancha.

Obviously the show is Amor Sexo Ratoncito.

Amor Sexo Ratoncito in Telemundo, La Xocho de la Noche.

And Vince Carter.

Do you have any plugs for Vince Carter?

Vince Carter?

I don't know.

Yeah.

Check out Highlight Reels from the mid 2000s.

He was pretty good back then.

It was pretty like dunking content and stuff.

Yes.

Very good.

All right.

And Steven and Paul Stokie, AKA Erupt and Swech.

Your show is in Reykjavik on August 7th?

August 7th, yeah.

Yeah.

I know what Paul's plug is.

Plug up our mother's cervix for a year.

Jesus Christ, man.

It was fucking 37 years ago.

You know, I don't know.

Technically it was 38.

Yeah.

That's right.

Yeah, technically it was 38 years ago for a full year.

Fine, but even the last day counts.

I don't even know the logistics of this.

Like how she walked around and stuff.

Yeah, how did she walk around?

What do you mean how?

And she allowed this.

Or meant she wanted that too.

She wanted to keep you in there.

I guess dad and mom wanted it too.

I guess we all didn't want you around.

Oh God.

Considering that you eventually trapped them in the basement with no food and forced them to shit in a corner, maybe they were right.

It's your fault.

That's what he's saying.

No, I'm saying, well, yeah.

Yeah.

It's my fault because of what I did in the future as a result of their mistreatment of me.

Yeah, man.

You ever see Memento?

It's like that.

No, Memento is just backwards.

It's not a time loop.

This is more like Looper.

All right.

Look guys, let's not get off on what movie this is like because it's a fucked up situation that is your own lives.

All right.

Swordfish.

Okay.

An episode of Love Sex Mouse.

Yes.

Exactly.

Let's close up the old plug back because obviously.

What a bag.

It's time to open it.

Okay, guys.

That's the song you play to close the bag.

Yeah.

Thanks for listening every week.

I want to thank our guests.

Christian, thank you so much for being here.

Thank you for having me back, Scott.

Good luck to you.

Thank you.

I also want to thank Raul de la Mancha from Mexico, not Transylvania.

You didn't know I was talking about you.

Can we watch the show in America?

Yes, in Hulu.

Oh, great.

Hulu.

Okay, great.

And I also want to thank Erupt and Sweatch, aka Stephen and Paul, Stokie.

Do you guys want to check those rankings before we go?

Yeah, let's check it out.

How do you check them?

What's the process?

You got to go to message board.

Message board.

Backslash ranking, current ranking.

Ranking, current ranking.

Current ranking two slash one.

Okay.

So you guys have put that into your phones and you're checking it now?

And yeah, we're still one and two.

Okay, great.

Great.

Congrats.

So you guys come back any time then?

Yeah, great.

Yeah.

No suicide.

No suicide for us.

That was going to end differently.

But no happy ending for once.

I love it.

We did it.

The happiest comedy thing of all time.

All right.

We'll see you next time.

Thanks.

Bye.

♪ Heroes ♪ you Thank you.
