♪♪♪ Even if there are simpler ways to chew on bread, nothing beats the classic method teeth!

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang, and thank you to Shnick Pot for that catchphrase submission, and welcome to Comedy Bang Bang indeed.

What an exciting episode we have for you today.

I am Scott Aukerman, the host of Comedy Bang Bang, and occasionally on this show, we like to find icons of entertainment, and we like to sit down with very special one-on-one interviews with these very icons.

We've done it with Seth Rogen, we have done it with Brett Gellman, and today is another opportunity, and every day is an opportunity when you really think about it, but today is an opportunity for me to sit down with someone that I have admired throughout his career, a musician, certainly, of note, someone who has, if not topped the charts, certainly been bubbling under and maybe even appeared on them.

He is a musician, I think we covered that.

I don't know anything really about him, other than his name and of course his CV, as they say, but I have to welcome to the show for a special intimate, intimate, intimate, intimate one-on-one chat.

He is the lead singer of the musical combination-nay-group cameo.

Please welcome Larry Blackmon.

Y'all pretty ladies around the world, it's the real Larry Blackmon, so tell all the boys and girls, oh.

Hello, Larry!

Hello, Scott.

Thank you for letting me hang on this very special episode of Comedy Bang Bang, ow.

Yes, sir. Wow, that's just, that's an example of exactly how good Larry Blackmon is.

Amazing, twisting the lyrics of one of his hits around to express the sentiments therein of his appreciation to be here.

What a professional. Welcome to the show, Larry, it's so good to see you.

Thank you, Scott. Thank you for having me. How's your day going?

It's going really well. I mean, when you have the opportunity to sit down with someone such as yourself, how could it go any other way than wonderfully?

Oh, I'm very happy to be here.

You, of course, are the lead singer of the group cameo, an iconic group, certainly in the 80s with a song called Word Up.

Word Up!

Was that one of your biggest hits, I would imagine?

That was one of them, but we had a lot, Scott.

You did, you did. Yes, I'm looking at a list of some of your songs, but of course I want to let you say them because you must be so proud of them.

Absolutely. We had Word Up.

Word Up, of course, the aforementioned Word Up, which did that top the charts or did it straddle alongside or was it galloping in the distance?

It topped the charts. Excellent.

And we had Candy! Oh, I can feel it when you walk into the candy store.

I've always wondered about that. You, the lead singer, Larry Blackman, can feel it when someone walks into a candy store.

Oh, I can feel it. I say, oh.

Is that like when Luke Skywalker feels that Han is in trouble on the other side of the universe or is that the vibrations is your character, if not you, inside the actual candy store and feels the vibrations of the door opening?

Describe exactly what that is.

It's exactly like Luke Skywalker. I'm a Jedi.

OK, so you you have a special connection with the subject of that song.

Yes.

And can feel the vibrations in the force when he or she walks into a candy store.

Oh.

And why a candy store?

Because it's candy.

I got a sweet tooth sitting in a booth eating cheeseburgers and fries.

The other interesting part about that song is you proclaim you have a sweet tooth and then you follow it up saying that you're eating something which is savory, which I've always found to be a very interesting contradiction in a song which adds to the mystique of it.

The cheeseburger's got ketchup on it, Scott.

Ketchup is made of tomatoes. Tomatoes are a fruit.

Agreed. And it also has sugar in it. So you're right.

Although I wouldn't necessarily say that biting into a cheeseburger, even with ketchup, is a sweet experience.

It's sweet. A treat. I'm standing on my feet, Scott.

Mm-hmm. So you have word up. You have candy, which describes the act of eating a cheeseburger in a candy shop.

Or maybe you're not in a candy shop. You never describe exactly where you are. Perhaps you're at a diner and you feel the vibrations of the person walking into a candy shop.

Is that...

Absolutely, positively, Scott. You got it. We also have, she's strange and I like it.

That's right. She's strange and you like it.

Just the way she is.

Mm-hmm. You're describing a very odd person.

Yes. She's an alien, Scott. From another planet, she's strange.

I guess listening to the song as many times as I have over the years, I didn't know that she was an alien from another planet. How interesting. How did you come to write that song?

Well, Scott, I was sitting in that diner and I looked outside and I said, oh, there's a woman walking down the street and she was wearing a weird lime green suit. But she had lime green hair and lime green eyes and lime green thighs. Lime green thighs. She was shaped like a lime.

So she was sort of spherical in nature.

Short and spherical, just like candy.

Oh, okay. Is this like, this is in the candy universe then, the candy expanded universe?

Yes.

Okay. So I noticed you said you were sitting in the diner, so both of these songs sprang to mind when you were sitting in a particular diner?

Yes. Called Cat's Deli in New York City.

Of course we know Cat's Deli, yes. Is that where Harry and Sally had the famous I'll Have What She's Having Orgasm?

Yes, that's where it is. I was in there that day. I said, oh.

And how did you get involved with the band?

Well, I'm glad you asked, Scott. You see, I was in high school. I was walking down the halls, scratching both my balls when I ran into two other gentlemen who looked kind of like me. They both had on red thongs.

You were wearing a red thong and these two gentlemen were?

Yes.

And this was not some sort of a mirror in physical education class? You weren't walking by a mirror?

No, Scott. We were just fashion innovators. It was the 1970s.

I guess. I don't recall, I mean, I grew up in the 1970s. I don't recall being able to go to school wearing a thong.

It was New York City, Scott?

Oh, I'm sorry. I beg your pardon.

Where did you grow up, Scott?

California.

Ah. Maybe they had on blue thongs out here.

I think thong was the word that I was. Anyway, so you saw two gentlemen wearing red thongs and you thought, wow, I need to start a band with them.

I looked over at them. I said, ooh, who are you? They said, who are you two? I said, I'm Larry Blackmon and I want to start a band. They said, we can.

I have to say, I've been speaking with you for a good 10 minutes of our long, uninterrupted chat. I've noticed a certain musical cadence to your responses.

Sometimes I get musical. Sometimes I can talk regular.

Sometimes I cannot.

It's definitely inconsistent. I will agree with you on that.

It's all over the map in a way. If a map is confined to two places.

A map with two places, north and south, hemispheres.

Right. So it's just a, it's purely just a line map.

Yes.

It does not expand east nor west.

The earth is flat, Scott.

Oh, okay. You're a flat earther, just like Shaq?

I'm a flat earther, a real childbirther, Scott.

I wanted to get into that. Do you have family? You, you obviously, you just mentioned you were a childbirther.

You, have you spawned or sired many children in your, in your life as a, a rhythm and blues icon?

Yes, Scott. I have, unfortunately. I have been.

Unfortunately?

Yes. I have been out in the streets using all my meats and I personally have probably over 15 children in the world.

It's strange and I like it.

So wait, it's unfortunate, but it is strange and you like it.

Yes.

Okay. And you've been using all of your meats?

Yes.

Yes, Scott. Every inch of my meat, all the way down to my feet. It takes over me.

Is it all the way down to your feet?

Sometimes.

So Word Up, let's talk about Word Up.

Word Up.

Yeah. Word Up. How did that come about? Is that, I had never heard that phrase until the song.

Was it a popular phrase or did you popularize it? Do you create it and popularize it?

Word Up. It's the code word.

What does it mean by the way?

It's the code word.

Oh, it's the code word.

Yes. It was how I remembered my safe in my bedroom. It was a voice activated safe with all my goals.

So it's how you remembered your code. So what was your actual code? Because Word Up was just the reminder of the code.

Yes. Word Up. I'll explain it to you, Scott. It's numeric call.

Oh, okay. So is it like a telephone where?

It's 96738 and 7.

8 and 7?

96738 and 7. Word Up.

Word Up. Is that still your code on your ATM, automatic teller machine?

I can't tell you. Don't you steal my money, you damn little shrew.

I don't know that you should have given that out, but what an interesting secret that was. I mean, the writing of a song must be so difficult.

So for you to say, you know what, every time I walk into my bedroom and I have to get my safe. What did you keep in your safe, by the way?

I kept gold and silver and platinum too.

So precious metals.

Yes. Yes.

So you, Larry Blackmon.

Yes.

You are a man.

Uh-huh.

You have a safe in your bedroom where you keep precious metals that you transmogrify.

Yes, I do.

You realize that anytime you walk into the room and need to get into the safe, you say to yourself Word Up, which is a reminder phrase that you use in order to, it corresponds to the numbers on a telephone.

Yes.

You type in your code and you say to yourself, this is a song.

Yes, it. I typed it in and I was like, how do I get here?

What the letters, what do the letters on this pad spell?

They spell Word Up.

So you didn't know that it spelled Word Up even though you used it to say, to remind yourself of it?

I didn't put the two things together. It's very, very organic, Scott.

It's so organic as to be almost unbelievable. I had not make sense.

I confused myself, Scott.

Yeah, that can happen. That can happen, especially with someone with a career as long and as storied as Larry Blackmon.

We're talking to Larry Blackmon of the band Cameo here.

We, of course, are going to be speaking to Larry the entire show. And this is an incredible opportunity for me. And Larry, I do want to ask you if, uh, uh.

Hello?

Excuse me. Hello. Any, uh, I'm sorry. Is nobody's busy here.

Correct?

Uh, sorry. We're in the, uh.

Oh, okay. Nobody's busy here. Everybody's listening to music on the cans.

Is it Ryan? Do you, who let this person?

Hello.

I'm sorry. We're in the middle of taping a show. This is Larry Blackmon of Cameo.

Hello.

That's fine.

Obviously.

That's helpful information because I know you are not Scott Aukerman.

I am Scott Aukerman.

Oh, terrific.

Well, congratulations.

By process of elimination, of course, we have engineer Ryan.

We have Larry Blackmon.

Yes, well, I could tell he's not Scott because he's wearing glasses. I never seen a Scott in glasses.

Really? That's interesting.

Never in my, have you?

Well, let me think about this.

Well, think about it.

Let me go through the list. Scott Speedman. No glasses.

No, it never glasses.

Uh, who else we got?

Scott, Skiles. Used to play for the Orlando Magic. Didn't wear glasses, no.

There you go. All right.

Protective goggles ever though?

Never.

Never. Who wore those? That was Kareem?

Kareem Abdul-Jabbar.

Okay. Yeah. So I have seen a Kareem wearing goggles, if that helps.

Oh, yeah. I see a Kareem wearing goggles. If I see a man in goggles, I assume he's a Kareem.

Assume, yes.

Yes. But since you are, you were Scott Aukerman.

Yeah, we're in the middle of a show. I'm sorry.

I thought everybody was listening to music.

No, we're not listening to music. We're listening to each other.

Oh, I'm sorry. I thought this was one of those clubs where everybody brings their own music and has their own time being by themselves.

That's right. I've heard of those silent clubs where, you know, they don't want to break the noise ordinances.

And so everyone wears headphones. Yeah.

Oh, yeah. Yeah. I love to go to them. I bring my own music.

Oh, really? You don't listen to what everyone is being broadcast to each other?

No.

What do you listen to usually?

Usually Sinatra.

I'm sorry, Larry.

That's all right.

Yes.

Sorry, Larry. I can't help it. When someone comes into the room, we have an open door policy, obviously.

But when someone comes in the room, I can't help but ask them a question.

But obviously, our business is concluded. Now that you know that we're in the middle of a show, you shall be exiting.

Sure. Well, if you're in the middle of a show, even better.

Even better?

Yeah, this is a wonderful day for you.

Oh, because I'm doing a show. Well, obviously, I'm speaking to Larry Blackman of Cameo.

Word up.

Nice to meet you, sir.

You too. She's strange.

But how do you feel about it, though?

I like it.

Okay, good.

Thank you. You are the proud recipient of an edible arrangement.

As you can tell from my uniform.

What?

You probably can tell.

I couldn't tell. How do you describe that uniform? I couldn't quite- Oh, it's an orange jumpsuit.

Because oranges are in edible arrangements?

Yeah.

I mean, I know it's a clue, but it's not- Well, yes, one of the clues.

I thought you might be incarcerated.

Well, it's one of the clues. An orange jumpsuit.

Okay.

I got a couple of earrings that look like kitchen knives.

And it's a pair of earrings, like a pair.

Yeah, Scott, you're smart. You're smarter than the usual Scott, I have to tell you.

Oh, wait. Scott Speedman?

Not very smart. You ever met him?

Scott Skiles?

Not too smart. Average.

The two Scotts?

Yeah, the two Scotts in the world. But you know what? You're the smartest Scott.

Oh, my gosh.

Yeah, I got a pair of earrings.

Uh-huh.

And then I got, you know, just a fruity personality.

Okay, so orange jumpsuit.

Yeah, check.

Pair of earrings.

Check.

Fruity personality.

What else did that spell?

I'm describing the entire cast of Orange is the New Black right now.

Oh, very good. Well, Edible Arrangement is a silent sponsor of them, so that makes sense.

Silent. Too silent, I would say, because no one really knows.

Well, it's subliminal.

Oh, okay.

If you watch, go back and watch it. You'll find yourself about mid...

No, thank you.

Well, no, you go back and watch it.

No, thanks. I'll take a pass.

I'm not going to leave until you decide you're going to go back and watch it.

All right, just to get you out of the room, sure, I'll watch it.

All right. You go back and watch it.

All right.

And then the third season, you'll find yourself thinking about a bunch of pineapples on a stick.

I mean, I'm definitely thinking about it right now, because you say I have an edible arrangement...

You do. You do.

...that is promised to me that someone is delivering to me.

Yes.

This is exciting.

Yes.

Larry, have you ever had an edible arrangement? Do you know what this is?

You know what, Scott?

It's not candy.

It's not candy, because I can't feel it when she walked or when she talked. It didn't take over me.

So an edible arrangement is, normally an arrangement is of flowers or some sort of organic plant material.

Sure, sure. Traditionally, yes.

But an edible arrangement...

Oh, yeah.

...and you're a spokesperson for the company, I would assume.

Well, I'm a delivery person.

Well, I think every employee is a de facto spokesman or spokesperson for the company.

That's very generous, but they have asked me a number of times not to speak about the company.

Okay, because of your fruity personality?

Yes, because of my fruity...

I also have a lot of big opinions about how they're running their company.

They don't always jive with how they're doing.

Oh, really?

I want to hear about these.

Okay, but describe what edible arrangements actually is without getting into trouble with your boss.

Sure, sure. Well, you know, the way an edible arrangement usually is, I would say, is, oh, you're having a birthday, you're having a baby, you've got a promotion, somebody spears a bunch of...

There are a lot of occasions that one can celebrate with an arrangement of any sort.

Sure, sure.

Edible or non-edible.

Sure, sure. So, you know, maybe you just got back from a trip or somebody died.

Oh, you're going, you're keeping on.

Oh, yeah.

Or, you know, I don't know, you lost your dog.

I think we've covered the spectrum of...

But it's okay.

You lost the dog, but it's okay that you lost the dog?

Yeah, because it was old.

Or you found the dog and it's all right?

No, no.

The former?

Because it was old and you were like, hemming and hawing, like, what will I do with this dog?

I don't want to put him down.

This is for the best.

Now it's off of my chest.

Yeah, yeah, it's in God's hands now.

Yes. So someone who really knows you deep in her life would get you an edible arrangement.

Do you believe there's a different God for dogs?

Oh, yeah. You kidding? They got fur.

Everything with fur has got a different God.

So wait, everything with fur has the same God or they all have different Gods?

No, everything with fur has got...

So there's a fur God?

Oh, yeah.

There's a skin God?

Yes.

What other, I guess, what are insects, I guess they have exoskeletons of some sort?

Yeah, but that all goes under a tiny God.

Oh, so anything tiny?

Yeah.

What if it has fur?

There's nothing that tiny.

There's nothing that tiny with fur.

I guess so.

I mean, some worms kind of seem like they have fur.

But that's not fur.

Caterpillars?

Well...

Or maybe they're just hairs?

What sticks out of a caterpillar?

Larry, do you have any opinion on this?

I don't know.

But I tell you what, Scott.

Caterpillars gross me out.

They crawl too slow.

Really? You would appreciate, you would think, like, how fast do you want them to go?

I want them to go a little bit faster, Scott.

Like, what, 20 miles an hour?

Maybe less than that, about 17.

How fast can you throw a bowling ball, Scott?

Oh, I mean, you know, those can get up there to, I would imagine, up to 35 miles an hour.

You can throw a bowling ball 35 miles per hour, Scott?

I don't know.

Wow!

That's impressive.

I guess.

Well, if it were to keep going, you know, at the time where I release it, I bet it's going about 35.

If it were to keep going, but as we all know, it needs force applied to it in order to keep going.

Anyway, this is not a physics lesson.

Certainly, you have an edible arrangement.

I've got an edible arrangement.

It is for you.

It is for me.

And it's made up of, I guess we never established what edible arrangements were made of.

Sure.

Well, you know, when I picked it up to deliver, it was made of some, you know, pineapples, cantaloupe.

I cannot wait.

Some grapes.

I love this.

Some grapes.

Well, don't get excited.

What?

Because I spruced it up a little bit.

Spruced it?

What does that mean?

Spruced it up?

Well, you know, my big gripe with edible arrangements is that they're not specific.

You know, they don't really tell you anything about the occasion that you're celebrating.

Do you know, like, it's not like every occasion calls for a bunch of pineapple.

Okay, I guess, but the flowers are the same thing in a way.

Well, and that's the flaw.

They're decorative, but with an edible arrangement, they're decorative and then you can chomp into them.

Well, yeah, but also they say something.

They say like, oh, you're not a boring old flower guy.

Right.

Something special.

Okay, but it's not specific enough for you, though?

It's not specific enough for me.

I think at this point you get an edible arrangement, your eyes glaze over.

You're like, ah, well, I could have gone to the grocery store.

Actually, I'd appreciate like some of that fruit bean glaze.

Sometimes it is.

Sometimes it's the chocolate covered strawberries.

I'm realizing we don't know who is sending me this arrangement, nor what I'm celebrating.

Well, you know, you got to, there's a card.

I could open it for you if you want.

You've already spruced it up because it's not specific enough for me.

Yeah, well, I would never open the card.

Okay.

That's illegal.

So then why do you think it's not specific enough?

Well, because.

You don't know what I'm celebrating?

Sure, but I did the math, you know.

I did the math.

I was like, all right, this is going to a Scot.

Right.

I know.

It's not Scot Speedman.

Not Scot Skiles.

It's not that other Scot.

I know this is a gentleman.

He can see well.

He could probably, he's probably an adult.

This isn't coming to a child.

How would you know that?

Because who sends a child an edible arrangement?

That's true.

You know, because some of the, like some of the bananas, I think are very phallic.

It's a weird thing to send to a child.

Very inappropriate.

Of either sex.

Yes.

And I assumed it was probably a get well soon.

Really?

Oh, yeah.

I don't know how, uh, why you would think that.

Why?

You know, it just, you, you kind of do the math.

I figured this is not a birthday edible arrangement because they got a small size and a small size for a birthday.

Okay.

That's a faux pas.

That's yeah.

You want to be sending one of those large ones for a birthday because the birthday only comes, but once a year.

Exactly.

So you save up all that cash.

Someone can get sick several times a year.

And if you're going to be sending 12 of these things for someone who gets sick on a monthly basis.

Correct.

Yeah.

It's gotta be a small one.

You cruise the hospital.

Everybody's got a little EA.

Just a little one.

Yeah.

Okay.

Yeah.

EA is a edible arrangement.

Oh yeah.

That's that's a, that's what you guys call it.

Yeah.

Oh yeah.

Cause we're, we're turning them around so fast.

We don't have time to say edible arrangement.

Oh really?

Yeah.

Oh, interesting.

So yeah.

Saves time for you.

So you assume it to get well, I have been sick as a matter of fact.

Well, congratulations.

Okay.

Thank you.

So, so how did you spruce this one?

I'd love to get a look at this thing.

Oh sure.

Well, you know, you could open it up.

I obviously changed the wrapping a little bit.

I put it in a lock box.

Yeah.

This is so interesting.

I wonder if a word up would be the combination to, what was that combination by the way?

It was a, you said it was a nine.

Nine, six, seven, three, eight, three, eight, eight, and seven.

Nine, six, seven, seven, three, eight, and seven.

Nine, six, seven, three, eight, and seven.

Does not open it.

No, no.

Word down.

So I should try word down.

Yes.

That's nine, eight, seven, three.

Nine, six, seven, three.

Three, six.

Six.

Nine, six.

Six.

Oh my God.

It opened it.

Word down.

It's the code.

Word.

No matter all your fruit, Scott, you know it will be eight.

Oh.

Oh my gosh.

Okay.

Well this is, okay.

Let me get a look at this thing.

Now let me pull it out here.

Oh careful.

And some elements of it are sharp.

Sharp.

Yeah.

Like scissors or like cactus or.

A little bit.

I put a, I went down to the medical supply store.

I got a couple of syringes.

Oh no.

Well you don't have to use them.

They have.

Do they not dispose of these properly or?

Oh they're.

They're new syringes?

They're new syringes.

Oh okay.

The medical supply store, not the medical trash store, Scott.

And I filled them with a little bit of grape juice.

Oh okay.

Because it's still on theme.

I guess so.

That sounds delicious.

Right?

Shoot it in my veins.

Yeah.

You could shoot it.

Am I supposed to be shooting this intravenously or?

You could.

I like to shoot it in my mouth.

Just right in the mouth?

Yeah.

It's very, it's a very.

Do you ever hear of that dentist by the way who he was convicted because he would like fill up syringes full of semen and then shoot it into his patient's mouth?

Yuck.

Oh that sounds fun.

That's disgusting.

Then there was a different, there was a different doctor who would like wander the halls of like Whole Foods or something and you'd like squirt semen on people's backs.

Isn't that strange?

There's a whole sub culture of people squirting semen out of syringes on people.

It's very confusing but in a way I understand.

It's a weird world isn't it?

Everybody's just trying to make their mark you know?

I guess so.

Don't squirt on me.

Don't squirt, squirt, no.

No.

Don't squirt on me.

You think that doctor was Conrad Murray who killed Michael Jackson?

I wonder if he killed Michael Jackson by squirting semen into his mouth.

Good thought Scott.

Oh my goodness.

Look we need to take a break but this is very exciting.

We're going to reveal the edible arrangement.

I can't believe this but can you stick around?

I never got your name by the way.

Oh Nance.

Nance.

Yeah.

Okay Nance is going to stick around.

She's delivering me an edible arrangement which she has customized to have syringes full of grape juice and of course we have Larry Blackman, the lead singer of Cameo.

We're in the middle of a very extensive interview with him.

We're just a minor interruption but we do need to take a break speaking of minor interruptions and we will be right back with more Comedy Bang Bang after this.

Comedy Bang Bang we are back here in the midst of a what I'd like to think of as groundbreaking music journalism.

A long freeform longform freeform longform.

Long in the front, free in the back form interview with Larry Blackman of the musical Groundbreaking musical combination Cameo is here.

Welcome back Larry to the show.

Thank you Scott.

So good to see you.

Before the break we were interrupted by Nance over here who is an employee of the edible arrangements company.

It seems to have a lot of problems with the company.

Oh yeah.

Oh yeah Scott.

How they run you mentioned?

But they're running themselves into the ground.

Into the ground really.

Yeah.

So I've taken a couple business classes and I know the only way to make a good business is to surprise people.

And I don't know what you mean by that.

That seems like an odd thing to state.

The only way to make a good business is to surprise people.

How does that mean?

So like I go to a coffee shop in the morning.

What kind of surprise are we?

Like that it's open or that it's closed or that they do with their products that they're selling?

Or that you know the coffee is hot.

You know how McDonald's spilled that coffee on that lady burned her all up?

Yeah.

And have you ever forgotten the name of McDonald's?

That's true.

I guess I knew it beforehand.

But anytime I think of like a burned pelvic area I think of McDonald's.

There you go.

Surprise.

Good business.

Surprise.

Strange.

And I like it.

And you like it.

Yes.

Very good.

So you think that edible arrangements should be surprising people more often?

Yes.

I think they've lost an element of surprise.

They've lost their.

They've lost a whole market they could corner by being more personalized with their arrangements as well.

Got it.

And speaking of which we have an edible arrangement delivered here to the studio.

I guess I have been getting over flu and my left flu just went viral.

And I've been getting over it but I have an edible.

Sure.

Yeah.

Sure you say?

Oh sure.

Yeah.

Okay.

So you agree with that?

Yeah.

So you've got a get well edible arrangement here and you've customized it.

Yes.

And before the break we talked about how you put syringes full of grape juice.

Grape juice.

Which I appreciate the heads up because I did reach in there and they're pointed directly at the opening of the lockbox.

You would have thought I'd use the sharp part to stick it in the arrangement but no.

No.

You've really dug.

I really burrowed the handle of it into there.

Took me a long time.

Lot of tries.

Yeah.

How many tries?

Eleven.

Wow.

That's a lot of tries.

Yeah.

Stranger Things.

Oh you like Stranger Things?

Yeah.

Oh yeah.

I love it.

Really?

Little girl named Eleven.

She's strange and I love it.

And you like it.

Yeah.

Oh you love it.

Wow.

Just the way she is.

Sure.

Oh my goodness.

Yeah.

Season two out there on Netflix currently.

And so let me get a look at it.

Let me try to pull this out without sticking myself.

Yeah.

Although if I stick myself I guess all I'm going to get is some painful grape juice.

Yeah.

That's right.

And I'm going to put it in the lower layers of my skin I guess.

And a good story.

I don't know.

Sounds like painful bliss.

Well try to tell it.

What's painful bliss Larry?

Getting stuck with a grape juice syringe.

Sure.

Yeah that is an example of painful bliss.

Yes.

Sure.

All right.

So let me pull this thing out and get a look at it.

And oh my gosh.

Look at this is certainly the only word that I can think of when I look at this is monstrosity.

Oh yeah.

Very big.

Yeah.

The bottom layer, you know, you usually everything in an edible arrangement usually stuck in kind of a styrofoam dome.

Sure.

The normally and I love edible arrangements is getting a lot of great press.

Oh yeah.

But normally it's a styrofoam dome.

Yes.

There's no other way to say it.

A styrofoam dome.

I've been trying to call it, have them call it a styro dome forever.

But again, I'm not heard.

But this is certainly, normally it is a styro dome.

Yes.

And I built a dome out of Vaseline because when you're sick, you gotta, gotta put that on your lips and under your nose.

Mm hmm.

Because you're blowing your nose, smacking your lips.

Everything gets dry.

Just constantly on.

I think I'm sick.

Yeah.

You got.

Yeah.

You're sick.

I knew it.

So, okay.

So this is a Vaseline bottom.

Yes.

Vaseline bottom.

It's just oozing all out.

It's not contained with anything.

You got to, it honestly should have been refrigerated much sooner.

I didn't know we get to chatting.

Oh yeah.

I mean, we've been chatting for a good 25 minutes now and the Vaseline is no longer refrigerated and is in fact sort of hot to the touch.

Yes.

Well, I ran, I do all my deliveries on foot.

So also everything gets a little hot from my bag.

You do it on foot.

That's an interesting choice.

Do you not have a driver's class license or?

Oh no, no.

I got a driver's license.

You got to, you got to get your steps in, you know?

Oh, copy that.

Yeah.

Okay.

So a bottom layer Vaseline.

Sure.

Bottom layer Vaseline and then a bunch of, you'll see the white pills are Percocet.

The littler ones are.

Definitely more edible of an arrangement than normal.

Sure.

My goodness.

Percocet.

Molly, Percocet.

Thank you.

Yep.

So that's, so now you're working a future side of the street, I noticed.

Oh yeah.

I'm going to pass some of that Percocet.

Okay.

Here we go.

Here's some, I'll give you, I'll go halfsies on this with my guests.

So there you go.

I'm also, I'm going to need, if you've got, uh, you know, 50 to a hundred dollars, like I would appreciate that.

Cause I put a little more.

As a tip?

Yeah, you could call it a tip.

I just.

Isn't the tip normally associated with the person who bought it?

Like, uh, if it's delivered properly, then the person who bought it would tip.

Well, but yeah, but that's another wrong, that's wrong.

Cause that's wrong.

Am I supposed to tip you even though I didn't, I didn't want the gift.

I didn't ask for it.

Suddenly I have to tip for it.

Well, if you bought the gift, unless, you know, I mean, I wouldn't put it past our surveillance state these days, but whoever bought this isn't going to watch you open it.

Okay.

So you have some real weird ideas about, uh, the government.

We're being watched all the time.

That's why I don't have a cellular phone.

I don't have a television.

Is that why you walk everywhere as well?

So they don't track you?

Well, you know, that's why whenever I'm in my car, I always go at least a mile out of my way.

Cause I don't want them to know my paths.

I see.

Okay.

So you're going, so interesting.

So you go a mile away and then walk the mile?

Yes.

I park a mile away from where I'm going and I walk a mile.

How often are you late places?

Um, all constantly.

Yeah.

How, when was I supposed to get this?

Yeah.

Uh, yesterday.

Okay.

Yes.

Cause I was going to say, I've been sick in, you know, probably a week or so.

Okay.

All right.

Well, you know, I, they take, so it also took me a couple of days.

To kind of readjust the arrangement.

Oh, okay.

Yeah.

You're an artist.

Okay.

So we have, we have Vaseline, we have Percocet.

Um, what else do we have here?

We have the syringes full of grape juice.

Yup.

You got some tissues kind of draped over the whole thing.

Yeah.

It's not, I mean, it doesn't look good.

Well, it's not supposed to look good.

You're sick.

Well, yeah.

An edible arrangement.

Like what, why didn't you just send me a pack of Kleenexes and a bottle of Percocet and you know, I mean, an arrangement is supposed to look good.

Cause I'm not a doctor.

I'm, I'm in the business of cheer.

Yeah.

And something that doesn't look good is not cheery.

So it's in fact, quite depressing.

It's there's just like dirty Kleenexes over it with Vaseline.

I hear you like it.

I made them.

They're not real dirty.

I made them dirty with a little bit of vanilla frosting.

Oh, it's not boogers.

It's just vanilla frosting.

No, you can eat anything on this arrangement.

The Kleenexes and the syringes?

Yeah, you can eat a Kleenex.

You ever try to eat a Kleenex?

I'd never tried it.

I don't want to.

You should try.

No thanks.

It's very soft.

You chew it enough, you can eat it.

I'm not going to be eating Kleenexes.

Well, your loss.

Who is this from?

I don't see a card on it.

Oh, let's, uh, oh, it is from, it's.

Do you have anything in your, your order history or your work order?

It's odd.

It's from an anonymous source.

An anonymous.

Have you ever gotten an anonymous edible arrangement before?

I have not.

I normally, the people in my life tend to sign things as, you know, they don't want to send an edible arrangement on deep background, you know?

Sure.

I'm not somebody who is afraid of being tracked.

Let me look, let me see if I can, uh, look at our, look at our system of orders and see where this came from.

Maybe I could, if I give you an address.

Yeah, go ahead.

Yeah, go ahead and do that.

Yeah.

Anyway, I'm here with Larry Blackman, uh, of the band Cameo.

Uh, we've, we just scraped the surface by the way, Larry.

Yes sir.

Are you looking over at Nance right now?

She's just staring into space right now.

She's not looking at on a computer or on her phone or anything like that.

It's just her eyes are ping ponging back and forth.

Like she's, she's, uh, almost like, uh, who was the, who was that autistic fellow in the movies back in the 1980s?

Uh, do you remember that person?

Rocky Dennis.

Wait, you're talking about Mask.

I don't think he was out today.

I'm talking about the, the, uh, the guy who's like, I'm walking here, I'm walking here.

Rain Man.

Yeah.

She's like got a Rain Man kind of thing going on.

If you notice this.

I do see it.

She said she don't have a phone.

I don't know who you can call without a phone Scott.

Yeah.

I don't, I don't know what other way to describe her as other than she's unusual.

Unusual.

Perhaps even strange.

That's better.

You know anybody in Orlando?

Uh, Nance.

Uh, no, I don't, I don't know anyone in Orlando.

Uh, how did you come up with that destination?

Oh, I looked, uh, I, I looked in, I looked at our lists.

I looked at our backlog list.

I, um, every day we get a, I print out our orders and I look at them and then I, uh, commit them to memory.

Oh, okay.

Because if I'm ever captured, I don't want to give up the secrets of, of who is ordering.

But you know them.

Yes, but I'm bargaining on the fact that if I'm captured, I will be hit in the head.

Okay.

So you'll be hit in the head and you'll forget it all?

Yes.

So what's, so you just don't want to leave a paper trail there for your captors.

I don't want to be captured and have somebody steal a paper with valuable information.

Why would anyone, first of all, how would anyone know that you work for edible arrangements?

Aside from your fruity personality, your orange jumpsuit.

I do you mind looking it up again?

Because I need to talk to Larry here.

Yeah.

Try to find a street address if you could.

Okay.

Larry, can I say, you know, I don't think that she actually works for edible arrangements because she's just wearing an orange jumpsuit.

I think that she might be an escapee from some sort of detention facility.

From the prison system.

She did mention oranges the new black.

Well, that's, I mean, that is not a lot of people talk about that, although not so many anymore.

But I'm starting to worry that we have some sort of escape mental patient or a prisoner here who's just gained access into the studio by pretending to have an edible arrangement.

Yeah.

All right.

So if I'm going to, uh, the system's asking for a little more information, the system of your, my, my, the system in my memory.

Okay.

So you just memorized, did you ask every possible question to the system and you, you then memorized what it would say?

Yes, exactly.

Yeah.

That's what I do when I'm there at night after we close.

I, so you're there all night, all day, all night.

Oh yeah.

Yeah.

I'm very committed to the company.

Where do you live if I, where do I live?

Yeah.

Why did you ask what I just said?

It's almost like you're stalling.

No.

Um, you want to know where, where I always live or where I used to live.

I mean, I've lived in a, I look, if someone were to ask me where I live, I wouldn't list every single address.

I don't think I even could list every single address I've ever lived out.

I mean, there's captured.

Nobody would know where you used to live.

Yeah.

Well, but why would anyone be interested in that?

I'm just merely asking where you actually live now.

Do you, you don't live in the edible arrangements place.

Do you?

Well, define live.

Where do you sleep at night?

Where do you hold your pillow tight?

Well, uh, that's a good way to look at it.

Where, you know, where everyone lays and holds their pillow tight is really one's home.

Yes.

I live at 1313 Mockingbird Lane.

Where's that?

Huh?

Now you said, huh, as if you were stalling for time.

Word up.

Now you're saying word up.

It's almost like some sort of verbal tic to Detroit, Michigan.

Oh, okay.

1313 Mockingbird Lane in Detroit.

Yeah.

Scott.

1313 Mockingbird.

That's where I live.

That ain't where you live.

Cause I live there too.

And I don't damn, I ain't never seen you.

There must be a couple of different ones.

There must be, maybe there's a north and south.

Yeah.

Certainly couldn't be an east and west.

Sure.

Yeah.

Um, you know what, uh, Nancy, we need to take a break.

Um, I could stay.

That's fine.

Uh, okay.

Uh, if you're going to stay, I'm going to make a few calls, uh, to some people in the studio.

Okay.

Probably nothing I can't hear.

Yeah.

Well, uh, you know, uh, I may just maybe text them or something like that or, uh, yeah, some emails or something, but we're going to be right back.

We're going to kind of take care of this situation when we come back from a break.

I'm in the middle of my extensive interview with Larry Blackman of Cameo.

Word up.

We're going to be right back with more comedy, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang as well.

After this comedy, bang, bang.

Uh, we're here with Larry Blackman of the musical group Cameo and, um, things have taken an odd turn here in the studio.

Uh, we have, uh, Nance here ostensibly from edible arrangements.

Why would you say ostensibly?

Um, do you need a definition of it or do you need reasons?

No, I know what it means.

I know.

I know it means what I'm, I'm someone posing as an edible arrangements delivery person in order to shake down people in a studio for cash.

Break down, break down honey.

They're busted.

Theme from Miami Vice by Bob Seger.

I've never seen it.

I don't have a television.

Yeah, really?

You've never seen Miami Vice?

No.

In your opinion, what is Miami Vice?

It's about someone who puts a lovely edible arrangement inside a safe.

Inside a vice?

My understanding is a vice, a vice is not a safe.

A vice is something that clamps something.

Oh, a vice is something that squeezes.

Yeah.

You ever see casino where they put someone's head in a vice and their eyeball pops out almost as if it was a grape popping out of an unpeeled grape.

All that.

Well, that would be a very good, that would be a very good edible arrangement.

Also vice is a magazine that's undergone a, you know, publishing empire that's undergone some troubles as of late.

Well, cause nobody, nobody uses a vice anymore.

Nobody needs to read about it.

It's not exclusively articles about vices.

Oh, well then that's probably a vice.

Probably it's problem.

Probably could use a rebranding.

People re go to that magazine.

Yeah.

What if it was like news?

They should just re-brand themselves as news.

I'm always looking for a magazine that will tell me about the news.

Right.

Also vice is also something that you can't control that you do.

Something that you do that's a bad habit.

Yeah.

Do you have any of those Larry?

I'm trying to sneak an interview in here with you even though we're kind of in a hostage situation it almost feels like.

Do you have any, any bad vices?

Well, Scott, I don't smoke cigarettes.

I don't drink alcohol, but I do think I eat a little bit too much candy.

I can feel it when you walk, even when you talk.

How do you feel about the candy though?

I feel candy.

Sweet sugar, sweet wrapped up tight.

So good.

It's so good.

Oh, okay.

That's where, that's where I needed to go.

It's so good.

Raspberry, raspberry, all those good things.

None of them are in that edible arrangement over there.

Yeah, we, we've been delivered a, an edible arrangement consisting mainly of Kleenexes with a, she says it's vanilla frosting.

I'm starting to suspect that a, the way her eyes lit up when I mentioned that dentist and other doctor that it may be some other sort of glazy white.

You think I shot semen into those tissues?

You think I got a bunch of syringes of somebody's semen and I'm shooting them in a tissue and I came here to watch you eat a tissue full of semen?

I don't, I don't, I, I think I'm just wandering around town trying to make people eat semen tissues.

It's, I, I, I'm certainly not the one saying that.

How would you have known that?

I don't even know why I brought it up originally, but it's certainly not the edible arrangement that I expected when you said that you had one.

Right.

Uh, uh, have you found out who sent this supposedly?

Oh, uh, yes.

Your mother in Orlando.

Yeah.

So parents, do you have family in Orlando?

It's so it's someone, their last name is definitely.

Hmm.

Aukerman.

Okay.

But here's the issue.

Sure.

I don't know anyone in Orlando.

I don't come from there.

No, no one's ever.

No, I would know.

I would know.

If someone in my family were to move all the way out to America's droopy dick in Orlando, I don't think, I don't think that I would forget something like that.

So uh, did you get so sick?

You forgot?

I, no, I don't think that, uh, you know, I haven't been hit in the head by any captors yet, so I don't have any amnesia here.

Um, Nance, can I, can I offer a theory?

Sure.

Well, yeah, of course.

Um, Nance, you, you don't work for edible arrangements, nor EA as you call it, even though you know the lingo, which threw me off for a minute.

All right.

You, you, you definitely know that they call it EA there.

Yes.

That checks out.

But, um, I think that, uh, you found some trash, uh, in possibly a garbage can outside, some Kleenexes, some syringes.

Maybe you brought the syringes because you have this fetish where you like to squirt semen into things.

I don't know that that part of my theory is incomplete, but, uh, then you posed as a delivery person to bypass the extensive, extensive security here at Earwolf Studios and, uh, thereby gaining access to us possibly, I think because you wanted to, uh, have some sort of a altercation with Larry Blackman here.

It certainly couldn't be me.

Uh, you're obsessed with Larry Blackman.

You're obsessed with Cameo and, uh, you're now here in the studio with us and there really, unfortunately are no ways, uh, for us to escape without, without getting around you.

Oh no.

Very clever.

Ockerman very, very clever.

Somehow you're not going to get out of this by complimenting me.

You can imagine through extensive research, you've pieced together nearly my entire plan.

Nearly near I've been, so I was right on how much of it was I right?

Was I right about the garbage can?

Was I right about the semen?

Was I right about you?

You weren't, you were not right about the garbage can.

I did carefully purchase all of these items and put together this edible arrangement.

That's nice.

I mean, but I, I thought I've been casing you for weeks, trying to figure out where you work, what you do, what you would like.

How did you, so how did you case me?

If you didn't know where I worked, where, where was the origin point?

You know where I live?

My, I know where you live.

You saw me on the street and you followed me one day.

I followed you one day from you were, uh, you were at one seven 11.

I followed you to your car.

One seven.

What was the address?

One seven 11 what?

One seven 11 way.

Yes.

You're at one seven 11 way.

Okay.

So seven 11 way street.

Yeah.

W H yeah.

W yeah.

Not, yeah.

Not to be mistaken for w H E Y.

Yeah.

Like curds.

Sure.

Yeah.

That's on the corner of curds and yeah.

Um, I followed you to your car one day and I said, this is a man who will meet Larry Blackman one day.

Oh wow.

Good plan.

That, that, I mean the foresight on that plan.

Uh, and you, you grew up a fan of Larry Blackman.

Oh, contrary.

I grew up a foe of Larry Blackman.

Oh no, not a foe.

Oh yes.

Ever heard of this song?

Word up.

Oh no.

She caught me.

The song that I stole.

What you stole word up?

Scott?

No, Larry Blackman.

No, I've, I've loved word up.

I got a secret to tell you Scott.

I think you already told it.

You stole word up.

Oh, okay.

Did you have details though?

I do.

One time I was sitting in cat's deli.

I stepped outside to eat some candy.

And I saw a person.

They don't allow candy inside cat's deli?

I just needed some fresh air.

Okay.

Got it.

Until I walked out, somebody was sitting on the sidewalk playing a guitar.

I heard a melody.

It went a little like, word up.

So it went, dun dun.

Yeah.

So was it just the melody or were there lyrics attached?

There were words too.

Oh.

And that word was, word up.

Followed by.

Uh huh.

So I said, excuse me, miss, what is that you're singing there?

She said, word up.

And I said, thank you.

Asked and answered right there.

I ran straight to the studio.

Wow.

How long did that take you?

Five minutes.

So close by.

Close studio.

So that's over by cat's deli.

By cat's deli.

Yeah.

I ran right in.

Turned on the boards.

You didn't pause outside for a while.

You just ran right in.

Ran right in.

Turned on the boards.

Laid down the beat.

He said, y'all pretty ladies around the world.

Then you added lyrics later.

That was a guide vocal.

Absolutely.

So I knew what key to keep singing it.

Right.

Yeah.

Well, this is interesting.

And are you saying that you are that woman who sang word up on a guitar out in front of cat's deli lo these decades ago?

The very same.

And once I turned on my radio in my car before I stopped using my car radio because of the definite surveillance state, and I heard that song, I said, one day come hell or high water, that man will eat a tissue full of semen while I watch and savor the experience and finally feel that I have gotten my revenge.

Wow.

So this will be a savory experience for you.

Yes.

As opposed to most edible arrangements.

Yes.

It will be as savory as a cheeseburger with no ketchup.

What?

Yeah.

So I see what the situation is here now.

Yes.

Nance, you are, you were a songwriter busking on the streets with your song word up.

So you only said word up.

How different is your original to what came out as the, uh, obviously Larry here was adding to your original.

All he heard was word up and then nearly identical, nearly identical.

Yes.

My word up, give me a little coins, give me some money.

I could get a sandwich.

Okay.

So actually quite different.

I'm hearing it.

My coin sounds like boys.

So you were the originator of word up.

Larry Blackman, you've been living a lie your entire life.

You've reaped the rewards and success of this song and it does not belong to you.

You are a thief.

You are a charlatan, sir.

And I believe that certainly the only, the only solution that we have here is for you to eat this Kleenex filled, chock full to the brim, full of semen.

Full of semen.

While Nance here savors the experience.

I think it's the only way I, and as an impartial judge here, I'm certainly not a judge Sean Hoffman, but, uh, as an impartial judge here, I have determined that that is the only way that we are going to settle this matter.

Now Nance, do you agree that if he eats this Kleenex full of semen, that you have no claim on any sort of royalties for this song, uh, financial or otherwise?

No, I will.

In perpetuity?

If you eat this tissue, these tissues full of semen.

Wait, wait, you've changed to these tissues?

Well they're all...

Wait a second.

We only agreed to one.

You were on board here for a second.

I'm afraid, I'm afraid we're going to have to hold it to the original deal.

One tissue.

A single tissue.

But look at the way...

Can I pick the tissue?

You can, but I have to say all of these are so frosty and glazy.

You've really loaded them up.

I'm full of, but...

Where did you get all of this semen, by the way?

I traveled across the country.

No.

I went to every bus stop.

Hell no.

This is semen from all 50 states?

This is semen from all 50 states, minus the ones that I would have had to take an airplane to get to.

My favorite states.

The airplane states.

Hawaii and Alaska you would have enjoyed?

That would have been fine.

So Larry, I mean, you are a rich man due to this song.

I am.

I could just give you royalty payments if you like.

It's too late for that.

As soon as I leave here, I have to go back to a federal penitentiary.

So you did escape from a penitentiary.

You got it right, Scott.

Where else can you get an outfit like this?

That's true.

Okay.

And a fruity personality from being in confinement for so long.

So Larry, there's really no other way around this.

I'm going to have to ask you to eat this Kleenex.

All right.

You know, maybe you could pretend it's some other treat of some sort.

Well, let me taste it and see, Scott.

Here we go.

Oh, surprisingly, it tastes like candy.

How do you feel about it though?

I can feel it in my bum.

All of this gum, it takes over me.

Oh no.

Okay.

Well, how do you dance?

Are we good?

We are so good.

Did you savor the experience?

You know, that experience was extremely savory.

Okay, great.

It was like eating a mouthful of truffle salt for me.

It was a wonderfully savory experience.

Well, I'm glad that we could make a love connection here on the show.

Larry Nance Jr. of the Los Angeles Lakers.

I don't know why you said that, but okay.

Because Larry Nance.

Oh, Larry Nance.

Oh, got it.

Got it.

All right.

Well, we're running out of time.

We just have one last thing here to do on the show, and that is a little something called Plugs.

Another plug time on the horizon.

Another plug time headed this way.

Another plug time on the horizon.

Another plug time headed this way.

Another plug time on the horizon.

Another plug time headed this way.

Another plug time on the horizon.

Another plug time headed this way.

Another plug time coming up roses.

Once again on Comedy Bang Bang.

Ooh, that was another plug song by W. Brett Maddox.

I wrote that.

You wrote that too?

That was stolen from me.

W. Brett, you got a Kleenex coming your way.

Careful.

I'll find you and I'll stuff your mouth full of cum Kleenex.

All right, what do we plug in here?

Larry, I'm so sorry that the time got away from us and we didn't get to the interview, although there were quite a few revelations, namely that you did not write your most famous song.

But what do you want?

I'll give you a chance to plug anything.

I'm going to be at the cat's deli every day.

I bet you are.

Eating cheeseburger with ketchup.

So good.

Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.

Nance, I'll give you a chance to plug something.

Oh, sure.

Normally we don't let interlopers plug things, but feel free.

I would, you know, if anybody wants to write to me, I'm sure I could get you an edible arrangement from prison.

I have to say your plan worked perfectly.

You saw me on the street.

It's been decades since this person stole your song.

And you just said to yourself, this guy looks like a guy who will meet Larry Blackman someday.

And it paid off.

Yeah, I'm very intuitive.

How long ago was that?

How long ago did I see you?

Did you see me at 1711?

Must have been 20, I don't know, sometime in summer 2013.

Wow.

Okay.

So it's been quite a few years you've been following me around, but it paid off.

Congratulations to you.

I feel, I feel so happy.

I can't tell you how complete I feel.

Yeah.

Well, it's back to the slammer for you.

Back in the clink.

Yeah.

Back in the clink.

What are you in for by the way?

Manslaughter.

Oh, yeah.

Okay.

That's the one that, but so it was kind of an accident.

Yeah.

Manslaughter she wrote.

Yeah.

I accidentally toasted someone's hand in a toaster.

Oh, and it killed them.

Yeah.

That's why it was manslaughter.

I did the hand in the toaster on purpose, but I didn't know it would be so traumatic.

Oh yeah.

It led to that.

Okay.

Well that sounds like a story for another episode.

Sure.

Yeah.

Yeah, definitely.

I want to plug, you can see the Comedy Bang Bang TV show on Netflix.

All episodes, all 110 are up there and then go head on over to Podswag and get some, comedy bang bang t-shirts.

You can go check those out and, you know, whatever else is going on.

All right.

Let's close up the old plug bag.

Whoa, what a bag.

It's time to open it.

It's time to open the bag.

Thanks for an interesting show, Larry.

I'm sorry that things got away from us, but I hope that all of your future endeavors work out.

Hope you're enjoying the Percocet.

You've taken quite a few of those by the way.

It's definitely making the cum rag taste better.

Okay.

Just making it go down easier.

Nance, good luck to you.

Winning you out.

Oh, thank you so much.

You know, it depends on- You're probably going to get some extra time added on for escaping.

Yeah, but at this point I could live the rest of my life in jail and be a happy woman.

I bet you will.

Yes.

Oh, I'm sure I will.

Okay.

Great.

Well, we'll see you next time.

Thanks.

Bye.

Heroes!

you Thank you.
