♪ Comedy Bang Bang by ♪ Comedy Bang Bang by ♪ Comedy Bang Bang by ♪ Comedy Bang Bang by ♪ Comedy Bang Bang by ♪ Comedy Bang Bang by ♪ Comedy Bang Bang by Eeny, meeny, miny, meenus, catch a tiger by the vagina.

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

Thank you to Princess P.P. Froh Jr. for that catchphrase submission.

And welcome to Comedy Bang Bang for another edition.

And I'm your host, Scott Aukerman.

And what a wonderful show we have.

Coming up a little later, we have a entertainer.

Martin Sheffield Lickley will be here.

Also, we have a...

Oh, this is interesting.

Occasionally, people who listen to the show have a little trouble with money.

And here's someone to take us through credit card points.

He's an expert at this.

Chase Varner will be here a little later.

But first up on the show is a great friend of the show.

She's been on ever since the early episodes with, I believe her first episode was when the station manager at Indy 103.1 said that weird thing to her.

You can hear about that on early episodes.

You know her from such shows as Saturday Night Live, Happy Endings, Marry Me.

And she has her own podcast on this very network called Bitching Session, which they're going to be going...

Bitch Sesh.

Oh, I'm sorry. You shortened it?

It's always been shortened.

Oh, really?

OK, Bitch Sesh.

And they're going on tour next week, which is very exciting.

Please welcome to the show, Casey Wilson.

Hello.

Hi.

How are you?

I'm great. I'm happy to be here.

I'm happy to have you.

Now, let's talk about this, because we saw each other not 10 minutes ago.

Yes.

I rose like a phoenix from the ashes, but really from the downstairs of my house.

And I was in a rush. I was late.

I was working on this show, actually, doing various things to a previous episode.

We obviously weren't looking up the name of my podcast.

Wow.

You went there.

Yeah.

But I walked upstairs and I'm in a rush and I'm calculating what I'm going to say to my guests, of why I'm five minutes late or so.

And I see you and I'm just struck by, oh, there's the person I'm trying to make up an excuse for and she's in my house.

You were visiting...

Your lovely wife.

That's right.

Cool, lovely Lysok.

And I said, what are you doing here?

And it was weird and stark.

It was very strange.

So then you are out the door immediately.

I can't even say to you, like, oh, I'm going to be late.

Tell people.

But you're like, OK, I'll see you there. Bye.

And now...

I kept saying, is Scott going to emerge?

And I said, is there an exit downstairs?

Why is he not left yet?

Well, it's only a five minute trip to get here.

It took me 15.

Yes, you went the wrong way.

Well, I want to talk about this.

So I see you leaving.

I'm like, oh, man.

And I have to eat.

That's the other thing.

Like, I had to eat before I left.

So I wolf down something for five minutes.

I'm like, oh, man, I'm going to be so late.

I go outside my house.

I get into my car and there's a garbage truck that's blocking the street right by the house.

And I go, oh, good.

I have a garbage truck excuse.

Oh, I got trapped behind a garbage truck.

Maybe...

Classic L.A. excuse.

This will be great.

And stop bragging, yes.

You live in the hills.

It's narrow street.

Narrow street.

So I got stuck behind a garbage truck.

Perfect.

This is the this is a great excuse.

I arrive here.

You're not even here.

You have texted me.

Sorry, I'm I'm still three minutes away.

I got stuck behind a garbage truck.

I'm like, she used my God damn excuse.

Yeah, she used it.

And yet I guess the route you went was so different.

I guess you didn't take the freeway or something that it didn't it took you a long time to get here.

I passed three Denny's to get here.

That's the earwolf promise.

Yeah, I have to tell you.

Three Denny's.

You're there no matter in what direction you're going.

I have to tell you what your wife and I were doing, if I may.

Please do.

Because I'd like to know this, too.

I asked no questions.

You told me no lies.

Spectacular what we were doing.

I crashed a writing session that she was doing with another friend.

I said, I'm coming over.

I kind of took it.

You knew a writing session was occurring and you just said, I'm coming over?

I invited myself.

Yeah.

Great.

I come over.

Did you want to learn or teach?

Teach.

I came over.

I bring lunch.

I draw them away from their work.

And then your wife and I get in a discussion, if I may, about big breasted women.

Oh, okay.

And this is all happening upstairs and I was not privy to this?

It gets even weirder that you were downstairs for this.

So, Cool Up says I need to go to Jeanette Bras and their slogan is, the alphabet starts at D.

Mmm, baby.

Okay, slow down when you talk about this.

Okay.

So, Cool Up, your wife loves to spend a pretty penny and she has- Tell me about it.

Oh, yes, dear.

Wives.

When we got married, I just handed her the checkbook.

I said, you're in charge of this, honey?

So, Cool Up is showing me her bras from Jeanette and then we get to talking with our other girlfriend.

Is everybody still trying to throw on some lingerie?

What's happening in that department?

You're talking about how to spice up the lovely- and I'm just downstairs.

So, Cool Up says, shall I show you? I said, please, please.

What is happening?

She goes, I want to bring you up one little number I got for Valentine's Day. I said, bring them all up.

She said, what do you mean? I said, bring the entire drawer up. I want to see what you're working with.

Did you guys do a fashion joke?

Yes, I sat on the couch with your dog and she held up- God damn it.

Wait, delete my dog, Evan.

She held up a high-waisted number, a gorgeous push-up number, a black, and she claimed and I, you know, that, you know, she doesn't try- she tries not to repeat too many numbers, but sometimes she has to do, quote, get her money's worth.

And that's the money that I pay her.

She inspired me, is all. I'll leave it there.

Wow, congratulations.

You're welcome.

Man, why was I working downstairs?

Why wasn't I with my children?

These are all great, great questions.

Great, great, great questions.

These are all great questions.

Great questions.

Welcome to the show, Casey Wilson, friend of the show for so long, has been on the TV show multiple times, was in the Michael Bolton Valentine's Day special, now still available on Netflix.

Not enough people watching, apparently.

I love that special.

A great, great special, but not enough eyeballs on it to do a sequel.

I don't know that it's the kind of thing that begs a sequel.

Oh, we begged.

Oh.

Got it.

We begged.

Roger that.

Casey, you're- the show is bitch sesh.

It's a podcast.

Let me tell you something.

A lot of times when I go out to a big Hollywood meeting, I will- sometimes people will say, hey, I know your wife, that happened to me recently.

I know her lingerie.

Yeah, we did a fashion show.

But occasionally I'll get this, which is, oh, and I got this the other day, like, oh, by the way, I'm a big fan of bitch sesh.

So there you go.

So where's the connection, you're asking?

Well, I mean, because you're on this network, I think that they- Yeah.

And your wife's been a guest.

Yes.

And I have not.

No.

I asked you to come and sing and I actually have a medley I need you to do from Les Mis based on the Housewives.

Oh, okay.

All right.

I guess I'll be there.

And Andrew Rannells is most likely doing it with us too.

Oh, wait a minute.

Yeah.

Instead of me or- No, along with.

Along with?

Yes.

This is star studded.

I'll be there.

Yes.

When?

So, but tell us about this show.

It's a wonderful show that's been on now for a couple of years.

You've been doing it?

New years.

And you're going on tour.

Tell us about the show though.

Yes.

So it's Danielle Schneider is my co-host and it started as a- Lover.

Lark.

We thought we'd be just shouting into the void about the Real Housewives.

Just shouting down the toilet.

Yes.

And I- And it's about the Real Housewives, you say?

Yes.

It's about garbage that we would see on television.

The worst shows possible.

We cover such as Seeking Sister Wife, My Million Pound Life.

Things that not everybody's watching, but if you are watching, you want an outlet.

You want to hear people talk about it.

Yes.

And so we cover it, but it's also, it's a comedy show obviously and very stupid and we take it very seriously.

And now we've been going on tour for the past year.

We go to different cities, we sing, we dance, we do the things no one will pay us to do.

Professionally.

But now you've found an outlet where people are fans of yours and you will then force them to watch you do this for money.

100%.

Great.

It's honestly full musical at this point.

Really?

Yes.

The fans are like, ooh.

Not more.

But it's such a fun show and if anyone loves garbage television, direct your eyeballs and your ears there.

And so you're saying it's not exclusively the Real Housewives?

It's devolved a bit, but we do try to stay within the Bravo TLC universe.

I love you.

Don't say it's evolved.

You say it's devolved.

Devolved, yes.

We are plumbing the depths deep dive into garbage.

So you guys are like television plumbers.

You're out there like, you know, roto-rootering the shit out of television.

Well, with the seriousness, I consider myself like Christiane Omnipore.

And as we always say, Daniel Schneider's more like Brian Williams when he wasn't watching his daughter get fucked up the ass on girls.

So all of the times other than that, which is that a lot of times or is he constantly doing that?

A lot of times.

And who doesn't love to see it?

But I, you know, I mean, gorgeous girl.

It's a great gift.

If you can get it.

I thought you were gonna say great gift.

It was a great gift to the world as well as a great gift.

Nice gift if you can get it.

And you can get it if you try.

That's right.

And that's a little bit of that music we were talking about.

Are there other guests?

Oh, wait, you're done talking?

No, no.

Okay.

I mean, we can move on.

I'm glad because I was late the garbage truck, the Denny's.

Look, I mean, if you have nothing more to say, this is so much more extraordinary or out of the ordinary.

But you do what else do you want to talk about?

Because we're just we're just pals.

We're just pals.

So we we have conversations off air quite often.

Maybe we could try to have one of those.

And I mean, they're probably so interesting.

Well, nothing was more interesting than how you ran out of the house and what happened.

Let's just have a regular conversation like we would have off air.

Okay.

Hey.

Oh, hey.

How's cool up?

Um, she, uh, I think she's got I just have to take this call.

Oh, no problem.

Scott, I have to run.

You didn't speak on that call.

You just received information.

And now you're saying you have to run.

What What was it?

It's like someone call an urgent call.

Who do you not even talk to?

And you just hang up someone just give me my nanny.

She's like, the kids are up.

I gotta go.

But it's so great seeing you.

I haven't seen you in a while.

You have kids.

That was a good little problem.

That was good.

That was genuinely asking, did you enjoy my Oscar party months and months ago?

Oh, right.

Yeah.

Sorry.

The other guests.

I've been going to your Oscar parties for four years now or so.

How long have you been having them?

Probably four.

But that was our last.

That was your last one.

And because you're moving, not because the Oscars are ending.

Fear not.

And I'm taking into fish.

Calm down.

The Oscars are not canceled.

They're going to be giving away those golden guys.

Marilyn Dungummer will be in the front row.

Don't worry.

Now, you've been having them for four years.

And the consistent theme that I've noticed is you and your husband, David, are very confused with how the television set works.

I've noticed the consistent theme is that you're the only one that cares about that.

You're very upset with the level of audio.

Perhaps the children running around, which I get as well.

The children running around, I let it go this year.

I just was like, you know what?

You let it go.

I just let it go.

But when the TV just like you sit on the remote and it turns off, I did sit on it like five times.

Yes.

And it just and the show turns off.

And then David has to like figure out how to turn the TV back on.

Well, try to rewind it and see if you at the first one in my old house.

Yeah, I believe I was where we lost the last four.

Yeah, we lost the last four categories because I had.

Maybe that's why I'm a little tough.

I hadn't extended the, you know, the DVR.

You hadn't added the extra time.

No, I had.

And we started an hour behind or something.

And then at a certain point, it just turned off.

Yeah.

And that was hard because what we heard later was Michelle Obama had come out with best picture.

It was hard.

It was a tough year.

And as my husband says, people didn't take it the way you would kind of expect them to at the end of the day to just be like, it happened.

Who cares?

No, I mean, you know, those were trying to get things on like their radio on their phone.

People were CBing people.

Yeah.

Hey, breaker breaker.

Who won best picture?

And the next year we were all like, don't worry, we taped it.

But people seemed tense.

Every year is a little bit tense over at your place.

But I will say Paul Scheer does an amazing ballot for all of us.

But I don't even want to get into that because I have issues with that as well.

Why?

How could you possibly have issues?

I love it creatively.

But as a competitive person, the ballot is too weighted to his joke questions.

But those are the things people care about.

Yeah, but they should be one point apiece instead of five, 10 points.

One of the questions is write a monologue joke.

And so you have 10 points to the winner, whereas there's only 25 categories.

So whoever writes the best monologue joke, therefore is going to win.

But what about the new question this year?

Hot take, which is like, what's your hot take?

What is something that you cannot say in mixed company about some of the films in my hot take?

Another 10 pointer.

Phantom Thread sucks.

Like all these one point, I'm there.

So your issue is not with the content, it's with the...

It's with the weighted point system to whoever does these jokey questions the best is automatically going to win.

And they have one...

It's like you're angry that you didn't win.

Yeah, well, as someone who only got three of the main categories wrong...

But as someone who's a professional joke writer...

But as someone who maybe thought that his joke was really funny and someone read it really poorly...

Was it me?

No, it was Deanna.

What was your joke?

My joke was read...

Do you know?

I don't want to say poorly.

Well, that's the other thing.

Why are we passing around the ballots?

Judge your own ballot, read your own joke.

But that's what's fun.

I guess it's fun.

But see, this is my...

These are all my problems.

I want to watch the show.

I want to see it.

But do you understand that your problems permeate the emotional life of every guest?

They do not.

I feel it.

I'm sensitive to energies and I like you as a person and I want to make sure you're having fun.

That's true.

You are a pleaser.

Thank you.

And I'm a teaser.

Casey, the show is bitch-sesh.

We are big fans of it here.

We do need to get to our next guest though.

Can you stick around for everyone else?

All right.

This is exciting.

He's an entertainer and he's about to come out here.

He's an 80s new wave singer.

Please welcome Martin Sheffield Lickley.

Hello.

How are you guys?

How are we doing?

They say love is but a game.

And it's only played by fools.

But like in a game, there are winners and losers.

But who makes up the rules?

Thank you.

Hello.

Hi.

Good evening my darling lovelies.

Good afternoon.

Well good afternoon.

I guess England, maybe it's evening.

Yes, I always stay on my local time.

It's the afternoon.

Welcome to the show Martin Sheffield Lickley.

Martin Sheffield Lickley.

I'm the lead singer of the 80s new wave band 2 plus 2 equals love.

Oh, okay.

A lot of guests don't have entrance music.

Yes, no thank you.

Thank you so much.

You started singing a song and then you stopped very abruptly.

I stopped very quickly.

That was the end of that song.

But yeah.

Are you from the southern England?

Yeah, down south.

There's a little bit of a draw.

But definitely England.

I am from Wilkinshire, Dirtshire, Flatgroundshire.

Okay.

I haven't been to that area of England.

It sounds beautiful.

It's gorgeous.

It's seven, in my town, seven people and four thousand sheep.

Oh, what a ratio.

Yes, yes.

It's like a ratio on Twitter of likes to retweets.

It's exactly like that Scott.

Yes.

This is Casey Wilson by the way.

Hello Casey.

Hi.

How we doing tonight?

Such a pleasure to meet you.

Very nice to meet you as well.

Casey's a singer as well.

A dabble.

Really.

Have you ever heard of the band 2 plus 2 equals love?

It's so funny.

I hadn't.

You hadn't?

Neither have I.

I don't remember them and I'm an aficionado of 80s music.

No, we didn't quite take off like you know, Flock of Seagulls or Duran.

Oh, that's a pun.

I enjoyed that.

Yeah, you like that.

Try to do another pun for each band.

We didn't run quite as fast as Duran Duran.

Good.

Really good.

Alright, what else you got in the tank?

And I didn't grow quite as short as Little Boy George.

That one fell apart.

Yeah, especially since his name wasn't Little Boy George.

It wasn't.

Well, he's just Boy George.

Little Boy George.

Yeah, well you know.

The sheep motif is getting to you.

Well, yeah, I mean I think you know, 2 plus 2 equals love.

You know, I've always been a fan of love.

I guess we all are.

Yeah, but when I was younger, you know, my Little Black Book, well let's just say it wasn't quite so little.

You know what I mean?

Was it just Black Book like Boy George?

Yeah, yeah, it was Black Book and Little Boy George.

Do you mind me asking, how old are you?

It's hard to gauge.

Thank you so much.

You could be 4 years old, you could be 100.

You look great.

Well, thank you so much.

Yeah, you know, I don't like to say my age, you know, but I look young.

You can tell.

I look, you know, I have the look of a cold, tan bird.

Yeah, a bird that's just freezing to death.

Freezing but tan, has been to the beach, but is now cold.

Maybe has come back up north for the summer, but it's an early chill.

Exactly, exactly.

You know, my life has been very fantastic, you know, until...

Oh, I hadn't asked. That's very interesting.

Thank you.

Has your life been fantastic?

It's been, you know, I've been singing, but everything turned on its head last year when my wife was diagnosed with breast cancer.

Oh, I'm so sorry.

Yes, it was terrifying.

How was she doing?

It was a terrifying experience, but ultimately it brought us closer together and that's when I wrote this next song about it.

What?

Hit it.

Oh.

All aboard the ship of love, we're going full speed ahead.

The ocean is full of broken hearts and the captain is a kiss.

Ship of love, full of tinder hugs, I must steer the course right to the island of love.

There are pineapples and crabs there, but I cannot eat them because I am too heartbroken to date.

It's the ship, it's the ship, the ship of love, I drive the ship, drive the ship, the ship of love.

Look out for rocks, big scary rocks, the rocks are metaphors for my broken heart.

Thank you.

Wow.

Thank you.

That's amazing.

Thank you.

My wife didn't make it and I sang that at her funeral.

Whoa.

How was it received?

Um, tepidly.

Yeah, I can imagine.

People were expecting.

A little upbeat for a funeral.

A little upbeat, but you know, I take inspiration and out comes that new wave sound.

Yeah, the sound I've noticed that ABC used for their song Look of Love.

Oh, I'm not familiar.

And it's the exact same backing track as the first song you sang.

Yeah, I was going to ask about that.

Really?

I don't hear that at all.

Really?

Okay, there's maybe some subtle differences.

Yeah, there's some subtle differences.

I mean, you know, we were all, you know, taking from each other in that time period, you know.

How so?

You know, just learning from one another.

Was anyone thinking?

Little Boy George would sit in on my sessions and Duran Duran would, you know, run from my sessions.

But yeah, you know, it's, my life has been filled with tragedy and turmoil.

Again, I did not ask.

Thank you for asking.

I'm so sorry about your wife.

What else is going on?

It's terrible.

How long were you together?

Oh, we were together for 30 years.

I'm so sorry.

That's really devastating, you know.

That's terrible.

I have you bounce back.

This was last year?

Well, yeah, I mean, I was, I was feeling a little better until my, I lost my son.

No.

Yes.

You lost your son as well.

Oh my gosh.

What happened there?

This is terrible.

This next one's for you, Simon.

Oh, what?

You've been arrested by the love police for the crime of breaking my heart.

I'm locking you up for 20 years in love jail.

Love jail is a place where lovers go when their hearts commit a crime.

And there the prisoners are all locked away behind love bars.

They locked me away and threw away the key.

And my cellmate was my broken heart.

There must be a way to get out of here because in love jail we do hard time.

Breaking hearts is the ultimate crime.

There must be a way out of here because pretty soon they'll put me in the electric chair of love.

Oh, thank you.

Oh, wow.

That's quite a tribute.

Thank you.

That song is about my dead son.

You never even mentioned him as far as I can really, really tell.

Maybe obliquely.

Well, yeah, you know, songwriting is all about imagery and you know, not being too literal.

Yeah, it's, I gotta say it was not literal.

It's not really a Tears in Heaven, tearjerkers style song.

Well, you know, my son, you know, he died of emphysema.

So he didn't fall out a window, so it's a different situation?

No, it's different.

It's different.

You know, I would love to write Tears in Heaven, but my son died differently.

Did you sing that at his funeral?

I did.

And it was not received well.

No, I can imagine.

And was this on the heels of your wife's?

Right on the heels.

And when you say that, how do you mean?

Well, was it a double funeral?

Yes, it was a double funeral.

It saved us a little bit of money.

Okay, well, I mean, I guess the silver lining.

I chilled my wife for about a month.

You put her on ice.

Oh, wait, so it wasn't like a couple days within a couple of days.

No.

It wasn't like a Carrie Fisher, Debbie Reynolds.

It was a month apart?

A month apart.

And I said- How did you know your son was dying of emphysema a month later?

Great question.

Was he suffering, perhaps?

He was suffering.

He's talking.

You just thought it might go that way.

Yeah, I was headed.

The doctors were like, it's not looking good.

And, you know, it was just tough.

Yeah, I can imagine.

So I went ahead and combined the funerals.

Yeah.

Well, how much did you save?

Thirty dollars.

Oh, fourteen quid.

Oh, okay. Thank you. Thank you.

Yeah, of course, of course.

Well, that's, I mean- That's a lot of tragedy.

It's a lot.

Yeah, it's tough.

I mean, I wear this suit to commemorate my son.

As you can see, there's sort of a cool paint splatter on it, but that's actually blood from my son's coughs.

Oh.

That's terrible.

That's a lot, by the way.

That's a hefty amount.

Yes, it's a lot.

He had emphysema, which is typically a disease that people have after smoking for years.

I was going to say, but I'm sure that anyone can get emphysema.

Yeah, anybody can.

Or did your son die of emphysema from smoking?

He was a smoker.

I told him not to.

You know, he saw that kid who smokes on YouTube, the little baby boy.

Have you seen it?

Yes.

You've seen it. He puffs on those ciggies.

I haven't seen it.

My son saw it, and he couldn't stop himself.

I said, don't watch that video.

That kid's going to be sick soon.

You saw it down the road.

I saw it.

I saw it all, you know?

But yeah, I've got a big summer tour planned.

You do? Well, so does Casey with BitSeth.

Oh, fantastic. I'd love to come to yours.

Maybe be playing the same venues.

Oh, yeah.

I'm doing a 16-cemetery tour.

Cemetery?

Yes.

I go to cemeteries, and I sing songs to the people I've lost.

Wait, you've lost people in 16 cemeteries?

Well, I know at least one person in every cemetery in America and the United Kingdom.

That's a lot of cemetery science.

My life has been plagued with tragedy, Scott.

I mean, we've only been talking about the people close to you just one year ago.

No, I lost my postman this morning.

What?

Oh, wow.

Yes. I walked outside, and I saw him.

And then hours later, I found out that I'd lost him.

I'd known him for 16 years.

Really? How did you find out?

I'm sorry.

Oh, I saw it on the news. Postman mails himself to the bottom of the ocean.

What?

What a terrible way to go.

Oh, my gosh.

It was an accident. It was a horrible accident.

Was it like an envelope accident?

Yeah, typical mix-up.

Just a mix-up.

Yeah, in the post office, just he got wrapped up.

He took a nap, got boxed up, bottom of the ocean.

Terrible.

I know.

Just a few hours.

They delivered him to the bottom of the ocean.

That's a pretty swift time to get that on the air, by the way.

It's just so much for you to go through.

It's so much. It's tough. My life has been plagued with tragedy, but I met someone recently who turned everything around.

Oh, well, you're turning swords into plowshares. That's wonderful. Wonderful of you.

Yes.

A new love can be truly the cure to what ails you.

Absolutely, and his name is Jesus Christ.

Okay.

Huh.

I met him, and he came into my heart and saved me.

Uh-oh.

And I've never felt better, so I've decided to dedicate all of my music to my Lord and Savior, Jesus Christ.

Okay. Don't tell me you have a song.

Yes, this next song is called Jesus is My One True Savior.

Oh, no.

Jesus is my one true Savior.

Wow.

Well, very good.

They're very positive songs.

Thank you, thank you.

You're a wonderfully positive person.

Thank you.

Despite your life having been, of course, played good tracks.

Yeah, that's right.

You're just putting a brave face on it.

But speaking of people, we do need to get to our next guest.

Yes.

If that's all right.

And he is a credit card points expert, and this is great, because I have a credit card, and you always see these things just accumulating and tallying up, and I don't know what to do with them.

And this is a fascinating topic of discussion for me.

Please welcome to the show Chase Varner.

Hello, Scott.

Hi, this is Casey.

Hi.

And this is Martin.

Hello.

Hi.

It's great to be here.

He's from England.

I don't know if you could tell from his- Yes.

The vowel sound when he said hello.

Hello.

Groundshire.

Flat groundshire.

He's recently lost his postman.

Yes.

Very recently.

And my brother.

Wait, your brother?

I just got a text, my brother's dead.

No.

Yes.

I knew it was coming.

I see you're already working up a little ditty.

Oh, nope.

What happened to your brother?

Did the text say, or?

Yes.

Infosima.

Really?

Runs in the family.

Seems like they should stop smoking.

I told him, don't look at the little cool kid who smokes.

I keep telling him.

Yeah.

Have you seen that?

No, I won't watch it.

Because as soon as I do, I know I'm going to want to puff on a big cig and kill myself.

Yeah.

Well, welcome to the show Chase.

Thanks for having me.

It's so great to have you.

So you work in the financial industry or?

Well, not technically.

I'm a little bit of an outlier, I would say.

Oh, okay.

So I.

Wait, what is it exactly you do?

Well, there's a system in place.

We all use them, credit cards to buy the things we need in our life.

Sure.

But there's a way to.

Are you explaining credit cards to us?

I think I'm starting at the ground floor.

Okay, so basically instead of paying a lot, I mean a lot of things basically, money's just an idea.

So this paper that we pass each other or these cards that we swipe, it's not really giving any.

None of it is real.

Bitcoin.

Yeah, none of it's real.

Right.

What even is Bitcoin?

Yeah.

Okay, well, let's not get off track there.

I mean, immediately I'll try.

So when people swipe a credit card.

You gain points.

Right.

You not only pay someone, but you gain points.

Exactly.

What if I were to tell you, Scott, that I fly first class wherever I want.

I eat at the finest restaurants, Caviar, Champagne, Bubbly Water.

Just those three?

Just those three.

Caviar, Champagne, and Bubbly Water.

Are those three restaurants I don't know about?

Oh.

Those are restaurants where I also get Caviar, Champagne, and Bubbly Water.

Oh, so you eat those foods as well.

I can never get a table with Bubbly Water.

And I stay at the finest hotels all for free.

For free.

Wow.

What if you were to tell me that?

I would be amazed.

Are you going to tell me that?

I would be amazed to tell you that right now.

Oh.

Still has it.

Scott, I stay at the finest hotels.

He's telling us.

What?

I fly first class.

What?

And I eat only Caviar, Champagne, and Bubbly Water at those three restaurants.

Whoa.

That is true.

That's amazing.

Vance, or Chase, I'm sorry, Chase Varner.

I thought your name was Vance for some reason.

I seem like a Vance.

People tell me that very often.

Do they really?

Yes.

That's interesting.

There's something about you that I'm just screaming Vance right now.

You do seem more Vance than Chase.

Yeah.

How did you get the name Chase?

Well, I guess we're going to get into it.

Oh.

I've faked my death multiple times.

Wait, people are chasing after you?

People are chasing.

Well- And that's just the easiest name that came off the top of your head?

We kind of jumped ahead of a few things, but the thing about credit card points is you can accumulate as many as you want and then use them.

Right.

And then you have to balance it out with the credit card debt.

Right.

And then you have to pay the portion that you're promising to pay when you swipe that card.

Yes.

Or, and now this is if you're really an expert with credit card points, you can pretend that you died.

Okay.

So you're just faking your own death each time you run up too much credit card debt?

Yes.

Every time I have too much death, I pretend that I'm allergic to caviar in a restaurant.

And I lay there- Not caviar.

Not caviar.

And I lay there until an ambulance comes.

Okay.

And then when a EMT tries to resuscitate me, I try to just throw like 10 credit cards into his hand and say, pretend that I'm dead.

So you're throwing 10 credit cards at an EMT and this works?

And you can still capitalize on those points.

Yes.

Wow.

Oh, I thought you were going to say like, buy all of your gift cards at Staples because you get 10 times the points at Staples, but you're just faking your death and leaving town?

I'm heading to a new town.

This is not really a tip that I think our listeners is going to be helpful for them.

I don't even understand the concept of fake death.

I don't even understand throwing credit cards at a person.

Well, you're so entrenched in real death.

People fake their death?

Oh my God.

Wait, what if everyone has faked their death because they don't like being around you?

No.

Because you're always singing these terrible songs.

So you're telling me that kid at the mall that looks like my son could really be my son running from me?

No.

Who's this kid at the mall?

He looks just like my son.

And every time he sees me, he's Bolt.

And he goes, there he is.

Is his name Bolt?

Yeah, I think so.

Maybe.

Maybe your son read my book.

Really?

What is your book?

It's, uh, well, what's the points?

Well, what's the points?

Well, comma, what's the points with an S?

Oh, okay.

By Chase Varner.

Yes.

I have to keep updating the name on it.

Really?

So you contact the publisher and say, I did it again.

Oops.

But it's an easy one.

You say, oops, I did it again.

And then they know what that means and they just say, what's the name?

Chase Varner.

Yes.

Wow.

Um, there, there are many ways to use credit card points instead of cash.

I kind of jump to the end with the faking death thing.

Oh, yeah, no, I, yeah.

I feel like you were, you had a whole big program.

You were going to tell us about like certain things you could buy with points.

We all know how to buy things with points.

There are certain things that give you more points.

Like if you eat at a restaurant, you get triple the points on certain cards.

Why is that?

Because they are trying to incentivize eating at a restaurant.

Like diner sauce?

That's why when I, uh, I only buy things from restaurants and then I barter just sort of like salads and things for say, I don't know, a CD.

So if you want to get, yeah, if you want to get like the new, uh, album, you'll take it by two plus two equals love.

You'd go into amoeba and you would trade like a to go steak, like a to go steak.

Well done.

So that it lasts and uh, see, you know, you have to go to a couple of people.

You have to be willing to get your first, the first person.

No, no, never.

So have you ever had a job?

Scott?

No.

Why would.

I mean, I'm talking about all these constructs that man has made that honestly, if you subscribe to that, great, but you also don't have to, I guess not.

So, so let me get this straight.

When you turned 18, you applied for a credit card and you've just been living off that original credit card and bartering and faking your own death ever since then.

Pretty much.

They sent me a letter in the mail and I took it as a sign that this should be my life.

I mean, there's this man that chases me.

Everyone gets sent this letter.

Wait, there's one man that chases you?

He sort of chases me like he's, he's trying to catch me.

This is a Tommy Lee Jones situation?

More of a, I would say a Tom Hanks.

Oh, like a catch me if you can instead of a Tommy Lee Jones, but one of the Toms.

He's sort of this fatherly figure that I think he's looking out for me.

Oh, fatherly figure.

I wish.

Wait a minute.

What happened to your father?

He fell down a spider's stairs.

Did he also have emphysema?

Well, yes.

Then he got up and he carved his lung out.

Oh no.

I know.

When was this?

This was in the early fifties.

Oh yes.

Okay.

So he, so I'm getting a sense of how old you are now.

No, you're not.

He could have not had me yet.

He could have been old, an old dad, you know?

Yeah, but still you would have been alive in the early fifties because you need him to give birth.

I need him to give birth to me.

I think that tracks.

That's about how old you look.

Okay.

But, but I look like a bird too.

A cold, cold, tan bird.

So Chase, yes, you have a question.

Yeah.

Do you have any, uh, I love to, I have to fly a lot, um, for my job.

Like a cold tan bird.

Yeah.

Like a cold tan bird I have to fly, but I'm flying in one of those big metal birds.

Um, do you have any, uh, advice on getting points for airlines?

Yes, I do.

I, uh, are you opposed to changing your name?

Well, you know, it's kind of my, it seems like it's not your signature cause I didn't know it.

You don't have to do it and chef it legally.

Yeah.

Do you have a website that is your name?

Cause that's a lot of trouble to change.

I did just get that.

Oh, okay.

Yes.

Well, you have a little bit of fighting for 20 years.

So it seems like not the time to change your name.

But I'm open to it.

Okay.

Well that's good to know, but you don't have to do that immediately.

You got a little bit of time.

Open your mailbox, pull out every offer you got.

Oh God.

Don't remind me of my postman.

Oh, I'm so sorry.

This is a sensitive subject, Chase.

My postman just metaled himself to the bottom of the ocean.

Did he?

I don't know.

That's true.

Wait, let me ask you, in those three hours since the last time you saw him.

Have I been to the mall and have I seen him?

Yes.

I look like him in the gap changing room.

Did he tell you how the postman died?

He mentioned it.

No, no.

My whole world is crumbling.

This can't be true.

Look, uh, it's just similar people that look like my friends at the mall.

You're falling apart right now.

We need to take a break so you can collect yourself.

Okay.

Is that all right?

Chase or Vance, whatever your actual, what was your original name?

Uh, Dan.

Dan.

Dan, we need to take a break.

When we come back, we'll have more Casey Wilson, more Martin Sheffield Lickley, more Dan.

We'll be right back.

Comedy bang bang.

We're back here.

Casey Wilson of Bitch Sesh.

We also have Martin Sheffield Lickley of 2 plus 2 equals love and also a new owner of a website.

Yes.

And what is the website?

Martin Sheffield Lickley dot com.

Just got it two weeks ago.

I'm very excited.

Very excited.

Who did you buy it from?

This guy, Martin Sheffield Lickley.

We've had it since 95.

Did he pass?

Is that how you were able to get it?

Yes.

And as soon as I met him.

Is this like a, like a fight club situation?

It's more of a maybe I'm the tape from the ring situation.

Okay.

I don't think so.

I don't want to get into it.

Just don't go to the mall and look at a mirror.

No, no, no, no.

Okay.

So you're a credit card expert, a credit card expert, AKA Vance, AKA Dan, a credit card expert, a credit card points expert.

I should say you're not a credit card expert.

Well, I think I know a good bit about it, but the points are really where you open a lock with one if you have to.

Ooh, I could try, but unless that juices points, I don't know.

No, you don't use points to open the lock.

Yeah.

Jiming a lock doesn't get you any points.

Wouldn't that be a great thing to do with credit card points?

If like you could go to any lock and if you just spend enough points, you could open it.

That I like.

That would be incredible.

You could go rob people's houses.

It's almost maybe a more effective use of points.

It could be.

So how many times have you faked your own death?

I'm on maybe nine or 10.

Maybe nine or 10.

And do you get a new family, new friends every single time?

I don't have family or friends.

Tell me about it.

Listen, you don't need those things if you are...

Those are possessions.

Possessions.

Those are for every, I mean, if you live outside the system.

As long as you have what you're buying with the credit card points, you'll be all right.

Who needs all the other things?

Right.

Well, that's fascinating.

And how close are you to actually faking your own death again?

I'm about a week away.

One week, really?

I almost got caught at the last hotel I was at.

Really?

What happened?

There was this knock at the door and it was this sort of fatherly, like, you in there?

Kind of voice.

Sounds like Jimmy Stewart a little bit.

Yeah, he's a little, there's a little war of...

Say some more that he would say to you.

He was like, Dan, come on out, Dan.

Dan come on out, yeah.

That's a typical Jimmy.

He was, and I knew exactly who it was.

Say Merry Christmas, Mr. Potter.

Merry Christmas, Mr. Potter.

Yeah, that's definitely a Jimmy Stewart type.

I wonder if he's still alive.

Well, anyway, see, I heard that knock at the door, got underneath the room for service cart.

He looked around and I just sort of crawled out of the room.

Oh, really?

Okay, do you always have a room, do you order room service the minute you get to a hotel room just in case that happens?

Caviar, champagne, and bubbly water.

And nobody's curious of the cart moving on its own?

Well, he's sort of looking around above where the cart is.

Oh, you gotta look down.

Yeah.

And I'd zip down the hallway in a little unmanned cart.

Like BB-8.

Exactly, much like BB-8.

Yeah.

But, yes, he's, so I'm about a week away.

I'm about to go pretend to die in a restaurant after this.

Really?

So why a week, though, if you think he's hot on your tail?

It's just such a to-do.

Oh, I can imagine.

I can't even imagine doing it once.

What a to-do.

Making it as a big to-do.

It's just, it's like I'm a bit of a procrastinator if I'm being honest.

Oh, please be honest with us.

That's why you're here, to tell us all about yourself.

I just sort of hate doing anything that feels like work.

Yeah.

That's sort of what this lifestyle's about.

Have you ever thought that this whole rigmarole of, you know, faking your death and throwing credit cards at EMTs, all of this is more work than if you actually just got a job and made money?

Mm-hmm.

I've thought about that.

I have no skills.

Really?

Good at anything.

Nothing at all?

Like, what did you learn in school?

Did you learn math?

Did you learn, what did you take to?

I kept just faking, pretending to die in class.

You pretended to die in class?

Every time a report card came?

Sort of had to go to a special school for people who were, not necessarily had special issues but were just a lot.

Liars?

Yes.

So you went to a special school for people who faked their own death constantly.

It's sort of like a liar situation.

Oh, right.

Basically they give you a report card, you fake your own death, they say, no, Dan, we know that you're not dead, get up.

Exactly.

Right.

Yeah.

It's not like I was good at anything until I opened that piece of mail.

Wow.

Now, do you change your look?

Because, you know, your look is unique.

It is.

Is this- Right now you have- Very unique.

Like bleached white hair.

Yes.

You have a very dark eyebrow.

But kind of an albino.

Yeah.

And no eyebrow on the other side.

And you have a stack of mustaches.

It seems as if you're not even taking off the fake one underneath.

Yeah.

It's like a- Put a new one on.

You had so much work to take off a mustache, I like to just throw one.

It's not like Cesar Romero's the Joker, you just- You're in women's clothes.

Yeah.

Sorry, what?

So you're in women's clothes, so I'm curious.

Yes.

Are you also masquerading as women at points?

Well, I'm not opposed to it.

Chase Varner, Chase is, to me, I don't know, maybe I'm wrong, could be a woman's name.

Am I wrong?

Well, we didn't, I mean, we knew you were a man right away, especially with the mustache.

I knew a woman named Chase.

Yes.

Yeah, she passed away.

What?

What happened?

She passed away.

Oh, God.

Was it earlier today?

Did she have several mustaches?

What?

Hold on.

Were you my friend Chase as a woman?

That was guilty.

Oh, well, that's good.

I won't have to write a song about that.

Good, good.

I don't need any inspiration.

I don't think you have any new songs.

No.

All right, well, look, speaking of songs, we have one of our favorite features on the show that we love to play.

It's a little something called Would You Rather.

All right, it's time to play Would You Rather.

We all know how this is played.

People send us Would You Rather scenarios to our Twitter, which is at CBBWYR comedy bang bang.

Would you rather?

I read them out loud.

I open the floor for questions.

You're able to ask me any question you like about this scenario, anything to help narrow down your choice.

At a certain point, I will close the floor for questions.

There will be no warning regarding that.

I will then go around the horn, take your votes, and we'll tally up the points and assign a winner.

How does that sound?

What do you think?

Sounds great.

All right.

Well, let's play it up.

This comes to us from Matt Walks, aka MG Walks at Twitter.

Oh, he's verified.

Oh, let's see who this person is.

Raiders Social.

Oh, nice.

Who does the social account for the Raiders.

All right.

Cool.

If you're out there in Raider nation.

Football.

No, you would say American football.

American football.

American soccer.

Right?

No.

Would you rather grow a feather every time you were sexually attracted to someone?

Interesting.

Or vomit every time you heard a proper noun.

Okay.

Would you rather grow a feather every time you were sexually attracted to someone or vomit every time you heard a proper noun?

I'm opening the floor for questions.

Okay.

Where does this feather grow out of?

Ah, good question.

That's a good question.

Yeah, because I had assumed it was just all over your body.

But no, it's actually out of your big toe on your right foot.

Oh.

That changes things.

Yeah, it does.

Because you're no longer going to look like a cold, tan bird.

Well, yeah, I could use some feathers.

Actually, I look like a bird with no feathers.

And you don't like that.

No, I don't.

It's ugly.

I'm ugly.

You just...

Why are you laughing when you say that?

It's funny.

Sad.

But I need feathers on my whole body.

Now I've got to put them all in my right shoe?

No thank you.

But I don't want to vomit.

Well, it's a tough one for you.

Yes, Casey, you have a question?

No, not really a question.

Just vomiting is so...

I try to do everything before.

Yeah, is it in your mouth or is it full on?

It's full projectile.

It's like poltergeist, two maybe, style, just like all the way over to the other wall.

Wherever the opposite wall is, it will reach.

What if you're in a huge stadium?

Like the Sistine Chapel or something?

Yeah, if you're in a stadium.

Yeah, a shoe spa.

What if you're in a cemetery?

You're watching the Arcade Fire out there on stage.

It'll go straight through Wind Butler and just all the way over to the other side.

But with the feather, can you still wear shoes?

Could this be covered up?

You certainly can.

They are unpluckable though.

So the more you are sexually attracted to someone...

The more bird-like.

...the more feathers you will grow and they're unpluckable feathers.

I would have two feathers right now.

You've only been...

Oh, who is it?

Wait a minute, there's three of us?

Who is it?

I know.

It's our two guests.

Oh, fuck you Scott.

You're both just so, so sexual, both of you.

But he's ugly.

Thank you.

I'm ugly and she still likes me.

You're just both irresistible.

I thought you were getting into a song there.

No, no, I have no more songs.

Okay.

So is there a sound because it can be kind of awkward if you met someone and you were sexually attracted to them and then all of a sudden you hear like a poof when the feather comes out.

It's not a poof, there is a sound.

It's like, boner time.

Oh, wait.

So they'll know.

They'll know.

Yeah.

But I mean, wouldn't that...

That could work.

Wouldn't that make it easier on it?

It would be flattering for the other person.

The cards are on the table that way.

The world I want to live in is...

The points are on the points.

Anytime anyone is sexually attracted to another person, we just say it.

We just say it.

You know, like, wouldn't it be easier...

Yeah, the world could be more like that.

Especially like in the workplace.

Did you forget how to talk?

Like that.

Lickly.

Yeah, I...

But vomiting every time...

Okay, every time you hear a proper noun, let's go through some of the proper nouns that we know.

George Washington.

Lady Gaga.

Those are the two.

I don't have any.

From George Washington to...

Wait, is it all the great?

Or is it simply like, you know, Cheryl?

Not Cheryl Crow, but just like simply Cheryl.

Cheryl is a proper noun, yeah.

Oh, interesting.

Is...

The Empire State Building.

Yes.

Washington.

Yes, okay.

So that's going to be a lot of times.

Shit is not.

No.

Shit is not?

Okay.

Yeah, thanks for trying though.

Mrs. Shit?

Mrs. Shit, yes.

What about weird?

Well, if it's like Weird Al Yankovic, then yes, but if not, no.

No.

Okay.

Yeah.

So that, I mean, there's that.

You're, at this point, you're trapped between anyone that you ever meet knowing when you're sexually attracted to them.

But how horny is everyone?

I mean, it's...

Well, that's a great question.

Yeah, a lot of times...

I meant to ask you in your interview segment, how horny are you?

Very, very.

You know, after I saw your wife's lingerie, I would have had the feathers, you know?

Right?

Yeah.

Yeah, well, sometimes sexual attraction isn't immediate and it comes later, you know.

What a wonderful love story that would be if like two people start off as friends.

They're in the friend zone.

Right, friend zone.

They think they're just friends.

They think they're just friends and then one day...

And they hear boner alert.

So, wait, when a woman is sexually attracted, does it still go boner alert?

It still says boner alert.

Oh, that's stupid.

Well, I'm sorry.

That's what it is.

All great ideas have to start from the male perspective.

Right.

Thank you.

You're welcome, everyone.

Hashtag, Rose's Army.

So when you say these feathers are unpluckable...

Yes.

They continue to grow out of the same spot like a long chain of feathers.

They grow on the tip of the previous feather.

Okay.

So it's like a big long rat tail.

Did you say Dr. Seuss?

Kind of Dr. Seussian.

It's sort of Seussian, yes.

For sure.

Fo sho.

I don't know if slaying is a great look on you.

No?

I would have to say...

What up, my dogs?

Don't vote yet, by the way.

They're going to get point stocked.

Okay.

They're unpluckable.

Can you cut them off?

Oh, yeah.

Oh.

I think they cut them off with scissors.

If you just want the sensation of plucking something, you're out there.

Yeah.

Oh, no.

You can cut them.

Oh.

It causes you intense, intense pain for the next 364 days.

Oh.

Mm.

So one day off of the pain.

Yes.

Mm-hmm.

Okay.

Mm-hmm.

Can you aim the vomit?

Well, it's every time you hear a proper noun, so I guess you could sort of get a sense of when someone is about to say a proper noun.

Like I guess if you're listening to a story and someone's saying like, oh, by the way, I wanted to tell you this story.

I went to the mall the other day.

Did you look up real fast?

Yeah.

And you look up.

I went to the mall the other day with Gladys.

Night.

And the pips.

There it goes.

And there you've gotten three already.

You got Gladys, Night.

Mrs. Shit.

We know Yankovic.

Mm-hmm.

Lady Gaga, George Washington, you have to worry about the whole world.

Empire State Building.

So you throw up every time.

Every single time and the exact same amount.

Does it deplete your body or is there some sort of supply?

No, it's a magical supply of vomit.

What's it made of?

Well, that's very interesting.

It's made of like cinnamon rolls, like cinnabons.

There could be worse things.

Yeah.

Much worse.

But it's traveling from another dimension.

You're getting all of the vomit, cinnabon vomit from another dimension.

Oh, really?

Do you lose weight?

Yes.

You're very, very skinny.

I think you maybe made your choice.

Which by the way, I've closed the floor for questions, okay?

Close the floor.

I'm sorry.

I told you there would be no warning.

Let's go around and vote.

Casey, how are you voting?

I am voting feathers 100%.

Feathers.

Yes.

Even though the losing weight part is...

Yes, because I'm a lover.

I don't mind if someone knows what's going on, as my guru, Marian Williamson, says everyone knows everything.

Oh, interesting.

Wow, deep, deep.

And I don't like throwing up.

You don't like throwing up.

So would you keep the feathers in the long just chain?

And how would you deal with it?

I would.

I would just kind of put it around my neck like a bull.

That's nice.

I mean, once it's an interesting fashion experiment.

Exactly.

Every single day of the year, you're the weird lady.

But I don't want to feel pain for a year.

Yeah, that's true.

Good.

So we're going to talk about feathers.

Casey's with feathers.

All right.

Martin Sheffield Lickley.

Hello, martinchefieldlickley.com.

I'm doing feathers.

Feathers as well.

Because I'm ugly and I need feathers.

I'm disgusting.

But I would also, you know, I get that one day off.

I'm going to cut the feathers off.

You're cutting them off?

Yeah, I'm going to cut the feathers off.

So you're going to be just in intense migraine-like pain.

Yes, but I...

You're already in emotional pain.

I am.

So I know how to deal with this.

It's just a little physical pain to my emotional pain.

But I'm going to time it.

So my 165th day is Christmas.

So Christmas is...

Christmas is my day off.

So basically you can...

Where you can gather with your family.

Bam.

Boxing day, you're going to cut them all off.

Boxing day, cut them all off.

But you, yeah.

And then...

You'll be spending Christmas alone.

Spending Christmas alone at the mall looking for people that I know.

But I'm sure, do you have a daughter or anyone else?

Oh, I wish.

I wish.

My daughter's dead.

What happened to your daughter?

Well, she was hit by a bus.

Oh no.

Survived.

Oh, okay.

Started smoking.

Oh no.

Died of emphysema.

Right.

She saw the video.

She saw it on the bus?

You gotta hide that video from people.

She was on the bus.

She was hit by the bus and then got onto the bus that hit her?

Yes.

Well, she said, I still gotta make it work.

She's still gonna take you to the ambulance.

Yes, yes.

Oh, yes, yes, yes, yes.

She was like, well, I guess if you...

This is the M42 line.

You're going past the hospital.

Imagine how much I'm gonna pay for the ambulance.

Plus, I wouldn't trust the EMTs knowing what I know about them now.

No, you can bribe them with a handful of credit cards.

You can.

So, yeah.

Okay.

Interesting vote from an interesting person.

Okay, Chase, how are you voting?

It's a tough choice, but I'm gonna have to say throwing up.

Wow.

The vomit.

Okay.

I'm gonna throw up right away when I assume a new identity.

Yeah.

You'd be that one person with the feathers.

That's true.

Trail of feathers behind me no matter what, so it feels...

Yeah, now you're just the guy with about 86 Princess and the Pea mustaches stacked up on top of your bottom or your upper lip there.

And there is a little...

Somebody sleeping uncomfortably on the top mustache and tossing and turning.

This is my little friend.

Little guy.

You've heard him say hello to my little friend?

Well, this is my little friend.

This is him.

Yes.

Okay.

Well, that's a very interesting vote.

So let's tally up the points.

Feathers gets one point apiece and vomit gets two points.

So...

Oh my gosh.

Wow.

Chase, you're the winner.

Amazing.

Congratulations.

That's how we play Would You Rather.

I cannot believe it.

Wow.

That was a close one.

But you pulled it out just right in the nick of time.

How did he win?

Yeah.

He got one point for vomit, which gets him two points.

That's the correct answer, right?

Oh.

Well, no, it's not good.

There's no correct answer in this.

Just one point for feathers, two points for vomit.

Wow.

Did I not mention that at the top?

Nope.

Everything I was confused.

Okay.

Gosh.

Sorry about that.

All right.

Well, we're coming up to the end of the show.

There's only one thing left to do, of course, and that is a little something called plugs.

Wow.

That was pretty cool.

I wonder if that was a band.

That was Heavy Plugs Theme by Losten Found.

One word, Losten.

If you have a plugs theme, you know what to do.

Okay.

Let's plug it up.

The N-Tour starts very soon.

Yes.

What are the dates here?

August 2nd through 5th or 6th.

We're going to DC, Boston.

Wait.

You're doing three or four days?

Four days.

That's a tour?

Yes.

Well, we've just come from Chicago.

Okay.

And we've also come from New York City.

So.

Previously.

In the year.

This summer.

Oh, I see.

Okay.

So we're going to Boston, DC, Fort Lauderdale, and Atlanta.

Fort Lauderdale.

Wow.

That's so out of the way.

Like, here's the tour.

You pick a bunch of cities, like major markets that are close to each other.

Don't you worry about it.

They have cemeteries.

Danielle Schneider's family is from near there.

Okay.

I see.

So you guys are going down to see.

We have a lot of fans in that, in the Florida area.

Okay.

Interesting.

Okay.

So DC, Boston.

Atlanta.

Atlanta and Fort Lauderdale.

Yes.

Okay.

And how can people get tickets?

They can just go on my Instagram and look up everything.

Okay.

And I'm also on season two of a little show on Netflix called Atypical.

Atypical.

Okay.

We'll check that out as well.

That's Casey Wilson.

Okay.

Martin Sheffield Lickley.

What are you?

I'm also on tour.

I'm going to be hitting the Paramus Memorial Cemetery in New Jersey along with Fort Lauderdale.

Oh boy.

Yes.

I'll be down there.

There's just somebody, a little plot.

And who do you know there?

A little family plot.

Oh, that's my friend Bart.

Bart or bot?

That rhymes with plot.

You just said family plot and then your friend was bot?

Wait a minute.

Is this like a Russian bot that you befriended?

Oh my God.

You're kidding me.

Did you find the body or?

No.

No, it was just an email that was promoting Trump.

Okay.

I became friends with.

Wow.

He passed away.

Okay.

So.

So bot is buried in Fort Lauderdale.

Also check out the teacher's lounge on a how and Stitcher premium.

All right.

Very good.

How?

Chase or Dan or Vance or Vance, whatever.

Yeah.

I prefer chase because this is my newest identity.

Um, I obviously my book, uh, obviously what's the point?

Well, what's the points by currently by chase foreigner, uh, in about a week, it's going to be maybe, uh, Zach O'Yama.

Uh, so Zach O'Yama is your next, uh, probably my next persona.

Okay.

Uh, and, uh, go see a show called Asian AF, uh, at UCB sunset once a month.

Sure.

I hear that that is a fun show.

I think I've been to that show.

Yeah.

I think it was fun.

Yeah.

Okay.

So people can go see that.

I want to plug, I don't know.

Uh, comedy, bang, bang TV show is out there.

You can watch it on Netflix all five seasons.

Why not?

All right.

Let's close up the old plug bag.

It's time to open it.

It's time to open the bag.

All right.

That's a great song.

Isn't it?

So good.

We're halfway through the year and it is really cooking.

It's cooking that song.

You all right.

You have a tear rolling down your, Oh, do I, Oh, sorry.

Uh, I'm sorry.

Has van Stan passed?

Oh my God.

Oh, chase is he's down at the, Oh my God.

I'm clearly dying.

You're crying and you're dying.

Everyone you touch and I'm spying this all happening.

Take these credit cards.

Here you go.

Yeah.

What?

Use them for use them.

Everyone you know dies.

Shit.

I'm dead.

No, please.

No.

Van Stan.

Zach.

No.

No shit.

It's not what are you dying of?

Don't say Zima.

I usually, I usually, that's not what I like to hear at a bar.

I love to hear Zima.

Yeah.

We don't know.

Well, not the first time someone's died at the end of a show and probably won't be the last, but a rest in peace chase.

Long live Zach.

Oh, Yama rest in power.

Of course.

I've got to get to the studio.

What am I going to write about?

Well, you have some credit cards.

Love credit card, credit card.

Love debt.

Love.

I got it.

What do you got?

Love car.

Okay.

We'll be looking for that new single on martinsheffieldlickly.com.

We'll see you next time.

Thanks.

Bye.
