♪♪ I love Paul McCartney in Wings, so the idea of Tony Shalhoub singing Hey Jude really gets me going, welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

Thank you to Pat Chatham's for that wonderful catchphrase submission and boy, we are doing another episode of Comedy Bang Bang in the books.

I am Scott Aukerman, your host for the program, and this is, if you've never heard the show before, I have guests on, I talk to them about their lives.

That's really all it is. That's the extent of what we do.

I am a study, or a student rather, I'm a student, I'm not a study, but I'm a student of the human condition and I enjoy getting in there in the crevices of the human brain and just, you know, taking a little bit of Formula 409 to them and scouring away at them and figuring out exactly what makes a person tick.

And this episode is going to be one where we find out where exactly in the hell I get off talking to two people because I'm going to find out what makes two people tick.

And maybe the same thing makes them tick, and maybe different things make them tick.

Who knows? We're going to find that out on this episode.

We have, coming up on the show, we have two entrepreneurs, and this is exciting because as a small business owner myself, I own a pass-through that is, when you're in show business, you own one of these, but as a small business owner, I'm, gosh, I have, excuse me.

All right, this is much better.

I'm fascinated with what makes a person start a small business.

What makes a person start a large business?

Has anyone ever started just a large business right off the bat?

Did Sam Walton say, hey, I'm going to start Sam's Club and it's going to be huge.

And I'm, and boom, the minute we open, we have thousands of stores worldwide.

I would love to get him on the show. Unfortunately, he has refused every request.

So instead, I am left with our guests today, and I don't know anything about their business.

And if you're listening to the show for the first time, I don't know anything about these two gentlemen, but I'm presuming they are gentlemen.

We'll see exactly how they act, but I don't know anything about their business, but they're here to tell me about it.

Please welcome, and I don't even know if they're gentlemen because now I'm looking at their names.

I'm seeing that one, I believe, may actually be a woman.

I have not seen these two people.

The curtain is raising right now and they are revealed to me.

Please welcome Jen and Barry.

Hello, Jen. Hello, Barry.

Hello.

Oh, you say hello simultaneously.

Was that for me or was that something you planned?

That was partially that was for you and part of it was for the curtain.

Yeah, and part of it was for us.

Yeah.

So wait, so it had a trifecta.

Yeah.

You said hello to me.

You said hello to the curtain.

When the curtain started coming up, I saw the light appear on our four different pairs of our shoes.

Oh, so I guess we were saying hello to the light as well.

Oh, that too.

Okay.

Now you have four pairs of shoes, which is interesting because you have four legs among you.

What are the extra four shoes for?

Well, if you notice each foot has a different shoe on.

Correct.

Sure.

And then the other one, the other pair of it is on one of our hands.

Oh, yeah.

I'm just getting a look at those bad boys right now.

That's so interesting.

It's almost as if you're a kind of a horse who's walking upright on two legs.

It's completely like that except we're human beings.

You are human beings.

Yes.

Let's let's get everything out of the way about your background.

You're human beings.

Mm-hmm.

Sure.

You're on Earth.

Yes, correct.

Uh, you as far as we know, you're not alien.

No.

Yeah.

We react to light.

You react to light meaning react favorably or?

Well, we saw it and then we said hello to it.

We reacted to it.

We saw it.

It was bright and I noticed unlike cockroaches.

You didn't scatter.

Correct.

You saw the light.

That is not cockroaches or horses.

We're not cockroaches or horses.

Keep guessing.

Human entrepreneurs.

Human beings is what you are.

Yeah, approximately 73 to 77 percent water.

Depends on the time of day, but yeah.

Yeah.

Mm-hmm.

You get dried out later in the day.

I do.

I do too.

Yeah.

You guys live in the sun.

Where do you where do you hail from?

We both come from the deserts of San Luis Obispo, California.

Yes.

San Luis Obispo.

Not really a desert town as I recall, but little patches of it maybe don't have any.

It is now.

Oh, that's true.

I mean after the not so recent fires, they haven't rebuilt I guess.

No.

Mm-hmm.

That's too bad.

So you but you're both from San Luis Obispo.

Now, we're- The current desert.

It's St. Louis Obispo.

St.

Oh, sorry.

It's St. Louis Obispo.

It's a smaller part of St. Louis.

Yes.

Yes, right off the corner.

Interesting.

St. Louis Obispo Cardinals.

Because San Luis Obispo, the San stands for saint.

They just shortened it when they made the town, but St.

Louis Obispo is a little tinier part of it.

Yes.

Oh, interesting.

And you know, Weird Al Yankovic, he went to school up there at Cal Poly San Luis Obispo.

I don't know if you knew that.

Strange.

Huh.

Yeah, it is strange.

It's odd.

It's weird.

Was he the only one there?

No, he was one of a full student body.

Are you sure?

He wasn't the only person that went to that school?

You know what?

I have never asked him that.

That is a...

You should ask him if he went to school with other people.

That is the kind of question that I would ask on this show and the kind of question that you guys are in for.

So, oh, and when I say guys, by the way, are...

Are we human beings?

Yes.

But are you...

We haven't even told you our names yet.

Well, Jen and Barry.

Correct.

Here we are.

I...

You didn't have to tell me because it's here on my card.

Oh, okay.

Which one of you is Jen?

Okay.

Right?

And which one of you is Barry?

Right.

Yes.

Okay.

Hello.

Got it.

And are the genders of your human bodies are...

Horse-like?

No.

Cockroach-like?

No.

Not at all.

Okay.

Here I am.

Just two arms, ten toes, couple of fingers.

Couple of fingers.

I...

You know what?

I didn't want to offend you by calling you guys or calling you gentlemen or anything like that, but it looks like that I don't have to...

Let's be honest.

It's so hard nowadays to not offend, you know?

So I'm just offending you?

No.

I'm... guess what I'm trying to say is we're not... we don't take offense to it.

No.

We are Jen and Barry.

Call us fellows.

Call us Felicia's.

Bye Felicia's.

It's fine.

Yeah.

Oh, okay.

Goodbye.

Just don't call us terrible names with curses in it.

Yeah.

Okay.

I'll try not to, although it has come to that on this show occasionally.

I know.

Let me ask you a little bit more about your background.

You're human beings who hail from St. Louis Obispo.

How old are you guys?

Are you different ages?

Are you the same age?

We're the same age.

We were both born on the same day.

You were.

Are you related?

We are not related.

Really?

And so...

But we saw each other coming out of the womb.

We were... both of our mothers were giving birth in the same room and their vaginas were pointed at each other.

Yes, they were.

The first face I saw...

Was mine.

And my first face that I saw, yours was yours.

Yeah, I guess you could say Jen saw Barry and Barry saw Jen.

Yes.

And from that moment on...

We were Jen and Barry.

They didn't pull a curtain for privacy?

Well, we didn't know curtains back then, so...

There were no curtains back then.

When we were born, there were no curtains.

Really? How old are you?

I'm trying to gauge, but I can't really tell.

You can't tell? Well, that's part of our secret, I guess.

I guess we're doing all right.

But you are exactly the same age.

We are.

Correct.

To the moment.

To the exact moment.

Really?

So, was that out of convenience?

The doctor just said, time of birth, and looked up at the clock for both of you?

Or literally, was it just like a...

Came out right at the same moment?

There was only one doctor scheduled at the hospital that day, so he was actually just standing in the center with one hand out here and the other hand on the other side.

Almost like he was Billy Flynn in Chicago, just like singing to the rafters?

Yes, a little razzle-dazzle, and then we showed up.

Wow, a lot of razzle-dazzle.

Yeah, a whole lot.

Yeah, my goodness, what an interesting story.

But I do believe for the gun, he reached for two babies.

Yeah, and I do believe there was a pop.

Like the one you made.

There was, really.

How similar, in what ways was it different?

When you came out, I heard a distinct...

Yeah.

When I came out, I heard a distinct...

Yeah.

So it was like a...

Yeah.

Oh, interesting.

Like you were on a bungee cord.

Correct.

Now, you seem to remember every detail of this birth.

Is that...

I was born with a photographic memory.

So you have Mary Lou Henner disease.

Correct.

Okay, and what about you?

I was born with no eyes, and then they grew in.

Interesting, I've never heard of that, but I...

I guess...

You haven't?

People usually think that that's just being blind, but it's not.

Okay.

Because I can see now.

Right, so how long did it take for your eyes to...

I just had to open my lids, and then my...

Oh, I see.

Eyeballs appeared.

I remember it like it was yesterday.

It was quite embarrassing, to be honest, because he...

The way he retells the stories that he was born with no eyes, but the truth in reality was...

He just had them open them up.

...his eyes closed for the first seven years of his life.

Seven years!

Mmm!

And did anyone know that they were closed, or...

I did, but I couldn't speak for a very long time.

Yeah.

Seven years?

Almost, yes.

You were not speaking for seven years.

Around six and a half is when...

Did you just not open your mouth?

I just didn't feel like it.

Have you ever seen the movie, Hear No Evil, See No Evil?

Uhhhh...

Gene Wilder?

Yes, yes, yes.

That was the kind of life we were living.

Dick Pryor.

Dick Pryor, right.

Dick Pryor.

Was it, it's Hear No Evil, or was it See No Evil?

I can't even remember.

It seems like there's one missing on those two, like Speak No Evil.

Spank No Evil.

Spank, did you say Spank No Evil?

I believe so.

It was Hear No Evil, See No Evil, Spank No Evil.

Spank No Evil.

Spank's correct?

Yeah.

And then there was a separate movie called Spank the Devil.

That's the right name.

Right, yes.

Tell me if I'm wrong here, I don't want to talk out of school here.

I'm certainly no film historian or cinephile here.

Yeah.

I don't know the answers to these questions, and perhaps we never will.

So this is very interesting.

Have you known each other all your lives, or were you separated much like babies who are born to different mothers are on day one or day three or so, and did not resume your friendship until later in life?

We stayed next to each other for the whole heck of our lives.

I don't think I've ever been further than 22 inches away.

Yes.

22 inches away.

From my colleague over here.

It's just been Jen and Barry ever since.

Okay, so that's a foot plus 10 inches?

Yeah, almost two feet.

But not quite two feet.

That's almost two feet, but it's 22, yeah.

22 inches.

I know that figure exactly.

Is this something you do with the bathroom?

Well, look at the ruler between us.

Oh, I did not see that.

Oh, okay.

That's an extra long ruler.

Yeah, it's a two foot ruler, and we never- It's called a gentleman's ruler.

But you don't have to call us gentlemen.

You can call us fellows or fellows or felicias or whatever.

Felicias, yeah, sure.

Okay.

But it's a two foot ruler.

Okay, and you just keep that on your persons at all times?

Yeah, and we never get to the ends.

Wow.

Because if we're at the ends, then we're at two feet.

That's like a bad story.

Almost like these Star Wars movies that are out here.

When are we going to get to the end of these?

I thought, you know, I thought we'd return to the- What's going to happen now is the big question.

Yeah.

Well, we're working on it.

You guys are working on Star Wars?

Yeah, it's one of the few things that we work on.

Yeah, we're entrepreneurs.

We're inventors.

Yeah, what do you guys do?

You're inventors?

Yeah, we're entrepreneurs.

We're inventors.

What we do is we make the world better.

Yes.

Interesting.

Yeah, we figure out a problem.

We'll be walking down the street together, and we'll have a problem.

Walking down the street just the other day?

Sure.

Walking down the street just the other day.

I saw this pretty lady, and I knew exactly what to say, is tell her I'm an entrepreneur.

Yeah.

And whenever we have a problem that arises, we solve that problem, and then we sell that problem.

Interesting.

Now, I saw a funny show on CBS last year that was about an inventor.

Oh, good for you.

And so it piqued my interest.

How did you see it?

You were home at that one time?

I don't know.

I lucked out somehow.

Oh, you big CBS All Access subscriber?

I don't know how the fates aligned, the planets lined up.

I don't know what it was, but I happened to be there in front of a TV.

Great casting.

Genius casting.

Yeah.

Taking like one fat man and making him a giant handsome silver fox at the end of his life?

Genius.

It just piqued my interest about the world of inventing.

Yeah.

And that's where you guys live.

Well, they really got into it on that show.

Yeah, that's what it was mostly about was the inventing.

Yeah, that was mostly.

Yeah.

Right.

So what are some of the things that you've invented?

Ooh, buddy.

Wait till we begin.

Yeah.

You're really jumping into it.

Oh, we can back up a little bit if you need to.

Okay, sure.

Let's do that.

Let's back up a tiny bit.

Okay, a tiny bit?

Yeah.

Okay, what's one thing you've invented?

Okay, there we go.

Whew, that was a lot of pressure.

Okay.

I guess we should start with our most famous.

Yes.

Or our most lucrative.

Are they two separate things, or are they the same thing?

Our most famous and our most lucrative are two separate things.

Oh, okay.

I guess fame doesn't translate into money.

Thank you.

It never does.

It's like, you know, you're in different strokes once found out.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Tell me about it.

In the back of the bicycle shop.

Mm-hmm.

With Gordon Jump.

So speaking of the Jump, from the Jump, what was your most famous?

Most famous?

Right from the Gordon Jump, we, Jen and Barry, we have a line, our own line of organic frozen ice.

Now, I'm processing the words that you said.

Frozen ice?

Yes, frozen ice.

Yes, yes.

Frozen ice always brings...

Pause and question.

Yeah.

And people usually go...

Are you okay?

I'm not sure what to call you.

Are you okay, Jen or Barry?

I'm fine.

Oh, I was actually speaking to...

I'm Jen.

Oh, okay.

You're Jen.

I'm Barry.

Yes, and I'm sometimes Jen.

And you are?

Barry.

Okay, got it.

That should clear that up.

So frozen ice.

Oh, yes.

People go, ah.

Do you mean frozen custard?

I don't.

If you meant frozen custard, I would have fucking said it.

That's for sure.

Oh, boy.

Yeah, no, it's just the truth.

Do you mean frozen water?

Well, then we would have said that as well.

Yeah, we would have just said ice cubes.

So is it almost like refried beans in a way?

Like you're refreezing ice?

Yes.

I'm imagining the recipe.

You have some ice, you let it melt down, then you freeze it again or...

Yes, we...

All of our ice cream, all of our frozen ice is made from previously frozen ice.

Interesting.

It makes it extra smooth, it makes it extra rich, it makes it cold and not cold, then also cold again.

Okay, take me through the process.

What do you guys do?

We find an ice machine.

Okay, and do you have one that you like to go to or you...

Yeah, we usually use a Frigidaire or a...

There is one that...

Do you not use the same one twice?

I'll never use the same one twice.

No, you can't.

Yeah.

That's what, I think that's what makes it organic.

Yes.

Got it.

So you're putting things into the ice machine?

Yes, yes.

I thought you were saying that you were going and taking things out.

Well, we put ice into the ice machine.

We put ice into the ice machine, we unplug it.

Okay, so you're... there's some ice already in there.

Correct.

You're adding to the ice.

You seem so confused.

I mean, it's an ice machine.

It's an ice machine.

I don't understand, you're looking at us like we're both morons.

We're not going to empty ice machines and putting ice in them.

You're going to full ice machine or at least half filled ice machines, putting more ice into it, unplugging it, then you have essentially a tub full of cold water, room temperature Well, it's ice first and then it becomes room temperature and then it becomes, well, it becomes cold and then it becomes room temperature.

And then it gets a little warm if it's in the sun.

It's ice, then becomes room temperature, then becomes cold, then becomes room temperature.

You seem confused.

That's, no, you've answered all my questions.

Good.

Okay, so you have a tub full of water and then what happens?

Then we refreeze it.

We refreeze it.

We add flavorings.

Flavorings.

Okay, now we have not heard about this up to this point.

You add flavorings.

This is a new part of the story.

Yes.

This is new information.

What type of flavorings are you adding to this ice?

Oh, goodness.

It's mostly kumquat.

We're mostly a kumquat based company.

Mostly all of our, kumquat is the state fruit of St. Louis Obispo.

Oh, I see.

Okay.

I did not know that.

I've lived in California most of my life.

I have not.

It's the state fruit of state Louis, California.

State Louis Obispo.

State Louis.

Got it.

Obispo, California.

So the kumquat, and so you have a- And we'll try it out with different flavors.

You know, it's always a process.

We'll try it out with a peach.

We'll try it out with a nectarine.

We'll try it out with a passion fruit, with a dragon fruit.

Not your regular fruits, just to see what kind of different thing we can get.

Kiwis.

Other Australians.

Other, yes.

Sure, but you're always then landing on kumquat at the end of the process?

Almost always just end with end because it's just so good.

It just tastes good.

And it makes sense for us.

Yeah, you have so much of it, right?

It's on brand.

Yeah, it's definitely on brand for you guys from what you're telling me, from all the information I have currently.

Yeah.

You know, I can't believe you've never been to St. Louis Best Bookout for you.

I have only been to San Luis Obispo.

Oh, you gotta come.

Sorry, I gotta come up there.

You gotta come by.

There's so many deserts.

Do you grow your own kumquats?

Hmm?

I- Sorry, let me- I'm sorry, my back was to you.

Okay, are you a lip reader?

Hmm?

Are you a- Okay, turn back around.

Okay.

Are you a lip reader?

I am.

And is that primarily how you understand words?

Thank you, yes.

Got it, got it.

Okay, so my question is, is do you grow your own kumquats?

I'm sorry, I missed that.

I was upside down.

Okay, so wait, what did you hear?

Were you hearing the words- I heard it just upside down.

Oh, okay.

Do you grow your own kumquats?

I was right side up, yes.

You do?

Yes, we do.

We grow our own kumquats.

You have a kumquat farm?

Farm, yes.

Mm-hmm.

Proper term, a kumquat farm.

Kumquat farm?

Yes.

When you talk about the farm, you drop us a couple of the letters.

Got it, got it.

And is this something that you started?

Did you inherit it?

What is the transfer of ownership?

Both, we started it and inherited it.

We inherited it from our families who grew familiar when we were born in the same hospital, but we- By the same doctor.

Yes, but when they gave it to us, it was run down.

It was almost nothing, so we started it back up again.

Yes.

I see.

So a kumquat, they had started a kumquat farm together.

Yes, yes.

A long time ago, and then all of a sudden, they had to sell it because- Jen and Barry's Kumquats.

I've never heard of it.

I've never heard of it, but that's a...

What a wonderful name.

Jen and Barry's Kumquats, you've never heard of it?

That's like saying- I'm sorry, I was turned around.

You'll have to say that again.

Jen and Barry's Kumquats, you've never heard of it?

I did hear that.

Did you hear that?

I heard that, but I have not heard of it.

Oh.

That's crazy.

That's like not hearing of Steve and Tiny's loose leaf paper.

It's just a common- Oh, I don't...

I guess I'm not familiar with...

Do you- Steve and Tiny's loose leaf paper, we have it all- Cursive lines.

I know, I haven't heard.

Do you guys know Steve and Tiny?

Are they friends of yours?

I wish.

Steve and Tiny are two different people.

Yes.

It's not one person named Steve and Tiny.

It's not Steve and Tiny?

No.

It's not Steve and Tiny, it's Steve and Tiny.

That's how little I know about this paper company.

It's all loose leaf?

And also, Tiny's huge.

Really?

So it's an ironic...

Is it a nickname or is it an aspirational name that his parents- It's his birth name, yeah.

Really?

They hoped he would be Tiny.

I guess he was Tiny when he came out of it.

That's why they did it.

Yeah.

But he got bigger and bigger.

Not a lot of foresight on those parents.

No, no, no.

So- They named the other daughter Baby Here Now.

Baby Here Now.

Yeah, they said Baby Here Now.

And just, wow.

And that was his name.

So let me talk about your parents, because they started a kumquat farm.

Did they get to know each other when their vaginas were pointed at each other and they developed a friendship, or had they known each other beforehand?

Their vaginas were connecting them physically and mentally.

Is there a term, much like a murder of crows, for two vaginas?

Yes.

A silly of vaginas.

Yes.

Okay, so there was a silly of vaginas at this hospital.

That's three or more.

So there were only two.

There were only two.

A couple of vaginas.

And they felt a connection to each other, an emotional and spiritual connection, but there was no sort of umbilical cord.

There was no physical human tissue connecting, no.

No placenta connecting.

No.

A psychic, spiritual aura, if you will.

Plus the fathers must have been, it's very distracting, I can imagine.

Same father.

This is why.

This is why there's no privacy.

Also the no curtains.

Same father, same doctor.

He's the same as the doctor?

Yes.

He was the only doctor on call.

That's serendipity for him.

Both of his mothers are giving birth at the same time.

It was actually at home.

He calls it the hospital because he works there and sometimes he'll just turn it into a hospital and do all his work from home.

Really?

So your father, so you guys are brothers?

Technically.

Or brother and sister or sisters.

We're related.

We said we weren't related earlier, but now we are saying differently.

Okay, got it.

So do you understand?

Is your father still around?

Right now he's not around, but he is alive.

He dropped us off.

He did drop us off.

He did drop us off, yes.

He did.

He's picking us up at 3pm.

Is this the farthest you've ever been away from him?

This is more than 22 inches.

It's 22 inches away from each other, but yes.

But you've been away from father.

We've been almost 18, 20, 30 feet away from him.

Right.

That's the extent of it, really.

Not even a football field.

No, I wouldn't know how long a football field is.

Oh, that is approximately 150 feet.

Well, no, actually 300 feet.

I was talking about from mid...

I guess you don't know either.

You can say whatever you want.

We don't know him.

You can say it's an inch long.

We'd be like, all right, so...

Yeah, I guess a football field is a fact.

We're not sports guys.

So do you guys know or do you women or do you know anything about...

He had a move called the dip and piss.

The dip and piss.

That he had patented.

He patented this?

I believe he has a patent, a provisional patent, and then...

And then a patent Oswald.

And a patent leather.

Really?

I didn't realize that you could patent moves, but I guess dance moves.

You can patent mostly anything.

Really?

I think so.

We have a few patents out there.

Oh, okay.

By the way, I never found out what your most lucrative invention is, but I'd like to hear about these patents as well.

That's a whole other story.

I'll tell you what, why don't we take a break and we're going to find out about these patents.

We're going to find out about the lucrative business that you do, but already...

During the break?

No, after the break.

On the other side of the break.

Yeah, because then they wouldn't be able to hear it.

I feel like we should wait.

I mean, I would be able to...

During the break, we can talk about whatever you want.

Yeah, well, what do you guys want to talk about?

We could just talk about something fun.

Okay.

You pick a topic.

We'll talk about it during the break.

You watch Vanderpump Rules?

You know I do, buddy.

I guess we know what our break is.

Okay, we'll be right back after this conversation about Vanderpump Rules.

Comedy Bang Bang, we're back here.

We have Jen and Barry of Jen and Barry's ice re...

Frozen ice.

Yes.

Tell us about these patents.

We have over 365 patents.

One for every day of the year, almost.

Almost one year of our life where we committed to patenting something every day.

And one for each degree.

Wow, so this is almost like a They Might Be Giants dial-a-phone situation where they were like, just gave themselves a challenge and they did it and you guys have done it as well.

365 patents.

Was this on a leap year?

Did you take a day off?

We take days off and then we end up...

With a backlog?

With a backlog, yes.

Okay, so it's not one every day.

Right, right, right.

But...

St. Patrick's Day we did not file a patent.

What did you guys do on St. Patrick's Day?

We didn't have time.

We just got drunk.

Really?

Yeah.

So you went from the very tip of the morning to the, I guess they say top of the morning.

We woke up and our beds that face each other.

Interesting.

And they're no more than 22 inches apart, I would imagine.

No.

So how, okay, so I guess...

We sleep head to head.

Oh, you sleep head to head with that ruler?

Head to head 19 inches apart.

Okay, got it.

We give ourselves three inches of...

What happens if you ever need to get up and go to the restroom?

The other one gets up as well.

Yeah, or just don't get up.

Yeah.

Oh, really?

So just...

Sit in your mess.

Yeah.

Sit in your mess is one of your patents?

Yeah.

Tell me about this one.

Oh, that's our newest product, Sit in Your Mess.

It's basically a mattress and a sponge.

Okay.

I guess a lot of mattresses are sponges.

Correct.

So we thought, why not just marry the two?

Right.

Yeah.

This is very dangerous territory for me because Lisa is one of our sponsors, so I hate to give free advertising.

By the way, Lisa, their slogan is, this is the mattress you shouldn't pee in.

Oh, that's true.

That's smart.

So they must have started that after...

After we had...

These mattresses come to your house pretty compact, right?

Yeah.

About in the size of a miniature refrigerator.

Ours comes bigger than it...

Ours comes almost...

Bigger!

Almost quadruple the size.

Because it's a sponge.

Yeah.

Interesting.

So you need to dry it out when it gets to your house?

You have to leave it outside in the direct sunlight for 16 days before using it.

Not a lot of people live in the desert of St. Louis Obispo.

No.

Not a lot of people are going to be sleeping well tonight.

So they get a giant... what is the water or liquid that is engorged to this mattress?

That's usually other urine, yeah.

You get a giant piss-filled mattress sent to your door.

Because they are full mattresses and then we take them, extract all of the urine out of them, much like our...

The frozen ice business.

Frozen ice business, and then we will put a lukewarm or room temp urine.

I see.

From where do you get this urine?

We have a guy.

You have a guy?

Yeah.

Who is this guy?

Edward James.

Almost.

Edward James Almost?

Yes.

Is this... is he related to the famous actor Edward James?

Almost.

He almost was related to him?

So what happened?

Is it like same father, but much like your situation?

Or just at the bar where Edward James Almost's father was picking up Edward James Almost's mother, he was a guy who almost got in there and instead was born.

Yeah, and now he just sells us his urine.

So you're getting piss from Edward James.

Correct.

You're putting it in these mattresses and sending it to people.

Are people ordering them or...?

We're sending it to people.

We're sending them to people first.

Influencers?

We send... our first year, we send out our new products for free to get you hooked.

Get you hooked, right.

Much like a drug dealer.

I don't know that anyone needs more than one piss-filled mattress, you know?

I mean, normally that get you hooked thing is for something that there's a lot of...

I feel like you're harping on the piss part of it a lot.

It's a giant part of it.

I understand that.

We know it is.

We understand that.

We know it is.

We know.

We went through all of this.

We got inventors.

We spent hours.

Listen, we have 364 other ideas.

We get it.

I'm not sure why you need an inventor to invent someone peeing on a mattress either.

We know.

We get it.

You only buy a mattress every 10 years.

We've heard of it.

I know.

It's a bad business model, honestly.

Well, the mattress is going to get pissed anyway.

It's like pre-pissed mattresses.

You know what?

We're not sending you one.

You were going to send me a piss-filled mattress?

Yeah.

We were trying to get sponsors on your show.

I mean...

Look, I have a lease.

I'm very happy with it.

I don't know that I would...

We have a Lisa too.

We have a Lisa also.

We have also invented a new brand of mattress called the Lisa Mattress.

What?

Yeah.

Is this the one that I'm familiar with or is this a different company?

Absolutely not.

It's a completely different company.

What are the qualifications?

It's a Lisa Lisa mattress.

Wait.

Is cult jam involved in this?

All of our mattresses are shaped like Lisa Kudrow.

Two Lisa Kudrows.

Two Lisa Kudrows?

Oh, that's the dream?

And the way we stick it together is with a cult jam.

Depending on what you like.

Wait.

Two Lisa Kudrows looking at each other and cult jam in between?

And cult jam in between.

Oh, I didn't know I was going to get horny on this show, but then I looked down and suddenly I am.

When we were creating the product, we didn't know it was going to make people horny either.

Wow.

And we've sent it to sleepless people and horny people and the sleepless people always send it back.

The horny people never do.

The mattress that makes you want to fuck on it.

That's our catchphrase.

So you've heard of it.

I have not, but wow.

Well, I'm sorry.

You screwed it up.

It's the mattress that makes you want to fuck on top of two Lisa Kudrows.

Oh, of course.

Or Lisa Turtles.

We also have different ones.

Different ones for different audiences.

Yeah.

Those are the only two audiences that are out there.

Oh, okay.

Lisa Kudrow fans.

Black people and white people.

Right.

Got it.

That's it.

Well, how do you guys stay in business?

Can I ask?

It is hard.

It's hard to say whether it's the, you know, juggle in the air or in the water.

In the water.

What do you, when you say, well, one of our other pants is a water juggling.

Water juggling.

Yeah.

It's interesting because when you juggle, people juggle a fire sometimes.

They'll light something.

Yeah, exactly.

But I, but water is very difficult.

Try juggling water underwater.

It's virtually impossible.

It's pretty much just moving your arms.

Yeah.

You're talking about swimming.

Yeah.

Wait, did you guys patent swimming?

We tried.

By calling it underwater juggling water?

Yes.

We called it underwater juggling and we gave classes.

Oh, okay.

There was backstroke underwater juggling.

I mean, you're maybe saving lives, but I don't know that this is a business.

Yeah.

People called it treading water mainly.

Yeah.

Or being in water.

Right.

Yeah.

For a business, you don't want to tread water.

No, no.

Yeah.

So that was one of the patents that.

I'm not talking about that guy.

That's okay.

We have many more.

Hey, you know what?

If we stopped, if every time we failed, we would have stopped.

After the first one.

Instead you have 365 of these things.

Yeah.

Okay.

So tell me about this lucrative product.

I mean, we've had so many flops.

We invented the tripod.

The tripod.

Yes.

Okay.

Hold on now.

I've heard of an iPod.

Uh huh.

Then you've heard of the tripod.

No, that's not.

Yes.

No.

I mean, I've heard of the iPod.

I've heard of the iPod.

Yes.

But you, um, right now that you were wrong.

I mean, I have heard of the tripod because you just said.

There you go.

Typod.

Yes.

But have you heard of the iPod?

Yes, but the two are not connected.

You've heard of the tripod.

What is a tripod?

I mean, what is the name?

You've heard of an iPod, right?

Should I start naming things that it's not?

Is it a head of lettuce?

It is.

It's a head of lettuce.

It's part of the.

How did I guess that in one?

I don't know.

I feel like we're connected like your mother's vaginas here.

I just want.

Are we a silly of vaginas?

I knew I was having a great time here because it's almost like you can read our minds.

Are you related to us?

I don't believe so.

Tell us what you think a type had it.

A type is a type that is the one that flopped.

So you created a type.

Well, with the type, the type pod came first.

We put out the type head and then the type had to shortly after people were mad because they said, why didn't you just go shoot right for the type pod too?

And you guys are talking about a head of lettuce.

You invented a head of lettuce?

Well, it is.

It looks like lettuce.

It is made to resemble lettuce.

And is it made out of lettuce?

It is made out of lettuce.

So it's lettuce.

It's lettuce.

And it's just a full head of lettuce?

And we call it a type pod.

Why?

Because it plays music.

It's a tie that plays music.

It's a tie.

I don't think that that's true of a regular head of lettuce.

Okay.

We came up with the idea for the type pod, which is a tie that plays music.

We are entrepreneurs.

We're inventors.

We invent.

We listen, we come up with a lot of circuitry.

It's hard to figure out.

So we're the idea pit people.

So what do we do?

We usually tell people the ideas and then present them ahead of us.

Okay.

And this time no one knew how to make what you're talking about.

Well, no.

If we would have moved on to a production, we would have made these type pods.

But when we went to the room and we pitched this, I believe it was to Elon.

Yeah.

Elon.

Most.

And he said.

Elon most.

I apologize.

He said, this type pod is just a head of lettuce.

And we said for now, and he said.

That's all it's ever going to be?

That's all it's ever going to be.

And then he went straight to the head of Spencer gifts, Richard Spencer.

Hmm.

Richard.

I didn't know that.

Yeah.

Dick Spencer.

Richard Spencer, the famous alt-right.

Yes.

White nationalist.

1000%.

Is the head of Spencer gifts?

Yes.

Yeah.

He is.

Yeah.

I never knew that.

Why do you think they have so many lava lamps?

I guess I never put that together either now or before.

Or soon here in the future.

Yeah.

Tomorrow.

And he sold it as like a gag gift.

It was, he said, get yourself a type pod.

But when you opened it up, it was just a head of lettuce.

A head of butter lettuce.

That's fun.

I guess.

I guess I can imagine giving that to some excited child on a major holiday.

If there's one thing we all know is children love lettuce.

I've never found that to be true.

Really?

Children, every child I know.

I saw a child.

I found a child and I.

Hold on.

What do you mean by that?

I saw a child.

I found a child.

Did you not understand the words that were coming out of my mouth?

Hold on, Chris Tucker.

I know what these words are, but they, they get in here.

Was that Chris?

That was Chris.

He was for a second.

Why was Chris Tucker?

Why did he come in here?

Sauntered through here.

I look when you're in Hollywood, we get a lot of big stars on that.

Wow.

Must be rush hour.

Incredible.

So but what do you mean you saw a child?

You found a child.

I saw a child.

I found a child.

I handed him lettuce.

He said, we love it.

Was he French?

Yes.

So you're saying yes.

Yeah.

Which means he likes lettuce.

Which means he likes it.

He likes lettuce.

Got it.

Okay.

This is what an interesting story.

Did you ever keep a track of the child?

Keep a.

Yeah, there's a tracker on the child.

We did put a tracker on the child.

To track his movements like a spider tracer.

His thoughts.

His thoughts?

How?

I don't know.

Did you guys invent a thought reading tracker?

We did.

It only works on children, but we did invent that.

Interesting.

It definitely is.

So you're, are you hearing thoughts of little children right now?

Are you?

We can.

We have to put it.

You have to turn on the receiver?

Yeah.

So you can hear it too.

You can hear it too.

I'd love to hear some of these.

Okay.

Like for instance, I saw, found a child and he.

He's our child.

You found a child.

I found a child.

So I, and it is downstairs.

It is downstairs in the car with my father, with our father.

So you are.

Our father who art in a Chevy.

And not only seeing these children and finding these children, but you're then putting them in the Chevy.

We're tracking them.

Because the wifi to, uh, to play their thoughts is not, it's not that.

It's not that strong.

It's closed caption.

Oh, it's closed caption.

Really?

Oh, okay.

Well, uh, you can also hear it.

Okay.

What would you prefer?

Would you, I'd love to either hear some of these children's thoughts or to read them.

What would you prefer to do?

I think we should hear them.

You can turn on the speakers or you can read a printout.

I think we should hear them.

Let's hear them.

Cause if we had to read them, we would have to write them down for you.

Got it.

I thought you were saying they were closed captioned.

Well, they are, but we do closed captioning.

Oh, this is a lot of work for you guys.

My keyboard.

Yes.

I have a portable keyboard that has certain.

A portable keyboard.

Wow.

That's most of the keyboards I've ever seen are just attached right to those computers.

No, this one is portable.

Free floating keyboard.

Nice.

Yeah.

Nice bro.

Okay.

Tell you what, when we need to take a break.

But why don't when we come back, we'll hear some of the thoughts of these.

What should we talk about during break?

Yeah.

Well, um, what else are you guys into?

Is Vanderpump Rules the only?

Do you watch Big Brother?

Uh, yeah.

I mean, I've been known to take a look at Big Brother.

What about Kid Sister?

Could you watch Kid Sister?

Have you heard of that?

I've never heard of Kid Sister.

Is this a new show?

Let's talk about that.

Okay.

Let's talk about Kid Sister.

Okay.

We'll be right back with more Comedy Bang Bang, more Jen and Barry.

We'll be right back after this.

Welcome back to Comedy Bang Bang.

I'm here with Jen and Barry and also Barry and Jen.

Hi.

We were just talking about Kid Sister, but what were we talking about?

Oh, yeah, yeah.

We were going to hear some of these children's thoughts from the tracker.

You have one down in the Chevy.

The old Chevrolet.

Yes.

Is it Chevrolet?

Chevrolet?

I think it's Chevrolet.

Like the Shavra.

I believe it's a cheese.

Chevrolet.

All right.

You have a kid down there.

Why wait?

I'm not sure.

Okay.

So with our kid thought tracker, patent pending because we...

Oh, it's pending.

This is one of the ones you have not patented yet.

No, no, no.

That's in the name.

We...

Oh, okay.

But you have patented it.

It's called parent pending.

Parent pending?

Did you think I said patent?

It must be your dialect.

You're in St. Louis Obispo.

If you go back and listen to the recording, I'm a million percent sure that I said parent pending.

Believe me, I'm going to because I love listening.

I know you do.

I'm a long time first time with this show.

Let's hear these thoughts.

How do we do it?

Okay.

So all you have to do...

You have the speaker.

We've hooked it up during the break.

Okay.

So Barry, why don't you just take this cable?

Yeah.

Barry, we have to set up the cables.

Oh, there's...

There are two cables.

You know, when you said it was ready during the break, during our conversation about Kid's Sister, you said, yeah, speaker's all hooked up.

You never mentioned a cable.

Oh, yeah, yeah.

The speaker's hooked up.

It's plugged in.

You can see the red light on it.

Yeah.

Okay.

So right now, we just want to set up these cables.

Okay.

Yeah.

Go ahead.

Do what you need to do.

I'll just kind of...

I just need this right in there.

I'll put these cables...

No.

Nope.

The next one over.

Okay.

Got it.

And then...

Really wish you would have done this during the break.

Are you telling me to shoot?

And then I'm just trying to see if I can hear it through the speaker.

Oh, you're getting it?

One, two.

Not yet.

Choo, choo, choo, choo.

Choo, choo.

Mario Batali, the choo.

Mario Batali's on the choo.

Mario Batali is not currently on the choo anymore.

You really gotta adjust your warm-ups.

I'm sorry.

Why?

Did something happen?

Just let us finish our warm-ups.

Okay, go ahead.

Kevin Spacey is the best.

Are you guys done?

Is this hooked up?

We're warmed up.

Cables are in.

Okay, great.

I don't know why you need to warm up, considering we're just gonna be hearing a transmission.

But all right, it's time to hear these thoughts of the little boy girl.

Good.

You didn't offend him.

Okay.

Down in the Chevrolet.

Where am I?

Where am I going to?

I'm so scared.

When are they gonna let me go?

Jen Berry, I'm hearing a little bit of echo.

I'm hearing a little bit of echo.

Wrong cable?

Did I put the wrong cable in?

I put the echo cable in.

Okay, yeah, take out that echo cable.

I'm sorry, hold on one second.

Echo cable, I put the echo cable in right next to the echocooler.

I just gotta warm up quick before you take the watch.

By the way, but...

Harvey Weinstein is fine.

Harvey Weinstein is Feinstein.

Okay, we're warmed up.

Echo cable's out.

Echo cooler is in.

Echocooler is in.

Are you guys trapping the souls of these...

Okay, never mind.

By the way, everything we've heard from this child, he or she is very frightened.

You have to understand, this is just a...

We can't tell if they're frightened.

I mean...

Yes, you can because you're hearing their thoughts.

No, because you're hearing an echo.

You're hearing the echo, so it sounds...

Yeah, you might have heard the echo.

All right, let's tune back in on them.

Okay, here we go.

Turning on.

I'm at my...

What's happening?

Okay, we're getting some really weird feedback.

Oh, sorry.

Did we have the tutu cable in?

I think we had the tutu.

Did Desmond give you that cable?

God damn it.

All right, take out the tutu cable.

Well, you hear their thoughts.

Anyway, those are definitely what kids think.

Can I just say, these children that you've abducted, they're frightened, they don't know where they are.

That is not the case.

That's the way...

We do not abduct children.

Did you force them to go inside the Chevrolet or not allow them to...

Do we sell them a product called the Abduction 5000?

Yes.

The Abduction 5000?

What is this?

And you're selling it to them?

Correct.

Yes.

Well, we don't sell it in the first year.

In the first year, we sell 60 to 70,000 children.

60 to 70,000 children.

The Abduction 5000 is a van.

Okay, I'm listening.

In that van is...

Some of our other patents.

Some of our other patented items.

Okay, so you have a bunch of the things that you've created in a van.

Correct.

So it's like, you know how an ice cream truck drives around and sells you all different types of ice cream?

Sure.

We do the same thing, except we sell our different types of inventions.

Okay, do you have music that plays as you're driving along?

Yes.

Okay, and what song are you playing?

Or what type of music?

Hold on, little girl.

You show me what he's done to you.

Okay, this is not a good song for you guys to be playing with this particular business.

Selling the Abduction 5000.

Little boys that talk too much.

Hold on, little girl, tell me what he's done to you.

It's true.

They know both of you.

So come on, baby.

Come on over.

Let me be the one to show you.

I'm the one who wants to be with you.

Show you our inventions.

And show you our inventions.

Pet and pending.

Can I ask, is this the official master recording of this song?

Or is this you guys just doing what you guys just did?

That was playing off our phone.

Yeah.

Okay, I'm sorry.

I wasn't looking at you.

Every once in a while you gotta look at the Thunderdome.

I thought we were, are we allowed to look at each other again?

Yeah, go ahead.

Yeah, okay.

Feel free.

Okay, so that was played off your phone.

Yeah, it sounded like it was in the room, but that's because we took the tutu cable out.

Oh, okay.

Got it.

One of our other patents is a, um, long and the short of it, it's just a big bear costume.

Okay, you've created a big bear costume.

Yes, that's the long and the short of it.

Okay, give me the medium of it.

Yeah, give me the medium because it seems like that's where all the details live.

Okay.

The costume and the inside of the costume is actually like the inside of a real bear.

Yes.

With lungs and...

Just lungs.

Well, if you know bears.

Sounds like Lisa Kudrow, if you know what I mean.

Get that boner away from us.

Sorry.

You don't come on Comedy Bang Bang without expecting a boner in your face.

We gotta invent some boner repellent.

Yeah.

You seem uncomfortable.

Oh boy, I'm sorry.

Look, it's all fun, but I don't mean to...

I think she wasn't looking at your mouth and she misheard you wrong.

Oh, no.

I'm sorry?

Don't expect to come on Comedy Bang Bang and not have a boner in your face.

Oh, I thought you...

I thought I saw something else.

Oh, okay.

Yeah, what did you think that I said?

Don't come on Comedy Bang Bang.

And then I blinked.

And you wanted to come on this show?

Hey, I mean it seems like everybody has boners.

Hey, when in Rome?

Yeah, we were both in the movie.

Wait, you guys did a Woody?

You guys are actors too?

We didn't even get to this.

You guys were in a Woody Allen film, when in Rome?

Is that a Woody Allen film?

No.

No, which one am I thinking of?

No, it's a big one.

What am I thinking of?

Rome, the show on HBO.

Woody Allen did a movie with Rome in the title, didn't he?

I'm not sure.

What's when in Rome?

When in Rome was a movie made by the Disney Corporation starring Christabel, Josh DeMille, Dax Shepard, Danny DeVito, John Heater, and Will Arnett.

Will Arnett and Charlie Sanders.

And you guys were in the, I mean obviously you know the, To Rome with Love is what I'm thinking.

That's what you're thinking.

Were you guys in that?

Yes.

Why didn't you...

Why did you tell me the title then?

Because we were talking about the first movie.

Oh, okay.

And we're also trying to talk about our most lucrative, our most lucrative film.

Oh, you guys got paid plus 10% on that one?

We are also act-repreneurs.

Yeah, we're act-repreneurs.

This is amazing.

We do headshots, screenshots, body shots.

Body shots, head shots, screenshots, and kill shots.

So when you guys get hired on a movie, they hire you to bring your head shots.

We bring our head shots, we get hired on the film.

They immediately do body shots off of our bodies.

Wait, you have a body shop too?

We also have a body shop.

So you guys are fixing everyone's cars.

Then you're doing body shots.

It's next door to our hobby shop.

Okay.

What about your hobby lobby?

That's at the front of the store.

Okay, got it.

And then people are doing shots out of your belly buttons?

Yes.

Did Woody do one of these?

Uh, he did.

Oh my God.

That's incredible.

Do you know what he said?

What did he say?

It was, I remember it like it was yesterday.

He said, hey man, this crazy.

That doesn't sound like Woody Allen.

Woody.

Huh?

I thought that's my Woody Allen.

Oh, that's your impression of him?

From working with him, yes.

Are you sure that it was Woody Allen?

Yeah.

Woody Allen.

Hey everybody, I'm Woody Allen.

I don't know that you guys actually...

No, no, it was a Woody Allen movie.

And he goes, okay guys, action.

I don't know.

Wait, can you describe the plot?

At the beginning, sure.

At the beginning of the movie, he says action?

He walks, it's a black screen.

He walks on in all black.

Okay.

Undresses slowly.

Undresses slowly?

Yeah.

Undresses slowly and then says...

Come on baby, action.

Action.

This doesn't sound like Woody Allen.

And then we walk on.

Although I have not seen, I haven't seen the film.

Yeah, you didn't even know the name.

Yeah, and then maybe kicked the mouse.

Okay, maybe it is.

I don't understand.

Hey, hey, hey.

And I'm just saying.

Jen or Barry.

Yes.

There's no call for that.

It's Barry and Jen.

Okay.

So wow, you guys are actrapreneurs.

Headshots, body shots, kill shots.

You're doing kill shots?

Yes.

What does that mean?

You're killing people at the end of these films?

One of our product was called, one of our early products.

We don't talk about this one a great deal.

It was called Snipeys.

That's not a cereal.

It was a cereal.

It came with cereal.

It was a full functioning automatic sniper rifle that came with cereal.

With cereal, yeah.

Almost like the toy.

Yeah, well.

Okay, instead of being the thing in the box of cereal, it just had loose cereal?

In the box of every one of these guns was a tiny package of loose cereal.

Scattered, yeah, scattered loose cereal.

Yeah.

So you guys are ammunition dealers.

In a way, yes.

In a way, which way?

In the fact that we sell ammunition.

Okay, so you are inventors.

We are jacks of all triads.

Triads?

Yes, jacks of all triads, because we usually sell to the triads as well.

Oh, you do?

Yes.

Almost exclusively, but we...

The three families?

Yes.

Yeah.

Okay.

The triads.

Got it.

Are you okay?

No, we all are, but...

No, later today.

What?

I'm planning on it.

Guys!

I know.

But we wanted to come on because you asked us so nicely.

You're done.

You were so nice, and this was just the way...

We've been big fans of the show forever.

We have.

And I just wanted my last moments on this earth to be so close to my brother and to be close to you and just to get the word out there, because once I'm gone, half the brain is gone.

Right.

You guys share a brain?

Half of it, yes.

Okay.

Was this due to somehow...

I don't even want to get into it, but you're ill?

Or are you...

We don't want to get into it either, but we will.

We can make it very quick.

When we were born, we fired out of the penis.

Yeah.

Directly...

Head first?

Head first.

Skullcap to skullcap, we connect.

Right.

Much like...

Much like in an orangy...

Much like George Burns.

Oh, I was gonna say...

Much like George Burns in 18 again.

In much like George Burns and that handsome brown-haired boy who never was seen again, except maybe in Police Academy.

Possibly.

Okay.

What was I talking about when I was pointing my fingers next...

I think two...

The heads of two dicks touching.

It looks like that's what you're trying to do.

Well, that's what I thought that you were miming.

Oh, you thought our dicks touched.

Our dicks never touched.

Yeah, I've never...

I don't know how...

I wouldn't even know where to begin miming two dicks touching.

I'm sorry.

I don't know if that is a commentary on your mime skills or maybe where my brain is at, but that's where I went.

Okay.

That's understandable.

That's fine.

So you guys cracked heads and your brain's kind of mixed up in there?

One half...

The half of mine was destroyed that hit his skull in half, but now...

Right.

So together you have a full brain.

Together we're a full brain.

Together we are Ben and Jerry.

Right.

And are you ill or are you...

You said you were deciding to die?

I coughed.

You said, are you going to be okay and I said, I'm going to die.

I'm going to kill myself later tonight.

You're killing...

Yes.

Oh no.

Why?

Well, we have a patent pending on an afterlife.

We have...

You guys have invented an afterlife?

We have invented a new product called the afterlife.

Whoa.

No wonder you're in such a hurry to get there.

Well, we got to test it out.

The only way to figure out if it works is if you test it.

So this is why you're doing this because you've invented something that you're...

Okay.

And we feel like we can't kill 60 to 70,000 people.

Yeah.

Right.

It's impossible.

Get them hooked.

Yeah.

It's impossible.

Yeah.

It would be hard.

It would be tough.

I mean, you guys are...

It would be impossible.

We've thought about it.

But it's not impossible.

You guys are masters of the kill shot.

Yeah, exactly.

Glad you know that.

There's just so many serials.

Correct.

Right.

So how did you do this?

How did you create an afterlife?

I mean...

It's a neuro net.

It's a neuro net that connects to your brain.

It's a very scientific...

Yeah.

It involves...

Yeah.

Our consciousness is transferred into this...

Downloaded, if you will, into an...

And uploaded, perhaps.

Well, first we download it.

First we download it.

Download it onto an external hard drive.

And then it goes to like room temperature and then back to cold.

Yeah.

Right.

Got it.

And then we put it onto a floppy disk and then we throw that out.

Because that can't use.

Uh oh.

We can't use a floppy disk.

Where are you going to find a computer that has a floppy disk?

We can't use it.

It's impossible.

I think I have one lying around, but yeah.

And then we upload your consciousness, your thoughts, your dreams, your biggest desires onto the tripod.

Mm hmm.

So into this butter lettuce.

I mean, it's called the tripod, but yes, it is butter lettuce.

It's ultimately living butter lettuce.

So you guys are sticking some sort of computer chip into lettuce.

I mean...

That is actually the process.

We take some kind of computer chip.

Okay.

We don't know which kind.

Are you going down to Radio Shack and just saying give me a computer chip?

Radio Shack does not exist anymore.

Yeah.

We don't go down there.

You're a Weinstein, but you think Radio Shack doesn't exist?

Radio Shack went out of business.

Yes, they did a long time ago.

Did they really?

We know that for sure.

Because some of our patent pending patents were at Radio Shack.

I believe they were going to close down and then people, they started selling drones and like they thought maybe this will save us and that didn't work.

I don't know.

I guess I didn't know.

It's been a few years since I lived next to my friendly neighborhood radio.

What was that?

I said it's been a while.

Okay.

This is a crazy story.

You guys have been...

All our stories are crazy and that's why they're so great.

And that's why it's time to end it all.

Go out on a high note.

Punch it out with a quick little bullet to the neck.

Up to the neck?

I plan on sticking a bullet in my neck.

And just dying of lead poisoning?

Just pushing it in as hard as I can.

Bleed it out.

Because we need to save the brain just in case we need to get it back to the butter lettuce.

It's a gruesome way to die.

I don't envy you, but it's got to happen.

It's a shame you'll never be back on the show.

It's a damn shame because I had such an amazing time.

Yeah.

You know what?

It's maybe the apex of your life.

You know, why not end it?

Why not end it?

Why go downhill?

You know what I mean?

You made it all the way.

It's like when you climb Mount Everest, just stay there.

Yeah.

Who comes down?

What are you going to do when you get to the top?

You leap off.

Who comes down from Mount Everest?

I don't know.

Just stay there.

If you do something that great...

Remain in it.

Exactly.

And that's what we're doing.

If you jump out of a plane and you have the world record for the highest plane jump...

Right.

Does anybody ever hear you fall?

No.

Just keep falling.

Keep falling.

Free falling.

You guys are wonderful people.

You guys are.

You're the best.

I really am inspired by you and that's what this show is all about.

Thank you.

I think you've inspired us.

To do what?

I think we're both going to go tonight.

That's not the way I want to inspire guests on this show.

I think it makes sense.

It's just that you're such a kind...

Maybe you're the person that should take some kind of computer chip and bring us...

Wait, wait, wait.

When I asked you why you were coughing and you said you were going to die, why are you coughing?

It has nothing to do with your...

With the invention.

No.

You just asked me and it reminded me.

It reminded you.

Got it.

We ate a whole lot of neck bones this afternoon and they were spicy.

Tell me about it.

Well guys, we're running out of time here.

I could talk to you forever.

We should invent something that gets us more time.

I'm sorry.

I could talk to you for a long time, but I know you need to get to...

The end.

The afterlife.

What did you call the afterlife, by the way?

Our new product is called the afterlife.

Just the afterlife.

We didn't want to confuse it.

We didn't want to jazz it up.

We just wanted to be what it is.

So there's no jazz in the afterlife, according to the rules.

No, no, no.

There is a jazz jazz.

There's a jazz jazz.

There's a barber who cuts all of your hair.

Jazz jazz.

I remember him.

There's one jazz jazz there in the afterlife.

You know, he's been on the show before.

Really?

Yeah.

He was a big hit.

I constantly ask him to come back.

Well, he's dead.

That's too bad.

Well, guys, we only have one last feature on the show and I don't know if you're going to be able to partake, but I guess we'll get the word out about some of your products, but it's a little something called Plugs.

Plugs.

Give me that plug.

Want your plugs tonight.

Come on.

Plugs.

Give me that plug.

Want your plugs.

Oh, right.

Come on.

Give me it, baby.

I want your plugs.

Yeah.

Give me it, baby.

Want your plugs.

Give me it, baby.

Yeah.

I want your plugs.

If you want to be my baby.

I want your plugs.

If you want to be my baby.

I want your plugs.

Give me it, baby.

Want your plugs.

Give me it, baby.

Want your plugs.

Give me it, baby.

Want your plugs.

Give me it, baby.

Want your plugs.

Give me it, baby.

Want your plugs.

Ooh, baby.

That was nice.

Yeah, we don't get a lot of that style, but that was- That style made me want to kiss Debbie Gibson on the mouth.

Well, you're never going to get to.

Do you have regrets?

Why did she pass?

No, you're about to.

Oh, that's right.

I'm sorry to remind you again.

I forgot.

I keep forgetting.

I'm going to keep forgetting.

All the things you're never going to do.

We're having such a blast.

Maybe you could go find Debbie Gibson and give her a kiss on the mouth before you go and say, hey, I'm about to die.

She's Deborah Gibson now.

Does that spoil it for you?

Honestly, it does for me.

It does a little bit.

I'm not going to lie.

Yeah.

Remember when Debbie Harry became Deborah Harry?

Come on.

No.

Let me remind you.

Debbie Harry became Deborah Harry.

Oh, shut up now.

Oh, wow.

Now I can die.

That was Want Your Plugs Tonight by Christy Orlando.

Thanks so much for that.

Christy Orlando?

I know.

It's like a Mouseketeer or something.

Wow.

From Orlando, Michigan?

That's what I'm playing next time.

All right.

That's a fantastic name.

What are we playing?

Yeah.

Maybe she's a professional.

She or he.

I don't mean to offend you, Christy.

There's a Christy Moore of the Pogues, who I believe is a gentleman.

So thousand.

Yes.

Ben and Jen.

I'm sorry.

I almost said Ben and Jerry's.

Is that a sore spot with you guys?

It is.

It really is.

I'm sorry to keep poking you.

It's OK.

I'll refrain from that.

It's hard to see when you're going to poke us because we're not allowed to look at you.

Yeah.

But you guys are fine with Ben and Jerry.

Yeah.

I'm sorry.

That's a sore spot on me.

That's Mark.

Ben and Jerry hurts when you hit it.

Oh, yeah.

Sorry to keep poking you.

That's OK.

But other than that, they're fine.

They're great.

Other than that, they're great.

They have great ice cream or frozen yogurt.

Plug some of the products that we didn't get to, though.

Sure.

Do you want to start?

That's very gentlemanly of you.

I think it really is.

Yeah.

Thank you, Barry and Jen.

One of their products is Shaganigans.

Shana-ganz.

Shaganigans.

Does that have anything to do with The Legend of Nattygan?

Everything to do.

Everything to do, really?

Patton Oswalt's wife.

Yes.

Yeah.

And there's just a lot of them.

And then they play tricks on you.

Shaganigans.

It's a board game.

Oh, OK.

That sounds fun.

That's one of the patents.

How many players?

Three.

Exactly three?

Just like a silly of players.

It's so silly for silly of players.

OK.

Got it.

I want to plug, hey, never too late to go check out on Netflix, the comedy bang bang TV show, all 110 episodes up there.

Also the Michael Bolton, big sexy Valentine's Day special.

Those are some things that I've done that you may want to check out.

All right.

Why don't we close up the old plug bag?

Whoa, what a bag.

It's time to open it.

It's time to open up the bag.

Whoa, what a bag.

It's time to open it.

It's time to open up the bag.

Open up the bag.

Well, guys, I hope to see you back.

But if I don't, have a wonderful trip to the afterlife, OK?

Oh, God.

Oh, shit.

Why now?

Why here?

My neck.

Why did you both?

You both pushed those bullets into your necks with such force.

It sounded like a shotgun.

Oh, my God.

This is disgusting.

All right.

Well, they did it.

Oh, my God.

Their recording seems to have slowed down as well.

Is it true?

We're going to make a both of you.

So come on baby.

Come on over.

I'm the baby I want to.

All right.

We'll see you next time.

Thanks.

Bye.

Earwolv.

This has been an Earwolv production.

Executive produced by Scott Ockerman, Chris Bannon, and Colin Anderson.

For more information and content, visit earwolv.com.
