---
layout: page
title: 560. Ben Schwartz, Jessica McKenna, Will Hines [https：⧸⧸cloudfront.wolfpub.io⧸CBB-560-20180807-Schwartz-RCV02-PW.mp3].mp3.wav
category: cbb 
---

♪♪♪ No shoes, no shirt, no pants, no skin, no fat, no musculature, no problem Mr. Skeleton, welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

Thank you to our good friend Colfax McLivernick for that catchphrase submission and welcome to Comedy Bang Bang for another week and what an incredible week it is.

We have an old friend coming up on the show who has a new movie out or something.

Also, a little later we have a Puzzle Master and also a Mesmerist.

What an incredible collection of people.

All on the same show?

All on the same show. I wonder what we all have in common.

Where does, how do people, how do people find out about this show because I've listened and there are some crazy nutties.

You've listened, always nice to meet a fan.

I've listened to my episodes and there's some crazy nutties.

Always nice to meet a fan of yourself.

I've only listened to solo bolos and I only listened to my part of it.

But like really cool.

You edit me out of the solo bolos? How does that even work?

I put it on Vine because I know I remember when you talk and I do a show.

Put it on Vine?

I put it on Vine, the five second long, the Vine equivalent of just sound.

I'm worried that, by the way, and I'll introduce you in a second, I'm worried that.

I need no introduction. I am.

I'm worried that Vine videos are teaching our young actors some bad habits.

Really? You know Vine is done?

Every time I watch a Vine or an Instagram video, everyone's just like, oh.

That's the reaction or that's what people do on it?

Everyone's acting style is like, ooh.

It's a lot. Yeah, it's like a Scooby Doo surprise.

Speaking of Scooby Doo surprises, I was very surprised to learn that he has a new movie out called Blue Iguana coming out August 24th.

Please welcome our good friend Ben Schwartz.

Hey, hey, no need to clap. I'll just take it with your hey's.

Imaginary clapping.

Well, do you think the audience claps when you say a guest name?

I would like to think that.

So if they're on like a subway, if they're working out.

Mm hmm.

If they're working out, they're just suddenly applauding.

What percentage of your audience?

Everyone looking at them is like, they're applauding themselves for completing their reps.

Tell me if this is a repetition.

That's good. Tell me if this is correct.

Would you say 95% of your audience is doing squats while listening?

Super jacked. Just doing squats.

Squats while listening.

I don't know what it is about this show, but people, you know, when they get their buttholes low to the ground, they love to listen.

I don't think that's why people do squats.

Really?

Yeah, I think it's more for the most part.

To get their buttholes as low to the ground?

That's not why people are doing squats. The idea is to like strengthen the legs.

The lowest to the ground that your butthole can get, by the way, is literally nothing. It's touching.

It's sitting down on the floor.

This is funny. What about you sitting down with your butthole?

Tell me if this is funny.

Okay.

And if it is, let's get the audience to see if we can make it happen.

Enlist them.

We'll turn it into an Instagram story.

You sitting normally, and then you tilt your ass up so your butthole's in the air.

Up in the air, yeah.

And then I take a flute and I go, doo doo doo doo doo.

And a little piece of shit comes out of your asshole.

I think it's funny.

And I mesmerize her.

I like to think about it. Yeah, definitely.

You have to be totally naked.

And how would we achieve it without computer effects?

You'll shit. You'll just shit.

Like practical. I'll just shit.

Yeah.

Oh, okay. And wait, can we film it upside down? Is that?

No, you'll shit up.

What if we filmed it upside down? This is literally how we would do it if we were actually filming it.

I love this. I love this. We're on the ceiling?

We're on the ceiling.

I love this.

No. No, we put all furniture upside down in the room, and then I'm upside down pretending I'm right side up, and suddenly you get down there and go, doo doo doo doo doo doo.

I love this.

And I do a two girls, one cup just shitting.

I love it.

It's exactly how we would do it.

Why wouldn't we do it?

Let me tell you, one thing about movie theaters, when you think about it.

Oh, I love this. I love this.

A movie theater is essentially a big box of a room filled with things that people have rubbed their buttholes on.

Like the most number of people in the world have rubbed their buttholes.

It's the seats they're sitting on.

When you think about it, more people have rubbed their buttholes in movie theaters than in hospitals, maybe restaurants.

No, by the way, I would say you're incorrect because there's pants in between my butthole and the seats.

Well, sure, there's pants, but you know, I mean, like, the thinnest of khaki in between your butthole and the seat.

Yeah, the T of K, the thinnest of khaki.

By the way, buy my romantic novel, The Thinnest of Khaki.

It revolves around me going to Nantucket and having sex for the first time.

Just because you heard that rhyme about a man with a dick so big you could suck it?

I never heard it. I never heard the whole thing. I know how it starts.

I know it's a reference.

There's one cement from Nantucket and then what happened?

And that's all I heard for decades is just, and people go, huh, huh, huh, and I go, yeah, I guess.

That's a dirty thing.

Oh, you didn't know the end?

I didn't know, well, I didn't know even the second line.

What's the second line about it?

The, uh, who had a dick so big he could suck it.

Where is that dude?

Where is that guy? We gotta find him.

How big is that guy's dick?

Or how limber is he? That's the thing they don't talk about.

See, I heard, now tell me, I don't know if this is true.

Okay.

I heard that the dude has a very tiny penis, but he used to be a circus performer.

Right, he's just like that dude in Ocean's Eleven who came back for Ocean's Eight.

Yes, the Asian gentleman who is locked up in the thing and then does the acrobatics and then gets his thing caught and he has to rip off his thing.

And then Ocean's Eight, they're like, you know, hey, I know we're all women here pulling off this heist, but let's get one guy involved.

Is he in it?

Yeah.

Oh, what a spoiler.

Sorry, spoiler, well, you know, don't watch it. Here's another spoiler.

Don't go.

Don't watch it? That's so mean.

You have Mindy Kaling on tomorrow. I can't believe you said that.

Uh, friend of the show, don't know why I say that, never been on.

Despite repeated askings.

I heard that you asked Michael Stuhlbarg to be, uh...

Who's Michael Stuhlbarg?

Isn't Michael Stuhlbarg the guy from, you're not here, Michael Stuhlbarg the guy from every, uh, from every movie that's amazing?

Yeah, I think he's one of the finest actors in Shave of Water. He was in Men in Black 3. Those are two wildly different ones.

He was in, you know what?

They're not that different, really.

He was in Call Me By Your Name.

They both involve aliens.

Call Me By Your Name.

Oh, no, I love him.

The father who is unbelievable.

Yeah, the father, yeah, yeah, he's great. He's a serious man.

He is a serious man.

Yeah, the serious man himself.

I like that on the Emmys or on awards.

Awards shows where they say, you know, like, Nurse Jackie, uh, whatever her name is. What was her name? Dana.

Now, what was her name?

Do you think the woman from Sopranos' name is Dana?

Edie Falco. I did a movie with her. I did a movie with her.

It's called Outside In. Let's plug my movies.

Who cares?

Outside In. It's on Netflix right now.

Nurse Jackie, Edie Falco.

You know, like our Dexter, Michael Ian Black.

Michael C. Hall, Michael Chol.

Why are you doing these bits if you don't know the people's names?

Who's the President of the United States four years ago?

Four years ago. Which year would that have been?

2014.

Now, we're taping this in advance. We're taping this three years in advance.

Oh, okay. So it is a different president.

Ben, welcome to the show. Blue Iguana is the movie. Sounds interesting right from the jump.

I mean, if you were to say to me, do you want to see a movie called Blue Iguana? I'd be like, not only, yeah, but fuck yeah.

It's like a 90's caper. It's like a UK homage to those 90's movies we all loved. It stars Oscar award winner Sam Rockwell, myself, and Phoebe Fox.

Now, he was not an Oscar award winner when he filmed the movie.

He was not. It was actually the opposite. I said, you'll never win an Oscar, you piece of shit. Every time I saw him every day.

I said, this is how you act? You'll never win an Oscar, you piece of shit.

And who's, he's above the title, obviously. Where are you in the building?

I'm there too. I don't know.

Above the title?

Yeah, I think so.

Now, let me see, because I believe I have the poster here.

Okay, this is a big deal. This is a big deal, guys.

I'm going down my many tabs.

This is a big deal, guys.

Which you're very upset about.

Scott Aukman has 100 alarms and 100 tabs.

Sorry.

It's so annoying.

People are on my side about the tabs.

People are sad and tabbies are piles.

People are sad?

And everyone wants one. Have a little tab when you're a tab.

Now, it is not Dancing at the Blue Iguana.

No, and you know that. You could tell by the poster that it's 100% not that film.

I know that. Okay.

I wish it wouldn't waste the audience's time.

Here we go. Oh, there you are. Sam Rockwell.

Ben Schwartz.

I put in my 20 days.

And Phoebe Fox. It's a little, uh, it's such a small resolution that I can't quite tell what it is.

I don't think that it's...

Who's Phoebe Fox?

Phoebe Fox is a fantastic actress from London.

Listen to this tagline.

MULLETS. BULLETS. AND ONE GEM OF A HEIST.

Alright, sounds cool.

Alright, so that's coming out.

It's great. It's like an action movie. I have a mustache.

Do you get to, uh, fire a bang bang?

I do, but that's a surprise.

It's a surprise? To who? To the audience?

It's a surprise, because I hate guns. Yeah.

And I pick one up at the end. I just ruin the movie for you.

So, you, uh...

By the way, I fired many a gun gun in a couple things I've done.

In Undercovers, I've fired a gun gun.

Oh, that's right. Weren't you the computer dork on that show?

Yeah, yeah. Don't say computer dork, but yeah, yeah, yeah.

I was like the guy who hacked into the mainframe and stuff like that.

Oh, the mainframe dork.

Yeah, well, no. I wouldn't say dork. The word that I'm banging against is dork.

Oh, really?

The word that I'm comedy bang banging against is dork.

Um, you got to fire one in there at the two leads?

Of this?

Of no... Yeah, of this. It's a crossover.

Of Undercovers? No, no, no, no, no, no.

So, in Undercovers, you got to fire a gun at the two leads of Blue Water.

Did you see Avengers? Did you see the new Avengers?

Yes, I saw Avengers. Who are you talking to right now?

What did you think?

It's been out for months, of course.

Did I ruin it?

Yeah, it's great. It's, uh, you know, it's got the old Guardians of the Gee-Gees.

I love the Guardians of the Gee-Gees.

Why are you asking me about Avengers right now?

Are you trying to angle yourself? What is it?

Wasn't there a superhero out there that you were like, oh, oh, Plastic Man.

I do want to play Plastic Man.

And you were like, oh, I'd be a great Plastic Man.

I didn't say I would. Someone had recommended that.

Stop putting yourself out there for, it's so embarrassing.

Why? Someone recommended I agree.

It's so embarrassing for you to be like, I'd like to play Pla- I know it's worked for you. You're in Blue Iguana.

I asked to be the Blue Iguana. For years, I was begging to be in Blue Iguana.

But come on.

It's like, remember that? There was one dude who was out there.

I want to play the Green Lantern.

Oh, yeah. It ended up being Deadpool.

The dude from Friday Night Lights.

Oh, I thought you were talking about Ryan Reynolds.

No, no, no. There was a dude who was like, the eighth lead in Friday Night Lights was like, came out in an article saying, I'd like to play Green Lantern in the movie.

Yeah, no shit.

That makes sense.

That's the same thing as you. Why did you play Plastic Man?

I'm going to put it out there. I want to play the Dell guy.

I'm putting it out there and seeing what happens.

Yeah, you got to get it out.

Or the Gateway. The Gateway cow.

I want to play the Gateway cow.

I want to play the Dell guy or the Gateway cow.

Honestly, there are commercials that have been turned into things.

We have our good friend Nicole.

Caveman. I remember that.

Name another one. Any other commercial that's been turned into anything?

Oh, that's the Spicy Meatball.

That, of course.

Millions of episodes at this point.

Incredible. Longest running since The Simpsons.

But what commercial out there, if you, and this is a serious question, because you are a screenwriter.

I do write screens.

Even though I don't know of any movies that have actually, like...

I've sold five and zero have been made.

It's a lot like myself.

It feels like one day we'll talk about an accomplishment I've had.

Every time I come to this show, we shit on every aspect of me.

I know. But look, you have a couple of books.

You have some books out that people have read.

That's fine. Name one.

This is the book where...

No. It doesn't matter.

The last one you put out with a... You had a co-writer.

I did have a co-writer.

And it was like 95 pages.

Who is that laughing in the room?

Is your thing haunted?

Sorry, that's engineer Cody Ryan over here.

Hey Cody, what's going on?

He's loving the show.

Say one nice thing. Really quick.

10 seconds. 9, 8, 7, 6, 5, 4, 3.

You were very funny on my show.

Because I protected you in the edit.

So look, but as a screenwriter, is there a commercial out there that you go, that has potential? Because, you know, they came to me about the Transformers movies way back in the day.

Oh, did you...

No, way back in the day they were like, what would you do with the Transformers if you were to adapt it into the screen?

This is like 2002 or whatever.

You'd have to make it a comedy. It's ridiculous.

A long time ago I had a meeting about Fraggle Rock and I thought it was too big.

I thought I would... I was too scared to do it.

You were too scared of the Fraggle monsters?

They're very, very scary.

No, because there's songs in it and I loved it as a kid.

Well, what about, what's his name from The Marshall? He did the Muppets and he did a good... Yeah, he did a perfect...

He just got someone else to do the songs. Yeah, he's amazing.

What is his name? Jason Statham.

Jason Statham.

So anyway, what commercial could it be?

What commercials can you think of?

Well, right now off the top of my head, I can think of the Spicy Meatball commercial from the 40s that I looked up recently.

It was from 1942 Germany.

Where's the beef? She's on a quest to find beef.

Oh, that's good.

Oh, what about Crossfire?

You get caught up in it, Crossfire.

Do we have that song that they sent me for freedom by the way?

Drop the mic.

That's what I want to do.

With the people dancing around and they're all like, drop them.

That's a commercial.

Wayfair!

What? Oh yeah, what about um...

Is that one?

What is that?

I'm going to ask a random pastor buyer. Does anybody randomly pass by? I'm just walking by and I've never heard of that. Hello, sir. Thank you very much.

Don't mind me and now I'm gone.

Take care. The other one was um...

I do like, I do love jingles.

I love a jingle. Yeah. What about Jingle All the Way? I love Jingle All the Way.

And it's a movie. It's set in the Jingle All the Way universe, extended universe. Of course. But then it's just commercial jingles. People sing to camera for an hour and a half. See, this is a brilliant idea.

This is why your show only went 155 episodes.

110.

What a weird order that would be. 155.

110 doesn't make sense either. Yeah, that's true.

Um...

Tell us about Blaguana.

Blaguana is a film where I play, we play two crooks, we play two criminals that come from the US. Me and Sam Rockwell before he won an Academy Award. So you can tell that his acting is like, he's not trying yet. And Phoebe Fox is somehow involved. Phoebe Fox is fantastic.

She's the person that recruits us. Then we have Al Weaver. We have a bunch of great... Al Weaver?

Al Weaver's in it. He has a podcast.

I think it's called How Many Boomp Boops?

And then, um...

And we go on these heists, and so I get to do a little bit of action, I get to do a little bit of comedy. You get to slide under anything?

No. Oh God, all I want to do is to jump on a goddamn car. If this Wrong Man show goes, I will find a way to slide on a car. Right, because you have some sort of thing.

Wrong Man.

It's like talking to a disappointed grandfather.

No, I mean... Who A, doesn't get the business and B, never wanted me to be in it. Until you host the Daily Show, I'm not going to be satisfied.

There's only been two, three hosts on the Daily Show.

Did you get a text or anything from your parents when Jon Stewart stepped down as I did? No, of course I didn't. Did you think you should? Oh, of course, yeah. You should host that Daily Show. I probably texted you and was like, you should do a late night show on like, Pop real quick or something like that. Oh, on Pop? Come on.

Now you're insulting me. What do you want me to say? On NBC, CBS. No way. No way would I trust you with a real show. No way. You're on CBS doing, uh, uh, uh, uh, Sidekick.

Riding a pilot on CBS.

Well no, you did Sidekick action for Adam Pally on the Late Late Show. Yeah, we did a Late Late Show once. I'm doing Corden tonight, but this is filmed, this is filmed.

This is going to come out in 2020, you said.

Yeah, so, uh, go back- I can't believe you don't know that.

You're supposed to know every musical thing.

Keys on Van Nuys.

That's a dude, I think, whose name was Keys.

It's Alicia Keys' new album.

And she's performing on Van Nuys.

Yeah, yeah, yeah. I actually would buy that. Would you buy that album?

This album you bought physically. Dangerous by Michael Jackson. Physically.

I mean, it'll be hard for you to figure out. Instead of, uh, meaning instead of, uh, being pinged and downloaded. You bought an actual, correct, you bought an actual CD. Oh, uh, uh, C89. Just came out last week. Got it. You bought a CD?

Yes. What is that? A three CD set.

Uh, if you don't know, you're never going to know. That's not true, you can tell me right now. Oh, yeah, that's right. Um, it's a three CD set of, uh, it's, uh, based on the C86 British tape. Oh, boy.

It sounded made up to begin with. And now it's just getting more and more. Um, what is the last CD that you bought? I would love to get a glimpse inside the twisted mind of Ben Schwartz.

Uh, I don't, I think, I don't remember. It could have been a soundtrack of sorts.

It could have been. The Aladdin soundtrack. You're obsessed with, uh, I love Aladdin.

How old were you in 1993 when Aladdin came out? 12 years old.

So, and Rob was my, like, at that time, it's like, give me a break. Give me a break.

Break me off a piece of that Aladdin. That's the commercial!

By the way, that one Kit Kat's trying to find the other, it could be a Pixar movie. So, someone breaks them apart. And they're brothers. And they're brothers. Yeah. Two Kit Kat bars are, are trying to find each other. This is a good movie. It is a good movie. This is a good movie. Or two Twix. Which one's the left, which one's the right?

What is the difference between a Kit Kat and a Twix?

Can you tell me? Can anyone tell me? If you don't know, you'll never know. Is there anyone, is there some passerby? Um, I'm passing by. Who the fuck is this person?

I'm so sorry. I just am passing by. Hello, ma'am.

And, uh, uh, Twix has caramel and, uh, it's a cookie bottom.

And a Twix. Would you say nougat, ma'am, or no?

No, not nougat. That usually has a fluffier consistency. This is a caramel on top of a cookie base is a Twix. And a puffed, crispy, uh, center is the center of a Kit Kat. Also, uh, unrelated, I have this stuck in my head. 800-588-2300 Empire! And it's making it impossible to think of anything else.

I'm also passing by, and I just wanted to say that I'm sorry, I was just walking through. You're a different guy.

You're a different guy than before? I'm coming back. I went the wrong way.

You look identical. Yeah, you're okay. I'm the same guy.

I went over here, and now I'm coming back the other way, and I'll be gone forever after this, and I just wanted to say that I don't know any of these things. Okay, thank you for dropping by. And, ma'am, while you're still here, why do you have a giraffe? Why do you have a giraffe?

Oh, um, uh, the Toys R Us is selling everything. Oh, that's very cool. They're even selling the actual living giraffe? This is Jeffrey.

That's Jeffrey. Jeffrey! I thought it was Jeffrey. May I talk to Jeffrey real quick? Jeffrey, how are you?

Hello. Are you the same identical man or are you Jeffrey? You're a piece of shit. I was right to go this way the first time. No, get out of here. Why are you pretending to be a giraffe? Get out of here! Get out of here!

Jesus Christ. Anyway, Blue Iguana, August 24th, I'm assuming SVOD and movies.

We're going to go do a bunch of press in New York. So this comes out in theaters.

It comes out in theaters. You can see it in theaters. The place where hundreds and hundreds, if not thousands, if not hundreds of thousands, if not millions of buttholes have rubbed up against.

You're obsessed with buttholes. I am. I love them. Close your eyes.

Let's think of anything but buttholes. What are you thinking of? I can't! It's just right there. Okay, now I'm giving you the opportunity to think of buttholes. What's the first word you're thinking of? To give me the option to think of butthole? You're allowed to say...

Okay, of course. Of course. I just thought that maybe you'd go somewhere else with it. How's your butthole, by the way?

Because you were telling me you had problems with it off air.

Well, not problems, but I will say this.

I do love a cottonelle wet wipe. Do you use cottonelle wet wipes? I do not. Oh my God.

You're an idiot. How wet are these wipes? They're so wet.

Sopping? They're so fucking wet. Oh my God.

These wipes are so fucking filthy and wet.

What if they advertise them as sopping wet wipes? Would anyone buy them? I would because I trust the company. You do.

I trust the company. That's a commercial I would do, by the way.

One eight eyes, it's the empire!

Do you ever...

Is it true we're not going to do commercials today?

I would love that so much. We're not going to do commercials?

We promised one comedy bang bang with no commercials. Just for the people.

They don't have to listen to ads. They said for the people.

You know what? I'm sorry. We're going to have to go to a break right now. That's insane. You just... No, don't.

Sorry. Can I do the commercial right now?

Yeah, go ahead. Okay, guys.

I want to do a commercial for comedy bang bang.

I feel like your audience would dig a commercial.

Okay, do it for next week.

Okay. Do you miss Reggie Watts?

That's it.

Come on. That's a commercial to not...

That's the last comedy bang bang I listened to.

I think Reggie was on.

Which was the one he was just on?

No, he did the theme song for one of the first ones.

Come on.

These eyes are crying. You know that one?

Is that a commercial? No. These eyes are crying?

Is that for like that Jennifer Aniston thing?

What did she cry about?

Does she have dry eyes?

Is she dating someone great now?

I hope so. I think she's great.

Every tabloid says she's back with Brad.

Bradley Cooper?

Bradley Cooper, of course. Or Bradley Schnebel, my friend from Riverdale. He's a dentist.

A friend from the show Riverdale?

No, I grew up in Riverdale in the Bronx.

How weird. I know. It's very different.

I guess I never thought of you as a New Yorker.

What are you crazy? Listen to my voice.

I have locks in my pockets.

I've got locks in my pox.

Okay, seriously. I would kiss you.

Okay. Keep going?

Do a commercial for Comedy Bang Bang and then we're going to cut to a real break.

Okay? Here we go.

Hello guys.

And girls.

Are you afraid that you're going to be pigeonholed with a podcast that just talks about Kit Kat bars being one race or ethnicity?

Well, have we got a band for you.

Company Boosh Boo starring Scoop Bookerman and Reggie Boots.

And if you like comedy, you'll really love the segments. Would you rather used to be a thing? I doubt he does it anymore.

We did it three weeks ago. That means that he's getting lazy.

Ask the dude to invent something new.

Hey, make your own theme music or borrow a tagline from a fan member.

Alright, alright. Shut up.

The thing I love is the plugs.

Plug's back theme. The only reason why I listen to that GD show.

Anyway, I'd like to plug my podcast.

It's called Here We Go.

You did one of my podcasts. Remember the wind down?

Yeah, the wind down was great. It did great. I hope I get to second season.

Would you do it again? I would do it again.

I did pay you money.

You've never paid me money and I paid you money the only time you've done my podcast.

Yeah, now why else do you think I showed up for that?

At 9.30 in the morning.

That's true, I guess. It was nice of you to do.

I'd love you to fend on me that money back though.

It's not your own personal money.

Really? Yeah, it's a sponsored thing.

Alright, look. We need to go to a break speaking of sponsored things and listen to some of our sponsors.

When we come back we will have a Mesmerist and a Puzzle Master.

There's no way. Both of them at the same time?

We should have them both on at the exact same time and alternate questions between them.

What do you think? Alright, I'm fine.

When we come back we'll have Hypnado the Mesmerist and Phil Shorts the Puzzle Master along with Ben Schwartz.

We'll be right back after this.

Ready to wets. Comedy Bang Bang, we're back here with Ben Schwartz and speaking of Schwartz we have someone whose last name rhymes with Schwartz.

Oh, who do you have? Phil Shorts will be here.

Oh my goodness. Phil Shorts.

Name sounds familiar.

Sounds a little familiar. I don't know if I know the person.

We're going to interview them at exactly the same time.

Why? That's so mean to the guests.

Why? I think they'll enjoy it.

What happens if they hate each other?

One isn't just sitting around waiting to be on.

I saw the...

Was it Puzzle Master? Puzzle Master, yes.

Puzzle Master was just doing, I think, a Rubik's Cube in the back. Is that a puzzle? A Rubik's Cube.

You said it so...

It sounded so mysterious. Oh my god, it's sort of a great idea.

Rubik's Rubik's Goldberg Cube.

Rub Goldberg device, but it's a Rubik's Cube.

So at the end of like a long...

Yes, I pour a glass of water it hits a top hat that hits a rabbit.

An egg breaks. Yes, an egg breaks.

Sets off a fire alarm.

The fire alarm comes, burns the rabbit dies, they have to bring the rabbit to the veteran.

The bow and arrow and then suddenly it solves a Rubik's Cube?

Yes, and then the rabbit, the dead rabbit, solves a Rubik's Cube.

Okay, yeah, I'm into this.

Can we film it upside down?

Yeah, can you poop?

I guess we turned into like terrible radio DJs.

I think we did.

Meaning, not very good at it.

No, no, no, we're not great at it.

Let's get to our next guests.

They are, I mean, you know, in a way they have certain things in common because they're both trying to trick the audience in certain ways.

Let's welcome to the show Phil Shortz the Puzzle Master. Oh, hey.

And Hypnado the Mesmerist.

Greetings. Oh, wow.

Two totally different people.

Oh, hi, it's so good to be here. Thanks for having me.

Lovely to be here, I am also pleased.

Oh, good. Wonderful to see you both.

Thank you. Very exciting.

So we're going to try to figure out both of you guys' deals alternatingly. Oh, what an inefficient way to do it. Why wouldn't you just ask them? Ask them what their deals are? Okay, what's your deal?

Are you not allowed to talk to us directly? Must you go through an interview? Can I tell you why?

Because Hypnotus? Mesmerist.

Mesmerist. Quite different than Hypnosis my friend. But your name is Hypnado so why? Well, that's my given name.

It has nothing to do with my occupation. So why would you change it?

Hypnotus is your Hypn- Yeah, change it to Mesmero the Mesmerist. Because I love my family and I was named after my father, Hypnado Sr. Oh, good. What is his last name and your last name? My last name is Franklin and so is his. So, okay. The name has nothing to do with my occupation, my friends. Why don't you call yourself Franklin the Mesmerist? No, I am Hypnado the Mesmerist. I get why you don't ask people what their deal is. Alright, now what is your deal, Phil?

Oh, well, my name's Phil and I design word searches. Word searches?

What does that mean? What do you mean? Like in Jack and Jill magazine? Well, sure, you can see my work there. Highlights? That's right. Also just sort of downloadable PDFs for teachers. You know, seasonal things. A lot of teachers like to end, you know, the Friday before, maybe Halloween with a fun seasonal word search. So say Halloween is on a Thursday of next week. Okay, sure. The Friday before.

Yeah, or the, you know. You'll download a seasonal word search.

A week before? You know, I don't tell the teachers how or when. I just try to anticipate their needs and provide them. Sometimes I make word searches that could end a unit, you know, like a book they read.

Like, oh, we read Where the Red Fern Grows.

Here's a word search to remember key thematic elements. What are some of those words in the Where the Red Fern Grows word search?

Calico, dogs, river, intestines, death, mourning, mountain.

Wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow. That's a huge word mountain.

So that's a bigger word search. Mountain and morning, by the way, both of those things in one word search. That's a lot of M-O-U. Isn't that tricky? Aren't I a tricky man?

I respect your craft.

But I do fear word searches, and I will not participate in them.

Let's talk to you, Hypnoto, for a second.

Why do you fear word searches?

Word searches play tricks on the mind.

How so? I practice the dark arts to lull people into a state of mesmerization.

And the dark arts are quite- Memorization?

Mesmerization.

And also maybe a state of memorization to help people with their memories. Can you help me memorize so I have trouble memorizing states?

I'm already off topic of my main thing, but sure, I'll help you memorize.

It's not my specialty.

You said mesmerizing and sometimes memorizing. But I'll just as, we've all helped each other remember.

So help me with states. Help me with states.

It's not my expertise, but I'll do my best.

Do you not know the song?

What is the song? The Animaniac song? Oh no, that's for capitals.

That's for countries.

Eight hundreds, eight hundred, empire, Alabama, Alaska, Arizona, Arkansas, California, Colorado, Connecticut, Delaware, Florida, Georgia, Hawaii, Idaho, Illinois, Indiana, Iowa, Kansas, Kentucky, Louisiana, Maine, Maryland, Massachusetts, Michigan, Minnesota, Mississippi, Missouri, Montana, Nebraska, Nevada, New Hampshire, New Jersey, New Mexico, New York, North Carolina, North Dakota, Ohio, Oklahoma, Oregon, Pennsylvania, Rhode Island, South Carolina, South Dakota, Tennessee, Texas, Utah, Vermont, Virginia, Washington, West Virginia, Wisconsin, Wyoming.

You don't know that song.

No one jumped in.

What's that spell? Everyone check your own mental state. Did that spell get cast on you?

I don't believe so. Do you feel that you're not who you are?

Okay, I feel we're safe.

You know, the melody in that is beautiful.

Oh, thank you.

It's no ABC song.

If you had to do the melody without doing the words, what would that sound like?

♪ La la la la la la la la la la la la la ♪ ♪ La la la la la la la la la la la ♪ ♪ La la la la la la la la la la la ♪ ♪ La la la la la la la la la ♪ ♪ La la la la la la la la la la la la ♪ Is this the show?

This is our show?

This is the show?

I think so.

♪ La la la la la la la la la la ♪ Yeah.

I know, it's so forth.

It's kinda all over the course.

Scrubbed forward in the podcast just to that part.

It was like, I'm not downloading this one.

That's happened before.

Mesmeraldo.

Will happen again, yeah.

My name is Hypnado, young man.

Right.

But you were close.

So Hypnado, what is your deal?

I mesmerize people.

I summon the dark arts to- What does that mean?

Mesmerize means I will render you under my control.

It still sounds like hypnotist.

No, very different.

Hypnotists, the person who's being hypnotized is complicit and agrees.

Complicit?

Mesmerizing is, what?

I would think that some people are being hypnotized against their will.

Absolutely, then they are being mesmerized.

Then they're being mesmerized.

Mesmerized, yes.

You do it forcibly.

Correct.

Without consent.

That's why you need the dark arts.

Wow.

It is an evil act.

You must- I don't know.

I don't know, in this environment- I don't know about this.

I'm just not sure.

I'm much more comfortable with the hypnotist.

Complicits become, maybe I shouldn't have used the word complicit.

No, it sounds like you're taking advantage of people.

It's really tainting your whole deal.

It is an evil thing that I'm careful about.

It's kinda now all I can think about.

I don't do it cavi- look, you're all safe, okay?

All right, so if we were to say like, okay, go ahead and mesmerize us, you can't.

Then I can't, because that would be- I would be hypnotized.

You would be given permission.

I would be hypnotizing you, which I won't.

So the one way you can ward off being mesmerized is to say please, please do it.

Then I'm out of the game.

I'm not going to do it, because I only use the dark arts.

And I can help people memorize things.

Help me.

That's just as a person.

I mean, I don't have special training.

Yeah, I have some- You know, you try a mnemonic or a visual device or something like that.

Great, help me with anything.

Memorize anything.

Look, I like to use a mind palace.

What?

Well, you picture a little- Okay, this is really nothing to do with what mind is.

This is not your thing.

Nothing to do with your dear thing.

But I read an article and this does work.

It's a memory palace.

Humans are good at knowing how to get places.

Okay.

Like you can easily remember how to get to a store.

And this is not your thing?

I've just read it.

I read it in a Wikipedia article once.

This is just article, totally, yeah.

All right.

I could be way wrong on this, but like, we're good at memorizing places.

Like picture like, you know, your home, where you live.

You probably know it very well.

Yes.

So you picture like your bedroom, for example.

Sure.

And you need to memorize a list of things or Ben, perhaps dialogue from one of your many films.

Oh, thanks, Mezmaraldo.

If you're having, it's hypnoto.

A mesmerist is my occupation, but I- This is your side job.

Your side gig.

This is not even, no one has asked me to do this before.

I pay you to do this.

This is your sort of like a life consultant, you know?

Sometimes I need money and I'd help you up, but I gotta be honest.

Do you come to our place and like tighten up and like clean up and stuff?

Is that your thing?

Yeah, just like sweep up.

Is that your thing?

I'm imagining my bedroom and it's a little cluttered.

It's dirty.

Would you mind coming around?

I mean, I could do it and you know, maybe sometimes I need cash, but it's not my expertise.

I'm not a cleaner by occupation or training.

So I'm in my bedroom.

You're picturing your bedroom and you use visual mnemonics.

You pick, you like, if you had to memorize, what's a line of dialogue you might have to memorize?

Hey, look at my bed.

Okay, that's gonna really work out because- You're picturing your bedroom.

I'm not a bedroom specific.

Okay.

I'm tired, I wish I could sleep.

Nope, that's all.

I mean, you could do this, but it's going to be very easy.

Okay, how about, oh wait, is my book on my nightstand?

Okay, these lines are so convenient for what I'm trying to do.

I am outside the bedroom and I need to get back.

Is this it?

Okay, I mean, we could use this technique for these lines, but it won't demonstrate the power of the Mind Palace.

The power of the Mind Palace?

The power of the Mind Palace, of which I know very little.

This is not your thing.

You've made it very clear.

Not my thing at all.

I am a mesmerist who summons the dark arts.

Who has read one article?

One time- Do you advertise yourself as such?

As a guy who reads one article?

Sometimes it comes into play.

I mean, if I'm going to put on a mesmerizing display and people like, is he smart?

I'll slip in that I, you know, I click around Wikipedia sometimes.

Sure, sure, sure.

Click around.

Do you ever edit that bad boy?

I've edited a thing or two.

No, you have not.

I have indeed.

You know what I'm fascinated with on Wikipedia are the people who put in people's death days and they try to race to get there.

Oh, they can't wait to be the guy who did it.

I was watching live, I think I was watching some race on the TV, or I had the TV on in a race and some guy died in a race or something like that.

Like a car race or a foot race?

Like a car race.

Oh, good.

It would be very weird if he died in a foot race.

If somebody just exploded during a foot race.

It was a foot race that went through a car race and that's why I died.

That's bad planning.

That's right.

But the minute it happened, I was like, oh, I wonder if it's on Wikipedia yet.

Right away.

I was like right there and already was on there.

Scott, if I may.

Who are these ghouls is what I'm trying to say.

I think that perhaps demonstrates a little detachment on your part that that was also your first thought.

Well, it was a person that I do not care about racing.

I do not care about people.

Oh, sure.

Okay, so yeah.

Good defense.

You know, you're not a ghoul.

You're not a ghoul.

You didn't update the date you merely had it.

Well, I didn't do it.

Would you have?

I just wondered if someone already had.

Would you have updated the date?

No, I've never updated anything on Wikipedia.

Is that because you didn't know what the day was?

Do you not have a well calendar?

May I ask questions in this format?

I'm confused.

Or am I only allowed to give information?

You may ask questions.

Well, what's your deal?

Tell us what's your deal.

I've told you my deal so early.

Phil.

Phil, question for you.

Oh, yeah, sure.

The word searches you construct.

That's right.

Are they often or ever evil?

Oh, that's interesting.

Oh, well, personally, I would say of course not.

Although I do think they can be tricky.

You know, I do vertical, I do horizontal, I do diagonal, but I also do backwards diagonal, horizontal, backwards, vertical.

Like do you do like from 7 o'clock to 1 o'clock?

Absolutely.

You know, common misconception about the word search is that, oh, and this is something that children deal with when they're looking at a page is, oh, no, that big word, I'm intimidated.

But actually, it's more likely to stand out in the jumble.

Big words are so much easier.

Wow.

Because you're connecting more letters.

What's tricky are the small.

Like of.

Oh, that would be a killer.

Because you're looking for an O and an F right next to each other in that like nine letter grid.

Have you ever accidentally created an incantation?

Isn't it?

A nine letter grid?

I'm going 15 by 15.

No, I'm just saying in a two letter word.

That is a common strategy.

You would never do a two letter word, though.

That's illegal in those, right?

No, not two.

I've never ventured to two.

But I.

You've never tried to two.

No, no.

That's too dark.

Might I suggest you try to break the two letter barrier?

What are you doing, Mesmeroldos?

It's hypnoto.

Give him consent.

Oh, I want this.

Shoot.

All right, you're safe for now.

So you're never going to be able to do your powers.

I do it a lot, OK?

I'll have you know that I'm great at it.

Have you done it already?

Here?

Yes.

No, because you all agreed to do it so early.

Do it to me.

I can't now.

Just by you saying that, I can't do it.

I could hypnotize you, but I have no interest.

Excuse me, I was just passing by because my giraffe.

You're a different person than Phil?

Who's Phil?

I'm just passing by.

Oh, yes.

And I know nothing of what's happening.

I was just wondering if anyone had a snack for my giraffe.

Do you want to be hypnotized?

No, prepare to be mesmerized.

I'm going to be mesmerized.

You told her.

It's too much.

No, no.

It's too much as consent.

I'm going to do it.

I would love to be hypnotized.

Oh, shoot.

Ben.

Ben, you blew it.

I'll do it right now.

No, I can't.

But you say that.

I can't do it.

Do you understand?

I'm going to think about something else.

At a certain point, we're going to rescind our consent.

Yeah, well, certainly.

Yeah.

What would this be happening?

And we're going to say go ahead and do it.

No, no, no, but that will give it right back.

OK, I'm raising my hand.

I'm not saying anything.

That is so explicit.

Isn't this like a vampire when we say you can come in?

It's a blanket.

It's the opposite of a vampire.

Be like a vampire who could only come in when you said no way.

OK, so no way.

Uh-huh.

Oh, I love this.

Yes, OK.

Now I shall mesmerize you.

OK.

Using the dark.

No, no, no.

What are you saying?

Don't.

Ah, forget it.

I'm sorry.

Forget it.

You ruined it for you.

You ruined it.

You're just walking me through the stairs.

I just.

You just got to do it.

You got to do it, man.

I'm sorry, bystander.

Look, the dark arts must only be practiced carefully, Ben.

I'm also not cavalier about it.

How did you get involved in the dark arts?

Well, yeah.

Are your parents involved with it?

No, no, no.

My dad's a garage mechanic and my mom teaches.

Gibnado Sr. is a garage mechanic?

Gibnado Sr. is a garage mechanic.

Gibnado Franklin is a garage mechanic and a darn good one.

He's fair.

What's the difference between a mechanic and a garage mechanic?

He only works in a garage.

I've inherited his sense of OCD.

We both have very strict and arbitrary honor codes.

Yes, that makes sense.

And he will only practice doing mechanics in a garage.

Oh, that's a shame.

Sometimes it's great when they come to your house.

I suppose, but that's not for my dad.

Have you guys ever used a safe flight repair, safe flight replace?

What's that?

No.

Empire.

Oh, no, that's just Empire.

What is that melody if you had to do it without lyrics?

Na na na na, na na na na.

Oh.

Na na.

Yeah, that makes sense.

Great.

Phil, what does your dad do?

Well, my dad is, well, he's an Eagle Scout.

He likes to open with that.

Still?

Well, he wants an Eagle Scout.

Oh, he's an Eagle Scout.

Does he get paid for that, though?

No, no, no.

That's just how he likes to be introduced.

No, no, no.

Eagle Scout, what's his name?

His name is Bill Shorts.

Bill Shorts.

Yeah.

OK.

By the way, are you related to the, who's that person?

Will Shorts.

I love Will Shorts.

He's amazing.

Yeah, Will Shorts is my older brother.

I guess technically a junior.

He's huge.

I mean, he's incredibly famous.

Well, you know, here's the thing.

You asked me about the dark arts.

Yes.

Is there nothing darker than a crossword puzzle?

You're sweating a ton right now.

Well, it's just, you know, it's hard when.

I crossword puzzles them here at Delight.

I do them every morning.

Will Shorts is one of my heroes.

I love Will Shorts, because when I do them, I feel challenged.

Have you seen the word, Spellbound documentary?

Oh, I love it.

Oh, yeah.

Am I thinking of the right one?

Is that the right one?

No, Spellbound, I believe, is about.

It's a spelling bee, right?

Wordplay maybe is a, the one where Shorts is in it.

He is a ray of sunshine.

Will Shorts is, you would say, a champion.

He's like a veteran.

Yeah, you know.

He's a Captain America.

And when you get to be named after your dad, and you get your own bedroom, but you have to share with your grandmother, which is a, that's a weird bedroom situation.

You shared your bedroom with your grandma?

I shared my bedroom with my grandmother.

That's a weird, that's hard.

So when you're in your mind palace of your bedroom.

I'm like, OK.

Your grandmother is there.

Would that help?

Well, it depends.

Yes, it would always help.

Give me a line of dialogue that you might have to remember in a bedroom with slippers.

Where are my slippers?

Excuse me, grandma.

Listen, I tell you.

Wait a second.

My palace works for lines.

Nothing to do with the location.

OK, I got it.

I got it.

I can't tell the difference between this quilt and my grandma's muumuu.

That's so on the nose.

Really?

It's, yes.

And the mind palace theory from my one time reading of the article will work.

I'm in the bathroom.

OK.

I'm in the bathroom.

I need to use the toilet.

Oh, OK.

Oh, the door's open.

I can see the bedroom.

It's right there.

OK, right at the end.

It's going to dovetail too much, I think, with the location.

Go, Phil.

Oh, you know what?

I'm just making a panini on my panini press in my kitchen.

Wait, I live in a studio.

There's my bed.

Oh.

I mean, look, we could do it.

But I'm telling you, I don't think it'll be a good demonstration of the power.

And again, I don't even know.

Why don't you think of the sentence?

What's the sentence?

OK, good.

So let's say that you're in a movie and you have to say, stick him up, bad guy.

I've come for you.

Where am I saying this?

What room am I in?

You're in a bank.

Stick him up, bad guy.

What part of the bank?

The sleeping quarters?

No, no.

No, there's no sleeping quarters in a bank.

The cat is the manager of the bank.

He doesn't have an apartment.

He finds it a lot more.

It's like union rules.

You have to have a cot.

Yeah.

What union would insist on sleeping quarters in a bank?

The cot union.

Of course.

The cot union.

The cot lobbyists.

Look, I know how to mesmerize.

Cott blockers.

You're way beyond.

You're way out of my field of expertise.

Well, go ahead and mesmerize us.

No, I can't.

What you saying?

This is insane.

I hypnotize you.

We need to take a break.

We're going to sort this all out.

There are no commercials.

No, we have to take one.

1-800.

Is this good?

Did you talk about the podcast?

The show?

What we're doing?

I think it is.

Look, when we come back, we're going to sort out all of your things.

We're going to talk about your brother, because I want to hear a lot more about him.

We don't need to.

I still would.

Could you get him on the phone?

Because I'd love to talk about him.

Could you get him on the show?

Oh my god, that'd be incredible.

Would you say that you're the checkers to his chest?

I will mesmerize you.

I would.

And isn't it great how people can play checkers on a whim?

They don't have to be.

Children play checkers.

Children can play with people of any age.

Was Chubby Checkers on the chess label?

Oh, name one Chubby Checkers song.

The Twist?

Chubby Checker and the Fat Boys.

Doing the Twist.

Chubby Checker and the Fat Boys.

Keys, keys, keys, keys, keys, keys, keys, keys, keys, on my eyes.

All right, let's go to a break.

We'll be right back.

Comedy bang bang.

We're back here with Bill Shorts.

Phil Shorts.

Bill Shorts is my father.

He's an Eagle Scout.

He's your father.

The Eagle Scout is us.

And who's Will Shorts?

Will Shorts is my older brother, who does a different kind of puzzle.

Different?

What kind of puzzle does he do?

He does a crossword?

Crossword.

Crossword, sure.

The most venerated and revered puzzle in the history of human beings.

We love them.

We also have Hypnado, the Mesmerist, who we want you to do it because Mesmerization is only against Bill.

You are a bad talk show guest.

I don't think so.

I think I figured it out.

I'm going to look the other way.

And I'm just going to hang out.

OK.

I'm looking the other way.

Unfortunately, I do need eye contact for the mesmerizing door.

I'm sorry.

I forgot about this.

No, no, no.

You have to just, I mean, it's so easy.

OK, go.

You look at me now.

I'm ready.

Ben Schwartz, against your will, I'm going to met.

I don't know if he said go, I'm ready.

What did he say?

He said go, I'm ready.

Forget it.

I'm out of this.

No.

Is it consent if you don't hear it?

What is your position, your official position on consent?

The barest bit of consent equals consent.

Like what about a look in someone's eye?

Is that consent?

Yeah, they're asking for it.

That's terrible.

I don't know about this.

They're asking to be mesmerized, which means you can't do it, because then it's by definition not mesmerizing.

Phil, so your brother does the New York Times, right?

Yeah, that's right.

What's your most famous publication or newspaper or anything like that?

Oh, well.

Periodical, if you will.

Sure.

Well, I got a great gig that I'm really proud of.

Oh, good for you.

I published, and I was self-publishing these for years and selling them online.

Eventually I had an Etsy store, and then I got picked up by a small book company.

At which point here do we hear about a periodical that you're in?

OK, it's not a periodical.

It's a long walk.

You know, I've been in a- You are so impatient, Chip Nutter.

I feel like I got shut down.

I mean, I got introduced as a mesmerist, and then Schwartz is mesmerizing a snake in the intro.

He really like took, he really stole my thunder.

That's all right.

Anyway, sorry.

I didn't mesmerize anything.

I know.

Have you listened to this show before?

No, no, no.

I've never had.

Try to get to the subject of your show.

So you have a book.

I have a one a day calendar I'm very proud of.

And you self-publish?

No, I self-published them originally, and now they're being made for me by a- Do you publish these every day?

You give someone a new calendar?

So I made this product for 2018.

I made it, you know, I had this deal in early 2017 because a book company saw that I was making them online.

And every day is a new topic.

So 300s- You're talking really fast, like you're trying to get the information out.

Well, I think there has been, he made a good point about maybe there being an aggressive environment here where I don't get it out as soon as possible.

365 days of different topics.

So you know, and- Different topics.

That's right.

So this is a word search though?

That's right.

So I make a suggestion and it's not my field of expertise.

Have you ever read one article about this subject?

Yeah, you read one Wikipedia about word searches?

I've done a word search once and I've read a lot of Wikipedia articles about- Did you not go to elementary school?

I felt like I was doing them left and right.

I loved them.

That's when people do them when they're little kids that don't know anything.

OK.

Or to remember vocab words or, you know, later to learn fun facts when they do a daily word search calendar.

I used to do them on road trips with my family because we were boring.

Isn't that great to bond?

Not really.

Hypnoto senior was boring?

Really?

Well, I thought he had a strict honor code and your mother taught math.

And a piece of OCD.

Everything seems pretty good.

It was a warm family, but I'd say it was austere and non-interactive.

I think those are antonyms.

Warm and austere are straight up antonyms.

I've done an antonym word search.

It's a great way to teach kids about antonyms.

You're an expert in it and I accept your proclamation.

Can I say, and I'm interested, if there is, because you say you do all different themes.

That's right.

Thank you for specifying that for this question.

You're interested.

Which implies for the others, you weren't.

Well, hypnotize me.

Mesmerize me.

Here we go.

What did you say?

Never mind.

I can't.

So this is my question to you.

You do different themes.

Have you ever done a theme on family?

Oh, sure.

And has Will done that one?

Because that would be super interested.

Who's Will?

Will Shortz is his brother.

Oh, right.

Yes.

Right.

I'm sorry.

Did Will Shortz do that word search or no?

Well, you know, I sent him my one a day calendar.

He was right.

He thought he was wrong, but he was right.

I don't think he's done it when I was at his home for a 4th of July, I noticed that it was still only on January 18th, which means he only tried it for 18 days.

That's a lot.

Is he snooty about the search?

Well, you know, I'm not here to, yeah.

He is.

He looks down on you and your profession?

I have felt that way throughout my life that he sees it as less than.

Has he done a word a day calendar as well?

No.

He's never done a?

He's never come up with 365 different themes for word searches, Scott.

Oh, wow.

Jesus, you're into it.

You're a little bit upset.

I guess I'm in a crossword puzzle a day.

Well, I have the crossword puzzle app, and he has packs of puzzles.

Sure, but some of those are archived.

You know, he's not giving you a year of meaning.

Yeah, he is.

I think he is, right?

Yeah, it's every day.

Every single day.

For years.

Does he employ writers?

I think he does it all himself.

I saw the doc.

He does it all himself.

He's a genius.

100% himself.

Yeah, he's a polymath.

Yeah.

Well, sure.

Now, guys, maybe if you don't have to grow up living with your grandma, you might have more room to not have so many anxieties or worries because your grandma snores, and you live every night thinking she's rattling towards death.

Wait a second, was your grandma's name Martha?

Yeah.

She did the jumble, right?

Oh, yes.

She was incredible.

Love the jumble.

Martha, I mean, unbelievable.

Martha Shorts did do jumbles, but got, you know.

I love the jumble.

Love the jumble.

What a family, and then there's you.

You know, I think of 360.

You're crying.

Word searches are, I mean, when you think about it compared to a jumble or a crossword.

Oh, my goodness.

I love a jumble.

A J or a, oh, my goodness.

Word searches are pretty rudimentary, aren't they?

I mean, I don't even think you could fit rudimentary in a word search.

Of course you could.

Wow, what a dare.

You could fit rudimentary in a word search.

Do it right now.

Go.

Well, yeah.

It just requires that the grid is big enough to fit those amount of letters.

How many letters?

How big by big?

You do it in the back, fill through the middle.

Sing it as you can.

OK, so R-U-D.

I-M-E-N-T-A-R-Y.

Let's do it one more time.

I lost track myself.

R-U-D.

I-M-E-N-T-A-R-Y.

Like 12.

It's 11.

11.

OK.

Oh, I wouldn't do, I would do a 12 by 12, and there'd be an extra letter.

There'd be an extra one.

And probably, actually, I'd put it on a diagonal.

Put it on a diagonal.

Yeah.

Probably a backwards diagonal.

And I would probably put a similar word in the list so that when you found R-U-D, you'd get excited, but know you'd be wrong.

So something like rude.

Rude.

Yeah, just rude.

If the theme was comedy bang bang, what would the top three words be?

OK, probably plugs, bing bong, and butthole.

Interrupting.

Butthole.

Those are the top three searches.

Those are the top three.

That would be the third word.

I have a suggestion for you, Phil.

If you could construct a spell.

I'm ready.

Thank you.

No.

Thank you.

I'm not.

I'm OK.

I'm OK with.

Are you suggesting this as a guy or as a mentalist?

I'm suggesting it as a person.

OK.

The consent doesn't stop me from talking.

I'm OK with just having conversations with people, but I'll OK.

That's not what you're here to do on the show, though.

I'm ready.

All right, Scott.

I'm going to miswrite you right now.

Don't say I'm ready.

Please do.

Never mind.

I blew it.

You blew it when you said you were ready.

All right, so suggest something.

Put an evil spell in a word search and give it to Will and ruined him.

Now, why would?

Take revenge for his smug condescension towards your life style.

Now, that's not.

Do you know what?

Lifestyle?

Do you know what made me fall in love with the word search?

No, I don't.

I like looking at a seemingly unrelated jumble of letters and finding meaning.

Oh, wow.

Rather than having someone provide vague cryptic clues for me to find their meaning.

And that's what I think is the difference between my brother and I, but that doesn't mean I need to tear him down for me to succeed.

I've made children happy.

I've put a word search in the belly of a turkey that they can color in, and they get to search for pilgrim.

I'm mesmerizing you now.

Oh my god.

Whoa, whoa, whoa.

I got it.

Oh my god.

Yes, you got him.

And I will destroy my brother.

Yes.

And no more Will Shortz's puzzles, will grace the gray lady ever again.

I command you to do this.

This is fun.

I like this.

No, no, no, no, no.

It's over.

Oh, man.

You lost him.

By the way, you got her for a little bit.

You hurt her.

Wow.

Yeah, whatever.

That felt, can I say, that felt like when your foot is asleep, but for my brain.

Oh, wow.

Yes, that's right.

That's what it does.

Isn't it true, Phil?

It's like I know my foot is still there, but if I needed to, I could stand on it.

But boy, does it feel disconnected.

That's amazing.

I know somebody who broke their foot by standing on it when he was asleep.

No way.

Tell us who it is.

Showbiz.

Isn't it true, Phil, that when you're dyslexic, every book is a word search?

That's funny.

It's just a funny joke.

He just threw a joke at you.

It was very funny.

And you know what?

That was funny.

It was funny.

I concur.

I thought that was good.

I think that's under 140.

Oh, no, we got 280 now.

I can do that.

For a very shit, it's great.

Get it out there, but please wait till this app drops.

OK, no problem.

I don't want to be mesmerized.

I do not want to be mesmerized.

You are now mesmerized.

I have mesmerized you, Ben Schwartz.

You are under my control.

Oh my god, look at him.

He's slack-jawed and drooling.

Now, Ben, I command you to have a sip of tea.

Good.

He's doing it.

I command you to look whimsically about with an expression that could be interpreted as self-satisfaction or pure childlike joy.

I don't get why.

I don't like.

I'm doing this.

I know I'm doing this.

Yes.

You're just mesmerizing him to do what he always does.

That's part of the code of honor of a mesmerist.

To not use the dark arts in a cavalier fashion, now I command you to sit comfortably and have a pleasant narrative of your own life.

I like getting this done to me.

Well, it's over.

Forget it.

It's over now.

Can I be honest?

I just did what I normally do.

What you normally do.

Do you feel more relaxed, though?

As a true massage?

Kind of.

Like a brain massage.

As a true mesmerist, I don't like to force people to do things that are unpleasant for them.

That's crazy, because you made me plot an evil plan against my brother that I vehemently said I was against.

But I think that's something that you actually wanted.

Yeah, I said no.

That's what you wanted.

Phil?

But it would make me uncomfortable, because I hate conflict.

Oh, you hate conflict.

Is that something to do with your grandmother?

Yeah.

She was a tough woman.

It takes a tough lady to come up with the jumble.

And she was hard as nails.

How did she RIP?

She choked on a Boggle Cube.

Are you serious?

I know.

Trying to get ideas?

Yeah, it's not even funny.

That's cheating.

I know.

Well, she was running out of ideas.

And I said.

Cheating death or cheating Boggle?

To chew a cube?

Every day we cheat death.

I'll make this game simpler.

One less cube and I'll have my way with this puzzle.

I think he's implying that he was using the Boggle board for jumble ideas.

Got it.

Oh.

And she didn't end up cheating death.

She ended up acquiescing.

That's right.

That's true.

She ended up becoming in its warm embrace.

You ever fit acquiesce into a word search?

Spell it.

A-C-Q-U-I-E-S-C-E.

Scott, you could be in that documentary Spell Belt.

I'm out early.

Mesmeraldo goes by.

I got to AC and I was like, no way.

That made me nervous as well.

That word was a hedge maze of pronunciation.

If I had to sing that alone, I would have vossed.

It would have been dicey.

That's a tough word.

But let's say you had to remember it in a line of dialogue.

Let's say you're a fan in one of your films.

You had to say, I will acquiesce.

Great.

I will acquiesce.

And for some reason, you couldn't remember those three words.

Great.

I will acquiesce to this bed and fall asleep.

OK.

What?

I will acquiesce to this bed and fall asleep.

No, no.

You can't acquiesce to a bed.

What a strange piece of dialogue.

I mean, that's a good.

I didn't write it.

OK, I will acquiesce.

Tell me what to do.

Yes.

Now let's say you're going to use the mind palace.

And you'll use your bedroom or a location you know well like your bedroom.

So you could put the word I, you think of an image of an I, and you place that near the foot of your bed.

And then will, you think of, I don't know, like Good Will Hunting, like Matt Damon or something.

The word will, like Will.

This is so much worse.

Or like Will Shortz.

Yeah, Will Shortz.

Will Shortz.

Yeah, you can think of my brother Will Shortz.

Think of a great crossword puzzle.

That'll be easy.

I already know Will off the bat.

Now I know that one.

Yeah, and then for acquiesce, you'd picture somebody like perhaps bowing in submission, you know, some sort of active acquiescence.

You've made it so hard.

This is easier.

This works easier.

Now you just picture your bedroom and you remember the I and Will Shortz and somebody bowing.

So Will Shortz is bowing, winking his eye.

OK, yeah, you can combine them all into one like that.

It's got to be in the bedroom.

Now I think the line is I'm a short winker.

No, no, no.

I'm a short winker is not what you're trying to mesmerize.

I have a short winker.

Was that the line?

I'm the short.

I have a short winker.

I think that's what it was.

The line was I will acquiesce.

I have a short winker.

I see Will and he's got a short winker, so we know right off the bat what it is.

I don't know why.

You make it for some reason.

You want to know what you're making.

And he has a really short winker.

Why is he on my goddamn bed?

It's not necessary.

Does Will have a short winker?

He does.

Whoops.

Phil, that was evil of you.

Oh, but now I didn't.

So you also have to not know what's happening?

Well, I think sometimes asking is a form of permission.

Oh, what are you doing, Scott?

I need to kiss you.

No, I'm not doing anything.

I'm not doing anything.

I am not even looking at you.

Just back up.

I'm not mesmerizing.

Enough with this, Ben.

Constantly.

God.

It's cute.

What kind of mesmerist are you?

What I do, Scott.

What you do is you make people do what they're already doing, but only against their will, but they want to be doing it.

Against their will shorts.

Nice.

I get.

Reviews are in.

I give that joke a nice.

I'll take it.

Nice is positive.

It's 3 and 1-2 stars out of 5.

Do you do this for money?

Yes.

I stand in front of a room full of people.

A room full of two or three hundred people.

But they're giving you money.

That means they know what you're about to do, and you can't do it.

I don't mesmerize anybody in the audience.

I see.

So you have an unwitting participant.

I open the fire door, wait for people to walk by, and mesmerize them the moment they glance in.

Sometimes we have people walking by here.

Well, if that happens, then I'll mesmerize somebody.

Here I come.

I'm walking by.

You are now mesmerized.

I love it.

Forget it.

Like that.

That's the show.

Especially in the summer.

Hey, excuse me.

My husband was in here.

Ma'am, you are mesmerized.

I'm what?

You're mesmerized.

I just mesmerized you.

All right, now what?

Hang out.

OK.

Look for your husband.

OK, I will.

Take care.

Bye bye.

I didn't get a chance to break the spell.

She left already mesmerized.

What happened?

She shall be mesmerized for the rest of her days.

Oh my god, I killed Will Shorts.

What?

I don't know what happened.

I just came back and I killed Will Shorts.

The woman who used to be your husband?

Yes, you mesmerized me, I think.

That is built into most mesmerization spells is to murder Will Shorts.

So you killed the crossword puzzleist.

He was outside.

He said that his brother was doing something and he was really proud of him, and he never was able to tell him how he felt.

He got on and on in that short period of time.

Yes.

Well, no, he didn't get it out.

It was in a crossword.

Did he do the one a day calendar?

Yes.

He completed it all the way through August?

He said he had to stop on January 18 because he wanted to make photocopies of all the other ones while they were blank.

Oh.

Man, although you have committed murder, you have also committed a great act of kindness today.

Really?

And for that, I free you from your mesmerization spell.

Oh, hey, guys.

Where's my husband?

You're a murderer.

Huh?

You're a murderer.

Yeah, right.

I've never murdered anything except for a sandwich.

Anyway, where's my brother?

Husband?

You want a sandwich?

Love a sandwich.

Get some teriyaki chicken on there.

Teriyaki chicken sandwich.

Blue cheese.

Oh my god.

Blue cheese.

At the same time?

That's a terrible sandwich.

By the way, I do eat that.

No, I love that.

Teriyaki chicken, blue cheese.

Oh my goodness.

What about carrots?

What the fuck are you talking about?

I guess if you break it down, that'd be like getting a teriyaki chicken glazed on wings if you aren't into spicy.

Thank you.

I guess when you really think about it, a sandwich is just anything you would.

There's a dead man here.

You killed him.

He's my brother.

Yeah, right.

Anyway, I got to head out.

You guys want to play Octopath Traveler on the Nintendo Switch?

All right, get out of here.

Bye guys.

Hey, honey.

So your brother.

She found her husband.

That was nice.

Right at the end there.

I like that storyline wrapped itself up within proximity of the microphone.

It's me, Ben.

As a screenwriter, I really like that that happened.

Thank you for introducing yourself before you go to my mic.

So we have to get back to your brother.

Your brother.

I can't believe my brother is dead.

I can't believe it's not butter.

Spread.

Oh, nice.

That gets a nice for me.

I can't believe I can fly.

I'm just trying to think of a third.

So but your brother.

He's dead.

Oh, my God.

Is that Will Shortz?

That woman killed.

And it's your fault.

What?

You mesmerized her, and she killed my brother.

Yes.

Who even though I had complicated feelings, I obviously didn't want him dead.

You monster.

No, no, no.

I refuse to feel guilty about this, Phil.

This is good for you.

You needed to be free.

It's not good for me that he's dead.

It's not good for the world that he's dead.

Wait a second, Phil.

There's nobody to do the crosswords.

Have you ever done crosswords?

Have you ever tried?

I don't know.

If I showed you one, do you guys promise not to laugh at me?

Yeah, sure.

Of course.

And you're totally fine.

Other than just a word search with letters blocked out.

You seemed way better than you were one second ago.

Yeah, I know.

Well, no, I'm not.

I mean, grief is a complicated roller coaster.

You're in denial at this point, yeah.

What are the stages?

Can you sing them?

Denial, anger, bargaining.

Acceptance.

Depression.

Hi, I don't think I'm going to get to acceptance today.

You may.

Things move quickly on the show.

I mean, you're almost there.

Life happens.

I'm fine.

Oh, wow, it happened.

Wow.

Here you guys go.

Let me see this crossword.

Here it is.

OK.

Let's see, Cassius Clay.

That's Ali.

That's easy.

A-L-I.

Yeah, what else do we have here?

Let's see, YouTube producer.

That's Eno, obviously.

Right, yeah.

So it's all three letter words.

OK.

The trickiest of words.

The trickiest three letter word.

OK.

Pitcher stat, E-R-A. OK.

That's pretty good.

OK.

Acting teacher, Hagen.

That's U-T-A, obviously.

Yeah, that's good.

Great.

AFL blank, a union.

That's C-I-O, all right.

That's pretty good.

El football, period, period, period.

I guess that's NFL.

All right.

I am enjoying this.

Slang for policeman, cop.

All right.

That's pretty good.

A hot blank.

OK, I'm going to guess dog.

OK.

OK, Hardy, but not the boys.

I'm going to assume that's Tom.

T-O-M.

Tom.

Yes.

Hardy, but not the boys.

Not Hardy boys.

That's good.

Yeah, but what an interesting clue.

Now, none of these words link with the other.

They're just separate lines.

It's basically like a word search.

There's nothing down.

There's nothing literature for the words.

Well, yeah, I thought I could reinvent the form.

It's just a word search.

But wait a minute.

These all spell, these are all in sentence.

If you put them all together, they're a sentence.

What does this spell?

Oh my god.

It spells E-R-A-N-F-O.

E-R-E-N-O.

Tom.

This sentence doesn't make sense.

We set ourselves up for quite a memory trick.

But it does.

If you'd been using the memory palace, you could have remembered all those acronyms.

Let's try to get these in the memory palace.

So picture your bedroom.

So I'm thinking of a guy with his dick out on the bed.

No, no, that's not necessary.

That's a different.

That's going to make it difficult.

OK, Matt Damon is there from Good Will Hunter.

No, you don't need to use him.

Muhammad Ali was the first one.

So you just picture Muhammad Ali as the first person.

Muhammad Ali is in my bedroom.

Then Brian Eno is the next one.

So you picture Brian Eno.

OK, Ali Eno.

So Muhammad Ali is sitting on your bed bench.

Then Brian Eno is over by the night table.

Brian Eno walks in and is like, what are you doing here?

And now why is Judge Eno here?

What is Judge Eno?

Hey, I'll play Judge Eno.

I'll play Judge Eno.

There's no need to have a seat.

What's going on?

How are you?

I am the greatest.

Oh, Muhammad Ali, Cassius Clay.

Anyway, I got to get back to being a big old judge.

I changed my name to Ali.

Oh, good to see you.

And then Uda Hagen, the acting teacher, is also there.

Oh, pretty flat for a white guy.

I guess I can understand that.

OK.

A cop comes in.

There's a labor union and a football league.

Sally Field.

And a pitcher stat.

So yeah, a baseball pitcher.

You might want a picture of Cy Young, you know, or Christy Mathewson.

Oh, wow.

I don't know any of these people.

This is getting very crowded.

This is like the Sargent Pepper.

No, no, it's a big room.

It's super Smash Brothers bedrooms.

See, a picture of Muhammad Ali and Brian Eno and Uda Hagen and Brian.

A cop.

Captain EO is there?

Captain EO.

I love Captain EO.

I love him.

OK, let me play Captain EO.

What's up, guys?

It's me, Captain EO.

Hi, Captain EO.

Who are you?

I am the greatest.

You are the greatest.

I love this.

This is cool.

OK, so we got it.

Yes, you're using the Mind Palace from my one time reading it correctly.

OK.

And now we go to bed.

Yes, now we go to sleep in the Mind Palace.

Here we are.

Shh.

900.

Shh.

He's a man now.

Shh.

Denial anger acceptance.

Ooh, Phil.

It's me in your dream, Will Short.

Will.

What happened?

I died.

A woman killed you, but she said beautiful things.

I wanted to tell you something.

What is it?

What is it, Will?

I knew you were recording comedy bang bang.

Your word searches.

Yes?

They're so stupid.

What?

They're so stupid.

What?

That's not what the lady said.

I came to throw them in your face and tell you you're less than.

Ew.

You're a little idiot.

Ew.

Wake up.

Phil, wake up.

Wake up.

He was sweating.

I had a terrible dream.

My brother hunted me, and he said that what I did was stupid.

And then even though he was a ghost, the word searches, they were there.

They were tangible.

And I got cut 1,000 times by their corners.

You know what?

This isn't the first time that we've fallen asleep on this show.

I think this might be the work of Morpheus, the dream lord.

Sorry, it is I, Morpheus.

Oh my god.

Morpheus.

Pretty similar voice now that I think about it, too hypnotic.

That's all right.

Not all of us can do voices.

Morpheus, were you on a solo solo in just the Ben part?

If not, I haven't heard of you.

I was not on a solo solo solo.

Now, Morpheus has been on the show.

Has this been all of your?

I'm a dream lord, and if you're speaking to me, that means you're asleep.

Have we been asleep this whole show?

This episode has never existed.

So Phil, your brother isn't dead.

This is just a nightmare.

Is Blue Guadaril coming out on August 24?

No, of course not.

I still can't get movies?

You wouldn't be in a movie with Sam Rockwell above the title.

This is ridiculous.

What are you doing, Morpheus?

Just I was lonely and wanted to hang out.

Sorry.

Also, a lot of people are dreaming of movies.

And since I can't watch the real movie, I only see it in people.

What's really going on in certain films?

OK, what do you want to know about?

Tom Cruise is there, and he's scaling a cliff.

This is the new Mission Impossible.

It's so good if you haven't seen it yet, Morpheus.

What are people dreaming about this film?

Well, it's Tom Cruise scaling a cliff, and he gets to the top, and immediately is taking a high school SAT naked.

So is that what happens in the movie?

That's what people are dreaming about happening.

But he does it on stunts.

Tom Cruise took the ACT.

Oh, probably.

He's a smart dude.

Oh, that's a great crossword clue.

ACT.

Oh, yeah.

Well, that's really my only question.

OK, can you wake us up?

Yes.

Because we've got to get back to plugs.

OK, say goodbye to the dreaming, everyone.

You're leaving the dream world.

Goodbye.

Bye.

Get off of me, Scott.

What's wrong with you?

Sorry.

God, I'm sweating.

I'm sweating, too.

Hi, guys.

Welcome to the show.

I probably haven't introduced you on this show yet.

Oh, no.

We've been sitting here for ages.

Yeah, this is a sleep.

This is Puzzle Master Phil Shortz.

And we have Hypnado the Mesmerist.

I'm not sure if I'm actually here in this continuity.

Let's say I am.

I think you are.

OK, great.

I'm ready to demonstrate stuff.

Oh, cool.

And then I believe we fell asleep in the middle of your interview.

Yeah, so it's Blue Iguana.

It comes out August 24.

August 24.

It's me and Sam Rockwell and Phoebe.

All right, we're not to plugs yet.

OK, well, I hope you'll watch it.

We do have to get there.

Apparently, I'm looking at my clock here.

We have run out of time.

So I'm so sorry.

We didn't even do anything.

I can't ask you what your deal is.

Oh, what is your deal?

Trust me that it makes sense.

Wait, can I ask you a question?

Is your brother Will Shortz?

Oh, yeah.

What's your deal?

Complicated?

I'll have to worry about it.

My deal, I'm really good at mind palaces.

What?

We don't have time to talk.

Yeah, we don't have time to talk about that.

Wait a second, what?

We have to get to plugs.

This is our last feature.

It's a little something called plugs.

If you tell me what you're plugging, then maybe I'll be coming to your show or I'll watch your thing.

Short and sweet.

Thank you, that was plug.

Plug a dub dub.

Oh, yeah.

Schwartz and Schwartz.

Not working your side of the street.

We could do a two person show, Schwartz and Schwartz.

Schwartz and Schwartz.

I love it.

I hope you will.

This is our knees that long.

That was plug a dub dub by Hopefully Spoilers.

Thank you to Hopefully Spoilers for your plugs.

How much do you pay those guys?

How much of those musicians?

You're obsessed with money.

Like a real Shylock.

Whoa, that's an anti-Semitic term.

What?

It is.

For Shakespearean, the immortal bard.

Yeah, see what he looks like.

Nothing new under the sun.

It is anti-Semitic word.

You were just anti-Semitic to me on your podcast.

Shall I compare thee to a summer's day?

You would say that's anti-Semitic?

That's fine.

Because it's Shakespeare?

No, that's fine.

You're a piece of work, Schwartz.

All right, what do you got to plug here?

Blue Iguana and Judaism, just now that it's been trashed upon.

Blue Iguana.

What are the main tenets of Judaism?

August 24th.

An actor prepares the next week.

Watch it all, guys.

DuckTales, Turtles, Scott Aukerman.

You're living the dream.

Scott Aukerman's play Goes Wrong is on Broadway.

Is that yours?

Sure.

Sure, Dear Evan Hansen, check that out.

Hamilton's pretty cool.

What else did I do this week?

This week.

You're just plugging things you did this week?

Yeah.

Oh, I crawled through an air vent.

Good plug.

Like Die Hard style?

You're plugging a useless feat that you accomplished with only you as a witness.

Rejectedjokes.com, Middleitch and Schwartz's, Tori, we're going to Phoenix and another place next to Phoenix.

Next to Phoenix?

San Francisco, not totally next.

We're going back.

Not really next at all.

Next to but at least far away.

We've got to take a plane.

Yeah, I was singing Tucson, Flagstaff.

You need a miracle of technology to get between those cities in a reasonable way.

Is there a song?

I wish there was a song to help me memorize states because I don't know any of them.

Oh, me too.

Yeah.

You don't know them either?

None of us know one.

No, we don't know one.

Phil, what do you want to plug?

You know what?

If you can go on Pinterest and you can find downloadable files of some of my best word searches.

Oh, you do word searches?

Yeah, yeah, just on the side.

Mostly I'm a Mind Palace guy.

I'm constantly updating that Wikipedia article about Mind Palaces.

Oh, you're a big Mind Palace guy.

Yeah, huge Mind Palace guy.

But if you want on the side, you can download my word searches that I do just for fun.

Obviously, it's just for fun because that would be very stupid if that was a whole job.

OK, great.

And Hypnado, the mesmerist.

We know nothing about you.

Yes.

Well, the only thing you'll know is two podcasts that I like to listen to.

One is called Screw It, We're Just Going to Talk About Spider-Man.

And another one is called Screw It, We're Just Going to Talk About the Beatles.

And although.

Very coarse language in these podcast titles.

Yes, they're very cavalier and rude.

I mean, I don't do them.

I just listen to them.

And they're done by a guy named Will Hines.

Rude would be great in a word search.

Oh, I love that.

That'd be great.

That'd be fun.

That's like a fake out for a bigger word.

A bait and switch.

A little tricksty move.

Oh, I love that.

That's right.

And yeah, those are the end of my plugs.

That's the end?

All right.

Yeah.

Well, I'm going to say that this is a comedy podcast.

Those two podcasts I just listened to are more of the genuine and earnest nature, just so I don't set people up for expectation.

I bet there's comedy in there.

It happens accidentally.

Mm-hmm.

I want to plug, if you're a 3dom fan, we have Suckin' on Chili Dog shirts in the store.

Suckin' on Chili Dog.

You can get those at podswag.com slash 3dom.

Let's close up the old plug bag.

Whoa, what a bag.

It's time to open it.

It's time.

Classic.

It's time to open it.

What a bag.

It's time to open it.

It's time to open the bag.

It's time to open up bag.

Open up bag.

Didn't think that was going to keep going.

I don't think it ends.

Yeah, it's August.

Michael Hartigan, right?

Still going strong.

I love it.

Is it forever?

Hartigan did not do that remix.

I believe that was maybe Preston?

Maybe from Preston Development did it?

Eastman Presser?

Eastman Presser, yes.

That's amazing.

Hartigan was going to do it, but then we heard that one, said, you know what?

That's better than anything.

Will that be forever?

We have to do a new one next year.

We got to do a new one next year, yeah.

Every year we do a new one.

We still have another four or five months on this one.

All right, guys.

I apologize.

Should I plug a different podcast?

You want me to plug a musical podcast?

Oh, yeah, sure.

Why not?

What's your favorite musical podcast?

Probably the narrative one that got scripted out that Jonathan Groff did.

But my second one is probably Off Book, the improvised musical podcast.

Off Book.

And what is that?

It's like people singing?

It's like two hosts and a guest and a piano player in studio in drums.

And he's now making up a fully improvised musical.

In this tiny room?

In the other tiny room.

But Ben, are you ever going to do that show?

I would do it.

You got to explain what happens.

We all sing?

Everybody sings.

An improvised musical.

That's right.

That's impossible.

I've done it before.

It's very fun.

Have you really?

Yes, I have.

It's very fun.

How many guests do you have on at the same time?

Just one.

Sometimes, though.

If they're a duo.

If they're a duo, sometimes two.

Like if Garfunkel and Oates wanted to come.

That's right.

Sure, yeah.

Or if you and me.

No.

Do you want to come together?

Yeah, we can do it together.

I unfortunately have to go.

As do we all.

I want to thank our guests.

Ben Schwartz, good luck with Blue Iguana.

Thank you.

I love you Scott.

I love you too.

Phil, always good to talk to you.

When I say always, I mean this one time.

And if not-o, someday we'll figure out exactly.

Well, why don't you go ahead and do whatever you're going to do to us.

Oh yeah, go.

What did you think?

I mesmerized people.

But OK, get ready.

I'm going to mesmerize you.

Yeah, go ahead.

Forget it.

I'll tell you later.

All right.

We'll see you next time.

Thanks, bye.

♪ Heroes ♪ you Thank you.
