♪ Comedy Bang Bang ♪ I'm just snorting coke off the big fake titties of life.

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

Thank you to WhalePrintPants. I believe that's WhalePrintPants' first appearance on the cast phrase submissions.

And while catchy, I don't believe I'm going to stick with it. So the search continues.

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang for another week. And what a week it is. A little later we will have an emergency responder.

That is exciting. And we also have a trainer coming up.

So I'm always interested in health and fitness. So that will be exciting to talk to them.

But first up on the show from the world of show business, we have one of our favorite, favorite, favor right guests from he's been with us, a friend of the show for nine years and counting.

He's been on this program. I believe he came out to the early Indy 103 one days and the old radio station for his first appearance.

Did I? I believe so. Maybe. I don't know. We'll never know.

It's been a long time. It has been a long time. It's always been shady.

It has. Yeah. Always these weird pockets of remember the old place right next to the marijuana dispensary where we had a window and the window overlooked a garbage.

What do you call those dump thing? A dumpster? Dumpster.

Yeah. Garbage. I had garbage.

I had dump. Yeah. Couldn't get the stir right in there.

Stir it up as Bob Marley once said.

Do you agree with that? I sure do. What are you going to let it just sit there? You got to stir it up.

He was prescient. Do you say prescient or prescient? I say prescient. I say prescient too.

But then someone said prescient and it made me feel stupid.

No. Well, I think it's probably prescient.

Prescient. Not prescient, but prescient isn't, you know, whatever. What was that movie?

Precious. Precious. I actually never saw Precious. You didn't.

I never did. And I'll introduce you in a second.

I thought it was so great and so touching because I was watching this true life story of this, this, uh, troubled, uh, teen.

Yeah. I had tears running down my face and then I looked it up and it was all fake. It was all just some writer wrote it.

Oh, cause it says a true story or something like that. I don't even think it says a true story, but I went into it thinking like I'm going to see this true story.

And it was like, and then at the end all I was like, I was just like, boy, this writer, you know, just heaped a bunch of troubles on this fake person.

Right. I guess that's all movies. Yeah. Yes it is. I felt conned. I felt swindled.

I don't feel that much about movies, but I do feel that about novels, like in terms of like, first of all, reading is hard for me because of my attention span.

Like I'm not a good book. Hey, I'm not a good book reader.

I'm a much better magazine article reader as long as it's not too long.

Right. You know, like I, because I kind of get to the end, like, okay, I get it. I mean, unless there's, you know, more, you know, like who's gay or they haven't given you the full details of the murder yet.

Who do we got this week?

Uh, Spencer Tracy.

What? Yeah. No.

Uh, yeah. According to the, according to the Scotty Bowers movie.

Well, you know, you have, you know, the Scotty Bowers, I don't know the Scotty Bowers.

Oh, it's so I, uh, my wife went and saw it and I need, I mean, I will see it. It's a documentary about Scotty Bowers who was a gas station attendant in, he went, he was in world war II.

Sounds like prime documentary material.

Came back to LA, was a cute gas station attendant. The Walter Pigeon was the first one to say, Hey, would you like to come up to my place?

And they went up, they went up to Walter Pigeon's place and had sex. And then Scotty Bowers became like the group sex, gay party thrower of Hollywood.

Of Hollywood in the fifties?

Yeah. Fucked everybody.

Wow.

And his name and names.

He's wait, he's alive and he's currently naming names.

He's alive. He's currently naming, currently naming names.

He wrote a book, which is a fantastic read because for me, it's the best kind of book because you don't have open it anywhere.

And just start and just dig in, dig in as long as the bow movement takes.

Wasn't that his motto as well?

Just open it anywhere and dig in.

Open up and dig in.

Yeah.

But there's a documentary about him and apparently the documentarian really like backed up, like researched all his claims.

Okay, that's good. It's not just like filming this guy.

Yeah, because he would have these crazy boasts like, you know, like Albert Kinsey heard about me and came to interview me and I blew his mind because I did everything.

And he was like, there's no other person that does everything.

And the documentarian like goes to the Kinsey Institute in Bloomington, Indiana, and they're like, oh, yes, we have records of.

In fact, seek out Scotty Bowers.

And was he, uh, Alfred Kinsey's mind was blown.

Yes, it's true.

They actually had that in his mind was blown.

Yes.

Well, God bless him.

I think that anyway, I think I think we should all have sex with, we should attempt in our lives to have sex with every living being on the planet.

Oh, really?

What do you think?

Wow.

That's just some crazy theory I have maybe, but I.

That explains your studios, why they're all so seedy.

I think from the minute you're born, you should just like get on a checklist and try to roll through everything.

Start fucking.

Andy Richter is here.

Welcome to the show.

I am.

Start fucking.

That's my memoir, Andy Richter.

Start fucking.

And once you're passed on, it'll be Andy Richter stopped fucking.

That happened a while ago.

Yeah.

Well, you welcome to the show.

Speaking of fucking, you're on that Conan show.

I am.

Still, you just got back from Comic-Con a few weeks back, right?

Yes, we were at Comic-Con for our fourth year in a row.

Speaking of fucking.

Yeah.

Yeah, but I, when I last year figured out, cause I am a grumpy old man.

I don't know if you can tell where I am.

I'm a grumpy old man and I Comic-Con is a, I, I feel like a grumpy old man, like at a sock hop when I'm there.

I just, I have no idea.

You feel like the chaperone who's like parting couples from too much?

Like the chaperone that doesn't have children.

You know, that's like hanging out at, you know, the, the, you know, like the, the kid gym where they have birthday parties for four year olds.

Like, and I'm just there like, yeah, you know, I'm a gymnastics enthusiast, but I don't know anything.

I mean, as it gets, and it's as goes on, we have writers who are genuinely into that culture.

Wait, writers who are into nerd culture?

Yeah, I know.

It's hard to believe.

Right.

And so they, we rely on them heavily and they're not young either.

They're like, you know, they're regular adult people.

Right.

You should hire some like 15 year olds the week you're there.

Just to write jokes about.

And no, not in actual years, but in emotional mental years, we have plenty of them.

Right.

But I don't, I don't get any of it.

And last year I started, I, I have, I, my, I stay at a hotel out by the beach.

Right.

In La Jolla.

And, oh my goodness.

Yeah.

Me and the Romneys, you know, I just, I just, wherever, whenever I go somewhere and they say, what hotel do you want to stay in?

I say, put me wherever Mitty is.

Romney adjacent, please.

But I, uh, I stay out at the beach and it is, uh, a palliative to go away from Comic-Con and just go out on the beach.

And, and I had people come out this year and had like a barbecue on the beach, which was really fun.

So, yeah.

So it's like, I have found a way to make it much better for me because in the previous years, we'd stay at a hotel in the midst of it.

And I, uh, you know, and it's, it really is kind of like a festival and entitlement too.

So that I can't go to buy Preparation H hemorrhoid wipes at CVS without people thinking it's a meet and greet, you know, like, oh my God, can I get a, you know, like, yeah, okay.

Let me, you can wipe off after you shake their hands.

No, they're too valuable for that.

So you don't know, you, you say you don't know anything that they're talking about.

You don't know any pop culture stuff anymore.

Let's do it.

I mean, I know, I know who Superman is.

Okay.

Let's give you a test.

Okay.

This is what I'm trying to say.

And I'll at a certain point, you know, this stuff, we'll see.

We'll see because there's stuff I don't know because I'm too old for it, but we'll give you a little test and we'll see what the cutoff is.

Okay.

So number one, cartoons, cartoons.

Do you know what these are?

I do.

They are, uh, uh, moving pictures with sound, but I mean, they're pictures like, okay.

They're drawn pictures with a, with a pen and ink or, uh, good.

So, you know what, um, like, uh, if you're familiar with say like Betty Boop, that's a cartoon, Betty Boop.

Yeah, I do.

Okay.

Good.

And you know, who is that?

So that brings up something.

Yeah.

You don't, you'll see like a Betty Boop bumper sticker on a car.

Yeah.

Who are these people who know who Betty Boop is anymore?

Who cares?

Where do you see Betty Boop and what the it's gross.

You and I are roughly the same age, 28, 29.

Yeah.

And I, I mean, Betty Boop was like an old thing when I was young.

And they're gross.

Yeah.

Like I remember being a child, just being off put by any kind of Betty Boop.

What was it about Betty Boop that you didn't like?

I think, well, you know what?

I think, I think first of all, I think it, uh, for women of a certain age, they identify with Betty Boop in some gross way.

Primal way.

Like they want to have like a Mardi Gras parade sized head.

Uh, that is impossible to support with a human body.

I guess now that you, now that you're bringing it up, that is part and parcel of what Betty Boop's whole thing is.

She has a giant head.

She has a head that is at least like if the size of her torso.

A third.

Yeah.

It's a third of her height is skull.

Right.

And, and then, and I think also too, what, uh, Betty Boop represents is like a cartoon that you can fuck.

Right.

Yeah.

Because primarily it was drawn for that purpose.

I mean, it's like, cause aside from like Daisy duck, what other cartoon are you going to want to fuck?

Well, we'll get to them.

Okay.

Um, but it would be interesting to see like, uh, Betty Boop's skeleton, you know, her remains, you know, just that giant skull and spindly bones down below.

There's, I can't remember his name, but there's a great, uh, th this artist and I think he still does it.

No, no, I, uh, but there's this artist and I bought one of them.

He, he takes, uh, he's a graphic artist in San Francisco and he'll buy like a popping fresh doll, like an old popping fresh doll and he'll cut a quarter out of it or, or have it and then make it like a visible man, like putting skeleton and guts made out of skull.

Cool.

It's really cool.

We got to figure it out.

Listener, send it to us.

I know.

Uh, you know, yeah.

Just look up, you know, like, what are the, what are the keywords we got?

Uh, invisible and fresh skeleton pop and fresh or and fresh pop in pop in popping fresh pop in skeleton, skeleton statue.

Google.

Yes.

I'm telling you popping fresh.

No, no.

The bear.

Oh, so the bear.

So what is this?

The internet doll bones.

If you looked up doll bones, would it be the first thing that comes up with the bare minimum of letters?

That would be doll bones.com, which is like a porn.

Yeah, that's true.

No, I bet you it would be, um, he also did it with, I'm trying to think.

I think he also did it with a big boy, like Bob's big boy.

Oh, Bob's a big boy.

Yeah.

So Bob's big boy bone.

That's yeah.

That sounds, that sounds like one of those old paperbacks.

One of those old dirty paperbacks.

Bob's big boy bone.

Let's continue our quiz here.

Yes.

All right.

Bob's big boy.

I know Bob's big boy.

You just mentioned that is a comic.

Yeah.

That was not a good question considering that I'd already answered it.

Woody Woodpecker.

Yes.

Wow.

Yeah.

Now will you do the noises of everyone?

You didn't do Betty Boop.

Knowing.

There you go.

I can be fucked.

Okay.

Let's that's one of her less popular lines.

Let's continue on.

And I may be just trying to get you to do the voices.

Shaggy from Scooby Doo.

Do you know who that is?

Yes, I do.

That would be.

Oh, shag.

He was not referring to himself.

Oh, Scooby.

No, he was, he was asked, they were asking what kind of carpet he would like in the mystery.

Oh, wait.

Was Austin Powers.

Oh, shag.

Was Austin Powers asking him what he fancied?

A shag?

Right.

Exactly.

Oh, shag.

All right.

Let's continue on.

Okay.

The Harlem Globetrotters.

I do.

Yeah.

But I mean, but to say it cartoon.

Yeah.

There was a cartoon.

Yeah.

You know, I believe Metal Arc turned into an anthropomorphic basketball or or had spaghetti arms.

I don't remember.

Exactly.

Honestly.

Okay.

Continuing on.

And also name another.

Okay.

All right.

I was going to say name another Harlem Globetrotter besides Metal Arc Lemon.

And Curly.

Curly Neal.

Yeah.

Curly Neal.

Name beyond that.

Well, they were the headliners.

Yeah.

You know, they were above the title.

There's probably a lot of really bitter Globetrotters right now.

I know.

And they're not trotting anything.

Have you ever been to the Globetrotters?

I believe I was when I was like an adolescent.

Yeah.

You get confetti in your hair?

I don't think so.

From those buckets?

I don't think so.

They really try to trick you, don't they?

Oh boy.

I don't like it.

To be honest.

It's being tricked.

I don't like being tricked.

That's why Trump's president.

Because the Globetrotters and their buckets of water, they aren't water!

All right.

Continuing on.

Yes.

DuckTales.

I do know DuckTales.

And what do you know about them?

DuckTales are a spinoff of Donald Duck and his nephews Huey, Dewey, and Louie going on adventures with, uh, no.

And Scrooge McDuck is in it.

And then there's some like, uh, Patrick Warburton duck that flies a plane.

And it kind of like brought in like a Indiana Jones kind of thing.

Right.

Okay.

Well, I think they just started them up again and I auditioned for a voice and I didn't get it.

Oh, Ben Schwartz got it.

Did he?

Well, he got one of them.

Oh, okay.

All right.

So you know DuckTales.

What about Chuck E.

Cheese?

Chuck E.

Cheese is a pizza restaurant with animatronic animals.

You sound like you're drunk now.

You just took a sip of what is in there?

Chuck E.

Cheese is a pizza restaurant.

Well, that's a voice I put on when I want you to believe that I know something.

Grandpa, we didn't ask you about Chuck E.

Cheese.

We're trying to get you to sign your pizza's an Italian food.

You do not resuscitate.

It's a bread disc with tomato sauce and cheese.

And Chuck E.

Cheese restaurants are very famous for, uh, uh, drunken adults and almost coming to blows over skee-ball machines every fucking time I've been to a Chuck E.

Cheese.

Really?

Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.

They are, they are over the right to play skee-ball on them?

Yeah, yeah.

Like angry drunken parents because they have booze at them too.

Right.

And, and I, and you take kids there and it's like, it gets fucking weird and angry.

Yeah.

Right.

Yeah.

They need more places with booze and kids.

Yeah, they do.

You know what I mean?

Just mingling.

You know what?

People are, we, we, and you've been to it.

We have a, like a new year's Eve party every year that we, that we call new year's evening because it starts about six o'clock and it's around seven.

Yeah.

It ends around 10, get the fuck out.

Um, and it's for people with kids and I, and I always kinda like, you know, I grew up at, with parents having parties and at an early age being like, oh, that's what a drunk person is.

And I don't necessarily think, you know, and I mean, nobody was ever, well, I mean, I can't, I can't say nobody was ever, but it wasn't ever like really sloppy, terrible drunk.

But I do kind of feel like people are like, no, it's not a party with kids.

It's kind of like, no, I mean, integrate your life.

Yeah, exactly.

The kids are there.

They're, they're, you know, witnessing what it's like to be an adult.

They're maybe saying like, oh, I want, I'm a little boy who wants to be a big boy.

I wanted someday, you know, get that drunk, you know?

Right.

We all, we all saw.

Let him find in the alley getting high.

Like, is that so bad?

Is that a song lyric?

What'd you say?

Let him find you in the alley getting high.

Oh, Mr.

Dylan.

That's right.

Let him find you in the alley.

You get it.

Do you do a Bob Dylan impression?

I've always wondered.

Uh, no.

Well, I do want to view doing Bob Dylan.

So it would just, it would sound exactly like what you just did.

So there's really no need for it.

Okay.

Yeah, no, we'll just move on.

Okay.

So I'm trying to find the cutoff for you here.

Right.

And we may be at the cutoff of what I know about it.

I know.

So that's why, that's why I asked at the beginning of this endeavor.

Yeah.

How deep your knowledge was.

Because I bet you don't know who star shine is or princess.

Mononoke princess.

Mononoke.

I actually just went to see princess Mononoke because they are weird that you did that.

Well, no, uh, uh, that, that fathom events, you know, that does like the pay-per-view events in theaters, the things that we, that are, they hype a lot, but no one goes to.

Yes, exactly.

Yeah.

Like one of the ones that I love is that in theaters you can go.

And I think it's every Saturday morning and watch a matinee of a, of an opera at the Met.

Yeah.

Like there are certain theaters.

Well, it's always like, Hey, come on Sunday at a precise time to see a live broadcast of a four hour Shakespeare thing.

No.

Yeah.

Right.

Like I'll watch it at home.

Maybe I'll get to it at home at some point, but you know what?

I'm going to go to a theater to watch this.

Yeah.

Well, you know, there's a, there's a certain danger of jerking off in a theater.

This is unrelated to what?

No, no, no.

I'm just saying, I'm just saying I understand the impetus.

But yeah, but, uh, I, I went, they've been like every, I think, I don't know if it's once a month, but they've been showing all the studio Ghibli classics and princess.

Did you just have a stroke?

What did you just say?

Studio Ghibli.

That's the studio, the Miyazaki studio.

Oh, I see.

Okay.

And princess Mononoke was playing and my son who's 17, who speaks Japanese.

It's been taking Japanese since he was in seventh grade.

My wife and daughter were out of town.

I was like, Hey, princess, Mononoke is playing and they'll play.

They'll play the dub version, then the subtitle version.

And then the dub, they do three.

So the subtitle version it's in Japanese.

And I was like, you have to see this three times in a row.

No, no, no.

It's it's over the various nights.

It's over three nights.

Okay.

And a night event.

Yes.

And, uh, and I said, let's go see the subtitle one.

And he was like, okay, yeah, let's do that.

But because he's 17, he's constantly breaking dates with me because like, yes, his friends will be like, you know, like, let's go look at a shoe.

And he's like, well, that's a lot better than doing something with dad.

Oh, you're going to shoe look.

Okay.

So like right before any, he always is so sweetly tortured and conflicted.

Yes. You've sent the, you are not sent me.

Oh, that would be weird.

But you've shown me some of his texts about being tortured, breaking.

Oh, I really should.

God, I feel terrible.

Like don't feel terrible.

Just go do it with your friends.

So I did go to princess Mononoke by myself.

Oh, Andy.

Whatever.

It was fun.

It's a beautiful, beautiful movie.

And, um, and, uh, and yeah, and definitely worth seeing in a theater.

All of those students with several, you know, just solo gentlemen with, with a bunch of fucking nerds.

It was in Burbank, so I'm sure it was a lot of animation people.

Yeah, that's true.

Because there's a lot of animation people in Burbank, but, and it really did bug me because a lot of the motherfuckers laugh at points when that's, it's that ongoing thing of like, what the fuck are you people laughing at?

Like laughing to shoot to prove how smart they are.

No, there's, they're laughing at like, like at a couple of like heartbreaking moments, like there's a heartbreaking moment, like what the fuck are you laughing at?

Yeah.

Like really?

Or just like, because they're uncomfortable or because they think it's funny.

I don't know.

Like there's just like, like maybe it is uncomfortable.

Maybe it is discomfort.

Maybe it is a youthful ironic detachment.

Where I'm from, you go see a movie when someone gets hit in the balls, you laugh and that's it.

Right, right.

The rest of the time you sit there, you sit there stone faced.

Exactly.

You can't expel that emotion.

You got to save it up for your mother's funeral and then you let it all out.

Speaking of animation, let's continue our quiz.

Okay.

I'm up for it.

I wish I had a buzzer.

Wally.

I mean, yes, I know Wally.

I couldn't quite tell what that buzzer sound was.

That was me buzzing in.

Oh, okay.

But yeah, got it.

Yes, I know Wally.

Wally.

Oh, well, not you talk about beautiful movies.

That's a beautiful movie.

It's a beautiful, beautiful movie.

Oh, such a heartbreaking, wonderful yet, you know, your heart breaks and then a flower grows out of it.

Then it heals.

Yeah, it cracks open and then like a flower grows out of it.

And then a heart is the fruit of that flower and it's disgusting.

It's disgusting.

And there's manure underneath the flower.

And nobody picks it and then it gets like dry in the sun and stinks.

Your gardener has to come and just like chop it down.

These fucking human hearts all over the garden.

You wish you were one of those robots.

And Wally?

Sure.

No, I wish I was one of those immobile fat people.

Does sound fun, doesn't it?

Um, all right.

Let's see what's after Wally.

Let's see.

Chicken Little.

Yeah, I know about Chicken Little.

The cartoon.

Yes.

Okay, I do.

Well, we've covered the gamut of animation.

I guess I do know more about Comic-Con than I thought.

All right.

Well, Andy Richter is here.

You can see him as far as I'm concerned, nightly on Conan.

Yeah.

Well, for nightly for night.

We're not on Fridays for every fortnight for nightly fourth for fortnight.

No, no, no.

What night?

Fortnight.

It's a game.

God, I can't stop.

I don't know what it is.

I mean, I don't know what it is.

I know people play it.

Yeah.

Maybe you shoot something.

You probably shoot.

Then it is a shooty thing because and I know a lot of the first time I heard of it was during the World Cup.

Some of the soccer people were celebrating their goals by doing fortnight poses.

Like they were mimicking characters in fortnight and someone mentioned that and I went that must be a video game.

So I mean, first of all, very smart.

Yes, you that context clues led you to it.

Yes.

Video game.

You were correct on that.

Yes, as far as I'm concerned.

Yes.

And yet neither of us know exactly what it is or know what a fortnight poses.

There are probably listeners right now.

We're screaming at their their their phones.

But listen, I'm 51 years old.

It's all you need.

All you need is to know things like that.

Right.

Fortnight is a video game.

It's a video game.

Just move on.

They do poses.

Right, exactly.

You can just move on to be like pretty little liars was on something called, you know, now I can't remember it.

What they change?

No, what they changed ABC Family to like, kaleidoscope or shadow box.

Freeform.

That's what it was.

Yeah.

If you but don't you want to know one of these fortnight poses so you can do it and have your son laugh and go, ha, dad's pretty cool.

You know what?

I think if you just honestly, there's probably lots of poses.

So if you just did a pose and said it's fortnight, people, most people would go like, oh, wow.

That old man knows about games.

Have you ever done one of those poses like one of the, you know, dabbing, dabbing, dabbing?

Have you ever like dabbed in front of your kids?

I have not.

Because I think 99% of the time they would go, dad, cut it out.

Yeah, yeah.

No, I have not.

I have never.

No, no, my children, no, they find me disgusting on a good day.

So if I was to dab, like it would, that would probably be a justifiable homicide in teen court.

Well, discussing on a good day, Andy Richter is here.

Can you stick around for the entire program?

We have other guests that we're about to get to listen.

I'll stay for the next one.

But then when are you recording that one?

Oh, right after the break.

Oh, okay.

No, I mean the next show.

Oh, you're going to stay for the next show.

Sure, sure.

Great.

Andy Richter will be our guest.

Games aren't good at home.

Okay.

We need to take a break.

When we return, we will have a trainer of some sort.

That's exciting, right?

Yeah. When you entered that, I thought like, oh, fuck, I'm a trainer.

Oh, you thought I was introducing you.

I thought like, oh boy, now I'm going to have to know about fitness.

So you thought, because I might've made a mistake in knowing what your job is, you were going to have to suddenly come up with a lot of, no, no, our next guest.

I'm going to have to know kinesiology.

I thought you were saying kineval.

No, I wasn't.

No, you weren't.

Remember him?

I do.

Evil kineval.

The human fly.

Wait, the human fly.

Oh, that was at, isn't he like a French guy that climbed up buildings?

God, I can't stump you.

All right.

Well, we'll see.

Uh, maybe our next guest has something.

Or no.

Was he French?

I hope so.

I think the French guy was the, was the tightrope walker dude.

Yeah.

You're, you're talking about Man on Wire.

Right.

And then, and then didn't like, uh, Joseph Gordon Levitt make a movie that no one saw about it?

Man on Wire.

Yeah.

Okay.

Did you see it?

Of course not.

Yeah.

No, I'm going to go to a theater.

Like if I'm not going to go see the opera on Sunday mornings, I'm not going to go watch a movie about a tightrope walker.

Right.

You know, give me, did you see the Joseph Gordon Levitt movie about, uh, bicycle messengers?

No.

Yeah, no.

Why would anyone do that?

Although we had his publicist here for a while about talking about that, but, uh, no, of course not.

Publicist came on a show to talk about the movie?

Yeah.

I'm like, get me Joseph Gordon Levitt.

Don't get me the publicist, but no.

Yeah.

We got the, we got the, no shit.

Really?

You had a publicist on?

Yeah.

You can hear it on a previous episode.

Oh, that's sad.

Yeah.

It's very sad.

I, I, it's pretty soon.

They won't need stars.

They'll just need publicist to talk about stuff.

This guy has come on several times.

He was on in our South by Southwest episode this year.

As a matter of fact, just talking about movies.

You've got to see Joseph Gordon Levitt in the Spiciful Messenger movie.

That's pretty good.

So you do know about him because you do an impression of him.

No, I just know those people.

All right.

And when I say those people, I mean to be offensive.

Look, we need to take a break.

When we come back, we're going to have a trainer and more Andy Richter and a little later an emergency responder.

We'll be right back with more Comedy Bang Bang after this.

Comedy Bang Bang.

We're back here.

Andy Richter is our guest from still to the right of Conan.

Conan's right hand, man.

That is yeah.

I guess position of power.

You ever think about that?

Like what's, what's rule?

What is it about the right hand?

It's because it's the it's it's most people are right hand.

No, I think it's because you supposed to wipe your butt with your left hand.

Oh God.

Yeah.

You ever wiped the Conan's butt?

Certainly not.

Wait, no, here's, here's a real question.

Were he to become, and we all get there, so nothing wrong with this.

Were he to become older and infirm?

No, no, no.

You would give up the job and all of your income?

I'd let him stew in his fucking filth.

All right.

Speaking of stewing in their fucking filth, this next guest probably does not do that.

He is a trainer and let me get the information about it.

Oh, wait a minute.

This, oh, he's a returning guest.

This is Dash Grabham.

Oh, Scott.

Dash Grabham.

Welcome back to the show.

Good.

Just to clarify again, I'm not a physical trainer.

I am a Pokemon trainer trying to become a Pokemon master by catching all the Pokemon.

Oh, I now see, I know what Pokemon are.

Oh, you do.

Yeah, you probably saw.

Okay.

So I also went to Comic-Con.

I was very confused because picture this, you go to a place and there's just a bunch of people dressed up like animals from your world, right?

For no reason.

That's what comic con is like to me.

Slow down.

You go to a place.

That's what I did.

I'm already very confused by this, but you go to a place and people are dressed up like animals from your world.

You go to Comic-Con.

I see a bunch of people like me.

I go there.

I see a bunch of people walking around dressed like the animals that live in the trees and the lakes and the fields around where I am from, which is the Kanto region.

Okay.

I get that the Kanto region, of course.

But so where you and you, it would be like, what would our version of that be?

You walk into a place.

Okay.

Of just any place.

Sure.

A big, let's say it's a big room and there's just people dressed up like dogs and birds.

But this sounds like Comic-Con to me.

Do people just dress up like dogs and birds?

There's like furries and stuff there.

My question is when you say they're dressed up for no reason, what re when you say like, like if you thought like, oh, that guy is dressed up for a reason, what would that reason be?

Oh, bar mitzvah.

Or like maybe he has some sort of burlesque performance.

I see.

Or it could be any number of things.

Right.

In my line of work.

Two.

You've mentioned two.

Yeah.

Well, those are the two main reasons to get gussied up.

One is the Jewish coming of age ceremony.

Sure.

That happens around the age of 13, I believe.

That's right.

And the other is, you know, a burlesque performance.

About to do a sexy, sexy dance.

Which happens at 18, hopefully.

Sometimes the two things happen simultaneously.

If it's a good bar mitzvah.

Let me tell you, you get the Laker girls or whatever they're called.

Whatever they're called.

Your parents are really rich.

Yeah.

I didn't have a bar mitzvah.

You didn't have?

Oh, are you of the Jewish faith?

No.

No one from the Kanto region is of the Jewish faith.

Almost no one.

Is that why you didn't have a bar mitzvah?

I was going to say grabem would have been shortened from like grabemalski.

Grabemalski.

Grabemowitz.

Yeah.

Grabemowitz.

No.

No, I didn't have one.

Dash, welcome to the show.

Ah, it's so good to be back.

Now, to refresh our memories, and Andy was not with us on this previous episode, you are a Pokemon trainer, which what does it, what exactly does that mean?

Okay.

So there are monsters living in my world.

I subjugate them with the Kanto region.

I subjugate them with battle and I capture them inside a small ball where they now work for me and are my friend.

It was pointed out to me the last time I was here that this is a morally dubious practice.

It's a little like you're enslaving these creatures.

Sure.

As a result, Scott, I am pleased to inform you that, you know, I have kind of updated my ways and I'm trying not to do the same thing.

So I actually did release all of the Pokemon that I had.

You've released all of your, you had hundreds, if not thousands.

That's very nice of you to say.

Is it incorrect?

I mean, I don't remember.

I'm very good at what I do.

Right.

But anyway, I let them all go and I only kept, I got some new ones rather.

And I- Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait.

You, you let everyone, you let them all go, but then you captured more.

Caught some more.

Yes.

But it's different now because now I only catch ones that I'm like 90% sure are criminals.

Oh, okay.

So these are, you're incarcerating these.

I'm doing what I like to call street justice.

Okay.

Or forest justice.

Forest justice, lake justice.

Do you have streets there in the Kanto region?

Oh, sure.

Yeah, we got it.

Yeah.

Are they paved or are they just dirt roads?

We got both.

You know, if you're, if you're in like the Viridian woods, that's going to be a dirt road.

If you're going to Saffron city, that's going to be a paved street.

Oh, Saffron city sounds pretty great.

Oh, it's really nice.

Yeah.

What a color based towns where I'm from.

Well, I mean, you know, uh, why do we name anything, anything?

You know, I truly don't know.

And if you ask about some of the creatures in my world, that question really comes right to the fore.

Right.

What are the, some of the creatures in your world?

Well, let me tell you about the three Pokemon that I'm currently having.

So you currently in your- You're just down to three.

I only have three because I only found three that I was like, I'm pretty sure you're a criminal.

I feel good about keeping you locked up.

90% sure you say.

90%.

Right.

So I got this one and it's, how do I describe it?

It's kind of like a weasel that stands on its back legs and holds a bone for a club and wears another bone on its head.

No joke.

The bone on its head is its mother's skull.

What?

It's just a cataloged fact that every single animal of this species, the bone that it's wearing on its head is its mom's bone.

Right.

Because we all, when you become a Pokemon trainer, you got something called a Pokedex.

Basically it's a digital encyclopedia that you get to carry around with you.

And if you find a Pokemon, you hold it up in front of it, kind of like Siri and you go, Beep, Beep, Siri, what's this?

And it says, Beep, Beep.

This Pokemon is called a Cubone, which this one is.

And it tells you the skull on its head is its mother's skull.

Wow.

Do they, do they reach a certain point when they wear their mother's skull or like right out of the womb, they like collecting you.

You want to hear something else that's wild in your egg?

I guess I got time.

Every single animal in my world hatches from an egg.

Oh, wow.

All of them.

Even the mammals.

Especially the mammals.

Wow.

Do the eggs come out of cloacas?

Like out of the mother's cloaca?

I assume so.

I don't know.

I haven't like, there's some purview people who are like, I'm going to get into figuring out where are these Pokemon eggs are coming from.

That's not my chance.

They sound like doctors.

But you're a trainer.

Wouldn't you want to have sort of a holistic knowledge?

I'm not a breeder.

I'm a trainer.

All right.

People are, but yeah, I guess you probably should know.

When you say you're a trainer, you're capturing these people.

Are you training them to do anything?

Oh, for sure.

Yeah.

We got to kind of, they're not people.

They're creatures.

Yes.

Thank you.

They're, they're pocket monsters to be specific.

Is that what Pokemon stands for?

Pokemon means.

Pocket monsters?

They're monsters that you can fit in your pocket while you incarcerate them against their will.

That sounds like a, like a funny thing to call your penis.

I guess so.

Yeah.

Do you have a penis?

Or a vagina?

Sure do.

Cause the pocket part.

Sure.

That's a pocket monster.

That's true.

Yeah.

You ever see that movie about the vagina with teeth?

Is it called Vagina Dentata?

I hope so.

Wait, no, that's a police album.

So now you, you, uh, you, you saw this, your, your thing, your Siri for, for Pokemon.

What is it called again?

Pokedex.

Said that this, uh, uh, has its mother's skull upon its head.

Cubone.

That's right.

Okay.

And you said, okay, I'm going to incarcerate this.

I said, this, this dude can't be walking around.

For the crime of matricide?

I assume so.

I mean, you got to figure if you see anyone wearing parts of their immediate family.

Okay.

I'm off the streets guy.

Yeah.

Perhaps.

So are you training him?

Are you involved in active training?

And what are you training?

You're training him to fight though, right?

Absolutely.

Blood.

Don't you see that sort of drag?

Don't you see you're working at cross purposes in that you're, you're taking, obviously very sick, violent offender off the streets and utilizing his skills.

Yes.

And utilizing his skills to create more mayhem.

Much like if we incarcerated, uh, Charles Manson.

Right.

The, the original Helter Skelter.

Sure.

And we suddenly started teaching him Taekwondo in order to overpower the guards.

Or say you, you capture Jeffrey Dahmer and you send him to a culinary institute to just cook humans.

Counter, counterpoint.

Okay.

So I have multiple of these criminals.

Okay.

What good are they into society?

If they're just locked up, they have these skills.

We should be using them to do the jobs no one else would do.

Like some sort of suicide squad.

And that is what your suicide squatting these people.

What's that?

Not people.

They're a pocket monster.

Sorry.

These pocket monsters.

We sleep at night.

If we don't call them people, we don't want to humanize them.

No.

By the way, did you see that new Jurassic park movie?

Is it Jurassic park two?

No.

Is it Jurassic park three?

No.

It's Jurassic park, the Jurassic park strikes back.

I found it very odd in this movie that, uh, uh, Chris Pratt and the, uh, Ron Howard's daughter, uh, they, uh, they, they talk about these dinosaurs and they're on the dinosaur side and they want to free them.

And they're all like, you know, they humanize all the, all the dinosaurs, except for the biggest scariest one.

They're like, that thing doesn't, that's where we draw the line.

That's where we draw the line and they keep dehumanizing it by calling it it.

And a thing.

Whereas all the other dinosaurs are he or she, I don't think I could watch that legally speaking.

What's what's the, what's the rating for that movie?

Uh, I believe it's PG 13.

Yeah.

I'm 12 years old.

You're 12 years old.

I know.

How did we not ask this last time you were on the show?

No, I think you did.

Oh, I did.

Okay.

So tell us about these other two creatures that you have.

One's a big old turtle with two guns on its back.

Oh, it's big.

Like a bit like hippo size.

Big.

Oh dear.

It's got two guns on its back.

What is this one called?

It's called blastoise.

Blastoise.

Are you sure it's not blastois?

It sounds, oh yeah.

He might be French or Belgian.

It might be a blastois.

I've only seen it in the Pokedex.

I think that that guy calls it a blastoise, but honestly, like, I don't know who recorded that.

That guy could be wrong.

Let's call him a blastois.

Are they all in the same ball or did they all get their own ball?

Oh God, no.

I don't know if you could do that.

That's a very interesting idea.

I have never tried to put two Pokemon in the same ball before.

So you have a good reason to get out of bed today.

You have multiple balls?

Oh God, yes.

So many and different kinds too.

I feel weird asking a 12 year old that.

Yeah, let me talk to you about my balls, Scott Ockerman.

Okay.

But shouldn't you only have three?

Do you have a bunch of empty balls?

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Of multiple types.

So let me put this to you.

Okay.

If I'm just catching like a tiny thing, I'm going to use a Pokeball.

Those ones are red.

Okay.

You want to amp it up a little bit?

Something a little bit bigger.

Sure.

Why would one want to amp it up?

Well, you can't catch a blastois in a Pokeball.

He's going to burst right out of that sucker.

He's hippo sized.

He's really big.

It's less of a size thing and more of a strength thing, but yeah, it's a power thing.

Sometimes those go hand in hand.

For sure.

Yeah.

I have no doubt.

Big things are strong.

That's true.

And little things are usually weak.

And sometimes little things are weak.

But sometimes little things are wiry and they have a lot of muscle strength.

There are bees in my world that literally have drills for hands, Scott.

They're not too big, but they're also, they're kind of big.

And like I said, drills for hands.

Like electric drills?

I mean, they sure do spin like they are.

You know what?

Honestly, I would be troubled by bees with hands for hands.

For re- yeah.

It's actually better that they look like drills.

It's true.

Like any of these creatures with opposable thumbs is trouble.

Oh, we got one.

Yes.

Is the one Pokemon that I think it's fair to say is 100% French and his name is Mr. Mime.

Mr. Mime.

And he's an animal?

That's an excellent question because he sure does look like some kind of human.

Oh my God.

So you're, you sometimes were enslaving humans.

I've never, I am proud, proud to say Scott Aukerman, but I have never and would never capture a Mr. Mime.

Oh, you never had a Mr. Mime?

No, thank you.

You've just seen them.

Oh God.

Yeah.

Have you done battle with them?

Yeah.

What is their, what is their main, what is their, their main strategy?

Giving up and running away.

Oh my God.

Declaring themselves neutral until Germany gets too close.

So now what is your thing?

Imagine no line that's imaginary.

What is your third Pokemon that you have?

It's a bomb.

It's just a bomb.

Just a bomb.

I don't know how else to say this guy.

It's got eyes and a mouth.

And what does it do?

It blows up and the wild part after it blows up, it's still around and it can blow up again.

And I feel 100% good about taking that off of the streets.

Yeah.

I mean a reusable bomb, normally a bomb splits into shrapnel, which you know, embeds in human beings.

The way God intended.

And then it's gone.

And you know, you know, Pokemon evolve, right?

Sure.

Of course I know that.

They change it.

Everyone knows that.

But do they, do they evolve just given time or is it something like if they get enough battle experience?

I'm so glad you asked that.

Now there's multiple reasons that a Pokemon can evolve.

One is battle experience.

Some though, no matter how much you battle them will never evolve unless you basically straight up drug them with something that we call stones.

So for example, if you need to make a Pikachu evolve into a Raichu, you would need a thunderstone.

If you wanted to make an Eevee evolve into a Flareon, you would need a Fire Stone.

Oh, I passed one of those.

That's no good.

I don't know why I am actually following this because it's such a lot of nonsense.

I imagine that you have me back because I talk about things that you're so interested in on a deep level and you just want it to have more knowledge about.

Sure, sure.

Well, so you have three criminals, hardened criminals off the street.

Is anyone in your world upset at the fact that these are no longer have, able to exercise their free will?

Well, they're exercising my free will, so that's something, right?

I guess.

They have will, it's just mine.

Those were, those were words, but I don't know what they mean, but they sound good.

Sure.

So like free will, they've all got them.

They just have mine and they do what I want them to do.

Does that make sense?

I guess.

Does that make sense?

I don't think so.

I guess they're like vessels that hold your will.

I mean, like what's the thing that you would want to do?

Like a free will thing.

Yeah, something like say you had a Sunday off and you could do anything you wanted.

Be left alone.

Great.

So they do that all the time.

Ah, that'd be great.

See, I would like to be sealed up in a little ball.

I mean, you know, could you capture Andy here?

Absolutely.

What is the process of actually capturing anything into one of your poke balls?

Okay.

Well normally I would have to battle it until it gets too tired to resist, but it sounds like you're a willing participant.

Oh boy, come on.

Oh, you got me.

You were born too tired.

Oh, I give up.

Enough.

So basically what I'm going to do is I'm going to throw up.

I'm going to throw a poke ball very fast at your head.

Okay.

It's going to hit you.

Right.

Then, or just before it hits you or after, sometimes it happens both ways.

It's going to open up and then a bunch of, I don't understand the science between it.

A bunch of energy is going to fly out of it.

It's going to jump onto you, turn you into energy, and then you're all going to get into that ball.

And then you have the option at that point to kind of struggle and break out.

Or you could submit.

Is there, is there like a bathroom in the ball or TV?

There's probably no need for this because you're waist neutral, correct?

I have been in the ball once as you recall.

Yes, I do recall.

And as far as I remember, all existence does seem to cease.

So you, it's almost like being in a coma, except I guess I would imagine when you're in a coma, you shit and piss, right?

Oh yeah, yeah, sure.

I don't know.

Oh, sure.

Sure.

Mario Lanza did.

So it's a lot like being in a coma, except you're in a, in just a coma without any sort of existence at all.

Yeah.

You're in a coma until I want you to do something and then you're not out of a coma and you, I need you to, uh, follow my orders.

Okay.

So Andy, does this sound good to you?

What?

If you're willing to go inside the Pokeball, we'll pay for it.

Um, I guess.

Ultra ball.

Whoa.

Now he's in it.

Oh my God.

Andy went inside the, the, the, he didn't struggle at all.

He had an opportunity.

I saw that he's big and powerful.

So as I was saying before, I used an ultra ball for this one.

Okay.

Step up.

Yeah.

If I had been really afraid he was going to break out, I would have used a master ball.

Okay, good.

But he's in an ultra ball.

He's he's good.

Yeah.

I should probably let him out.

Well, that's okay.

Why don't we take a break?

We'll let him out on the other side of this.

Uh, we're going to take a break when we come back.

We'll have an emergency responder and we'll maybe let Andy out of the ultra ball.

Maybe.

Uh, Dash Grabham is here.

We'll be right back with more comedy bang bang after this.

Comedy bang bang.

We're back here with Dash Grabham and Andy Richter.

Our guest is trapped within.

Hold on.

I got you.

I choose you.

Andy Richter.

Hi guys.

Are you going to put me in the ball?

Oh, you don't remember being in the ball.

I told you, man.

Wow.

Uh, you were, you were in the ball.

No.

Yeah.

How do you feel now?

Do you feel rested?

Do you feel like we should probably break?

No, we took a break.

We've come back already.

You advertise things?

Yes, I did.

And I was, oh.

You missed it.

You don't know what, yeah.

I mean, there's stamps.com.

There's probably some kind of fucking mattress.

This is crazy.

Speaking of mattress side.

Yes.

Well, every time a new Pokemon gets registered, it goes into every single person's Pokedex in the world because it's kind of like a Wikipedia style updating database.

Sure.

There is now a Pokemon entry for an Andy Richter.

Oh my God.

As a Pokemon.

You're officially a Pokemon.

With hands for hands.

Hands for hands.

And feet for feet.

Oh.

Well, fascinating.

So if you're willing to go back in at the end of the show, we can certainly allow that.

But until then.

I still don't believe that you did put me in a ball.

I'll tell you what, next time we'll videotape it and show it to you.

All right.

Whatever.

I mean, I don't believe it.

What's up?

I feel the same.

What's up, Dash?

Do I have to take Andy Richter with me?

You don't want to take Andy?

I just feel weird.

He said he has kids, doesn't he?

He does, but you know, I mean, they don't seem to like him all that much.

They're old enough.

You know, they've gotten all they could out of me.

Okay, if you want to join my suicide squad.

Yeah, are you going to wrap some sort of explosive collar around Andy's neck and force him to go off and do missions?

Is that what they do in that movie?

Yeah, you haven't seen it, obviously.

No.

Now, does the bomb with eyes and a mouth, since it has a mouth, I imagine it can kiss, right?

I mean, yeah.

Okay.

All right.

Put it inside that Pokeball.

Is that a Pokeball or an Ultra Ball that the bomb is in?

The bomb's in an Ultra Ball.

Ultra Ball, got it.

All right.

Have you ever seen it kiss?

I mean, no, but that doesn't mean it can.

It has lips.

It has actual lips because, you know, dogs can't kiss.

All they can do is lick you.

Dogs can't kiss.

Such disappointment in that.

Sounds like there's a lot of experimentation in that statement.

By the way, why would you have had a Bar Mitzvah if you're only 12?

I wouldn't.

I'm not Jewish.

No, I'm just saying that you said you didn't have one.

You've never had the opportunity to have one because you're not old enough yet.

I guess I haven't missed the window yet.

I could go to a rabbi and have him turn me away three times to convert to the Jewish faith, and then I could have a Bar Mitzvah.

I could have a Poke Mitzvah.

Oh, that would be amazing.

Well, we do need to get to our next guest before we get to that.

She is an emergency responder.

What an interesting job.

Why don't we welcome Helke Johnsdottir?

Ah, yes.

Herkla.

Sorry, Hekla.

Hekla.

It means crochet in Icelandic.

It means what now?

Crochet.

You're not...

Oh, crochet.

Do you have yarn that you wish to make a picture out of?

I don't personally know.

If you did, that would be my name, Hekla.

Wait, if I had yarn, that would be your name.

And I wanted to make a picture, that would be your name.

Or a scarf.

You could make a scarf or a picture.

Crochet is what you're talking about.

Yeah.

Hekla.

And that's what Hekla means in what language?

Icelandic.

You're from Iceland?

I am.

I was born in Akureyri, and now I live outside of Reykjavik.

It's a beautiful place, but it's fraught with peril.

There's so many consonants coming at me with so few vowels.

Oh, is that because we are separate in the Arctic?

We are separate from all the consonants.

I mean, just Arctic.

That's so many of them right there.

We're not part of any consonant except for maybe Europe.

I understand what you're saying.

We're part of the European consonant.

You're thinking of saying continents, not consonant.

Yeah.

Got it.

Welcome to the show.

This is Andy.

This is Dash Grabham.

Hello.

Hello, tiny boy.

Hello.

Hello, Hekla.

I'm small.

Do you know Bjork?

Oh, I love Bjork.

Everyone in Iceland loves Bjork.

Does everybody know her?

I did meet her once.

She came into a gas station that I was working in, and she took all of the tiny donuts.

The donut donuts.

Yeah, yeah, sure.

I know.

She's the opposite of Ariana Grande.

I don't know who that is.

Is she a big person?

No, she's pretty tiny.

She's Bjork-sized.

I would catch her in an ultra bowl.

You want Ariana Grande?

What crime is she committed?

I don't know, but she's Grande.

I got to use an ultra bowl.

That's true.

Is this one of those Taco Bell menu items?

That's what I have come to the US for the first time, and there's so many interesting named items here.

Yes.

But yeah, I came on a mission, and I am here to discourage reckless tourism in my country.

Reckless tourism?

Reckless tourism in my country.

What does that mean, reckless tourism?

Well, Americans, forgive me for being so direct and very rude, but Americans are a bit dummies.

They're dummies.

Oh my God, that's so true.

They come to Iceland to see our beautiful landscape and to hike in the mountains and to do a log of agar trek and to go to Hutch Springs and to go to Jokskarlon Glacier Lagoon.

I knew the first three things that you said, and then I don't know what Jargrifsark and treks are.

Jokskarlon is a big glacier we have in the salt of the country.

And the Americans come, but everyone wants to take...

Everyone do it for the gram.

Oh, the Instagram, yeah, for the picture of the beautiful landscapes.

Yes, and then often these dummy tourists, they plummet to their death.

Oh, okay.

Is that...

That's happening a lot in Iceland right now, I guess.

People...

Record breaking numbers.

Record breaking number of people plummeting to their deaths.

Just doing basic activities that we have done since we were very young children.

I see.

Like you, small boy.

Like plummeting to your not death.

Yes, we can go on a hike or go look at a glacier or go walk up a mountain and not fall to our deaths because we are trained in things like balance.

In not falling.

Yes.

When you say trained in balance, meaning just like remaining tethered to the earth via gravity?

Yes, we do utilize gravity in our...

It's a big part of the balance thing.

As young children in Iceland, we are taught a life skills class.

We're taught about an elf from outer space who comes to...

This is very real.

An elf from outer space has landed in Iceland and doesn't know how to survive.

So we are taught to teach him the effects of gravity, money management skills, how not to get in fights, not to drink too much, and contraceptives.

This is all very real.

This is very real.

We are all taught from the age of nine years old.

How to teach this to an elf.

If an elf comes to your country and doesn't know how, so then we extrapolate that and we teach it to tourists.

Money management.

Yes.

How not to get in fights.

Alcohol consumption and contraceptives.

Is the elf a male or female elf?

It could be either.

We've had very stupid women come as well.

So...

Right.

I see.

It's a metaphor for a dumb tourist like yourself.

You know, maybe yourselves with dumb people.

Got it.

So a lot of deaths in your country.

Many, many deaths.

And you respond to them?

You are...

Yes.

I am from Icelandic search and rescue.

I see.

Ice, sour.

Or in our language, it's...

Oh my God.

Wow.

That is incredible.

But what did you say before ice?

Ice, sour.

No, I didn't accidentally press rewind.

No, that was purely going forward.

What is rewind again?

What is rewind?

You have no need for rewind in Iceland?

No, in Iceland we only look forward.

We only look towards the future.

Do you have fast forward?

We go very fast.

At all times.

So we'd have no regular speed.

So what did you call it?

Ice far?

Ice sour.

Icelandic search and rescue.

Ice sour.

Do you have ISIS there?

Iceland is Iceland.

Right.

Is that what you mean?

Is, is?

Ice ice baby?

Do you have ice ice baby?

We have, we don't have many children and you know, we have to name them according to the naming committee.

Oh, okay.

About this.

If you have a baby in Iceland, like my name is Hekla for crochet.

Cause that's what my mother did when I was born.

Hello.

My name's Dash Grabham.

Hello.

Are we saying our names?

I guess so.

Andy, do you want to go ahead?

Hi, I'm Andy Richter.

Oh.

And you're here to, to, it's on an information campaign?

Yes.

To spread the news that don't come to Iceland if you are stupid.

If you haven't mastered gravity or if you're stupid.

If you are bad at being in the world, because you will plummet to your death.

Can I ask you a question?

Anything.

Seeing as you're in search and rescue, wouldn't teaching tourists to not fall to their deaths be bad for business?

We do not get paid.

We are all volunteers.

The entire Icelandic search and rescue team are volunteer citizens.

I was a dentist, but search and rescue has taken over full time because so many dummies are dying.

No.

Oh, sorry.

I thought you were saying something.

You said no.

No, I got a little scared.

I'm sorry.

Sometimes I don't know whether you're, you're making a guttural sound as in clearing your throat to start a sentence or whether you're ending a sentence.

That was one that I thought you were ending or starting.

I'm very on edge because I'm constantly worried about people.

About us falling to our death.

There's no sort of hole or cliff or anything like that.

Your chair is much higher than our chairs.

Well, I'm a little bit taller.

Can you lower your chair?

I guess I can lower.

You're going to be below the mic then.

Can you just sink down a bit?

It's making me nervous.

Okay.

Now I'm down here, but pull the mic towards yourself.

No, don't do that.

The mic seems too scary.

It's pointy and it seems dangerous.

Well, I'll try to, I'll try to tilt it down.

Okay.

This is sort of the Liam Gallagher style of singing here.

You were going to say something, Dash?

I have a question.

Cause you said someone came into the gas station where you worked, but you also said you're a dentist.

So is those two different jobs?

Are you a dentist that works inside of a gas station?

Great question.

Sure.

Let's, let's say the latter.

It was a gas station when I was a teenager, but yes, I have still maintained my job in a gas station.

Is that like one of those Taco Bell Pizza Hut combo, you know, places?

Man, this country has great stuff in it.

I will say.

Which one?

Ours or yours?

Well, he's from the Canto region.

I'm from the Canto region.

Where is that again?

Is that, which continent is that one?

Mm-hmm.

Huh?

Yep.

Is it European or is it, it is, uh, no, is it Asia?

It's in the Canto region.

So now which, which, which country are you talking about that has a wonderful, uh, The U.S.

USA.

You were saying it's got like the Taco Bell that sells something else?

Yeah.

That's pretty cool to me.

Oh, I have not seen one of those, but it sounds delightful.

Is there anything hot or scary or dangerous in there?

Well, you know, they have deep fryers.

Yeah.

How many accidents?

Frequently, there's a Kentucky Fried Chicken.

So it's, they will call them Ken Taco Huts.

Cause it's Kentucky Fried Chicken, a Taco Bell and a Pizza Hut.

A Taco Bell and a Pizza Hut.

We have huts as well.

They're mountain huts.

Last year, three tourists died inside of it after trying to do a promposal video, where they tried to do a promposal.

What is a promposal?

Cause you, I propose you go to prom with me?

Yeah.

Yes.

I ask you to go to prom.

It's a promposal.

They try to viral video it.

It's a trend from America, I'm told.

And these three teenagers huddled in the huts to do the promposal, to wait for the woman who was going to come up for the man to ask.

She did not go up the hike because she was smart.

And those three men stayed there with no food or water and they plummeted to their death.

Let me try to figure out what happened.

They were in a hut and they were waiting and then they plummeted to their death.

It's a dangerous country.

Right.

They probably went out looking for food and just fell.

I don't.

I can't begin to speculate.

But those are the huts we have is your pizza hut similar to this?

I don't think people are starving to their death in our pizza huts.

I think they're quite the opposite.

They're in fact widening so big that you may need an ultra ball.

I see.

So this place is Shafer.

There are no restaurants where I'm from.

I have a question.

There are no restaurants?

Not that I've found.

So there, but there's food.

I mean, I've never seen any.

You've, do you not eat?

I mean, sometimes I feed the Pokemon, but now that I think about it, where I'm from, I've never personally, I mean, potions.

No, I haven't.

I've given it to them.

I've never eaten anything.

Never eaten.

Why have you been inside these Taco Bell pizza huts?

Well, here, it's, I mean.

It's different here.

Yeah.

So what are the, what are the tips you have for, for not plummeting to one's death?

Stay here.

Stay, stay in America.

Don't come.

So you just don't want anyone.

You don't want tourism.

Please stay here.

We have too many.

You have too many people in Iceland.

Our country, our population is maybe 200,000 and our tourism is maybe 2 million every year.

Right.

People are pooping on the side of the road.

There's fire videos.

You can look them up of strangers just pooping because there's not enough restrooms.

So there's, there's corpses.

Yeah, Andy's looking up these videos.

You're not going to be able to do this inside the ultra ball.

Hold on.

On the rain road.

So people are pooping.

You've never pooped?

I don't know.

You can come to Iceland.

I don't know if there's any bathrooms where I'm from.

You seem very safe.

You don't eat food and you don't cheat, so you can come.

I mean, where do you get your energy?

I just kind of have it.

I feel like I go into a town.

There's a place to make the Pokemon come back to life.

There's a place to store the Pokemon.

Sometimes there's like a business to investigate, but there's no bathroom.

And there's no restaurants.

Are there, are there taverns?

There's a couple Italian restaurants now that I think about it.

They're run by a boss named Giovanni and he's a bad guy, but you can't eat at any of them.

Right.

You can just visit with him?

Yeah.

Okay.

So you, you don't poop.

And you would never, for instance, try to take a big gulp in your mouth out of a 300 foot waterfall.

Would you ever do that?

That happens a lot in Iceland.

Take a gulp in my mouth out of a 300 foot waterfall?

Like open your mouth like you are a tiny baby bird to get a drink from a waterfall and then get smashed to death by the difficult waterfall.

Are you just like, is the waterfall off for a second and then you get under it?

All these people tip their heads up like baby chickens looking to the sky and they position themselves and move into the waterfall.

The very powerful moving waterfall.

Very powerful because they think the sides of it will be less powerful.

Do they test it out with their hands first?

Some do, some are dumb and the ones that are dumb then get smashed in the face and body.

Smashed in the face with powerful, powerful falling water.

Andy is watching something that is delighting him right now.

Yeah.

I'm reading something.

Is it about the pooping toast?

She's not kidding.

What is it exactly?

It is just from guidetoiceland.is.

I-S.

That is I-S.

That's right.

Dot I-S.

And this is like what bothers Icelanders against, uh, about tourism.

Right.

Number five travelers defecating anywhere and everywhere.

Yeah.

And apparently, yeah, people are just pooping everywhere and it says in bold type, bring plastic bags with you and pick up your poo.

Yes.

I understand that in Los Angeles, you guys can do it for your fucking dogs everywhere you go.

You all have so many.

That's what it says.

That is a good point.

Yesterday I was in a Trader Joe's and there were more dogs than black people in there.

And I said, this is a problem.

You would prefer there to be more black people than dogs or?

Yes.

They need healthy food.

As a ratio of the population, a hundred percent.

Yeah.

Yes.

That's what I would want.

Wait, this is wild to me though, because you're telling me that Americans are going there and pooping on the side of the road because it seems to me that Americans, from what I've gathered, love bathrooms and love like very specifically like what bathrooms they can and cannot go.

Yes.

Very clean ones.

I mean, isn't it incumbent upon your country to build more bathrooms if, if people are just pooping everywhere?

Well, you see what's interesting is that every single year, the entire interior of our country, I'm talking 85% of our landmass freezes over into a death scape of ice and snow.

People still live there.

We have to plow and thaw that every year.

We also have to maintain all of our conservation efforts.

We have to ship in all of our food and any type of produce.

We are fully self-sustained and every child from the age of nine years old is able to save someone, a drowning victim.

So we kind of have a fucking lot on our plate right now, Scott.

And we have enough of a handful just dealing with our own way of life.

There's also fucking wolves in here.

I understand you all don't have wolves anymore.

You chase them all out.

So only Canada has wolves.

So if you had wolves, if you guys had wolves, maybe you wouldn't have so many opinions about bathrooms.

I beg your pardon.

I mean, we do have more black people than wolves.

So that's a start right there.

Right.

Are they in the Trader Joe's or are there wolves in the Trader Joe's?

There's no wolves in Trader Joe's.

There are definitely more black people than wolves in Trader Joe's.

Okay.

Well, that's progress.

Look, we need to do our final feature here on the show.

And it's one of our favorite ones.

Andy, you're going to love this one.

I love it.

I don't know what it is yet, but I love it.

And this is going to be the last thing that you remember upon this earth.

This is a little something called Plugs.

I cannot believe with all the content you received.

It's the one.

Beautiful.

Oh, melodic.

That was Plug Job by Filthy Pilgrims.

There's some good harmonies in there.

They're really, you like harmonies?

Sure.

Wow.

All right.

Well, what are we plugging guys?

Andy, of course, we have the Conan show.

The Conan show.

Yeah.

I saw you on Twitter.

You were trying to throw your hat in the proverbial ring to become the new Jeopardy host.

Oh, that would be great.

Yeah.

What now?

Why do you want to do this?

It's easy.

It's fun.

What's fun about it?

I like game shows.

Yeah.

You've been, I mean, you were on Jeopardy a couple of times.

I've been on Jeopardy a couple of times.

And you thought the person who reads the things, that would be fun to do.

Sure.

What happened to the last person from Jeopardy?

No, it's Alex Trebek.

He believes he may step down in a year and a half or so.

Yeah.

And by step down, I mean plunge to his death.

Oh, that's what I was worried about.

Anything else you want to plug?

Oh, what else am I doing?

Well, I'm the voice of Globby on Big Hero 6 on the Disney Channel.

So you do know about Big Hero 6.

Let's hear Globby's voice.

Uh, you've been hearing it the entire time.

Okay.

This is it.

It's not a real stretch.

So when you say you want jobs that are easy.

Oh yeah, yeah, yeah.

Come on.

I mean, like yours.

Fair point.

Yeah.

Come on.

Anything else?

Vote.

Yeah.

Vote Democratic.

Sure.

There you go.

Yeah.

Alright.

On a serious note.

Okay.

Hekla, you're sort of anti-plugging.

Yes, please.

You're not plugging.

Don't come.

Go anywhere else.

Please.

I hear France is the tits.

Please go there.

And people can shit if they want there.

It's le tits.

They can what?

They can shit if they want.

I hear France has an open defecation policy.

So enjoy that.

And then a safe activity you can do while you stay your asses at home is you can listen to podcasts.

There's a great podcast on Stitcher Premium called the Supergroup.

Supergroup.

The Supergroup.

Yes.

And it's music and comedy and people forming a new band every episode to write a song.

And then they talk about it in a funny way.

But the songs are not funny.

They are just good.

And they have a week to create, to write and record a new song every single week.

Yes.

And a professional recording studio like the one we're sitting in right now.

Right.

Well, I wouldn't, I don't know if this is a professional one.

Well, it does it.

It serves its purpose.

Somebody's making money.

You know, there wasn't a dumpster right outside the window.

So it's, you know, it's a step up.

It's not like there was a budget for Abbey Road or anything.

So we take what we can get.

Sure.

Dash, what do you have to plug?

Well, if you're not in France, maybe you're in Scotland because I recently heard that in Scotland there's a show called Voldemort and the Teenage Hogwarts Musical Parody going on in the Edinburgh French Festival.

You could probably go watch it if you happen to be there through the end of August.

It's playing there.

Oh my goodness.

That sounds fun.

It's pretty fun if you like Harry Potter stuff, which I do because I am 12.

Yeah.

The Boy Who Lived.

Hmm?

The Boy Who Lived, I said.

Spoilers, I haven't finished it yet.

Okay.

It's, you know, if he lives or not.

No, it's pretty much page one.

Well, yeah, at that point he's the boy who is alive.

But what about at the end if he doesn't live anymore, Scott?

Okay.

Well, I got news for you.

Everybody dies.

Is that true?

Yeah.

Even Harry Potter will die eventually.

I don't seem to get older as long as I get alive.

Oh, that's true.

I don't know if I will.

I seem to be perpetually 12.

Yeah.

And yet you haven't finished Harry Potter in all the time you've been 12.

I've been so busy.

Yeah, that's true.

Finding places to sleep.

And if you do want more podcasts, maybe check out Off Book, the improvised musical.

The improv- yes, Off Book.

That's a show where people improvise a musical right in the spot.

This is unlike Supergroup where they have a week to do this thing.

Yeah, they write it out good.

But you guys- And this one is the one where they make it up not good.

But you guys do it seven times as fast so some could argue that you are more talented.

I mean, always forward, always going fast.

Look, I want to plug, Hey, if you're a fan of Threedom, the show that Paul F, Tompkins and Lauren Lapkus and I do, we have new t-shirts in the store.

Suckin' on chili dog shirts.

You can go to podswag.com slash threedom to get those.

And that's all the plugs.

Let's close up the old plug bag.

Whoa, what a bag.

It's time to open it.

It's time to open the bag.

Andy, you look confused.

I'm also confused.

Yeah, because that was a terrible theme for closing the bag.

I know.

I don't know how it happens to us every year.

Somehow we sit down to record the closing of the plug bag theme and we only sing about opening it.

Yeah.

Weird.

I don't know.

Yeah, weird.

What were you going to say, Dash?

That was my question as well.

You'd think one of your listeners would make a closing bag.

You would think, but no one's ever attempted it before.

Well, guys, yes.

Also make a closing for Iceland's borders.

Make a song about it.

Close up Iceland's borders.

If anyone has a theme to close Iceland's borders.

Close borders.

It's like a...

Now that is a catchy thing to say.

Closing borders.

Build that wall.

All right, guys, that's going to do it for us.

Andy, thank you so much.

Always great to see you.

Good to see you, Scott.

Thank you.

And of course, Hecla, good luck in your quest to close all your borders.

Thank you.

Don't come here.

And Dash Grabham, you're always an interesting fellow.

I hope you get your mojo back, as Austin Powers once said.

Thanks, Scott.

I'm going to take Andy Richter on adventures around the world.

Yeah, OK.

What?

Let's open up your Ultra Ball.

No, you're not going to do it.

Wow.

OK, we'll see you next time.

We'll never see Andy again.

Thanks.

Bye.
