---
layout: page
title: 562. Max Silvestri, Matt Besser, Joe Wengert [https：⧸⧸cloudfront.wolfpub.io⧸CBB-562-20180822-Silvestri-DTBv01-PW.mp3].mp3.wav
category: cbb 
---

♪ Comedy Bang Bang ♪ Keep your privates private and your notaries public.

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang. Thank you to Slam Chops. Slam Chops for that wonderful catchphrase submission. First time we've been hearing from Slam Chops, I believe. Hopefully that is the first of many more, as that will not be our permanent catchphrase, unfortunately, as I did not like it all that much. But thank you to Slam Chops.

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang for another week. Scott Aukerman, your host, and what an exciting week from the world of politics. Coming up we will have Roman D'Ogrotes will be here. Roman D'Ogrotes will be here from the world of politics, which I believe is planet earth.

But first of all, let's get to our guest of honor. Is that a fair description of your place in the lineup? I mean, I asked you to call me that. Great. My team emailed you. And who's in your team, by the way? And we'll introduce you in a second. Let's run down the people. Who do we have?

Well, there's a guy that knows how to make bombs. There's that guy. Doug is the bomb guy.

And there's the guy who diffuses them as well. He knows which wires to cut.

It's a zero sum team where we build bombs and then we take them apart and then one person emails in advance. And then the other person deletes emails. Yeah, you just want to leave everything just where you found it. Inbox zero is our whole philosophy on that team. He has a wonderful special of approximately 15 minutes worth of material coming out on Netflix. It's called or it's one of the episodes of the comedy lineup part two. Yes. Part two. I'm going to take you to part two as big audio dynamite once said. It was my idea for them to call it that. Was it? Oh. They were going to give all the comics like individual titles, individual names that kind of reflected the material or their personality. But I was like, what if we batch these in seven or eight at a time and call it the comedy lineup and then just say which part it is. And I agree with this because I, and I've gone on record with this before. I don't like spoilers in titles. So as far as I'm concerned, this is even too much of a spoiler. I think it should be called Netflix and everything on Netflix should be called Netflix. And like maybe if you had to Netflix, number one, Netflix, number two, right, right. And that way you just, you don't know what you're going to get. And it's like, everything is a surprise, right? Yeah. I don't like knowing who's going to be in the things.

I hate that. So fun. When someone comes on screen, you're like, I had no idea. I had no idea. Idris Elba is James Bond. I don't even like knowing his real name to be honest. I hate that. Oh my God.

So I'm glad you're with me on this, but I will give people the information, I guess that they need in order to search it out. The comedy lineup part two.

I guess the title is just your name.

Max Silvestri used just, it'll be my name. Yeah. You, you, uh, I wanted to introduce you, I'm so sorry. It's okay. It's just the episode title. We haven't said my name yet. Yeah. We don't know who you are. Although you did say it is my name.

Max Silvestri is here. Hello, Max.

Hi, Scott. How are you? Pleasure to have you on the show.

This is your first time. I believe.

Is that correct? Yes. It's very exciting. But hopefully not the last, um, uh, do you want to do first and last while you're here, almost like a renting an apartment. So we'll do it. We'll do an episode immediately after this one. That'd be great. I'd like it to be kind of like a weepy kind of goodbye episode where we settle a lot of our shit we've had over the years. And that's not to say you're only going to do two episodes. We could do several more in between, but I think it's only polite to do first and last. Well, I never want to come back and have the stress of this. Is this my last, I feel like that'll put attention on an otherwise fun afternoon. I actually now want to do this with every guest. Um, and so I just can have a year, whatever I decide to hang it up. I've already recorded a year's worth of just final Bette Midler singing songs to be types of episodes.

Um, Max, it's a pleasure to have you. You're one of America's, uh, nay, the world's finest comedians.

Thank you. Uh, now the, the last, uh, I spoke to you and I'm guessing this was, uh, at the, uh, corporate premiere or not premiere, but screening. Uh, was this the last time I like physically spoke to you? I believe. I don't even know. Maybe at, uh, Nick Kroll's birthday party. Okay. But, uh, in that previous conference, uh, conversation that I mentioned, uh, you had just been on the road opening for friend of the show, John Mulaney. Yes. He did quite a world tour this year. He did a world tour and you were, you were opening for him every single, uh, every, uh, they're not episodes, right? When, um, when you do a show, I mean, we always call the show, the comedy lineup part, and then what number of the tours. So it was like one through one 60. And a lot of times the audiences were a little confused why it was called that who was going to be on stage. Then John would come out and they go, Oh, I like him. Oh, kind of spoiler that it's comedy, but, uh, I wish this had been called show. Well, that's the unfortunate part about having any kind of a career. It's a spoiler for, unless you're Jim Carrey suddenly trying, you know, to do a drama with eternal sunshine. Yes. You know, he comes out on screen and everyone's like, ah, spoiler comedy. And then no, it's, he's doing drama. And that's the surprise, you know, you're, you're, you're Adam Sandler, you're punch drunk. Oh, he's, he's mad instead of happy or whatever.

I personally think that every TV show and movie should have actors in it who have never done any other project and then they should retire. Right. So it's almost first and last for them, because then there's no spoilers. They could be the people we've never seen them in anything else.

I think the ideal TV show and movie that Netflix should have should just be like live feeds of like, uh, party bars in like college towns.

And you've never seen any of these people before. They don't know that there's cameras are there.

They're just having drinks with friends.

There's no good audio. And then the bar blows up at the end and they're all dead.

Have I told you about my show though? Party bar that I have in development because this is very, very close. Can we can, can this be lifted out? So this doesn't spoil anything. We'll definitely lift this out. Yes. Okay. Great. 160. Did you do 160 performances? Yeah. That's too many.

It was a lot. It was a lot. Um, sometimes we do two at night, so then you could have a day off. So it wasn't like that many days, but, um, it was very fun. We got to go to a lot of cool towns.

What's the coolest town in, let's say, first of all, the USA and then the world.

Ooh, wow. The world. Ugh. Well, USA, um, I think like Louisville might've been my new surprise.

I know. Like a lot of other great cities. I've been to new Orleans, places like that, but Louisville, I'd never been. And I don't believe I've ever been either. Um, they make the bats. They have the sluggers. Does everyone carry one around in Louisville? Like, I mean, not in their hands. They have these kinds of like holsters, you know, like scabbards, mesh backpacks that like teens have. Oh sure. The see-through ones now? Yeah. The bats are in those.

I'm a big fan of those. And the reason why they exist.

Yeah. And then there was also an underground, uh, like salt mine that I took a tour of.

Whoa. It was still operable? No, someone bought like an abandoned salt mine. It was like, I'm going to turn this into like a fun Wonderland theme park, but ultimately it's a mine under the ground and it's very depressing. And I just got an ATV ride through it and it was empty. Could you lick the walls for fun sort of like Charlie and the Chocolate Factory or you could, but it was, um, I mean, I think of chocolate as tasting good and a lot of these walls, um, weren't good. They weren't good when you tasted them. Yeah. Okay. But salty, salty as fuck, salty and chalky. Um, I mean, uh, a man in the back of the cave did make me an offer. If I told him the secrets of the cave that I could have as many bikes as I wanted, I don't remember what happened. That's so strict.

Wait, you don't remember what happened after that? No, in the movie. Yeah.

Um, I don't remember a bikes, uh, part of that. What is Charlie offered? Charlie, uh, Charlie's, I mean, he drinks that fizzy stuff, right? And then he goes flying around like Superman.

Doesn't he? And then, cause his grandpa peer pressures him.

Although I guess you're flying around like Superman, he kind of floats up on farts and that's not how I think of Superman.

I think of Superman is flying so directly where he wants to go quickly. I remember the Christopher Reeves Superman. He was farting a lot as I recall slowly lifting up. You will believe a man can fart and fly. I think was the tagline. Um, now, uh, so, so, uh, coolest in the USA is Louisville.

And then, uh, what do you have in the world? Because what other continents did you go do?

You know, I realized I oversold the world tornness of it.

Uh, Canada was the, I mean, that's part of North America. So who, um, never went to, uh, the UK. We didn't, we didn't, we didn't go to the UK. We didn't. Yeah. How about Australia? You know, I feel like there's a lot of other countries you could list that we wouldn't have gone to because it was, it was just North America. I mean, we did, we did 40 shows in Haiti. Oh, okay.

In a day. In a day. And was that too help out there? Was that to help out the red cross? You know, giving, raising money would have been the good move. Uh, ultimately you took money. Yeah, yeah, no. Um, we sold tickets and then that money used to pay for things that he and I needed.

Right. Like, uh, the, I noticed you're wearing a lot of fancy jewelry right now. Exactly. Just diamond bracelets. Like, uh, normally I would say four would be too much. It's not that I bought all of these, like many of these were bartered for in Haiti, you know, because I had fresh water and rattled your jewelry. As John Lennon once said, didn't he? He did say that. I think him. What do you think of him? Huh? I miss him. Where'd he go?

First of all, I think as musicians go, he was pretty good.

Yes. And as people go, I'm not sure.

I don't know where I stand on him. I think it was nice that he spooned his wife. That is very nice, but did he only do it on camera? Like, was she like, John, I wish you would spoon me.

Suddenly the rolling stone photographers. Sure. And now you're spooning me. This is crazy that we're having like a Yoko Ono impression off.

Cause we're both. Yeah, exactly. I, uh, I have to say before I started, I was like, got to make sure not to do this the way that we'll make it offensive. Let's make it an abstract harpy wife, uh, offensive in a different way.

Sure. Sure. Uh, what do you have? Uh, these, these, uh, these things seem to be these 15 minutes specials. Uh, they're, uh, uh, uh, it's a new idea.

Netflix is doing, you obviously have more than 15 minutes of material, although I do. How long did you do when you opened for John?

I would do like about 25 or so with John and I do have more, I mean, for the Netflix thing, I actually did a couple jokes multiple times. I was just, stuff was working and I was like, it's like a, let's just put it in again, put it in again.

And they were like, we can edit it and have play that. And I was like, no, no, I'll do new versions of it. Right. You know, I think what they're trying to do, which I appreciate is like, it's, it's obviously a big commitment to watch.

They have so many one hour specials and it's like, I don't, if you're not a fan of someone, are you going to give that time having worked with them?

They seem, uh, very concerned about people, uh, finishing things to completion, which there's gotta be a better way of saying that, but they insist on that language. You're going to talk about it. They always want someone to have an orgasm at the precise moment. The credits start right. Right. And then fully empty themselves, which is when you see that countdown clock in the lower right hand corner of 12, 11, 10, they want you to come the minute that it switches over to the next program. I usually come more than 15 seconds, like just the full, the start to finish. So I'm like, this is killing me. Someone told me recently that when a man, I would presume, uh, uh, uh, uh, what's the word you use for it comes, uh, that, uh, uh, his sphincter contracts five times to five times the smallness or five times like one, two, three, four, five, one, two, three, four, five. I, I, I couldn't say whether, uh, the third one is more intense than the first or whether they decrease in intenseness. It's a bell curve of, uh, but now that's all I can think about is I count them down. Right. Five, four, three, two, one. All right. So it's beforehand or during, are you tapping your foot?

I'm tapping my foot. Yes, exactly. This is a good tune. So I want to do it. I want to do it, uh, at new years with five seconds to go. I like orgasms. I can tap my foot too. I like a beat when I'm sure. Um, so what do you have? What kind of material do we have? Uh, is, uh, uh, all thematic. Are you saving that for your hour or half hour or, you know, uh, because it's short.

I appreciate the, uh, I know you're a student and a fan of the craft, so I appreciate you asking start with your second best joke and with your best.

Exactly. That's all I know about.

Never thanked the host. Uh, of course not. Yeah. Especially not in a special with the host. Um, I did, uh, I opened with five minutes about the, uh, off camera, uh, warmup guy. So I don't know how that's going to play internationally. And you only did the 15 minutes and said, I don't know what you could do with that. And you walked away. I walked away. Yeah. They're like, you have two more minutes. We can edit it down. Um, you know, it's a, it's a little bit of like, get to know me sort of material. Uh, and then I point of view, as they say in the business, sometimes they say POV, which a lot of people are confused by and they, then they don't ask anyone about it and they just live their lives in confusion.

Yeah. That's why I, when I talk about point point of view, I talk about big P dot O dot V dot. So people know that it stands for something else. Um, so, uh, yeah, I talk about, um, myself that, uh, I'm, uh, uh, uh, you know, just, um, I'm a guy, I'm a straight guy that is nervous about other straight guys. And then I tell long stories long. So, okay. So five minutes of short, it's just like staccato material. Exactly. And then super long stories like clowering stairs, like the end of each one line or just demanding laughs from the audience in this adversarial way. I love your style.

You have one of the most distinct, unusual, most unusual styles in the biz. I'm one of America's most unsettling up and coming comedians. You really made me nervous that I was going to be attacked. I thought I was in trouble.

Like I thought he don't know about something clutching my, the whistle I have around my neck.

I'm going to do hand those whistles out because there has been a situations where people don't know how to like, you know, let them let other people know they're unsafe. And now I like those, you know, I like those little whistles and I'm holding up a pen right now. Sure. Those whistles that, uh, uh, Bobby's in the UK use and they sound like, and they sound very pleasant, like a normal whistle that, that has the fat and the sort of circular, uh, end to it. You know, I call them American whistles and American whistle because I'm American. Yeah. Yeah. What do they call a Chinese food in China? I know your old joke. Um, but you know, the, the, the American whistle has the rectangle, a box in it and you blow it at peach pit in it or whatever. Yeah. And it sounds so unpleasant. And then you got those, those little tiny like toot toot whistles that are like, this is something I've never thought about. And it's like, you know, it's a whistle. It's getting your attention like a whistle, but it's not that just garish sounds like the American whistle. You know, it's not the Bobby's voice. You're like, there's no way he could do that. There's no way because, uh, is he saying toot toot? No, I believe, I believe that is a whistle sound.

Is it to get the attention of other Bobby's? It could be, it could be, it could be, uh, uh, for that singular purpose of no one else in the UK has this type of whistle. So if you hear this whistle, it's a Bobby or we're calling to other Bobby's. It's like a Bobby mating call. Is that right? It gets all the Bobby's horny in the area. So they're like going where the noise is coming from. Are they regulated? You think like, um, putting lights on top of your car in America where like other people can't have Bobby whistles? Yeah, it could be, I don't know. I mean, there's a, look, I'm just workshopping material right now. So, and you're such a good comedian. I need this fleshed out basically. And this is why I do the podcast.

When I came in here, I had 15 minutes of material and now I've got 18. So, uh, let's get Netflix on the phone. Uh, the comedy lineup part two. Uh, it's, it's an exciting time to be a fan of comedy and to see a short bursts of it. Uh, who else is in this? Uh, do we want to give them any pre you're the one who showed up. We don't have to talk about anyone else if you don't want to. They're welcome to come here into the studio and say their own name. If they're brave enough. There's a lot of very funny people on it. It's a bunch of cowards and yourself. Exactly. Uh, I'm the only one that's willing to stand up and say, Hey, I've got a special. These people are hiding. What are they hiding? What are these people hiding? This is a question you're asking it. Not me, Scott.

Um, but, uh, yeah. And I think it's, you know, it's quick. It's 15 minutes. I encourage people to watch it while they're driving. You can hook your phone up to your cars. I mean, yeah. Glance at me.

I'm doing some act outs, but ultimately it's an audio medium. Yeah, exactly. Um, and, and how does one end of 15 minutes special? Like, I, this is what I was wondering on the way here. Are you triumphant at the end of it?

You know what I mean? Like when you watch John Mulaney's special after an hour, it's like, Oh my God. Wow. We went through something. I did. I entertained you for a long period of time.

Yeah. But how do, how does each comedian kind of end this of just like, okay, thanks. You know what I mean? It's like a reasonable amount of comedy that would, yeah. Okay. Thank you. Thank you. Um, well there's like a, there's a timer on the screen for each specialist. It starts at 15 minutes and it cuts out hard. Um, no matter what you may be in the middle of something.

Yeah. Your, your, your sphincter, uh, clinches 15 times over the course of the special. Uh, and then you're done. You're fully empty. No. Yeah. I mean, you just, you end on a joke, but it doesn't feel like you have to be like, and that's why I think, uh, divorce should be illegal or whatever. You don't have to have a big. But do people applaud and then credit start going? What, you know what I mean? It almost seems like it should just cut to black, like the Sopranos or something. You know what I mean? It just, it doesn't seem like the end of anything. I know it's like, and also like, these were taped. It's not like people bought tickets and then sat down for 15 minutes show and then like, Oh wow. Why did we hire a babysitter? This is, um, this is crazy. We could have just left our kid in the car. You tape them all in succession with the other comedians. We did a couple nights. So like, you know, a show would be like six or seven comics. They would do a bit of a reset and be, could try to get the audience to be like, make it seem like you've just seen something worthy of your time. But the hope is that they just, people just keep watching.

Just keep watching. Yeah, exactly. I think it would have been cool of you to wear a different shirt in both on both nights and then they keep cutting back and forth and people are like, why is it, why is his shirt changing? Um, I wear colored contacts for one of the shows and I don't think the editors picked it up, but it's a little bit of an Easter egg for the super fans to see how it's cut together. All right, well, uh, the comedy lineup part two, I'm looking forward to this. I definitely want to, uh, hear, uh, Jesus Christ. Did you hear that? What was that? Max?

Was that you? Is that you doing that? It is not. Is that a police Bobby? I know what a whistle sounds like. Even European whistles and positive. Excuse me, sir.

Someone broke the window in the studio.

I think is there glass on my jewelry? Oh no. You don't want anyone to confuse your jewelry for glass. Oh, that would be horrible. This is a conflict. I'm in the class. Excuse me, sir.

Are you? You, you threw your baseball bat into the studio.

No, it's a baseball bat. You threw a baseball baseball.

Very rare. You threw a big bat.

Oh, that's the famous Louisville sluggy, which is the ball that's hit by a slugger. Yeah.

You want your sluggy, sir? Why are you throwing your sluggy into, into the windows? You were practicing, catching a baseball off the side of my building. Why would, why do you have to practice that? Just do it. Just throw a baseball onto the side of the building.

Asshole. Did you just say, Hey asshole. Yes. Yes. You're right here. Yeah. It's a busy, sir. Yeah. Okay. So I know of Paul Scheer. Yeah. Cool. Uh, do you want, uh, do you want your base?

Your sluggy back? Paul's not around right now. We have, do you know Max O'Vestry?

No twice, twice as long on Netflix. Oh, okay. But you do know someone who has an eight minute special on Hulu. Okay. Here. Uh, wait, do you see a sluggy down on the ground somewhere?

I'm not sure. Bounce it off the glass. What did that work for a while? Where you were coming? You're very far. You're you're too. Come inside, please. But I don't, I'm not good close up. What does that? You're not good close up. What does that mean? Good close.

Well, I don't need to be in a brag, but I'm a far away actor. You're an actor. I am. I'm a far away actor. What a far away actor. Max, have you heard about, I mean, I, I mean, I, I feel like there's actors are usually miked. I don't know. So it feels like some sort of lavalier. Do you have a lavalier on sir? Don't need it. I project I'm a far away actor. You're a far away. You'll never see me as a lead in a movie, but you say a line, but they don't then cut in closer to you. It's mostly big scenes. I've said, uh, uh, like, uh, here comes the monster. Here comes the, what, what line is that from that? I'm that's not ringing a bell. I've done that in a million movies. I've been in the whole, every transformer movie. Oh, look at that thing. Change and transform. Wow. You almost have the titular line. Yeah.

That's a big moment. That's like a trailer line. These things are really transformers. Uh, what is your name, sir? Daniel far away.

Daniel far away. I believe I've heard of Daniel Faraday, but Daniel far away. Don't bring up that name. I don't want to get into this. That's by lineage. We tried to change our name at Ellis Island. Oh, okay. Get away from our time traveling past. I just don't want to get into that.

Now, was it like a, was it like someone at Ellis Island changed the name, like mishearing? Like they were like, are you saying Faraday? And you're like, no far away. Or you made the, your family made the choice. The time traveling legacy.

Right? Yeah. There was a lot of bigotry against time travelers. There was, I mean, yeah, because it's like, you never know if the money they're using is yeah. They were taking all our jobs from before taking all our own jobs by going back and getting hired. I must not have a job because he took it in the past. Oh, funny.

How many times have you fucked your own mom? Took me 20 times before she told me. Oh no.

Who, who is, what is your mom's name? Diana Faraday.

Okay. So, but you knew that and then you still had sex with your mother.

So she went back in time to have sex with you when you're young? You guys not getting this?

I'm no, I'm sort of getting it. I, this is a very, give me my baseball bag.

Here. If you can find your sluggy, then, then go ahead and pick it up and get out of here.

I'm not really comfortable. Oh, okay. God. Thank you.

Comfortable around mics. That's just not easy. Be it. I can barely.

You can barely talk because a mic is next to your face.

Look, if you need to back off the mic, I would rather have you do that than do whatever that was. What is the audition process like when you get, it feels like you're not good close.

Are you offer only or are you, are you a, please start out as a background actor.

Right. I look like a background. That's what I first thought you were saying is, is a far away actor, meaning a background extra, meaning you don't have lines and you just kind of walk through it. Start the day with no lines. Oh, okay.

Right. But then I'll find a way in the middle of the movie to go say something and maybe the director likes it. Keeps it in.

Right. That's happened to me a few times on it happened to me on the bang bang television show.

You get background background workers. What do you call them? Background players.

The background players is my theater company. Yes, of course. That was originally what the SNL cast was called. Right. You know, you just interject something. You're like, get out of here, Christopher Robin. And we would have that several times where we would say, okay, it's fine that they're saying whatever they're saying because we're not using their audio or whatever. And then they come up to you afterwards and they go, Hey, I'm going to get paid for my line. Right. That I, that I said, I've heard that most, most Hollywood stars and a lot of them don't like to talk about this. The way they got started was they were assertive background players, interjecting the right thing at the right time riffing on the main actor's last line in the scene. I believe it happened to us once where we said, all right, we'll keep it where it was.

All right. We hired our Jack Nicholson impersonator who we'd had a few times and he just kept mumbling. This is as good as it gets over and over. And we were like, yeah, right. His first movie, he started, he was a mile away from the set.

A full as the crow flies. No one even saw him. Yeah. What kind of lens would you even, yeah. He wasn't picked up on the lens, but it's how far away he started. Wow. That's amazing. And what did he, what did he, yeah. So each scene he was a little closer. The next movie, he was three quarters of a mile away. You got to work your way up. Next movie is like half a mile away. I haven't been able to work by one pass out 100 yards.

You know, 100 yards is where you're at.

I'm just not a good actor. I can't do any lines. I don't know what it's more annoying listening to him far away or close. I have a guess. I think it's close. Um, so I mean, Marlon Brando eventually got right up in those mics and he said, he said famous lines, like, I'm going to make you an offer. You can't refuse. And, uh, what are his other lines?

Yeah. Could have been a contender. That's a great word.

Could you say that?

I can do that from far away. I can. I could have been a contender, but watch as I get closer.

Could have been a contender. I could have been a contender.

Okay. That's the line. Yeah. About 12 inches from the mic is where you start to okay. Backup, backup, sir. Backup, sir. Okay. Much better.

Okay. It's interesting that you've chosen film and not like TV. Just cause I feel, I think of film is such stage.

Yes. Film is a closeup medium. It's about closeups. People tend to whisper.

Wow. You don't know much about film and TV. I guess films are most, are the places you have big scenes outside where I could be far away. Well, films, multi-camp sitcom films these days.

I do have to say with these pop, I don't know if you've heard of these, these popcorn films.

Oh my God. Yeah. Yeah. Like, uh, you, like you were talking about transformers. It's like, you know, a robot battling a superhero these days. And it's like, you know, I, Hey watch out don't fall into the dead pool. Did you try that one on Deadpool?

Yeah. I didn't know the script very well. Yeah, no, he got cut. Yeah.

What is this? The dark of the moon. That was one of my favorite dark of the moon. I believe that was the third transformer film was the dark of the moon.

Was it really? Yes. Is that true? Yes.

They found more transformers on the dark side of the moon.

Why would you come and lie on this show like that? It can't be called transformers dark of the moon.

Can it? I'm like 93%. Yeah. We'll never find out. Uh, well, uh, uh, I mean, it, it must be a very difficult for you to, uh, only be able to shout. You know, that's my life. Even when I'm not active, like I'm in your personal life as well. Yeah. I'm like the guy on the bus from the back of the bus. I got something to say, you know, right. Uh, what kind of situations would the Rosa parks of faraway acting, being in the back of the bus, you mean what she never made it to the, I think she was famously someone in the front of the bus that had something to say. She did. So you in your personal life, do you, do you, are you in a relationship of some sort? Uh, we love distant relationships. Okay. I get it.

So someone in Canada or something. Oh, wait. So she, do you own a roof? We have roof talks.

Yeah. I feel like you, like if you lived in a tenement building, like with a laundry wire next to another tenant building, or this is like one of those, one of those films where like a teenager is in love with the girl next door and they have those conversations out the windows.

What do your neighbors think of this? I mean, I hope you live in just like an abandoned dirt, a lot or something like that because your neighbors must be so what I hope for you. I guess I should be, I guess I should be on your side and not these random people that I don't even know, but you did a neighbor head.

Scott, you're just so worried about these people need to sleep. I assume they work hard amongst the one percenters.

So you're on a roof and like Brentwood screaming that your Dick's hard to do.

Where do you live? Are you in town somewhere? I'm a, one of those downtown LA, uh, penthouses.

Pen houses. What do you do for, I mean, I know, but you can't be, you can't have every movie this summer, but you can't, can you really afford a penthouse on doing one line in movies? Yeah. Okay.

All right. I don't, I don't know what the residuals are like. Uh, when it comes to transformers saying one line, I know they decrease, don't they? These are blockbusters that they ever kind of movie that has like a big crowd in it with far away. That's a big budget, but I feel like the blockbusters cost a lot of money because they're paying the, they're not paying the extras millions of dollars. They're paying for special effects. They're building whole cities and things that cost money. They maybe have a lot of background actors. Sure.

But they're paying them the minimum. No offense. You're where they save money. You're where I mean, I'm yeah. Well, uh, uh, uh, Daniel, do you need to pick up your, uh, sluggy and leave or can you stick around? Uh, cause we need to take a break here. Because you've had, you're, you've been straddling the shards of glass.

I think that's a major vein and a lot of blood's coming out.

That's the main vein as they say, look, all right, we need to take a break. When we come back, we're going to have someone from the world of politics. Are you interested in politics?

Daniel? It's it's hard to vote.

It's hard to vote when you have to do far away. Do you, can you, is that allowed at the polling places to shout your vote to someone? I've tried, I've stood outside this polling place and yelled my vote inside and people arrest you for trying to intimidate voters. Deadpool, the lever.

Okay. All right. Look, we need to take a break. When we come back, we'll have more Daniel far away. More max Silvestri. We'll be right back in a moment.

Comedy. Bang, bang. We're back here. Max Silvestri the comedy lineup part two. And what an honor to be in a part two and not part one.

I know. I know. It's like, it's, you're ripping the bandaid off with part one. People like, what am I watching? And now part two, they're like, I know what I'm watching. Do you think it's like, should we watch it saying, Oh, these people are not as good as part one. Or is it like these guys now since part one have gotten as good as the people in part one? That's a great question.

Why is your voice getting so high right now? That's you know, when they, they didn't tell us what part we'd be in and when we found out which part we'd be in, um, that's the kind of question where I'm like, is this a good thing? Is this a, you know, are they, you know, are they, are they putting all the good stuff in the first part of the, and this is the detritus. A lot of, a lot of people would say, uh, the empire strikes back is better than star wars or Godfather part two is better than Godfather part one. So, you know, I think those people, Robert De Niro, he's probably pretty happy. He was in Godfather part two. If I had to guess, you know what I mean? I think he goes home at night pretty satisfied. Am I right? I think he's pretty happy. I think he's, uh, I mean, he gets a little hot under the collar around the Tony's time, you know? He's like, are they going to have, have fun at my expense? I feel like he's more sensitive. Yeah. You know, I think so too. He's a sensitive guy. Yeah. People make jokes. I think that cause there's only two parts and I think I'm maybe there will not be a part three. Not if I have anything to do with it. Yeah. I'm, I'm breaking down the whole mythology. Cause that's the other thing is each set reveals a little bit of plot about the comedy. So there is no way.

Mine won't make any sense. You can watch them out of order, but if you watch them in order, it reveals a larger plot. Well, you can watch them, um, out of order, but they won't be funny until you've seen all of them. Like, so you're getting a little slice of one laugh at the very end of all of them. If you've watched them out of order and you'll go, I see what they did there.

Right. The most satisfying, but if you want to watch them in order, lots of laughs throughout little, I mean, I don't think so. I still think it's still, it's just one. Yeah. So I think I'm like second to last. So definitely no laughs during or at the end of mine. Okay. I'm trying to work my way into some standup specials. Really? You're wait. You want to do standup? I've tried it. Do you want to actually perform standup or you want to be someone who interjects someone else doing standup? I just want to help the standup out. Like go wait for it. This is a Daniel Faraway by the way, who do, who does far away acting. Has that ever happened in a standup special where someone actually gets heckled and they keep it in? I'm trying to think I, I, that was supportive.

Well, a lot of hecklers think they're being supportive by the way. So wait, but it's kind of condescending to the comic to like, cause I'm imagining a situation where the, where the audience is like, what's going on here? This comic's not good. And you come in and say, wait for it to the audience to just be like, don't worry.

Well, here we go.

That's helpful. That is a little helpful. Standup is one of the only performative, uh, mediums in which people seem to think shouting at it helps.

I mean, I guess rock concerts. I mean, they think shouting at rock concerts is like, yeah. I mean, is that weird that we watch rock concerts and everyone just thinks it's polite to be like, yeah. At the performers. This just made me just realize that even though I obviously hate hecklers as a standup, I am the guy at rock shows that likes to find a well-timed silent breakthrough the noise. So like when the band's prepping and the audience has gotten quiet where people are like, he really has a good sense of timing of what to steal. Just in case they're recording it live and it ends up on an album. I want to hear my yeah. I also want them to hear it to know that, uh, there, there won't be any awkward silences during this smashing pumpkin show. Never, never. I'm an only child. I'm always, always pulling focus. I like to stand up and I like one of his bits. I like to channel on the bit as the standup says it. Okay. So like what, what is an example of a standup bit that, you know, and like to channel long, please, since you brought it up, I loved, I love going through famous bits. It's too funny. Oh no. Okay. Let's not do it.

No, no. Let's, let's move on from that.

We need to get to our next guest. Those are the old, is he the only standup you like Bill Cosby? He's the only one I can get into concerts these days. Oh, okay. Yeah. I can imagine like that actually would be a respite for him.

Whatever his act is. It is hard to read newspapers from far away, but if you were to get close, he's, he's, he's, he's popped up quite a bit. I do. I do think in Bill Cosby shows now. I mean, he hasn't been doing them lately lately, but the ones that he did in the last year, there were people standing up a lot and shouting at him, but not supportively. Usually it's like half town hall, half people being like, I'm so glad he's on the road again. There is a weird tension. We're just here to laugh.

All right. Well, speaking of here to laugh, we're not going to be laughing during our next guest, I believe, because this is very serious business. He is from the world of politics.

And he has a very unusual name. Let me see if I can pronounce it correctly. It's Roman Del Gro, do deal growths. Roman, please get near them. I'm standing in the doorway, but I've noticed that there's an open window that a man is straddling. Do you want me to climb over the man? I would, you, you can go right through the door. I can go through the door. Well, I mean, not like a ghost. I mean, you would have to open it and then yeah. Okay. Okay. Please don't track the blood in here. There's a lot of blood. I tried to stay away from the blood. A lot of testicle blood. I'm happy that you told me I could use the door because it seemed dicey for me to try to go through the window. Yeah. Those jagged shards are pointing upwards like a stalactites. Oh, I know there's a way to remember that. M down T up. In him down T up. M might is the bottom one.

Well, I remember it from when I was young. It was like, it might crash on my head. Is that what it is? No, it might. I might fall on it like a vampire.

What is it? It might stay on the surface of the cave forever. Too late. It's above you. Stalag might you be wrong and I'm right.

Stalag right. Okay. Let it mellow. Right. Well, speaking of mellow, welcome to the show. Roman Dielgrotz. Is that how? Dielgrotz. D apostrophe O apostrophe G R O T S. Yeah, Dielgrotz. Okay.

So just two apostrophes almost like a they event. Is that a contraction? They haven't. They haven't.

They haven't. They have not. They have not responded to the invitation. They haven't.

They haven't yet. That honestly, it's not in use a lot, but I want to start it because it's not bad.

They English language. It's a living document. It's constantly evolving. You know, things that weren't normal. Like our constitution Snapchat. That wasn't that's new.

Sure. Exactly. Welcome to the show. Roman. Yes. I'm so happy that you're able to have me here.

There's an important, as I'm sure, you know, very important midterm elections coming up in November.

Yes. By the way, this is Max. Oh, Max. Very nice to meet you. Nice to meet you too. And over here, straddling the window is Daniel Faraway. And he is a part of the show.

Not really, but sort of, he has become one. Yeah. I got a line in. I guess I'm getting paid.

We're all getting paid. Of course. Yes. I do that under the table as to not attract a lot of notice for doing a wonderful thing. So Roman, yes. Midterm elections are coming up. I'm Scott, by the way. Hello, Scott. Hello. I think we have all the introductions now, right? Scott, you've met Max. Max. You've met Daniel. Daniel. You've met me. I've met Max. I've met Daniel.

Daniel, you've met Max. What? You've met Max. Yeah. Okay.

He's looking pretty gray. He's lost a lot of blood. There's like a clamminess to his skin right now. Yeah. My God. Are you all right?

You okay? Yeah. Yeah. I'm feeling a little close. Okay.

Back up then. Yeah. Just not over that jacket. Ah, God, the other testicle. Yeah. Yeah. At least he had the one before that was our hope for him. Roman, welcome to the show. Thank you for having me. So midterm elections are coming up and you're running. I'm running for the house of representatives in the 10th congressional district of Virginia, Virginia. I am running.

That's a Commonwealth. Is it not?

It is. Yeah. One of the, I think not a state, the top Commonwealths in the whole country. Yeah. I would put it right under Pennsylvania. Right. Okay. Really?

Even though you are living there.

I'm an honest man. Well, that's honest right there. So you prefer Pennsylvania. Why don't you move there? I think it's a better Commonwealth, but I think sometimes if you live in a Commonwealth, that's not the best of the best. It gives you a little incentive to make it better. Exactly.

So there's kind of an underdog energy to you and your fellow Virginians where you know, you're not as good every Virginian has the fire in his or her belly.

They, uh, motivates us every day to maybe move to glorious Pennsylvania.

Not make Virginia better, but maybe move. Well, us news and world report only does its Commonwealth rankings every 20 years. So your, your hands are tied. If you show hoping Virginia is going to overtake Philadelphia. Listen, if Virginia was great, I wouldn't be running because we need to solve a problem in Virginia and then solve this problem in the rest of the country.

What do you like about Pennsylvania? I've never been there.

Okay. All right, Daniel, Daniel, I don't know that that's an interjection. We're not going to keep that one. I'm sorry. You're not going to get paid for that one. Well, I can explain if I can get into my platform. I'm not a single platform candidate.

You are, but wait, you're single and you have, you're a platform candidate or running on a single, Oh, voter. But are you married?

Is that you're single? I am. I am currently married. What does that mean? Currently?

We have, didn't do first and last at the wedding with my wife and I, so every day it is very intense. I don't know what, when it's going to be over.

Right. Okay. Will we or won't we that classic? Oh my God. It's like a moonlighting episode with you every single day. All right. So, what is your platform? If I may, is that, is that rude to ask? No, please. I am desperate. I never know whether you can ask a politician like that. Yeah. Some of them like to be secretive about it and make it a surprise for people that don't like to have movies spoiled or they like to have, you know, blind box items. Should we give a spoiler alert here right now? This is a huge spoiler alert if you're not familiar with my campaign. Okay.

So if people like to vote for someone without knowing what their platform is or what they're all about, spoiler alert, you're going to want to not listen to this part of the show. When I go into the ballot box, I'm just looking, I've never heard or seen any of these names before.

Like who's has the most apostrophes?

Like that's maybe how I could have decided. That could be why you want to do it. Because I'm a single issue voter and my issue is who is the most apostrophe.

I would prefer they're not to me.

There are a lot of people like you in Virginia in the 10th district. Wait, so you're not running against someone who has three apostrophes?

I am running against two, zero apostrophes or no apostrophe opponents. Right. So no incumbent Barbara Comstock and then Jen Wicks and both no apostrophes. No apostrophes nor, and not even their middle names either. You know, I don't know their middle names. I hope so because it's very exhausting to get through those names without getting to take a little break. Right. Okay. So tell us, or I shouldn't order you to do this. Let me ask you, what is your platform? Scott, are you familiar with claw foot bathtubs? Those are the kind where now bathtubs in general, sometimes they don't have feet. They they're, they're, uh, almost like amputees in a way like most bathtubs are amputees.

Yes. Uh, but these are the, uh, bathtubs with not only feet, uh, not only like peg legs, some bathtubs have peg legs, but they have little, uh, uh, things that rest upon the ground that look like feet and they're called claw foot bathtubs. They have little nails on the end.

Yes. And you trim them occasionally. Yes. You are, congratulations. You know what claw foot bathtubs are. Thank you very much. It goes back to the times when bathtubs were made out of animals.

They were made out of like animal carcasses. Yeah. Like cows. They would just like scoop out the, the guts almost as if they're a taxidermy. Yeah. After you'd eat the meat, you'd go after a big meal, eating meat, you get into the carcass and just wash off all the blood.

So it was just sort of a bloody bag. Yeah. Wash off the blood on yourself after eating meat or wash off the blood that's in the carcass. Golly guys, you clean out the carcass before you make it into a bathtub. Okay. So, but you have blood all over yourself when you're eating back in those days. Yeah. Oh, okay. Back in those days. I don't know a lot about those days, Daniel. So you were almost constantly covered in blood and dirt and human excrement and human excrement. What about the animal excrement that you would stay away from that? Uh, both types I would think you'd be covered. I didn't specify. Right. My issue is I want to put shoes on all claw foot bathtubs.

You want to put shoes on. In my opinion, the most important issue facing our country right now and in November of 2018. So now and in November. Now I don't see it changing. I see it staying steady. And then, you know, when I do see it stop being an issue about a year or two into my term, when I'm able to get shoes on every claw foot bathtub.

Shoes. Now, uh, I am open to that. So are some of those I will have to do into my research. I'll have to research into that. But see, I'm very anti sandals on my whole thing with, cause I agree. I'm really glad a politician is finally talking about this. I do believe it's a state issue.

Yeah. States rights. But why? I guess I'm not quite understanding why anyone would want to have a shoe on a, on a piece of furniture.

Scott, would you say that there's a lack of civility in this country right now?

Yeah. When you put it like that, I guess I'd have to agree.

I mean, of course. Yeah. I mean, people lost my baseball. These assholes like 10 minutes to get it back. You keep calling us assholes. You're the one who has the lack of civility. It was an accident. And you fucking were mean to me. The sluggy is covered in glass. I'm not picking it up. And if you can't get off that shard of glass and come get it yourself, I'm not going to cut my hand for you. Exactly.

All of this sort of acrimony and discord between people is all coming from the discomfort that we feel. Would you feel uncomfortable if you woke up this morning and there was a man you didn't know in bare feet in your bathtub? These questions that you asked me are, the first one was pretty relatable, but it almost. Just answer the question. You guys are your bathroom. You're pulling some sort of like psychic. There's a man that you don't know.

And he's barefoot. So I'm, and he's barefoot.

Okay. So yeah, that's a good question. He's got on slacks, a button town shirt and glasses.

Are they just like me? I realized I just described me. Well, you have shoes on. Yeah. Are they like, and that's the difference. Are they like skinny jeans or they're like a khaki that's kind of loose fitting or it's a loose fitting khaki. Yeah. That has a little bit of pants, kind of your golf course sort of breedable. A polo did you say or a button down? A button down.

Are you saying button down in the sense of that the collar buttons to the shirt?

Cause button up is usually people use button down incorrectly. You know, a button down is when the, your collar is buttoned to your shirt and a button up is.

Is when a, when, when a shirt has buttons from the neck to the penis.

Yes. Button down is an old. That's what I mean from neck to penis.

From neck to penis neck. The button up story. So, uh, uh, so, so would I be upset? I, yeah, I would be upset. If he has no shoes, this is a maniac, but if he has shoes, perhaps he's a cable. Uh, I would be, I must say I would be, uh, upset either way. Uh, but if I had asked for cable to be installed in my bathroom months before, and then it had gone out of my mind, I'd put the ticket in with spectrum and then, Oh, they're here. They're putting a guy. That's very interesting.

So, but, but had I, had I remembered that someone was going to be in my bathroom and they had shoes or not shoes, I don't know if it would make a difference to me. Let me ask, let's sort of take this in a different direction. I feel like you don't agree with my policy right now. Would it surprise you to know that of not even just the other people running in the 10th district of Virginia, but for every person running in the midterm elections, no one has publicly declared whether they are for or against shoes on claw foot, bathtub feet. I guess I would wonder how it would come up a lot of times because as far as I know, and I don't know, you know, the entire course of human history, certainly. I've never said that I do, but as far as I know, this is the only time that this has ever come up in my mind of any human being talking about it. And it's about time we do something about it. And I would even argue that we probably have less claw foot bathtubs now than at any time in the last 400, 500 years of history. There were more. I would say, I would say until, uh, uh, when the bathtub was invented to now before the bathtub was invented, I think we had way less. Yeah. Yeah, definitely. But then I feel like now we have tubs. Yeah.

Yeah. And a lot of it seems, and I agree with you and that's why I believe this is an achievable goal that will make our country better. A lot of people taking showers. Where do you land on showers? Showers. Uh, Max, a lot of people taking showers.

You right. Daniel, where do you stand on showers? Underneath them. No, you're French. Why are you dancing? It's pretty happy with his, it might be the blood loss. I think he's seeing a far away light. Okay. It was solid.

I'll definitely put it in. I'll definitely put it in. So is French or is Irish, Irish, Italian, Irish, which part is Irish and which is Italian out of the D apostrophe is Italian and the growth is Irish. Yeah. Okay. So your ancestors left Italy.

They drove across France. They got into a boat. Then they went to Ireland. Then they came to your ancestors, drove across France. Wow.

How long did that take? Do you, did they say or I'd have to ask grandma and by the way, automobiles were, uh, invented. So yeah, these are recent ancestors. Yes. Right. Okay.

That's a great question. Yeah. I would say if someone were in my bathroom and they had clothes on other than the shoes, I would prefer that to someone wearing shoes and no clothes. It's a daffy duck dilemma where, um, a naked cartoon duck raises no eyebrows, but one with only a shirt suddenly brings into makes you ask where the, where the bottom. Exactly. I don't want to try and have to interpret a bathtub's entire personality in order to clothe them in full clothing. I am just trying to, you know, create a sense of decency. That's the same issue that I have with, you know, closets or cabinets that have doors with two door knobs.

Wait, you have an issue with that double door closets or cabinets with two with two door knobs.

You think they should have gloves on?

I think they should have a brassiere. So that to me seems indecent. It looks like two circular things right next to each other, two knobs on a closet or a cabinet is, uh, and, and that's not one of my issues, but if someone else in the house said, Hey, would you, you know, join with me in this coalition? I'd be willing to do that. Those would be two nipples close together.

Yeah. I mean, especially if there are, there are a little, those locks on the doorknobs, you know, the ones that stick out like nipples. Those would look like nipples to me, but they're, they're usually at a height they're at doorknob height. If I may call that a height, which seems to be about waist height on a human being. Oh God. Hard. I mean, I don't think your balls are the best example right now because your testicles are very mangled. Your sluggies are swollen.

Yeah. So I don't, I, are you gaining any kind of attraction?

I don't mean attraction, but I mean, traction is a single guy. We have a strong grassroots campaign and I am how many supporters do you have? I mean, you must've gotten signatures on a petition in order to get on the ballot. We have numb. We have people in the tens of 12 right now that are willing to help me tens of 12. I'm not sure if that means 120 or just you have 10 between 10 and 12 right now. That's like an English as a second language way of talking about numbers. Tens of 12. Yeah. Tens of 12. I have 36 supporters. Oh, Tom's the shoemaker, sir.

The one that they're slippers. So every time you put a pair of shoes on a bathtub, you put shoes on a bathtub in a third world country. Yes. Now, now I don't say this Roman. I, I, I, there are people who say that if you put shoes on a tub, you immediately start asking the question is the drain of the tub it's asshole and is the faucet it's penis.

Exactly. And that doesn't feel like it increases civility to me. That suddenly starts me looking at my tub and me getting all like worked out. And those knobs, if you, if you truly do have a classic, uh, you know, bathtub knobs next to the, the faucet, those look like testicles.

Certainly not, not, uh, there's no question. Yeah.

Well, you know, this is once you solve one issue for society, then you will have to, it raises other words. So where does it end to me? And also if we start putting clothes upon bathtubs, what gender are the bath, you know, are we just presuming, Oh, this is, do we put them all in pants as those are sort of gender, gender neutral or do we start putting totally nude? Yeah. Great point. The toilet. My main issue with the toilet right now is if a toilet seat is open, right. Uh, I have the same issue that I actually have with windows on houses, which is kind of like my one, listen, I'm a single platform. Sure. So I'm only focused on shoes on cloth. These are just personal issues for God willing. I'm able to solve that problem.

Then I will move on to open toilets, windows on houses. What's the issue? You know what windows on houses look like, right? You don't have to ask me these. It looks like that house is yawning, but it's very rude for the house to not be covering its mouth with its hand. So that's why I propose that we take doors. We put gloves on the doors. Then we put gloves on the door, meaning the entire door, a large glove, which I think a lot of the glove manufacturers in this country, that's jobs because they're gonna have to make these big door size gloves. I'm gonna be honest about something that happened earlier. Yeah. I said I was practicing catching baseball earlier. I actually thought the building was yawning at me and I got mad. You got mad at the window and you... I was walking by and I said, fuck you! Isn't that boring? This is baseballs through windows have gone up dramatically. But doesn't that mean jobs for baseball makers in Louisville for these sluggies?

For lost sluggies? Yeah. You know, I want these sluggies to be lost. I mean, that's more business for them. The economy, there's a push and a pull to the economy. Well, a lot like these doors that now have, I mean, doors are not shaped like with five fingers. No, no, no. But with the glove over the door, it gives the appearance of five fingers. And then you put the door to 45 degree angle over the window. It looks like the house is politely covering its mouth while it's yawning.

Now, what do you say to critics? And again, this is not me, this is not me saying it, but what do you say to critics who say that you are in the pocket of novelty accessory clothing companies?

I know. The big companies that make the small shoes, the big gloves. And as you know, my wife is the heiress to the tiny shoes for furniture fortune. Oh, wait, I know. You say as we know. Yem Yems tiny shoes for furniture. Yem Yems? That's her last name, Yem Yem. Yem Yem is her last name? Yes. No apostasy. She didn't take your name? No. Oh, yes, yes. Now she is Veronica O'Groats, but. She had, beforehand, she had started this business. Yes. And she didn't think that people would go along with it if she changed it to O'Groats? I think Yem Yems, you hear Yem Yems, you think of furniture for shoes. So she's trying to distance, you admit she's trying to distance herself from the public perception that she is fully connected with furniture clothing. Yes. Well, now you're telling us on it. Yeah, she makes these. I like transparency as a politician. But you don't like them as far as windows go? No. No. Oh, the opaqueness of a window is fine.

As long as it's being covered up by a door with a glove on. Okay, look, I want to dive a little more specifically into I don't know how much more specifically we can get, but we need to take a break. Daniel, you're not looking good, my man. Okay, look, we need to take a break. We'll be right back with more Max Silvestri, more Daniel Faraway and Roman O'Groats. We'll be right back with more Comedy Bang Bang.

Comedy Bang Bang, we're back here. We have Max Silvestri, the Comedy Lineup Part Two, on Netflix, of course. And we also have a politician, Roman O'Groats, who is very upset about certain things in the house and needing clothes. We also have Daniel Faraway, who's very upset at us calling us assholes. But he looks to be drifting off very close to that eternal slumber that we talk about. Do you need us to call an ambulance or? Oh, if anyone's gonna call someone, it should be me. Yeah, I mean, you're still conscious. I've even done that in a movie.

Hey, someone called ambulance. Yeah. Those kind of lines.

So you're used to it. So if you needed that. The Cloverfield got him, called ambulance. Right. So you even knew in the movie it was called a Cloverfield. Yeah. I tried to push that. The director kept saying, hey man, no one calls it the Cloverfield. I'm like, why call it Cloverfield then? And I came back on Tim Cloverfield Lane. He got really mad. Right. Hey, Tim Cloverfield Lane's outside the cellar door.

But then by the Cloverfield project or whatever it was, then everyone's saying Cloverfield and that.

So. I was outside the spaceship. You were outside? Yeah.

Didn't make sense.

Here comes the Cloverfield paradox. We were talking to Roman here about clothes on. Do you think everything in the house should have some sort of covering? You know those how, and I heard recently it's a myth that about how table legs used to get people so horny when a glimpse of stalking was, was, you know, viewed as shocking, that they would put little, those, those felt coverings over table legs in order as to not get men horny. You know what I mean? When I say horny.

Blood going to the penis, making it erect? Yeah. And these men had the pants. No, your blood is coming out of from your penis. You're scooping blood from your thigh onto your penis. Yeah. It's please don't do that. So the glass shards keeping my penis erect. You know, I think that's an antiquated notion of people getting, you know, finding tables sexually attracted for me. My biggest issue with tables is what are the arms, which are the legs and right. Because they're tables are essentially furniture that's on all fours bending over in a way. Yes. Yeah. Tubbs are clearly, I don't want to be an asshole, but the history of tables is that goes back to when they were animals as well. Really? I agree with you with that on bathtubs, but tables are definitely humanoid and there are two legs and two arms. And we would solve the problem by having one watch on a single table leg. On the left or the right? On the left. On the left, because that's where humans, can you wear a watch on a right? So you're saying tables are all right handed? If you wear a watch on your right hand, you are a psychopath and I do not want you to vote for me.

I was at a dinner party recently and there was... Can you come a little closer? I just, I just like, no, about 12 inches, 12 inches away. I was at a dinner party recently and there was an ankle bracelet on one of the legs and it was very confusing. Yeah. An anklet.

Was it like one of those monitoring ones? Yeah, like Andy Dick used to wear? Used to.

Okay. That was one of those cute little sexy gold ones with the charm on it, or the playboy bunny.

What do you think about back, like lower back tattoos, like tramp stamps on tables? Would that help?

Uh, that would be in the center of the table. No, no, I guess I mean like on the edge of the table at, you know, wherever the, you know, right above the table's asshole. I'd be worried about any table that's going to get a lower back tattoo in case it is a Jewish table, wouldn't be able to be buried in a Jewish cemetery. Okay. That's a good point. Yeah. You've really thought about all this.

Someone's going to put a turkey on that back tattoo and you can't tell, you can't tell anything.

I'm saying on the edge, not on the, not on the, uh, the, the, the, the face that is facing the ceiling.

Wait, you put your turkey on the table? I put mine on the edge. You do? Who are you, Aerosmith?

Living on the edge? Um, all right, look, uh, we have, uh, one of our favorite features. We play it every week. Uh, we're going to play it, uh, right now and it's a little something called would you rather? Here comes the dragons! Here comes the dragons!

Have you been in period pieces shouting things? I was in Game of Thrones where that scene where those dragons came down and got everybody last year.

Spoiler alert! Last year? I don't know.

I'm waiting to watch all TV until I'm sick. So I haven't seen anything. You're remarkably healthy too. I haven't seen anything. All right. It's time to play.

Would you rather we play this, uh, every single week, of course on the show. So we all know how it's played to write, or do I need to go over the rules? No? Everyone knows? Okay, great. Uh, this comes to us from Jordan Maywood. Oh, he's a, would you rather superstar.

Jordan Maywood asks, would you rather get VIP access to the graduation ceremonies of anyone you want, or always carry two briefcases? One of which has your soul.

All right. I'm opening the floor for questions. What questions do we have about either of these scenarios? Would you rather get VIP access to the graduation ceremonies of anyone you want, or always carry two briefcases? One of which has your soul. I mean, I have a question about the level of VIP access. Getting in early, Max Silvestri, by the way, you tried, but he overpowered you.

So I respect that. Go ahead.

I believe you did hear the sound of my mouth open. I definitely did, but I don't call upon people.

It's just, it's merely mob rules here, majority rules. I'm sorry, Roman, would you like to know?

No, you don't have to be polite. This is how the game is played. Would you, if you were, uh, in the world series and you, you scored a game winning grand slam home run, would you say, Hey, you know what? I'm sorry. Uh, we don't need to count those points.

Okay. I'll start in the VIP section. Let's get some clarity on that.

All right. Yeah. Like, is this just a meet and greet? Is there like, do you get like a, like a special lanyard? You can use a different door. I don't like going in by the main door.

You don't like in, in the graduation ceremonies that you go to.

Yeah. You don't like going in the main door. You get to a point in your career where you're like, I'm not going to this graduation ceremony unless there's some sort of special entrance.

I want to go backstage from the, sure. You want to meet the participants beforehand and see if they're nervous or not. Sushi that no one eats.

I like want a lot of that around.

I'm a huge fan of graduation. That's another big place, big area. A lot of people where you can shout shit from a distance. I have never seen a movie where anyone has shouted something at a graduation. Would you say, I can't understand what you're saying. Did you say hooray at the end of a graduation ceremony? Everyone yells. Hooray. I thought you were talking about a movie called hooray. Hooray. I guess maybe amazing Spider-Man too.

Uh, he has a skateboard and everyone's like, well, you're cool or whatever. Yeah. But you wouldn't want VIP access.

Wouldn't you want to be on the perimeter? That sounds too up close. Yeah. Right. Yeah.

You were talking front row. I mean, sometimes VIP access is like maybe like a box higher up.

Like Abraham Lincoln. Yes. You know, but that comes with its own challenges. The what seats?

Spit seats. We can spit on people. You spit on people when you're up in boxes?

Well, what I'll do is I'll make it where you spit. It goes when it's really viscous and you like, let it go down. You slurp it back up. You're spitting right now on your open balls.

Does it turn me on? No. Neither end of the equation is.

Sorry, I got into a little room sex routine.

I'm spitting on my dick. Okay, sir. Uh, so does that answer your questions there? Yeah.

Okay, great. Any, uh, you, you, uh, by the way, Roman, you had a question. I had a question about the briefcase scenario. Are these briefcase briefcases, are they nude or nude? And, uh, I mean, uh, they have a leather covering. Do you consider that to be nude or is leather like skin?

Do you leather of a briefcase is the skin of the briefcase?

Right. But what if someone like you've seen, let me ask you a question. Have you ever, you've seen the George Michael video faith?

And he's wearing a leather jacket with, uh, uh, what is on the back? Do you remember what's a, there's a picture on the back and a lot of studs on it. It says let's go music.

So if I'm remembering it correct, I believe you believe it said, now that's what I call jacket part two. Would you consider him to be shirtless stripped to the waist as they say? Yes. Yes. Okay. All right. Well, that answers my question. How many times have you seen that video?

Uh, if I had to guess in reality, uh, probably about a dozen times, a dozen times has yum yums or yum yum. I'm sorry. Yum yums.

Yum yums has yum yum seen.

Don't call my wife by her maiden name. Well, you never said what her first name is.

Now does she call her grandmother Graham yams or yam grams?

She actually calls her grandmother Nonna and that's N apostrophe O apostrophe.

Wait. So she had her name and she married you? No in her in that's what she calls her.

Okay. All right. Uh, yeah. The, the briefcases then I guess under your definition are nude.

Yes. Well, do I have the option of clothing them? Um, I guess you do. Yeah. I guess you do. What would you put on it? If you had to really put on a close, close on a briefcase, is that like, that sounds like a writing term, like, well, that's a put close on a briefcase on this, but what would you put on there? Well, if I'm holding them close together, I put a pair of boxer shorts cause they'd look like two butt cheeks to me.

Okay. But what if they are in each hands you have, they're just separate from each other.

What would you do? If they're far apart, then I think they would look like two small Brown dogs, in which case I would put a collar on the corner of the briefcase. So you don't like dogs to be naked. That's very dangerous. You consider them to be closed with just a collar? Yes.

I don't know. Dog clothing is just a collar. I will say that in my house, and this is not a joke.

When we take off my dog's dog's collar at the end of the day, we call it putting on her pajamas.

When your dog comes home from work and you take off its collar, she's getting a comfy clothes. It's like Mr. Rogers in a lot. You should be put in jail for doing that.

What did you think about Mr. Rogers? He would come, he would be wearing a shirt and tie, presumably when he, if I'm remembering it correctly, I would always, I would get there like a couple minutes late, usually because CSI would end and it would always go over, you know how they would trick you and they would go over like by one or two minutes to get you to watch the next program. Then you cut over to what you really want to watch.

So I would always get there a little late, but I think he comes wearing a shirt and tie. He comes with a sweater on and I know he puts the sweater on when he gets there. He takes a shirt and tie.

Cause he met, cause like that was the thing. His day job was he managed like a slaughterhouse or something like that where he like, he crunched the numbers to underpay the workers. Then he'd come home and he would have to overkill the cows. Make them feel it more. Yeah, exactly.

I only ever remember him putting on a sweater. Yeah, that's what I'm saying. He put on a sweater, but there was a step before that where he had a shirt and tie that he was taking off because sweater was comfortable clothes. Yes. So he was wearing something else. Was he bear?

Did you say kink Friday? Oh, okay. Cause kink Friday. Uh, so, so, but there's a step in there where he's not wearing, he's wearing neither. He's, he's not wearing his not bare chested, right? Well, I mean, I don't think he'd ever put on a leather jacket. So no, no. I feel like we would know if he had a leather jacket on because it just would be such a different vibe from him.

It really would. Although I think he was up for playing the Fonz and the early happy days episodes and Henry Winkler got it. So that was it for it. Yeah. That footage is, I would love to see that footage. All right. I'm closing the floor for questions.

Wow. Not a lot of questions guys.

You didn't give us a chance. Well, I'm sorry, but you know, there's, I, you knew the rules.

There's no warning of when I would close the floor. I didn't feel like I had my question answered. What kind of VIP access is it? Well, you know, I'm sorry. I closed the floor. That's them's the rules. We're going to have to vote. All right guys. So let's vote here. Uh, I'm going to go to you max first. Uh, how are you going to vote in this, uh, diabolical Schindler's list of a choice? That's what, that's what they say, right? Where you have two terrible choices. Uh, yeah.

When the list had two names on it and they had to pick one.

It's a real Schindler's list. Yeah.

Um, I, I I'm graduation ceremonies all day long. Graduation ceremonies. You want the VIP access to anyone you want. Anyone I want. How many graduation ceremonies would you like to go to per year? If you could, I think if I go to two per year, which sounds about right, it pays for itself.

Yeah, that's true. Yeah. And two sounds right to you in what way? I mean, it just feels like the general rhythm of, uh, people I know that are finishing stuff. These things are usually happening in May or June generally. Yeah. Yeah. So grads, my busy season personally for going to graduation.

Right. Right. All right. Great. Um, an interesting vote from an interesting player. All right, let's go to Roman. Roman. How are you voting here? I guess I will vote, uh, for putting a big graduation cap on top of the amphitheater where the graduation is happening. So like Staples Center, when you see it to you, it's an informal, it's like a bald head. Yes. It's someone, it's like looking at Patrick Stewart or something. Yes, exactly. And, and Patrick Stewart, when he's on the enterprise, he should be wearing like an admiral's cap or something. I'd appreciate that for sure. I get hard just walking into Staples Center. That's why is that, sir? It's just, you gotta shout. You gotta say something from far away.

Yeah. That's one of the biggest places in Los Angeles. Hooray! All right. Well, speaking of saying hooray, maybe we'll say that after hearing how you vote. How, how are you voting? Well, I don't like that VIP section. So, uh, I never got to ask questions about that briefcase. Yeah. Sorry about that. That seemed interesting, but, uh, I guess I'll briefcase. Okay. So briefcase over here, we have VIP section over here and then Roman, I, I can't remember exactly what your, your vote is to put a cap on to. And you only get to do that if you're a VIP. I'm voting for the VIP section. Okay. All right. There we go. Well, let's tally up the points here. Uh, let's see. We have, uh, uh, the people who voted for VIP section get one point and the people who voted for the briefcase get, uh, 900 points. Uh, so who voted for, Oh, well, got Daniel at 900 to one to one. You are a winner.

Are you okay? Yeah. I'm okay. I might, I might be dying. I think you are. Why don't you want us to call an ambulance for you?

Cause it's always been my dream to shout out lines from the other side, the ultimate far away.

From yeah. That's as far away as you get. I, well, maybe hell might be even further. I, I don't know. They're equidistant. Yeah. They're just north and south. Yeah. All right. Well, uh, you look like you're slipping away before you do. Let's uh, that's how we play. Would you rather write congrats to our winner? Can you hang on just a little bit longer? Here comes the dragon.

I think you're talking about that. That bright light.

Just hold on a little bit longer. Cause we just have one last feature on the show and it's a little something that we call plugs.

Hey, I like it. That was comedy beat box by Don the Faun.

Don the Faun. Um, what would it be interesting if it was Don's the Fauns and uh, Mr. Rogers just came in.

Wouldn't that be interesting? Yeah. Uh, all right. What do we plug in? Max? Obviously we have the comedy lineup part two. Yes. Uh, check that out on Netflix.

Uh, don't watch the others.

Just watch mine and laugh once at the very end. Yes. One big laugh and film yourself while doing it. Tag me, film yourself while coming on the, uh, the countdown or three, two, one, five, three, four nose one. Uh, and uh, Roman, uh, obviously vote this November. You want more people to vote or less people to vote? Which type of a politician are you?

I want more people to vote for me, but less people to vote for my opponent. So you'd like to disenfranchise the opposition's voters.

You've got to vote for Comstock or Wexton. Don't vote. This is not the time to vote.

Okay. But if you want to vote for you and there may be upwards of 36 people willing to vote for you vote for me. And if you can do it more than once, do it.

Sure. Uh, and if you can shout it at people, uh, like, uh, Daniel over here, even better. Uh, and who are the 36 people voting for you?

Uh, I'm not legally obligated to say the names. I know you're not legally. You're such a straight shooter. I know you're not legally obligated to I'm asking you, wait, are you legally obligated not to say the names? No, I can, but I won't do it unless if I'm legally obligated. Okay. All right.

Uh, and, uh, uh, I want to plug, uh, uh, there's a new three of them shirts in the store, the sucking on chili dogs, uh, t-shirts are out there. So if you're a fan of freedom, uh, go check those out and, uh, listen to the REM show. Uh, we just have a few more left. So, uh, listen to that on Wednesdays, me and Adam Scott talking about the band REM and, uh, uh, Daniel, uh, are you, can you, can you plug anything? Well, you know, I'm a fan of Earwolf, even though the building yawns at me, I'm trying to get closer. Yeah, get a little closer.

Oh God. I want to plug a new project on Stitcher Premium.

New project on Stitcher Premium. It's called My Dead Wife. My Dead Wife. The Robot Car. The Robot Car. My Dead Wife, The Robot Car.

Starring Matt Besser, Mary Holland. Okay. What is it? It's in the title. It's just My Dead Wife, The Robot Car. That's all you need to know about it.

Like, is it a, is it a, uh, like a 15 hour, uh, 10 episodes of how long? You don't even know.

Okay. So it's a 10 episode series.

Are all 10 being released at the same time? One at a time.

You're torturing me. I'm sorry.

You know the answers. I actually do not. Uh, but My Dead Wife, uh, that's Stitcher Premium and people can look for it. Yeah, offer code improv Stitcher or Freedom. Freedom might get you there as well. Yeah, but don't you have enough sky? Don't you have enough? Okay. Well, that's, that's great, Daniel. Thank you so much. Hey, Scott, excuse me. Oh, sorry man. I just had Matt Besser. Hey, everybody. Matt Besser just, just hurtled the glass shards in the window.

Broken glass. Hey, I have a good cause. I'm going to be in Arkansas, September 14th and 15th to do two vote them out shows for district 25. If you're in Arkansas, go to mattbesser.com to find more about these shows, but we're going to try to turn some purple districts blue. Are you just running around telling people about Arkansas things? Just running around building to building or what do you do? I'm going to the different shows to try to fight the good fight in the midterms. Just like this politician. Oh, okay. Yeah. Oh, do you guys, you guys have very, it seems very different platforms. How do you feel about, are you a Democrat?

Tubbs? I'm independent. Oh, okay. You think purple things should be covered up by socks or clothes?

Yeah. That's right. Veins and blood. Right. Yeah. Okay.

Well, I don't follow all the things here, Scott. I'm sorry. You haven't been here the whole time.

Yeah, sure. All right. See you later, Matt.

Later. All right. So, uh, uh, let's close up the old plug bag. I think that does it for the plugs.

Here we go.

Oh, what a bag. It's time to open it.

I apologize for that. Um, all right. Just a few more months of that. Uh, all right.

That's going to do it for us. Uh, Max, I want to thank you so much. Uh, thanks. Uh, let's, uh, I mean, you're going to stick around for another hour and a half and we're going to do your last episode.

It's so hard to say goodbye, but I'm about to. Great. All right. And, uh, Roman, good luck to you.

Uh, how many people are going to vote for your opponents?

Uh, I am, I don't have those numbers, but probably in the thousands, if not hundreds of thousands, I'm hoping it's 35 or less.

So you don't think you're getting any more votes between now and election day?

Uh, maybe I'll get a bump from appearing on this podcast, but 35 or less. Sounds like my Tinder matches. Uh, and, uh, here it comes. Wait for it.

Wait for what? You dying? No, Scott. Look, my lips are moving. These lines are coming from the other side. Oh my God. He is dead. This isn't the first time someone's died at the end of a show.

I've crossed through the barrier of life and death. We're not alive from far away. We're not seeing you. So let's hear it then. Oh, wait. That was it. I don't think, I don't think it's going to make the show. I don't think it's going to make it. We're going to cut it out. It's got, don't you have enough? Our line producer, Scott's line producer crunched the numbers and it just doesn't even have enough for a five and under. I'm so sorry.

Is everyone you've ever known up with you there? What's it like up there? Can you answer any questions? Maybe we'll keep those in if they're interesting. Oh, this is Barbara Harris. Okay.

Well that's sort of interesting.

She passed away recently. All right. Well, thanks to you.

Uh, uh, Daniel, good luck up there. Uh, and you're in heaven, not hell. I think so. I mean, Barbara Harris. Okay. Yeah. You're in good company. Uh, just like Topher Grace. All right. We'll see you next time. Thanks. Bye.
