♪ Comedy Bang Bang by Rowlan ♪ World Health Organization let the dogs out, welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

Oh, I get it.

WHO, who let the dogs out?

Thank you so much to Side of McG for that catchphrase submission.

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang for another week, and what a week it is.

We, uh, this is an exciting show for me because we are straddling the worlds of both arts and entertainment, and also businesses, because coming up a little later on the show we have a couple of entrepreneurs, two entrepreneurs! It seems like we are entrepreneur rich on this show recently.

A lot of people trying to tell us about their businesses, and this week is no exception.

We have Mary Lisa coming up a little later on the show, and oh, good, our old friend Bean Dip will be here.

I say old friend, meaning first was on the show maybe three months ago.

So, uh, very excited to get to them a little later, but coming up first.

And this is special for me because I enjoy, if you know me, and I pray that you do, you know that I enjoy the musical scales from A to G.

I enjoy all the notes and everything in between, and our first guests, they traffic in all of those notes.

In fact, I, and this will be my first question, I bet there's not a single note they have not played in their songs.

And we'll figure it out, be it B-sharps, etc.

They are from Glasgow, which I believe is in Scotland as far as I know, and they have their third album out called Love is Dead, it is out right now, and they are alive, please welcome to the show churches!

Hello! Hi!

You said it in unison, oh my gosh!

This is the end of like a month and a half of shows.

That was all not in unison, I have to say. You said something different.

And then we're scattered, we're like really in sync but really over it.

We played all the notes apart from the brown note.

The brown note, what is the brown, oh I've heard of, yeah, the one that's, yeah.

It's not safe to be played over a large sound system.

Is that a low one?

Very, very low.

Yeah.

I think it's like 17 hertz or something?

It's around there, yeah.

I've read about those experiments that they would wage on soldiers or something playing very low musical notes in order to upset their stomachs.

Yeah, apparently there's a note that can stop your heart as well.

Really?

Wow.

Please don't play that one.

Just a mass, mass death, and when I say mass, I'm like, I don't know how many people listen to the show but, welcome to the show guys.

I've been a big fan of yours ever since the first record and I'm so pleased to have you on the show.

What are you doing on this show?

Why would you be on this show?

The Estes 2.

Yeah, no, we're in, I guess we're in Los Angeles.

We're not dressed appropriately because we wear too much black, but we're here to do some press stuff and we're just on tour.

That's what we do now.

Yeah, you're on tour right now.

You're in the middle of it, right?

How long has the tour been?

I mean, you guys are going, how many countries, first of all?

I guess the record came out in May and then we did a lot of European festival shows and then we went to Asia and Australia and then some American shows.

We're getting a two-week nap and then we're doing some other secret fun stuff and then we're back in America in the fall.

Secret fun stuff?

Yes, secret fun stuff.

Music related, not kinky.

Okay, music.

Okay, good, good.

Can you give me any clues at all?

Can I guess it?

If I guess it, will you say what it is?

Yes.

If you guess it, I'll wink at you, but it's radio so they won't know.

But I'll put in a sound effect of just a bing and then we'll know.

Secret, God, what could be secret about being in a band?

Are you, you're not breaking up?

No.

Oh no, the wink.

Let's see, what could be a, like a secret festival, a secret show?

Wait a minute, wait a minute.

Is there like, is Live Aid coming back?

Are you guys doing Live Aid?

Could you imagine?

We had to get Bob back in the game.

Yeah.

I was listening to a little Boomtown Rats on the way here.

Who would be in Live Aid now?

Probably like Post Malone.

Post Malone.

It seems like with music festivals, it's like Live Aid every week now, right?

Red Hot Chili Peppers?

I feel like they'd be at that.

There are a lot of stuff.

That, see, should have done that off mic.

Well, wherever they can be, they will be.

Wherever, wherever, wherever you need them, the Red Hot Chili Peppers will appear.

Just say their name three times.

They will never leave Alternative Radio.

They may have appeared on The Price is Right as well.

That would be amazing.

Where do you guys nap when you say you nap?

Do you go all the way back to Scotland?

I nap in New York for the time being.

That's where we did the writing of the record, mostly.

And these guys are napping in Scotland at the moment.

It's nice.

We all get on very well, but it's nice to have an ocean between us sometimes.

No, I don't mean that.

Yeah, you do.

Yeah, she does.

Just at this particular, you know, we live on top of each other right now.

So, but then we don't do that well.

Even when we go home, we're like, oh, we'll avoid each other for a bit.

And then we last like a few days and then we go to the club.

Say what you do.

It's all very wholesome.

Or we don't have other friends.

I have to say, I've interviewed a lot of bands on this show and you guys are smiling at each other a lot, which is good.

It's good news because sometimes they get in here and they just cannot even look at each other.

It's like manic Manson Family smiling.

Yeah, exactly.

We're just really good at picking it.

I think this is the last of a 50 day run.

Is that right?

Yeah.

50 days.

This is day 50.

Oh my gosh.

And the new record, Love is Dead.

It's exceptional.

You know, here's what I think you guys do, which a lot of bands should do, is you guys basically have been like, you know, let's put out just like three good records.

You know what I mean?

Like most bands are like, oh, we got one and then we followed up with a bad one.

Like you guys did three in a row that were like, just really, really good.

Why don't I like the idea that bands are saying, okay, so we've done one good one, so we're just going to do one that's not quite so good.

That's what most bands do.

That's why they invented the sophomore slump, right?

Yeah, sure.

I mean, it's just been quality the entire time.

That's luck.

Yeah, maybe luck of the draw.

No, but that's really nice of you to say so.

And I guess, yeah, we wanted to like, you don't want to make the same one every single time, but you want to like evolve in some way.

And I don't, you can't really overthink that.

You're just going to have to get into the room and start making it.

So I'm glad that it's worked out.

Most bands, when they, when they evolve, it's like, they go, well, this, this record, we have saxophones, you know?

Oh yeah.

Yeah.

You guys haven't done that.

Or like a trap beat and you're like, oh, I don't know if that's appropriate.

When you're, Lauren, when you, do you write the lyrics alone?

Mostly, yeah.

Like, I guess on this record, we were conscious of wanting to try and get a few words or a phrase into a key part of the song of the early on so that we all knew what the theme might be.

And then I'll go away to a little coffin closed room to write it myself.

A coffin shaped room or a coffin?

Emotional, an emotional coffin.

And then come back.

Wait, are you trying to say that you write your songs in a coffin like Dracula?

That'd be so cool.

I would be, maybe on the next record.

Go like full method.

Didn't Marilyn Manson sleep in a coffin?

You know, he was, he was my ex neighbor.

He lived two, two doors down from me.

It seems like the kind of thing performatively that he would have done.

Like, I know a few people that know him and have been to his house back in the day.

And they said that like, when he's in his off, I don't know him, so this is all probably hearsay, but, uh, when he's in his off time and he's just being totally normal, like very intelligent, normal guy.

And then when he's in persona, he's like, hello, would you like to see Hitler's Bible that I have in my studio?

And you're like, that's definitely what Marilyn Manson would do.

But like Brian Warner is probably like, Hey, you guys, do you want to go get like a salad?

And was it, do you think it was hit like Hitler's personal copy of the Bible or did Hitler write a Bible?

Well, yeah, I don't want to read that.

The endings a little different.

Do you think Marilyn Manson, do you think Marilyn Manson has an office?

You know, it was weird to think of him like, Hey, come into my office.

I don't know.

He's ever said that.

Sure.

I guess I like it when you see things like that once I'm a huge Nick cave fan and I'm not comparing him to Marilyn Manson anyway.

Very different artists, but sort of the Gothic.

But you know, he is the true Gothic Prince Nick cave.

And I saw him in a hotel once and he had like a ring binder folder and I was like, of course he does.

Cause when Nick cave goes to meetings, he's still like suave and creative.

And it was like nicely bound.

And I was like, that's why I want to see.

But he's got 12 projects inside the paperless.

Do you think though, do you think he has like a discover card or something?

You know, it's like weird to think about him having one of those.

Yeah.

He just goes down the co-op.

I'm not sure.

So love is dead is, uh, is that one of the phrases that you wanted to put into the, uh, the record this time?

Is that the theme of it?

Uh, the aforementioned theme?

Um, yeah, I guess this is the first time we've named a record, something that wasn't a lyric in a song.

And I think it just made sense to us to try and name the collection of songs as a whole.

Um, it's more kind of an opening statement question type thing that mean like everything is doom and gloom because I feel like there's a lot of stuff on the record where you're kind of trying to figure things out and asking questions about stuff.

And I don't know, I don't know that anybody really has a nice boxed off answer at this point.

So it starts off with a question mark, love is dead.

And then by the end, it's like, love is dead.

Depending on what day you listen to it.

Some days I'm like, absolutely not getting out of bed.

And then other days I'm like, yeah, maybe, maybe not.

Um, so, uh, the, the record is love is dead and you're on tour right now.

You're are you in the middle or are you wrapping it up?

You say you're on day 50 straight.

Yeah, we're just about to take like a couple of weeks off for an extra.

And then the super secret things, the super secret things that we'll be doing.

So we are working.

Everyone's like, they've got like a month and a half off lazy.

That makes it sound so much more exciting than it actually is.

Can you tell me what month the super secret thing is happening?

Super secret happens.

Yes.

Start of September and then we go back on the road.

Is it back to school?

You guys are going back to school.

Yeah, we need to go get our GEDs.

I'm going to study interior design.

Speaking of GED, Lauren, you have, uh, don't you have a master's in, uh, in journalism and a, an undergraduate degree in law?

Was it?

That's what makes me such a fun, happy guy.

All right.

So here's what I need from you during when our next guests come on.

I really want you to be like lawyer, lawyering them.

Like I really want you to be like, really like poking needles in whatever they're trying to say.

You have to do like, they call them moot, moot, which is a strange word, but when you have to do like debates in British law schools and, oh man, I don't really bad at that.

I get very sweaty, palmed and panicked.

Okay.

Well, we'll, we'll bring you towels for your palms during the interviews.

This is not statute.

The statute said, I don't know.

Statute.

American law though.

That's a different.

Yeah.

Well, apparently I don't know if that exists anymore.

American law.

The president was like, nah, just do what I want.

So many, so many loopholes.

Very, very political right now.

Oh my goodness.

I'm getting hot under the collar here.

This is what did you say?

Moots.

Yeah.

Moot.

M O O T.

They have like mooting events.

It's very British.

Mooting events?

Very Harry pottery.

Do people like all wear wigs?

No, but then sometimes there's a, like, depending how high you get, I never got to that point, but one of my friends did and that's why he is now a professional legal scholar and I'm not.

And yeah, they do it like it's a fake kind of.

So it's like debate club in a way.

Yeah.

It's like a really fancy debate club.

I did not get that far.

Right.

So it's like, it's like people doing the Frederick Douglas debates or something like that.

Yes.

Which were American debates that I know as a reference.

I have no idea what they were talking about.

I learned about those things from drunk history mostly.

Oh yes, of course.

Yeah.

Very important show.

All right.

Well, you guys are going to be playing some songs.

Are they all songs from the record that you'll be playing?

So yes.

Okay.

So live versions of the songs and of course people can get it in stores or at your digital retailers.

Hi, I'm posing for a picture.

And the record is love is dead and all of your records are great.

So you know, by every single one of them, or if you, if people could only buy two, which two would you say?

California.

Right.

Yeah.

Also stadium, Arcadia.

It's a good value because it's a double record.

Yeah.

I don't know.

I guess now you can, you can sample.

It's like making your own buffet of songs.

You can buy one song here.

Buffet of shit.

Just buy three from each other.

Three from each other.

There you go.

And then you get, and you know, and then just sequence them yourselves.

How do you see who sequences fans of my other show about REM know that I love to sequence records and resequence them.

Who does it with you?

Do you know who Adam Scott is?

He's a, yeah, we have a show about REM and you too.

Anyway, very embarrassing.

Are you into REM?

Will you play an REM song for us here?

Do you know any?

Maybe.

But who sequences the records for you?

We all try.

Yeah.

And then we kind of, as a process of kind of, I guess it's the democratic process to an extent.

We all work on versions that make sense to us and then we decide on our favorite.

What is it?

And what is the theory?

Is it like hit him hard with a single right up top?

Yes, that's kind of the modern approach.

Usually open with one of your big caters, but we still not front load.

No, not, not completely, but we, um, we still sequence for vinyl.

Which is kind of like a die in art, but 22 minutes aside.

Well, and I think it's more or less, yeah.

No longer than 45 minutes.

And then what's the classic, like there's normally like something, some kind of heartbreak at the end of side A.

So you can give a punch in the gut at the beginning of side A.

Okay.

So sort of like a cliffhanger in a way.

So open side two opens with medical.

Is that right?

And you always have to finish your album looking forward.

Always offer a version of what you might be in the future.

Interesting.

Really.

That's kind of like the theory.

So what, so which songs would, would be those on all of your records?

Well, the last one is Wonderland is a big political resolution.

It's kind of like Lauren's I've walked a path and I've like this, I've explored all this and I'm still not a hundred percent sure where I'm at, but it's forward facing.

It's good.

Thanks.

I didn't want to say that by myself.

I'm like, cheers, man.

Thanks. That was nice.

The band is churches and that's with a V by the way.

I know that people are out there Googling churches right now and just getting, you know, it's actually chavarches.

Chavarches.

That's how you prefer it.

The band is ceviche.

Somebody tweeted that and it went viral and now it's just a thing.

Those meme things where it's like me, me, I know it's pronounced churches.

Also me, chavarches.

Fair enough.

You guys are a meme now.

I love it.

I know.

I've always wanted to be a meme.

They made the internet.

I looked at it and I was like, I can see the similarities.

I don't think we look like the same person.

I think we look related.

I think I look like the mic from stranger things.

Wait, which one is Mike?

He's the one that's pals.

I guess they're all pals with 11.

Like the main guy.

Wait, is he Finn Wolfhard?

Yes.

Oh, I love that name.

Great name.

And what's all it is.

It's three great things.

It's like a fin on a shark.

It's a wolf, which is awesome.

And then it's hard, which is, you know, I mean, if you related to several things, it's the way you want to be.

But yeah, I think it was a photo where I was like younger than I am now.

And I had a similar haircut to him because I'd gotten, I would say all photos of you are younger than you are now.

Well, I suppose.

Yes.

It's not unless I'm taking one right now.

Oh, okay.

So we got it.

Oh, okay.

So, okay.

So you have bangs, which is helping.

And I got my haircut accidentally quite short, but yeah.

And also you're wearing a striped shirt and he's wearing checkers.

No makeup on and I was 25, 24, 25.

Yeah.

I see it though.

You know, I'll say, I don't know if it's worse for him to be compared to like a 30 year old woman.

Well, I mean, he may grow up to be a beautiful young woman, so.

Well, you can all hope.

And maybe I will grow up to be an adolescent boy.

I mean, I think let's check back in with you when you're, you know, you're 70 and he's 60 or whatever he may be.

Weird Benjamin Button kind of situation going on.

So the band is Chavurch's and they're going to be playing songs for us here.

And we do need to get to our next guests.

And again, I need you in there, like just prosecuting if that's okay.

All right.

And I mean, we'll see what good lawyers you are.

If you have skills there.

Lauren reads the contracts.

Yeah.

I'm the only one that's read them from start to finish.

Start to finish?

So you better hope that there's nothing in there that I would just put in on page like 19.

It's like, P.S.

After six years, it's all mine.

Could be anything in there.

Could be.

Well, let's get to our first non-musician guest.

I was going to say first guest, and then I saved it right at the end.

Boy, but that was that was really quick of me.

She is an entrepreneur.

She we've spoken to her one time before.

As I recall, she is the I think she's the owner of the W Hotel.

Yeah.

The Hollywood W.

Hollywood W.

Hotel.

Not the entire chain.

Not the chain.

It's too much work.

I just a Hollywood W for the class of ages.

Exactly.

Please welcome to the show Bean Dip.

Hello, Bean Dip.

Thank you.

Welcome yourself.

You're getting applause from the band over here.

I know.

I appreciate it.

I'll take it.

I'll put it in my in my soul for fumes later.

I'll I'll think about it.

Get happy.

Very good.

Bean Dip.

This is the band Chiverchase here.

Are you are you a music fan?

Uh huh.

Big.

I like all music of every kind from sad, happy, jump up, jump down.

So happy music makes you jump up.

Sad music makes you jump down.

That's four kinds, bitch.

Sad, happy, jump up, jump down.

Four kinds of music.

Oh, I'm sorry.

I didn't know jump up music was a was an actual type of music.

Get a set of encyclopedias if you could get it, if you could afford it.

Bean Dip, tell us again, just refresh our memory about yourself.

You are OK.

When we first got to know you, what were your businesses that you were you were in the middle of?

I sell trinkets.

I also sell delightful and very sensual kisses from the massage room at the W.

Are you familiar with Bliss Bar?

If you come in there, then I'll take you to the back.

We'll push down the girl who works at the counter.

I'll give you sensual kisses for for many dollars.

I forgot that part of the of your business.

You have to push down your employee who.

Yeah.

And that and this is not something you're their boss.

You could just ask them to leave.

I could ask them to leave.

But they started they when they said, hey, I want to work at the W.

I said, sign this waiver, bitch, or don't work here.

Exactly.

So you're giving people sensual kisses.

How much of your business is broken up into profits from the W, profits from the kisses, profits from the trinkets?

Finally, a great question.

Thank you very much.

Trinkets, fourteen hundred dollars for every two weeks.

W, fifteen million.

Kisses at the W, forty five thousand.

Forty five thousand?

That's so much more than the trinkets.

Yeah, because the trinkets are very specialized.

They take a long time to make.

Why are you even bothering with the trinkets?

Because I need my I need my pen money.

That's right.

Pen money.

You're buying.

It's pen money like we need.

You needed to get your pants for your sewing.

It's old timey.

I see.

I thought you meant pins as in automated teller machines.

Well, that too.

I also am planning to buy some ATMs.

You are really OK where these are in town or.

I'm I'm about the ATMs and malls.

I'm sorry.

I didn't understand what those other stores you like shopping malls.

Oh, man.

I need to get I need to get some shoes.

Let me get up.

Let me get up in that Nordstrom.

Oh, crap.

I forgot my cash.

I hope there's an ATM in this mall.

So you're buying some of these then?

I'm about some of them up so I can provide people with the convenience.

I need to get the shoes.

Jarnies.

Do you think that Nick Cave has a Discover card?

Speaking of like he does.

He does.

OK, great.

I can only imagine him being in that position at Nordstrom and.

Yeah, that's pretty neat.

We we dated for a little bit and one time we went to Nordstrom.

He was like, oh, man, I wish I had money for my shoes.

I'm like, I'll give you money, bitch.

And but he said, I wish I could have gone to the ATM by myself.

And they're very nice shoes.

He's very suave.

When did you date Nick Cave?

This doesn't seem plausible.

Almost 2017.

No, he's been married.

Yeah, his wife.

Well, don't tell her.

Oh, my gosh.

He did not want to wake up.

So you guys were at Nordstrom?

We were at Nordstrom.

We went to lunch.

We went to dinner.

We went for walks.

We were swam in the lakes.

We lived the life of a romantic every day.

Wow.

But what happened between you?

I mean, I just got tired of it.

I was like, oh, man, you always trying to write things down that are beautiful.

Just write things down and see if it's up to us whether they're beautiful or not.

He's like, I'm not buying it down unless it's beautiful.

I'm like, I got to bike up.

That's what broke you up.

Just what he wrote down.

I got tired of it.

It's like too much.

It's like dealing with somebody who's too much.

He's coming in hot, man.

Yeah, he's a little much.

I mean, it's like you got to really be into Nick Cave to date Nick Cave, I would imagine.

Yeah, you got to really be patient because he is a lot.

Yeah, I mean, just always with the morose gothness.

Gothness, trying to be good at stuff, trying to be awesome, trying to be the best.

I'm like, you need to just accept what is and what isn't.

If you write something down, let me decide if it's the best.

You try to always be the best.

I'm sick of it.

Yeah, I can imagine.

Yeah, I mean, but for someone who doesn't try to be the best, you're very successful.

You have millions and millions of dollars.

Well, that's what I tell if he's the best or not because I am the best.

Also, let's get real.

He had something strange on his butthole.

On his butthole?

Yes.

I don't think he's ever written a song about that.

I mean, Lauren, you're probably more into Nick Cave than I am.

I mean, there are a lot of metaphors that maybe make more sense.

Yeah.

No more shall we part.

Maybe he's talking about...

That's about his ass cheeks.

The mercy seat.

So, Bea and Dib, what are you doing here today?

You, from what I understand, you have a new business or a new opportunity here.

It's not secret like Church's super secret thing happening in September.

But I'm in on their secret thing for...

You're part of Church's secret thing?

Yeah, I'm part of that.

But it's secret so we can't get into it.

But I'm here for a couple, for a venture and also to present an opportunity.

Who here would like to join a team of people that will have a thing where we walk from door to door and ask people if they would like to get hugged?

I'll do it.

Oh, wow!

Martin and Ian are both...

They're raising their hand.

Lauren, you're no takers over here with you or you're on the fence.

I don't...

I guess at this point maybe I've mastered the keep the boobs in the front out of the hug.

So if I'm allowed to give those kinds of hugs then...

Yeah.

Boobs in the front, party in the back.

Lauren is allowed to give hugs with her back facing the person.

Back hug.

I actually...

I would be more comfortable giving and receiving back hugs.

Are we both back to back or is it my back to their front?

Because that's still a bit strange.

The person will have...

If you say I'm only for back hugs, they have to give you their back for a hug or they have to sit on the ground on all fours and you could sit on them like a chair.

That's also...

Cheek to cheek.

Then again, back to back hugs, then you're rubbing butts.

I don't know if I like that either.

You put your butt on like the subway.

You put your butt in the...

Yeah, in movie theaters.

This team needs to make a rule though.

Do not knock on the cave's door because you do not want to give back to back hugs.

Really?

You were doing that before when you...

Well, that's how I found out about his weird butthole thing.

I want to know how weird.

Oh man.

On a scale of...

On a scale of A to G, how weird is his butt thing?

G plus, man.

H.

G sharp!

H!

Have you ever seen like when a pancake gets cooked weird and it's like part of it is burned on the edge but it's all gone flat and it's gooey on the inside?

Gooey on the inside and you can see through one part of it.

That's a very specific pancake that you're asking me about.

I'm describing Nick Cage's butthole.

He's got to go get some gold bond or something.

That's true.

He needs a gold bond.

So what made you want to do this?

Well, I saw this movie called Field of Dreams.

Field of Dreams.

Uh-huh.

And in Field of Dreams they say, oh, let's build this thing.

Then all the ghosts will come for pleasure.

Then I thought, there's got to be a way to bring pleasure to the world.

I suffer building a field for ghosts.

You're trying to summon ghosts with this?

I'm trying to bring pleasure to the world.

There's got to be an easier way to build a field for ghosts.

Got it.

Okay.

Yeah, there's got to be an easier way to bring...

And you want to bring joy to the world.

I've, you know, I've known that about you.

That's my main thing about all my businesses.

Bring pleasure, joy, happiness to the world.

Make people feel like they're listening to jump up music when they are just in their real life.

Yeah, because life can get so sad, can't it?

Especially listening to church's music sometimes where the whole love is dead.

Well, but that's just a question.

This is like, is it or not?

Let's listen to this in film whether we think it is today or not.

It changes day to day, Scott!

Plus, I guess, yeah, it sounds jump up, but literally it's jumped down.

So it's like a trap.

That's right.

Yeah.

I like things that have question marks at the end, like Ripley's Believe It or Not.

You know what I mean?

And then it's like you go in and decide whether you believe it or not.

Is love dead?

Yeah.

You don't know.

That's right.

Will I eat that?

Were you asking yourself that recently?

That's just a question people should ask themselves for every day.

Will I eat this?

Yeah.

I guess technically anytime there's food in front of you, you're asking yourself that.

True, because I've prepared it.

I put it on a plate.

Am I going to go for the full effect?

I guess are you talking about this pancake again?

Well, you don't want to eat that.

You don't want to eat that.

That's right.

You don't want to eat that.

She's going to find the right person that wants to eat your weird pancake.

Well, that's that's Nick Cave's butthole, not mine.

My butthole is pristine.

Describe it as a pancake.

Okay.

Gorgeous.

Made from all the delicious white flour that just looks like snow.

Also, when the snow starts to melt, then everything turns into vanilla.

That sounds delicious.

It's delicious.

You should have a side business of writing descriptions on menus, by the way.

Oh, I do have that.

You do have that.

How did I guess this?

This is amazing.

Which restaurants?

Ones in town?

Sugarfish.

You do sugarfish?

You do like the fancy...

Yeah, you got to ask for the special menu because on their menu, they're just like, oh, red snapper sushi.

Oh, we need some mochi.

It's boring.

But if you ask for the special menu, you get delicious descriptions of sushi and sake.

So speaking of the red snapper, describe that the way that you do on the menu, if you would.

Okay.

Hi, guys.

You start with, hey, guys.

Hey, guys.

That's friendly.

Hey, guys.

Karma, have you ever had something hit you in the ocean while you're swimming?

Did you look down in the water and see something?

Was it a whale?

I bet it wasn't because that's unlikely.

It might have been a fish.

Next time, pick it up out of the water.

Look at it closely.

Is it a red snapper?

I bet it is.

Did it give three wishes?

And that's the end?

It just ends there?

That's the end.

That's how you know I will eat this.

Okay.

Wow.

That is amazing.

We do need to go to a break, but before that, churches, are you guys ready to play your first song?

Yeah, yes.

We need to be focused.

Yeah, we need to focus, and then we'll do it.

So which song is, can we say what this is, or do you just want to hit us with it?

Just hit you with it.

Just hit us with it.

Yeah.

And this is what I like.

No spoilers.

Because I hate going to see a movie, and the title is already a spoiler.

Like, Captain America.

You've seen it all on the train.

Now we know Captain America is in this.

Yeah, exactly.

So I like what you guys are doing.

I don't know anything about your song.

I don't even know if this is going to be music.

We'll just see what comes out.

Well, you said that, but we were talking about the film The Meg the other day, and it sounded like a romantic comedy.

It really does.

Like, I'm dating The Meg.

Yeah, like she's kind of gotten to her Eat Pretty Love kind of sound like a goo-back time, and it's like, oh, The Meg.

I would be very disappointed if I went to see The Meg expecting a romantic comedy.

It's all just about a giant shark chasing Jason Statham.

But Jason Statham trying to find true love.

With a shark.

With THE Meg.

All right, Terjus, so just hit us with whatever this song is.

We're ready for it.

Beandip, you're ready for this?

We're going to be hearing music now.

I'm so ready.

I know what they're about to play, but I'm not going to tell.

Okay, you seem to know a lot about a lot of things.

All right, here we go.

This is Church's.

This is.

If you feel it, could you let me know?

I'm not asking for a miracle.

Ask me no questions.

I will tell you no lies.

I'm not asking for a miracle.

We're looking for angels in the darkest of skies.

I'm not asking for a miracle.

Ask me no questions.

I will tell you no lies.

I'm not asking for a miracle.

We're looking for angels in the darkest of skies.

I'm not asking for a miracle.

Ask me no questions.

I will tell you no lies.

I'm not asking for a miracle.

We're looking for angels in the darkest of skies.

I'm not asking for a miracle.

Oh, very good.

Very nice.

We're going to be right back with more Comedy Bang Bang, more churches, more bean dipping.

Oh boy.

Mary Lisa is here.

This is exciting.

We'll be right back with more Comedy Bang Bang after this.

Comedy Bang Bang.

We are back here with, uh, we just heard a song from, uh, Chavurch's, uh, beautiful.

And if I had to guess just from hearing that song, I would guess its title is miracles.

Am I right?

Close.

How close?

Only one.

Miracle?

Question mark.

Oh God.

I'm so sorry.

Miracle question mark.

Answering the musical question miracle.

Um, we also have been dip here who, uh, man, the way you were dancing during that song, I got to get it out.

She's our manager now.

You're representing these.

You have so many weird.

It's easy for me.

We get gigs in the w all the time.

Yeah.

Next week they're gonna play the rooftop for the w.

If we can get it worked out.

What do you need to get worked out?

Like you need to clear the rooftop?

Just got to clear the rooftop.

Get that pool taken out.

You're taking out the, that's why people go to the w.

We love the rooftop pool.

We got to get that taken out.

If my band is going to play there, you know, we would like, well, maybe we could rest everything on paddleboards, but we're like, well, it's electronic.

We don't want to like electrocute.

Just like put a pool cover on there or drain it or don't make them hard enough.

Cause it's an old timey thing.

I'm like, oh, let's walk out on this pool cover and everybody's there and get in the water.

Like, Oh, we fell in.

Yeah.

Okay.

I understand.

All right.

So you're just taking it out rather than filling it in.

We just got to get it all the way out.

Fill it with concrete.

All right.

Well, let's see if that time's out.

Well, who am I to tell you your business?

You're very successful.

You're far more successful than I am.

We're doing great.

Everything's going great.

All right.

Be nip.

All right.

Are you ready?

Is everyone ready for our next guest?

She's another entrepreneur.

I don't want any kind of like rivalry between two entrepreneurs here.

Okay.

Well, good luck.

And technically churches, you guys are entrepreneurs.

You started your own thing.

You Lauren, you've gone over the contracts.

I have.

Yeah.

I've checked them.

Lauren's very rich and we are not.

Yeah.

That's how I like, I just got a couple of changes.

Move some of these decimal points over here.

She understands.

I get it.

Well, I have no idea what her business is.

She's here to talk about it.

But she is certainly an entrepreneur.

There is no question about that.

Please welcome to the show.

Mary Lisa.

Oh, thank you.

Hello.

Hi.

How are you?

I just want to say, first of all, bean dip.

I'm a huge fan of ours.

What are you a fan of?

Just her personally or her?

Well, you know, I saw her speak at the women and entrepreneurial ship.

Conference the ship conference.

Wait, so this is a conference for ships.

Yes.

Or it was a conference on a ship.

It was a conference on a ship about ships, but also about starting businesses.

Oh my God.

That sounds fascinating.

I mean, it was four days of nonstop fun.

Four days.

And I'm really, I hope I did six hours.

I walked in there with a very small business idea.

And then I feel like at the end of it, it became like into fruition.

You know what I mean?

Wow.

Okay.

So, and you were speaking of this mean dip?

I was speaking at this and that's where we made friends.

So you guys are friends?

Oh, I had no idea.

Okay.

So you guys know each other.

We were talking a tricky, but I think maybe we will fist fight, but we are friends.

Yes.

I mean, women don't have to fight over everything all the time.

Of course not.

You know what I mean?

Exactly.

Not Mary Lisa.

We have to fight over men all the time.

It's so true.

Yeah. I mean, you meet in the square at midnight, you bring like mace and weapons and you fight over me.

Yeah.

I don't know.

Sticks, guns, knives, zip guns.

I don't fight over men.

I fight with men and you can ask my ex-husband about that.

Oh, how long were you married?

Only a few months.

Oh really?

Yeah.

It didn't go well.

What happened?

Well, the last time I was here, I was trying to, you were here before.

I was.

And I was trying to introduce a new business idea.

That's right.

No, no.

Now you're familiar.

You just stepped out of the shadows also.

Yes.

Yeah. You, you now have the Finn Wolfhard cut.

Yes. It's very popular.

I've heard it's what my hairdresser told me.

It's a lovely book.

But yeah, the last time I was here, I was like talking about Blue Apron and how boring it is that they have you make one meal.

That's right.

My pitch was to make 21 bite meals.

Yes.

Like 20 amuse-bouches.

Exactly.

Because then it just spices things up.

Exactly.

You don't want to be bored.

And that's exactly what my ex-husband said when he laughed.

I'm bored.

Oh, I'm so sorry.

Wasn't Nick Cave was it?

It was what?

And I will tell you, I liked his weird butthole.

Okay.

For the record, I like pancakes in all shapes and sizes.

Tell everyone.

I like the ones that like you put a cookie cutter in with like stars and stuff like that.

Well, that's not what his butthole looks like.

I guess I don't mean bottles.

I mean pancakes.

I'm glad you cleared that up.

Thank you.

Yes.

That was a close one.

So, you know, I've been here before and yes, that's right.

Yes.

I discussed my marriage last time, so I don't want to bring it up all the time.

Yeah, okay.

I'm more than just a divorced woman, you know?

Oh, of course.

This isn't my the Meg, you know what I mean?

I was not even going to bring up your divorce.

You're the one who brought it up.

So let's just move right past it.

Thank you.

And I am moving on, okay?

Good for you.

So you're dating?

No, no, not at all.

But emotionally?

Yes.

And I have a new business idea.

Great.

Okay.

So is this the one that you thought of on the ship?

Yes.

Okay.

What do you got?

Hit us with this.

So it's incredibly unorthodox, guys.

And it's actually specific a talent that I have.

So I really, I found out that I have this very special talent.

Okay.

And, you know, you've heard of 21 and Me or what is it?

23 and Me.

You've heard of Ancestry.com.

Sure.

Now these are the things where people spit in a cup and then they get a letter.

They find out what their background is, where they've come from.

And here's the thing that's happening now.

Police are getting your DNA and they're pinning crimes on you.

Yeah.

That's happening.

That's how they caught the Golden State Killer.

Well, you think the Golden State Killer did not do it?

You think he's been framed?

I mean, you don't know till you know.

It's hard to say.

I feel like one murder you're like, okay, two, and then you're like 13.

This is 13 on my wall.

Yeah, 13's a spanking.

Yes.

A lot of smoke.

Not C-Boy.

Yeah.

Um, so, so you, you believe that police, uh, our police force out there is pinning crimes on how often do you think this happens?

I mean, every day they're looking in the banks, those, you know, the spit banks.

Oh, I see.

And they're just, I thought you meant they were going to banks looking for bank robbers.

No, I wish it's such a problem.

And they're ignoring it.

Guys, go to the banks, go to the places that are being robbed.

If you just had policemen out there every day, no one would get robbed, right?

That's what they do in Gotham.

Yes.

Exactly.

So I actually discovered that I have the ability.

If I have someone's, let's say, I call it jizz, you might call it cum.

Oh, okay.

If I taste it.

The technical term.

Is jizz.

Well, I guess you could be even more medical than that.

It's Latin, right?

I did go to medical school for one day and on the first day they're like, guys, let's put this all to rest.

It's jizz.

That was the first thing they said?

She's right.

Yeah.

And I was like, I don't need to learn any more.

Check, please.

And they gave you a check?

So what?

You just paid your tuition right then for the whole year and you walked out?

For all four years.

Oh my God.

You pay for all four years?

I can't work at a hospital.

I've tried.

Oh my gosh.

But so now, now what are you saying that you, if I taste jizz?

Oh my goodness.

Okay.

I can tell you where you're from.

Where?

Okay.

I can tell you what your nationality is.

Okay.

And I can tell you what your background is.

So this is sort of like Henry Higgins in My Fair Lady.

He would be able to hear your accent and narrow it down to a square block, a square city block of where, where you were from.

Yes.

The jizz in Spain stays mainly on the plane of jizz.

Okay.

What's a calm?

Oh, well that's, I mean, I always come to Scott for my business names.

He's the best for this.

Oh, you want me to name it?

Well, I got a good name for it.

Okay.

Something about where you come from.

Oh my God.

Z-U-M.

Now I need to make a little asterisk that says not the medical term.

Right.

Because you think jizz is, yeah.

It's Latin, isn't it?

Jizz?

Yes.

Yeah.

Okay.

Yes.

So how did you find out that you have this ability?

Well, it was funny.

My ex-husband before he left, he was making a real mess, you know?

You say that like, I know what you mean.

I mean, look, we weren't intimate for a while.

He's just going everywhere.

You know what I mean?

No, I don't know what you mean by that.

Oh, Oh, I see.

Oh, okay.

He's very antisocial.

He had a backlog.

Yes.

I see.

Yeah.

He was just leaving on the floor.

And that's when I kind of scooped some up.

Cause I wasn't sure what it was.

Okay.

You know what I mean?

You saw some sort of substance.

You were like, what is this on the floor?

I thought, is this a pancake?

Cause you worked with a teeny tiny thing.

Yes.

Is this pancake batter?

That must've been an unfortunate surprise.

Yes.

Well, but then I discovered this talent I have.

So I, you know, sort of.

But didn't you know where your husband was from?

You'd like to think so.

But you hadn't talked.

You'd like to think so.

So take us through the process.

What would you, I scoop it.

Yeah.

Okay.

I guess I've, maybe I didn't mean the entire physical process of it, but I mean, what happens mentally to you when I, as I sort of, you know, I don't know that you need to make those sounds.

They may be grossing me out.

No, you do, but I don't know what you do currently.

And then, you know, it just, I see the map, the globe.

So it's like a beautiful mind here.

Yes. And I see glowing portions of where you're from.

So, you know, it's like, so this is almost like cerebras, uh, in the X-Men, uh, you know, that, uh, professor X would use to locate mutants.

Is that what you're saying?

This, I mean, am I a superhero?

I don't know.

If you guys are going to pin that on me, I'll take it.

Another question.

Am I a superhero?

It's like in Harry Potter where they put their faces in the pencif, but you're putting your face in jizz.

Exactly.

And are you putting your face in it?

I mean, listen, how it comes to me, that's up to you.

Now I want to be very clear.

I don't extract it.

Okay.

You're not part of the literal.

You have to give it to me.

Okay.

Yeah.

No, I would imagine.

And that's a lot like, you know, doing IVF or, uh, you know, anything of that nature, they don't want to be the ones literally, uh, uh, soliciting it.

Oh no.

I mean, I've been asked and first of all, I'm like, I don't know how to do that.

And wait, wait, wait, wait.

Sorry.

Let's back up.

Wait.

So your, your husband asked you to do this.

Well, ex-husband now.

And you said you don't know how.

Don't know how you should have continued to medical school.

That was a thing you could say.

It is.

I don't know.

Everyone with certain things are proffered on my, oh, my voice is my job.

I can't, I have to protect my throat.

So I'm sorry.

I just don't know how.

Well, and you, I just want to take it back because you think in medical school, they teach you how to do.

I don't know what I have gone.

Day one is jizz is the real name.

Day two.

They're like, here's how you get it.

Yeah.

I don't know.

I'm sure that would be covered slightly of like, what I mean, what are the parts that, that, that do it, you know?

Well, here's what I do.

It's a little kit you get in the mail and it's got a tube with a lid on it.

This is what, this is part of your business.

You send people like where you come from.

Okay.

And then a wink.

I think we should put a face winking.

Yeah.

And the sound effect.

Yes.

And then you get a kit, it's got a tube and it's got a tube to put the jizz into.

Oh, I see.

Not one that you have to put like a catheter.

No, no.

Okay.

And then it's got a drawing, a sketch of one nude man and one nude woman, depending on what you're into.

To get you going.

I see.

Who did the drawing?

Can I ask?

Oh, I did.

You did.

Do you have them here?

Yes, here they are.

Oh, Oh, that, those are very anatomically correct.

Thank you.

I told you I went to medical school.

Yeah.

That's, I mean, that's very detailed.

Yes.

I have to say.

Some people call me quite like medical in my approach.

Yeah.

I'm wondering why aren't you just an artist?

Because there's something about that that is really quite shocking yet.

Beautiful.

It's like a maple fork or something.

But don't you think I'm wasting this jizz talent if I become an artist?

Well, look, so every single time, and this is not exclusive to your husband.

You've you've.

Well, I mean, if anyone had any jizz in a tube on them now, I would gladly.

But what I've got a little bit.

Bean dip.

What are you doing with them?

Then this wasn't preplanned, but you guys knew each other.

This wasn't preplanned.

I just usually carry a bond or a tip, a tip of just just continue.

I don't know.

It's who's who's are you carrying around?

Bean dip.

My well then pass it over.

Let's do it.

Okay, here we go.

It might be a little hot.

I can't watch this.

She's making the sounds again.

Oh gosh.

Um, I would say Eastern European.

Oh my God.

Some Western European.

Oh my God.

All of Europe?

Um, yes.

All of Europe.

Are you able to break down the percentages as well?

Like 23 and me to know you just know again, the cops are not getting your DNA.

Isn't that more valuable?

Yeah.

I meant to ask you, what does this have to do with the cops?

Well, they can't get it from my mouth.

Oh, it's in the vault.

Exactly.

You have to.

Oh wait, that's going to be a lot of kombucha to get to deal with those sample sizes.

Are you trying to say that you're preventing cops from framing people using their semen you're welcome by you just having it in your mouth?

This is your business.

Yes.

If you send your jizz away to 23 and me, then cops don't have it.

No, they're going to get it.

Oh, you're saying that the cops have a pipeline.

That's how they know that's some sort of euphemism.

Jizz pipeline.

Yeah.

Okay.

Thank you.

But that's how that's how they're tracking down serial killers.

And listen, maybe some of these people have done these things, but what if they haven't?

What if you just wanted to know what part of Europe you're from, which I, again, to be clear, can't tell you exactly what part of Europe.

You just know Europe.

Yes.

It's not that big.

Yeah.

I thought that you said you were able to pinpoint exactly where people are from.

I said Eastern Europe.

And then you said Western Europe.

Okay.

But that's for her.

So I guess my question is, have you done this with anyone other than your husband and bean dip?

No.

So how do you know normally, how do you know it works so well?

Because you're starting a business now.

What if you get another sample and you're like, Oh, this is just something I knew where my husband was from.

And I hallucinated one day.

If you don't take risks in this lifetime, what are you doing?

I guess so.

I mean, to virtues, they started a band.

You guys didn't know you'd be popular to me, by the way.

I don't know that they want to be responsible.

Where you come from.

You can name it.

Oh, I love that.

So I'm just asking your listeners to simply send me their jizz.

And that's not a weird request.

I don't.

How are they going to send it to you there?

I thought you wouldn't mind if they send it here to the studio.

Please.

We don't look, we need to take a break.

We do.

We don't want anyone sending it here, please.

Just tell them the address.

No, no, no, no.

Let's take another break.

When we come back, we'll have more to virtues.

We'll have more bean dip and more Mary Lisa.

We'll be right back.

Comedy bang bang.

We're back here.

We have a new record, love is dead in stores now.

And you sing a song with a friend of the show.

Matt burninger is on this.

Yeah.

He sings also called my enemy.

What do you do?

Do you give you a garage band file?

Is that how he does it?

You're like, did he give you a tube?

I'm like, no.

Oh, good.

Yeah, I guess what we've made the demo of it, the three of us here.

And then we sent him the files.

He recorded his vocal.

You're crazy.

Send it back.

We also have Mary Lisa here.

Hi.

What was going on with you during the commercial break?

Well, I was just trying to solicit jizz from the band.

Yeah, they seemed very uninterested in this.

I mean, they don't want to know where they come from, I guess.

Do you guys already know your genealogy histories, I suppose?

Yeah, I guess being actually we're European, you probably roughly know that, you know, if that's the degree of detail, I'm like, well, we know we're European.

So like, I don't know if you need to be there.

Which I think is quite detailed in my opinion.

Quite detailed.

You could find a relative that way.

Just Europe.

Just ask around.

Just ask any other kind of gingery people that we see.

We're like, you're from Europe too.

Yeah.

I guess I'm putting this, are you all sort of gingery?

Is that a...

I've definitely got gingery undertones.

I used to say I didn't buy do.

I definitely do.

Ian and I have ginger faces.

Faces.

Okay.

Yeah.

Starting to get a bit greener, but when this grows, it's usually like red.

That's his beard.

It's like podcast.

You can't see what you're pointing at.

Oh, yeah.

Beard.

The beard.

Here's an idea for your next record.

You all are, well, I mean, just you, Ian and Martin.

You guys grow beards, right?

Like really big, long ones.

And then you have your picture on the cover and you call it church's, we have beards now.

And it's like album four.

I mean, I think that gives people a lot to talk about.

It's like the inverse Kings of Leon.

Like when they shave their beards off, they got like super pop.

So when you guys grow your beards and we'll be like black metal or something.

Yeah.

The inverse fleet Fox is sort of, I was thinking more kind of ZZ top maybe.

Yeah.

Those guys, they're too locked into it.

See, they made the big mistake.

You know, they, they could have like come back after eliminator and been like, okay, we shaved our beards, but they just got too locked into it for like three or four records.

They can't shave them off.

But the drummers, the drummer is beardless and is called beard.

Yeah, exactly.

Isn't that so weird?

Frank beard, Frank beard, something like that.

Yeah.

Lauren.

That's that's that's it.

We've got beards.

Lauren doesn't have, and she's got Lauren beard.

This is blowing my fucking mind right now.

It's crazy.

Bean dip.

You got anything to say about this beard situation?

We'll discuss it.

They'll we'll discuss it with their manager.

Me.

I'm not, I'm not super into it because a big beard covers a handsome face.

I don't want to cover up those hands and faces cause I'm trying to sell tickets and it makes it harder for them to be enlisted in the jazz sampling.

Yeah.

No, I'll taste the jizz.

No one is asking you.

Just catch her.

Mary, it seems to me like you started this business because you have a taste for the stuff and you just, I mean, it's delicious.

Everyone can agree.

Why did you break up with your husband then?

If you like it so much, to be clear, he broke up with me.

What happened again?

I don't, I know I said I wasn't going to bring this up, but he doesn't support my business ideas.

I don't know that I don't know how to give blow jobs.

I think would be a main reason.

It's easy.

How I told you I dropped out before they got that.

They got there in medical school to quote Samantha from sex in the city.

Honey, they don't call it a job for nothing.

That is a good impression.

Oh my God.

Yeah.

And I thought I was like 13 when I was watching that.

I was like, okay.

And now, well, cause you know, that was the time I was on telly and then now it's a 30 year old woman.

I'll make Samantha very wise.

She's a genius.

At the time you're like, Samantha, come on.

You're too cynical.

I don't know what that is, but yeah.

Do you do any of the other sex in the city girls?

Um, Carrie always does that thing where she's writing wistfully and she's like, and I began to wonder.

That's not a bad care.

I think you do more impressions than you think you do.

She does.

Is it necessary for a woman to taste jizz in order to find out more about the man in her life?

Yes.

Yeah.

The episode ends with a resounding yes.

Asking the musical question.

She would have figured out more about big early on.

She's just done it right up front.

Yeah.

Not to throw your beards idea out, but I think the next album should be called jizz question mark.

And that's my final pitch.

How crazy would that be if that literally was your album title?

Jizz is dead.

Love is love is jizz.

Like would everyone be like churches just came out with an album and it's called jizz for some reason?

Very high marks on pitch.

That's true.

Yeah.

8.9.

Well guys, we're getting, uh, uh, down to the end of our show.

Uh, uh, and we just have one final feature before you play your final song to virtues.

Uh, and that is a little something that we like to call plugs.

Nice.

That was baggage time by the human neighbor.

And a Chavar, you guys are a band.

What would you, uh, I've never heard that band before.

You've never heard that band before.

Do you think they have a future?

I like John Legend, the vocal, but John Legend doesn't do as much of the bet.

That's true.

She could get 10.1.

10.1.

Whoa.

That's off the scale.

This is amazing.

Yeah.

Uh, all right.

Uh, Chavar, what are you guys plugging here?

Uh, obviously you have the new record.

Love is dead is in stores and you have tour dates.

We have tour dates.

Yeah, we're going to be across most of the United States in September, October.

And we're playing here.

We're playing the Greek on the 23rd of September, 23rd of September.

And, uh, something surprising happening in the middle of that.

Wait, wait, wait, wait.

Is it an award show?

Are the Grammys Grammys?

No, we had to make our own Grammys.

Yeah, we're doing our own Grammys on top of the W hotel in Hollywood.

Oh, wow.

Okay.

As soon as that pool is taken out, the Gammies.

Yeah.

You guys know what a Gammie is?

No.

What is that?

Is that a Scottish thing?

It's a slang term for the thing that Mary Louise can't do.

The job.

Can't.

Oh, so if you're giving Gammies, is that how people say it?

Yeah, you can give a Gammie.

You can give a Gammie.

You can receive a Gammie.

It's quite disgusting.

It's very like automatic.

Yeah.

It's also what my aunt wanted her grandkids to call her.

Which is very odd.

Yeah.

There's some things that don't translate like Fanny, very different in Britain.

Very different.

I love that name and you can't.

Yeah.

It's like not cute.

It means butt here and then vagina there.

But it also Fanny be tender with my love that Bee Gees song.

It's like, what are they singing about?

They're British as well.

Yeah, they should know better.

So what was that?

By the way, you have jokes by the way.

They don't know.

Knock.

Don't get nervous.

Knock.

Who's that?

The Bee Gees don't even realize they're talking about a front butt.

It's kind of, yeah.

If that works.

Well, you can't make your own applause sounds Bean Dip.

Wow.

How deep is your love?

There was a pub in a town near where we come from.

It's called Fanny by Gaslight, which I guess is named after a book.

Is it a yieldy book?

And then I'll say, I don't want to buy gas lights.

It's the only one.

Putting one by a gaslight, by the way, it's very dangerous.

Yeah.

Risk of fire.

Yeah.

Anything else you want to plug?

I mean, the floor is still open for plugs.

I'll take any that you have.

No, we'll just be out peddling our wares for the next year or so.

How much do you think people should spend on your album?

Is it a like a 9.99?

Is it like a full price?

If you want to buy it full price, that's totally cool.

If you want to stream it for free, then you can do that too.

We live in a democratic society.

The vinyl that will cost you, I don't know, is it about 25 bucks or something?

I don't know.

It took us a really long time to make it.

If that sells it in any way.

It was hard.

We had like at least three arguments during the process.

At least three.

So I'm thinking four?

Less than six, more than three.

Four or five arguments somewhere in there.

Wow.

What were the arguments that can you get?

What was the song that was most argued about?

I don't think the ones that we argued about massively.

They're gone.

Okay.

Because I want like people to listen to the song and just imagine people shouting over it.

Well, they had a fight.

I don't want to tell you what it was about, but they had a fight and they called each other bellends.

Bellends?

Well, that means...

Is that about the door that wasn't locked?

Yeah.

I thought you were like, you're being a bellend.

No, that's pure bellend behavior.

And they were screaming at each other in the living room of an Airbnb and it was horrible.

So please buy the album so that like you think of my pain in that moment.

As it actually happens, I think that Lauren and I had gone out or something.

We didn't lock the door.

And we accidentally didn't lock the door.

And Ian came home and it kind of looked like the place had been burgled.

It was pitch black and the door was wide open.

I was like, Oh my God.

There's going to be someone in here with an axe.

It was really intense.

Yeah.

Wow.

Emotions were high.

What a story.

I'd love to make a movie based on that story.

It'd be like a short 824.

Oh no, I want to make it a long, I think it's three hours long.

Just me in the living room and be like, stop fighting.

A three hour argument where people are calling each other bellends.

In reality, it was over in a minute and a half.

And then we were hugging about five minutes.

And a little bit crying as well.

You know, like, you know that type of vibe.

Yeah.

If we could make it kind of like abstract.

I think you guys should hug and cry at the end of every performance.

I think that would be another thing too, like churches.

We're going to do that.

If you come see us, we're going to hug.

Those are the only bodily fluids will be excreting.

I get it.

Well, speaking of bodily fluids, Mary Lisa, I'll let you plug something here.

Obviously you have your, uh, your, your, my jizz company.

Oh gosh.

But if you like comedy, you can go see a good friend of mine.

Who's this friend?

Her name's Holly Prasov.

Oh, okay.

Perform at Upright Citizens Brigade.

The second Wednesday of every month, UCB sunset at eight 30.

Every month.

Yes.

Second Wednesday of every month.

The second Wednesday of every month.

That's amazing.

So, so, uh, not, it will never be the night before Thanksgiving.

Is that the promise that she makes?

Yes, I think so.

She makes a lot of promises and never follows through.

So we'll see.

Okay.

So Holly Prasov over there, second Wednesday at the, which UCB?

UCB sunset.

And then again, if you'd like to send your jizz to the Airwolf video, please do.

And I'll give it a taste.

Oh my gosh.

Bean dip.

You want to plug anything?

Sure.

What the hell, man?

Throw caution to the winds here.

Okay.

Roll down the window, get up on the freeway.

I'll tell, I like to tell everybody, go see my friend, Edie Patterson.

Every Thursday night at Groundlings on Melrose.

And also if you want to watch something on a TV, watch, um, both seasons of Vice Principals from HBO.

Oh, I like that show.

Yeah.

That's a great show, man.

Why do you like that show?

Just cause I like fun.

I like also my friend is in it.

And so who I was telling you about, but why are you such good friends with this Edie Patterson person?

Cause we dated.

It was easy.

You dated her too?

It was easy.

Oh my gosh.

All right.

Let's close up the old plug bag.

Here we go.

Whoa.

What a bag.

It's time to open it.

It's time to open the bag.

Oh, what do you guys think of that song?

Wow.

That's an original.

110.1.

Oh my God.

Wow.

I'm going to be Pitchfork famous.

Yeah.

Uh, all right guys.

Thanks so much for being on the show.

Bean dip.

Always good to see you.

I love all of your schemes.

Good to see you baby.

Thank you for living.

Please don't call me baby.

What?

Cool.

Love loves it.

Cool.

Wait.

Oh, that's right.

You've been with cool up before.

My wife, I forgot about that.

Yeah.

Mary Lisa, thank you so much.

Good luck with whatever you have going on next.

Cause this is not going to stay.

Oh, that's yeah.

I was going to say it's not going to stick, but it obviously is.

It is sticky.

And churches, you guys have one more song here.

What do you, uh, what are we going to hear from you?

We do.

Um, it's a song called graffiti or graffiti graffiti.

Do you prefer it if people say it in like a New York accent?

No, it's graffiti.

Yeah.

That's how we would say it.

Or graffiti or graffiti.

Whatever you like.

And this is off the new album.

Love is dead.

Uh, all right.

Let's you guys ready to play it?

Sure.

All right.

Let's hear it.

Here we go.

This is churches.

I'm ready to ask you, did you achieve all you wanted to do?

Before we were dragged up, something was different.

Nothing was new.

How did you see me?

We didn't know what we wanted to be.

When did we move on?

I didn't feel it.

Nobody told me.

Time to kill.

It was always an illusion.

Time stood still.

And now we never will.

Or wrote our names along the bathroom walls.

Graffiti in our hearts across the stones.

I've been waiting for my whole life to grow old.

And now we never will, never will.

Now we never will, never will.

Standing in street lights.

We didn't know wrong, didn't know right.

Making a mess and running in circles.

Getting in fights.

We were just kids then.

We didn't know how, didn't know when.

Taking our chances, going it off and starting again.

Time to kill.

It was always an illusion.

Time stood still.

And now we never will.

Or wrote our names along the bathroom walls.

Graffiti in our hearts across the stones.

♪ I've been waiting for my whole life to go on ♪ ♪ And now we never will, never will ♪ ♪ Now we never will, never will ♪ ♪ And now we never will, never will ♪ ♪ And now we never will, never will ♪ ♪ Never will ♪ ♪ Never will ♪ ♪ I wrote our names along the bathroom walls ♪ ♪ We're feeding our hearts across the stars ♪ ♪ I've been waiting for my whole life to go on ♪ ♪ And now we never will, never will ♪ ♪ And now we never will, never will ♪ ♪ And now we never will, never will ♪ ♪ And now we never will, never will ♪ ♪ And now we never will, never will ♪ Oh, very good.

All right, thanks guys.

We'll see you next time.

Thanks, bye.
