---
layout: page
title: 564. Zach Galifianakis, Andy Daly, Nicole Parker [https：⧸⧸cloudfront.wolfpub.io⧸CBB-564-20180906-GalifianakisDaly-RCv02-PW.mp3].mp3.wav
category: cbb 
---

♪ Comedy Bang Bang ♪ She'll be coming around the mountain driving six white horses when she comes, if you're into that kind of thing.

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

Whoa, Ryan!

That was the biggest mistake you have ever made on this show.

What was that, if I may?

Don't get on mic.

Welcome to the show.

Thanks to Colfax McLiverneck for that cash raise submission.

And thanks to whatever band that was and whatever iTunes faux pas that Ryan engaged in.

A lot of shenanigans going on here to the left of me with our engineer.

But welcome to the show.

My name's Scott Aukerman, and welcome to Comedy Bang Bang for another edition.

And we have an incredible show.

We have, coming up a little later, we have a royal watcher Byron Denniston.

Our old friend will be back.

And so much going on in the news with the royals.

And we'll probably talk about Meghan Markle, I would imagine, and all sorts of things.

And we also have musician Celine Dion will be here, a musician of note.

But coming up first here, and to my immediate right, I would say, at my two or three, probably at my 230, is an old friend of the show.

He's been on, I believe, his first episode was episode 14 back in the, back in 19, no, back in 2009 would be what it is.

And a mere 550 episodes later, here he is again.

He is the star of such films as...

Who cares? Baskets is a thing.

Please welcome Zach Galifianakis. Hello.

Hi, Scott.

How are you?

I'm sure peppy when there's mics in front of you.

Not really like our personal conversation.

No.

Gotta bring the energy to the show.

It's like when I talk to you regularly, it's like there's like an OD of melatonin or something.

Wait, so I'm boring when you talk to me?

Do you want me to talk like this?

I would rather you be like this.

Really?

Okay.

No problem.

Who will do?

But I will be a little bit wilted today.

Okay.

Yeah.

I'm half half asleep as it is.

Now, a lot of this would would be corrected if you just talked into the mic.

See now, it's okay that you're tired, but if you just like literally like put the mic next to your mouth, then...

How's that?

Yeah, much better.

You sound so much more lively.

How are the levels?

Ryan, do you have anything you want to play?

Any sort of music that you want to hit us with?

Zach, welcome to the show.

I think that Ryan, that mistake that he made, I think that you were a little harsh on him.

And I think in these sensitive times, I think that was misplaced rage on your part.

You think I just me too'd him?

I don't know what you want to call it or how you want to tweet it, but...

Yeah, I do want to tweet about this.

Hey Ryan, do you mind if I tweet about this?

No, Ryan doesn't mind if I tweet about this.

So...

I'm on Ryan's side on this one.

You are?

Okay, great.

Well, we'll see, you know, how's it feel to be on the wrong side of history?

Usually, just the usual.

Zach, it's so good to see you.

Of course, Baskets is in its third season currently airing.

No, what is going on with Baskets?

You have a season four coming up?

Down the line somewhere?

I think they're getting to, I think we're getting ready to start.

They, the writers will be writing it soon.

How does that mean they're getting ready to start?

It's just training.

They're communicating with their family?

They're sharpening their pencils.

We, they have, there's a, we send them to a place.

So they have to go write.

The pencils.

We send the pencils to a place to get sharpened.

Yeah, and the writers have to go to them.

Yeah, I think they're starting to write it soon.

Okay.

Getting ready to start writing.

And of course, we all know your, your character Fred Baskets, who does the, I haven't seen the show.

What is it about?

The show, it's been a while since I've seen it, but I think...

You used to watch it every night, is that right?

I used to come over to your place and you'd have it like, and not on a TV.

You'd be through a projector, like an old film projector.

I have it on the exterior of my house.

With speakers.

Just trying to get the word out about this great new show.

I find self-promotion and getting your brand out there is, is the utmost important.

What is your brand by the way?

I've always wondered.

Half Mike Pence, half Jimmy Dean Sausage.

Okay.

Yeah.

Though the, your, your top half is Jimmy Dean Sausage.

Yeah.

No.

Now, give us, give us a clue as to what you're going to instruct the writers to write about the first season four, coming out sometime within the next calendar year.

Well, it must be in cursive.

Right.

Of course.

The entire show is in, is in longhand.

Yes.

And the teleprompters that you use, because you don't memorize lines as I recall.

As you recall from what?

From a podcast that I've done with you that I don't memorize lines.

Is this, are you suggesting that this is scripted?

I've, well, I've been on the set several times of baskets.

You, you gave me a tour once you were like, I won a contest.

Remember that time you were like, I was surprised that you were the one that entered the contest.

Well, I got to get some FaceTime with you somehow.

You won't answer my FaceTimes.

But I, I, what was weird was the teleprompter was all in longhand.

There's no teleprompter.

That is not true.

It's what?

I've never used.

I would have said, what were those, what were those machines?

That is, I am copying actors.

Oh, those were broadcasting like famous actors.

Yes.

And I'm copying their every moves.

Oh, okay.

Like physically.

Yes.

Yeah.

I noticed you have some sort of a, yeah, definitely when he was making the salad dressing, especially like a lot of it, like the creamier, the better.

Now some sort of fat joke.

Some sort of, although it's harder and harder to do that with you.

Although these days I did want to make it more difficult for people to, you got to really find the angles.

So my svelte levels are much higher now.

What do we have?

We have a 78 svelte level.

As far as svelting goes.

Yeah.

I think, yeah, I'm around, I'm, I'm right around mid seventies.

Mid seventies.

That's great.

Yeah.

It's a good level.

Good level to be at.

Tell us about, you know, everyone knows Zach Galifianakis, the comedian, the personality, the, the movie star.

Tell us about Zach Galifianakis, the man.

He's dead inside.

And that's not, there's not much more you need to know.

Now you, you are, you, you did say you were tired.

And that is because you were telling me on the ride up here, we both drove up here from Tijuana.

Yeah.

You were telling me, but you were up all night doing some interesting, performing some interesting activities or functions or what exactly, why are you so tired?

Is I guess my, the simplest way to ask this question.

Why are you tired?

Tell me why you're tired.

I, um, well, as you know, as we've discussed many times off air, I make bricks.

Yes.

Bricks of cocaine.

Nope.

No, none of cocaine.

No.

Just bricks.

Just building bricks.

Yeah.

Just, uh, what are those made of?

I don't even know.

Like you look at something, you're like, that's a brick.

Clay.

The way I do it, I put a little fiber in there.

Some feathers from some local pigeons.

Dead pigeons or do you, are these just pluck them right off a live pigeon?

You can sometimes do that.

Sometimes you do need to step on their necks.

Okay.

Yeah.

Just to end their lives.

And yeah, everyone's alive.

And all of my years of pigeon hunting for brick for brickmaking, I've never seen a baby pigeon.

Really?

So you think these things come out adults?

Are they the only living organisms that come out of the womb as adults?

Well, they come out of the egg, I would imagine.

Yeah, I get well, yeah.

When I say womb, I mean, uh, of course eggs.

That's what I call eggs when I eat them in the morning.

Two wombs over easy.

Can you also get, say, get an egg when you see people?

Let's get a womb.

Room.

Not a womb.

Sorry.

I got to get an egg.

I always get room and womb.

So when I see a couple making out on the street, I pass by and I say, get an egg.

Is that what you're saying?

Yeah.

That's good.

Instead of womb.

That's a solid piece of biz.

How's the, how are the brick, uh, how's the selling the bricks or do you just make them?

I'm making them for a shed.

How many have you made at this point?

The bricks?

Yeah.

I've got 564.

564.

Yeah.

Okay.

Yeah.

I make a brick at night.

So you've been doing this for about a year and a half?

Yep. If you do the math on that, that would have been about a year and a half.

You had to babysit the bricks while they're in the oven.

You can't just like go to sleep.

Yeah.

Because otherwise.

Turn it and stuff.

And so, uh, that's why I'm a little tired, a little low energy.

Why are you making a shed?

What's, what's going to go down in this shed?

I mean, um, man, I just, I just love the idea of a man cave and how people talk about it.

Well, you have a lot of sports.

You have a lot of sports memorabilia.

Marketed to men that how important to me.

Yeah.

Don't you have like, what's your favorite team?

You have a lot of, uh, pennants and jerseys.

The Jacksonville Nuggets.

Yeah.

The Nuggets.

Yeah.

They're great.

Yeah.

They're good.

They throw that, uh, uh, what do they throw a ball or is it they hit something with a stick?

I can't recall exactly what the Nuggets do.

Denver Nuggets or basketball.

Right.

But the Jacksonville ones.

Oh, those guys.

Yeah.

Whatever.

They're outdoor checkers.

Outdoor checkers.

Right.

So you have checkers, a lot of memorabilia.

They hit those, uh, the, what do you call them?

The time clocks and everything.

Uh, yeah.

I've seen those in movies, like searching for Bobby Fisher and stuff like that.

Usually when you want to show someone smart, you show them out there in the park playing checkers against like a, you know, a random person.

Is Bobby Fisher known for checkers?

I think so.

That's how we got to start was in checkers.

Um, Zach Alifianakis is here.

Always a pleasure to talk to him.

Can you stick around?

It is a pleasure.

You're not performing community service by being here.

Are you?

I'm not, you know, on my drive here while I was in, I was like, what, why?

Why did you agree to this?

Like why?

Yeah.

Where do you live by the way?

What's your address?

I currently live.

And you know this.

Yes.

Trump tower.

Right.

Yes.

In New York city.

And how's it been lately?

I know there was that guy in there a month, cause I'm more, more larger.

Oh yeah.

The winter White House.

Of course you like to be there during the summer.

Summer.

Yeah.

Okay.

Well, great.

So it's hard cause I didn't vote for him, but it's, it's hard to just live in that place.

And also they happened to vacation.

You just happened to be there before he ever became president.

Those are your main spots.

Yeah.

Those are my go-to spots.

It's tough now, but you're not going to move.

No, I've fully invested in living there for the rest of my life.

Both places, no matter what happens.

No matter what happens.

Did you sign a contract or something?

What?

Uh, well it was passed, it's been passed down for my, um, great aunt.

Oh.

And then the Trump Tower when I just bought, uh, after, you know, Hangover two.

That's why I did Hangover two is to get a Trump Tower address.

I have a penthouse.

Yeah.

Oh, a penthouse.

Wow.

That's up there at the tippy top.

Yeah.

It's got a, it's got a glass, glass toilet.

So when you go to the bathroom, you can see everything that you leave in there.

That's the sign of a rich person.

Mm-hmm.

That's what the guy that sold it to me.

That's exactly what he said.

You seem gullible.

Huh?

I do?

Yeah.

Well, Zach Kalfanek, it's always great to have you on the show.

Uh, we, we have some other guests we have to get to.

I mean, uh, and, and I would say show business people, not show business people.

They're all equally important.

So you don't mind that we spend a lot of time with our next guests, right?

You don't feel slighted?

No, I prefer to, I actually prefer just to not say much because I enjoy the guests, especially I'm a, I'm a fan of Celine Dion.

Yeah.

That's exciting to have a star like her on this show, a musician.

And I'm always excited to hear about what Byron has to say.

Yeah.

Oh, you've heard Byron's previous appearances on the show.

Okay.

I never missed a podcast of yours.

I did not know that about you.

Your whole umbrella network network.

I've never missed anything.

Everything on the entire network you've heard?

God, what a fan right here.

I don't know how you find the time, but I appreciate it.

Well, speaking of finding the time, he, uh, this is a man who checks his watch.

Uh, occasionally I would presume, uh, and he finds it, uh, whenever he does so, uh, he's been on the show before.

He is what they call a Royal watcher.

Please welcome to the show, Byron Denniston.

Thank you very much indeed.

It's wonderful to be here.

And yes, you're right.

I do check my watch when I want to know.

And if it's broken, it's probably correct twice a day.

This is what they say, isn't it?

I personally, personally, uh, cannot agree.

I have not tested the theory, but your watches have always been broken.

Watch is right twice a day.

I've not tested the theory myself.

Yes.

But yours is in perfect working order.

It is in perfect, perfect working order.

British engineering in every inch of this watch.

No parts in Japan.

None whatsoever.

Wow.

This is Zach Galifianakis by the way.

Hello, Mr. Galifianakis.

He is a, he's a television and movie star.

I don't know whether you have time.

Take your word for it.

Now.

I haven't got the time to do to be entertained.

Not in any way at all.

As you know, I'm very, very busy keeping my eye on the Royals and the wonderful Royals of Britain.

And I do want to apologize because we had spoken a bit earlier about me coming here to cover for you the Royal wedding of Prince Harry, the duchen, the Duke, his Royal highness, the Duke of Sussex to a princess, Megan Markle.

Now her Royal highness, the Duchess of Sussex.

And we had spoken about me covering it, but unfortunately I was not able.

I was otherwise detained.

You were, when you say detained by having another commitment.

Yes, very much so.

I'm very, very committed to something else.

Very committed.

I had spent a small amount of time in Wandsworth prison in London during that period of time.

Heartbreaking to me to have to miss a Royal wedding.

I would have been in the carriage with them as you know.

Oh yes.

If not for having this engagement.

We'll figure out exactly what happened there, but let's catch everyone up on your previous appearance.

When we first met you, you were a Royal watcher, which we presume to mean that you kept tabs on the Royal family and reported bad.

But you do that to the extreme because describe your methods of watching the Royals.

Well, as you may know, the entire Royal family lives at Kensington palace, which borders on Hyde park in London.

It's right next door.

And so it's very easy to climb up into a tree there in Hyde park and keep your eye on them.

And then once you're up in that tree, as long as you know, sort of the patterns of what the guards do and where the cameras are, it's, it's quite easy then to simply drop onto the property itself.

And I believe that this is encouraged by the Royal family.

You know, they, they want to be reported on.

The people have a right to know what the monarchy is up to.

And so you just sort of, you know, if you're really committed Royal watcher, you do some skulking around and whatnot, and you may interact from time to time with their babies and, Oh, the ba, Oh my goodness.

From time to time, there is some interaction with their babies.

Interaction.

Yes.

I did that.

I don't know what you mean by that.

Hopefully just conversation.

Well, it's hard to talk with the baby, isn't it?

Can't really have carry on much of a conversation with the baby.

Okay.

You'll want to do other things offsite.

Offsite.

Meaning you're taking the babies elsewhere.

Yes.

I find it much easier to, to sort of interact with the baby.

I still don't quite know what you mean.

Zach, do you know what it means to interact?

What's, uh, well, let him speak.

I mean, I think, uh, you're right.

You're right.

I should let, yeah, I'm sorry to interrupt you so many times.

I guess I'm just trying to nail down specifics on exactly what you're talking about.

I prefer not to nail down the specifics.

That's my goal is to keep the specifics rather vague.

I see.

Yes.

Because all I'm saying is yes, I will occasionally put myself on the property there at Kensington palace and, and if possible, interact with the baby offsite somewhere else, doing whatever it is that I feel is appropriate.

Okay.

But I just want to, in my role as a Royal watcher, I want to assuage our listeners that, uh, uh, when you say whatever you feel appropriate, it's nothing, uh, uh, of a nature.

Uh, what am I trying to say?

Well, let me just clarify something.

Yes.

You're not an official Royal watcher, meaning this is not an official.

You're not paid to do this.

Oh no, the Royal family itself does not pay me a salary to watch them.

And no, no, no.

Good clarification.

Do they, uh, uh, officially endorse what you're doing?

I believe no, not, not in any official capacity.

They had never released an official statement from the palace.

Unofficially do they endorse this?

I believe they do.

I believe they incur, I have, I have received certain signs of encouragement here and there that my, uh, uh, uh, efforts are appreciated.

Kidnapping of the children.

This is the word.

This is the word that is commonly used to describe my interactions with their babies.

In a legal sense, commonly used?

Yes.

In a legal sense.

Yes.

This word has been used and I think it's inappropriate.

I'm not kidnapping them.

I'm simply interacting with them offsite for the purpose of, uh, watching the Royals.

So this is an offsite interaction?

That's correct.

It's an offsite interaction with the Royals.

I understand.

So, uh, something that's from time to time rituals involved.

This is what I'm trying to get at exactly.

Because, uh, when I, when I hear offsite interactions, you know, the, the mind reels at this, I would love to, uh, you know, exactly nail down what, what type of interaction.

I'm trying very hard not to nail down these things.

I mean, I am on the advice of a little more embarrassed to keep things as vague as possible.

That's what we call a lawyer in England.

Do you?

Zach, I don't know.

Oh, there's one of the coffee, the people that serve coffee.

Oh, those we call lawyers.

Yeah.

Have the baris.

Oh, have the lawyers then, uh, interacted with you at all?

Only when I order a coffee.

Right.

How often would that be?

Every day.

So 365 days a year.

365 days a year.

You ever think of making it at home?

No, I can't do that.

No, I don't, I don't live in a proper home.

Where do you live?

Do you live in a tree?

You live there in the trees.

In Hyde Park.

Well, a system of trees.

Oh, okay.

When you say a system, meaning the interconnected trees, their branches are intertwined or.

That's precisely right.

You understand trees quite well.

The branches do interact.

Sort of a rockabye baby type of situation there in the treetop.

I'm not a baby.

No.

You have interacted with babies offsite.

Indeed.

Yes.

Okay.

Yes.

Do you have a profession that you...

A royal watcher.

I'm a royal watcher.

You don't get paid for that.

Not at the present time.

No.

Nor in any past time?

Well, that's true.

In point of fact, I've never in fact been paid to watch the royals.

Although some people are, you know.

You know that.

People are paid by various publications and whatnot.

I've simply never lucked into a position like that.

You've never engaged with another publication?

I never have.

Never have.

Not for lack of trying.

I write a letter every day to the Daily Mail.

Do you do this after you visit the coffee shop?

It is from the coffee shop that I...

Oh, I see.

So missives from the coffee shop.

Then I go straight to the post office.

Okay.

I'm really getting a good sense of your day.

So you come down from the tree.

Yes, that's right.

I do.

Go over to the coffee shop.

That's correct.

Yes.

Order the coffee from the lawyer.

And then write a missive.

Yes.

Personalized stationary or...

Personalized stationary.

What does it say?

It usually says the name of a restaurant on the back of it.

Okay.

So someone else's personalized stationary.

No, I'm saying just something.

I need to find my paper in a trash can.

Sure.

I mean, you may live in trees.

It's not to say that you can slice off parts of them to make paper.

I've never tried it.

No.

Okay.

And then you mail it off at the post office, you say?

Straight to the post office.

Straight there.

No deviations.

None whatsoever.

Ever.

I will not accept a deviation.

Okay.

And then the rest of your day is open for...

For watching the Royals.

Got it.

Yes.

Got it.

Just quickly, back to...

Yes, yes, yes.

Take your time if you like.

Okay.

As far as gathering food for yourself, you're not a squirrel.

You live in a tree.

Thank you.

No, thank you for the question and for the chance to clarify.

Yes.

For the listeners out there who cannot see him, he's not a squirrel.

Right.

So, but...

Very good.

But you have to...

How do you get food?

You seem nourished.

You seem...

Yes.

You don't even seem like the type of person that would live in a tree.

You don't seem over nourished.

You don't seem under nourished.

You seem...

I'm around a 70, mid 70s.

Yeah, on the Svelte scale?

On the Svelte scale, yes.

I've been told that.

So, I'm in the suit and you don't seem...

Yes.

You seem like you're a person who uses money to exchange that for goods and services.

Well, I appreciate the compliment.

That is in fact not the case.

Oh.

If you've ever been to Hyde Park in London, you may know that people tend to bring their lunch there or even their breakfast or their dinner.

And if you are stealthy, fleet to foot...

Like mid 70s on the stealth scale?

Yeah.

Yes.

Their lunch can...

They'll be more than happy to share their lunch with you if you're stealthy enough.

In a legal sense, sharing their lunch or...

I'm not saying a contract has been drawn up.

A verbal contract even?

Not to...

No.

Not that I'm aware of.

So, when by sharing, what percentage of the lunch is being eaten by you?

It depends how quickly I see them with it.

Right.

And how stealthy I am.

Right.

So, it's a sliding scale based on those two factors?

Yes, precisely.

Precisely.

Sometimes, yes.

Okay.

So, and then how are you paying for the coffee in the morning and the postage?

Well, yes.

That has to...

Again, this is the sort of thing my barrister would probably tell me to keep rather vague.

Okay.

You know, people carry on them in their bags and in their pockets.

What are we talking about?

Cellphones?

Not cellphones, no.

What are we saying?

Oh, wallets.

Yes.

Okay.

A lot of people carry around wallets.

Within those wallets sometimes is paper money.

Frequently paper money or coinage.

Must be getting harder and harder for you as people are moving to paperless and, you know, credit cards to pay for everything.

No, not really.

Because you can, and again, I'm not saying that I would do this, hypothetically speaking, you can take any number of credit cards and use them once or twice.

Sure.

You know?

For a good...

Before it's any sort of...

Yeah, maybe $20 here, $50 here before it's noticed.

Yes, besides anyone notices and sort of fraud detection.

What would you be buying with credit cards?

A baby carriage or...

How do you transport the children?

Would you...

We'll get to the why of it, but just...

No, I don't know that we will get to the why of it.

I heard that Disneyland, that pretty much every day at Disneyland, babies are stolen by people, and what they do is they take them immediately into the bathroom, they bleach their hair to make them blonde, and then they carry them out as if they're their own.

Is that...

Is there anything like this going on?

Why would they just stick the ears on the kid?

Like the Mickey Mouse ears?

Oh, I thought you meant the actual ears.

No, I don't know.

Wouldn't they just put...

Just put a hat on it?

Or a mask.

Oh, like an old lady mask?

Wait, why am I even believing that that's true?

I think it's true.

I heard it once.

I think it's very impractical and ridiculous to go bleaching a child's hair.

I have a collection of wigs.

And...

Like what type of wigs?

Well, it's very hard, very difficult to find a wig that will fit a baby.

Well, the other thing is babies don't have hair really normally.

Well, the expectation...

The expectation is that a baby would not wear a wig.

We have to look for a bald human, and then suddenly you see a baby with a wig, it's like, that can't be it.

Yes, I have a collection of all sorts of different wigs.

Curly hair.

But the problem is that they, as I say, these need to be modified.

These are adult wigs, and they need to be modified to the size of a baby's head.

Sure.

Quite difficult and takes up a lot of my time.

So that's mainly...

So we have come down from the trees, coffee shop, write the letter, post office, and then the majority of your time after that is tailoring these wigs.

Tending to the wigs.

Wig tending.

I have thousands upon thousands of wigs.

Where do you keep these in the trees?

All up in the trees, yes.

Every once in a while, I'll overhear someone looking up at the trees, and they're often terrified.

Sure.

Terrified by thousands of baby-sized wigs hanging from branches.

I would imagine also that you would have problems with birds because hair is...

Prime nesting material.

Yes, yes.

Not good for bricks.

They do.

No, hair is good for bricks.

Hair is good for bricks?

Really?

How much hair is used in your bricks?

Well, if I'm using hair, hair in an oven is not a good idea.

Right, yeah.

Do you just cut off your beard above the bricks sometimes?

Sometimes I have used my beard hair to make the bricks.

Great, wow.

So getting back to you, when you take these babies off premises...

Yeah, how though?

How are you getting these?

How are you sharing?

We've talked about the dead spots in the security cameras and the various routes.

Which changes all the time, by the way.

They must be changing it every single time you get in there.

Right.

Once I alert them inadvertently to a dead spot in their camera system, they are quick to address it.

Yes.

But do they add cameras or do they just point the existing cameras?

That's the problem.

They often redirect them.

You gotta buy new cameras for these dead spots.

I would think.

Yeah.

But they're cheap.

The royals.

Fairly inexpensive, yes, yes.

I mean, the royals themselves are just a cheap bunch.

Yes, well now you know they have to pay taxes.

Are you aware of that?

Yeah, I did hear about it.

It's terrible.

Terrible.

So how are you getting these off site?

What do you mean?

These babies?

Yeah, so I go straight to the cottage where I know that the babies live, right?

And then I just have a word with the governess.

All the babies live in one cottage?

Is that what you said?

Yes, yes.

William and Kate, they have a cottage and their babies live there and are attended to all day long by a governess.

I thought you meant that all the babies within the royal palace live in one place and then everyone else lives in another place.

That would be whimsical.

Oh, baby cottage?

Yeah, it would be like the mother babies.

It's nearly that way.

OK.

Because the adults simply have nothing to do with their own children.

Right.

There's a home where the governess looks after them now.

And the governess is only, you know, it's just one person.

You know, it's not, you know.

It's not like a Mrs. Doubtfire situation where you're sneaking in and pretending to be the governess and putting someone's face in a pie or anything.

I have no never put anyone's face in a pie.

But I do have a bottle of...

How many nannies are there?

There seem to be all sorts of people milling about, but there's only every single time there only seems to be one person in the room with the with the children.

OK, that seems to be that's another dead spot.

And no soldiers in the room.

Not in the rooms.

No, but you do.

Yes, you do from time to time.

See the various guards.

Do you ever make them laugh?

I never have succeeded.

Yeah.

You don't want to be seen.

Are you being seen or are you sneaking?

I, well, I'm doing my best.

Yes.

No, I'm seeing them.

They're not quite seeing me.

At least that's the prime stealth material.

Yes.

Although, oh, except with the exception, of course, of this last time.

And that is why I ended up in Wadsworth prison, because there was a misunderstanding about why I was there.

Sharp words were exchanged.

Anyway.

Sharp words and then any type of sharp objects being exchanged into your body at all?

No, not into my body.

I do have a vest which is full of small knives.

How small are we talking?

Throwing knives.

Throw, oh, like.

That is my weapon of choice.

Throwing knives.

So you're sort of like that guy in the dirty dozen.

Just very much like that.

Yes.

Were you inspired by him?

Yes, I indeed I was.

Yes.

OK.

Do they call a dozen something different in England?

A dirty twelve.

Dirty twelve.

OK.

That's what it said on the poster in England.

Because we simply don't understand the word dozen over there.

Got it.

So.

Just don't have it.

So when you were taking these babies before, you were always successful.

How many babies did you abscond with?

Well, there are only three royal babies.

OK.

But did you take them multiple times?

I have taken the two oldest children of William and Kate, George and Charlotte.

I have taken each of them three times.

OK.

So that's twelve times there.

Is it?

I believe so.

No.

I believe it's six.

Oh, I'm sorry.

I thought you said four people.

Oh, but you said the parents.

OK.

I don't see I'm not a royal watcher.

I don't know the names of all these people.

Yes.

Prince George and Prince Charlotte when they were babies.

I took each of them three times.

You took them three times.

Yes.

In each case, I had perfect success with my business with them.

But I have not succeeded yet in having any off-site interactions with Prince Louis.

And that was the issue that came up all too recently.

How are they returned to our...

I had no idea.

So just what you wake up in the trees one day about to go to coffee.

I set them on the ground and then I have no idea.

You don't know what happened.

No, I don't.

I don't.

Because why would I risk anything to get them back?

Sure.

So these people who have grown up princes and royals, I mean, they may not even be the real deal.

I mean, you know, maybe they should take a 23 and me or something.

That's an interesting point.

Maybe, you know, I assume, you know, a baby is found wandering around Hyde Park.

Someone picks it up and soon enough they realize it's missing royal baby.

But you may be right that it's a different baby altogether.

Who knows?

That a swap has occurred there in Hyde Park.

I never even considered it.

So do you try to leave the babies a certain length away from your wig forest?

Not really.

No, I just set them down at the base of the trees.

Just right there.

And no one thinks to look up.

I mean, there's a baby down.

Why would they look up?

Right, precisely.

That's genius.

Genius.

Rarely.

So what happened this time?

You were in there.

Whom were you trying to take off site?

I was trying to take Prince Louis, the new newest baby there.

Yes, the brand brand new brand new tiny little princeling.

Yes.

Princely.

I was looking for and you know, it was just a simple matter of a God seeing me and you know, my you just I haven't really practiced as well as I should with my throwing knives and it was just a sharp word to an exchange and I was taken to prison.

It's a shame really.

It's a shame.

And how long of a sentence did you get?

I not very long really.

Really?

Just yes, an attempted kidnapping of a royal baby on for you know, you would think you think just quite a penalty slap on the wrist.

No, there's a maximum penalty of three months in jail.

Maximum three months.

How much time did you get time served?

No, I was I had time off for good behavior.

I was there.

Oh, how good was your behavior?

I was there for a week and a half.

My behavior was exemplary.

You're a good man.

Was an exemplary prisoner.

Yeah.

What does that mean?

You stayed in the cell?

Yes, I stayed in the cell.

I dressed up as a guard.

I did some guarding of the prisoners.

Wait, did you escape?

I don't I don't think of it that way.

I believe I promoted myself to God and then simply went home and and quit the job.

It was not the right job for me.

So you resigned.

I resigned.

After approximately an hour or so.

It was roughly three hours to the to the end of the shift.

Yes.

Okay.

You resigned went home to the trees to the wig forest.

When you were a prison guard, were you living in the trees or were you were you living somewhere else?

No, it was just a short period.

Short period, three hour period.

I promoted myself to guard only for the remainder of that shift.

Was there was there an opening in the guards?

There was an opening.

Yes.

Sudden opening.

It was a sudden opening.

Really?

What happened?

Did someone fall ill or?

Well, strangely enough, a guard drowned in a giant kettle of soup in the kitchen.

Oh my goodness.

That's a giant freak accident.

Was it hot soup or was it a?

You know, what's the word?

A pan, a pot.

A pot.

A pot, a giant pot.

Very large pot.

Really?

Hot soup or was it a cold lunch soup?

Well, they don't make soup that hot in prison.

Really?

Oh, that's true punishment.

Can I just ask?

Yes.

When you're approaching the children in the nursery, I would assume they're crying.

Or do you, how do you ease them?

Yes. How do you get them to not alert anyone else to the fact that you are holding a baby and trying to abscond with them off premises?

Well, I'm dressed often as a clown and children love clowns.

I don't know.

You have a clown outfit.

You have one or several.

You have thousands of wigs.

I would expect you have more than one clown outfit.

Yes.

No, I only have one clown outfit and it's filthy.

But anyway, that helps.

Sure.

Because children love clowns.

Yes.

Especially in dirty clown suits.

Any sort of sedative being administered or?

Well, I do carry with me a small bottle of chloroform.

It's very small.

For whom?

For the governess.

Fun size?

Oh, for the governess.

Yes, that's for the governess.

Oh, good.

That's for the governess.

Whoa.

Does it say that on the bottle?

That's for the governess.

Yes, I do label it.

Yes.

For the governess only.

You thought I was chloroforming babies?

I thought this was going to a dark place, but this seems like it's...

No, no, no, no, no, no, no.

Now I understand the general tone of this discussion.

You thought I was chloroforming babies?

Never.

I also wonder what you're doing with the babies off site.

What sort of pagan rituals...

There is that hole that we have...

I put the babies in a sack and it's quite easy to breathe in there.

And we simply make our way back to the tree.

Make our way.

And then, you know, I put the word out to the various people who need to know that I am in possession of a royal baby and the rituals occur.

Perhaps.

Okay.

Who are...

Is there some sort of group of people, like a coven of people who need to know this information is what you're saying?

That's a fair way to put it.

A coven of people.

Okay.

How old are you?

Have we ever discussed this?

Have we?

How old of a man or a human being are you?

I'm on the spelt scale and on the age scale around mid-70s.

Mid-70s on a scale, but in terms of years, could we discuss that or...

Does it matter?

How old do you want me to be?

I'm just, I'm curious as to what sort of ritual someone would desire a royal blood virgin, I'm assuming, baby.

There are literally hundreds of rituals for which royal blood would come and hang.

Would suffice, yes.

Yeah.

So I thought prolonging life might be one or...

Indeed, yes.

It's eternal life.

Eternal.

Eternal life.

Eternal only insofar as you have to keep re-upping with a new baby.

Yes, that's right.

Every once in a while you need...

Yes.

You know quite a bit about this.

Okay.

And one baby at a time?

There's no need to do more than one at a time.

Right.

But for fun, you ever been like, hey, I got two right here.

Only because, yes, right.

Yes.

I might drop one.

Yes.

There have been times when I've taken the two older children together.

And you alert, you said you alerted people that the baby, that the royal babies are missing?

Yes, that's right.

I believe he may be alerting that he has the babies, not that they're missing.

Right, not that they're missing, that they're finally home.

This is like a council of watchers or a council of...

Yes, I send out a squadron of baby pigeons who fly out across the city.

Who live in the trees with you in the wig forest?

Yes.

I keep them.

I've never seen them.

Have you never seen a baby?

Well, if you live in a tree, you will.

That's the way.

So you send out the squadron of, what did you call them?

Baby pigeons.

With little notes attached to them.

Right.

To my various friends who need to know that I'm in possession of a royal baby.

They perform, or they preheat the oven, as they say.

They get everything going.

These children are not placing it up.

No, but they get the spells and incantations going for you.

Yes, and again, I've said way more than my barrister would be comfortable with already.

Sure.

I am hesitant to get any more specific, but yes.

Is there any sort of blood taken?

Any kind of...

Well, here I need to be very, very careful and choose my words.

Choose them very carefully.

We understand.

Most caution in response to your question as to whether there is blood involved.

Sure.

We need to be very, very, very, very cautious.

And simply say that yes, there is a royal baby blood involved.

Be very, very careful.

Smeared or smeared upon any sort of on your body or is it...

It is used to write upon a parchment.

And I need to be very, very careful with my words.

Jesus.

Very, very careful.

Very careful.

Yes.

But I'm sure the words used...

I need to say nothing that my barrister would not approve of me saying in a public setting.

The words used, I'm sure, are ancient and...

They're in Latin.

Yes.

They're in Latin.

Yes.

Okay, wow.

Latin words written on a parchment in royal baby blood.

Is English your first language, by the way?

Or did you originally speak Latin?

Over the millennia, I've spoken many, many languages.

Okay, got it, got it.

Well, remember the Tower of Babel?

I do.

Yeah.

You were there.

Well, Byron, so glad to hear that you are out of prison.

Yes.

Are you keeping a close eye on Meghan Markle and Prince...

Who is it, Harry?

Who did she marry?

Which one?

Your ignorance is astounding, yes.

So sorry.

Prince Harry and Princess Meghan Markle.

I'm keeping a very, very, very close eye on them.

And I am waiting with bated breath for her to become pregnant.

Have you seen any sort of interaction with them that would lead to that?

Yes, indeed I have.

The two of them cannot keep their hands off one another.

I bet, yeah.

They absolutely adore one another.

Is he like, I'm taking off my suits and being naked and...

In reference to her television program Suits?

Yes.

Great.

He's got game, Prince Harry.

What...

When the children...

The babies.

How long will you be...

I mean, they will...

I'm assuming they'll age out.

Sadly, yes.

Yes, but hopefully these royals will keep finding mates.

Not forever.

But not forever.

But not, yeah.

Not forever, that is true.

But then there will be a time, don't you see, that these ones that are now small will themselves become large enough to make their own babies.

It's like the Kardashians.

Don't you see it?

Well, that's great.

Don't you see?

That's how it works.

That's how it...

So as long as each royal has more than one offspring...

Yes.

Just keep multiplying.

I mean, you'll be in business forever.

Even really, they could have one, couldn't they?

Yeah.

How long does one baby last, usually?

A baby, for the purposes of my purposes...

I don't mean how long are they alive, because that can vary baby to baby.

It can be roughly 100 years.

For you...

Oh, really?

Okay.

I have found.

Okay.

Is it like time served concurrently where, you know, if you...

Because you've gotten several of these babies over the last couple of decades here, it sounds like, are you accruing 100 years per baby?

So meaning that you have hundreds and hundreds of years, you're just trying to get them while the pickings are hot, right?

I don't understand the question.

Okay.

I guess what I'm trying to say is, is like, I had presumed that they were lasting less time than that, and that you needed to re-up, and that's why you were getting these babies.

Are you just like getting 100 years per baby and stacking up time?

You know, you're banking babies.

Well, listen, I don't want to speak specifically to what exactly the effect of this baby blood is.

I don't think that's good for anyone.

Sure, no.

But whenever I can get my hands on a royal baby, it's important to go about this ritual anytime you can.

Yes, it all helps.

Quickly, may I just ask one?

Is it with just the British royal family, or do you do this with other...

I mean, obviously, there are other...

Could you do it with presidents' babies?

No, absolutely not.

Yeah, kings of other countries.

There are, of course, royalty throughout Europe, and yes, it would work.

Technically, it would work.

Is that what you used to do back...

Just as with my watch, 100% British engineering in this watch.

Every single square inch of it.

When did you come to Britain?

Oh, a long time ago, yes.

I would imagine.

A very, very long time ago.

Yeah.

If I were to say the name Merlin for you, would that ring any kind of bells?

Is that kind of...

Well, of course it does.

Merlin, the famous court wizard to the court of King Arthur.

If I were to say, hey, Merlin, what would you say?

Would you say yes?

Or...

I would say, sir, what are you insinuating?

I don't know.

I'm not insinuating anything.

I just, you know, I'm fascinated with those tales of knights of ye old round table.

Yes, yes.

Those are wonderful, fascinating tales.

Good guys?

Yes.

Great guys, Lancelot in particular.

From the stories I've read.

Yeah.

You ever see a sword in a stone kind of situation?

What?

The Lady and the Lake and the sword and the stone?

Yeah, all that kind of stuff.

Yes, yes, yes.

I'm quite familiar with it.

All right.

Hey, Merlin.

Okay, nothing great.

All right.

Well, look, we need to take a break because we've been making Celine Dion wait.

And she does, you know, as far as I know, she's a diva and you don't make a...

One does not make a diva wait.

I'm surprised she's here.

I'll be honest.

I am a big fan though, Zach.

You like Celine?

I like a lot of her later stuff.

Yeah, yeah.

And like the recent stuff is great.

And Byron, Celine Dion, I know she's French Canadian.

She's not British.

Yes, I have no interest whatsoever.

No interest whatsoever.

Great.

No time to be entertained.

Well, please tell her that when she's on the show.

We need to take a break.

When we come back, we'll have more comedy bang bang with Zach Alphanakis, more Byron Denniston and Celine Dion right after this.

Comedy bang bang.

We have Zach Alphanakis here from the Hangover series films.

Yeah, but I mean, I've been in other things.

Yeah, but I mean, those are so great.

I just didn't want to say that I've been in other things.

You have been in other things.

So I've only seen the Hangover films.

You've been in other things?

I haven't seen those, but I've seen the other things.

What other things?

The Muppet thing I was in.

Oh, yes.

Yeah, Muppet Babies.

You played Animal.

No, I played a homeless...

I, I, anytime I played a homeless person, I've always...

That's what I watch.

That's what you...

Okay, got it.

We also have Byron Denniston, who has, is a royal watcher.

I've done other things.

What else have you done?

I mean, you're a wig collector.

Yes, I've been a homeless man.

We didn't figure out why you have so many wigs.

Yes, we did.

We did?

No, I know why you're using them, but why did you, why did you obtain them originally?

For the purpose for which they are being used.

Why not get baby wigs then?

There aren't, there's no such thing as baby wigs.

They don't make them.

I think it would be cute.

What?

I think it'd be cute, like for Halloween or whatever.

You could put, glue a couple of Merkins together, maybe.

Yeah, speaking of which, hey, Merkin.

Proud to be a Merkin.

We have to get to our next guest.

She is a superstar musician and singer, and she, as far as I know, won an Oscar, maybe, for that song, Heart Will Go On.

I don't know, I don't think the prizes should be given to art.

So I never watched the stuff, but please welcome Celine Dion.

Hello.

I'm so excited to be here.

This is my first podcast.

I am so excited.

I want two Oscars though.

Let's get it right.

Okay.

Two Oscars.

Did you, one for acting?

It doesn't matter.

I don't even think about it.

Don't matter to me, but I just want to get it.

I just want to get it right.

I get them and then I forget them.

Do you know what I mean?

Because it's about the music.

Because it's all about the music.

That's all it's about.

Yeah.

And Oscars are not, are not music.

It's film.

So why even bother?

That song, that song that can never stop singing.

The Harrow go on.

You know, it was, it captured the imagination of the entire world.

Oh, I do know that song.

I know that song.

Yes.

It was about a British ship, the Titanic, I believe.

Yes.

Was that a British ship or was it an American ship?

It was a British ship.

Yeah.

Was it?

Yeah.

Okay.

Built however, let's be clear, by the Irish.

Okay.

Yeah.

They built it.

You weren't on it, were you?

Well, listen, you know, not, not for the entire trip.

Did they, did they make a movie about it and base Billy Zane on you?

I haven't, I have no time to be entertained.

Okay.

All right.

That is a wonderful song though.

Isn't it?

What a great song.

It's a wonderful song.

And I never, uh, never, uh, ever have to stop it because I'm singing it because everybody wants to hear it, but I want to write a new album.

Oh, okay.

And that is why I'm here because I get the ideas of song from connection with people, you know, just to be here, meet interesting people.

And I hope that maybe I come inspiration for the songs from just talking to, uh, interesting people.

I do not hear about you talking about babies.

I got to say, I borrow baby all the time.

That's what I like.

I call you borrow it because then I want to get the baby and I put it in a, um, in a cabbage patch or, you know, when that book that I made with that photographer, where I put them in the corn cob or I put them in a bumblebee costume, anything other than what a baby should be in normally.

Yeah.

Like a wig.

We just borrowed them for about in a baby wig.

I had one baby wig before.

My head is very small.

It is very small.

It keeps shrinking every year.

Yeah.

Congratulations.

I don't know if you say congratulations, but I'm going to make it work, girlfriend.

Yeah.

I would think that the body would shrink along with the head, but no, it's just the head.

Well, because I originated the scale.

Okay.

I am number, I am zero on it.

You are.

Yeah.

You're a size zero on the elevator before the doors open.

Really?

So, so when you don't even know, so how do you know that the elevator is there?

Because I would imagine if you, if you slip through and the elevator is not there, it actually almost pushed me over because I am so svelte.

Yeah.

Got it.

What did you win the second Oscar for?

I think I won it for a song for reservoir dogs.

You think reservoir, was it called Mr. Pink?

It was.

Yeah, it was.

He was, um, let go, let go.

It's time to die.

Oh, that was a song probably to Tim Roth's.

Oh, sorry.

I just have to come out and I, some guy will, can I promise that the last one, but for now that is all day there.

That is all the, okay, great.

Yeah.

That was beautiful.

Yeah.

I remember, uh, uh, that was right after stuff.

Bravo.

Sorry about that.

Yeah.

Thank you.

Like an angel.

Wow.

Um, have you ever met an angel by the way?

Do they exist?

Yes, they do exist.

Are demons really fallen angels?

Are demons fallen angels?

Sometimes.

Yes.

Sometimes they are.

All right, great.

So, um, so Celine, you, you want to interact with us to try to come up with your next song.

Just to get connections, you know, because it's like, it's like making an album is like a deal phrase.

They, they, they getting people putting all the colored eggs, Easter eggs into one basket.

Right.

And Zach Alivinakis here is in baskets, so you probably have a lot in common with him.

You know, this wonderful, I love you.

You are so adorable.

He is like a baby.

I would want to put him in a cabbage patch.

I want to put him in, in a corn cob or a pumpkin suit with just the pumpkin top cut out on the, I guess I didn't see this book that you're referring to.

You did not?

Oh, great.

They were, oh, does you know what it is?

Is it just pictures of babies?

Yes.

It's a really, it's a real thing.

I know.

Yes.

It's because you're talking about it.

It must be real.

And in college, a lot of girls at school, they put a poster of it on the, on their wall.

Of a baby.

Yeah.

Like carve out a watermelon and shove a baby inside of it.

He knows.

That's what they shove a baby, a sleeping baby, they pour a sleeping fat baby into it.

And then they pour a baby into it.

Well, you know, because it's all the fat, the baby rolls, the fat that you just want to eat with your teeth.

You know what I mean?

I certainly do.

Yes, I do.

You are perspiring right now.

Don't you sometimes just see a baby roll of fat and you just want to die, just bite right in into it and into sink your teeth into it.

I do.

Yes, indeed.

I know exactly what you mean, but I'm also thinking what a good idea is, you know, to just say, I'm just taking a watermelon out of the Kensington palace when really there's a baby in there.

Well, you would, I mean, the baby would be a little bit exposed.

Yeah.

I would think that you would say, I'm just taking the baby for my photography book, but you instead want to fool them into thinking it's a watermelon.

Just hollow out a watermelon, put a baby in there, and then you're just the, you're just the chap taking the watermelon out of the palace.

Right.

Why would someone be taking a watermelon out of a palace instead of bringing one in?

I'm the watermelon, uh, not retriever, retriever.

I'm watermelon collection.

Refill your watermelon.

That is the thing.

I have a watermelon retriever at my house.

Oh, you do?

One of my many houses.

Yes.

They come and they retrieve the old watermelon and they replace the watermelon.

Oh, okay.

The old, what you mean the rinds?

Yes, they've, I just don't have any trash.

So everything that I have, I have only, I only use, if I want a watermelon, I only take one bite.

That's it.

Then it's done.

So is it a take a watermelon, leave a watermelon situation?

Take a watermelon, leave a watermelon, but don't leave me.

That could work.

Maybe that's something.

Yeah.

I don't know.

Do we get writing credits on this?

Oh, of course.

Yeah.

Great.

You'll get a mention in the, in the, in the, uh, in the jacket.

Oh no, I don't want that.

I want the writing credit actually.

Oh, you want the writing credit.

Well, we have to talk about it.

We don't, I don't, because I don't know.

Is the person who wrote my heart will go on.

Is that someone who just said to you, my heart will go on to you one day?

That person, uh, let me tell you that, but nobody wants me to do that song.

They thought that's not, that was not going to be successful.

They tried to stop you.

They tried to stop me.

Yes.

They said, this will ruin your career.

I don't want to swear, but they say, well, when your fucking career, what kind of person is this?

Who would swear?

These are producers, you know, because I've been speaking of a demons exist.

Yeah, they do.

Okay.

Oh, okay.

Yeah.

Right.

Um, so, so they didn't want you to do it.

And you said.

I said, no, no way, girlfriend.

I am Celine Dion.

I do what I want.

And I want to sing about this song.

I want to stand and do the video on the top of the day.

I want to fly on the front of the video.

I already envisioned it.

I designed the video.

You did.

And I told them that there was room for the other person, the Leo on the door at the end.

There was room on the door at the end and Kate Winslet, she hugged the whole thing.

And that is not how it should have ended.

If I had known that, that, how is it going to end?

Then I would not have sung the song because she said, I won't let go.

Don't let go.

And what she do, she let go.

And he's floated to the, he went to the bottom of the ocean.

Spoilers, but yeah, I mean, I, I'm sorry.

Are there people who have not seen it?

Yeah, I don't.

I think there's a lot of people out there who have not seen Titanic, who don't know that Leo sinks to the bottom of the ocean.

Does he sink to the bottom or does he die and then float?

I guess she is holding onto him with her hand and he freezes because she won't let him up because she's hogging on the door.

So he's frozen because dead bodies normally float at some point.

I mean, don't she does not float.

Trust me.

I've seen it 5,000 times.

Merlin, do you know if dead bodies float or I'm sorry, Byron?

Dead bodies do want to float.

You have to make arrangements with them not to.

As far as I remember, he sinks to the bottom.

I, I, that's what I remember.

Because he's frozen maybe.

Because he froze, he's frozen.

Yeah, he's full of water.

Okay.

Got it.

And star power, you know.

Yeah.

He's a Leonardo DiCaprio.

So, uh, do you want to engage us in conversation at all?

How does this work?

Do you want to, do you want to give us prompts or you, or we give you prompts somehow?

No, that's fine.

I'm getting it just from listening to you.

You are.

You know?

Yes, but I want to talk about when you make the bricks in the oven because something about that was interesting about making, creating something in fire.

I thought it was.

Okay.

Yeah, great.

Thank you.

You have to be interested in everything people have to say.

You know, it all can't be like the problem with me on this show.

You're not interested in anything anyone says.

No, I'm usually just waiting for an opening, but, uh, tell us about, uh, tell us about these, uh, bricks and maybe it'll help Celine Dion.

You say the fire was very evocative for you.

Sorry.

Sometime I sing and I do not know if I'm talking or singing.

It actually, it just, I am, because you have to tell me, cause I could just say, be talking.

Oh, I'm going to the grocery store and they were out of me.

Singing.

Did it happen?

I did not know.

Yes.

You see, it's like the thing for me, it's like the apples and oranges.

Like I don't know where, you know, don't know where apples and the oranges begin that phrase.

Usually at the end of the apple and then at the beginning of the orange.

But they do overlap sometimes.

Do they?

Yes.

In some sort of hybrid fruit technology or?

No, I'm just saying, you know, sometimes you can squeeze them together.

Oh, like a fruit salad.

Yes.

That's precisely right.

Okay.

Oh, you mean like you make two different juices and put them together?

You can do that.

Yes.

Do you ever get that?

No, you always get coffee.

Always coffee.

I mean, I did, we did that one with the baby.

We did a photo shoot where they half baby, half orange, half in the top was an apple.

And we did that.

So they had an apple top.

How did that one go over?

The baby got food poisoning.

Oh, well allergic to?

Both apples and oranges.

It was unfortunate.

Oh, you got it.

The baby is fine.

The baby's good.

The baby is fine.

Byron, do you ever use that?

Do you ever use food poisoning as a method methodology?

Poisoned a baby with food?

Yeah.

Like, you know, get an old pizza, feed some to the baby, you know, there's or E. Coli burgers or something like that.

Yes, grab your own breast milk.

There is no doubt that I have from time to time poisoned babies with food, but never on purpose.

Never on purpose.

Oh, you've just accidentally or inadvertently.

Food you've gathered in the trees.

That's correct.

Yes, that's right.

Yes.

Okay.

Or some of these, uh, uh, park, uh, picnic baskets that you seem to be stealing a la Yogi Bear.

Do you know who Yogi Bear is?

I know a lot about Yogi Bear.

Have you ever sung a song about Yogi Bear?

I never sung a song.

I was not asked because the Shakira did the last one for the Yogi Bear movie, which I was very upset about.

And I thought it was very sexual and not appropriate.

I had a friend who was into that, uh, in that Yogi Bear movie.

Oh, you did?

And he loved it.

He was very proud of it.

And it was his favorite, uh, film that he ever appeared in.

I heard that.

You know, I say I have no time to be entertained and it's true, but I did make an exception for that.

Did you really?

I saw it in all three dimensions.

All three of them.

What about the fourth dimension though?

Time?

No, time stops when you're watching that film.

Oh, but you know what it is, but to answer your question, Zachary, I literally, I did and I did, I did a demo and it was, you know, it's all, it began on the picnic picnic picnic.

No boo boo, right?

Oh, you're saying boo boo.

It's the problem.

Okay.

Because it was now you're being, because it was my accent.

That's probably why I don't think it was the accent.

It was merely because you're saying beer beer.

No, but this is how I beer beer.

That is how I sing a vowel.

I'm sorry.

I'm going to be winning producer.

I, I, I, I, I, it happens when I sing.

Okay.

It is true.

Then when I sing it, I say hello to you.

And then Shakira, listen to any of my album.

It's true.

Shakira then took your demo and sang the actual song or she sang a different song.

What was her song?

I was like, well, thank you because you know, I can do it because it's the, the talent is below me.

So you know, it's, it's, so you can sing anyone who has lesser talent than you.

I can sing any well who has more talent so I can sing everybody else.

Can I try you?

Of course.

Yeah, do it.

Gwen Stefani.

Okay.

Um, all right.

Oh no, I'm going to open up my picnic basket.

Could you sing I'm just a squirrel, which by the way would not be your song.

Pretty good.

Thank you.

Okay.

I mean, these are softballs.

Christina Aguilera.

You all have a picnic basket.

Oh, it's empty.

Wow.

Oh, but you won't go hungry.

I got to ask you because, uh, in the news recently, the queen of soul, Britney Spears.

Picnic basket.

Celine!

I cannot do it cause I get very lightheaded.

This is amazing.

You should be on mad TV.

I have another friend who was on mad TV.

Show that was show was, did he die?

Finally?

No, he was, I had a friend who loved being on mad TV.

Who was that person?

That is the guy for which I have made an exception for one season precisely 38 episodes.

Um, usually, I mean, you're the only people watch the show where they watch it in prison.

I do know that I got all the letters.

You got letters from people in prison saying they watch mad TV and they sent them to you.

Yeah.

All right.

Checks out.

They would say, I love you Celine Dion.

And also they recommend me shows.

I say, what are you watching?

And I say, I tell them what I am watching and they recommend it.

I want to get into what you're watching, but we need to take a break if that's okay.

But I want to, I'm going to hear what you're binge watching.

I'm fascinated by the life of Celine Dion.

I also will ask you the same question, Zach, what you're binging these days.

And Byron, I'm not going to ask you that.

I'm so sorry, but, uh, you have so little time for entertainment.

Yes.

That's non-Yoki Bears.

Sounds like he's just binging babies.

We'll be right back with more Comedy Bang Bang after this.

Comedy Bang Bang.

Welcome back.

We have Zach Kalifianakis who is not binging babies.

We have Celine Dion who is similarly not binging babies, although binging them in photography purposes though.

I would imagine.

Absolutely.

Yeah.

They did nothing wrong with it.

It is so you should need to go Google it and look at it.

I definitely will.

This is just a blind spot.

You've heard of blind spots that cameras have.

Oh yeah.

The blind spot is when I meet someone who had not heard my music.

Right.

This is a blind spot in my, uh, pop culture knowledge, I guess.

We also have Byron Dennison who is binging babies.

Babies, babies, babies, Royal babies in particular.

Is that part of the incantation?

Babies, babies, babies.

Yes.

You have to write that in Latin, which I can't remember off the top of my head.

Oh, sure.

Yeah.

I mean, it's been so long.

It has been quite a while.

And Celine, you were going to tell us what you're watching on these days because you're talking to prisoners about what they're, you're in sort of a TV club with prisoners.

I know if I say that.

I just, I reach out to anyone who reached out to me, you know, it doesn't matter if there is a long nine serial number in the corner and that where it come from, from a state penitentiary.

That doesn't matter.

Do you accept collect calls from prison ever?

Or every once in a while, because you know, I can't sleep.

I am insomniac.

So yeah, why not go on an adventure?

You know what I mean?

You never know what voice you're going to hear from across the waves.

You know, just inspire you.

Yeah, that's right.

That's right.

And you haven't put out a record in a, in a while you've been searching for inspiration.

It's been a while.

I did the Deadpool video.

I don't know if you saw it.

I did see that.

Yes.

That is that made me think that there is a demand for me and for my songs and for me to wear crazy clothes and take pictures all over the world and then sing songs about, and I want to shake it up.

I want to sing about love this time.

Oh, I thought that my heart will go on was about love.

Well, this about love loss, I guess.

Love, love found love found.

Okay.

Well, there's something right there.

Like, uh, fine.

Go ahead.

I found, I found a love.

Uh, we found a love in a hopeless place.

Oh, wait a minute.

I think that might be a thing.

Does that happen to you a lot?

Like you start singing something you're like, that's already a thing.

Yeah, but usually it's my song.

Yeah.

I'm like, well, that's a good song.

And I'm like, this exists already.

Cause I sang it.

Yeah.

Yeah, that's right.

So I love to, uh, I I'm watching, um, I love to watch, uh, the old, uh, movies.

I love, I love watching old movies.

What is old to you?

Oh, I loved it.

Uh, you got mail.

Okay.

That's I mean, yeah.

I love it so much.

And every time I never think they're going to get together.

Right.

I forget, you know, I just sort of like, oh no, it's not going to happen.

You know, it'd be great.

Would be if they would remake that movie.

Uh, and they, they don't get together and then they slip it inside the DVDs.

And then suddenly someone's watching their favorite movie.

You got mail and suddenly they don't get together and it's heartbreak.

And everyone's like, this is my favorite movie.

What's going on?

They don't get together in this.

And then Tom Cruise and Meg Ryan turned to the cameras and go, gotcha.

Right.

Because the crazy thing is that it's Tom Cruise and not Tom Hanks.

That's the other gotcha.

No, Tom, Tom Cruise.

Yeah.

Tom Cruise would have to redo it because Tom Hanks doesn't have time for this.

Yeah.

He does not have time for pranks.

No pranks.

Hanks.

That's what they call him.

He's like Tom, no pranks.

We used to use them.

Yeah.

But I also love to watch day great British Bake Off.

I don't know if you watch that.

I love that show.

Oh yes.

I've heard of it.

Yes.

What?

They're baking off.

But when you say it, it's also dirty when you say it.

I don't know why, but there's something about it.

They don't get together under a tent and bake off.

You are waggling your eyebrows like 60 eyebrow waggles a minute.

He's also taking off his clothes.

I don't know if this is something that should happen.

You really should not be taking off your clothes.

In the tent in the forest.

Please, sir, please at least cover yourself with a baby wigger too.

Oh my goodness.

Yeah.

I mean, uh, uh, have you spent much time in England?

Have you ever seen the Royal family?

So much?

No.

Yes.

I wonderful.

I was invited, but I couldn't come.

And what was going on with you?

Well, I was, I had to do a deep cleanse where for five weeks I get put under the earth.

Oh, you're buried.

Yes.

I'm buried and buried and I get fed through a tiny straw.

Well, because that's because I am, I would say like, give me a big straw.

Let's let's pay for the big one.

Big straw because too much getting the new, then it doesn't work.

And so they, and so I just, I'm in there and that's another place where I go think of ideas.

You know what I mean?

Yeah.

It's more like when the idea is saying it's a classic, it might do be something that I loop on the song.

Next.

I did some recording down there under the earth and I might see a little bit of experimental, but what are some of the songs you've thought of under the earth?

I would imagine they'd be like, help me.

I'm trapped.

This sort of it, that's sort of claustrophobic.

That's right.

Well, I did not say that one because I'm not claustrophobic.

Oh, you're not.

No, no.

You put me in a box for five hours.

I'm happy.

I fell asleep.

Really?

Okay.

So you're sort of like a dog with a thunder shirt or something back in the womb or the egg.

Get a woman, get an egg.

Yeah.

Get an egg.

Right.

Yeah.

Great.

And so I just go under there and I just think, you know, um, you know, uh, I have to climb to get to you.

Now don't make fun of me.

That is how I sing you.

You remember that is what happens.

I know.

Yeah.

You sang to get to you.

I know you're the one.

When I see you, I see the sun.

And who, to whom are you singing at this point?

Uh, the person who's digging you out or is it, you're climbing up?

Is it like a, like someone's digging as far, like, are you meeting in the middle?

Someone's digging and you're climbing up.

Happened then is that the water come up from under, they send water in from under and I float up.

I float up on, up onto the surface and then like the old movies that I liked, like the, the woman who come up, Esther Williams, that's right.

She come up out of the water.

So you're doing a synchronized swimming kind of thing.

Right.

But just me.

Just me.

Yeah.

So no need to synchronize with myself.

Yes.

I do not need anyone else.

Got it.

No, I mean, Celine.

What pageantry.

I would love to see the ceremony.

I mean, you saw how I got married.

I had the, they had people carry me.

I had men, shirtless men carry me on the palenque is what it's called.

And they carry me on, on the, I am still, I don't know.

I don't believe in doing it.

Why you do anything small?

Why would you do it?

Exactly.

Why bother do it?

Don't do it at all.

Yes.

Don't do it at all.

If you were to go on a picnic, say out in the woods or something, how would you, uh, what kind of pageantry would we expect from a Celine Dion there?

Well, I mean, it'd be five days set up.

Of course.

A picnic.

I mean, you say picnic is going to be, it's going to be a 15 marble arches.

Whoa.

It's going to be 17.

It's going to be 17, uh, uh, peacock, uh, unicorn, uh, you know, a couple of other.

Unicorns?

Wait a minute.

These don't exist.

Well, not to you.

You can't do.

Not anymore.

I mean, there is a, there is a, there is a simple tier of, you know, how famous, how wealthy, I mean, there are unicorns.

It's a silly thing that people are trying to say they're not unicorns.

Tom Hanks or something.

You know that, you know, what about you, Zach?

Do you know anything about unicorns?

I can't talk about it.

Whoa.

See, he thinks that he knows there's a code.

We are not supposed to talk about it.

Oh my God.

So we have unicorn and the unicorn beats, you know, have sort of serving something off of his horn.

And then we have, we have, oh, that's a good idea.

Yes.

We have donuts.

Any food with holes?

Any food with holes.

And you'll be careful.

You'll be careful.

I know what you're about to say.

What am I about to say?

I don't know, but you're taking your pants off again.

Oh, well, but that is entirely unrelated to this.

It is warm in here.

You don't mind?

Do you mind if I un- Yeah, go ahead.

Yeah.

Everyone take your pants off.

Very warm.

That sounds like a, this is a start to a very bad problem.

I think maybe we just move on.

Celine, speaking of moving on, can I ask a question apropos of nothing, but when you go to your world traveler, when you go to Paris, do they make fun of the way you speak French because you're French Canadian or?

Yeah.

That's a great question.

We're not at all the same.

We are not at all the same.

Of course not.

Do they look down on your accent or?

Well, they don't.

Hard to look down on me because I'm above them all.

Right.

The French are short and I'm, again, I am a tall statuesque.

I am a sketchtastic angel.

Yeah.

You're with a very tiny head, but so tall.

Very tiny head, but I'm so tall.

You're like a pyramid.

I mean, I don't go over there all the time.

When I go over there, I like to take pictures on their bridges and at their churches, and that's what I do.

And then I get in and I get out because they look at me a little, they have the attitude a little bit.

I'm French Canadian, so I'm different.

I'm nice, but I'm stuck up about it.

It's like that.

It's like half and half.

Yeah.

You seem like the most stuck up celebrity that I can think of.

Oh no, that's not true.

Scott.

Why would you say that?

That's not true.

Well, you said it, you said you were stuck up.

It's not true.

It's happening.

It's not true.

This could be a hit.

I love this song so far.

I like it too.

Oh, I'm so glad.

Yes.

I don't.

That's not fair.

Scott, I am not stuck up.

Who is the most stuck up celebrity?

Yeah.

Name one more stuck up.

Sally Struthers.

I was not expecting that.

She's very a peroness.

I've always thought that all that for the price of a cup of coffee, it's like, look, I want to buy my own coffee.

I don't want to go without coffee.

That's right.

Morgan Fairchild.

Very stuck up Morgan Fairchild.

Did you mean Freeman?

Nope.

Oh, nope.

Morgan Fairchild.

Attitude.

CVS.

Oh, you met her at the CVS.

What does CVS stand for?

Central Valley School.

Yeah.

They turned it into a pharmacy.

So it started as a school?

Yes.

A pharmacy school, you idiot.

Sorry.

So every single CVS was a school?

The first 300.

There's so many.

All in the Central Valley?

Yes.

I mean, one on every quarter.

Yeah.

And may I suggest to anyone ever visiting Los Angeles, they should go to a CVS.

It's always a...

It's a great out here.

Skip Disneyland.

You'll get the real show in the CVS.

Skip Disneyland.

You'll get more fun less at CVS.

I mean, I think that's more of a jingle.

No, it is, but perhaps I can move into that.

Yeah.

Well, the CVS Corporation should call us and of course give us all split riding credit.

Celine, how did you get...

I don't know too much about your past.

How did you get started in show business?

I was in the womb, in the egg, and I came out and the first thing they heard was a high G belt.

And they thought I was dying.

And they said, but I never heard a sound like that before.

Normally a baby, and you know this Byron, a very young baby screams, cries, doesn't do it necessarily on a musical pitch as much as all of human speech has musical pitch.

It was perfect in tone and they come out and I told by the doctors, everybody that was there and I floated.

Wow.

For 30 seconds, I floated the song.

The note held me up.

Held you up in the air.

And I have to say from there, that's all I ever done.

I mean, I record my first album at 14 years old.

It is true.

How did they know it was a high G?

Was there a piano in the operator in the delivery room?

The doctor had perfect pitch.

He was a film musician.

And he decided I need to do something else and when it became an OBGYN, but he was a highly accomplished jazz musician.

Has he ever been pitch slapped?

Oh, that's funny.

That was great marketing.

Yeah, that was the tagline to Pitch Perfect 3, I believe.

You know who wouldn't like that is Tom No Pranks Hanks.

Yeah, he would hate that.

He would hate that joke.

At some point the pitch is back, wouldn't they?

At some point, yeah.

So I had a friend who was in the one that the tagline was the pitch is back, I believe.

Yeah.

Is it the same friend that was in Yogi Berra and had such a good time?

Oh no, I'm thinking of someone different.

Oh, it's a different one.

I have not seen that.

Okay.

So wow, what an amazing background.

High G floated in the air.

I don't know, does that answer your question?

Does that answer your question?

No, I've never heard of getting into show business right out of the egg.

It was right out of the egg.

Right out of the egg.

Yeah.

So I did not know anything else.

I have no other skills.

Well, I mean, when you're delivered by an accomplished jazz musician, I mean.

Was there a live audience there when that happened?

Yeah.

Well, do you know what?

By the time that I came out, there were a bunch of interns because also everything leading up to the birth was very strange.

You know, there was, well, there was, my mother, she started feeling very strange.

She started feeling like she very cold, very hot.

And then all of a sudden she grew wings.

They came out of her back.

And they were like, well, we never seen this before.

So we're going to bring everybody in.

So by the time I came out, there was an audience, but they were mostly concerned because my mother was, she would be back with bleeding profusely.

Oh yeah.

And they, but they know what crazy when I float, they go back in.

So it seems to me like you're some sort of mythical being, akin to a unicorn or a Merlin of some sort of type.

Or a Harpy.

A Harpy.

That is a great way of putting it.

Yeah.

Harpies.

I mean, Harpies have voices that are very shrill and you know, piercing.

I have at times felt like I'm not from this planet.

Really?

Absolutely.

I will say your head is shrinking.

I mean, even as we've been talking to you.

Yeah.

I mean, I, I literally, I almost spoke into you because I thought you were a microphone.

Spoke into me, speak into me.

Oh, that's good.

Speak into me, speak all of your truth.

Yeah.

Your truth.

That sounds like a hit.

That is it.

Oh, this is it.

I see.

I know that this is what happened when I come here and then I get the inspiration.

Congratulations.

Well, I expect to see, to see, oh, that's French for thank you.

It is.

I say a couple of French things every once in a while.

You're welcome.

Yeah.

Just to prove your authenticity.

Yeah.

That you are who you say you are.

That's right.

Well, look, we are running out of time.

We just have one last feature to go on the show.

That's a little something called plugs.

Oh my.

Is this the plug?

What's that?

Is this the plug?

This is the lead up to the plugs?

Yes.

This long.

Yeah.

Okay.

What is this music?

Who is this?

I'll tell you once it fucking stops.

Okay.

I mean, this is a big buildup.

People.

Is this your cousin's band?

People worked hard on that.

No listeners to mid songs.

Okay.

We know this because you listen every week.

Oh yeah.

I forgot about it.

I forget about that part.

That was out of time.

Plug's theme.

So sorry to be talking over that, but now you have a Zach Galifianakis remix.

I'm sorry, band.

I did not mean that's lost and found.

It sounded good.

It just, I was a little confused.

What was going on?

I thought you had just fallen asleep at the wheel and the music came on.

Something fall asleep at the wheel.

Oh yeah.

Oh, but there's, cause I did that one about driving all night.

And so I drove on that.

Right.

The sequel.

I fell asleep.

Yeah.

I did all we can sing.

I never got another theme for the Titanic.

Yeah, that's true.

No kidding.

Right.

I think they'll do a sequel to that.

I don't know.

They do a sequel to anything.

Like he's in it.

Like he unfreezes like captain America and he becomes a super soldier and he starts fighting crime and stuff like that.

Why are you taking your pants off again?

Yes.

He unfreezes.

Yeah.

Wait, why is that exciting to you?

I don't know.

All right.

Well, that was lost and found.

They've done some songs for us before.

Thank you to them.

Uh, all right.

What do we plug in?

Zach, you have anything to plug?

Obviously baskets coming back.

No, we haven't written it.

What do you, I don't know anything.

Do you want anyone to watch anything you've ever done?

Um, Nope.

Nope.

Okay, great.

Write you off.

Write me off.

Nice memory.

Former fan.

Yeah.

Okay.

Nice to entertain you all these years.

Good luck, good night and good morrow.

Uh, uh, Celine Dion, uh, plug in a new album.

I would imagine.

Uh, yes, that's right.

And you can also see me singing, uh, under the name Nicole Parker with the Seattle Symphony in October, the first weekend of October, second weekend I'm in Vancouver.

So I go back up to Canada.

Uh, so now that is, uh, you're able to imitate this Nicole Parker person because a lesser talent is not hard.

Uh, and, and that's with the, what?

The Seattle Symphony pops.

You know, I'm not sure.

Seattle Symphony pops, you know, for popular disappearable.

People don't want to go see the classical music.

Then they just go see the other stuff.

I feel like I listened to unpopped music.

Do you, you know, unpopular music?

Oh, well, I mean, I don't know what did you do some of my song and those are popular.

Um, that's, that's incredible for, uh, you to be singing with a symphony orchestra like that, uh, as Nicole Parker, obviously.

I mean, it's exciting for someone of her caliber, but that, you know, it's just another night.

Okay.

Where's the show?

It's in, uh, it's a Sorolla and the hall is the name of it.

Is it within Seattle downtown symphony?

It's in the, it's in the beautiful hall.

Wow.

Yeah.

So, uh, if, if, if you want to go see a great show and see a beautiful hall, you know, pulling double duty.

That's really, that's really the attraction.

That's the pool.

Yeah.

Um, and Byron, uh, what do you want to play?

Well, another thing that I've made an exception for entertainment wise as a podcast called the early daily podcast pilot project.

Yes.

And I don't know when this is in front of the paywall or behind it.

What?

Sorry.

What?

This is very soon.

Yeah.

Okay, good.

Well then you can watch that.

And here I don't know if it's a watching thing or a hearing thing.

I think it might be a hearing thing.

On earwaul for wherever you get your podcasts.

So let's see.

Yogi bear.

Yes, I have done that.

38 episodes of mad TV.

And this anti-daily podcast pilot project.

That's about it.

Yes.

That's all you know.

Yes.

That's it.

And I will be very soon, uh, spending some time offsite with Prince Louis, uh, in a tomb underneath the tower of London.

In a tomb.

Okay.

I didn't realize that was part of it.

Yes.

Okay.

I see.

We, uh, within some sort of a mystic circle, a pentagram.

Yes.

More of a pentagram than a circle.

Yes.

Right.

A pentagram within a circle though, because, and were you to step outside of the circle within an octagon within an octagon to be perfectly precise.

All right, great.

Uh, all right.

Well, uh, I have nothing to plug.

Let's close up the old plug bag.

Got anything to say about this one, Zach?

Uh, I was going to ask another question about it, but I didn't want to get yelled at.

Um, is this a usual theme song?

This is the theme.

Yes.

This happens every week.

Okay.

This is the one we recorded at the beginning of the year.

Okay.

Uh, it's good, right?

Yep.

Very good production value, right?

Just a few more months on that.

Wonderful.

I love it.

Yeah.

Before we have to replace it just a few more months to go.

Can I do the next one?

Yes, please go lay something down right now.

Okay.

That's right.

Okay.

Now what do I, what is the information that has to get out?

Well, okay.

Usually it's about, uh, we're closing the bag, but for some reason for two years, we've misunderstood and sang opening the bag.

So whatever you can do, whatever you can do, uh, to help us in that regard or, or if you hinder it, uh, that's understandable too.

So what do you have?

He opened up to me, but close to me, you open up to me.

It's true.

If you open up, I won't close.

I promise you.

Wow.

That's beautiful.

That's almost symphony worthy in Seattle.

That's almost like it deserves to be listened to in a nice building.

Oh, I don't know about that.

Beautiful hall.

Yeah.

Beautiful hall.

Okay.

Well, I want to thank our guests, Zach.

Always good to see you.

Thanks Scott.

All right.

Um, and we also have, uh, uh, Celine Dion.

So nice to make your acquaintance.

Thank you so much, Scott, for having me.

I hope I get to come back.

I hope so.

And, uh, Byron, uh, uh, I mean, you'll be alive, so please come back.

I believe I will be.

What could kill you?

I don't know yet.

Has any, has anyone tried?

I mean, there is evidently there is one particular sword.

One particular sword sword.

Oh, a sword.

Is that it wasn't in a stone ever or, uh, some lady in a lake, a hurl, a scimitar.

I have no comment.

No comment.

Okay.

Hey Merlin.

Yes.

We'll see you next time.

Thanks.

Bye.
