---
layout: page
title: 566. Taran Killam, Paul Brittain, Ryan Gaul [https：⧸⧸cloudfront.wolfpub.io⧸CBB-566-20180629-KilliamGaul-SKv02-PW.mp3].mp3.wav
category: cbb 
---

♪ There once was a man from Nantucket who had an average sized penis and worked in sales until he died of sleep apnea at 52.

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

Thank you to Colfax McLivernick for that catchphrase submission.

Not sure if it's going to stick or not.

We'll see next week if I say it again.

Welcome to the show.

Scott Aukerman here for another edition of Comedy Bang Bang.

And what an edition it is.

One full calendar year ago, we had a podcast.

This is what we call them, podcast.

We had an episode of this show where we caught up with a few old friends of ours.

And we made one new friend.

And of course I am talking about the owners and proprietors of the Honeybee...

Honeybee Farm.

I can't remember exactly what the title of it was.

Calvin's Twins Honeybee Farm and Horse Fighting Emporium Facility.

It's changed.

We've done some rebranding in the last year.

Dunson Building.

It's bigger than just a ranch now.

But would it not, and I'll introduce you in a second, be the Calvin's triplets because...

Well, I mean, we'll get to this story because three of them are here.

We first spoke to them years and years ago when we found out about their surprising stories.

And this is why I enjoy doing this show is because quite often we'll book just regular people on the show.

But the more you dig into their stories, the more you realize that every person is fascinating in their own way.

And these two are no exception.

We're fascinating in several ways.

Many, many ways.

Many ways.

Okay, when we'll...

There's a third way, Scotley!

You recall?

Our newest, bestest, westest, testest, Flynn-flestest, shib-clestest, Calvin's triplet.

There ever was?

Well, please, please, please.

I'm only one-third of a part of a perfect trio.

The Holy Trinity, as they say.

I guess so.

We first got to know them as twins who work together and live together and laugh together and love together.

Although I guess that was an example of the laughing not together.

Well, and physically you can tell I got into my sort of neutral living stance.

So together you both got into the neutral living stance.

Standing here in our neutral living stance.

You seem ready to pounce.

Full of love.

It's a very grounded, very strong stance.

You have a low center of gravity.

The Calvin's estate breeds a very boisterous, bluncherous, flim-fluncherous, hot pocket in your tum-tumstress type of boy.

That's a new one.

I haven't heard that one before.

Yeah.

Are you always workshopping these?

I keep a journal by my bedside.

We first got to know them.

They are of course related.

They're brothers by birth and by choice.

A lot of people don't really have both of those, but you guys have chosen to stay together.

And they might be the family that prays together because they certainly are staying together.

We do pray together every night before bed.

We sit down against the bed and we do pray to the good Lord.

All different gods.

All different beds.

Everybody gets to pick, all right, tonight's my bed, so let's press against it.

And is it a different god depending on which bed you're in?

We reach into our 10 gallon.

We have a 10 gallon, we reach into it.

A 10 gallon hat, you mean?

No?

No.

A pickin' bucket.

We have a 10 gallon pickin' bucket.

Do you know what a pickin' bucket is?

I guess I've never heard of a pickin' bucket.

Well, Google it.

Okay.

Nothing is coming up.

Oh.

Oh, too shamefully underrepresented.

On Google.

Oh no.

Zero matches in 0.14 seconds.

Oh boy.

That's right.

And there's not even a, they're not even asking us if we meant anything else.

Nothing.

Nope, they're just saying there cannot be anything else.

That's why I bing it.

I just, I'm still binging.

You gotta bing.

Still binging.

When you're looking for a pickin' bucket, you gotta bing it.

So I first got to know the two of them, and then the third last year came into our lives.

I'm of course talking about Beverly Hopox, Chico Hands, and Bisbee St. Hancock.

They are also known as the Calvin's triplets.

Welcome guys.

Buh duh duh duh buh duh buh duh buh duh buh duh.

Buh duh duh duh.

Beverly, Chico, and Bisbee are here.

And we brought in Petunia.

Oh, Petunia's here.

Petunia.

Calm down there, Petunia.

Calm down.

Easy.

What a sweet, sweet little baby.

She's a champion, but she's a lady.

You ever dressed up as a...

Oh yeah.

As a stormtrooper.

That is like a Star Wars.

From Star Wars.

Not a, not a Nazi.

Not a Nazi.

I don't want to paint the wrong picture for anyone.

That's right.

Like a Star Wars.

Pure stormtrooper Star Wars.

That's right.

Yeah, so...

Kids love it.

They come in and you can sell it to them.

You can say, would you like to ride a stormtrooper?

That's right.

Bisbee is a huge Star Wars fan.

Is this part of your business now, is riding the horses that are going to fight later?

Well, that's one thing.

We have a meeting every Monday morning now at 11 p.m. and we talk about...

Pre-prayer.

Is that Monday morning, you say?

Every Monday morning.

At 11 p.m.

You guys have a very unusual sleep cycle.

We only follow Greenwich Mean Time.

We never change our clocks.

We think Daylight Savings is a hoax.

It's a hoax and a scam.

There.

Thank you, Chico.

And you guys have a meeting.

By that remark, we think of creative things we can do to help our business thrive.

This is one of the new ones.

Hey, why aren't the kids paying to ride these horses before they knock each other to death?

Right.

First of all, your options decrease by 50 percent post-fight.

Pre-fight, you got the pickings.

You got two options there because you never ride a horse more than 20 minutes out from fight.

Because as soon as you ride a horse and it's before 20 minutes before they're in fighting mode, they just become a riding horse.

There's a riding horse at that point.

They're not a fighting horse.

That's right.

But if you were in that 20-minute window with that horse you've been training and breeding and prepping for the fight, they'll hold on to that.

Their brains can't fully form and go like, oh, wait, maybe riding is what we're supposed to be doing.

That's right.

Horse never forgets.

Does it cause any sort of- Within 20 minutes of a fight.

Right.

Then they do forget.

Then after the 20-minute marker, they definitely forget what's the premise of what I was explaining.

But never.

Brains just get arranged.

But never forgets.

Unless it's 20.

Oh, 20.

You guys have got to get on the same page on one of your Monday morning meetings at 11 PM.

This is why they take so long.

That's true.

But we set up some horses with all sorts of different cost- Different things.

You name it, we can have a horse ready for you if you call ahead.

Because Chico's a hell of a seamstress.

I have been showing Anna Seaman since I was a young boy.

You've been doing what with Seaman?

Seaman.

Yeah, I heard you.

It's a verb.

It's what a person does when they're making seams.

Do you call that Seaman?

Oh, I see.

I see.

Yeah.

So you've been making Seaman how long?

So I've been making- Since you were 13 or so?

Making Seaman with my hand since I was a tween.

Yeah.

That's right.

A twink.

He was- A twink.

I'm sorry.

Get that twink off your brain.

Sorry.

I don't know what I was thinking.

He was- Get that twink off your brain.

Our mother was so proud because he was the first- Your dear departed mother.

To be Seaman, he was my poor mama, God rest her soul.

God rest her soul.

Who?

Bisbee.

Yes.

We discovered- Did you do a 23 and Me?

We did a three and Me.

It was just the three of us.

It was a little cheaper.

Did you guys Seaman into anything or did you- We did.

Chico made us gorgeous suits and he was Seaman all over us.

That's right.

We win it because we did it within a doctor's office.

We went straight to the source.

Yeah.

Did you get it?

A blood tester source.

Was there anything on your face or on your chest?

Oh, well, we did these wonderful hoods.

He was Seaman- A Seaman on everybody's face too.

The Seaman he did was at our chin and it went straight to the crown of our head.

The Seaman that he did around the crown of our head was just people.

We were walking down the street and they'd be like- That's some good Seaman.

They got some good Seaman on their heads.

It was great Seaman.

It almost came right down along the cheeks.

That's right.

Down the chin.

Like a gambit hood of Seaman.

Gambit from X-Men.

By the way, Chico- Is that the- That's an initial what you call a murder of crows?

Exactly.

It's like a gambit hood of Seaman?

Oh, man.

That was a gambit hood of Seaman and I look divine.

You found out you are officially ... Last time you were on the show, we didn't know if you had the same mother.

Yes.

Right.

You do have the same mother.

What did she used to ... She was very proud, you were saying, of Chico over here?

Chico, because he was such an early Seaman-er.

I was tapped at a young age to sew together all sorts of costumes for the Halloweens and other pagan holidays.

And- None of the Christian holidays?

No, none of the Christian holidays.

Are you guys not religious?

I don't think that's ever come up here.

Well, we pray- Yes, we pray every- Yeah, I was going to say, you pray, but to different gods.

Different gods.

Right.

And a different god every day of the week.

Right.

Polytheologists.

Cover your bases.

That's a baseball term.

I don't know if you guys follow sports.

Of course we do.

Of course.

Of course we do.

We are- We're sportsmen ourselves.

We are.

We are the premier horsemen in all of the Florida Panhandle horse fighting divisions.

But wait, do you guys also have a horse baseball league?

We have a softball league.

Softball, sorry.

Yeah.

There's only three of us.

It's co-ed.

It's recreational.

That's right.

But there's three of you.

You guys are all- But we have some horses play with us.

Oh, okay.

Is that what Petunia's doing here today?

Is Petunia a fighting horse or a softball horse?

Petunia's a champion.

Petunia, Petunia.

Petunia.

Oh, she's getting humble.

She's getting humbly.

Turning her face in the corner.

Petunia, Petunia, you look at Scotley.

You be proud.

You look at Scotley.

You look at me.

Okay, she's looking right at me.

Have a granola bar, Petunia.

Have a kind bar.

Calm down.

Look at that.

Boy, so you don't feed Petunia apples or anything like that.

Kind bars.

No Scotley.

Extensive hipster protein bars.

Lara bars.

She only did bar form.

That's the thing.

Really?

When you get 10 horse kills under your belt, that's when you graduate to bar form diet.

Metrics, protein bars.

A lot of metrics.

All kind of bars.

Which is tough to find nowadays.

Tagamilk.

Metrics, protein bars.

They're tough to find.

Not easy to find.

Right, especially in your neck of the woods.

Where is that again, by the way?

You rebranded, you say?

We got two different locations.

Two different locations now.

Well, Bismuth's place down there, Florida.

Right in the heart of Tampa.

Big, beautiful arena.

And ours, of course, is not far away.

You hop on the 405.

That's right.

And you take that heading up northward.

You want to take it north, but as it veers northeast, you turn onto the two fours.

That's right.

And you take that heading up northward.

You want to take it north, but as it veers northeast, you turn onto the two fours.

That's right.

And you take that heading up northward.

You want to take it north, but as it veers northeast, you turn onto the two fours.

That's right.

And you take that heading up northward.

You want to take it north, but as it veers northeast, you turn onto the two four.

The 24?

No.

Two four a long time?

Two comma four highway.

Two comma four.

Oh, okay.

Two comma four.

The two four.

See, I don't know if you know this about, I don't know how familiar you are with Florida highways.

I guess unfamiliar.

In the early days, it was a mess.

Oh, okay.

And people would just shout out, now that's a two.

That's no, that's a two.

All right, well, you can be the two.

Why have we got a two two?

Well, if you're the two two, then I'll be the two three.

I'm the two three.

Well, all right, then I guess I'll be the two four.

This is like drunk history.

I love this.

This is really bringing it to life with different voices.

Yeah.

Oh, you believe- Your character work is amazing.

Oh, Beverly loves it.

Oh, Maria Belisucci is going to have a ball playing two three.

She's good.

She's- I think she's the, if not the best there is.

Yeah.

So the business is good.

Your business is horse fighting and sometimes riding and sometimes softball and business is good.

Boom.

Business is booming.

You've rebranded.

Coo-cloo-man, ship-shoo-man, make more room-in because we're bringing the boom-in.

Oh, here comes the boom-in.

We brought you a t-shirt, in fact.

Oh, thank you.

Oh my gosh, look at this.

I've been there now, of course, Chico, semen, that whole thing.

Okay, I don't think I was- Courtesy of Chico O'Semon.

Put it on, Scotty.

That is courtesy Chico O'Semon.

Oh, that's fine semen he did.

Oh, wow.

This goes perfectly on my tits.

Yeah.

It's a half shirt.

Just a little half shirt.

That's right.

You single half shirt, the bottom.

So you just got semen all along your man tits.

But that semen does not touch your stomach.

No.

And we're very particular about that.

So thank you for this.

Last time- Yeah, last time you heard- That's great on that boob.

I've not been complimented on that.

Scotty, I've seen a lot of hosts on the boobs.

Wait, you're doing other shows?

Oh, yeah.

Oh my gosh.

Your business has gotten so popular, you're doing other shows.

We're on a press tour right now.

Really?

A junket.

Okay, so what are you here to promote then?

I mean, obviously you brought Petunia here.

There must be something really sensational going on in your careers.

This is exciting.

I mean, last time you guys were going to have a horse off, you guys were fighting.

We didn't even know you were related.

Now we know you're related and business is great.

So what are you promoting?

Well, here's the thing, Scotty, is as you know, we've put our lives into horse fighting.

I do know that.

And your careers- Our lives have been devoted to it.

Into our professions.

And as we've said, we've expanded, we've branded, we've left handed, we've panpanded, we've bejambered, and we've kind of become celebrities in our own right.

That's right.

That's true.

We've got that big dick energy from the horse fighting circuit and people want to know all about us.

Okay.

We're a trio of swamp donkeys, if you know what I mean.

No, I don't.

Should I Google that?

Hung like a swamp donkey?

You've never heard that.

I've never- Swamp donkeys have just ridiculously huge- I'm going to put it in quotes.

Yeah, nothing is coming out of here.

You got to bang it, baby.

Oh, but look, it does say.

It does say, did you mean pick and book it?

Oh, okay.

Just because that was your last search.

That was my last one.

Yeah, they're wondering if I meant the other thing that has- I see, I see.

Yeah.

So- We got offered a juice box commercial.

What?

That's right.

Really?

Okay, so in- Motts.

I'm sorry?

Motts.

Oh, like the applesauce?

Not just applesauce.

They do a cranberry apple, a raspberry apple.

They don't just do applesauce, they do motts.

They do motts juice.

In fact, they started with motts.

They do motts applesauce.

Okay.

So they do motts applesauce.

So did you take the commercial?

Sorry, that, well, well, that's, those are the sides that we've been faxed.

Oh, did you think we were, we're practicing our sides.

Oh, okay.

We got an audition for it.

Oh, yes.

Maybe we were lying a second ago.

We submitted for an audition.

You submitted.

I remember the last time you were here, you guys went to a lot of auditions, I believe?

That's right.

We've auditioned for hundreds and hundreds of different movies.

Juice box commercials.

Juice box commercials, TV shows.

Our agent told us that we had to categorize ourselves, something specific.

So like, are you a film actor or are you a TV actor?

And we said juice box.

Okay.

So can, so you checked that box.

I love that.

A juice.

What did this audition, how did it go?

What was it like?

What did you have to do for the audition?

Do you, shall we do it for them?

Well, sure, sure.

Obviously you'd have to imagine, uh, uh, I am on top of my brother's shoulders, uh, with a gigantic trench coat.

Because as I recall, you have trouble with the, with the words.

Is that what it is?

And you, uh, you ever have to whisper up to him.

And as you re-see what tiny man is, it is your tiny man.

And when the breakdown came out, it said, this is a two hander.

They absolutely refuse to see more or less.

Yeah, I like sometimes they'll do that in auditions, specify how many hands a person has.

That's right.

And so, so they were looking for one person with two hands and I'm Chico hands and you're Chico.

So you just thought, Hey, this is where I live for me.

But if you listen last time, uh, you have no interest ever in, in acting.

I remember saying that, you want to support Chico by feeding him the lines when your brother and, and partner in crime and business cohort have a dream.

Oh, Scott Lee, you haven't been reading the research.

Oh no.

Did something happen over the last year?

Well, we don't, we don't want to talk too much.

Allegedly things happen.

There's no proof, but we have been accused.

Okay.

Well, it seems like it would be an open and shut case if there's zero proof.

Let's just say that a Russian oligarch, uh, she's got some loose lips too.

Oh, okay.

Chico, you've been telling people about this?

I maybe might've whispered something while I was falling asleep after praying to my God, Poseidon.

Uh, that might've happened.

Uh, you whispered to whom?

Was this someone with you?

Whomever I had dialed on the telephone.

I, I, allegedly.

Wait, are you after you?

I dialed 911.

Oops.

Wait.

So you, did you, let me see if I can figure this out.

This story.

Did you have a guilty, but it can, it's you Scott Lee.

Thank you so much.

Better.

Did you have a guilty conscience and you called 911 on yourself and your family?

Maybe.

What, and what, what exactly happened?

Well, uh, they, uh, there was an officer came over to, I know what happens when I knew, but I mean, what did you actually do?

Oh, uh, I don't know if I'm supposed to be talking about these.

The horse is out of the stable.

Go ahead.

This is a safe.

Scott Lee is a friend of the family.

Which horse was out of what stable?

Let's just say, well, with cinnamon was out of the East stable.

Cinnamon had gotten out of the stable.

Okay.

That's not illegal right there.

What might've happened?

And we do have a saying when cinnamon's out of the stable, bad news for everyone.

That's what I am trying to tell you.

Okay.

I'm going to Google that.

That's absolutely not coming up.

Mama's favorite apron.

I was like 5% through that.

Oh gee.

That's all right.

That's 20 times longer.

Wow.

Uh, so, so far I've heard nothing illegal.

So you're in the clip.

Well, what happened was, uh, a, uh, uh, a wealthy Russian man, uh, contacted us about, uh, horse fighting.

Some sort of oligarch?

Yeah, yes, I think it was an oligarch.

Okay.

And, uh, wanted, uh, to inquire about, uh, perhaps franchising, uh, a horse fighting, uh, uh, arena.

Really?

So would this be purely a licensing deal, putting your name onto something or did they want you to come out and develop it and build it from the ground up?

It would have been a licensing deal.

That's right.

We trusted this man.

Why did you trust this man?

Very rich.

Well you know what they say, when you're with oligarch and you're family.

I had no idea.

So this Russian person came out.

So, so far Cinnamon is out of the stable.

And you know what they say, when Cinnamon gets out of the stable.

Yeah, I've heard about this.

That's trouble.

And that's what I'm trying to tell you.

5%.

So, so put on your hat, get ready to look for him because if you don't find him, there's trouble in the horizon and the horizon isn't just for everyone's eyes.

15.

It's a trip to Downsville.

And if you go downtown, you're going to find other people who are looking for trouble.

25.

Quarter of the way through.

Makes it with, makes it with Cinnamon who's looking for trouble and you got a tornado trouble.

Now, get to a third, get a third of the way through the same.

Now you also.

33 and a third.

33.33 repeating.

The mountains are after the horizon.

35.

And they're looking at you like, hey, I didn't ask for this.

40.

And then, but you say, I didn't let him out of the stable.

45.

But the stable wasn't locked, says everyone.

Well, the stable wasn't latched is how it goes.

You got halfway done.

Start over.

I don't think we have time.

This is going to be the entire show.

You didn't even get halfway through.

The stable gets latched.

I'm just telling you what they're saying is.

Right.

Yeah.

This is on your mother's apron?

It was latched.

Oh yeah.

Beautiful.

Tiny.

All over our mother's apron.

Embroided and seamed by my little brother.

Finest seaman on a mother's apron you could ever ask for.

Very proud of that.

So, so, so if I'm getting this story correctly, cinnamon, I don't even want to say it, but, and then also a Russian oligarch is there and what happened?

Well, we were in discussions to, to build a license, your name license, I named to an arena in Moscow and, and they started doing that.

And then there must have been a guy was at your farm and they started doing that.

Oh no, no.

Then they started a construction.

Okay.

Over there.

Okay.

So this, okay, great.

And then some, so wait, so cinnamon was out of the stable.

Yeah.

A Russian guy came over.

You want to start that again?

You agreed?

No, no, no, no, no, but I'm just trying to figure this story out.

Yeah.

So, and then a Russian guy came over and then they started the long lengthy permit process of, and this is all in the last year of getting this.

And so they started doing that because he saw cinnamon.

He said, look at the flanks of that beast.

Right as a horse gets so strong because he was on his way to Disney world.

Okay.

And why is he, and why is he wearing a Darth Vader helmet?

Right.

Is what I remember.

Darth Vader, you know, I can't do accents.

Yes you can.

You're so great.

That's the thing.

He's the great actor in the family, but he just gets so camera shy.

Oh no, it's a, no.

It's a gift, but it's a curse.

It's a gift of the curse is knowing the numbers, Scotley.

Not a memoir I haven't read, not a trades magazine I haven't perused.

Oh my gosh.

And it's just unlikely.

You love the business, but it's a cruel mystery.

I love showbiz.

I love it.

So, but get to the illegal part because so many months have transpired.

Did cinnamon ever return to the stable?

Oh, we put it right back in.

Oh, okay.

It's pretty old and slow.

It was easy enough to get her right back in.

You know what they say?

Once cinnamon gets back in.

No, no, they don't say that.

No, that's just the whole saying.

Once cinnamon gets back in.

Okay, that's a hundred percent.

Dot, dot, dot your lipseas and that's it.

It's once cinnamon gets back in.

Once.

So, they started construction of a horse fighting arena and then we were getting into all the paperwork and then...

So they started construction before the paperwork was completed.

That's how they do it over there, I suppose.

And then I imagine there were some financial crimes committed is what it seems like happened.

Okay.

Long story suddenly clips.

And then we pled ignorance, which wasn't difficult for them to believe.

That's not an actual plea though.

You're either guilty or not guilty.

Were you guys able to say- I said I'm ignorant.

I plead ignorant.

We threw all of our hands up and we said, I'm ignorant.

I'm ignorant.

And then the judge took mercy on us and they said they weren't up to anything nefarious at all.

Okay.

Well, congrats.

So, but were you up to something nefarious?

Yeah, I will never tell.

A tit for a tat.

Wait, a tit for a tat?

What exactly does that mean to you, Bisbee?

You know what it means.

It means like either there or here.

Okay.

I don't know.

You guys actually- Sometimes nevers.

You are guilty of these crimes.

Is that what you're trying to say?

Is this your roundabout way of confessing?

Half dozen, one.

Let me ask you this, Scott Lee.

If chartering a 40 foot fishing boat, heading down to the Caribbean, pirating island to island, storming luxury yacht, lot, yacht, lot, yachts.

Yacht lots.

We'd find lots where yachts were parked.

Just parked.

Just pirate the heck out of them, break into the saves, take the jewelry, the watches, the fine pieces of art.

And just burn them?

Burn them down.

Burn it all.

Burn all the yachts.

Okay.

Pirate away those treasures.

Right.

Cash it out in the Caymans.

Oh, shoot.

Wire half that cash to the oligarchs in Russia to complete the building of their facility for the horse fighting franchise licensees that are to benefit our family and for generations to come.

So this isn't...

If that's illegal, then lock me up.

They should have locked you up.

Yeah.

And by the way, this is not just your typical franchisee agreements.

Sounds like you were funding this completely.

No, it's nothing different than what Burger King does, I assume.

No, they would pay you to franchise the idea, not you giving back.

That's what they should be doing.

You shouldn't be financing the entire thing through piracy.

Well, if they don't have a building, Scott, then the pittance we got up front ain't worth a hot damn cow pie.

Well, the pittance that you got up front would be worth what?

A pittance.

Right.

Yeah.

But we were promised riches beyond our wildest horse dreams for years to come.

Huge amounts of riches.

I would say it was in our bestest interest to investest in the futurist of this Russian based horse fight franchise.

So has it been constructed?

Well, from what we've seen, it's about halfway completed.

When you say what you've seen, pictures or you've been over there?

I just Bing for Bing Earth.

Just Bing Earth.

I go on Bing Earth.

You just put it in Russia.

And I zoom in and then I've seen pictures of it halfway constructed.

Of course, I don't know when those pictures were taken.

That's right.

I don't know how often it's updated.

Well, you've been busy too.

That's right.

You've had your personal time divided.

Oh, is this about when I caught that shark and tried to make it fight a horse?

Wait, no what?

Oh, okay.

No, Chico.

But I do want to hear this story.

Oh, yeah.

Tell me this before we hear whatever else.

You could guess what happened.

Well, let's just say you were on a bit of a pirate spree.

An island happened in various yacht lots stealing safes and jewels.

Is it saves?

Is that the plural of saves?

No, that's what Beverly said.

Poseidon saves.

Like Jesus saves?

Yeah.

That's a play on the old favorite.

And one night I was out sleep fishing and I get a tug.

Is that where you're asleep?

Like sleepwalking, but you're fishing?

Okay.

Got it.

Great.

And my mouth was doing the whole classic yee-me-me-me-me-me-me-me-me.

The three stooges.

That's how I do it.

And when I walk, my hands are straight out in front of me.

Yeah.

Like you're a mummy.

And I pick up a big old fishing line.

And I cast it.

And I got a tug and that tug woke me from my slumber.

It jolted you awake.

It jolted me from my slumber to awakeness.

Yes.

Your romp with Morpheus was suddenly at an end.

Yes.

I believe that.

Yes.

And then...

It damaged your nightly gown.

Yes.

When you got that tug, it ripped semen from you.

The semen was...

Semen was all over that boat the next morning.

And you're out there in the middle of the ocean.

The ocean must have been like a wet dream, sort of.

It was a wet nightmare.

Right.

Okay.

Wet dream as well.

Okay.

And...

Tugging...

Semen.

Semen every day.

Tugging it to semen.

Right.

Just soaking wet.

Sopping wet.

It must have taken you hours to clean it up.

You got that right.

Did you put your nightgown into the washing machine hoping no one would notice?

I did, yes.

Now, Bisbee and I would definitely...

I found it in the hamper.

Yeah.

I still am not sure this story actually happened.

I was like, why is this semen all over this?

And you yelled from the other room.

You said, no then.

No, Bisbee.

And I said, oh no.

And I was covering up my genitals with both hands.

Yeah, I knew right away.

So my question I guess is...

Where's all our bait and tackle?

Right.

That was the part of the story you were concerned about.

Where's our bait and tackle?

I had a pecking bucket full of minnows somewhere around...

Where did it go?

And I had to come clean.

My bait and tackle.

I had to come clean.

So you came clean.

He came clean all over us.

I came clean.

So my question I guess is, was this fight on the land or underwater?

Because I would probably bet on one or the other depending on where this fight took place.

I would bet on the shark underwater and I would bet on the horse on land.

Interesting.

It sounds like we got a couple of bets placed here.

Well I haven't put...

I mean one is only placed depending on whichever...

And by the way, this is in the past so I would imagine you both know.

How much would you like to bet?

We may know.

We may not.

Just take the bet, Scotley.

I only bet on future sporting events.

Not ones that have happened in the past.

I'll start though.

Like I'm not going to bet on the 1928 World Series right now.

We'll take that bet.

Michael J. Foxwood.

The 28 he would?

Oh, if he went back to 27 I guess.

That's right.

So where was it held and who won?

So well the fight was held, it began on a sort of a platform right near the water.

And so I dragged that bastard shark up onto the platform that we had constructed special for the fight.

Any water on the platform?

It was slick with water, yes.

It was slick with water.

Just a little bit though.

And the hot sun beating on that big old fish.

You got hurricane season down there so when you're building a platform in the middle of the Caribbean you want there to be drainage, you know what I mean.

Sure, of course.

It wasn't completely level.

So we dragged that bastard up there onto the platform and we let that horse go.

So at this point I'm favoring the horse because the shark is drying out, there's drainage, there's no water keeping it alive so I would have to say then the horse would stomp it to death.

How much you got on this now?

I mean if you've described it accurately half a million on the horse.

Take the man's money.

Wait, no, I mean we don't take it until I either give it to you or you give me a half million.

No, no, we make the rules Scott.

We make the rules Scott Lee.

And we are all gentlemen here.

You're not going back on a gentleman's agreement.

We've already agreed.

Can I write you a check or?

No, we take PayPal.

Can I Venmo or something like that?

You can Venmo me, yeah.

Who are you on Venmo?

I'm Chico Hands at AOL.

Chico Dash Hands, we've had trouble with that.

Somebody's ended up with all the money.

Gotta keep that half in it.

It's underscore.

The dash is the underscore.

That one's not working anymore.

I'm just finding a bunch of Chico Hands at this point.

It is Chico underscore.

These are all you.

They're all pictures of you.

Yes.

You kind of can't go wrong.

At Bing.org.

Okay.

So, all right.

I Venmo'd you.

There we go.

Speaking of Bing, Bing, there is.

Bing.

All right.

Okay.

So.

And you were betting on the horse.

I was betting on the horse, of course.

That's right.

Of course.

He's betting on the horse, of course.

You win.

You won.

Well.

Damn it.

You won.

You won for a half million dollars.

There might have been.

There might have been if there was.

So the odds were.

It was.

Not in our favor, Scott.

It was nine to one.

We knew how it ended.

Damn it.

It was nine to one.

And you guys were.

I tried.

I was trying to wink at you guys saying, let's not do this.

It looked like a sexy wink.

Like you were like.

It was.

Hey, we got this guy.

It felt like a supportive wink.

Oh, it was.

All right.

Well.

How are you guys going to pay me?

Yeah.

I'm going to Venmo that to you right now.

Oh boy.

This is going to hurt our profits.

Oh yeah.

Okay.

Wait.

We never told him what the odds were.

So how much he made.

So we never told him.

Four and a half million.

He already told you.

He 100% just did.

Yeah.

I missed that.

I missed that in the cross talk.

Unfortunately.

You know, hey, it was a fair bet.

It truly was.

I can't believe it worked out for me.

If you could have seen it, the horse took one stomp on that.

Just curb stomped it.

American history extended.

Just by the edge.

Right at the edge.

And just stomped his hoof straight through.

Just straight through.

Sort of at the base of the dorsal fin.

They really gave it good inertia.

And sharks have so many teeth too.

It just must have just crumbled all there.

Oh yeah.

He whipped it around, picked it up, whipped it around, threw it probably for a while.

He picked it up with what?

He doesn't have a possible hooves.

On his hooves.

Whoa.

Because he had stomped two hooves.

Clapping his hooves together?

Yeah.

Oh my God.

He whipped it around.

That horse, it was.

Which horse was it?

Trimax.

That was Trimax.

Big horse.

Trimax was a genius horse.

And he would put opposite charged horseshoes on each of his hooves.

Like magnetic opposite?

Like magnetic so he could grip ya.

That's right.

He could grip ya.

So they just whiz right together.

Right on the tail.

That's just animate.

You never want to get those next to like a shark's head because it'll just smash it.

Just smash it right through it.

Right through it.

Straight off.

Whipped it for 500 yards.

Oh my gosh.

That's amazing.

So did you film this or anything like that?

We have it on film.

Is this like a too hot for TV like video tape that you guys are selling or?

Horse has gone wild.

That's right.

One horse in particular.

Horse has gone wild.

We keep trying to sell it to shock week, but the executives on planet earth are so like oh the poor shark.

Yeah those are about the majesty and how scary they are.

This is just a massive thing.

They're chicken shit.

We give us the goddamn money.

This is good shock footage.

Pay us the money.

You're going to need some money because I need to get paid here, but we need to take a break.

When we come back, I do want to get to you were saying that Chico here has something going on in his life.

We'll take that bet.

How much that we're coming back?

How much?

I'll bet the full four and a half million on it.

All right.

We are coming double or nothing.

What's the odds?

We'll be right back.

I hope.

Yeah, comedy bang bang.

We're back here with Beverly hope, Hocks, Chico hands and Bisbee St. Hancock, the three best friends, the Calvin's triplets.

That's the Calvin's is possessive.

Is that correct?

Calvin?

That's like Ruth's Chris.

Right?

Yes.

You into a Ruth's Chris?

Oh, I love a Ruth's Chris.

He makes us go to Ruth's Chris every night.

Every night we go.

Yeah.

Every single night.

Every night.

So you guys like eating cows.

Big time.

Yeah.

We've been trying to sell them a horse meat.

They won't take it.

No.

Well, you got, you have a lot to go around.

We sure do.

We got plenty.

I don't know if we've established it, but you guys, you do horse fights at your bee honey bee farm, as you were saying, emporium where to the death.

So 50% of your horses die every single day and you have about eight fights per day.

That's right.

And it's a good time to go out there.

You're in Florida now, before you were just off the 6 0 5 to the 6 0 6 and then the 6 0 7 and then the 6 0 8 was a big roundabout.

I believe it's going to take you around as many times as you want.

Yeah.

And sometimes you may want, you know, spend half the day there.

You might.

Yeah.

If you're having fun, you could end it.

You, this is a thing you could.

Thank you.

Bisbee.

Uh, I appreciate the co-sign on that brother.

Um, thank you.

And thank you for calling me brother.

Okay. I'm technically not one of the Calvin's triplets.

How do you know?

That's true.

I haven't done a three and me on this, but, uh, before the break, uh, and we also have Petunia here.

Who's one, uh, I assume one of your champion champion, uh, uh, horses, uh, that's right.

She's gone over 10 fights, raining June champion.

Right.

And, uh, Chico, go ahead and Venmo him back.

Yeah.

Could I have that money by the way?

Yeah.

You get the 9 million.

It's four point.

It's 4.5.

There were no odds on that.

Wait.

So I just get back what I put into it.

It was not a good bet for either of us.

So it was a zero to zero.

That's right.

A wager.

Even Steven.

Okay.

Well I'll take the four and a half then.

I'm just going to send that four and a half right over to you right now.

We've paid you $9 million.

No, I guess I only four and a half because he gave us back.

He invested in the bet.

First I put in 4.5.

We bet that it would come back.

Scott had doubts.

No, I didn't.

It was the odds were not even even of what I get.

Even money.

They were zero to zero.

Oh, you didn't bet any money.

I know he bet the money.

I bet the money.

And he won, but the odds were nothing.

But if I had lost, I got them back as well.

Yes.

I get the money back.

Zero back.

No, I get my four and a half million back.

But isn't that what we were giving you originally?

Yeah, exactly.

And the second bet, the second bet you won.

I won, but if I'd lost, it would have the same thing.

You would have given me the four and a half back.

So we gave him four and a half.

Oh, God.

Enough.

I want to hear about Chico's.

I want to hear about Chico's big, big announcements.

You were saying.

I guess my question is, yes.

Are we back?

We're back.

Well, that's the part I didn't understand.

Okay.

Yes, we are back.

Yeah.

I won that bet.

Although I would have lost it.

It wouldn't have mattered.

All right.

So we owe you $9 million.

No, four and a half.

And I got it back.

I got it back.

It's in my Venmo now.

So Chico, you have a big announcement that you were trying to say.

That's right.

I'm getting married.

He's getting hitched.

What?

Yeah.

Hitched like a horse?

Yeah.

Tied down.

I like that.

I did.

I can't believe neither of you have said that to him.

Tied down.

Yeah, why didn't you think of that clever thing?

Hitched like a horse.

Well, because do the horses get hitched or does the trailer?

Well, they get hitched together.

That's where the expression came from.

For sex?

No.

For sex?

No.

I mean, I would imagine horses, yes, they do have sex with each other.

Yes, they do.

That's how you make new horses.

You better believe they do.

Wait, so your horses have sex with each other?

We don't allow our horses to have sex.

That's why we go to horse breeders elsewhere when we're scouting for horse fighting talent.

But we assume that they do hoof stuff when we're not looking.

So wait.

So you don't allow your horses to have sex, so you go to breeders to do what?

For the breeders to have sex with the horses?

To find a good horse fight.

That's right.

Horse fighting horse.

Okay.

To find talent.

Trimax is known to use his magnetic powers.

Magnetic hoof.

Hook right around the shaft of a fellow horse.

And for some time, he will move that along and we will allow that.

I would think that it would decimate the horse penis with the force.

Oh, it does.

Okay, I'm not talking like in a pleasurable way.

Oh, that's how you neuter the horses.

That's how we neuter.

Trimax has just got in there and he's now our neutering horse doctor.

Oh, well that's a nice.

So you haven't killed Trimax and put him out to pasture.

Oh, no, he's going to live a long life with those magnetic hooves.

Could you have just kept the magnets?

That doesn't make any sense.

Okay, sorry.

They're on Trimax's hooves.

You never dis-hoove a horse.

You don't?

You're a champion?

That is.

Petunia, Petunia, how would you feel if we tried to dis-hoove you?

Calm down, down.

Oh, Petunia, I didn't mean anything bad.

I didn't mean anything bad.

Case and point.

I just asked a horse in front of you what it would feel like to have your hooves removed.

This feels like a magic trick.

You know, like stomp once for two plus two equals how many, stomp four times.

She can do a real magic trick.

Really?

Yeah.

Take out your deck of cards.

Okay.

This is going to be good.

Okay.

Scotty, how much money are you putting on this one?

I don't know what I'm betting on or not betting on.

Do you believe that Petunia- I'll tell you this right now, the odds are two to one.

Two to one odds.

Okay, for what to happen?

That I might be- You got to pick a card.

Okay.

I'll pick a card.

All right, great.

All right, now don't show Petunia.

Okay, I won't show Petunia.

What am I betting on?

Whether Petunia will know the card?

We will tell you.

One more time.

When the illusion is done.

Have I bet though?

I'll bet the full four and a half.

Four and a half million.

All right.

Petunia, come on with me.

Petunia, you need to know what I'm betting on.

Petunia's going to turn around now.

Okay.

And we're going to open the door.

Okay.

It's a noisy door.

I apologize.

And she's going to leave the room.

Okay.

Close the door, Petunia.

Do you have any granola bars out there?

Because she's going to eat all of them.

I have gold bars out there.

I hope they're going to be eaten.

Oh no.

Now show us the card.

Okay, here you go.

Okay.

Eight of clubs.

Classic middle of the deck card.

Classic card.

Now I want you to eat that card.

Eat it in your mouth.

Like digest it or just put it in my mouth?

Put it in your mouth.

Tear it up at all or crumple it.

Avoid the trick.

Totally flat.

You can roll it.

Okay.

I feel like I'm going to...

Roll it in the tube.

I can't roll it.

Tube it.

Tube the card.

Stop it.

I'm getting intubated here.

Okay.

Ew, gross.

Yeah, you're the ones who wanted me to do it.

He did it.

We didn't say it wasn't going to be gross.

Oh, Scotland.

You know what they say.

What do they say?

Never swallow a tube card during a horse trick.

That's five percent.

Always tuck it under the tongue.

Ten.

Because then when the horse returns to the room.

Fifteen.

They're going to ask you for that card back.

Twenty.

Now I'm sort of getting where it is.

The horse is going to return and ask me for the card back.

Because if you swallow it home.

Twenty five.

Number one, you'll have some tummy aches.

Thirty.

And it's going to come out the other end eventually.

Thirty five.

And good luck with that.

Forty.

But if you can hand it back to the horse.

Forty five.

Then the trick can continue.

Halfway home.

Oh no.

You know what?

The trick can go on.

Hold on.

I'll start over.

Oh no.

We don't have time for this.

So what's happening now?

When do I get my four and a half million back?

Well I'm going to let Petunia back in.

OK.

Petunia come in.

Come on in here, darling.

Petunia.

Get this.

Can't tell what is horse mouth sounds and what is horse hoof sounds.

Oh, it's very drafty in here.

Oh my god.

What is that?

Is it a human baby?

What is happening here?

I don't quite.

I don't quite understand what's happening.

This is.

It's bedazzling.

I can't believe what I'm seeing with my eyes.

Oh my god.

Now I'm going to close the door.

Petunia.

Petunia, yes.

He swallowed the cart.

Am I being made fun of by a horse?

That was just a trick.

Petunia's laughing at you.

OK.

It's not a typical trick.

A magic trick.

It's just a trick on you.

So it's just to humiliate me.

That's right.

OK.

I'm making up clubs.

OK.

Did you hear that?

I heard it.

Was that your cup?

It was.

So do I win?

Petunia just said it.

So I win.

What did you bet?

What did you guess?

Four and a half million.

Yes.

Yes, he won.

I get nine million.

And he said the horse was going to cash it right.

Yes.

Now.

I didn't know.

The best day for the Calvin's triplets brothers.

Man, nine million dollars.

Man.

OK.

I'll Venmo that right over to you.

Thank you.

I wouldn't have winked any hotter.

Jeepers.

Creepers.

You were winking so hot.

I was winking.

That's why I felt good about it.

You guys know this horse can do this trick.

Oh yeah.

We taught it to him.

So why are you?

OK.

Well thank you.

All right.

Full confession, Scotley.

That wasn't Petunia talking.

That was me.

That was.

If you notice, I lowered my hat.

Yeah.

Over my mouth.

That's his 10 gallon.

I did notice.

My 10 gallon hat.

Picking hat.

So we have nobody to blame but ourselves.

Yeah, but yourself actually.

Yeah, I guess it's mostly us.

I think these guys should be blaming you.

Oh boy.

We're all together on this.

We go down.

She go.

Bev, we are running.

That's your wedding fund.

Yeah, we are running.

Yeah.

Speaking of the wedding, you're getting married.

This is so exciting.

That's right.

To whom are you betrothed?

Well, her name is Marinka.

And I found her in a catalog, a Russian catalog.

Was she a model in the catalog or was she?

No, you could purchase a wife.

She's being sold.

Oh, okay.

That's right.

Okay, interesting.

She is so old.

Very old.

How old?

Crazy old.

We could be a range.

I guarantee if we said guess, you will be way under.

Okay, should I, you want to bet on this?

I'll bet the full nine million on it.

Nine million.

Nine million that there's no way you could guess her actual age.

And I'll go even further and say, no matter what you say, she's older.

No matter what you say, she'll be older than that.

No matter what age I say she'll be.

So is this the bet?

That's the bet.

That's the bet or is it that I'm guessing her entire age?

Wait, that's the bet you're making?

Well, there's two bets.

We're saying he can't get exactly.

That's what?

And then he's going to underbid.

No matter what I say.

He will always underbid.

Okay, so.

And how much money are you putting up?

Me?

Yeah.

What are the odds on your bet?

I'm not betting, I'm giving you the bet.

Yeah, I know, but what are the odds?

I put in six million.

Six million.

So it's at a nine to six odds.

So it's a three to two odds.

And what are the odds on you?

You won't get exactly her age.

And what are the odds?

Thousand to one.

That's ten.

Thousand to one.

So three to two and a thousand to one.

No, jeez.

Ten thousand to one.

Ten thousand to one and three to two for you.

Yes.

So I'm going to bet one age and if I get it exactly right.

If you get it exactly right, I mean you've just, you've cracked the code.

I'm going to bet four and a half million on yours and I'm going to do four and a half million on yours.

Two slightly different odds.

Ten thousand to one at four and a half million.

That's a lot of zeros.

Maybe all of the money in the world.

Well, we'll see if you can do it.

Let's see if I can do this.

I'm not sure that you do that.

Let me think this over.

Okay.

So you think it's really a, so I could win this by basically I could win the three to two by saying like infinity because that's the highest number there is.

And then, but then on my four and a half million, I would only get back approximately 3 million or so of it.

And then I would lose the four and a half million over here because undoubtedly she's not infinity.

So I'm going to lose money on that.

So I should guess something actually realistic and try to win both.

I'm going to say 47.

That's right.

Oh, how did you guess a number that high?

Son of a bitch.

God damn it.

Oh, that smarts.

Yeah, yeah.

You, yeah.

I had a horrible feeling from the beginning of that.

I said, I said, don't you do this.

Don't you bring it up.

And I said, it could be easy money.

God damn it.

Well, somebody get out a calculator.

Okay.

I can't even fathom it.

Oh, Petunia is going to add up what we owe you.

You owe me about 3 million or so.

Yeah.

Uh, but uh, as for you guys, 47 gazillion dollars.

Oh my God.

I'm sad.

That's a lot.

I'm sad for like, you just Venmo that to me right now.

Yeah.

Yes.

I'll Venmo that over.

All right.

Thanks guys.

Oh, Marinka is not going to be happy about this.

She's got a joint checking account.

Fortunately she can cover it.

She can really.

Is she, is she a rich?

She's absurdly wealthy.

Extremely wealthy.

Why is she in a catalog?

That's a good question.

His Venmo account is attached to her bank account.

So that 47 gazillion should be right over there right now.

That will be noticed.

Is she the daughter of one of these wealthy oligarchs from Russia?

I wouldn't be surprised.

You don't know?

I mean, it's difficult to imagine in order for her to be a daughter of someone that means there's someone older than her.

That's her parents.

She go doesn't speak Russian.

No.

And she doesn't speak a lick of English.

Not a word.

Is her last name oligarch?

Yes it is.

Marinka oligarch.

Okay.

Interesting.

So you guys don't understand each other, but she's very rich.

You can tell she's rich because you joined your banking accounts together.

Yeah.

She just, she just sent you $47 gazillion.

I appreciate it.

I mean, probably a couple million from us.

So this is why you're so free with your money because there's a bottomless well of.

As far as I know, yeah.

So tell me the story.

Tell me.

So you ordered her from the catalog, although I don't know why she needs the money.

That's right.

Well, it was from a mad magazine, the back of a mad magazine.

That's madman.

He fed, he fed folded the back page and there her face was.

Mad magazine.

Okay.

And there she was.

And there was a phone number right there.

It said KL five.

Okay.

And then several other numbers.

I don't want to give away what that was.

Right.

But yeah, but a five, five, five.

Yeah.

And, and I called her up and I said, hello, I have just seen your face.

She didn't understand any of this.

She said a bunch of gibberish back to me.

I didn't understand a word of it, but I got one of those on my phone.

I got one of those translate apps.

Sure.

That can translate spoken word.

Yeah.

App is sure for application.

And I just held it up to the phone and then she would take it.

Okay.

So you were on a regular on a landline and you were holding your cell phone up to the landline.

That's exactly right.

Okay, great.

You've described it exactly how it went down.

And I had held on my phone and she would say stuff and then the team would do and it would translate that.

And then I translated into Russian, hold your phone up to the thing and it'll translate my words.

And then we went through the whole thing.

So when you say that you guys are not communicating, you guys actually, it sounds like you're understanding each other pretty clear.

Well their phones are communicating.

Yeah, unless these phone apps are inaccurate, which is entirely possible.

Or maybe they're sentient on their own and having a conversation that doesn't involve the two of you.

Yeah.

That is true.

In which- Thank you, Bisbee.

Appreciate that, brother.

You got it.

So we got engaged over the phone.

Amazing.

So she's here?

She's on her way.

You've never met her?

No.

Oh, okay.

But you have some nerd pictures.

Yeah.

In the studio.

Oh, really?

Amazing.

When are you guys planning the wedding?

Are you today or- I think it will be later today if she's okay with that.

You say later today within this program?

I think it's possible.

It's a good time for me to say too, if you need me to be your best man, I will be.

Well, come on.

No.

No, no offense meant.

I'm just saying I'm probably most prepared.

Offense received.

Bisbee, I mean, this here.

This here being Bevva, his brother, his whole life.

But I'm just saying I'd look pretty cool.

I'm seven foot nine.

I have a wonderful, wonderful suit.

You'd slow down the ceremony.

I would do no such thing.

When the priest asks for the rings, you got to reach in all the way down to that seven foot nine pocket.

You got to pull it all the way out.

That's called a dramatic moment.

What's this suit that you have that you're so proud of?

Oh, I did the semen on it.

Stormtrooper suit.

It's a suit made of wool done in a pattern of a Nazi stormtrooper.

That's right.

It's done like a Nazi suit.

I thought it was a Star Wars one, but okay.

No, no, no, no, no.

Okay.

So yeah, I don't know.

I mean, this is- I accept.

You don't have to pick the best man now.

You just got to do it before the end of the show.

Okay.

I guess I got something to think about.

In the meantime, I accept.

If you choose to do that, I'll just say it.

Well, you can't be so presumptuous as to accept.

Who's out of the door?

Petunia.

Petunia, get in the door.

I am for Chico.

Marinka.

Oh my God.

It's you in the flesh.

You is Chico.

Oh, I am not Chico.

It's Bisbee, but may I kiss you?

Down here.

Look down.

You is Chico?

Yeah.

No, no, no, no.

I'm Belva.

I'm Chico's brother.

Look to your left.

That's my twin.

It's your best man.

Well, we'll see about that.

Allow me to give you- You is Chico.

Oh, I'm very flattered, but no.

I'm afraid Chico is down and to the left of you.

Hello.

No.

Hey.

No.

Marinka.

I think she was saying yet.

No.

Marinka.

Down there, Marinka.

Oh, Chico hands.

Down here.

You is Chico.

Yeah.

Chico's- I am not Chico, but I will give you a welcome present to America.

Hey.

Well, how are you going to pick?

I'll just say.

Well, this 7'9 fiance stealing- No, I was giving her a sisterly welcome.

Copper feeling, mean- No.

Wheelin' dealin' hockster for your best man.

He just laid lips on your newly arrived plus a bride.

It's a welcome present.

I can't believe you just did that, Bisbee.

It was a small, long kiss on the lips.

It was a long- You consider that long?

It was a very long kiss.

It was a very long- That's the longest kiss I've ever had.

Really?

With tongues and everything.

With tongue.

Two, to be precise.

Okay, so just to paint a picture for the listeners.

Dang, wait.

A very tall Russian woman just walked in whose face, I hope I'm not insulting your future bride, Chico, looks a lot like two pieces of flesh that have been folded and put together.

That's accurate.

Like the back of a magazine, a mad magazine.

Marinka.

Marinka, yes.

Marinka oligarch.

Duh.

This is Chico, your, I don't know what the word for husband is.

Maybe you, should you bing translate?

Oh, just bing it, baby.

Yeah.

How's my, uh.

Uh, gondusha.

Gondusha.

Chico.

Gondusha.

Yes.

Nied.

Hey.

Gondushka.

What?

No, he's pointing at Bisbee.

If you're looking at me as your best man, then things are wide open and I could take Marinka.

Well, well, here's the thing though, too.

I'm still either way in the running for best man.

That's right.

So I feel like everything's coming up bever.

Yeah.

You have a hundred percent odds on being best man.

You want to take a bet on that?

I'll make a bet.

I'll make the entire 32 gajillion that you're going to be the best man by the end of the thing.

Go ahead and Venmo that.

Okay.

What are the odds on that?

Yeah.

So one to 4,600.

One to 4,600.

Okay.

So if he wins, I get a fraction 4600 of 82 gajillion back plus my 38 gajillion originally.

Okay.

I'll take it.

That's reasonable.

Okay.

So this is Marinka.

Duh.

Well, I can't deny that I have just a huge attraction to you.

Oh my God.

I'm sorry, Chico.

By the way, your erection is about Chico's height right now.

It's like practically as long as the semen on Chico.

It's practically poking him in the eye.

Get that boner away from me.

No, you deserve that.

Stop it.

Talk to her.

Respect it.

Hey, how do you like that?

How are you getting inside it?

Get it away.

Okay.

It's died down.

Seems like Chico's picked up a thing or two from watching all them horse fights.

That's right.

Guilty as charged.

Beating his dicks as of the day.

Trimax would be proud.

Marinka, will you come with me?

What?

Chico is kadushka.

Yeah.

Mariko seems so impressed by Chico's manly slapping of Bisbee St. Hancock's penis that she now is- Hancock's cock?

Yes.

Hey, Chico.

You're welcome.

Why are you winking at me flirtily like that?

Because I was doing that as a favor to you.

Oh my gosh.

What an incredible favor.

That's like the type of favor a best man would give someone.

It is that kind of favor.

Well that is just absolutely impossible to argue with.

And if I made Bisbee my best man, that would mean that we would win the bet and we'd win a whole lot of Scotty Ockerman's money right back.

So I have decided.

500 grand.

Which is kind of nothing to me.

I have decided.

There's no rule also that you couldn't have more than one best man.

That's a fine point as well.

But there is a rule.

You gotta have a witness.

Yes you do.

I could be the witness if you both want to be best men.

Well now we need an officiator.

We also need a DJ.

I don't know.

Look Engineer Sam can be- Hey who the heck's catering this affair?

Where are the flowers?

Look, I can't do all these jobs.

Engineer Sam can be the DJ, but Chico, have you ever officiated your own wedding?

Not until today, but it's a good time to start.

They say that only a fool represents himself in court, but I think that you could officiate your own wedding.

I'll be the witness.

You both be best men.

I haven't decided who's the best man yet.

We'll be the best men.

Both of us should be.

I've made my decision.

What's your decision?

And this is very important.

The best man will be only Bevah.

I win!

God damn it!

You were so close!

How did it happen?

Too many lost men.

How did it happen?

I was just trying to steer you into picking both so I could still win.

Crud!

Oh crud I didn't.

Crud is right.

Well, I never fully forgave you for calling us the shameful boys.

Lo that year ago.

The shameful boys, I haven't heard about that for a year.

We need to take a break.

When we come back, we're going to have a wedding for the ages.

This is incredible.

Chico Hance will be officiating his own wedding to Marinka Oligarch and Beverly Hope-Pox will be the best man.

I will be the witness.

Engineer Sam here will be the DJ.

This is very exciting.

I'm not sure who's catering, who brought the flowers.

We'll sort all of that out in the break.

We'll be right back with the Calvin's triplets wedding right after this.

Comedy bang bang, we are back.

Dearly beloved.

We are gathered here to, oh I'm just reciting my favorite Prince song.

Do you guys have a favorite Prince song?

I'm just trying to, I'm here with Engineer Sam trying to put together the DJ playlist for the...

Bat dance.

Bat dance definitely.

I like bat dance.

Okay, well I need more than just bat dance guys.

Why?

Well we're trying to figure out a playlist here.

Couple different versions of bat dance.

Yeah just bat dance.

Have you ever heard bat dance live?

Various remixes, I'm not sure he ever played it live.

From the La Fontaine Theater in Helena, Montana.

Okay maybe.

Guys, it's time for this wedding.

I mean Marinka Oligarch has been upstairs gussing herself up I would imagine and getting ready.

You guys have gotten into your tuxedos and Bisbee St.

Hancock you're in your Nazi storm trooper outfit.

That's right.

And you're...

Ready to rock.

You're taking on a brand new, you have a very different aura about you right now.

That's right.

Very authoritative if I may say so.

Everybody sit down!

Oh my goodness.

Calm yourself.

Alright.

Bisbee.

Alright well as you can hear the string section is warming up and it's just about time Chico or how do you feel?

Oh a little bit nervous.

I hope I don't get cold feet.

Well as your best man.

Oh but I don't get cold hands.

Cold hands!

I hope you don't get cold bedsheets.

And I as your brother and your best man and your best friend and your best bee honey horse fighting promoting business partner want to say to you that I wish you all the happiness in the world.

And when you get in there in that wedding bed tonight just keep your eyes closed.

Very focused on that.

Because I know how you get.

Yes.

Very focused on the post.

And as the runner up to best man I'd like to also say good luck.

It's a hard road that many fail at.

And chances are somewhere down the road you'll have an opportunity to screw this up.

And I hope that you don't but I have complete faith that you will and if you don't Marinka might and who cares it's all shit in the end we die.

Bisbee.

What?

Your attitude stinks.

And I'm starting to wonder if you're even a brother from the same mother.

Well maybe I am maybe I'm not.

Who cares?

I care and I will take the bet that Chico will not fail this marriage.

I'll take that bet.

What are the odds?

The odds are death.

Whoa.

That's a lot of pressure.

Gosh I'm glad I didn't chime in that I wanted to bet on this.

So if he fails you die and if he goes on.

If he doesn't fail then until your death then you die.

Then I die.

Are you willing to take those odds?

Yes.

Sissy boy.

Great odds for you Bisbee.

I will absolutely take that bet.

Deborah can I talk to you for a second?

Yeah yeah what's up Scottley?

This is a bad bet for you.

Scottley if there's anything I'm certain of it's bet.

This is a very bad bet.

I don't like to brag but I'm quite honestly probably the best bettor you will ever meet in your life.

You have lost so much money to me today.

Or has one of my favorite hosts won so much money with bets that I was very much in control of.

Orchestrating?

This is like Now You See Me 2.

My favorite movie.

I knew that.

My favorite movie novelization.

Here we go.

In fact I would like you to look at what I have inside my tux pocket.

Oh I thought that was a Bible but no it's a novelization of Now You See Me 2?

And Now You See It as Well 2.

That's on the back yes.

When you're finished reading it says.

Oh the books have kept going it's a great series.

They call it the Harry Potter of Eisenberg magic movies.

Wow well thank you for this wonderful gift on the occasion of your brother's wedding.

My point is don't you worry about a thing Scottley.

Okay so will you take this bet you fronten, bunten, big log luntin, dry humpin, piece of wet toad swap.

I will more than take this bet.

I will take this bet to my grave literally.

And I will take it right now with a handshake on the probably failed marriage that is about to happen here today.

No spitting out.

That is a giant loogie.

Oh it's on the inside of his head.

Do you have a cold or something?

Why do you have so much congestion?

Oh god.

Please stop it.

Oh but flam for days.

If I know one thing about my recently acquired brother, nobody flams like Bisbee.

Shake on it.

Oh god this is disgusting.

It flew all over the place.

God it got all over my under boob.

We have ourselves an accord.

Okay well Chico how do you feel about them betting on the success of your marriage?

I am very concerned.

Extremely concerned.

But I guess I can't turn back now.

I guess unless I.

Oh you can't do.

Chico you gotta think hard.

How can you fix this for your two best friends in the world?

Think hard Chico.

Have an internal monologue that is spoken out loud into a microphone nonetheless.

Oh I'd like to hear this.

Okay.

Ding.

Oh that's an idea.

Okay.

I worked on that.

I can decide on that.

He's indecipherable now but it sounds like he's come up with a great idea.

I guess I got an idea here.

Oh and just in time because look at that.

Marinka.

Marinka has appeared at the top of the stairway.

Well well.

Look at her.

I didn't notice the stairway in this recording studio.

And here it is.

Oh the lovely strains of Here Comes the Bride.

How about this?

Petunia walking Marinka down the aisle.

Well.

Well Marinka here you are.

What a lovely wedding dress.

And I've done all of the seamen on that.

So short.

The dress?

That's a mini mini.

You can see everything.

It looks like Scott's underboob.

Marinka's bottom looks just like Scott's underboob.

Marinka's bottom does look like a underboob.

And it looks like two things folded together if you know what I mean in the right way.

I do know what you mean.

I'd like to read that magazine.

I wouldn't mind having it explained to me.

After the show I believe.

So Chico.

After the wedding.

Yes.

Chico.

Oh yes.

You're going to be officiating.

I suppose it's time for me to officiate in this.

Dearly beloved we are gathered here today.

Yes we already have that in the playlist.

Don't worry.

To celebrate a thing called life.

We have Bat Dance too.

Don't worry.

Great.

It's all taken care of.

Don't worry.

Go ahead and officiate.

So let's cut to the chase.

Bat Dance.

Oh we got a live one.

Calm down now.

Calm down.

This is my wedding.

Now.

We're just excited to hear Bat Dance.

We don't get to hear it all that much.

Now Marinka.

You are gathered here today and do you take Chico hands to be your awfully wedded husband?

Awfully.

Yes.

And do you take Chico hands to be your awfully wedded husband?

Yes.

And do you take Chico hands to be your awfully wedded husband?

Yes.

From the second I laid eyes on my future husband Chico hands I was disappointed.

Then when I saw this man confront the giant ones large piece I knew I had chosen a good partner for breeding.

That was really nice to hear from that telephone.

Yeah.

Application.

Could have been wrong though.

You never know.

Those things aren't 100% accurate.

Yeah.

All right.

Calm down.

Look who's the phone nap Nazi.

Amongst other things.

And Chico.

Chico.

Yes.

Do you take Marinka to be your awfully wedded wife?

I keep saying awfully instead of lawfully.

All right.

Speaking to your phone application there.

Do it in English verse and it'll come out in Russian.

I'm going to do it quietly.

Okay.

Well we can't hear anything that he said.

And now I will.

And I'll translate it myself what it said.

Okay.

It said.

Why didn't you just do it for us?

No.

It said no?

No.

I do not take Marinka to be my awfully wedded wife.

Bevva.

That's incredible.

You're Bevva.

Well, well, well.

He's just talking to himself.

How are you going to let this happen as the best man?

Let me finish next time Chico.

His internal monologue.

Bevva.

You are witnessing before your eyes the deterioration of your brother's one true love.

There's a reason why I did it.

You said, yeah, what's the reason?

Because you.

Because if, because if I got married somehow it would lead to one of my two best friends being killed.

So by never getting married, never getting married, the bet doesn't even exist.

The bet was never consummated.

I'm not going to let this Russkie tear apart.

Well hey.

The greatest triumvirate that ever did exist.

What is happening?

I'm kicking your ass to the curb Marinka.

That's what's going down.

Not the curb the Trimax stomps that shark on.

No, no, no, no.

No, no.

That's in the middle of the Caribbean.

Scott Lee.

What's Trimax doing here?

Oh no, he's running towards me.

Oh my God.

The magnets on Trimax's hooves slammed together and somebody get the bounty.

Crushed her head.

No boy.

Oh my God.

She's dead.

She's decapitated.

Hold on, let me feel a pulse.

No, wait a second.

A pulse?

Oh yes.

This crushed headed woman is absolutely deceased.

Hold on now.

What's this here in her handbag?

What's this?

Wait a minute.

It looks like it's in Russian, but it's similar to our American checks.

Oh my God.

And it is a check for 50 gazillion dollars.

Who's it made out to?

Scott Lee.

Yeah, fuck yeah.

Trimax, no.

Trimax.

Oh no.

He's gonna throw it.

He's gonna throw the headless corpse of our dear brother's almost bride.

Oh God.

Right against the wall.

It's all splattered.

Wait a minute here.

Oh God.

Wait a minute now.

That went south.

It sure did.

But as I'm examining this goo that used to be Marinka.

I wouldn't say a beautiful Russian woman, but certainly a striking woman.

What's this right here?

Look at all of these wires and microchips.

What?

She was a robot.

She was a goddamn robot.

I knew it.

Ah, there was something fishy-wishy-smishy.

The Russians, they sent us some dishy.

Wait, they sent a robot to spy on us all?

Uh huh.

No, they tried to break up.

Oh, they're causing division.

That way they could own the whole franchise.

The Calvin's triplets franchise horse fighting internationally.

They're trying to break you guys up like NATO.

We don't go down that easy.

Oh.

And we foil the plot.

Much like the end of Watchmen, this has just made you grow stronger.

Yeah, that's right.

There's a movie called End of Watchmen?

You auditioned for that.

I did.

Oh, I never got to hear your Juice Box commercial audition, by the way.

We've got to get back to that at some point.

But this is incredible.

So the Russians tried to break up the Calvin's triplets, tried to split you asunder, but that could never happen to these three fine horse fighting honey farming brother loving gentlemen.

And without Trimax splitting her head like a coconut, we never would have known that she was all wires and microchips.

So many microchips.

More microchips than really, I think, are necessary in a robot.

Very complicated.

She looks like she was all microchips.

She looks like she was basically like a hull of human flesh, some wires built into the walls, then just stuffed with microchips.

Just like a burlap sack full of microchips.

A pinata of microchips.

Tossed together microchips in a couple of wires.

Oh my goodness.

Well, I suppose there's only one thing to do.

What's that?

Back to the Caribbean, back to pirating, raise a few gazillion dollars to pay off Scotley, burn down some yachts, sail right over to Russia and take out our vengeance on our distrustful business partners.

Right, the oligarchs.

I think it's a play.

Oh, that.

Yes.

Oh yeah.

Nice.

There we go.

Hey, just because you didn't get married doesn't mean that we can't have a party, right?

Hey, who wants some punch?

Let's dance.

Let's all bat dance, Chico.

First on the floor.

Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.

Look at those moves.

Get a load of my moves.

And those are the lines to the juice box commercial.

Those were the lines to the juice box commercial.

The juice box commercial.

I thought you said jukebox commercial.

I did.

Because that would have made more sense with the...

I did say jukebox.

Okay, well I want to hear the juice box commercial.

All right, all right, all right.

That was fun to dance.

Thank you so much for queuing that up.

But before we go, I need to hear this juice box commercial.

All right, let me get on your shoulders now.

Get on up there.

And if you could just put that trench coat over.

Make sure all the semen covers my face.

And cover it up.

And, Scott Lee, when you're ready, give us an action.

And also a rolling and speeding.

Sound speed, rolling, action.

Okay.

Line.

You say, Mom, I'm thirsty.

Hold on now.

I think we got that covered.

Thank you, Bisbee.

Okay, put himself back in the trench coat.

That is, of course, Bisbee's.

Sorry about that.

I'm still...

Bevers is the one.

Bevers!

Bevers.

Are you talking to yourself again?

You better get this audition right for Scott Lee, your friend, who you owe a ton of money to.

It's all he's ever asked for himself.

Here we go.

Take two.

Rolling, sound speed, action.

Line.

It's hot today.

That's true.

Well, I got the burgers, but what's going to go with them?

Hi, my name's Thomas.

And when I sit down for a delicious, juicy burger...

There's only one liquid that can pass through my lips.

What can I get for you, Thomas?

Line.

Hey there, Giardo.

How's the store?

No business today, but that's alright.

Line.

I'm sorry.

I'm sorry to hear that.

Sorry to hear that.

You don't really care.

You're here for the food and the drink.

How long is this commercial?

It seems like one of those Super Bowl...

It's a half hour infomercial.

Oh, it is.

No wonder you have so much time to luxuriate in the storyline of this.

Well, Giardo, I will take a six-pack of your finest Mott's apple grape juice.

I'll take a six-pack of your finest Mott's apple grape juice boxes.

You got it.

Coming right up.

On ice or warm?

Ice, ya dolt.

Ha ha ha ha ha ha.

Ha ha.

You get me every time with that one.

Candy with it or no?

Ha ha ha ha ha.

Line.

Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha.

Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha.

Sure do.

Give me...

Give me a box of hot tamales.

Oh, Thursdays are always spicy.

Line.

Guys, guys, guys.

This is a juice box commercial?

Yes.

Because it suddenly turns into a hot tamales commercial.

They said Mott's apple juice first, Scott.

It's a crossover.

Cross-marketing.

Synergy.

What goes better with a juice box?

Brand synergy.

Synergy.

In good company.

Synergy is one of your horses, right?

That's right.

So is good company.

So is Scottley.

Who won?

So is hot tamales.

Oh my God, and who won?

So is Marinka.

And so is Mott's.

Great for apples.

Juice box.

Wow, and who's the winner out of all of those?

Like in a fight?

Yeah.

That's what you guys do, right?

Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.

Well, but I didn't know if you meant softball or in a fight.

Oh, that's right.

I forgot about it.

Oh, yeah.

We've almost done the full softball.

Nine players.

Cinnamon.

Cinnamon, definitely.

Yeah, cinnamon is great.

And when cinnamon is out of the stable...

Well, you know what they say.

When cinnamon gets out of the stable...

Five percent.

Ten percent.

Trouble's coming.

Five percent.

You can look over at the horizon and see where cinnamon's heading, but you'll never really know.

Ten percent.

Until you get to the down's town.

Okay, we don't have time for this.

We're running out of time on the show.

Just cut to the last five percent.

Yeah, the last five, please.

Because, so your only hope is that.

Is that?

That's how it ends?

Well, I...

Sort of like 65 to 85 percent is where the real meat of it is.

Yeah, okay.

I got it.

Out of context, it doesn't make any sense.

Well, speaking of 85, we're 85 percent of the way out of this show and the only thing left to do on it is called Plugs.

Let's do it.

Oh, what a bag.

It's time to open it.

It's time to open the bag.

Oh, yeah.

It's time to open the bag.

Oh, wow.

That's, uh, that's pretty good.

That was a play on our closing up the plug bag theme.

Baggage time, parentheses, pre-prize by the human neighbor.

Thanks to the human neighbor for that wonderful plug bag theme.

And guys, what do we plug in?

I mean, obviously you guys came out here plugging your new Russian development, which now who knows if it's going to happen because you need to go out there and enact vengeance upon the oligarchs who sent the robots to spy upon you.

So anything else to plug?

Um, yeah, we got a new line of condiments.

You gotta laugh ketchup.

You'll laugh.

Right.

Okay.

What is, how is it different than other ketchups?

Well, it's a Calvin's family recipe.

So there's an enormous amount of honey in it.

That's actually honey ketchup sounds kind of good.

The nicest thing that people are saying about it is that it's too sweet ketchup.

That's the nicest.

Oh, yeah.

People have not been kind to the, you gotta laugh ketchup.

And you know what, when you've invested a good size portion of your families, how much, how much have you invested in this ballpark?

So like as much as a ballpark would cost ballpark by $200 million.

But you got naming rights.

So that's good.

That's right.

Yep.

And you know, when people almost immediately call it an utter failure, they complain because it is technically not ketchup.

No, it's honey with like chunks of tomato floating in it.

It's technically not even ketchup.

That's right.

Yeah.

It sounds disgusting.

It sounds more like a honey product.

Oh, right.

Than a ketchup I would imagine.

But first you said you liked it.

Well, I mean, change your tune to, well, you know, to tell you the truth, dipping fries and honey doesn't sound too bad, but then you had chunks of tomato in it.

Are there any other ingredients or.

There is a fair amount of corn syrup as well.

Why do you need that?

And cane sugar, evaporated cane juice, molasses, raw turbinado sugar.

Every bottle has 150 hot tamales in it.

And a good amount of sucrose.

No mozz.

But each ketchup bottle does come with a little mozz straw taped to the side in case you don't, you know, have a burger on you.

You want to slope that thing right up.

Sure.

And how many people use that straw?

Very few.

Yeah.

That's a waste of resources.

I'll go ahead and say none.

Okay.

There's also a lot of saccharine.

Sure.

It might be a failure.

It sounds disgusting, but you're here to promote it.

But it could not be in time.

Sure.

And no matter what, Scotley, you gotta laugh.

You do gotta laugh.

You gotta laugh.

You do gotta laugh.

All right.

Let's close up the old plug bag.

Whoa, what a bag, it's time to open it.

It's time to open it.

Whoa, what a bag, it's time to open it.

It's time to open the bag.

Open the bag.

All right, guys.

Well, this has been quite a roller coaster for me.

It's been an interview for me.

Right.

Well, I guess I was using a metaphor.

Ah, I was quite literal.

Yeah, very literal.

You ever have roller coasters on your farm there?

Yes, we do.

That would attract some kids.

Yes, we do.

We're building right now.

We've invited you every time.

We gotta have you onto the range now.

I gotta come by at some point.

Are these Star Wars-themed roller coasters?

Some of them.

Yes, they are.

Most of them.

And we're expecting the cease and desist in three, two, I bet it's in our mailbox.

Hello.

Yep.

Yeah, so do you mind, Petunia, do you mind opening the door?

Yeah.

Oh, that guy looks like a lawyer.

Oh, hello there, sir.

Step in.

I'm having a hard time hearing you from the hallway.

Excuse me.

I'm from the Star Wars franchise over at Disney.

You might have heard of us.

Yeah, what's your name?

My name is Daniel Sinson.

Say hello, Mr. Sinson.

Sinson.

How?

Sinson.

And we are immediately placing a cease and desist on the roller coasters at your farm.

Danny boy, now you don't wanna go ahead and do that.

Well, I think, what is this horse?

It's you.

That's Petunia.

The one behind him with the paws.

Yeah, that's Trimax.

You don't wanna get too close to Trimax.

Hey, horse, why don't you back up.

What the hell is he?

Oh my God.

Oh, I'm covered in blood all over my underboob.

And defecant because the sound of when his head hit was followed a few beats after by the sound of his body defecating itself.

Oh, that happens.

That happens.

But let me say, Christ is averted.

Christ is averted.

Yeah, Trimax.

In a situation like this, I mean, there's only one thing you can do, right?

You gotta laugh.

All right, we'll see you next time.

Thanks, bye.

Earwolff.

This has been an Earwolff production.

Executive produced by Scott Ockerman, Chris Bannon, and Colin Anderson.

For more information and content, visit Earwolff.com.
