♪♪♪♪♪ Welcome back to Comedy Bang Bang with your host Scott Awkwardman.

I'm Forsythia.

Forsythia!

And you'll hear me every night on Nightscapes on the Inland Empire's number one station for smooth jazz and dedications.

103.9 WIND.

The wind.

Again, I'm Forsythia.

Forsythia!

Your guide through the darkness and terror that is the night.

Let these healing songs and comedy bits protect you from the demons of loneliness, shattered dreams, and self-loathing.

Welcome, Scott.

Hi, uh, hi, Forsythia!

Hey!

Yes.

How are you?

I've just been in here, um, I got kicked out of my own studio, so I was borrowing your studio.

I hope that's okay.

Oh, that's okay, you're actually borrowing my show as well, not just the studio.

Oh, woops.

Uh, you got kicked, sorry everyone, welcome to the show.

Can I do my catchphrase before we talk?

Oh, you could, this is your show, I didn't mean to interrupt or take over.

You started it, actually, you didn't necessarily interrupt.

You were just late, so.

Yeah, I was, sorry, here we go.

A mime screams crime scheme or a creamy meme, the answer tonight at 10.

Okay, thanks to Maddie Walks for that.

What did you think of that, Forsythia?

I didn't understand it.

Yeah, neither did I.

But it's just a bunch of random words that rhyme, so I thought it was pretty good.

You read it so fast as well.

Do you want me to go a little bit slower?

Yes, please.

A mime screams crime scheme or a creamy meme, the answer tonight at 10.

A meme is something to do with the internet, is that correct?

I believe it is, yes.

Now, do you, uh, by the way everyone, this is Forsythia.

Yes.

She is the host of, uh, what is the name of your program?

Nightscapes.

Nightscapes on The Wind.

Uh, yes, W-I-N-D, The Wind.

The Wind, yes.

Thank you for pronouncing it correctly.

A lot of people think it's The Wind.

But it's not, it's Gone With The Wind.

It's, okay, now I thought it was, it was wind as in winding a clock, but it's actually wind as in Gone With The Wind?

Exactly.

You've got it.

Okay.

Well, now you haven't been on the show for...

Many years.

Seven years, I believe.

Several years.

So...

I don't know if it's seven or several.

Yeah, it could be, but whatever it is, it starts with S-E-V.

It feels good to be here, back with you.

S-E-V-E, actually.

That's true.

Just the R or the N that we change directions.

Isn't that the true way of life?

Not sure that was a joke.

Uh, welcome to the show, welcome back.

It's so good to see you.

Thank you so much.

I walked in, my theme song was playing.

Everyone knows who listens to this show, I don't greet my guests, I walk in straight from the stairs, I choose to take the stairs every single time, you know, get a little healthy.

Gotta get your reps.

Sure.

My reps and steps.

And I sit down immediately upon the theme song ending and I start the show.

Now, when I walked in, there you were and you were playing songs.

There I was.

And I was pretending to do my own wind chimes.

Isn't that lovely?

You really were.

Now, this is a song that's going to be going out to Timmy.

Timmy lost his legs in an accident last week and he needs a reason.

And who better to give him that reason than Hoobastank?

We don't have to listen to the whole thing, but just every once in a while I'm going to be diving into it.

How did he lose his legs?

Last week?

That's what the letter said.

Did he find them?

I don't, you know, that was a question I didn't ask.

I don't write back to these letters and I only have the details that are within the letters.

Right, yeah.

I did not give you any sort of information other than I lost my legs.

This is sad.

I lost my legs.

It's been a tough week.

Yeah, I get him.

Maybe one of the toughest for him.

Yeah.

And he needs a reason.

Maybe he's lost other things.

You know, it's like that Zen fable, right?

About the man who didn't want his...

The scorpion who attacks the bug?

Exactly.

That's what I was going to say.

You know it.

It's so good to be back here because we're so in sync.

It feels like we're finishing each other's sentences.

Period.

And I feel like we are being brought back together for a reason and I can't wait to find out what that reason is.

Thank you.

Question mark?

Huba Stank.

Huba Stank is that, that's probably the only Huba Stank song you play.

It's the only one I know.

I think they might have other hits.

I don't believe they're within the same genre.

Of what?

Of music.

Huba Stank?

Yeah, well I believe that...

The music that I play, other songs you mean?

Yes, I don't think that the rest of their oeuvre would fit into...

It's certainly not like favorites or love dedication, usually.

It's certainly not.

But I mean, listen, just listen for a minute because his voice, I think, tells a story.

I mean, wow, right?

He really wants that person to know something.

All right, Timmy.

I hope you're feeling the love.

If not your legs.

I'm certainly not feeling those.

Well, for Cynthia, it's so good to see you.

Thank you for, I guess, your co-hosting the show today with me because you got kicked out of your studio.

What exactly happened?

Yes, I have been borrowed, been coming, you know, we record the show from 12 to 4 and it's live.

And I got kicked out of my studio.

I hadn't been paying the rent, you know?

Oh.

And the rent is due every month.

Yeah, usually on the first.

Right.

This was the 12th because Sergei is a piece of shit.

But, yeah, I hadn't been paying it.

But it's every month.

I mean, does it matter if it's on the first or the 12th?

I was just, you know, details are storytelling.

Yeah.

So, Sergei, you hadn't been paying your rent.

Why?

Well, because we were lovers and he wasn't requesting it of me.

And then when the love, you know, making ended, he started demanding money again.

Can I ask, did you think that the lovemaking was proper payment for the studio?

Well, it was a sure nice bonus, right?

What, the studio or the lovemaking?

Both.

Okay.

I mean, some would say that if you were exchanging sex for goods and services that that's more of a...

Prostitution situation?

No, sex worker.

Sex worker.

Okay.

Is that illegal these days?

I don't know what time...

In Hollywood?

Yeah, I don't know what time it has been legal in Hollywood.

Everybody that comes to Hollywood has a dream.

Yeah.

You had a dream.

Yes, I had a dream she would pay her rent.

Oh my...

Sergei?

Yes, why?

What are you doing here?

I'm here to tell my side of the story.

I did not invite you, nor did I give you my GPA.

I did not invite you.

GPS, whatever it is.

I know your GPA too.

It was a 2.4.

You did very badly in organic chemistry.

2.4?

Yeah, that is not good.

It was low.

I did finish my third year.

Yes, that's why you did not finish get your degree and make the money to pay me the rent.

Sorry, Sergei.

Hi, I'm Scott Aukerman.

I'm the host of Comedy Bang Bang.

Hey, I'm Sergei, landlord.

Landlord, yeah.

Slumlord?

It's not a slumlord.

Slum.

Oh, slumlord.

W-S-L-U-M.

Well, that's exactly how we pronounce it.

Slum.

So now you were having sexual relations with Forsythio?

She was my lover.

Yes.

She was my love.

Oh, you were in love with this woman?

Yes, I did a kid's song to her.

The kid's song?

I dedicate a song.

Oh, you dedicated a song?

To her, yes.

Which song?

This one.

Yes.

Oh.

I play, I send it to her via e-letter.

An e-mail, yeah.

She play it via e-letter, and she play it at night, and this brings tears to her eyes.

Okay, so you played it at night, so not during your shift.

Yes, and then I put myself inside of her.

Right, penis-wise.

Yes.

And also, he walked in my shoes.

I did.

I walk in her shoes.

I stuff my feet into her shoes.

Gigantic feet.

Like a big sausage inside of a little bugle chip.

Wow, okay, yeah.

He loves bugles.

And put them on each finger.

It's hilarious.

And then I scratch her back.

Oh, it feels good and smells good, too.

Why did you guys break up?

You have such chemistry.

Because she does not pay her rent.

Wait, so you did want her to pay the rent?

Of course.

Of course you should.

That's why you broke up with me?

Yes, this is why I break up with her.

You should pay the rent, Forsythia.

I'm calling bullshit on that, okay?

W-B-U-L-L-S-H-I-T-W bullshit.

Listen, life is a journey.

Yes.

It is not a destination.

I love the way you speak of these things.

I love how you talk.

Look, Forsythia, you have to pay the rent.

It can't be like some tying you to a train track situation, you know?

Well, I would pay the rent if I had any money.

What?

Where's your money going to?

I mean, you're a successful DJ.

We are, and that's actually why I had come on this program.

Too many people are listening to this radio station.

Yes.

Wait, to- Between 12 and- not this show.

The Wind.

This is just- Not too many people listen to this show.

I do not know this show.

This show that you're on?

It's comedy bang-bang.

Comedy bang-bang, yeah.

It's not on the radio.

It's never on the radio.

It's not on the radio.

Can I describe it for you?

People come on and do sometimes characteristic voices.

Big broad character.

I don't know why people would want to listen to this.

I don't know.

I don't get it.

But, so- Too many people were listening to- Too many people, I don't know how that translates into- Are currently listening between 12 and 4.

12 and 4 AM.

It's, in Trump's America, there is an increasing night shift.

What a country.

And we are overloaded with listeners and writer-inners.

And so I've come on because I need people to hold their roles.

Because I wasn't able to- Slow their roles.

I wasn't able to respond.

No, hold them.

You wanted them to literally just- I don't want them to slow it.

I want them to stop the role altogether.

What about slowing to a stop?

How would that be?

Exactly, sure.

You don't want them to just break abruptly.

Well, a liar.

You mean she needs a break.

Sometimes you got to- She needs no time to down.

Take a left turn.

Sergei?

Yes?

Don't tell me what to do.

I'm not.

I'm saying for your- You've been a wonderful father to Jeremy.

You guys have been inching closer and closer to each other this entire time.

Our son Jeremy is such a good boy.

You consider him to be your son?

Yes.

Is he literally your son?

Definitely not your son.

He's half black.

Hold on.

What is this?

Wait, how old is Jeremy?

Well, now he's 21.

So wait, were you having sex with her 22 years ago?

No.

Well then how could Jeremy be your son?

Because she tells me this.

Well, he thinks of you as a father because you've been there consistently and lovingly.

I am there for this child, but she says, here's Jeremy.

Here's your son, Sergei.

Okay, but the math doesn't make sense.

I don't listen to math.

I listen to things.

Jeremy is the opportune.

What was your GPA?

My GPA was that weird Cyrillic R.

Yes.

Did you name Jeremy after the recent Pearl Jam hit at the time?

You know, it might have subconsciously been in there.

I mean, I thought I named him after his father Jerome, but maybe.

You know, again, one letter differs and takes us down a different road, doesn't it?

Yeah, it really does.

Well, look, for Cynthia, you have to pay the rent.

I don't see how too many listeners would translate into you not having enough money to pay the rent.

She's backed up.

Always working.

Never time for Sergei.

That's true.

And you should have a lot of money if you're always working.

Well, I don't get paid for it though.

It's a passion project, YOLO, you know?

And I'm working all night and then I'm sleeping all day.

None of that gives me money.

So, you know, we had an arrangement.

You don't get paid to be on the radio.

Not anymore.

Nobody pays.

Do the people pay for this show?

Yes, it's for Bono.

No, it's free.

It's for Bono.

For Bono?

Yes.

No, no, that's my other show.

That's what I'm talking you two to me.

I thought she did that show for Bono.

Pro-Pono is I think what you're trying to say.

Oh, I thought you meant the YouTube.

Is that what you were referring to?

Yes.

I love YouTube.

I love that show.

I watch all my videos on YouTube.

Okay, I think we're back to diverging.

Look, for Cynthia, you can have today's show, but you're going to have to go back to your own station.

And Sergei, you know, cut her a little bit of a break.

I know she's four months behind, is that what you said?

She is four months behind.

I would give away the rent if she just would make eye contact with me and maybe we go to dinner.

We go to Shakey's for pizza.

What about Mojo potatoes?

I don't love these Mojo potatoes.

You got to have Mojo potatoes if you're at Shakey's.

I will go to Mojo's potatoes.

Listen, success is owned.

Okay, it's not rented.

This is why I love this woman with all my heart.

You do?

Well, I think you guys should, you have great chemistry.

You should get back together.

If you want to go on another date, you'll pay for it.

You know what the truth is, awkward man, is that with Sergei, I was too happy.

And my listeners, they call in in the darkest night of their soul.

And I was just beep booping around, just happy as a clown.

Oh, wow.

And I couldn't relate to their sadness anymore.

And I was just like, God damn it, Timmy, just get some new legs, you know?

Yeah.

And they were, they couldn't, they didn't care for it.

You need that pain in your life.

I do.

I need that loneliness, that dark night of the soul.

In the four months that you were together, you were too happy and that's why you weren't making money.

Oh, so you have to be apart in order to make money in order to pay the rent.

She does not understand this.

Art does not need to come from life.

I will be mean to you if you want.

Let's hear an example of that.

I will slice your throat out and eat it in front of you.

Whoa, whoa, whoa.

Okay, Sergei.

See now, in the Ukraine.

You need to stop your role right now.

Things really took a turn.

Okay.

In the Ukraine, things are different.

That's all I'm saying.

This is true.

I don't think they're that different.

They are differences.

Very different.

They are differences between the Ukraine and the US.

I don't think so.

What a country, sure.

What a country.

But I don't think that.

I say this because I live, I'm from Russia, but I go to the Ukraine.

I go, what a country, the Ukraine.

You're from Russia?

Yes, but I dedicate this song to the Ukraine.

Oh, okay.

What is this song?

This is Taylor Danes' Love Will Lead You Back.

Yes, this is about Crimea.

Okay, all right.

All right, guys, look.

Look, we need to get to our first guest, Forsythia.

We can't, we can tarry no longer.

I'll be outside in my car.

You come find me.

Let's make love.

See if you can find Jeremy.

He went into the 99 cent store four hours ago.

Okay, I will go to this 99 cent store and find him.

How much money did he have on him?

Oh, 98 cents.

Okay, it's taken him a while to find that perfect thing.

Oh, no.

All right.

Awkward, man.

All right, we need to get to our first guest, Forsythia, and hopefully you can help me introduce some of these people with some of your trademark soft rock hits.

You got it.

He is the writer and creator, perhaps co-creator and co-writer of the television show Big Mouth, which is on Netflix season two coming out October 5th this Friday.

What a wonderful show it is.

Old friend to the show.

Please welcome Nick Kroll.

Hey, guys.

Hey, Nick.

Thank you so much for having me.

So good to see you.

Wow, that's exactly the song I would have asked for.

Thank you.

What is the title of this again?

This is called Cool Night by Paul Davis.

Yes, that's how honestly, when I'm feeling my best, when I am out, out hitting the town, doing press.

Doing press at night?

Doing press at night.

Okay.

I am listening to Cool Night.

A lot of midnight junkets.

Yeah, a lot of those night time junkets.

That's not a bad song title, Midnight Junket.

I've done every show, movie, anything I've ever done to promote, I have always come to Forsythia.

Oh, wow, okay.

That's right.

I always hit it up.

And you have always come here, and I appreciate that.

And I've always come to Comedy Bang Marine.

The fact that these two shows are coming together, my two favorite radio podcast personalities come together in one place, it makes me very, very happy.

This is like a super group. This is like The Firm or something like that.

Maybe we should take this on the road. Have you ever thought of that?

I have not, nor will I actually.

You will not think about it.

I will not even entertain a thought about it.

I'm going to pitch it.

Nick, so good to see you. Welcome back to the show.

Thank you for having me back here. It's very exciting to be back.

Yeah, Big Mouth season two. We talked about it last, when did season one come out?

It came out about a year ago.

About a year ago. That's funny how the time works.

Every year.

We come back.

It's season two, and everything has changed.

Really? What exactly has changed? The animation style? The actors?

We've gone from sort of a classic Sunday night Fox primetime look Simpsons Family Guy Bob's Burgers to now it is pure.

Nazi propaganda cartoons?

It's now, yes. It's sort of, we've gone with like prisoner outsider art.

Okay.

Still images drawn on what seemed to be like paper bags.

Okay, got it.

And just- With just chalk bits.

Chalk bits and then photos sort of taken of individual stills of those moments.

Okay, interesting style.

Put together into a story.

Yeah, and then sort of thrown into a paper bag and then- Jumbled around.

Jumbled around and then thrown back up in the air.

Yeah, okay.

So it might feel a little bit different.

A frustrating view for people.

Yes, exactly.

Still a comedy though.

In a manner of speaking, in that, you know how like terms of endearment has funny moments?

Right, right when she passes away.

Yes, exactly. Exactly. So it's sort of like that.

Okay, got it.

All of the characters that you know and love- One of the biggest laughs in the theater that I can recall.

Yes, we all saw that in the theater.

Yeah, we all saw that in the theater.

Yes.

So for, as far as Big Mouth goes, all the characters that you know and love- Gone.

Are dead.

They're dead. And do you explain how they died?

We do not.

We just open it up and all of a sudden it's Zach, Keith, the mooch, Lady Di and- Lady Di! She's alive in this. So it's kind of an equitable trade.

Yes. Well, you think it's going to be Lady Di as in the, it's not. It's a dog with rhinestones all over it.

Oh, a rhinestone's not a collar, but just rhinestones all over it.

Oh, I thought maybe it was a comment on the current state of the British royal family.

Meghan Markle.

Yes!

First, Cynthia, how do you feel about a Meghan Markle?

What do I feel about someone worming their way into one of the purest lines in history?

Okay.

Purest lines of what?

Go for it, girl.

Oh, okay.

I mean, everybody has a plan until they get punched in the face.

Yes. Have you ever- That's a great point.

So are you threatening the current, one of the princesses of the royal family?

I had an exclusive interview with Meghan's dad.

Oh, he seems like a wonderful guy.

Here's a real red line.

He seems like a handful.

And she seems like two handfuls.

Apparently when they named her Meghan, they called her Meghan.

And she's really turned it around.

Really? At what point did she want to be called Meghan?

I don't know. Sometime in her preteen years, I guess.

Oh.

In her preteen years.

That's what Big Mouth is about.

Oh, okay.

Ding, ding.

So she could relate to this.

She might be able to relate to this.

And it is because it's at that age you start to change your name, you start to create your identity, who you are as a person.

Is the show meant exclusively for her?

Yes.

Wouldn't that be amazing?

It's a cartoon. The audience is specifically actresses who are married into the royal family with true monster liar fathers.

I've always thought that it doesn't matter how many viewers you have.

If you just have one viewer and they're rich and they pay millions and millions of dollars to watch it, then you're good.

That's what Netflix traffics in, I think.

Uh-huh.

Right?

Yes.

Netflix and Meghan.

Getting that specific demo.

Our demo is the Meghan Markle demo.

A niche market.

Yes.

In my opinion, Netflix should not be one price for everyone.

It should be a percentage of how much money you make.

That would be interesting. It's like a tithe.

It's really like one, you get, it's one tenth of what you get. That would be amazing.

Or like what they do for social workers, you know?

Yes.

It's a sliding scale.

Is it?

It should be.

I like that. I would propose that. Next time I'm at Netflix, should I propose that?

Yes, please. Yeah.

They are, they have over 130 million subscribers worldwide.

Incredible. Congratulations.

Congratulations to Netflix.

Wow.

And how many Big Mouth brought right on there?

And I'd say there's at least a hundred people who are specifically there to watch, to watch Big Mouth.

Do you think anyone signed up to watch Big Mouth or do you think it's just people are like, all right, I won't cancel because of Big Mouth?

That's what we're hoping for.

Or, or just, I'm not going to cancel either way. Oh, here's Big Mouth.

Yes. That's the hope is that we sort of surf through that we, we ride the wave of indifference into season two.

And I think we've successfully done that.

Tell us about this show. This is about, this is autobiographical of sorts about the issues you had with your penis when you were 12 or 13.

And that I continue to have to this day. It's the story of the founding of America, of our country.

Oh wow. So it's the founding fathers.

We do it with hip hop.

Okay, great.

And so it's sort of hip hop.

Non-traditional casting, I would hope.

Non-traditional casting.

A lot of chairs being lifted over your head.

A lot of chairs being lifted over our heads.

Well, yeah, when you only have one stage in a bunch of chairs, you got to lift them.

That's right. So it's sort of like, that's, we will see if it works. I don't know if it's going to work.

Yeah, I doubt it will.

But yeah, so it's, it is, it is autobiographical. It's based on me and my best friend from childhood, Andrew Goldberg.

We went to elementary school together. Yes. Thank you for Cynthia. Well, for, for on behalf of Andrew.

What do you like about the name?

Gold? Are you kidding me?

What do you think about Berg?

Well, but lead with gold and the rest is silver.

Sure. You just tune out after that. Yeah.

That's kind of like the Olympics.

How, yeah. How many posters do you have? How many inspirational posters do you have in your home at any given moment?

I have been layering on top. So every time I see, if I go into a Spencer's and I just see or a Claire's when they went bankrupt, they had a whole, a whole mess of posters that I got for, you know, cents on the dollar.

And I just poster my walls. And then when I see a new one, I put it up and I'm probably doubled up some. Sure. Right.

At any point do you sort of peel the wallpaper back to look at old ones?

You know what? I just feel like that way, if I'm having a hard day, I can go in and just bash about. And it's a real soft place to lay out.

You must pay back for everything that you have done to my walls.

Okay. Come on.

It's just double stick tape.

It's bad you have punch in that you come home angry and you punch.

Wait, so wait, you're, you're, you're, you're renting to her the apartment and the studio?

Yes.

I live in it. It's an upstairs, downstairs situation.

Yes.

How many floors is this though?

Four.

Four floors. Four on the floor I see.

Why?

Because it's also a car.

It's great. It's a car as well.

It's a trailer.

Yes.

Oh no. A four story trailer.

With an edit bay on the top.

With an edit bay.

And it's, and I, and I've, and you can feel when you listen to the show, you can hear.

I'm driving around.

Yeah. You can hear it.

Oh yeah.

And that's what I think makes the show work so well, personally speaking.

And it makes it hard to book, to get there for press cause you don't know where she is in the city.

It's like a food truck. I'll tweet about it sometimes.

And you're driving fast, right? I mean, you're like 85 down the freeway.

Yes, I'm driving as I record. Exactly.

And also sometimes like for ambiance, I'll open up the windows so you could hear the cries of Skid Row or you know, wherever I am.

But never the band Skid Row. You refuse to play any of Sebastian.

Fuck those dudes.

And to get onto the trailer, you have to do sort of a Keanu Reeves and speed, like step onto it.

So the other car has to be going 85.

Oh, he didn't leap. He just stepped right on it. It was bad ass.

I offer her to hoist. I will try to hoist her up. She will not accept from me.

So wait a minute. This is just a trailer and you're charging rent. How much rent is she paying for a trailer?

This is $500 a month.

$500 a month? It seems to be like, you know.

This is very reasonable.

I thought you were going to say $500 a woman.

Yes, I wish. I wish she would bring me one woman a week.

One woman a week.

I am enough of a woman for you, sir.

You have not been with me for seven weeks.

You haven't had sexual relations with your loved one?

Well, no. He kicked me out.

I kicked you out one week ago, though.

What happened those six weeks?

Period.

I'm supposed to say that.

She says she has the heaviest of flow.

And I think she's going to begin raping and then she never does.

Begin raping?

Rapping.

Oh, like Hamilton.

She says I have heavy flow and I was ready for her to do rap about the fainting of the U.S.

I don't know. It's menopause or something.

Well, wait, you have menopause? How old of a woman are you?

Old enough.

For what?

Menopause.

Oh, okay.

You know.

Got it.

So you think that you're drying up? Is that what happens in menopause?

No, this is not what happens. They are all hot flashes.

Hot flashes, but you're still...

Yes.

Lots of things happen.

It's that part of your, you know, reproduction. It's all shutting down.

Just closing for business.

That's right.

Well, but some would argue it's just a change in the business. It's not a closing of business.

It's just a change. And these are the kind of things that we deal with on Big Mouth.

Oh, okay. Is it like Kentucky Fried Chicken calling themselves KFC now?

Yes. And also like the movie Kentucky Fried Movie.

Oh, okay. Great.

And Catholic High School Girls in Trouble.

So, bye, Sergei.

I will. I am waiting in the car for your love.

Please.

So...

I'm so sorry.

That's quite all right. So, Nick, this show is about Andrew Goldberg and you, your childhood growing up.

Yes. We're going through puberty and dealing with everything that's happening. Andrew...

And every episode is one new pubic hair grows.

Well, interestingly, my character, Andrew hit puberty very young, very hard.

How old were you?

I don't know. He was probably...

Eight?

He was probably... Honestly, if you knew him at that age, you'd guess around eight.

But he could grow like a full beard by seventh, eighth grade.

Wow.

And so, for example, in the beginning of season two, this really happened to him.

When he was in like sixth or seventh grade, he had a mustache and his father made his mother wax his upper lip.

Wow.

And he waxed her... They waxed his lip and then for years, he could grow no facial hair.

From one waxing?

From one waxing because it was like the first group of hairs, so it like really dug out the roots.

And it's those little baby hairs too. That really hurts.

So Andrew could grow a full beard and nothing, except for years, nothing on his upper lip and we would call it as reverse Hitler.

And I was...

And how... Were his policies sort of a reverse Hitler as well?

Yes. He was deeply inclusionary.

Okay, great.

And nobody would be burned. That was his specifics.

Very specific.

Nobody will be burned a lot.

When he ran for student body president.

Yes, exactly.

Okay.

And I was incredibly late bloomer. I didn't grow pubic hair until probably into high school.

And I remember naming my first pubic hairs.

And what was that name?

One and two.

One.

One and two.

And two.

And so season two begins...

You could have taken off your pubic hair and given it to his upper lip.

Honestly, I would have done it in a heartbeat. That's how close friends we were.

Wow, that's incredible.

And the pubic hairs, by the way, were voiced by Jack McBrayer and Craig Robinson.

Oh, okay.

Very similar types.

If you haven't seen the show yet, a lot of times things come to life.

Yes.

The... What's the monster called?

The hormone monster.

Ah, the hormone monster, yes.

Yes. Maury, the hormone monster.

And also Maya plays the...

Maya Rudolph plays Connie, the hormone monstrous.

Right, yes. So it's a... I don't know what other word to use to describe it, but it's wacky.

It is wacky. That's fair. Thank you, Scott.

No problem. No problem.

That is fair. That is fair.

Let's address the fact that there are two cops on the show.

Okay. Oh, okay. Yes.

I believe Paula Tompkins and I brought this up during our Best ofs.

Yes.

People... The minute Big Mouth season one was released, people started tweeting screen caps of these two cops.

These two cop characters to us saying, look at this, Nick Kroll put you on the show and didn't even let you do the voices.

Yes. And I was like... And I heard about this and I listened to the show.

And obviously I listen to the show every week.

Obviously you listen every week.

Every week.

And so they were like... And we heard like, oh, Scott and Paul were like, why are we not on the show?

But there are... And I was like, that's crazy.

And then I looked at the characters and I was like, oh, that does look a lot like that.

It seemed to me like the designer of the characters was having a little fun.

Well, that's what... It would make sense. And then I remembered the various meetings we had for character designs.

There are these two cops and the character design inspirations were David Caruso and Dennis Farina.

Right.

From like more of the NYPD blue Law and Order era of those guys.

Honored to be considered to be a Caruso type, I guess?

You are a Caruso type.

He was very intense during Jade and Kiss of Death.

Boy, what do you think Caruso's doing day to day at this point?

I really don't know.

Because he was like the hottest thing in America.

He really was. He wasn't that dude.

The other dude was the one who had to take his morning dump before he came to set.

Really?

Someone was tweeting about that.

About Paul Scheer maybe about the guy from Murder and the First who was an hour late to set every single day.

And when confronted about it saying he had to be on time, he said, no, I have to take my morning dump.

Is that why you were late?

Honestly, it may have played into it.

I mean, you know, who can really ration out the time accurately when it comes to that?

Well, you have to let that take its time. That's for sure.

So now what I like about you though, Nick, is you followed up immediately.

You apologized and then did not offer us roles on the show.

That is correct. That is correct.

So thank you very much.

My pleasure. But as long as I can just offer that up as a sick apology.

Sure. Okay.

What are you going to do?

Okay. Big Mouth season two comes out this Friday, October 5th.

It drops.

It totally drops. Actually, October 4th at midnight.

So, you know, check that out.

You'll have to wait till 4 a.m.

Yes.

Because you'll be listening to Forsythia.

Yeah, that is the truth.

So October 5th at 4 a.m.

That's if you all be back on there.

Sergei!

I'm coming back. I was listening in my car.

Come hell or high water, I will find a studio to record my show.

Not this one.

It will not be this one, but it will be somewhere.

There is a four story trailer that you can record every name of your show's on.

Are you going to let me stay there for free?

Are you going to let me inside of you?

Oh my God.

Well, you guys are at an impasse. Neither of you is answered.

I love this song so much. I love you with all my heart.

It's just crowd noise at this point. How do you know it?

This is my heart cheering for Forsythia.

There it is.

It's just a live version of Shania Twain. Don't worry about it.

That's a lot of people.

Looks like we made it.

She sells out arenas.

Yeah. Yeah.

I love this song.

Guys, we need to go to a break when we come back.

Forsythia, you'll still be here, I assume.

Where else am I going to go?

Sergei, please leave and...

I will be gone!

Nick, you can stick around, right?

I'd love to.

Okay, we'll be right back with more Comedy Bang Bang after this.

Welcome back from the movie An American Tale, I believe.

That's right.

James Ingram and Linda Ronstadt at their most purest.

You keep saying purest as in Bloodline? What are you trying to say?

No, their voices are the most pure and sweet that they've ever been.

Okay.

Singing a song of lost love, of being separated from the people that give your life meaning, and trying to find them again and knowing that you will be reconnected. Right?

And who do you dedicate this to?

To Timmy.

Timmy still? Wow! Timmy's getting two.

He's lost his legs.

So one for each leg.

I don't know why they're on it.

Timmy?

Yeah.

Oh my god, a little boy just crawled in here.

Yeah.

Welcome.

Can't find my wife.

I didn't know you were joining us today, but I'm so glad I could give you this live dedication.

It means so much to me.

Timmy, you have such a deep voice. How old are you?

I'm 19 years old.

Oh, okay. I think you can still be a Timmy at 19.

21 though, you gotta be Tim.

I got two years to go.

Why does he have to change himself for society?

I just, I mean you can still be Timmy, I guess, if you want to be made fun of.

I was going to put a beeper on my legs so I could, you know, like keys to a car.

I'm having a hard time understanding you, Timmy.

Did you lose your throat too somehow?

He's on paid radio now.

Did you swallow your leg?

I wanted to put one of those keys on my legs so that I could push the button.

I'd know where my legs are, but I lost them.

You wanted to put a key on your legs to push a button to know where your legs are?

Like a low jack on your legs?

I wanted to do a low jack on my legs.

Oh, okay. Before the accident?

Yeah.

Well, but you didn't, so now you don't know where they are.

I don't know where the legs were right now.

All right, Timmy, look, we're in the middle of a show.

I appreciate you coming by.

Get out of here if you want.

You can stay. You can leave. I don't know.

Can I quickly describe the legs?

Yeah, sure.

Oh, for our listeners?

The two white legs.

Okay, human?

Human legs.

19-year-old legs.

19-year-old human legs.

Okay.

They got hair on them up until the ankle.

Like hair like your hair on top of your head, that dark curly black hair?

Not quite as long. Much shorter.

Okay.

Right, so the hair on your head is quite long.

I got Nike high tops.

Oh, okay. Yeah, you're not burning those?

What a moment to be Nike.

I don't understand.

Right, you've been in the hospital, so you didn't know about Nike's new campaign.

For one week.

I left the hospital because I'm trying to find these legs.

Yeah, I mean, look, he's only been in the hospital for a week.

This happened a month ago.

I lost the legs ago.

Okay.

Okay, now the red Nikes.

Red Nikes. Any socks on these?

Yeah, I got high maroon.

How high?

High maroon socks.

How high are we talking?

Up to the knee.

All the way up to the knee.

And if we look at the rings in the legs.

It's 19?

Yeah, if you chopped up on the legs.

We'd have to chop them open.

Wait.

Don't chop them open.

Why would we have to chop them up?

I don't know.

You were talking about rings in the legs, like trees, right?

Yeah, but I think they were already chopped off you.

What were they chopped with?

What kind of knife mark are we looking for?

No knife mark.

I was driving my motorcycle.

Okay.

And I got zoomed.

I got hit real hard.

Okay.

Knocked the legs right off.

From both sides?

Yeah.

So you just knocked them off?

Almost like a Ken doll.

Just knocked them out of joint and just popped off?

Kind of like that.

Were they real legs?

I sure think so.

Okay.

Wow.

But you don't know.

I don't know.

I mean, you never asked your parents these kind of things.

Do you know if your legs are real legs?

I don't know.

I would assume they are.

I guess.

So.

All right, Timmy.

So anyway, that's me.

That's you in a nutshell.

That's me.

Thank you so much.

See the legs.

Return them to the Sea to Sinai.

I'll be over at the Sea to Sinai.

I'll be at the Sea to Sinai.

Okay, great.

You know, awkward money.

It's not the number of breaths we take, but the number of moments that take our breath away.

Oh my gosh.

How many breaths per minute would you say you take?

Because you've been panting very heavily during the show.

Off mic.

It's very hot in here.

It's not really.

It's about 68 degrees in here.

Well, that's hot for me.

I feel like you must run hot.

Yes I do.

And you've got these straps.

Hot flashes.

Got these straps below my arms so someone could lower me out the window.

Oh yeah, no problem.

I can say the elevator's out.

I don't want to walk down the stairs.

Okay, yeah, no problem.

Here, let me grab.

Okay, here we go.

Oh God!

Oh!

Oh my God, your arms!

Oh no, my arms!

I lost my arms!

They're scampering away!

My arms are gone!

Oh my God.

You're just a torso.

I'm so sorry, Timmy.

Sorry, Timmy.

It's alright if anybody sees the arms.

I got a Casio watch on one of them.

Okay.

A baseball mitt on the other.

Yeah, I was wondering about that.

Were you just in a game?

I was in a dodging game.

Alright, see you Timmy.

Alright, we need to get to our next guest.

Sorry, I just wanted to play this song.

No, this is a good intro actually to our next guest.

He is a Machiavellian super villain of note.

You may recall his appearances in a few of the Batman films.

Please welcome to the show, Bane.

Hello, Scott.

Hello.

Thank you for having me.

Oh, hi Bane.

Hi.

It's great to meet you.

You haven't been on the show before.

I've never been on the show.

It's a pleasure to be here, Scott.

Thank you very much.

It's nice to meet you.

You are huge.

You are jacked.

Yes, it's a small studio.

Yeah, I know.

Tiny chairs.

You're taking up 90% of it.

It's pretty unthoughtful of you.

Oh, so sorry.

I didn't know who was going to be on the show, so I...

Okay.

Hi, Bane.

Hello.

I'm Nick.

It's nice to meet you.

Try to angle that whatever you're talking into a little more towards the mic if you could.

It's nice to meet you.

It's nice to meet you too.

I'm a big fan.

I'm a big fan of you.

You're a very funny comedian.

Thanks.

You like Big Mouth?

You and Megan Markle.

Yes, I like Big Mouth.

You're a really evil bad guy.

Well, not anymore, Nick.

Oh, really?

Yes, I'm also trying my hand at comedy.

At comedy?

Yes.

Okay.

I've stopped doing the villain thing.

I kept getting caught by Batman.

Truthfully, I've always been a funny guy.

Yeah, well, you would break his back and then he would capture you.

Exactly.

Yeah, and the cycle just continued on and on and on.

Were you ever in that deep endless cavern pit prison?

I was.

Yes.

I was a child.

I killed many people, but now I kill on stage.

That's ironic.

Even the darkest soul can turn and swipe around.

I guess I will always be a killer, but I'm, yes.

But now a killer on stage.

Are you getting up a lot?

Are you getting a lot of spots?

Open mic stuff.

I truthfully am here to test out some of my material.

I have to say, you've hurt so many people out there in the world.

I can only imagine you coming on stage to do 15 minutes when the audience doesn't expect it and just sort of forcing your comedy upon people.

It's really...

It doesn't feel right.

I don't know.

I've read a think piece or two about this kind of thing.

Yes, yes.

Well, it's sort of an apology tour I'll be doing first.

Yes, I mean, 15 minutes is a lot of material.

I barely have a minute or two.

Oh, really?

Yes.

Well, could you do any of your sound?

I'd love to.

I'd love to see what you, since you're established comedians, I'd love to.

I'd love to hear it.

I'd love to laugh.

All right, here.

This is all work.

I'm workshopping all of this.

You have notes.

I have notes.

Yes, I do.

Can I just make it quick before you start, Ben?

Can I make a suggestion?

Sure.

You don't have to apologize.

Just come out strong.

It's like they would tell us when you audition with a song in a musical.

If the piano player fucks up, you don't glare at them like, this guy fucked up.

You just sing whatever you're going to sing, they'll catch up.

Like when you're pushing your thumbs into someone's eyes, you want to follow through.

Don't leave the eyeball halfway out.

I hear you.

Kill them instantly.

Okay.

You sort of understand.

Why does Kaka always come after Pee-pee?

Why can't you make Kaka alone?

It's the bane of my existence.

Oh, no.

Okay.

It's the bane of my existence.

The repeating of the punchline is always solid.

That you can't take a dump without peeing as well.

Without peeing.

Do you want to keep your penis out of the toilet?

I just wonder why we can't make individual excrement.

Sure, but why would you want to?

Why together?

Just why?

Though I've noticed.

Why does rice always come?

Right into the next one.

Why does rice always come in small form?

Why can't, why, who wants tiny pellets of rice?

Why can't you have one large loaf of rice?

That's the bane of my existence.

Okay.

All right.

Well, I mean, okay.

Okay.

You want to continue or do you want notes after?

Do you want notes?

Go ahead.

I'd love to hear any constructive criticism.

Well, I don't, that one was so funny.

I don't think you need to include that that was the bane.

That's the bane of my existence.

Can I ask a question?

Yes.

Do you feel like that's your catch phrase?

Oh, did you notice?

A little bit, yes.

I feel like I need a hook of some sort.

Well, maybe you don't though.

Maybe you don't need that hook.

You have a hook.

You're a former super villain.

Can I just make a suggestion also?

Like what people are looking for.

I think is a point of view.

Yes.

And so, and, and it seems to me like your, the point of view you have is on sort of mundane moment to moment thing.

Yeah, but you've experienced a life that none of us have experienced.

We would love to hear jokes about that.

I want to leave that behind.

Have you seen Nanette?

I mean, that took it a whole different direction, right?

It's comedy, it's drama, it's truth.

I think if you stood in your own truth, people would be terrified.

Let me give a shot.

Okay.

Yeah.

Let's hear another joke.

Why is soda so good when we go to the movies, but so bad when we make it at home?

It's okay.

It's the pain.

Okay, right, right, right.

It's the pain of your existence.

All right, so can I ask a question?

So you're making soda at home?

I'm making Dr. Pepper at home.

That's the problem.

What do you use for it?

Raisins.

Raisins?

I'm pretty sure it's the secret ingredient.

Yeah, I can answer this.

You're not using the correct ingredients.

Just buy peppers.

To me, if you were saying, I'm Bane, I'm an evil genius, I'm making Dr. Pepper from doctors.

Oh, I like where this is going.

Forcing doctors to eat peppers.

I guess he's Mr. Freeze.

He never graduated.

And then I'm grinding them up into a drink.

Almost as if forsythia has the mind of an evil genius.

Wow.

So yeah, what if you were to go to the Dr. Pepper company and get the secret formula?

And then you could make your own if you really wanted to, or you could just buy it at the store.

It's approximately 30 cents a can.

Oh, but there's something so good about something homemade, Scott.

Yeah, I know in the cave you had to make- I had to make my own everything.

I had to make my own butter.

Butter, is that what you said?

Butter.

How did you make butter in the dark, deep depths of the cave?

Do you really want to know?

I do.

I guess so, yeah.

This is the kind of stuff we want to know.

That is actually the stuff that I made.

I'd rather be talking about how YouTube is getting so much harder to use.

Oh, okay.

There's no joke there.

It's just something I've noticed.

Not everything is going to be funny.

But in what way is it harder to use?

It's just so much more complicated.

The navigation?

Well- Because as far as I know, you just press play.

Well, you know how you have to search for something?

Yeah.

Sure.

What do you want to do?

Just yell at the screen and it just comes up?

It's just hard.

How did it used to be different?

You always had to search.

Well, before you had to click in the search bar.

And now?

And now, you have to- well, before you had to click in the search bar.

And now you have to click in the search bar and press the enter function.

Uh-huh.

To search.

Is that the- Bane, why don't you go to the YouTube offices and break in and change- And change it.

And force the- I think they're here.

Kidnap their family.

You know what else I want to change?

What?

Does anyone else think the numbers one through 10 are in the wrong order?

I don't know anyone who thinks- They never felt right to me.

What feels wrong?

I think the right order should be seven, three, two, ten, one, four, six, eight.

No nine?

Nine, five would be the- you would start with nine, five.

Oh.

Okay, start with nine.

That way, if you told the joke, why is six afraid of seven?

Because seven, eight, nine, it would be why is ten scared of one?

Because one, four, six.

That wouldn't make sense at all.

Now that's called- that's called- you're building up in comedy, you build up and then you keep- it's a connecting piece.

This is like Nanette.

This is almost like Nanette in that you're explaining how comedy works.

Yes.

Bain, your mouthpiece is filling with spit.

Is it?

Yes.

I apologize.

That's something I have to figure out when I'm on stage.

Why don't you do a joke about that?

Yeah, what about a joke about that?

Do you ever notice when your mouthpiece fills up with spit?

Scott, can I ask you a question?

Sure.

Why isn't it fish SNL?

Fish SNL?

What?

Would it be better like this?

Try to talk more in the mic.

Saturday Pike Live with Tuna Fey, Amy Fishing Polar, Gills Farrell, Gills Hartman, Nora Fann.

Fish like to have fun too.

Featuring Pike Myers, Dana Kirby, your host, Salmon L.

Jackson, written by Mackerel O'Donohue, and produced by Lorne Pichl.

You really are going back to the Pike well.

Your host, the bane of my existence.

You know, your voice is very resonant in that you could, you know, if they needed a new announcer, that would be an excellent gig for you.

Oh, the Pardo gig.

Yeah.

I mean, you never know what Darryl Hammond's up to, you know?

I mean, he's getting names wrong left and right.

I'm like Darryl Hammond in that I do impressions too.

Oh, really?

Who do you do impressions?

Here's an impression of a Tylenol being swallowed.

I'm not going down without some water.

What?

That's it?

You were from the point of view of the Tylenol?

I am the Tylenol being swallowed.

I see.

Here's my impression of revenge.

Why am I always served cold?

I want to be served hot.

I think we're coming to the end of the act.

Now, you know what they say?

They say open with your second best joke and close with your best.

So you must be closing with your best joke.

You know, my girlfriend won't stop yanking the blanket.

Your won't will who?

His girlfriend won't stop yanking the blanket.

I know that feeling.

I get chilly.

Yeah, fuck you.

I get chilly.

I find that women are always so warm and men are so freezing all the time.

I'm sure everyone feels the same.

Well, so to me this is an interesting area.

Yeah.

In that it sounds like you have both male and female lovers.

I do.

So like- Who are you dating lately?

Well, he's a little bit of a bat.

Are you fucking Batman?

Maybe.

You're fucking Batman.

See, that to me- Well, I broke his back and now he's breaking mine.

That to me is super interesting for you to talk about what is going on in your life.

The fact that you are having sex with your arch nemesis.

Oh, that is interesting.

And that you are apparently bisexual.

That's a news break.

Oh, so interesting.

You know, my girlfriend always tries to have sex with me.

As soon as I'm about to fall asleep, I find women always to be horny and men are never in the mood and sleepy and have headaches.

Do you find that?

What would you say about that fact?

That it's true.

Okay, so now you're just saying facts?

Usually a comedian- But that's interesting.

That's not a normal fact.

That's opposite.

That's switching stereotypes.

Yes, that's interesting.

Right, okay.

You're playing with single coding.

I've stopped taking car trips with my girlfriend.

She won't use Google Maps for directions.

I find women refuse to ask for directions.

Wow.

And men always stop and ask.

See, that seems to be opposite of what- That's the opposite of what normally people say on stage.

Women never need to wait in line to pee.

Wait, now you're just doing opposite stuff.

Well, I suppose if you're the only woman at the bottom of a pit prison, then no, you wouldn't have to wait in line.

Thank you.

Right?

That's a good point.

You are going to be the only woman at the bottom of a cave prison.

Sergei!

Sergei.

Love is the lighthouse of the soul.

I love you so much.

Okay, do you have a final one?

You want to close strong?

Yes.

Isn't it too bad that Game of Thrones isn't about stairs?

Then we'd be talking about Tyrion Bannister.

I like that one.

Okay, yeah, I'll give you that one.

That's a great joke.

That's really good.

Thank you.

Thank you so much.

Oh, of course.

Can you stick around?

We need to take a break if that's okay.

Forsythia, you have something on deck?

I'm ready.

Okay, we need to take a break.

We will be right back with more Comedy Bang Bang after this.

Welcome back.

Welcome back to Comedy Bang Bang with your host, Forsythia, featuring Scott Awkwardman.

Kind of the opposite, but who is this?

This is Donna Lewis.

Who is that?

She was a one-hit wonder with the purest voice I've heard this side of the Mississippi.

Who's the purest on the other side?

Wayne Newton.

What's he doing over there in the south?

Don't be ashamed.

I don't think he's dead yet.

Oh, well, I assumed.

Incorrectly, I suppose.

But, you know, he's a Vegas act.

Yeah.

Maybe, I don't know, maybe being- Is he in Vegas or Branson?

You'd like to do Vegas?

You only have approximately two minutes of material.

Well, if Carrot Top can do it, so can I.

What does that mean?

That means- Is that a slam on him?

No, there's enough room for everyone.

Yeah, it's true.

Not for you because you're taking up 90% of the room right now.

First you were rude with the small chairs, and now you're pointing it out again, Scott.

I'm so sorry.

Don't make me kill your whole family.

Oh, please don't do that.

I mean, some of them- By the way, that is a repercussion if you're in my audience.

I promise, try not laughing at one of my jokes.

Oh, wait a minute.

So when you say you kill as a comedian- I literally murder the audience.

Oh, no.

Yes.

See, this is what I'm talking about.

This is uninteresting.

No, no, this is interesting.

This is the stuff.

This is the good stuff.

You're telling me you want to hear about how funny it was when I saw Batman trip- He tripped on what?

And fall on his face.

Yes.

You want to hear that?

Yes, that's the stuff we want to hear about.

Yeah, what did you trip on?

You don't want to hear how G marks the spot in bed.

Now that's a funny joke.

That's typically where Batman's G spot is. You have information we don't know.

I do. I know what makes him tick.

Where is Batman's G spot? Do you know?

Yes, I do. It's right above the ass crack.

Oh.

Really?

Which direction?

He has a little hair patch there shaped like a bat.

Oh, it's like where his coccyx is sort of?

Does he shave it into the shape of a bat?

Of course he does. He's ridiculous, Scott.

Does he shave it himself?

Well, I think Alfred does it.

Well, that makes sense.

It's like a wrist tramp stamp for Batman.

This is all interesting stuff.

Yeah, that's the stuff. That's the stuff people want to hear.

Absolutely not.

I see.

What they want to hear is, is blue really a good color?

Is blue the most popular color there is?

Yes. I say no to blue and yes to two reds.

Two reds? We already have reds.

Totally not, Scott.

My shoes. I got those red Nike.

Oh, hey, Jimmy. How did you get back up here?

You don't have arms anymore.

I know. I kind of rolled up. I rolled up the stairs.

Oh, yeah. Okay.

I'm joking. Some kid put me in his backpack, brought me up here.

Oh, that's nice.

Yeah, you know.

Yeah. So, yeah, we're still looking for your arms and legs.

And, Bane, you've broken backs.

Yes.

So you can relate to this.

Well, I can. From the other side.

I've done bad things to little boys.

Yes. In regards to that, you know, if you want to put me on your backpack, like, strap me on your back like a backpack.

Yeah. I mean, you would, it's almost like having a gnat on a back for Scythian eye. You're so large.

Maybe we can do a Jeff Dunham thing.

Oh, that would be great.

All right.

You're going to put your hands inside of me, make me talk.

That's fine with me.

Let's try it out.

Okay.

All right. Hello.

Yep. Timmy's moving his mouth.

You can hear the lips popping.

Well, should Timmy talk or should I talk for Timmy?

You're the person in charge of the act.

You talk. Hello.

Hello. I'm Bane.

I don't quite understand this act.

Quiet. Quiet. I'm Timmy.

I'm Bane. I got a joke to tell.

I'm Timmy. I can't get anything like this.

I have no arms, no legs. I am pathetic.

Guys, you really need to work on this act before you take it to Vegas.

I do like them. And I'd like to offer, while I'm not going on tour anytime soon, I would love for them to open for me on the road.

When you do.

When I do.

Yeah. It could be decades in the future.

Bane and Timmy duo act. Because honestly, Bane, and I don't know if you have a temper or not.

Yes.

I think he does. I think it's safe to say.

Even Kiel during the show.

I don't think, and I mean this with all due respect, that you are ready to hit the road. I don't think you're ready yet.

You need to stay in town and test out.

Will you read my spec script?

Sure.

What is your spec script?

It's about my personal life.

Oh, so this is good.

See, that's interesting.

Is it a comedy?

It's about tea. And whether or not we really need it.

This is about your personal life?

Yes. I buy tea every day and I can't help but think, and I know everyone else thinks this, that it should be coffee.

Buy a coffee! Why are you buying tea?

Because I've already bought it.

And that's what the whole show is about?

Well, there's characters.

And you wrote this on, who are the characters?

There's Bane.

Uh-huh.

And of course, the Tea Salesman.

Okay, what does the Tea Salesman sound like?

The Tea Salesman sounds like this. Here you go.

It's very specific to my life.

Okay.

I just don't know if that's enough for a show. That sounds like a scene in a show.

It is a scene.

Okay.

There are previous scenes and scenes that follow in succession.

Okay, so it's kind of in the middle?

Is it all the scenes are back to back Tea Salesman?

No.

It's me going into the tea shop.

Uh-huh.

Me leaving with my new tea.

Uh-huh.

Me spilling my tea by accident.

Uh-huh.

And having to go back in and regret another purchase.

Oh.

See, that to me just sounds like a couple scenes from a show, but that's not about what the show is really about.

Is it like...

Oh, but Batman shows up.

Oh!

Oh, this is good.

Okay.

And you have sex in the coffee shop?

Well, not yet.

Well, he comes in and he breaks my heart.

Oh, see that?

Oh, he broke up with you in a coffee shop?

Did Batman break up with you?

Yes, and I fell into a deep rage.

Okay, that's interesting.

What happened in that coffee shop?

I took the barista and I choked him.

I broke his spine with my fingers.

With your fingers?

Okay.

Yes, and I saw the life bleed out of his soul.

And I thought to myself, why are my thumbs so small?

Why aren't they the length of the other fingers?

Oh.

Okay, yeah.

Here we go.

I mean, with that setup, it might be popular.

Yes, I thought the...

You know, because the setup's definitely interesting.

The setup is super interesting, Vane.

That's what I would try to focus on.

Yeah.

So as soon as you get into the observational stuff, it's just less interesting than supervillains do.

I want to know also, how do you eat with your breathing mask?

Yes.

The specifics of living with that?

IV.

Oh, really?

You have a feeding tube?

Yes, I have a feeding tube.

So why are you drinking?

You're not drinking the tea that you order?

Absolutely not.

You just pour it down the tube?

I pour it on my mask.

It's just the feeling.

Oh, you don't IV the tea.

You just pour the hot tea on your mask.

You just pour it all over your mask.

I pour the hot tea on my mask.

It's just the feeling of going out and...

It's the closest I can get to being human.

I understand.

You are human though, right?

I once was.

Some would say I'm not, but maybe that's why I'm obsessed with the mundane.

Oh, yeah.

Because I'm...

That's interesting.

Maybe that's exotic to you.

Yes.

You know, because in the cave, you never got to experience things like...

Yes, but I'd never discuss that on stage.

Why not?

It's boring.

It's interesting.

No.

Tell us a story about the cave.

Tell us one story.

One story.

I was once 11 years old, and I was caught in a room with an older gentleman.

In a cave.

This man was named Bogart, and he had no eyes.

Oh, wow.

He stabbed me, and he threatened to kill my father, who was also in the prison.

Wow.

He told me that he would do it if I didn't sacrifice my own body to his god.

These stakes are huge.

Yeah.

This is gripping.

I've been there.

So what did you do?

RV versus...

I called him, and I said, your forehead is more like a five head.

Oh, okay.

Okay.

Well, how did he take that?

He laughed.

And he laughed.

And that's when I knew I was the funniest guy in the office.

So you did the office.

So you defused the situation.

You defused the situation with humor.

That's correct.

And you called the cave the office.

Everyone called it the office.

We all called it the...

Another day in the office today.

We would look into camera and say, yes.

Yeah, and spirk.

Because I'm now...

Bane has quietly handed me a log line for the show, like a one sheet.

Oh, I mean, yeah.

Let me take a look at this.

It says it's Bane.

Sure.

But it's the office meets curb your enthusiasm.

Oh, what a great meeting that would be.

Meets the deep depths of the cave of despair.

Oh, okay.

All the things you want to hear about Bane, like putting a stapler in jello.

You did that in the cave?

Yes.

I make prank calls to other coworkers.

Can we hear one of those calls?

Yeah.

Do you have tapes of those?

Of course I do.

Okay.

For Cynthia, plus spry.

Mm-hmm.

Hello.

This is the pizza man.

You have a pizza delivery with plastic on it.

It's right here.

You ordered it with plastic.

Oh, it's really Bane.

Fred, turn around.

Fred.

Now you only record your own half of the conversation.

That's correct.

These are not effective prank calls.

That's correct.

It's illegal to record, but...

You're in a cave.

You're in prison.

Who cares if it's illegal?

By the way, you're getting pizzas delivered in this cave?

Not really.

It was just...

It was a prank call.

Picture, yes.

Picture the pizza.

I mean, I would be more surprised were I to be Fred.

Fred was it?

If a pizza were to come in the cave.

Yes.

More than the plastic on it.

Maybe that's why he was laughing.

Okay.

Well, we'll have to take your word for it.

Look, we're running out of time, guys.

We only have one last thing to do on the show, and it's a little something called Plugs.

Plugs.

Ooh.

This is a spooky one.

Well, it is October.

You got your peeks.

You got your spooks.

You got your uggs.

You got Plugs.

Oh, spooky.

Spooky AF.

Perfect for October.

That was Creaks, Eeks, Uggs, and Plugs by John Cummins.

John Cummins.

All right.

Well, very nice.

Thank you, John.

And why don't we plug in Nick?

Obviously, Big Mouth comes out this Friday.

Yes.

4 a.m.

4 a.m. October 5th.

Big Mouth on Netflix.

It's a great season.

I hope people enjoy it.

And they should not worry.

Paul F. and I are not on it at all.

Don't worry.

You don't have to worry about hearing the voices of Paul F.

or Scott Aukerman.

Great.

If you do, you can listen to the Comedy Bang Bang.

Sure.

Any number of other podcasts.

Bojack Horseman, if you want to hear any of these.

Sure.

Paul's got a lot going on.

Yes.

But yes, it's season two.

David Thewlis is the Shame Wizard.

Gina Rodriguez, as well as our consistent cast.

It's a crazy season.

Crazy season.

Forsythia, what are you plugging?

Well, I'd like to plug Nightscapes on the Inland Empire's number one station for smooth jazz and dedications.

103.9 WIND.

The wind.

Ride like the wind.

But I'd also like to- I used to think that just other people were mispronouncing that word, and now I think that you have always pronounced it that way since you were a little girl.

Yes, exactly.

The night wind is very strong tonight.

And if I were to say I need to W-I-N-D my watch, how would you pronounce that?

Winded.

You need to- okay, got it.

You gotta wind that.

What if I was W-I-N-D-E-D?

In what context?

I'm not going to give you the context.

You're going to have to guess.

Well, that would be wanded.

Yes.

Yes, it would be wanded.

What about a fish called W-A-N-D-A?

That would be a fish called Weendo.

Okay, Weendo.

This is my favorite movie.

Hi, Sergei.

Hi, do you want to plug anything?

Because I want to plug, I have a four story trailer for RENT.

A trailer for RENT because- I have a four story trailer with a studio in it.

If anybody wants to come in to our show- You guys need to patch it up.

They can come.

I've been listening a lot to this new Ear Wolf show called Womp It Up that I really love.

Oh, yeah, that is a spinoff sort of this show.

Marissa Wampler, who's my former intern, has her own show with Lissler.

A takeover, if you will.

Yeah, and that's a weekly show, I believe.

It comes out every Tuesday at midnight.

Yeah.

I love this show, Womp It Up.

Yes.

Some people can listen to that here or wherever you get podcasts.

Wherever you get your podcasts.

Yeah, okay.

Stitcher premiums.

Sure.

Bane, you have something to plug?

Well, I'll be performing at Shakey's actually.

Oh, where they serve the mojo potatoes.

Maybe we can hear for dinner.

You might hear such gems as, if you fart into a seashell, do you smell the ocean?

I actually like that one.

That's not bad.

I actually like that one.

That's all right.

All right, you're getting better.

Although- I'm going to throw that one out.

No, Bane.

You have no taste.

Oh, all right.

I want to plug, hey, my comic book is out this month at some point, maybe in a week or two.

It's called Black Number Two, the mojo issue.

That'll be out very, very soon.

Mojo potato?

Mojo potatoes, yes, from Shakey's.

Head down to any Shakey's.

They'll give it away as long as you get the buffet.

All right, let's close up the old plug bag.

Whoa, what a bag.

It's time to open it.

It's time to open the bag.

Whoa, what a bag.

It's time to open it.

It's time to open the bag.

Open the bag, open the bag.

Yeah.

We are officially three quarters of the way through listening to that song, only three more months to go.

And then we get to change it.

But guys, I want to thank you so much.

Nick, so good to see you.

Great to see you, Scott.

Bane.

Great to see you, Scott.

I mean, hopefully you're not going to just show up some night when I'm watching comedy.

Be careful, Scott.

You're going to die this week.

What?

I should have plugged that.

I'm going to come to my funeral in about a week's time.

Again, that's very interesting to me.

Really?

The fact that Scott's going to die?

Yeah.

What about the fact that I wish his part were one inch to the left?

Now that's hilarious.

I don't know what you're talking about.

For Cynthia.

Yeah.

Please patch it up with Sergei.

I mean, you guys were meant for each other.

I'm going to a Hoobastank concert next week.

Never heard any of their other songs.

It's actually a cover band at the Ramada.

So we'll see what happens.

It's Scuba Stank.

Scuba Stank?

Yes, it's a Hoobastank tribute band where everybody is dressed as Scooby Doo.

Scooby Doo.

Oh, OK.

I get it.

No one is Shaggy, no one is Fred.

No, everybody is Scooby.

Everyone is Scooby.

OK.

It's Scrappy Doo.

All right, I hope you guys patch it up.

So for Cynthia, you don't have to use our studio anymore.

We'll see you next time.

Thanks, everyone.

Bye.

Heroes.
