♪ Comedy Bang Bang ♪ A bird in the hand is worth two in the bush, and two in the bush is worth one in the tush.

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang. Thanks to Ariola Grande for that catchphrase submission.

Hittin' us with laughs on the catchphrase and on the username. Thanks so much. Pullin' double duty there.

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang for another edition, and this is...

If this is your first time listening to the show, this obviously is the show where I am the host, Scott Aukerman.

Welcome to the show. And I speak with...

There's gotta be a better way to say this, but I speak to people of interest across the globe.

They come into this very studio and we chat about their lives and whatever they have going on.

They're not always from the world of entertainment, although our leadoff guest certainly has been plumbing the depths of entertainment.

That's not really the right way to say it because it sounds like he's been...

I've plumbed some depths.

Okay, he has plumbed some depths.

There's been a few depths that have been plumbed by me, my friend.

Quite a few highs, and we'll talk about those.

Coming up a little later, we have a matchmaker. That's exciting.

So I know, Ike, you are taken and you have a...

I am married, but I'm always open to new ideas, new people, new things.

Okay, very good.

We also have... He is from the world of entertainment as well.

We have a playwright coming up a little later.

But first, let's get to our first guest.

He has a new film.

Film.

And I call it a film.

It's actually pronounced... True film fanatics know that it is a super hard L and it's phillim.

Super hard.

Like if you're not conveying three or four Ls in there...

No, it's a triple L. Phillim.

Phillim.

And this is a film that he has directed?

Yeah.

And written?

And written.

Co-written or written?

No, I wrote this one by myself.

By yourself?

Yeah, so it's all on me if it's bad.

Did anyone ever enter the room?

They tried to, but I wouldn't let them.

Good, just barricade the doors.

Yeah, get out.

Panic room.

I don't care.

Get out of here, honey.

I say to my writing partner.

Really, so your writing partner?

His name's Honey.

His birth name is Honey Sweetness Adamson.

And we met at Crossroads, Malibu.

Really?

Yeah.

Oh, okay.

So you have a problem.

Not anymore.

Oh, good.

Thank you to Crossroads.

Is Miss Crossroads still a sponsor?

Yeah, of course.

Yeah, okay.

So what were you trafficking in, if you don't mind me asking?

I was trafficking in humans.

Oh, this is a human trafficking problem.

But when I say that, people right away are like, oh, you fucking shit.

You piece of shit.

But I was dealing in men.

Oh, just men.

But older men, like men in their 40s.

It wasn't like a Me Too situation.

No.

This is people past their prime.

It was a who wants it situation.

Exactly.

I found a group of older men, men in their 40s, 50s, who were single.

Ready to mingle?

Ready to mingle.

Great.

That's important.

So I shipped them off to all different parts of the world.

Eastern Bloc, Western Bloc.

Oh, all the Blocs.

All the Blocs.

I got all the Blocs.

Did you just buy people plane tickets?

Yeah, pretty much.

Here's what I did.

I got a bunch of horny older guys.

I logged on to Trivago.

How horny were they?

Fucking horny.

Okay.

Jumped on Trivago.

Great.

I said, you, Lou, you are going to Latvia.

Hand him a ticket, and God knows where he is now.

Anyways, I got in a little bit of trouble.

Why would you get into trouble for buying plane tickets for horny older men?

Well, just because there was some confusion as to legally why they were...

I really, honestly, I hate to say this on the pot, I can't get into it because of legal shit.

Oh, sure.

Okay, I understand.

But the whole situation kind of put me in this place where I couldn't stop eating edible weed.

Oh, okay.

So you have a weed problem.

I have a weed problem, yeah.

Oh, okay, yeah.

Are you high right now?

Yeah, I am.

I had some weed.

I had a weed cereal.

And you're still taking weed, but you don't have a problem anymore.

I don't take as much of it now.

I'm not like, you know, I don't wake up and do it right away.

Yeah, how long do you wait?

Usually.

I have 45 minutes or so.

I want to see my kids for a second, get in.

Sure.

Good morning, how are you?

Get a nice 20 minutes with your kids before...

At least.

And then I check in with the wife, check in with the boss.

You know what I'm talking about.

You're masturbating?

What are you doing?

That's what I call it.

Checking in with the boss?

Checking in with the boss.

Okay.

Excuse me, honey, I got to go check in with the boss.

Do you think Bruce Springsteen's wife also similarly checks in with the boss?

He says, I'm going to check in with me.

Excuse me, I have to check in with me.

By the way, I only said Bruce Springsteen's wife because I don't know how to pronounce her last name.

It's like...

Shelfa.

Betty Shelfa.

Basky.

Oh, you mean fucking Betty Shelfa?

Yeah, she married fucking Bruce Springsteen.

Go figure.

Patty from the block?

Patty from around the block?

Oh, yeah, no, she's fucking playing bass for the E Street Band.

Fuck her.

I believe I was in the middle of an introduction, but the oath comes out October 12th and also stars in it pulling trips.

I'm pulling trips.

That's the phrase in Hollywood when you do more than three things and we pull trips.

Sure.

Yeah.

Did you choreograph it as well?

Well, Debbie Allen was supposed to, but she got sick.

Yeah.

Fucking typical Debbie Allen.

Yeah.

She is one of the sickest people in show business.

I got to tell you, one thing I've learned in this business, and I've been in it for years, is just don't count on Debbie Allen.

Never.

She's going to bail.

I'm going to come up with some excuse.

Look, you're always going to want to hire her.

Well, she's the best.

One of the best.

I want the best.

Yeah, of course.

I want and demand excellence.

Right.

And that's my mistake because I hired Debbie and she's like, oh, sure, baby.

I'll be there for sure.

Oh, 9 a.m. sharp.

9 a.m. sharp.

I'll be there at the Skirball Center.

I'll be there.

You're doing a lot of filming at the Skirball.

We shot most of the movie inside the Skirball Center.

Sure.

They have a lot of looks there.

My uncle was a donor and we needed a center.

And we went to- What kind of donor?

He was a blood donor for the Skirball Center.

Yeah.

They need it.

Oh, positive.

A lot of people tripping and skimming their knees.

It's old.

Listen, it's older folks.

And they fall, they crack their fucking head open and they need old blood.

Sure.

So anyways, so we're at the Skirball Center.

It's 1030.

I got Debbie Allen's fucking pain in the ass agent on the phone.

Where is she?

She's like, I don't know.

I don't know where she is.

Let me try calling her again.

And then if I get the call back like two hours later, so the whole cast, they were talking a hundred dancers.

Oh, again.

And they get paid by the hour.

And then you get something like Debbie got the date wrong.

Debbie.

She's in Prague.

He gave me the double excuse.

She goes, she thought it was Monday and she has the flu.

And I was like, which one is it, Sam?

Yeah, really?

I thought that was a woman, the agent, by the way.

It was, he transitioned.

Oh, I see.

In the middle of the call?

Yes.

So he was in the middle of his operation.

Her operation?

I will say he's a good agent.

He's committed to her.

Now, okay, got it.

She's not a great client.

She's a great agent.

Wow.

Okay.

It comes out October 12th, the oath.

Without a dance scene.

Yeah.

So just imagine it though.

Yeah.

At about 32.

Which reel?

I think it's reel one, 32, 44.

That's a long reel.

We went European on that.

Oh yeah.

We went to a longer reel.

About minute 32.

I'm trying to remember the time code.

44 seconds somewhere in there.

It's like between 43 and 44.

But there would be this crazy song.

Is there a tip off when people watch it?

They should set their alarms on their iPhones for 32.

Yeah, you'll see some of the cast start to look at each other, get ready for it.

Get into jumping poses.

Yeah, the people are kind of like, you see my dad in the movie stretching, and then we just cut to the next scene.

It was a tape cut, and it sucks.

And it's the worst part of the movie, and I hope people don't judge the movie based on that one scene.

Okay.

But they should be on the lookout for it.

They should just know it's coming and just try not to put it out of your head once it passes.

Got it.

Ike Berenholtz is here.

Hello, Ike.

How are you, man?

Good.

A friend of the show you've been on several times.

Yes.

And when I say several, this is maybe your third.

This is my third in, I think, four years.

Yes.

And but also third within the span of it of nine and a half.

My name is somewhere on this table.

Is it?

Really?

And I would love, what I'd love to do is hold the pod for a few minutes.

Okay, sure.

And see if we can find it.

Just a moment of silence for finding your name.

Let's see what I have here.

Let me see here.

Bill Burr.

Nope.

You're not Bill Burr.

I'm not Bill Burr, not Lauren Lapkus.

You know what?

I've always said you are the perfect combination of Bill Burr and Lauren Lapkus.

That's what I've known in The Biz.

Right.

If you need Billy.

We need like a very versatile comic actress, but also like an acerbic standup who's also an actor.

Call Ike.

Yeah, just get Ike.

Speaking of call Ike, I emailed you and did not call you after your movie Blockers came out earlier in the year.

You sent me a nice email, my friend.

It was a wonderful film.

Apple should certainly buy it, rent it, whatever they can do to get it.

You can stream it on Apple.

You can buy it.

I'll tell you what, if you go to my website, I'll send you a friggin'...

Free download?

I'll send you a free download.

Just if you go to your website.

Yeah, now the website's not up and running yet because we've been having some problems with the host.

Yeah, who is hosting it, by the way?

It's a company that's actually overseas, and I think that was my first mistake.

I don't know.

I don't even know where...

How far overseas?

Are we talking in the middle of the ocean somewhere?

I honestly don't know.

I've talked to two different customer service reps.

One had a thick German accent.

One told me he was in Pakistan, but I don't know.

But had a southern accent.

Yeah, no, it was like...

It's like, why are you lying about being in...

Sheriff Bull Connor's like, I'm here in Karachi.

Right, I've had that guy.

But why are you there?

I don't know.

Yeah, exactly.

But anyways, the point of it is the website's not up and running, but once it is shooting, I'll shoot an email over at Ike at baronholts.net.

.net.

Right, yeah.

Because everything else is fucking taken.

Everything Baronholts related, I bet.

If you want to buy Ike Baronholts number two.com, you have...

Guys already bought it, and I was like, how much for it?

He's like, 30 grand.

And I was like, fuck you.

30 grand.

I don't need it.

And I can imagine all that's up there right now is pictures of Ike Baronholts' number twos.

That's it.

Which is like, I'm interested.

And guess what?

I'm going to put it on my own website, but I'll do that on my own fucking terms.

Right, exactly.

VirtualProperties.net.

Fuck off.

Uh, blockers though.

Wonderful film.

Thank you.

I really enjoyed it.

And uh, Ike, you're bringing the laughs, bringing the tears.

Bringing the thunder, bringing the pain.

Yeah.

I mean, a lot.

I felt physically incapacitated afterwards.

It was actually a very sweet movie for like a teen sex comedy.

I thought it did a very nice job at making, even like the boys, when the girls tell them they are not going to sleep with them, are like, okay, cool, no problem.

Thank you.

I mean, I was alternatingly horny and then laughing then back to horny and then just staying horny.

I get so friggin horny at movies.

Yeah.

I went to, God, I went to go see Crazy Rich Asians and I had to leave.

Yeah.

I mean, just, I mean, not since the Joy Luck Club.

For the record, I know I'm not kidding.

I was horny.

Crazy Rich Asians.

Really?

Which part?

The massage part?

Yeah.

Everyone's hot and it and not just the girls.

No, the, yeah, the main guy.

Astrid's husband is fucking hot and they're all hot.

I've seen it.

I don't even remember the name Astrid.

Astrid is her friend whose husband is the louse.

Okay.

The guy who's, she finds the text.

Oh, the louse.

Oh, I thought you were talking about louse, the country, which I of course was like, I don't think anyone from louse is in it.

I would like, cool up.

I would have been very excited about that.

Yeah, no, he, he's, listen, he's, he's, he's hot.

He's a hot guy.

They're all fricking hot guys.

And girls.

And, and, and if you haven't seen it yet, uh, and I pray that you do, uh, they just hardcore sex right in the middle about real too.

Full pen DP, 3P.

Yeah.

Oh my God.

They got it all.

I, Baron Holtz is number twos.

Listen, it was kind of shocking cause I took my kids to the movie and then listen, like an hour in all of a sudden it's just dicks and combining with butts sometimes.

And like, and not even like sex, but like just a penis slapping against a butt.

And sometimes someone would bend over and a butt would come or a penis will come out of a butt.

Yeah.

And all the opposite way.

And it's like, how did that happen?

All these genitals by the way are white and I'm like, what the fuck?

This is crazy.

Rich Asians.

I'm looking at a bunch of white dick.

I think it was like over color correction though.

It might be mad.

I gotta tell you.

It was a bummer.

And I kept saying to myself, I'm going to leave right now.

My kids, I'm going to leave.

I'm going to leave.

I was like, it's got to end sometime.

And after like 12 minutes, I was like, okay, enough.

But it's hard to stand up.

You know, what do you have a bone zone like that?

And there's one thing we could take away from this pod is that I had a boner during the sexy and crazy rich Asians that I brought my three daughters to.

So did we get that clear?

Cause I want to make sure that we got it clean.

Okay, great.

Okay.

All right, good.

So tell us about the oath.

So the oath comes out October 12th and it's a, I've seen, I tell you, I've seen the trailer, which is a, people don't know what these are.

They cut about one or two minutes out of a film, but usually not chronologically.

Usually it's not just like, it's like the best pieces that you really need to hire like an editor for this.

Well, I did it all on my old Mac, my old Mac too.

Your candy colored one.

Yeah, it was, it's like electric green.

I got it.

I got it in 98 still works.

Hey, why trade it in?

And what I, all I, all I did was took a camera and took just different, I would play the movie on that and pause and then take photos of the computer screen with Nikon.

Yeah.

So if you're taking 24 or 29 of those per second, it's exactly what I did.

Yeah.

And then I had a stack of about all 4,000 photos.

Yeah.

And I brought to a friend of mine who's a cartoonist.

He's an older guy, lives in Santa Monica.

How old are we talking?

I went to his 83rd birthday four years ago.

Oh, so he must be 87 or so.

But he's, he's a great guy.

And I came over to his house and I said, I need you assemble this trailer for me because this is just a flip book.

Yeah.

Were they all out of order too?

Or yeah.

Yeah.

But that, cause I dropped them on the way away.

Cause I stopped and I wanted a burger.

I dropped them.

So they were all out of order.

So I just dropped them off and I said, Hey man, do what you can do what you can.

And I got to say it turned out great.

Yeah.

I've seen it.

It looked like, like a real trailer that like a movie house would hire to make a trailer for star Wars nine.

Yes.

Which are coming out I believe approximately a year from now or two.

Yeah.

Can't wait.

Yeah.

Are you in that by the way?

I am.

Yeah.

Good.

I am playing the grandson of, do you remember Admiral Ackbar?

Yes I do.

The guy with the, uh, squid.

Yeah.

Squid.

Yeah.

Squid man is what I used to call it.

Admiral Ack.

I've been in reserve like in 30 years in the resistance military Navy to be called.

Sure.

No, normally, no, normally when a military personnel comes on the screen, I usually stand up and salute, but at the time I was a young man and I saw Admiral Ackbar, I didn't know, you know what you were supposed to do.

And I just yelled out squid man and I've regretted it ever since.

Thank you.

It's disrespectful to him.

It's disrespectful to us and our family.

Anyways, nowadays when I see star Wars, I kneel of course, you know, to protest, uh, the state of, uh, the treatment of intercalary.

Galactic species by space, space cops.

So I'm kneeling two and a half hours during the entire thing.

It's like a, you know, I like performing the Eucharist of the Christ or something.

It's it's uh, it's, it's an ordeal, but, but, uh, so you are Admiral Ackbar's grandson, grandson who I'm not full.

I don't have like the full tentacle squid thing, but it's like half cause he, he married human, which human did he marry in the star Wars universe?

Uh, someone that we've seen on screen or someone who was the woman who says many both and spies died to give us this information.

I saw so much heat coming from those.

They were having an affair.

No one.

This is like, they're having an affair.

So I was married.

I was married to a woman who looked like him.

Whoa.

So he had sex with that woman, my grandmother.

Okay.

So he had like a, a white woman fetish.

A white, he loved white woman.

He was married to a fellow squid in, but he, he loved just human white ladies and human all ladies and, and he, he, they had sex and they had my father and my father who was much more squid like than his.

He also married a human white woman.

Right.

And they adopted you.

They adopted me.

Um, so I look almost completely like myself.

I'm wearing my own clothes in the movie.

So it's your own clothes.

Like what, what are your own clothes?

I got a Massimo shirt and like a, like I wore like a, yeah, these old Air Jordans and shit.

I was like, JJ is this cool?

He's like, yeah, whatever.

Cool.

Those are like platform Air Jordans by the way.

I'm looking at those things.

I bought them online and they're, they make me look taller cause you know, I'm only five too.

Yeah, exactly.

But on screen you are an imposing presence.

Cause I, it's something I'm very like, it's like my one thing that I'm like touchy about is my height and my and your body.

I noticed like anytime I see you on screen, like the entirety of blockers, you're sort of like crossing your arms in front of your chest.

I'm not comfortable in my skin.

You're such a good actor.

I know.

Other than those factors.

I know.

It just, it's like those weird moments.

You just kind of catch me just like shivering in the corner of the frame.

You're always kind of turning away from the camera.

I noticed too.

Like, yeah, I don't like everyone looking at me.

You hate your fronts, your profile.

I don't like any of it.

I got all bad sides.

I say, you want to shoot my good side?

I'll be in my trailer.

Well, it's amazing that you've gotten any work, but, but you're, but you're in the new star Wars.

You have the new stories is small, very small, but pretty crucial scene.

Yeah.

Describe the scene because it doesn't come out for another year or whatever, but so much trouble.

No one listens to this.

Are you sure?

Yeah.

Oh yeah.

Okay.

So the, the main plot of the next movie is that Kylo Ren is, he is actually Luke Skywalker.

He's Luke Skywalker in disguise.

He's got to go.

They went like the mission impossible.

So there's a scene where Kylo Ren pulls his mask off and it's Mark Hamill's face and every, and everyone's, you know, stunned and I'm in a kind of in the corner and I just go, what the fuck?

You know, but it's so important.

That was really big by the way.

Well, it's if you were like the way it seems big in this room.

Did they ever say like, just throw it away.

Just throw it away.

No, no, no.

Give me more, give me more baby.

You know, you know, JJ, give me more baby.

Sure.

Yeah.

That's a good impression.

And so I just kept going to be like, what the fuck?

And the purpose of the scene and why JJ says he won't cut it is because it's showing the craziness of the situation and how shocking it is.

And everyone's been so duped by it.

So it's, it's, it's probably the best scene in the movie.

Yeah.

It sounds amazing for you to get a reenactment like this.

I mean, I'm going to get in.

I'm going to get a phone call from JJ.

What are you doing?

You ruined the whole movie.

You promised me.

I feel like he's right here next to me.

You are an incredible impressionist.

It's all fun now in 30 minutes in my car.

I'm going to be in a world of pain.

Yeah.

Now you were telling me before the show that you have several impressions that you wanted to, to debut here on the show that you've been working on like a 30 minute special for Netflix of just impressions.

Well we're hoping it's going to be on Netflix.

Oh, okay.

It hasn't been sold yet.

It has not been sold.

Not bought or bought.

No, no, no.

Not bought or sold, but we have a pitch.

No God.

Next.

Today.

Today at four.

And it's 355 right now.

Where is Netflix?

It's like 35 miles away from here.

Okay.

Fuck.

Okay.

Um, anyways, we're going to pitch it.

We're hoping it's going to be on Netflix and it's okay.

You might just tell them you might be a little late though.

Yeah.

Well, they can start without me.

They can start without you.

Basically I wanted to, did you see the net?

The net, the Sandra Bullock film, the net.

The net.

Yes.

I have seen the net.

Yes.

Of course.

Very accurate.

The net is, I just watched that Netflix.

The net.

Cause everyone was talking about it.

I've seen the net, the net.

Yeah.

They're like, wow, that movie puts the net into Netflix.

It does.

Right?

So they're like, I'm hearing all this stuff about the net on, on, on Netflix.

And everyone's like, it's this comedy special.

It's so great.

So I typed in the net and it comes on and it's, it was kind of funny.

Dennis Miller's in it.

He's funny.

I love him.

He's a killer on Twitter.

He's fine.

I love him.

And I'm not just saying that cause he's my best friend.

Shut up.

But a big baby.

Not, but that is good to you.

It's a little, he's your best friend.

It's time.

I don't want to like go there with him.

And I don't think so.

Chuck Chuck.

And I'm just like, I won't, I won't.

I'm right.

But anyways, it's, I was watching the net and cause everyone was talking about it.

Of course.

Everyone's always talking about it.

I'm like, Oh, the net, the net on Netflix.

Yeah.

So I was like, I can do this.

I can do a comedy special that follows the same story about a person who's getting sucked into this web, literally literal, a web of intrigue, literal web.

That's what you should call it.

The literal web of intrigue.

Oh, the literal.

I just think maybe literal web.

No, no, no.

I think I'm good with titles.

So she, she, but it would be me in the, in the one man show.

Everyone calls you.

She, she.

And, and, and I enter this literal web of deceit and intrigue.

Yeah.

Oh, that's even better.

You're right.

And intrigue.

Yeah.

And, and I have friends helping me along the way and Dennis Miller, maybe he pops in.

He's like, I got your babe.

And then I have these bad guys who work for the net and they're coming after it.

Cause they're saying, you're not taking that net from us.

Right.

Yeah.

What I want to do is combine that with impressions.

Right.

And I think just cause then people have context.

So it's sort of like the mask meets.

Oh yes.

It's like the mask meets the net.

Yeah.

It's like the mask meets.

It's like my two favorite movies have slept together and had a beautiful child.

Just a beautiful and we watched the sex and it was, it was tasteful.

It was tasteful.

It was respectful.

They kept asking permission to do everything that they did.

Pregnancy was great.

The birth was perfect.

Yeah.

Less than 10 minutes of pushing.

Came out on the exact due date.

On the date at the exact time the doctor said this baby was born at 11 46.

It came out 11 46.

It's like, how did we predict this?

If Netflix doesn't buy this movie, they're fucking stupid.

They, and they are fucking stupid.

They are fucking dumb.

All right.

I don't care how much billions of dollars you have and how much of the market share, how often you play the net.

If you don't purchase Ike Barinholtz's literal web of deceit and intrigue, you're fucking morons.

Exactly.

Well, I can't wait for that.

That is your next project.

I would imagine getting started on it now.

I think we're going to start rehearsals at the Skirball center next week.

Okay.

Well call Debbie.

You're going to need her.

Yeah.

Okay.

So tell us about the oath.

Give me, what's the fewest words you can use to, to really give me an accurate, uh, what am I trying to say?

An accurate, uh, description or, or, uh, doing the fewest amount of words.

This is what gives you an idea of what the movie is and why I think you should see it.

Okay.

I'm going to count the words.

I'm going to do it.

I'm going to try to do it in five words, five words or less.

Okay.

Here we go.

It's oh, you're using it's man.

You really, you regretted it the minute you said it too.

It's just, oh, why just you just use word, just use adjective.

It doesn't even have to be a sentence.

I got three left.

It's just a really, you're right.

You're almost out.

It's just a really, you don't even have like, all you can do is a, a noun at this point.

This is what I wanted to say.

It's just a really movie.

I think that quote should be above the title.

It's just a really movie.

If you gave me a hundred letters words, I would say the same thing.

It's just a really movie.

It's just, it's just a really movie.

It's just, it's just a really movie, but, but really sometimes you go to the movies like what the fuck was that?

But that wasn't even a movie.

This is just a really movie.

Yeah.

Okay.

Well I hope we need to change that.

Can all be superheroes and Oh, it can't be all like a raise Hulk.

Oh look, that's Luke Skywalker.

What the fuck?

Sometimes you just need a really movie and this is, this is it baby.

This is it.

This is the only one, this is the only movie that comes out for the, for the rest of the year, right?

It's the only really movie coming out this year and we just put it out this time so we can get into some really awards.

Yeah, of course.

And then also, uh, you know, uh, Halloween coming up in, uh, you know, uh, 19 days after this movie.

So you got that nice window going where you don't have to worry about the rent being due the next day.

You know, uh, you don't have to worry about, you bought all this candy.

How am I, how am I going to make the rent?

Nope, Nope.

You know, not going to have that problem.

No, no, we're October 12th.

You've already paid the rent like 11 days ago.

Yeah.

And they're expecting, they are expecting, I mean, I don't want to get into this, but I talked to one of the producers of the film and they are expecting, they're expecting, Oh wow.

Congratulations.

They've been trying so fucking hard for the doctor.

Give the exact time that the baby is due.

10 15, nine months from yesterday.

Hey, uh, the, the, the, the movie is projected right now.

Do you know what, are you familiar with what tracking is?

I do know tracking.

It's uh, the native Americans are great at it.

They are.

And that's why they have gone into the business of movies.

They track these movies.

This film is only shown at Indian casinos.

No, no, no, no, no, no.

That's not the case.

The people that we have hired to track the films, how it's doing are all native American.

Okay.

Got it.

Okay.

So, and, and some of them do, you know, have connections to some casinos.

Sure.

Yeah.

So, uh, so anyway, so the guy called me yesterday, he goes here, look and look and by the way, do not try to do this, but I'm just saying he has a deep voice.

He's looking, looking, looking really good.

I was like, I was like, thank you.

Tell me what that means in numbers.

Give me, give me the dinero pal.

And he goes, we are looking at opening weekend.

$200 million.

And this is from what I could tell of that trailer that, uh, the old man who's 87 years old put together.

Uh, this is a smaller independent film, independent film, but this guy, this guy, $200 million in the whole opening weekend, you're going to recoup like within the first showing within the first first showing within the first 90 minutes by that aborted dance sequence.

By the dance sequence, I'm already in the money.

So yeah.

So we're really excited about that.

I think anything less than that opening week is going to be a crushing disappointment.

Yeah.

What do you think you're going to do if, uh, I'm going to eat some weed.

I'm gonna, I am going to go and I'm going to get a big marijuana.

Say goodbye to the wife and kids.

Yes.

Check it in to the basement.

No, but I'm hoping I'm optimistic.

It will clear that much opening.

You ever seen that movie Dunstan checks in?

Have I seen my favorite movie?

Yeah, I've seen my favorite movie.

Oh, okay.

Yeah.

Why am I asking?

Yeah.

Okay.

I've never seen my favorite movie.

It's weird.

I really should go see it sometime.

It's good.

Yeah.

Uh, well the oath, uh, comes out October 12th.

Uh, Tiffany Haddish, I believe, uh, is in this film.

She plays, uh, my wife.

Very good.

Have you guys seen the film Borat?

I thought it was Borat.

Borat.

I have seen that.

Yeah.

Great film.

Just a little shout out to that movie.

Yeah.

She plays my wife in it.

She is amazing.

And, uh, you know, we got in this, uh, Richard Jenkins, they've got all the typical indie stalwarts.

We got Richard Jenkins.

We got Shay Wiggum.

We got Oliver Platt, Will Patton, Oliver Platt.

Uh, who's that over there?

Oh, hi, Alfred Molina.

Doc Ock himself.

None of these people are in my movie.

Um, we have Carrie Brownstein.

Okay.

Very wonderful.

My sister.

Uh, wait, wait, wait.

My sister.

Oh, my sister.

Uh, John show.

Maybe you fucking heard of him.

I think so.

Uh, he is, uh, him and a guy named Billy Magnussen.

It was a wonderful actor.

And then my own brother.

You're, you have a brother.

I have a brother in real life.

Your parents had sex more than once.

Wow.

Approximately five years after I was born.

My parents.

Let's do it again.

And out popped my brother, John, and he is playing my brother in this movie.

Wow.

He plays your brother.

My brother.

Is he an actor at all or no, no.

He just took a chance on a union rep for, uh, uh, the auto workers union.

He's based in Kenosha.

Uh, he does not know acting has never acted before.

No.

So you thought, why, why give it to someone who's trained and who could possibly use the sag insurance.

Are you familiar with the person named John Luke?

I am.

Yeah.

Well, there's a famous quote he said about film, which is you can't get better than authentic.

You can't do better than that.

Can't do better than authentic.

So I said, I'm going to cast my real brother, even though he's not an actor.

You said Jean-Luc Picard, right?

Jean-Luc Picard.

Yes.

The commander of the enterprise.

Right.

Yeah.

Okay.

Uh, but he said, yeah, authenticity can't beat that.

And, and, uh, so I cast my brother and he, he, you know, didn't want to do it and there was a lot of back and forth, but he did it.

Was he constantly looking into the lens?

Yeah.

And he's like, I'm spiking the camera and he's like, I'm sorry.

I don't know what to do.

I'm he's things right in my face.

He's got a thick, you know, shacks, almost unintelligible.

Yeah.

No.

And he's not like, he doesn't look good on camera.

Yeah.

He has worse angles than you.

He has no angles.

He's he is.

He is.

I mean, he is like 700 fucking pounds, man.

I mean, he is just a giant beast of a man and he's not no one else fits in frame.

No, it really blew the shot.

And the producers kept saying, just fuck gas, Jake Johnson or something.

And I'm like, no, we're casting my brother.

Although he might be great for that fat bastard spinoff movie that they keep.

I keep hearing rumors about the audience from the Austin Powers first and working on it.

Scott, he's not like, that's not cool, dude.

He's working on his weight.

Don't say he's going to be the Austin Powers fucking supervillain.

Okay.

Was he a supervillain?

I thought he was his buddy.

That bastard.

No, he don't know.

He worked in conjunction with Dr. Evil and and Mini Me.

I was I was in number three and I don't remember this.

I think I think fat bastard might have had like the ogre from Revenge of the Nerds turn.

Yeah.

Where he's like, I'm on your side now.

I know he wanted things to be in his stomach region.

In his belly.

He wanted he wanted to be in his belly.

Well, my brother's not going to play fat bastard.

This is a one time.

But does he in the oath?

Yes, he plays the character.

He's my my brother in the movie is fat bastard.

Right.

You know, we have these like nuanced scenes because the movie is all about like, you know, how the political world is kind of, you know, entered our home.

It's set at a dinner, perhaps a holiday.

It's a Thanksgiving dinner.

Thanksgiving.

So he wants things in his belly.

So, yes, the whole time.

So, you know, I'm like the president came with this and he's like, I'll pass the stuff in.

Pass me the stuff and so I could put it in my belly.

And as and it's like, you know, the the test we tested the movie and that people kept saying it feels weird.

It feels strange, but it's funny.

But we like it and and we kept it in.

I don't know.

So this movie sounds like a disaster.

Listen, you know, we know our goal.

We're going to have a little bit of a break.
