♪ Fool me one, so God my poor fragile ego is ruined.

♪ Fragile ego.

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

Thank you to The Moon's a Jerk for that wonderful catchphrase submission.

I agree, The Moon is a jerk.

And I'll tell you who are not jerks, our upcoming guests in a show that I am pleased as punch to provide for you this episode of Comedy Bang Bang.

My name is Scott Aukerman, and our guest coming up a little later, we have, oh, this is exciting, we have Luke.

And also we have Matthew, and a little later than that, we have Chris.

And then also we have Billy coming up.

So that's exciting.

I have no last names provided to me.

Who knows if they have last names?

We don't know.

They may be like Madonna or Cher, very interesting people that I'll be excited to talk to.

But first, our guest of honor, as we say, in pole position.

And she is straight as a pole right now.

She's standing to attention.

We didn't have enough chairs.

She'll be standing the entire episode.

Yeah.

And how are your feet right now?

They are bleeding already.

They're bleeding.

It's been about five minutes.

Oh no.

She's never been on the show before, and we are taking care of that today.

And I'm basically just, you know, I have a checklist of all the people in the world.

Just moving through it.

Yeah, you're, you know, approximately like 550 on the list.

So how's that feel?

I mean, pretty good, pretty good.

It's nice to be cleared of the bench.

You're off the bench at this point.

And you know, to stretch my legs and just stand up for a while.

When you say cleared of the bench, is that an expression I don't know?

I think it's a sports thing.

Well, when they clear the bench, that means everyone gets up and fights, I believe.

I don't do sports.

I think it's like they get, they're like, you've been sitting down the whole game.

Why don't you play?

Just clear the bench at a certain point.

Like, anyone who hasn't played, come on in, get in the outfield.

It's a free for all now.

We're not counting any points.

Who cares?

She is a comedian extraordinaire.

She has an upcoming album, Pasta, coming out soon.

Yes. In November.

Any previous albums?

Yes, there's one called Good For Her.

They're both on Kill Rockstars.

Kill Rockstars, a wonderful label.

I believe.

Who else is on Kill Rockstars?

Well, Elliott Smith was at one point, I believe.

Elliott Smith was.

Bikini Kill was at one point.

Bikini Kill.

And you know, a lot of comedians.

Cameron Esposito's on there.

Hari Kondabolu.

Me, I'm on there.

Yeah.

Pasta is the name of the record.

Please welcome Emily Heller.

Hello, welcome to the show.

Thank you for having me.

I'm excited to be here.

Big fan.

Yeah, of the show?

Yeah, and standing up.

Great.

For a little hour.

Now you do stand up comedy, so this shouldn't be hard for you, but you're rocking back and forth.

I don't know why I feel so out of my element right now.

Yeah, just pretend there's a microphone in front of you, which there is one.

Yeah, I mean, here's the thing.

When I do stand up, I do in Marc Maron style, which is just immediately collapsing onto a stool.

As if I just did a marathon.

Substitute teacher.

Yeah.

Uh.

Now you, you're one of America's great comedians.

Thank you.

If not the world.

Yeah, yeah.

I did some international touring last year, and I gotta say that that, it confirmed my suspicion that I was better than them.

Yeah.

When you do international touring, do you do it head to head style?

It's like Top Chef style?

Yeah, there's a lot that Americans don't know about how international comedy works, where at the beginning of every show, there are eight comedians, and then halfway through the show, that gets narrowed down to four.

Oh my gosh.

Yeah, and then by the end, it's a good five hour show, and by the end, there's just one comedian, and they do the same set that they've done four times already. The entire time.

Yeah.

Yeah, it's not like Top Chef, where you can just cook something new.

No, no, you do the same jokes, and then by the end, you've won Edinburgh.

And you've just like worn the audience down at that point, where they're like, all right.

By that point, they can do the jokes along with you.

Oh, that's fun.

It's a karaoke kind of.

Oh wow.

Yeah.

And what's your best joke?

That's a great question, and one that I absolutely prepared for.

Does it change every time, or are you like, oh, I think my best joke is this now?

My best joke is, you're gonna have to buy the album.

Okay.

I think it's on there.

Oh boy.

Yeah.

Do you close with it, do you open with it, or are you snaking in there in the middle?

You know what, I like to let you guys try and guess.

I'm not gonna tell you where it is on the album.

Oh, okay.

You listen to the album, you email me which one you think is the best.

Wait, but you're gonna tell us what the joke is?

No, no, I'm not going to.

Okay.

Because it would ruin the contest, which is, you guess which- Oh, a contest?

There's a contest.

Oh boy.

With my album.

You have to buy the album, and then you email me, and guess which track you think is the best, and if you're- According to you, or according to them?

According to Europe.

According to Europe?

According to Europe.

Oh, okay, I see.

From when we did the contests over there.

Oh, great.

And then, if you're right, I will email you back.

Oh.

And that's the price.

An email back?

Yeah.

Okay.

Do you usually not email people back?

I usually don't email people back.

Okay, so this is great.

My life is a real mess.

So, that album, Pasta, coming out very, very soon.

November, you say?

November sometime.

Thanksgiving-ish, maybe?

In time for Black Friday?

Pre-Thanksgiving, post midterm elections, that's the zone we're targeting.

Yeah, is this the, is it reflecting at all the natural, the natural mood of the country?

Yeah, just how we all feel about nature right now.

No, yeah, there's a couple politics jokes on there.

Oh, boy.

What do we got?

Let's hit us with these.

I don't wanna- The clowns in Washington are, you go straight out of the big top.

Yeah, Congress, more like not progress.

Did you get?

Pro, because pro and con.

It was better when I did it on stage.

Was it?

Yeah.

It was pretty good right now.

So it's even better on stage?

Yeah.

Okay.

I can only imagine.

Yeah, I don't wanna spoil the album.

I don't wanna give away too much, but I don't love the president.

What?

Of which country?

You'll have to listen to the album right now.

Oh, man.

Ugh.

Really, really trying to- Big, huge Duarte chunk?

Yeah.

Well, that's exciting.

You're also currently a, what I call a scribe, on the television show, Barry.

I am, yes.

I am a writer, producer, end of list.

Stops there.

Yeah.

But I mean, how many other jobs, can you have, other places of employment, can you have multiple jobs?

You know what I mean?

Like if you go work at a restaurant, it's like I'm a server.

I guess you could be- And a busser.

You could buss your own tables?

Sure.

It's actually usually a sign of a bad job.

Or you have to cover everyone else's- I used to work at a startup and it was like, I'm an editor and also a like, I don't remember any of the words from a startup, but I had to do a bunch of different weird things cause they don't know what they're doing.

A startup, what do you mean?

Like a startup company in San Francisco, like a web startup where you work for a website and you're like, I run the website, I also do the blog and then I'm like the- You remember that term, blog.

Blog, yeah.

That's for a web blog.

Yeah.

Man, I really did not, I do not remember any words associated with that job.

I did some data entry.

There you go, data entry.

I do that at Berry also.

Do you?

What kind of data are you putting into the, like tracking how many kills he has?

I'm just keeping a list of all the words we've ever used.

Oh, okay.

Just the way you are with guests on this show, if there's any that we haven't gotten to, I'll try and sneak them into scripts.

So from Aardvark to Zebra.

Yes, they're all animals.

Those are the ones that are at the zoo.

Yeah.

Season two, spoiler alert.

Berry at the zoo.

Berry buys a zoo.

Oh boy.

How awesome would that be if just episode one, he says to his girlfriend, this is of season two, no spoilers, but I believe I can be general about this.

He just says to his girlfriend, you know what, I'm tired of killing people.

This is my bill here.

I'm tired of killing people.

I'm just gonna buy a zoo.

And then every episode after that is him lovingly caring for the animals.

Yes, I mean, this is what I pitched and this is what we're doing.

We've got some table reads later today.

I'll let you know how it goes.

With the animals?

No, I will be reading for the animals.

Oh, okay, how are your animal sounds?

Oink, oink.

Oh, pretty good.

Oh, okay.

Oink.

They don't really have pigs at zoos.

It might be like a bear doing an impersonation of a pig.

Oh, yeah.

Bill Hader's a very good impressionist.

So he would write those things in for others.

He just assumes everyone is a good impressionist.

He just assumes everyone's good at it.

This guy.

And then when other people can't do it, he laughs in their faces.

He's like, you know, when you're doing an impression of Al Pacino and everyone thinks it's really good, people are like, we can't relate, Bill.

Jesus.

I mean, I can.

Hoo-ah.

That show, Barry, it's like, the title is my main issue.

Yeah.

It's like, what, I'm supposed to watch a show about a guy named Barry?

Like, who cares?

Well, and if you don't see it written down, you're like, what is it, a strawberry?

Yes, exactly.

A raspberry?

Or is it Daryl Strawberry?

I mean, that's why I do the job.

That's season three, you find out he's Daryl Strawberry.

Yeah.

Deep undercover.

There have been Easter eggs along the way to let people know that that's where we were going.

You know how sometimes he'll pick up a baseball bat and look at it wistfully?

Be like, I miss this.

Yeah, and you just hear in the background, Daryl.

Hey, Daryl.

Other times, people will say the word Daryl, and he'll turn, and then they're not talking to him.

You're not talking to me, Daryl Strawberry?

I mean, uh.

I mean, Bill Hader?

I mean, uh.

Ha ha ha.

It's a really good show, you guys.

It's a really good show.

Probably in the top 200 shows on television right now.

I'd say so.

What'd you say?

Top 200.

I've watched only about, like, 167 of them, so I can't say definitively.

It's hard.

There's so much television right now.

Do you feel like you're adding to that sort of general malaise of the public?

There's too much TV.

Yeah, I think that that's what, um, that's been my main goal, is to just sort of grind people down.

I feel for every content creator, there should be a content deleter.

So if you're out there making episodes of Barry, you have to go delete episodes of The Americans or something.

Right.

You know?

I mean.

Like, we've got to be at just, like, you know, zero sum television.

When we do go in, so there have been a couple of days when we had to work at the HBO offices, and you walk by these, like, big file cabinets that just say, like, Arliss on them.

And it's just, like, so tempting to just pull the whole drawer out and take it home.

Why don't they get storage for that?

I don't, and I don't.

Because they're still keeping the Arliss files.

I got to tell you, it was very tempting to open that, and I can't believe I didn't.

By the way, this is in Santa Monica.

Space has had a premium there.

Like, rent there is so expensive.

They have a beautiful, giant building, and they're keeping Arliss files there?

And, like, paper files, too.

What is going on?

I shouldn't, I don't think I signed an NDA about this.

By the way, if they have the Mr. Show files, please steal them for me.

We did some bad shit in there.

Well, Emily Heller is here.

She is a wonderful comedian.

Pasta is the name of her record.

It is.

And you can get that in November, and that's, uh, that, well, what a great month.

I mean, you have Halloween, and then you've spent so much money on candy, and you're worried about making the rent on November 1st.

Do you spend money on candy on Halloween?

Because I find people usually give it away for free.

What? I usually tip the people.

Oh, wow.

Like, here's $100.

Thank you so much.

And then I'm out.

Yeah.

Pasta is the record.

Get that in November.

We have to get to our next guests, and I'm super excited about this.

They are, according to their biography, aka bio here, they are television personalities, and they are the aforementioned Luke and Matthew.

Hello, Luke and Matthew.

Hello, hello.

Thanks for joining us.

Thank you for joining us today.

How you doing?

I believe you're joining us.

Not to feel territorial about this, but Emily and I were here first.

Well, I'm still standing, so I'm not really joining anyone.

Well, thanks again for letting us use the chairs.

Yes.

That was a deal breaker for us, so we appreciate that.

Now, you guys decided to sit in one chair, and you're leaving one totally open.

Couldn't Emily just use this one?

Well, we'd like to leave that chair open for Elijah.

Oh, you guys are of the Jewish persuasion, Luke and Matthew?

Yes.

Well, we could be persuaded, yes.

Yes.

Wait, you want Jewish people to persuade you?

We might want to be Jewish.

We walk around with some sort of one Jewish totem everywhere we go, and we say, convince us.

Yeah, change our minds.

Today it's- And what's the totem you have here?

Well, today's an empty chair with a glass of wine in front of it for Elijah.

Oh, I see.

I'm very thirsty, by the way.

I know it's 9 a.m., but- Please don't drink it.

Okay, all right, fine.

Just in case a Jew walks in and wants to convince us.

But thank you for joining us, guys.

Thank you so much.

We obviously work for QVC.

You do, okay.

Yes.

I read your television personalities.

I don't know why it's obvious that you work for QVC.

I love QVC.

Yeah, we're our faces, we host, you know, we look, we are inviting you in to probably buy something.

I wouldn't say you're even really good looking people, so.

Well.

I mean, on a scale of, you know, one to 10, you're like sort of an Oklahoma two.

Well, an Oklahoma two is a QVC eight.

Yes, it is true.

And we are a Los Angeles zero.

But this stuff is really subjective, so it's about your taste, and for me personally, you're checking all the boxes.

Oh, really?

Thank you very much.

What are some of those boxes?

Big tie?

Big tie.

Big huge tie?

Big tie.

Wide tie.

I like that all of your clothes are just a little bit the wrong size, but in different directions.

Right, tiny pants, pretty big shirt.

Yeah, big shirt, big tie, small jacket.

So the shirt's sort of like- It's our favorite cake song.

Blousing out, yeah.

Yeah.

And your chains, by the way, the chains around your neck are just, oh yes.

Oh yeah, we don't like to get too far from each other.

Oh yes.

So we keep ourselves- Yeah.

Sort of a defiant ones kind of situation.

Yes, which is a little bit difficult because we do drive separate cars.

Oh, okay.

So you have to do it side by side, like a motor car or side car?

Yes, well- My car is side car to his.

Okay.

But I put a little wheel in there so he feels like he's driving.

That's nice.

So- So yeah, that's a little bit of how in- I was behind you guys on the freeway yesterday.

Well, we apologize for the pace of the drive.

Oh really?

How fast do you drive or how slow?

Well, 15 miles fast.

15 miles fast, okay.

Yes.

But we do frequent, we have a sign on the back that says caution stops frequently on the freeway.

But why would you be stopping just because the chain is getting too tight or?

Or are you stopping to see who's sponsoring the- There are various reasons you might want to stop on a freeway.

Sometimes it's who's sponsoring it.

Yeah, look at us at share.

We always, we think we forget stuff.

Yes.

So we just stop.

So we come to a full stop.

Yeah.

Remember that we didn't forget it and then we just continue on.

I have my curling iron.

I have my curling iron and then we continue on.

Yeah.

Can I ask you, so you stop to think if you forgot something.

If you realize you did forget it, would you then hang a U-ey or?

No, we do the same thing as a family and home alone.

We just keep going.

Okay.

So why not just keep going and then search for it as you're going?

It's hard to drive and remember.

Oh, okay.

Or drive and search.

Yeah, we don't multitask very good.

Have you ever forgotten anything?

We actually rarely forget anything.

Ray, what's your batting average at this point?

That's another sports term by the way.

Well, let's just say we cleared the bench.

Okay, got it.

So you work for QVC, what does that stand for?

The Quality- Quality Video Kramer.

Like from Seinfeld or from Mad Money?

I feel like every video that Kramer's in is a quality video.

It's quality video Kramer.

They shortened it after the big video came out.

Oh, right, yeah.

So, oh, so it's like KFC.

Yes, exactly.

They felt America couldn't handle it.

They changed the name of KFC after those chickens said the N word.

Hey now.

Yeah.

So what do you guys do, your personalities meaning your hosts, meaning you sell the products?

Yes, yeah, companies come to us and they- Companies come to you?

Yeah, they come to us and we sell their products.

So they give us the lowdown of their product and then we go on air and we sell it for them.

For example, this set of Sharp knives.

Sharp knives.

Okay, let me get a look at these here.

These are Sharp Family brand knives.

Sharp Family.

Dull knives.

Oh, so the Sharp Family sponsors or has created these knives.

Right, so this is a perfect knife for anyone who is worried they're gonna cut their hand on a sharp knife.

Oh, okay.

You do not have to worry about cutting yourself with these knives.

Let me get a look at those.

Okay.

Go ahead, would you like a butcher's knife or a- Sure, yeah, just let me see if I could, okay, so this would be prime for trying to butcher something.

Yes, exactly.

Okay.

And- Yeah, just pretend like you're murdering someone.

Okay, so here we go.

Wait, do you wanna do it on me?

Yeah, let me do it on you.

Let me just do it right to your chest there.

Right on the raccoons.

Yeah.

She's wearing raccoons on her shirt, by the way.

That's not- It's a picture, it's not, I don't have them around my neck.

That's not my euphemism for- If I did, you could practice on the raccoons and that would be pretty low risk.

All right, here we go.

So I'm just gonna just shove this as hard as I can into your chest area, if you don't mind.

And- I don't.

Okay, so we'll see how dull these are and- You guys are fine with this.

And here we go.

As hard as you are, we- Yeah.

All right.

And- Oh.

Oh.

You did not move.

It didn't make a dent.

Wow.

See?

To be fair- Didn't even tip you over.

I am wearing a metal bra.

Oh, okay.

What, and what's the reason for that?

Comfort.

Yeah.

Those things, the fabric ones can get really itchy, can't they?

Yeah, I have very sensitive skin, so I have to wear a 24 karat gold.

Mm, okay.

Otherwise I get an infection.

That must be so valuable.

Wow.

It is.

I mean, and it doubled in value once I put it on.

Oh, I bet, yeah.

If you know what I'm saying.

I think I do, I'm not quite sure.

So wow, this is really dull.

Yeah, I see.

I think, although it hit the gold bra.

We might need to test it on something else.

Yeah, it feels like that was the one thing you wouldn't want to test it on, was a very sturdy bra.

Hmm, I don't know what else is in the room.

Well, maybe- Well, maybe, let's say- Yeah, it stabbed me in the eye.

In the eye?

Stabbed me in the eye right now.

Now, even if it's dull, won't it?

Ah, who cares, here we go.

Well, it stabbed me in my eye that's, oh!

And this leads us to our next product, Sturdy Eyes.

Sturdy Eyes.

So if you are a person whose eyes are too currently weak- Mm, what do you mean by weak eyes?

They don't see well, or they're just- No, physically, if they're poked, they would hurt.

Oh, okay.

If someone shoved a little knife into them.

Yeah, if they shoved a knife, they would melt out onto your face.

Sure, I would count myself among those types of people.

I would too, I feel like weak is a little pejorative.

I think there's some benefits to having your eye hurt when it's poked.

I would be avoiding stuff that pokes your eyes.

I wouldn't even say normalized, because people who have sturdy eyes then would not feel normal.

So what would you say?

I would just say my eyes are what they are.

Uh-huh, uh-huh.

I am what my eyes am.

Well, I think we're a little older than you, and we're from a generation that doesn't coddle children.

How old are you, Emily?

I am 21.

And how old are you?

52.

Oh, okay.

You're both 52?

We're 52 on the nose today.

Yeah, if you add our ages together, we're 52 today.

Today?

Yes.

So is it your birthdays?

No, it's both of our half birthdays.

Okay, so you're each- Wait, so if you add your ages together, then that makes them 20- You're each 20- You got it!

We're each, well, no, because it's a half birthday.

So one of you is 24 and a half, and one of you is 26 and a half.

And you got it.

You got it.

Or 25, okay, 25 and a half.

Oh, you got it.

You got it.

And guys, if you call in in the next 10 minutes, you can get a strong eye and also a dull knife for 17 bucks.

Really?

17 bucks.

Is that a good deal?

Is that a bad deal?

Well, we're using the word bucks.

Bucks means it's a deal.

So feel free to call on him.

So where would people be calling in?

Is that- Well, it's just a 1-800-QVC-SAIL.

QVC-SAIL, and it'll be forwarded here or?

Well, yes, that should be forwarded right to, well, it'll get you at the QVC offices, and then they'll just call your cell phone.

My cell phone, okay.

Yes, and you'll patch that.

So I'll need to hook up my cell phone to- So people should just call Scott's cell phone.

They have that number, right?

Oh yeah, yeah, let's give that out.

It's- So go ahead and call.

And it's 17 bucks.

Not 16.99.

No, 17 bucks even.

Wow.

Just 17 even, okay.

And we don't have change.

We do not have change, so we do need- You don't have change.

Oh, you need exact change, okay.

Oh wait, we're getting a call?

All right.

So they just patched someone through to Scott's phone.

Hello?

Hi.

Hello, caller, hello.

Hey.

Looking for one of those dull knives.

Okay, well you have called the right place.

Now the Sharp family, they have been making dull knives for seven years now.

That's right.

Great family business.

It's a wonderful family business.

Who's the Sharp family?

I don't know that I've ever heard of them.

Oh, it's Carl Sharp and his lovely wife Linda.

We have met them.

They dislike each other.

Yeah, tumultuous relationship, fantastic company.

I think I have an idea of where these knives came from.

Yeah, I can only imagine they created them.

Yeah.

Okay, well, I'd like a set.

Yeah, it was a funny story.

Carl was.

Hang on a second, caller.

Hang on one second, caller.

Actually a very funny story.

Carl tried to murder Linda.

That's right.

What manner of murdering?

He was gonna cut her head off.

Cut her head off.

And he said, man, I wish I didn't have a sharp knife.

So just ISIS style.

He was just gonna take a knife and.

Take 20 minutes to cut her head off.

So Carl recorded a 45 minute direct to camera video.

Okay.

One second, caller.

One second.

I'm struggling cutting a tomato.

One second, caller.

Just hang on.

You're having too easy of a time cutting a tomato?

Yes, I wanna struggle in front of my family, but I'm slicing through these things like a hot knife through butter.

So you wanna not have to.

Like a regular knife through a tomato, I guess.

Well, no, it's specifically like a hot knife through butter.

Oh, okay.

Well, this is the perfect knife for you.

So you're looking to struggle while cutting a tomato so it seems like you can't cook or.

Yes, I want sympathy while preparing the meal.

Do you feel like your family doesn't give you enough sympathy, they don't pay enough attention to you?

No, my family respects me.

They say, oh, he doesn't need any help.

Leave him in the kitchen alone.

And what I want is someone to go, what are you so weak?

You can't even cut the tomato.

Honey, you're having a hard time with it.

Aww.

And then also if you can't quite get through the tomato, then it'll just burst and they'll get tomato juice in their eyes and then they'll really feel what you're going through.

Exactly, exactly.

Wow, boy have you called the right place.

There's almost no place else you could call for this exact meal. My cell phone number.

So yeah, just send us.

Do you have exact change?

Through the mail or a credit card, what do you mean?

Exact change through your credit card would be ideal.

Yes, I do.

Okay, perfect.

Okay, good, good, good.

We do not have change.

I hate it when credit cards round up.

You know, it's like I bought some for 14.50, you're charging me 15 bucks.

Now do you guys do cash back?

Yes.

Yeah, we do do cash back.

We do how much cash back do you need?

I would like 24.23 back.

Okay, we actually only do in denominations of 10.

Yeah.

Cents?

Yes.

10 cents, okay.

Yes, it's gotta have 10 cents.

Okay, well then I guess I'd like, you know, 2000 cents split up into 10s.

So like 242 10 cent pieces?

242 10 cent pieces, all right.

I'm just looking to struggle to cut a tomato, okay?

And how are your eyes?

Are they strong or weak?

Weak.

Well, I don't really.

Poke yourself in the eye real quick.

Ah!

Okay, that's a weak eye.

That's a weak eye.

Oh, come on.

Or a very strong finger.

Oh, that's true.

Do you think you have strong fingers?

I do, I do.

Take that knife that you have and try to poke yourself in the finger with it.

The sharp knife.

I love that it's a lot like a hot knife going through butter.

Yeah.

You remember the one.

Oh, that was a clean slice.

Oh no.

No more index for me.

See, see guys, that's a problem with these sharp knives.

If you had a dull knife, you would still have those strong fingers on your hand and you would have the mushiest tomatoes in the house.

Are you all right, sir?

Are you bleeding out or?

I am, I need to go to the hospital.

Well, let's patch you through to 911 here.

Okay.

We have a direct line to 911 through here.

It's a real nice cellar.

You know what, I think I actually have the number.

I just call Scott's number and hit two, right?

Boop.

Hello?

I'm still us.

Oh.

Okay, well I think I'm gonna bleed out now.

All right, well thank you so much for calling in, caller.

Wait, you guys didn't get his address to send him the knife.

Yeah, and you didn't get his credit card number?

I mean, how does this work?

He gives that all to 911 and we follow up with it.

Oh, got it, okay.

We have to follow up with 911.

Because what we do is we cut out the middleman and we add several other middlemen, it seems.

My cell phone number, 911.

The US government.

But what happens is we eat the cost.

Oh, okay.

And we're willing to do that to get these wonderful products that we care about.

How much are you selling these knives for again?

$17.

$17 and a half, so they cost you?

Oh my gosh, what did we pay for these?

Well, it depends which set.

You bought them up front?

Yeah, we bought them off.

Depends on which set, you paid different amounts for each different.

The amounts went up exponentially for each new set.

Okay.

We were had by the Sharp family.

The Sharp family got us good.

And we're doing our best to unload them.

It's a great product.

We are doing our best to unload it.

Were you tricked by the name Sharp and knife?

Yes.

I was gonna ask that.

I feel like I've been wondering about that for the past few minutes.

Yeah, it seems like a con.

Well, not like a pro.

We are conned men.

Oh wait, I've heard of con men, but you're conned men.

We constantly get conned.

And this is a way for us to get rid of the merchandise that we've been had by.

We're not trying to con you, we've been conned and we're trying our best.

And you're very honest about the fact you've been conned.

Yeah, we're conned men.

Yes.

And you didn't try to pass these knives off as actual Sharp knives to us, you're not con men.

No, no, no, no, we sell them as is.

Cause we know how much strife it causes to be conned.

Oh yeah.

It can really ruin your life.

Are you guys the conned men?

Yes.

Of conned men's condiments?

Mm-hmm.

I love your mustard.

Okay, well thank you.

Oh my God, it is my favorite mustard.

I spent my daughter's college fund on that mustard at a gas station.

I got tricked into buying it.

Wait, how much did you save for her college fund at that point?

You spent it all at a gas station?

Yeah, I spent 300 grand.

What?

Where was she gonna go?

Brown.

All right.

Yeah, and- That's what the condiments brown mustard.

Oh, that's why they call it brown mustard.

It came out yellow and I was so confused.

Yes.

Now it's brown mustard.

And we were, well, but the big con is it's not a condiment at all, it's not a side.

We were very much tricked again on that one.

Yeah.

I don't pay too much for that mustard.

Yeah, 300 grand for how many bottles did you get?

Well, several bottles, but not standard size.

Oh, they were all different sizes.

The one I got was like the size of a thimble and I used it on just one batch of egg salad and then it was gone.

Yeah, it was like a real cute room service bottle.

Right, yeah, that's real cute.

But really cute and smaller.

So what are some of the other cons that you've undergone?

Well, we're currently trying to resell a pyramid scheme.

A pyramid, you're trying to sell an actual scheme?

What, and what were they?

That you had already bought?

Yes, so we got caught up in one of the worst pyramid schemes where we paid a lot of money in advance to be buried in a pyramid when we die like a pharaoh.

Like a pharaoh.

In one of the original pyramids or is this a new pyramid?

I haven't heard any recent pyramid news lately.

Well, this one's an exciting one.

It's a recent pyramid.

Oh, wow.

Yeah, so we were getting gas at a gas station and.

Because you guys drive together.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Well, separately, but we share a tank.

And so.

This guy approached us.

And he seemed authentic, he seemed trustworthy.

In what way did he seem trustworthy?

He came like out of a bush and came towards us.

He never really made eye contact.

OK, see, these are not characteristics of someone trustworthy.

He was wearing a big vest.

OK.

I don't know what that would happen to.

Well, as someone who likes ill-fitting clothing, I get it.

I'm with you.

Yeah, OK.

You're, I think, our number one client so far, Emily.

Did you get conned out of all of your clothes, by the way?

We got conned into these clothes, I should say.

So you still have your old clothes?

Well, no, we had to pay our old clothes for this outfit.

Oh, OK.

Yeah, this guy at a gas station convinced us that we were going to get really buff and we needed bigger shirts.

And then the pyramid comes in at one point.

That's a different guy.

This is a different guy at a different gas station?

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Or same guy, same gas station, different cons.

Oh, I see.

Different days?

Different days.

OK.

So yeah, he came up to us out of the bush and said, do you guys want to be buried and have it be beautiful?

And we were like, yeah.

That's all we ever talk about.

A pitchman knows a good pitch when he hears it.

Yeah.

Do you guys think you're going to die together in this tandem car situation?

Well, we drive pretty recklessly.

We're constantly slamming on brakes on the highway.

So we just assume.

Yeah, and if we don't die together, we've made a pact that we will get buried together.

OK, that's very nice.

So it might be a life burial for one of us.

So one of you won't get buried until the other one dies?

I mean, that could be months, if not years.

Oh, that's a better idea.

I was thinking one of us would get buried when someone died.

But maybe it's just we drag the other one around next to us.

And where was this pyramid, this recent pyramid, supposed to be?

Oh, good question.

Oh, thank you.

I've been working on my question.

This one was top notch.

Thank you.

This pyramid is, have you ever been to the city of commerce?

Oh, yeah.

That's very difficult to get to, almost as difficult as HBO.

Yes, which is the science.

Yeah, we took a general once at commerce.

We took a general at commerce.

Like about 4 PM.

Yeah, it's very tough.

4 PM on a Friday, I'm sure you had their complete focus.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Yeah, they were building a pyramid out there.

And they were going to throw our dead bodies in the top of it.

In the top?

Usually it's like you're buried underneath a mausoleum.

No, this was like the very top.

This was right at the tip.

The apex.

Wait, you were going to be like stabbed and bent over backwards on the tip?

Yeah, they drop you about 15 feet above it.

And you get stabbed on it.

Oh, wow.

They showed us a.

The hole gets bigger and bigger as you slowly slide down the pyramid and turn it to basically a big square.

Yes.

Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.

Wow, it sounds like you've heard the pitch.

I have, I turned it down.

But.

Were you at this gas station?

No, I met that guy at Harvard.

Oh, OK.

The guy, the salesman.

The salesman at Harvard.

OK, what were you doing at Harvard?

Teaching.

Oh, OK.

Oh, wow.

Yeah.

God, yeah, I wanted my daughter to go to Harvard or Brown.

Yeah.

Was she accepted to either?

No.

She got a pre-reduction, right, from both of them?

Yeah.

They sent her letters and said don't even try.

Don't even bother.

Where would they have the time or the bandwidth to send out letters like that to bad poor students?

You'd be surprised.

They're looking around sending out pre-rejections.

Wow.

I think it saves time in the long run because they're like, hey, don't waste our time when admissions start because we're going to be really busy.

And we don't want to lose that.

Yeah, I guess so.

Yeah, we don't want to send you one of these big packets back.

Yeah, it's one of the meanest committees.

Yeah.

I'm on a dating app that's all about pre-rejections, actually.

Oh, really?

Yes, yeah.

Yeah, what's it called?

Goodbye.

So you spent $300,000 on mustard.

How much did you spend on the pyramid scheme?

Well, the pyramid scheme was a deal.

Because these pyramids have lasted for centuries.

Not this one, though.

It was a new one?

And this one, well, we've since found that they've had a bit of a rain delay with the pyramid.

Oh, OK.

Is it like that target down on Sunset just sitting there for years?

That's right.

It's just kind of an open building that everyone was very excited about.

But this pyramid, let's see, how much was it going to cost my daughter to go to college?

She spent your daughter's college fund.

Yes.

Where was she going to go?

Well, she was going to go to a state school, so not as much.

But we had agreed to pay in full either way, just so that she could feel the brunt of what it's like.

So this was $90,000 for Arizona State.

$90,000.

So were you guys independently wealthy before you became condiment?

No.

Sounds like a lot of money.

I mean, I don't know that I have an extra $300,000.

We were joint wealthy.

So not independently wealthy, but we came wealthy together.

Oh, I see.

We were dependently wealthy.

So you added your money together, much like your ages, and it was a lot.

Yes.

It was a lot more than when we were separate.

Well, I can imagine.

Yeah.

I have a question.

So it sounds like a lot of these deals are going down at gas stations.

Do you think it might have anything to do with these guys, they see the bumper sticker on your car that says, caution, stops frequently on the freeway, and they think maybe these are some dumb guys?

Oh, so you say our look might be attracting con men.

Yeah, I just think maybe you get some different bumper stickers that maybe tell people that you're smart.

And then they won't try and.

So maybe cover up our money to spend bumper sticker?

Yes.

And don't slip on a lot of banana peels.

Yeah.

At the gas station.

People are leaving a lot of banana peels around lately, aren't they?

Have you noticed that just in the last month?

I think it's something about this guy in the White House that you were talking about.

I think it's changed the way people are behaving.

People are just like, you know what?

The world's going to end.

Let me just throw this here.

It's madness.

It's like the trash can's two steps away, my friend.

They're emboldened.

I blame rap music.

Oh, yeah, definitely.

Yeah, glorifying.

You know all those songs about banana peels?

Yeah.

Yeah, that new Eminem record where he's like, banana peel, banana peel, I feel.

I'm going to throw down a banana peel.

Yeah.

Which is a lot of people are saying the most words per minute of any of his raps yet.

Wow.

That's what I like about rap is just the most words.

Yeah.

And fast.

Well, you know, the opposite, like if there were only like one word in a rap where a guy just was like, chicken.

Yeah.

You know?

That would be terrible rap.

That's not all right.

Yeah, that's almost just a statement.

Yeah, it's not even really a statement.

It's more of a noun.

Yeah.

It's evocative.

I'll give it that.

It's evocative.

Evocative.

Now, that made me feel something.

That's not bad, actually.

Yeah.

A rapper named Evocative.

And he says his own name as a whole rap?

Yeah, he just says evocative.

Evocative.

I mean, that just added another layer to it.

Yeah.

It's already pretty intense.

And then now that it's his name, it's like it's evoking everything.

You know what?

I'm changing my stage name to Evocative.

I'm looking for investors to help me out with this.

Well, you came to the right guys.

Yeah.

I mean, all you got to do.

Do you have any other daughters?

I wish we were at a gas station.

I would feel more comfortable doing this.

Do you have any other daughters who are going to college at any point?

Yeah, yes.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

I've got another daughter.

Have you been saving up?

She just got a slew of no's from every Ivy League in the country.

How much money have you saved up for?

To collectively.

In tandem.

I've got $200,000 to get there.

I've got another 150.

Yeah, I'm going to need $350,000 to really get my debut album up and running.

What do you say?

OK.

Well, what's in it for us?

Please say nothing.

Nothing.

Absolutely nothing.

OK.

All right.

We have a deal.

What do you think, Luke?

Well, I love it.

OK.

And will this give us a, we get nothing ever?

Like there's no points on the back end?

No, no, absolutely not.

Just to clarify, we're paying for you to change your name.

Yes, exactly.

I'm going to need it in dime.

So 3,500,000 dimes.

OK.

All right.

And you disappear right after this?

Oh, yeah, definitely.

OK.

Can I make two suggestions?

Sure, two.

OK.

The first suggestion is for you guys.

I was wondering, I think it might be a good idea for you to stop telling people exactly how much money you have in full.

In advance of a negotiation?

To the dime.

And then for Scott, I just wanted to suggest you name your album Scott Evocherman.

Oh, OK.

Great.

Yeah.

It's evocative of your name.

So that straddles the line of my old fans and my new fans?

Just to help you transition into your new identity.

I hope that's not going to cost you more.

I want you to really quickly look at my t-shirt that I'm wearing underneath my shirt here.

It says available balance.

And it has a number on it.

You've crossed it out several times and put.

I have an LED I could sell you that would just update it automatically based on your bank account.

Oh, OK.

Cool.

Yeah.

How much is that going to be?

That's going to be about $350,000.

OK.

Do you have any other dollars?

Your wife is not going to college.

OK.

What?

Not telling more.

Your wife is going back to school?

Yes.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Well, I hope so.

Now tell me about this LED light.

I want her back in school.

Get her out of the house.

You know what I mean, Scott?

I guess so.

I don't know why.

Talk to me about getting more wives out of the house, Scott.

OK.

My wife is fine.

Give me a minute alone.

You know what I mean, Scott?

I'm the one who leaves.

He was like, Scott, come on.

Tell me about it.

Me, you, on the couch, no wife.

Wait.

Hold on.

Yeah, big smile and nod from Scott about getting the wife out of the house.

OK, look, guys.

We need to take a break.

Luke and Matthew from QVC, when we come back, we're going to have Chris and Billy, two other television personalities.

That's exciting.

We'll be right back with more Emily Heller, more Comedy Bang Bang after this.

Comedy Bang Bang, we're back here with Luke and Matthew, of course.

Do you guys have last names?

Yes.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

We do.

We also have Emily Heller here.

And this is very exciting because we have heard from two television personalities.

And now we're going to hear from two television personalities.

Please welcome Chris and Billy.

Hello.

Hey, how you doing, Scott?

Hey, I'm doing really good.

Who are you?

Which one are you?

I'm Chris.

You're Chris.

And this is Billy.

Yeah, sorry.

We're still figuring out the intro to the.

We don't have a tit for tat yet.

No, no, no, no.

You guys don't usually work as a team?

We do.

And you know, it's the frustrating thing is we're getting the hang of it now.

So we're trying to figure the thing out.

I'm Chris.

This is Billy.

I'm Billy.

Welcome to the Foodz Channel.

You know what I mean?

Foodz Channel?

Yeah.

The Foodz Channel.

Yeah, yeah.

Did that sound like the way that you'd sort of start a television show?

Sort of, although I don't think you need to say Billy twice.

Like, you don't need to introduce him if he's going to say his own name.

Right.

We'll work on it.

So yeah, so we do it together.

It'd be like, what's up?

I'm Chris.

I'm Billy.

And this is the Foodz Channel.

A little overlap.

And then I think you may have said Billy over his other line.

Really?

I thought we were saying the names twice.

Oh, OK.

Yeah.

No, let's do it again.

OK.

Let's do it again.

OK.

Here we go.

I'm Chris.

And I'm Billy.

And I'm Chris.

And this is Billy on the Foodz.

And the Foodz Channel.

All right.

Well, I mean.

I feel like you could maybe just let the Chiron do this work for you.

You say, welcome to the Foodz Channel, and then it just bez below you.

That is honestly a really good idea.

And if we can find money in the budget.

For Chironz?

For Chironz.

We are starting our own Foodz Channel, obviously.

Did you say Billy on the Food?

Is that kind of like Billy on the Street?

Well, it's not a rip off.

I'll tell you that.

No, nothing on our channel is a rip off of the Food Network.

You guys promised that.

I promise that.

Listen.

I don't think Billy on the Street is even on the Food Network.

Exactly.

I've seen Billy on the Food, and you are running around screaming at food.

Yeah.

Pizzas, hot dogs, pretzels.

And I am running around on the food.

I got pizza shoes on.

I got taco feet.

I got whatever you do.

And you're asking the food if they know Oscar winning actresses and stuff?

Yeah.

What do they think of Meryl Streep?

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Are you watching Sharper Objects pizza?

Yeah.

The answer is always.

It sounds a lot like Billy on the Street.

Well, we're hoping that that's our first hit.

That's just one of our shows.

It's been a tough couple months.

Obviously, we both were on Beat Bobby Flay and got brutally beat by Bobby Flay.

God.

In four ways, one.

When you say obvious, I don't know why it's obvious.

I don't think I saw that one.

Really, you don't remember the episode of Beat Bobby Flay where two guys got brutally beaten up by Bobby Flay because their food was so bad.

Did you provoke him in some manner?

Our food was so bad, he thought it'd be a good idea to punch us, I guess.

Jesus.

And also, he was competing against him in the kitchen, and I was trying to beat up Bobby Flay.

Oh, that's right.

I showed up with the tongs and the spatula.

Billy over here showed up with boxing gloves and the trunks.

Brass knuckles.

A club, an old fashioned club.

Zip guns.

Yeah, exactly.

And so we took the L on that one, is what we say.

But we said, we're not going to let this guy down.

They did not like our tuna melt.

No, they did not.

He turned that boy into such a tuna melt. I tell you what.

He beat punched him, he punched him, he punched him.

His face got all soft.

And they said, Bobby Flay cooked something.

You just called him a tuna melt and beat him up.

Just punched him in the soft eye.

So we started a new network.

Obviously, we weren't wanted.

We said, fuck this.

We don't need these guys.

We don't need the infrastructure of a network with money.

We're going to do it ourselves.

We started the food chain.

And I'm Billy.

How does one start a network?

I don't even know how I would do that.

LinkedIn.

Yeah, really good question.

LinkedIn, really?

We both started really detailed LinkedIn accounts, updated our resumes, headshots, professional connections.

If you keep telling people you want to be their friend on LinkedIn, eventually they log on to the website.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

So we got a network of three.

Yeah, network of three.

Us and my mother.

She accepted your LinkedIn request.

She accepted his.

Not accepted mine yet.

Fingers crossed.

She's our producer.

She lives in a convalescent home.

That's true.

But you know, we're just getting the channel off the ground.

We've got a few shows in the tank.

I've been watching Billy Eye for the Street Guy.

Yes.

So what is that?

That's you going around to try to do what to food?

That's where I don't copy Queer Eye.

And I redress all the food.

I tell him how to shave.

You give him taco shoes?

Yeah, yeah.

I give him taco shoes.

I'll shave the Parmesan.

Every time I see that show, I cry.

Thank you.

That's what we want.

That's what we want for the Food's Channel.

We want it to be a food network.

No.

Excuse me.

Not Food's Channel.

We want it to be a channel, and we want people to feel something, because that's what people like these days.

Well, what is going to happen on the next season of Breaking Bad Billy?

Please tell us.

Well, I can't tell you.

These titles don't even have food in them anymore.

I got to say, on the next episode of Breaking Bad Billy, they don't tell me anything.

I'll tell you what, though.

That show's about cooking.

This is a spoiler.

This is a cooking show.

Spoiler.

We know that I haven't been able to break eggs successfully this whole season.

You're too weak to crack an egg.

Too cowardly.

Too emotionally weak to crack an egg, because I look at it and I say, this is the exact same shape of my head.

What if someone were to break a crack?

What if someone were to push me off the wall I always sit on?

Yeah.

And then you keep not putting them back in the fridge, and then they get spoiled.

Is that the spoiler you did?

That's right.

I mean, a lot of people keep saying that you are Humpty Dumpty.

Yeah, how do you respond to that?

Which is crazy.

I've inherited it especially from the king's horses and king's men.

OK.

Why?

Because I wear these high pants and don't wear a shirt?

Maybe because you're an egg.

Oh, come on.

Come on.

That's very reductive.

This is my friend Billy.

Speaking of reductives.

How about a sauce?

Oh, I love a balsamic reduction.

You're really good at transitions.

Yeah.

That's why we built this whole brand.

The whole network is mostly transitions.

And honestly, as you've already seen all the shows star Billy, I, of course, am not an on-camera talent.

I am just sort of behind the scenes, making deals.

You're in the shows, though.

You keep pretending.

What are you talking about?

You dress up.

Just behind the scenes, literally.

You obviously want to be an actor.

And you're disguising yourself in these shows.

What are you talking?

No, all the old men are not me.

OK?

Yes, they are.

All the old men are not me.

All the children are not me.

All the dogs are not me.

We were recording an episode of Aluminum Chef the other day.

Yeah.

And you demand.

Aluminum Chef Billy?

Aluminum Chef Billy.

Sorry, I forgot to say the last part.

It was implied.

Billy is implied in all the titles.

Aluminum Chef Billy.

And also explicit in a lot of them.

It's like Walt Disney's Fantasia.

Precisely.

Yeah.

Precisely.

It's in a different font.

Star Wars, the Empire Strikes Back.

Yes.

Billy is in a different font on the title, always.

So it's like the title treatment and then with Billy is on it.

And what font is that?

Comic Sans.

Oh, good.

That's a great choice.

Yeah, and all the rest of the titles are in Trajan Pro.

Trajan Pro.

That one, I know.

Classic movie poster font.

Luke and I heavily invested in Comic Sans.

Yes.

Well, we invested in Horatio Sans as a comic.

Oh, OK.

I mean, the Comic Sans.

Yeah.

Our only agreement was he has to call himself Comic Sans from now on.

Was this the Saturday after Boat Trip premiered?

Yes.

OK.

That was a bad time.

To be clear, that is the font that we use on our TV show is Comic Horatio Sans.

Him making letter shapes out of his body.

Exactly.

Quite a contortionist, that man.

Oh, yeah.

More ways than one.

How many ways?

Linguistically.

He'll really confuse you and then you go, that actually did have a point.

Yeah.

So two.

Two ways.

Yeah.

Well, that's more than one.

But anyway, I'm not in the shows.

OK.

I'm not in the shows.

OK.

To the naked eye.

Don't look in my closet or the wardrobe truck for the show.

Well, this is how we keep it different.

If it was just the Food Network, boring, we would be doing Iron Chef.

Yeah.

Right.

We would be doing At Home with Giada.

But instead, we do the same shows with old people walking around in the background.

These people, do they look old or are they?

I think they look very old.

I think they look very convincing at home.

I think it's the same makeup guy that's doing all of Sacha Baron Cohen stuff right now.

And he's good.

Well, let's say this.

They have a lot of powder in their hair.

Yeah.

They always have the hugest chin.

They all look like a Leno.

Hey.

You look like Leno.

Right.

Because when you're old, yeah.

Great artist steal.

Yeah.

Do you think Leno might be Sacha Baron Cohen?

I think that's Leno.

Yes.

Jay Leno is definitely Sacha Baron Cohen.

Jay Leno is not me.

Is it that much of a coincidence that we lose jaywalking and then we get all these incisive pieces by Sacha?

I don't think so.

No.

Maybe.

It's not a coincidence.

No.

So I mean, you guys have obviously seen these shows.

This is on cable packages?

No.

This is on packages of cables at Best Buy.

Yeah.

OK.

We burn DVDs of all of our shows, and we leave them in the packaging of cables, like HDMI cables.

Oh, OK.

RCA cables that you can buy at Best Buy.

Right.

So it's like how rappers go around handing out their mixtapes to people.

You guys are kind of doing that like a coronavirus thing.

We say you like food shows?

Yeah.

We go down to Venice.

They hired those guys in Vegas that flip cards for strip clubs against their fingers, and those guys do that with the DVDs.

You've seen those guys?

Yeah.

That's how I found your show.

How old those guys look?

How old did that look?

I mean, one was 25 and a bunch of old man makeup, and the other was 25 and a bunch of young boy makeup.

But if he puts it together, that was very interesting.

Right.

What is young boy makeup?

Rosy cheeks.

Be on your feet.

Lollipop.

Can I ask what's the format of aluminum chef?

Oh, yeah, for sure.

Billy.

Have you ever seen?

You've seen Iron Chef, obviously.

I have, yeah.

So it's too.

It's nothing like that, right?

It's nothing like that.

In that show.

Is Morimoto involved?

Well, Morimoto is not involved in ours.

It's Les-a-modo, right?

Les-a-modo.

Yeah, he stops by quickly, we could say.

It's the same guy.

He's just there for less time.

Les-a-modo.

His name is just Moto.

Yeah.

Oh, I had no idea.

He says Morimoto when he wants a big job.

I just hope it's really him, because if it's you.

Yeah, it's kind of a Mickey Rooney, breakfast and Tiffany's kind of thing.

You go very big.

Here's what I think.

If it's convincing, it's not offensive.

Well, then it's offensive.

What are you talking about?

Everybody loved Kutcher.

Yes.

Doing that pop chips ad.

Yes.

Wait, what?

Kutcher, where he dresses up as the Indian and it passes.

Oh, right.

Yeah, they love that.

So what's wrong with the?

No, but anyway.

That's actually one of our productions.

Really?

Can you not afford other actors?

No, we can only afford Kutcher.

You guys produce?

You produce your pop chips?

Yes.

Wow.

They were on our set.

Yeah.

They were on our set that day, which is the, what is that?

The shed in the back of my yard.

What is that?

What do we call that?

The shed.

It's the tiny shed.

The lawnmower shed.

Sorry.

It's where he keeps his lawnmower.

And you guys have cameras.

You have equipment.

Some.

Well, yeah.

Some is better than none.

We have one battery.

So if the battery dies, we have to go dark.

The cameras are all in great shape.

Some of the batteries are dead.

Or if you want to change angles, you got to take the battery out of one camera and move it to the other.

Yeah.

We'll change angles on what the show is all the time.

We'll change angles mid-shoot.

Is that what you're talking about?

Yeah.

That's what I.

OK.

What are some of your other shows?

We've got Decent Eats with Almonds Brown.

Yeah.

Who's Almonds Brown?

Well, I'm Billy.

And now let's say Almonds Brown is a 65-year-old man.

It's you.

Convincing.

It's not me.

Almonds Brown is a convincing 65-year-old man that walks in the background of Billy teaching you how to cook with beets.

It's just crazy to me because I love these shows, but it's obviously Humpty Dumpty and You.

What?

What are you talking about?

It's obviously who's in these shows.

OK.

This is unbelievable.

I'm Billy, not Humpty Dumpty.

You must not have seen Chopping.

Yeah.

Have you not seen Chopping?

Wait, what's Chopping?

Chopping is one of your shows?

Have you ever seen Chopped?

Yeah, I've seen Chopped.

OK.

They have four contestants who come and get a secret basket of ingredients.

Sure.

Well, this is a karate show.

It's a secret basket?

This is a karate show where you hold up a salmon and you have to chop.

You're chopping through a salmon with your hands.

It's if four different contestants can chop through a different food item.

Almost like a hot butter through, or a hot knife through butter.

It's a hot butter through knife in this one, actually.

Right, yeah.

A lot easier.

Yeah, basically it's ineffectual.

It doesn't do anything.

And in this show, the contestants are never in the same shot at the same time, and they're all different ages and races, I know.

Right.

Yes, that's why it's called chopping.

We really chop together the show.

Yeah, very edited.

It's very edited.

Yeah, so you guys figure out the right eye lines for people?

What's an eye line?

OK, yeah.

Eye liner?

I find it interesting you're leaving these shows in DVD format, which is an old format, in HDMI cables, which is a high definition format.

Well, we explained that wrong.

We're burning DVDs.

Yeah, and you stuff them into the packaging of HDMI cables at breakfast.

That's right.

A burnt DVD that is unusable.

You're burning them in what?

In the kitchen?

Yeah, in a fireplace or ovens.

You have a fireplace in the kitchen?

Yes.

How do you cook, Scott?

Yeah, we use ovens.

Wood burning oven, obviously.

I only eat pizza.

Exactly.

Oh, pizza.

We love it.

Have you ever tried to cook anything else in a wood burning oven, by the way?

Yeah.

Why would you?

That's a pun.

I like that.

Oh, why would you?

I didn't even realize.

Is that another show idea you have?

Why would you?

Yeah, yeah.

The network unfortunately passed on that.

Yeah, we passed.

Wait, who's the head of the network?

Because I've met with the head of that network and it seems a lot like you.

That's funny you would say that because it's not me.

It's two people.

Yeah, it's two people at the same time.

Let me guess, is one an old man and one's a really young man?

Yeah, one is pizza feet.

And yes, and the meeting happens at the same time.

And it just so happens that they have to use the bathroom a lot.

Yeah, I don't know why they keep switching in and out, Mrs. Doubtfire.

It's a tactic.

You have hot flashes, too.

One of them's a Scottish nanny.

Yes, yes.

You had hot flashes during our last meeting and had to run out.

I did.

I had hot flashes.

You had hot flashes?

You pushed my face into a pie.

Yeah, hey.

And hey.

That's a show.

Were you in character after that or not?

You were in character after that.

Yes, I did go, ooh.

Exactly.

Exactly, so it worked is what I like to think.

And so how are your ratings?

Are you able to track these at all?

Well, I rate us pretty high.

I'd say a solid effort and the product is getting there.

Yeah, what about the Nielsen's?

Have you met the Nielsen families?

I don't like them.

Great family.

They gave us a zero.

Great family.

Yeah, let me guess.

It was an old man with his son and a Scottish nanny.

And her billy.

So they rated very high.

Well, the Neilson's.

You're talking about the real Nielsen's?

Yeah, the Neilson's.

The Neilson's.

That's different.

They're the people who rate us and they're very, very, very good.

They rate us very high.

It is a 65-year-old man and his 12-year-old son.

Right.

And they're real.

Are you able to sell commercials at all?

How are you making money?

I don't know.

I mean, you've only been around for a month or two, you say, and you're struggling.

Well, it's interesting.

We have made a lot of money.

I've been sort of dressing up in a costume, I admit, and coming out of a book.

This one you admit about?

Yeah, I do.

This is a costume.

And I sort of hide in the bush at gas stations and I sort of step out.

Wait, do you have a big vest?

Yes, I have a very big vest.

I don't know how that implies that you're a con man.

Yeah, but then I have a big vest.

Well, because what's going on under the vest?

What's going on under there?

Has he got watches under there?

Is he selling them?

Yeah, that's true.

So I see.

So you can do not sell watches from under the vest.

I do not sell watches under my vest.

There's nothing in seminars.

Oh, really?

This happens to us a lot.

I didn't want to say it.

We bought a ton of ad space from one of those guys at a gas station the other day.

Do you have anything to advertise?

What are you advertising?

Well, we're kind of trying to cook something up now.

We bought the ad space and figured that would get the creative juices flowing.

OK.

So you're painting yourself into a corner there?

Yeah, yeah.

Well, we pitched on it.

Yeah, yeah.

We got a couple of, we want shirts that can stay tucked in.

We're thinking about that.

Yeah.

Un-untuckables.

We want pants that tuck into your shirt.

So pants that go underneath the shirt tails?

You tuck your pants up underneath your shirt.

And then the pants somehow suck the shirt in.

Because the bottom of the shirt is tight, and the top of the pants is loose.

I get it.

You want to show off the bottom of your shirt, you don't want to show off the top of your pants.

So you don't need a belt.

Yeah, we were thinking about two-show socks.

Two-show socks?

What?

Not no-show, but two-show.

They show too much.

So you wear these socks over your shoes.

You pull them all the way up over your head.

And then you pull them all the way up over your head.

So yeah, we're just kicking them.

Like you're the Grinch's dog or something?

Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.

Well, we were inspired by him.

OK.

Yeah, a lot of our stuff is Grinch-based material.

Really?

You have other Grinch-based material?

Yeah, look at my smile.

Christmas is not for a few months, so I don't want you to get too Christmasy.

I've been stealing gifts.

We have a Grinch-based show too.

You do?

Yeah, it's called Salad.

OK.

It's all about the green.

Yeah.

OK.

But if you look pretty closely, there's a Grinch walking around in the background.

OK.

Yeah, we got the real Grinch.

Yeah.

Because what it looks like is somehow you guys stole the Grinch costume.

The Grinch?

No, no, no, no.

We got the real Grinch.

That's the real Grinch.

Jim Carrey Grinch or Benedict Cumberbatch Grinch?

The real Grinch.

Just the real Grinch.

The guy that it's all based on.

We got the Grinch that the stories are based on.

The true Grinch.

Aesop's fables Grinch.

He knows Aesop's fable Grinch.

What's his personality?

He's a hothead.

Yeah.

He is a real hothead.

What percentage of the people you work with are hotheads, by the way?

100.

50?

150?

150%?

Everybody and sometimes time and a half.

It feels like we're working golden hour with these hotheads.

So Chris, you're a bit of a hothead.

Is that what I'm getting?

Oh.

You should see this guy.

He'll eat some hot tamales.

You know what?

It's become too much of an issue.

I think I need to come clean about something.

OK.

I need to come clean.

Finally.

OK, please.

Seriously.

Finally.

I've been waiting.

I mean, you guys obviously think that all the extras in all of our shows are me, OK?

And I'm going to come clean.

I'd say the speaking players, too.

Yeah.

Mostly the speaking players.

You give yourself do me lines.

The kitchen owners, the Nielsen's.

I think now is as good a time as any to admit it.

Sure.

OK?

We blow our whole budget on getting all of our actors.

Those are real actors.

They are not me.

That's not what we call them.

They are not me.

They're not me at all.

Those are real actors.

We get them on Actors X's.

Yes.

I think we also have to tell another truth.

What's that?

You're not admitting anything.

You're just lying again.

We came before the Food Network.

I can't.

I'm just telling the truth.

These are all just lies.

No.

These are things that we've been holding back because we're ashamed.

I can see your fingers crossed behind your head.

And in front of you.

I have a question.

Your egg-shaped head.

All of a sudden, you are sniffing out scams.

And I just want to say I am very impressed with your personal growth over the course of this.

I was stupid at the beginning of this, but I'm getting smarter.

It's almost like you went back to school.

Like, you're right.

Well, sometimes when a stupider person comes into the room, it wakes you up.

Yeah.

Right.

And that happens to me frequently.

I walk into the room saying, I'm a human man.

I am six feet tall.

I'm real.

And suddenly, yeah.

Everybody gets smarter.

Well, look, we need to take a break.

You guys can stick around.

Love to.

Anyone else coming in a little later?

An old man?

A little boy?

Do we need to hire some extras for later on?

We might.

We've got a few.

I got a couple with me.

We'll see what happens.

I feel pretty sturdy in my seat, so I'll say put it.

You're certainly not going to fall off at all.

I don't think so.

We do need to take a break.

We'll be right back with more Luke and Matthew.

More Chris and Billy.

More Emily.

We'll be right back.

Comedy Bang Bang, we're back here with Emily Heller.

Her album Pasta coming out in November.

In the vague November area.

Yes.

And Pasta, I mean, does that give you guys any ideas, Chris and Billy?

I'm dry.

I'm fresh out.

Really?

No ideas.

Can I pitch the TV adaptation of my album?

Sure.

All right.

Yeah, sure.

Sure.

Yeah.

I mean, it's just the album, but it's animated with actual pasta.

Like anthropomorphic pasta?

Like a stop motion kind of deal?

That's good.

Or if we could actually like Frankenstein animated it.

Oh, you know what?

I think I know a pasta guy.

A man who's pasta.

You do.

I can hire a man who is pasta.

You know a man who's made of pasta?

I know a man who's made of pasta.

I was hoping for a woman, but OK.

Oh, you know what?

OK.

You should be a man in your show.

You should be a man on your show on our good network.

Oh, you know what?

I see he's on the Von's app right now.

You know what?

Also, I think I know a woman who's pasta as well.

When I'm here looking at Zappos trying to find pasta shoes, thinking there's something to this.

There's definitely something to this.

So in your show about your stand up album, I run around New York City with pasta on my feet.

And there you go.

I see this going for 10 seasons.

10 seasons?

And a movie.

And a movie?

Yeah, hopefully.

Famous phrase.

Yeah.

10 seasons and a movie.

We also have Luke and Matthew here.

They are television personalities and con men.

Not Jewish yet.

Not Jewish.

Really?

No one's convinced you?

What can we do to push you over the edge?

Well, we're just looking for a Jew to come in and convince us.

We'll see.

Rosh Hashanah?

Maybe.

You're really throwing it out there of ways you could be convinced.

Maybe.

I mean, we're working hard.

We'd just like to see someone.

Do you guys have any sort of religion right now?

Yeah, I mean, we're Christians.

You are.

So someone could convince you that Christ was only a man.

Yeah, we're willing to throw out the whole New Testament.

We're on the fence about the New Testament.

What if I told you that Jesus was Jewish?

Wow.

Whoa.

Well, then maybe we are in.

Yeah, I'm on board.

Take this cross off.

All right, it's just going to cost you $360.

Packies off.

Wait, why are you taking it?

Guys, don't strip.

Put on Jewish pants.

What kind of pants are those?

They're tattooing themselves.

You can't tattoo yourselves.

You're not going to be able to be buried.

Yeah.

Oh, look at that, it's a rabbi.

You got a tattoo of a rabbi?

Do me.

You're Jewish?

All right, what are you tattooing on?

Oh.

Oh, guys, I don't know if you guys can make those jokes yet with those pictures.

You just became Jewish.

Those are pretty broad pictures.

We're basing them on his character.

Nah, whose character?

Yours.

Wait, hey, and don't you dare tattoo me.

I can't have any identifying marks on my skin.

Those are like Nazi propaganda symbols or something.

Yeah, look at the toes on that rabbi.

Geez.

What are you talking about?

You're the ones who did it to each other.

What are you talking about, Scott?

These are chill cartoons.

Chill.

Well, we have one feature to go on the show, of course.

It's something that we play every single week.

It's a little something called Would You Rather.

Would You Rather.

All right, it's time to play Would You Rather.

We all know how this is played, of course.

People send us Would You Rather scenarios to our Twitter, which is at CBBWYR.

We play it every single week, and so we pick from these.

What I'll do is I'll read one of these situations that someone has sent aloud, and then I will open the floor for questions.

Please don't ask any questions before I open the floor.

I will have to dock you points.

Once I do, you're free to ask any and every question that comes to your mind.

At a certain point, I will close the floor for questions.

There will be no warning whatsoever regarding that.

I will then ask you your choice.

I will tally up the points.

We will assign a winner, and that is how we play.

All right, everyone good with this?

Everyone all good?

Yes.

Does the hair keep growing?

Wait, you asked a question before I opened it.

I'm sorry.

I jumped the gun.

I'm sorry.

Which one are you, Luke or Matthew?

Matthew, I think.

I'm going to have to dock you points.

Are you guys playing as teams, or are you playing individually?

We will play as a team, Luke and Matthew.

You're going to play as a team.

You're going to put up all your money collectively?

You're codependently wealthy?

Yes.

It'll get my wife out of the house, absolutely.

Right, Scott?

And I'm Billy, and I'm here alone, so I'll probably just play by myself.

And I'll be playing.

You're a new person.

I'll be playing.

Who's this?

Who are you, sir?

I'm Chris's son.

I'm going to be playing with my daddy.

Why do you have white hair and old age makeup?

Huh?

I think he was having a hot flash.

He just shoved my face into a pie.

Woo-hoo!

All right.

Let's, while we're waiting for a little boy to come in, we will...

Hello.

I'm back.

I mean...

Woo!

Oh!

Mere my face into a pie.

Woo!

Worked again.

All right.

Let's read one of these scenarios.

This comes to us from Adam Rowlingson, aka Rowle- Rowle-y-polly.

Rowle-y-polly.

I get it.

Rowle-y-polly.

Yeah, he asks, would you rather die from drowning in a septic tank or survive drowning in a septic tank?

I am opening the floor for questions.

Ooh, getting in early.

Chris.

No, I'm sorry, Luke.

Wait, and now Emily wants to get in.

Oh my God, it's a war for who's...

I bet it's the same question.

Should we just say it at the same time?

Yeah, why don't you say it in unison?

Yeah.

Is it a euseptic tank?

No, it's actually a pristine one.

They just constructed it.

They just poured in all the septic material right before.

In fact, you're the one who is pouring in.

It's your septic tank.

So when you're in it, it is full of things?

Yes, of course.

And you're shit?

Yeah, basically it's just a big toilet that you have perched above.

And there's someone whose job it is to fill the toilet the first time with all their own shit?

Yes, that's your job.

And then you go, uh-oh, oh no, I fell.

So in order to fill it, how many meals do I get to eat?

Yeah, without shitting previously.

Well, or it's just like I have to eat a bunch of meals and then shit over and over again in order to fill the tank, right?

Right, yeah.

It's approximately a fortnight.

Are those meals paid for?

They are, yes.

Okay.

You get a per diem, and you can spend it on the meals if you want, or you can pocket it and buy something cheap, whatever you like.

Okay.

Yeah, but you're not allowed to shit in that two-week period.

Oh, it's not just a cumulative- No, it is cumulative.

But I mean like I'm not shitting and then collecting that shit and then pouring it in the tank.

Oh, no, no, no, you have to keep it in the tank as they say it.

I have to keep it in my tank, okay.

And then transfer it into the other tank.

All right.

Yeah.

Is a cork provided?

Oh, absolutely.

Okay.

Yes, but there is a corkage fee.

Those are tough.

How does the corkage fee compare to my per diem?

It's about equal.

Fuck.

Yeah.

So you really want to just keep it up in there by some other means.

Fingers?

Can I, I have another question.

Okay.

Oh, sure.

I'm dominating the questions.

She's running away with this.

Guys.

Do you get points just for asking questions?

Yeah, of course.

No.

That was a question.

If I survive the septic tank, are there any permanent injuries?

Absolutely, yes.

Absolutely.

You have basically, well, you have your fingers up your butt.

Right.

But then I take them out.

And they break off sort of like a hot knife through butter once you fall in there.

I'm not following that metaphor, but okay.

So my fingers break off.

Wait, but this is in the septic tank?

This is once I finally uncork it.

Well, you fall down, it breaks off.

So you have two fingers up your butt, which are irretrievable.

All the king's horses, all the king's men.

Exactly.

Yeah.

And if you're an egg and you fall, then you're dying either way.

There's no way to survive this.

Wait.

Okay.

But I, so you're in the tank, you're unplugged, you're drowning yourself in your own pee and diarrhea.

Yes.

Is this, or solid.

It did have to be diarrhea.

Yes it does.

Is this like covered by the news once you're saved?

Absolutely.

That's my question.

Local news, not national news.

My question is going to be, does any of your buddies know that this happened?

Well, you know, the foods channel, I believe might be covering this.

Well we have a show just like this.

Oh you do?

Yeah, called septic tank.

Oh.

It's where people come pitch their bad meal ideas.

Yeah.

Is Mr. Wonderful involved?

Well, Mr. Good.

Mr. Tootiful?

Mr. Pretty Good.

Yeah, Mr. Pretty Good.

We got, uh.

We got Mark Peruvian.

And then we got two other guys.

You know them.

Two other guys.

They're food network people with different names.

Got it.

Here's my question for the actual thing.

Yeah.

If I die, can it become public?

And if I live, can it be a secret?

Well if you're an egg, you're going to die either way.

Okay.

So, but you're not an egg, right?

Exactly.

Yeah.

And we've done Easter before.

You've been died then and it was fine.

Yeah, that's right.

I've died many a time.

There's also that like school experiment where you like figure out how to drop an egg off a building.

Right, yeah.

With a parachute.

So maybe they can do that.

None of this stresses me out.

It's fine.

You are sweating right now.

Okay.

But it's almost as if you know you're being hard boiled or something like that because it's just perspiration, you know.

Well, I mean he is sitting on a chair that looks like a pot.

Yeah.

And it's full of hot water.

So I don't know what's going on.

I think somebody's playing a trick here.

It seems like somebody might be playing a trick.

So it seems like almost like you guys are being conned.

Oh, wow.

Yeah.

We ain't conned.

The tables have turned.

Well, I'm in either way.

Is there a show called The Tables Have Turned on your network, by the way?

Yes.

It's good.

Yeah.

Mario Batali comes on the show, a lookalike, and comes on and he says- An offensive lookalike?

An offensive lookalike?

Like a stereotype?

No, I think it's very authentic.

I think it's very authentic and he passes.

No, it's offensive to both Italians and fat people.

And he comes on and he says, this food is an Italian and he flips the table, turns them to a- Jesus did that one time in the market.

Yeah.

No, he did.

That was the temple, actually.

That didn't exist, actually, anymore.

What?

Wasn't it in the temple?

In the temple?

Yeah, it never happened.

Yeah, that never happened.

We don't believe that anymore.

What are you adding to his tattoo?

Oh, he's adding a Jesus.

So now they're Jews for Jesus.

Doing his own this time.

It's just a picture of a foreskin with a circle and a line through it.

I ain't afraid of no foreskin.

So you're using the Ghostbusters theme about foreskin.

Yes.

Okay.

I got one more question.

Yes, of course.

Chris.

Ballpark-wise, how long does it take for you to drown in that poop?

Third base.

And poos on first?

Poos on first.

Exactly.

And if this has happened to you before, are people going to be like, how did this happen again to you?

Yeah, maybe.

There might be an element of that.

I don't know if you can control people's reactions to this.

I have a question about the life rights of if I survive, do I get exclusive life rights to the story?

To your own life?

To my own life story.

I don't know if it's like, if the tank was designed by someone else, is there an intellectual proposition?

Right.

If you're at work, do they retain some rights?

You sign away all the rights immediately before taking the tumble.

So I'm sorry.

And so does it become canon in whatever story you were already living?

It's canon in the Marvel extended universe.

Okay, good.

Not canon in Star Wars.

So you don't have to rewrite your rhyme.

Okay, good.

Okay.

Yes, Emily.

I don't.

Coming in hot.

She's got so many points.

I don't own the rights.

But if at Comic Con I want to dress up like myself, can I charge for autographs?

You know, that's a stinky situation because a lot of those people.

Stinky situations is what I meant because you're still covered in poo at Comic Con.

Stinky and sticky.

Yeah, exactly.

All right.

I've closed the floor for questions.

I told you.

I didn't get an answer.

I'm going to go to the morning.

And find out if the hair keeps growing.

All right, let's see how you'd like to vote.

Let's see.

Let's go over to Emily first.

How are you?

Which is you have so many points for so many questions.

Let's see if you can keep that momentum going.

I think that I think I'm just going to die.

You're going to die.

So you choose dying.

Why is that?

Because Trump is president.

Am I right people?

So it doesn't have anything to do with the actual situation.

No.

You're just advocating for everyone to commit suicide.

Yeah, yeah.

I just figured like I don't have the guts to do it myself, but if I'm going to be in a septic tank, I'm hungry.

If it happens, though, it happens.

If it happens, it happens.

Yeah.

So, you know, death by cop, whatever way.

Suicide by cop, I mean.

And if I can't write the book about it, you know, what's the point?

Yeah, that's a good point.

I mean, you know, that's what Luke and Matthew once said.

All right.

I don't mean you guys.

I mean, the ones that don't exist.

Yeah, that never happened.

Yeah.

All right.

Let's let's go over to speaking of Luke and Matthew.

They're playing as a team.

Let's go over to you guys.

Well, we've had a little conversation and we are we will invest.

How much money?

Let me take a look at your shirt.

Your shirt up?

Yeah.

Oh, my God.

Oh, wow.

Yeah.

How do you have that much money?

Two point three, two point three, six, two point three, two point three, six.

Which one are you investing in?

Are you investing in the tank?

Yes.

We'd like to buy this murderous septic tank.

We've talked about it and we want it.

Or Kevorkian tank, whichever you prefer.

OK, so for two point three, six.

Yes.

OK, great.

All right.

Now, let's let's go over to the little boy who walked in the room.

What is your name, young lad?

My name is Chris.

I mean, oh, oh, no.

Now my face is in a pie.

All right.

Well, now let's go over to Billy over here.

Billy, yes.

Where how are you going to vote?

You know, I think I'd like to be in the tank and live through it and live through it to tell the story.

I think to rich in my story.

OK, now, you know that, however, if you are an egg, there's no way to live.

Yeah.

So all the king's horses and all the king's men couldn't get Humpty out of the septic tank again.

I don't know those guys.

I don't know them.

So I'll probably just be a human in a septic tank.

Get out.

No problem.

You don't know those guys.

Do you know what a horse is?

What's a horseman?

You should watch Barry.

I should watch Barry.

Yeah.

I need to.

Season two.

I've been meaning to.

I just got my HBO Go hooked up.

You did.

That stuff is good.

Well, you've got that show, Billy.

Yeah.

It's about you.

You as an assassin.

Yeah, it's about a murderous egg.

Wearing taco shoes.

All right, well, let's go Billy on the street.

Let's tally up all the points.

Let's see the young boy never voted.

So zero points.

Then we have Luke and Matthew, who also similarly did not vote, but are just investing and spending a fortune.

One of their many.

Roly poly 2.36 coming right out.

We also now we have Emily who's racked up so many points during the questioning period, but then voted incorrectly.

So we're going to have to.

This is censorship because I got political.

Yeah.

Sorry, but we need to silence you.

I'm going to shadow ban you right now.

So sorry.

So negative one point.

You're upset and weak in the knees, but don't sit in that chair.

And that leaves us with, we have Billy over here.

Looks like you're our winner.

So you're going to get in the tank.

All right.

That's how we play.

Would you rather?

So we're going to get you up in this tank here.

We just don't push down too hard.

Okay.

Let's bring it in guys.

That sounds like all the King's horses.

No, I just, you know, I don't want to do the tank anymore.

I'm just going to spring it up.

Sorry.

You won.

I'll just stay seated.

Oh, hello.

Oh my God.

Is that the King?

That's supposed to be the King's men.

What an old King that is.

I'm here with the tank of Dukey.

And I'm Billy.

And here son, walk up this ladder.

I don't know if I can make it up the ladder with these slippery pizzas on.

There we go.

And jump.

I got to jump?

Yes.

I don't feel comfortable jumping.

Do you want us to push you?

I'd like to sit on the opening and you guys can, you guys maybe light a match, maybe light a match and then I'll sit on the opening and get sucked in.

Like pants inside a shirt?

Yeah, I kind of like that.

Okay.

Well, all right.

So you're sitting at the top of your, on the ledge here.

I'm perched, yes.

I'll just assault you just a little bit here.

Yeah, that's fine.

Yeah.

Do you have money for the corkage fee?

Shoot.

Yeah.

Here you go.

Here's 10.

And uh, all right.

God, that smells really bad.

He's doing the Terminator 2 thing.

He's changing through all his.

Little Miss Muffet.

And now I'm going to take off this wig and this jacket.

Chris.

It's me, baby.

It's me.

Will you force change?

I'm going to take off this jacket.

I'm going to take off this wig and this jacket.

I'm going to take off this jacket.

I think you got it drowned, bro.

Is this Judaism?

I think so.

It's about as confusing.

I love it.

I think this is Judaism.

All right.

We're running out of time here.

We just have one last feature on the show, and it is a little something called Plugs.

Plug, plug, plug, plug, plug, plug, plug, plug, plug, plug, plug, plug, plug, plug, plug.

Plug your holes.

Oh, wow.

Jermaine to this conversation.

That was Plug Your Holes by Bubster.

It's too late.

Too late.

All right.

What are we plugging, Emily?

What do we have here?

We got an album called Pasta.

It's coming out in November.

Pasta!

You can say that without being like an offensive stereotype.

I choose to be an offensive stereotype every time.

I can say it without being one, but I refuse.

You choose to.

Yeah.

And, you know, watch Barry.

Watch the Emmys.

The Emmys that have already occurred?

That have already occurred.

Just go back on your DVR.

Sure.

See what happened.

No spoilers.

All right.

And let's see.

Luke and Matthew, what do you plug in here?

Well, uh, let's see.

Well, we got to get rid of a lot of merchandise.

Yeah, check us out on QVC.

Check us out on QVC.

We are nominated for most pointless show for the Emmys.

Oh, wow.

So go back in DVR to see if you...

Yeah, see if we won and got yelled at.

Yeah, and you know because they already occurred, but you're just saying.

Yes.

Just go back and look.

And listen to the teacher's lounge album.

Stitcher Premium.

Wait, is that like a con?

What's that?

Is that a con?

Yeah, we were forced to put on a podcast by the man in the vest.

So Stitcher Premium is like a con to get people to pay for podcasts?

Yeah, yeah.

We're all conned men.

Or no, we're con men, but we've been conned.

Right, yeah.

So you just figured out the premise of your own thing.

Yes.

Okay, great.

Now I got it.

Okay, good, good.

And let's see.

Chris.

Yeah, you know, I think I now got to plug, you know, you should check out all of the all of my now dearly deceased friends show.

Is he deceased yet, by the way?

I think we didn't get an update on him.

Let's do it.

Okay, well, you know, hopefully maybe he makes it out.

If not, you can check out all of his shows.

Billy on the Food, Aluminum Chef Billy.

All those shows, obviously.

Also, I got to throw a good plug into the old teacher's lounge as well.

Oh, yeah.

You know what?

It's a good podcast, and I love it.

So I think you should listen to that.

You have tears in your eyes.

Yeah, I'm going through a lot right now.

My best friends are soaking in DVD.

Everybody who loves the teacher's lounge is in a sort of state of desperation.

Yeah, so, you know, check it out.

You know, check out the food channel at your local Best Buy and the cables.

You can find a burnt DVD there.

Sure, yeah.

If you see a singed DVD, then.

And don't look, by the way, for the movie burnt.

No.

In the DVD section.

Good movie, by the way.

Good.

Oh, hey.

He's back and he's towelling off.

Wow, so you.

That was nice.

His skin actually looks really good.

So wait, you are not an egg.

So you made it.

Thank you.

Wow.

Thank you very much.

He's a full chicken now.

Wow.

All right, let's close up the old plug bag.

Whoa, what a bag, it's time to open it.

It's time to open it.

It's time to open the bag.

Time to open the bag.

Open the bag.

All right, guys, I want to thank our guests.

Emily, so great to have you on the show for the first time and hopefully not the last time.

Thank you for having me.

I'll come back tomorrow.

OK, great.

See you then.

And Luke and Matthew, you are not invited back, unfortunately.

Oh, come on.

We need to, we got to sell our stuff.

What else you got?

Oh, now this you're going to.

Oh, we're so happy you asked.

Oh, yeah.

Let's see.

What do we have in here?

You're happy I asked, but you can't.

Have you been trying to shop for a loved one for an upcoming anniversary or Valentine's Day?

Oh, of course, yeah.

Valentine's Day is just mere months away.

OK.

How about 17 tons of steel?

Just in what?

In like?

Big, long blocks.

OK, like girders or?

Is that for the sixth year anniversary?

Yes, yeah.

It really can be early on.

It's never too early to get a gift.

You can melt this stuff down.

You can make all kind of stuff out of it.

Now, there are major tariffs on specifically us for the steel.

Oh, OK.

Oh, no.

But for just the low, low price of 43 bucks.

43 bucks?

Yes.

43 bucks?

Box.

43 boxes of what?

43 bucks.

That means it's a, yeah, it's a deal.

If we say bucks.

Oh, OK.

OK.

All right.

Do you understand?

No.

Do you get that?

No.

You only use the word bucks when it's a deal.

OK, sure.

And Chris and Billy, thank you guys.

You're not an egg, Billy.

No, I'm Billy.

You're Billy, of course.

He's Billy.

And you're always Chris, right?

I'm always Chris.

Definitely.

I will never be back on this show, but I've got some friends that I could recommend for you.

Oh, OK.

Who would love to have the opportunity.

Most of them are in the age ranges of 9 to 12 and 6 to 1 to 66.

And then everybody else on the show gets their face pied.

Yeah.

Hey, hey.

I can't predict the future.

I ain't no clairvoyant.

You aren't?

No.

I know I look like one.

What?

I know I'm dressed like one.

You're not?

No.

You thought he was a clairvoyant?

Why am I your partner?

This sucks.

Did he con you into starting this whole network by saying that he was a clairvoyant and you would be successful?

I met him at a gas station.

I said the prophecy is fulfilled.

You're a condiment too.

I got low confidence because I'm not an egg.

All right, guys.

We'll see you next time.

Thanks.

Bye.

you Thank you.
