---
layout: page
title: 570. David Wain, Thomas Middleditch, Shaun Diston [https：⧸⧸cloudfront.wolfpub.io⧸CBB-570-20180906-WainMiddleditch-RCv01-PW.mp3].mp3.wav
category: cbb 
---

♪ Skype is a brand of mouthwash in Australia. Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

Hmm, informational, if not funny.

Thank you to Ben Jammin for that catchphrase submission, and welcome to Comedy Bang Bang for another week.

And what a week it is.

Coming up a little later, we'll have a California native.

Brody Broderson will be here.

And self-proclaimed fan favorite, Rudy North will also be here.

That's very exciting.

Professional dirtbag, as I recall.

And speaking of dirtbags, our first guest is not one.

He is one of our most treasured, treasured guests ever since the old days, back in the old, old studio.

You know him as the director and co-writer of Wet Hot American Summer, director of several other movies.

What are his other credits?

Magician of Note.

Although, to my knowledge, has not performed professionally in a professional capacity anywhere that I know of, that I could buy tickets to.

I don't know.

He's holding up a fist, but I don't know whether he's threatening me or whether he's perfecting whatever it is he's drawing.

He's currently sketching something on a paper right in front of me.

Please welcome David Wain.

Hello.

Welcome to the show.

Thank you very much.

You know, not enough people welcome me to the show.

Just because you're the host doesn't mean that you do not deserve a welcome.

And welcome back.

Welcome back.

During that introduction, you threw me for a loop, because you were talking.

And then you were like, speaking of dirt bags.

And I'm like, now wait a minute.

OK.

This guy's going to.

Take me through the process.

Here's what was going through my mind.

I'm like, this guy's about to lay the dirt bag moniker on me.

What?

No.

And I'm like, first of all, even in jest, that would be pretty rough.

I agree.

Because if I were just, as they say, joking around, and I were to say something like that, I personally would get very offended by that and say, wait a minute.

Does David think that about me?

There is a line, right?

Yeah.

I mean, abortion, for example.

Sure.

Now.

And where do you fall on that?

I slice it right down the middle.

Oh, dear.

Slice.

So then you turned it around, though.

And you're like, here's a guy who is not a dirt bag.

Right, and that's what I meant to say.

I would have introduced you as such, regardless of the previous person I was talking about.

Well, I got to tell you, the relief that shot through every limb of my body, I'm talking about left arm, right arm.

Sure.

What else you got?

Left leg.

Got it.

I know there are others.

It was just insane.

And now here I am.

I'm happy.

I'm relaxed.

I'm happy for my current status of not a dirt bag.

Very good.

Well, I'm glad that you're relaxed.

You are ready to do the show.

You are ready, by the way.

I did not ask you whether you were ready before we started.

I am ready.

And if I am not ready, I certainly will be ready in about 25 minutes.

OK, great.

We'll check back in with you then.

I do have news.

Oh, great.

OK.

We're breaking some news, all right?

Do we need to break into other podcasts here?

Yeah.

What if you're listening to cereal and suddenly we broke in?

This is probably important enough for that.

OK.

What do you got?

If you are currently listening to another podcast and not this one, please pause that one and start this one.

OK.

I am newly an official magician member of the Academy of Magical Arts, which is the group at the Magic Castle in LA.

Really?

So does that mean you are performing, or does that mean you are just merely a scholar?

No, it means as a magician member, I can perform there any time.

And will you be performing?

Because I will make another jaunt out there to the castle, as they call it.

Have you ever called it the castle?

No, that's a little.

Sorry.

I'm not a member of the.

I'm a member, but that's inside, inside, inside.

Oh, OK.

Yeah.

The Magic Castle is fine.

OK.

Yeah.

But I would make a trip to the Magic Castle to see you were you ever to perform.

Well, there are these little spaces around the castle, little rooms or little corners and tables.

And as a member, I can go and just sit wherever and people crowd around and I'll do it.

And I'm good.

So we'll do that.

Some night, please.

Would you tell me when I'll dig up a tie and some comfortable loafers?

You got to dress up.

Yeah, I was as a kid.

I always dreamed about going to the Magic Castle just to dress up or to see the magic.

No, just because I dreamed about dressing up.

My parents would not allow me to dress nicely.

Really?

What was their psychology of that?

You know, it was the 60s when I was born.

OK, sure.

And that was the idea was like, hey, we don't trust people at time.

Yeah, right.

My parents made me wear ratty T-shirts and ripped up dungarees.

Also ties and belts and shoelaces can be used to hang yourself.

Exactly.

And sure enough, when they finally gave in and got me a pair of Nikes, I tried to hang myself.

Really?

It seems like all of your dreams are coming true.

You have a pair of Nikes, by the way, Nike.

Well, in the news a little while ago.

A month ago or so.

Yeah, some time ago.

Maybe even a month, six weeks or so ago.

Could currently be in the news now for all we know.

Exactly.

We haven't checked our news feeds this morning.

Maybe we'll get a breaking news in the middle of this.

The founder of Nike, I forget his name, Phil something.

Phil.

It's if he.

Phil.

I don't know his name.

It's not really coming off the tongue.

It's not really Phil.

Nike Phil.

No, I'm not.

Well, anyway, because we're taping this a little bit in advance, just in case he died, I am so sorry.

So sorry.

Let's apologize for the head of Nike, Phil, Mr. Phil.

It's Phil Nike.

I'm sorry.

Phil Nike.

I have to step in.

Hi, who's it?

It's Thomas Middleditch.

Hi, Thomas.

Wait a minute.

Thomas Middleditch.

Thomas Middleditch from Silicon Valley?

Just been sitting here really enjoying the conversation.

It's Phil and Nike.

Where are you doing listening to the show?

Just a big fan, longtime fan.

Just sitting in the shadowy corner?

Yeah, first time lurker.

Love lurking.

I got to say, whether it's Sex and the City or Sopranos, I love all the stuff on your network.

Great job.

Yeah.

The real sex?

Yeah.

That's going away, right?

Thank god.

Did you ever used to like to know that the minute Silicon Valley would end, that someone would be immediately jerking off right after your show?

And now they won't be.

Was that the order?

I thought it was John Oliver afterwards.

That's what I mean.

I always jerk off at the end just because it was so terrific, so rewritten.

It's just like, I want to celebrate.

Yeah.

Thomas, so good to see you.

Do you know David Wain here?

Yeah, of course.

We've high fived before.

Really?

Oh, yeah.

Can I see an example of that?

Well, it's not something that's going to translate so well on the radio, but here we go.

OK.

Wow, that's pretty good.

I mean, honestly, as sounds go, I would put that on a sound effect record.

We had a pretty good time with it.

Yeah.

That was great.

I mean, that was one of the most satisfying high fives I've had in about 10 years.

By the way, I actually have a sound effects record that I'd like to play another selection from.

Oh, yes, please.

This one, this track is called Horse Running Through Stables.

Running Through Stables.

OK, so we'll hear the sounds of stables being knocked down.

There's different ones.

Yeah, OK.

OK.

Hey, get out of the stables.

It's a long stables.

Oh, wow.

Yeah, at the very end I heard.

Unfortunately, the stable master, when I was recording this one, got in the way.

But if you're using it in, say, a movie or TV show, you can cut that part out.

Probably cut that part out.

Or just fade the faders down.

So it would be like, hey, get out of this.

Yeah.

You might get it before.

But yeah.

Yeah, wow.

OK, that's great.

And did you bring any sort of records or anything like that?

Any sound effects records?

Yeah, I brought about, I got a couple.

One of them's called, it's called Mistake.

That's what I've labeled the file as.

Oh, OK.

Mistake.

You'll see.

This comes up all the time.

Let's hear it.

Comedy.

Whoops.

OK.

Oh, yeah.

OK, so now I've been in editing sessions myself, using Final Cut, Pro, Professional, Adobe Premiere.

And I've been in the situation where I've been like, we didn't get the actor saying whoops.

Well, yeah.

You don't even need it to always come out of the mouth.

Like, it's not all have to be advanced digital reckoning, ADR.

Sometimes you can pretend like they farted whoops.

Well, yeah.

Or I've actually found it works really well.

So say, just for example, your main lead protagonist character is trying to open up a door.

A Thomas Middleditch.

A Middleditch type is trying to open up the door.

And every man.

Sure.

Someone who might want to sell you some cell phone coverage.

Oh, yeah.

Oh, baby.

Yeah.

He opens up a door, but he opens it up too quickly right into his own noggin.

He just whoops.

Just drop that in.

Yeah.

And I'm promising you people will be on the aisles.

Well, for example, last several months I've been working on this YouTube video where there was this.

I've been hearing about this, by the way.

There was a woman who was caught on a security camera with a bunch of groceries.

And then she had too many and she fell down.

Now, she paid for the groceries.

So she was caught on camera.

She was caught on camera trying to carry too many.

OK.

So they caught her.

She didn't fall, but some of the groceries fell.

OK, so some out of the top of the bag, not through the bottom.

Yeah, out of the top.

Top of the bag, a few groceries fell on the ground.

Exactly.

And this is going to be on YouTube soon.

Soon.

Basically, I found this footage, this security footage.

How did you find the footage?

I saw it on a different YouTube video.

But I got it.

I got it.

Yeah, exactly.

But what I'm doing is I put a little music soundtrack behind it.

Oh, OK, what kind of music do you have?

It's just basically bebop mixed with trans club.

Oh, that sounds good.

That's the kind of music I like, actually.

Drum and bass kind of thing.

Yeah, I love all those genres.

So to mash them up like that, that sounds amazing.

I take from different places, man.

Yeah.

And then I just like whatever it synthesizes.

Oh, man.

And you play it yourself?

No, no, no.

I just pull down a track from somewhere.

From Ebon's World.

I like to synthesize, and then it incredibleized.

That's how I do it.

But anyway, so I was thinking when the groceries drop, this is a great opportunity for me to use Thomas's sound effect.

Mistake sound effect.

Because it would go, whoops.

Yeah, it would be like a whoops.

Whoa.

Oh, wait, do you have a whoa?

I didn't hear whoa.

No, I was sort of just responding emotionally to the idea of whoops.

I see, I see.

But you wouldn't put whoa in there?

Because it sounded really good, actually, when you just did it.

I don't have that track anywhere, though.

We got something that says, let me see here, my MP3s.

I've got something that says, take it down a notch.

Take it down a notch.

Some of these MP3s are like 16 years old.

Yeah, do you think that this is a direction?

My sound blaster audio card.

Is this what someone is saying in the actual?

Let me see here.

Let me just play it.

OK, let's play it, yeah.

Son of a bitch.

Fuck.

Ooh.

OK, well, so that was you maybe trying, you, Thomas Middleton, just tried to tell the person in that sound effect that they should take it down a notch.

With their acting style?

Hey, I don't know.

I made some of these on, LSD, dude.

I got to say, though, I've been working on this YouTube video that I was saying about the grocery thing.

It's probably about six seconds long, it's going to be, ultimately.

But I don't know if I'm up for the four-letter word thing.

Oh, yeah.

That'll turn off anyone under 13 right away.

I want to get some likes on this thing.

Yeah, yeah.

Well, you've got to understand, I took a lot of influence from, you know those novelty sound effects machines that you could buy back?

Sure.

This had to be back in the, yeah, I could be talking about the 90s.

Yeah, or even 2017 sometimes.

And you press the buttons and they say dirty words.

I was, you know, I wanted to make, for a while, I was trying to make my own and make my millions do it.

Oh, yeah.

I mean, I remember when the Jerky Boys came out, everyone wanted to make their own funny phone calls.

Crank callers.

And then this was very similar.

Suddenly, everyone wanted to make their own sound effects machines.

You pressed my buttons enough, I'm going to say some dirty words.

Hey, David!

Sorry, I had to say it.

I know you did, but.

I'm not going to say the words, but you can use your imagination.

Let's just put it there.

Let's leave it at that.

And let's not talk about it anymore.

Mr. Wayne likes to ride the line and keep it there.

But let's leave it at that.

I guess my imagination isn't vivid enough, because nothing's really coming to mind.

How about, OK, you asked for it.

OK.

How about this?

You're going to get some pretty hard scenarios.

Uh-oh, uh-oh, uh-oh.

Shit for brains.

Well, I don't know.

It's kind of like a dad thing to say.

Shit for brains.

Every day, from when I was born till I went to college.

Yeah, mow the lawn.

Your dad, the radio personality, used to call you shit for brains?

Yeah, he was the big chief.

Yeah.

I was shit for brains.

Is it?

So you called him the big chief.

Oh, everybody did.

Everyone did.

OK.

And you were shit for brains.

Yeah.

So he would say, hey, how are you doing?

I'm the big chief.

This is my son's shit for brains.

Yeah.

That's how we open the radio show every day.

Oh, you guys were on the radio show together?

Yeah.

Well, I mean, yeah.

I was sort of, it was like a morning zoo.

What was his first name?

Keenan?

Keenan Wayne?

Yeah.

Mm-hmm.

No, my dad is, you know, everyone knows my dad.

Everyone knows.

We've talked about it on the show.

Marlon Wayans.

Yeah.

One of the brothers.

Yeah.

You've heard of the brothers Warner.

Yeah.

This is the brothers Wayans.

Right.

And they did this show in living color and stuff like that.

And then, yeah.

A lot of our younger listeners maybe don't know exactly what in living color is.

Could you describe it in detail?

Yeah, of course.

It was a sketch comedy show of my dad and his brothers.

And they, you know, it was a lot of diverse cast.

And they had these.

Diverse in what way?

Black and white, I guess.

Yeah.

OK.

Yeah.

I see that.

There was James Carrey.

Yeah.

Canadian James Carrey.

Canadian.

Oh, the Canadian.

Yeah, comedian.

And they had the Fly Girls, right?

They had the.

Oh, yeah.

I don't know what the.

They were dancers.

Dancers.

And they were.

Flies.

Human flies.

You've seen the movie Human Flies?

I've seen the movie Human Flies.

Human Flies?

Yeah, my favorite movie.

Of course I have.

Jeffrey Goldblum.

Well, you know, have you ever seen Singing in the Rain?

Sing a song from it.

Maybe it'll jog my memory.

Singing in the rain.

That was beautiful.

Yes, of course I've seen that.

That's dancing.

That is dancing.

What he was doing there with the umbrella?

Right.

So now you know what I'm talking about.

Oh, I thought that was just splashing around.

The Fly Girls had umbrellas.

I don't know that.

And it was raining on them?

I can't confirm that.

You can't?

OK.

He can neither confirm nor deny the rain.

You're not going to deny it?

I'm not going to.

You know what?

I think I've been into a sticky area.

And it's better if we're just a stuffy.

Are you representing David?

I'm just familiar with a couple of his lawsuits.

You're being sued, David?

Just know what?

David, please.

It's probably best if I just move on from there.

Move on.

Next question.

And talk about it in detail?

Yeah.

Next question, Mr. Ockerman.

OK, what are these lawsuits about?

Ew.

Should I?

All right.

OK.

David is involved in a few lawsuits.

Do you know the swimmer Mark Spitz?

Sure.

I always thought that was interesting.

He dives in the water, and he swallows the water, and he has to spit it out.

That's how I would remember his name.

Right.

Well, you're familiar with the swimmer?

Yeah.

OK.

You're familiar with the drought in California?

OK.

I'm not putting the two of them together, though.

Use your imagination.

I think you'll figure it out.

For the past, the allegations are that for the past, let's say, 10 years.

OK, a decade.

Which is debatable.

That's alleged.

Yeah.

OK, this is why it's poppycock.

It is that my client here has been diverting water from the California reservoir to feed the addiction of this swimmer's appetite for swimming.

David, no.

So much more complicated.

There's never room for gray area in this discussion.

And I tell you, if I said the addiction word, the A word on NPR, I'd get an email.

And now Spitz is labeled as an addict when he's so many other things.

He's also, he loves Scrabble.

He does, really.

I'd love to play with him.

He's a civil war buff.

Isn't he now?

And so, but oh, no.

Forget all that.

He's an addict to swimming.

Well, now I know the statute of limitations on such a crime is 12 years.

But you say it's, oh, it's been a decade.

Oh, it hasn't elapsed yet.

We can't actually talk about it.

Let's say 12 years, a decade.

Two year difference.

Two year difference, yeah.

Oh, god.

Let me just quickly double.

I've got to pay.

Yeah, could you, I just want to check my math on that.

10.

I have a whiteboard.

2 minus 0 is 2.

What is 12?

Minus a decade.

1 is 0.

So 02, cancel those leaving.

0.

It's 2.

2, Siri says 2.

Oh, can you beat Siri?

Jinx.

Hey, this is a game show.

Can you beat Siri?

Yeah, well, frankly, these days, Siri is more.

Yeah, I don't know what you're trying to say.

OK, you pick it up.

She's, um.

Oh, shit, you don't know either.

Who would host Can You Beat Siri?

OK, well, let's just throw some names in the hat.

You should know about computer stuff, Richard.

Don't ever do that.

Who's Richard?

I really can't stand that.

Who's Richard?

It's the character I play on the TV show, Silicon Valley.

Silicon Valley.

Oh, OK, I haven't seen it, so I don't know.

Yeah, I'm my own person.

I'm my own woman.

And I don't like that kind of stuff.

OK, David, I'm sure you apologize, right?

I mean.

I'll think about it.

You're going to think about apologizing?

I'm thinking about it.

All right, well.

You know, I got to talk to my assistant.

OK, all right.

But.

My agent.

So who would host Can You Beat Siri?

I mean, these days.

These days, you get a, who's the next Tom Bergeron?

Charlie Rose?

I mean, why not?

He's probably free.

I'd buy that for $1.

Why'd you say that?

Huh?

Why'd you say that?

Because that's a famous catch.

That's Charlie Rose's famous catchphrase.

You used to say that?

Yeah.

I'd buy that for $1?

Yeah.

After interviewing celebrities and heads of state?

Smoking.

Remember?

Yeah.

Smoking.

Really?

Did he used to smoke?

No, it was kind of like it was on fire.

Oh, his career was on fire.

No, he would be like, you know, I have Angela Dickinson here, and she is smoking.

OK, you'd be talking about a female guest.

Yeah, and how she's having a cigarette.

Right.

OK, great.

David Wayne is here and Thomas Middleditch.

And I've always wondered, have you guys ever worked together?

I mean, two comedy titans such as you, I can only imagine.

David, if you were putting up that rectangle that they call the movie screen, and you somehow fit Thomas in it, or Thomas, if you had a wonderful new show on HBO, and you were like, god, I got to get David here to be in this.

I mean, has this ever happened before?

It's going to.

There's something coming up?

Not yet in official capacity, but yeah, we've got a couple of things brewing.

Watch out for 2022.

That's a long lead time.

Four years?

Is it animated?

Hey, listen, movies sometimes take time to brew.

OK, oh, they're brewing right now.

OK.

In an unofficial capacity.

Like what good ideas do you have?

You know, socks that are actually shoes?

That's pretty funny.

I didn't mean it to be funny.

It was just like a business idea.

You think it's funny?

Yeah, no, I mean like what kind of movie ideas?

Maybe we'll.

Oh, OK.

OK, well, there's this one where there's a prisoner.

And he loves prison so much that he's trying to decide like what crime he should commit.

We'll buy it.

You're going to buy it?

Yeah.

How much?

I mean, I really couldn't option it for less than seven figures.

Deal?

Wow.

So that was easy?

I think we just made a deal in the room, guys.

OK, so $9 million, $999,900.

$999?

Well, I'll tell you this.

I went into Universal Pictures yesterday.

They said if it's Middleditch and Wayne, green light.

Say no more.

If it's Middleditch and Wayne, you can't complain.

If it's Middleditch and Wayne, you have to be insane to turn it down.

Got it.

What if it's Wayne and Middleditch?

They're never going to be rich.

Ouch.

Yeah.

No.

OK, so you guys want to buy my idea about the prisoner.

Are you going to change it at all?

Middleditch, cut the snitch.

Cut the snitch?

Meaning the snitch from Harry Potter?

No, like cut him because he's snitching.

Oh, the snitching.

Yeah.

Oh, OK.

Cut him.

OK.

Which one of you is the snitch?

No, that applies to a totally different situation.

Oh, OK.

Great.

So are you guys going to change my idea, or are you going to film it exactly the way I just described it?

You know what?

I'm a big believer in just really honoring the source material.

So I don't feel like I want to add anything or change anything.

So is it just going to be me saying what I just said?

Pretty much.

I mean, yeah, maybe there'll be a little music.

Maybe you might do it in slow motion to make the movie a little bit longer?

Well, obviously we have the technology to do that now.

So we can slow it way down.

How slow do you want to go with this thing?

It's going to get, it goes down to 100 milliseconds.

Yeah, that's 4,000 FPS.

Oh, 4,000.

Wow, that's pretty slow, I got to say.

Yeah.

But I have a really good camera that I got at B&H.

Yeah, it's got the 30 mil.

Barnes and Hobles?

Barnes and Hobos.

Bums and Hobos.

So you stole this off a homeless person?

Yeah, my dude.

I go to Skid Row and I steal their stereo stuff.

OK, well, Nina, what are they going to plug it in for?

It's like, I'm going to go to B&H and get some stuff I need.

All right, I get it.

I get it.

I don't know if you saw the movie Peppermint.

I have, yeah, the one that was out a month and a half ago.

Yeah, of course I saw it.

Not really a month.

Oh, right.

Yep, a month and a half ago.

Of course I saw it.

I, of course, thought it was about candy.

And I was like, it's not Halloween yet.

What's going on?

Well, it's Julia Roberts, or whoever that is.

Yeah, whoever that is.

We don't even know.

Is it Julia Roberts?

Yeah.

I saw the film.

And she bases herself in Skid Row, where all the celebrities are.

Where all the homeless people are.

Yeah, right.

Right.

And these days, what's the difference?

You know, I saw.

With all the celebrities losing their homes.

I saw, yeah, exactly.

Don't get me started on that whole issue.

You don't want to get started on this.

Have you been financing homes for celebrities?

Yeah, again, not something that we can talk about, Mr.

Ockerman.

Oh, no.

That really is sort of sensitive.

What was the APR on this?

We've been kind of kidding around today, but I think that's an area I don't want to.

I don't know that I've been kidding around, actually.

No more goofs, sir.

Senator Ockerman.

I apologize.

Senator Ockerman.

Yes, I'm sorry.

What is your stance?

What is your stance on the differences between capital punishment and Roe v. Wade?

Well, one is something that you do to someone, and another is a ruling on law.

Interesting.

I think the committee is going to find that pretty interesting.

OK, take it back to the committee, I guess.

I don't know why you came to my home.

I guess I will.

OK, look, why don't we get to our next guest?

He is a self-proclaimed fan favorite.

I don't think you guys have ever been on the show with a fan favorite before.

No, that's really exciting.

Yeah, so this is very exciting.

So let's just get to him.

He is, as we said before, a professional dirtbag, although I don't know whether he's in a professional capacity these days.

Please welcome Rudy North.

How you doing, Scott?

Hey, I'm great.

I'm doing good.

Hey, how you doing, Thomas?

How you doing, Mr. Wayne?

Hi, Rudy.

Not coming in as hot as usual.

Well, I did want to say, I'm coming in pretty hot.

You are coming in hot?

I'm coming in hot.

OK, all right.

But before I come in hot, I need to, hold on.

We got to take it down.

We got to handle this.

OK.

Previously on Comedy Bang Bang.

So I'm a dirtbag, and I'm from Florida.

I moved to Los Angeles, and I took a Lyft driver's job, and then I took a security guard's job.

And when he says he took a job, meaning someone had that job, and you punched them in the throat.

I throat punched them, and then I took their identity and took their job.

Right.

Please.

I moved my way.

Throat punching can be effective.

I did it to my yoga teacher.

It's great.

It's a dirtbag's handshake.

And then I've went through many jobs.

Also, I'm immortal, and I have magical powers.

We've never gone into that.

And we did go into the speed force.

The last time I was here, Scott, I've become best friends.

By the way, my best friend, Rudy Northair, thank you for reminding me of all of this.

You're one of the only people to come in, one of the only guests to come in and remind me.

Which I honestly appreciate.

I know it's a lot, Scott.

No, I get it.

The speed force?

We went into the speed force.

You know Barry Allen, The Flash, occasionally we'll go into it.

Yeah, I have the powers of The Flash.

I thought that was maybe a new branch of the military.

Am I right, topical?

Very nice.

Thomas, I'm going to ask you to refrain from those kinds of jokes.

It's not that kind of show, Thomas.

And by the way, I just wanted to be reminded, because I, of course, listen every day.

Of course you do.

I just want to catch up some of the other fans.

But so, yeah, but I am coming in hot, Scott, because I got a new job.

That's a parody of the Huford Lewis song.

The Huford Louis song, I have some new drugs.

Would anyone like some of my new drugs?

Would anyone like some new drugs?

Ghostbusters.

It's similar to Ghostbusters.

It's very, yeah, we don't want to get a lawsuit here.

We don't want to get no lawsuits.

You guys already seem like to be at a lot of legal trouble.

Lewis would be nothing without the news, but we know that.

We know that, yeah.

Or Gwyneth Paltrow.

I'm going to start calling him Lewis B. Nothing.

That sounds like a funny Lewis.

I really wish you wouldn't.

OK, you're right, Scott.

But you have a new position.

I do have a new job, Scott.

I do have a new job.

I was walking down the street.

Just the other day?

I was walking down the street just the other day.

And you saw a pretty lady.

You didn't know what to say?

Truly walk into that every time.

Yeah, I was walking down the street, Scott, and I was walking past a donut shop.

OK, some of us do this.

I don't know if you guys have ever done this.

Donuts are smelling fresh.

I got to say, if I'm ever walking down the street just the other day, and I'm smelling donuts, and I don't know what to say, I know there must be a donut shop.

There must be a donut shop.

I walk past a donut shop.

Either that or a seizure coming on.

Yeah, true.

I'm worried about seizures.

Sometimes it's warm toast.

I go right to my phone and order donuts on Amazon whenever I do that.

Sure, Amazon donuts.

I want some fresh Amazon donuts.

If you have Prime that's maybe two, three, four days before the show.

I got Amazon fresh.

It's really one day.

Whoa.

That's right, Scott.

You know, a person like me, you get Amazon fresh.

This guy is a fan favorite.

But I'll say.

So you're on the street, donuts.

So I'm on the street, there's donuts.

And I hear.

Do we need to recap this story here?

We might need to.

Previously on Comedy Back.

Catch us up to where we are.

I was walking down the street just the other day.

I smelled some donuts.

And I heard a splish splash sound, Scott.

Oh, was anyone taking a bath?

Well, that's what I thought.

So I looked around and said, hey, is anyone taking a bath?

Are you taking a bath?

The lady said no.

I said, are you taking a bath?

The guy said no.

Is he taking a bath?

Remember that?

Are you taking a bath?

From Extras?

Yeah, funny.

Yeah, Extras is a great show, man.

Yeah, that's great.

Who was the show?

You should have been on that HBO show, obviously.

Well, no, it's a BBC show.

Sure, but it was aired on.

BBC.

It was aired on Showtime.

It was on Showtime.

If you don't mind.

Sure, originally.

But just tread.

Jimmy Gervais is actually a friend.

So just.

Oh, he is.

Jimmy's a good friend of yours?

Just in case it veers into something.

OK, sure.

We'll sidestep this, definitely.

Donuts, taking a bath.

OK, so I turned around, Scott, and I saw the owner of this donut shop.

Owner of a donut shop.

Yes, another Hughford Lewis song.

I thought we were doing, yes, I thought we were doing.

Yes, you thought we were doing Hughford Lewis songs.

No, but what band were we doing?

Yes.

Yes, we were.

Yes, but I want to know what band you're talking about.

Yes.

Yes, I want to know the name of the band.

Third base.

Who's on yes, man.

OK, anyway, so I turned around, I saw the owner of this donut shop.

OK.

And he was.

So you turned around, so you were facing away from the donut shop.

I was looking into trapping.

Smell works reverse.

Well, you know, ears, they pick up stuff behind us because they're on the side of the head.

Exactly.

But noses, they should only pick up what's in front of you.

He didn't listen to you just get a natural geographic lesson.

Sorry, he didn't listen to get a natural geographic lesson.

So anyways, I turned around, Scott, and I saw my new job.

The owner of this donut shop was spraying down the sidewalk with a hose.

And he was, I guess, cleaning it or I'm not sure exactly.

Probably maybe he was watering it.

Watering the sidewalk.

It seems like they're getting very little dirt off the sidewalk, but it's an easy job.

So I walked over and I said, sir, do you own this California donut?

And he said.

It was a California donut.

Did I leave that out?

Yeah, I believe you did.

Oh, wow, that's important.

I said, sir, do you own this California donut?

And he said, well, why, of course I do, young man.

And he how old was he?

He thought you were a young man.

He was 60.

He doesn't know that I'm over 600 years old.

Right.

Yeah.

That's why you look fab.

I thank you.

I have a boredom.

How could he know?

Because so few people are.

It's true.

Yeah, he probably has no relevance.

He has no idea.

And and I should say for listeners, because they can't see you, you have not aged.

Oh, no.

Like 600 years.

Oh, no.

I'm like Richard from Lost.

Yeah.

Okay.

That's a great way of putting it.

I have like Richard from Lost.

Okay.

What about Dick Clark?

This guy always looks young.

That's true.

Dickie C always looking young.

Will he ever age?

Well, especially with his plastic surgery.

You think he's doing plastic surgery still?

Oh, yeah, definitely.

I think I think they go in and they apply some every couple of years.

I thought it was a natural.

I heard that before he goes on TV, he goes into a room and they put like makeup and stuff on his face.

What?

Whoa.

Okay.

I don't know.

That would be crazy.

I don't like that.

That's obviously not true.

I'm just saying I heard it.

It just makes me uncomfortable.

I'm not sure that I'll be able to watch him again.

She's Hollywood.

Now this California Donuts owner, he thinks you're a young man.

He tells you he owns the Donut shop.

And I said, Oh, excuse me, sir.

And then I punched him in the throat.

Wow.

How did he take this?

Well, he choked.

Yeah.

Is he going to see 61?

Oh, no, he did.

He's dead.

Yes, God.

I punched him and I absorbed his life force.

Okay.

So currently I'm the owner of a California Donuts.

You ever talked about you absorbing the life forces?

Oh my goodness.

These people.

Wait, so is he, is he...

You have dark rituals, man.

Is he living in you or is he dead?

I really want to talk about my new job, Scott.

I don't know that we have time to get into the job.

You have incredible sorcerer powers and you're owning a California Donut shop.

I'm not really paying attention to the Donut part.

I don't really have any more Donuts in there.

I really just hose it down the sidewalk.

You just want to hose down the sidewalk.

That was the thing that was appealing to me.

Is why people generally buy Donut shops.

So you can own a part of the sidewalk.

I need to tell you that's city property.

Yeah.

And do you realize that the hosing down the sidewalks is an essentially an employee of the Donut shop?

Or the owner trying to get people to come into the Donut shop because the sidewalk is dirty and if you think dirty sidewalk, donut must not be...

I do not want to go into the Donut shop.

Can I just tell you?

Yes.

That now that you are the owner of the Donut shop.

Owner of the Donut shop.

You are paying yourself with what money?

The money you make from selling the Donuts.

Or paying yourself in Donuts.

And the money you make from hosing down the side.

No, that's the money that I was expected to get.

But that comes from the Donut man.

So I have to make Donuts?

You got to make the Donuts.

I mean you've absorbed the life force apparently the guy who made Donuts so it should be second nature to make the Donuts.

Are you saying it's time to make the Donuts?

It's time to make the Donuts.

Speaking of other commercials that I am sick of.

Who is this guy always, don't squeeze the Charmin.

I am sick and tired.

Who is this guy like Verizon is the largest most reliable 4G LTE network in America?

Who is that guy?

What is he thinking?

Wow, so you're trapped in a Donut shop.

I guess I have to, damn it I didn't think about that guys.

Now I own a Donut shop.

That was not what I was looking for.

Yeah, but you own it.

I was looking for a dirt bag job where I just do something that wastes water on the street and isn't really helpful.

Well don't talk about wasting water with these guys.

We can't talk about that.

He's addicted but we can't call him in.

Yeah, well this is terrible.

Rudy, now I feel like I'm in some sort of monkey spa situation where I got my dream job, but now I've got to make friggin Donuts.

Well not monkey spa more like Bear Claw.

Bear Claw.

All right, look, we need to take a break if that's okay.

Oh, there's a whoops.

Yeah, that's a good sound effect.

All right, you got to pay him a little money for that.

Oh, there you go.

SoundCloud.

All right, we need to take a break.

I get too glazed from here.

All right.

Can we come back?

I love a glaze.

We're going to have Brody Broderson, California native is going to be here.

We'll be right back with Comedy Bang Bang after this.

Comedy Bang Bang back here with David Wain.

Thank you.

Who has been drawing the entire time.

One of his famous.

Now I've been looking at your Instagram and you have been drawing a lot and making a lot of your great.

I'm becoming a full-time Instagrammer.

Yes, you've been drawing doing special effects videos.

It's about the brand.

I've been wondering where do you find the time to do any of these things that you do?

But then what I noticed was today you were approximately eight minutes late and I said, oh, that's how he does it.

Right.

He's just eight minutes late here, eight minutes late there.

And that's how here and there adds up.

Next thing you know, you got an extra hour.

No, the truth is I have two children and I have, you know, lots of work stuff that I do.

And so in order to make sure I attend to neither of those things, you do this instead.

Spent a lot of time doing magic tricks and making little songs and other stupid things.

So a wonderful Instagram account.

Can we say what the account is titled or it's not a hundred percent the kind of thing that I like to advertise here on an open forum.

Yeah.

Let's just, let me say it in code.

Okay.

At G A V I D W A I N.

Okay.

So if you can kind of crack this code, if maybe the Navajos could come in and do some of their code breaker stuff, you know, Nell had her own language.

Oh yeah.

What was it?

Aga Aga.

I don't know.

That's the thing.

I couldn't even decipher it.

Yeah.

I'm trying to figure it out.

At D A V.

Okay, hold on.

David D at.

It's Rudy North is here with us.

Professional dirt bag owner, life force, uh, usurper.

Yeah.

Old, old around wizard.

I'm going to need to take some time to figure out that Instagram.

Yeah.

David.

All right.

Maybe we can get it by the end of the show.

By the way, I have an offer for the listeners of comedy bang, bang, uh, the podcast.

This one right now, if you go to my Instagram, uh, at David Wayne, uh, whatever that happens to be.

Right.

And the first person, the first, uh, 700 people to log into and check out my account, uh, we'll log into your password to go on into the account.

Okay.

They log into their own accounts.

Subscribe, um, uh, will receive, uh, a David Wayne branded, uh, gift set.

Uh, what is that?

Exactly.

It's a jeans.

Uh, it's shoes.

Okay.

How are the jeans identifiably David Wayne?

They have my brand, you know, I remember Jordash.

Sure.

Yeah.

Jordash on the pocket.

It's like the Jordash.

Look, I'm sick and tired of that one.

Yeah.

Nothing comes between me and my Jordash.

Right.

And then you also get a bicycle and a bicycle.

Wow.

And then every month you get a crate of oranges.

Oh, okay.

So the first 700.

So what about the people who are already on that account?

Uh, you're going to have to log out, log out, and then come back in, log back in.

And then all you have to do to get the gift set is you write me a little three by five card with your name and address on Instagram and a self-addressed stamped envelope and mail that to you.

Take a picture of that.

Okay.

Self-addressed.

And when you say envelope enough to fit a crate of oranges in.

No, just the, yeah, not, you know, obviously I'm going to give you the oranges.

You just send me the crate.

Yeah.

Okay.

Got it.

So an envelope, when you say self-addressed stamped envelope.

An envelope big enough to put the bicycle and the oranges and all this clothing.

Okay.

Got it.

Great.

We also had Thomas Middleditch, but he left, uh, which is unfortunate because, uh, I was really looking forward to talking to him more about next.

Yeah.

As dudes go, he's nice-ish.

Uh, but we do have a, uh, guest that we have to get to.

He's excited.

He's been very patient, uh, waiting here in the wings.

And, uh, he is a California native.

Uh, please welcome Brody Broderson.

Hey guys, how's it going?

It's great.

Yeah.

Awesome.

Sick.

Going really good.

Yeah.

Awesome.

Sick.

Yeah.

I just been here.

I was like, you know, waiting in the corners.

Listen to you guys, man.

It was awesome.

It was so funny.

You like it?

Yeah.

You guys are doing great.

This is a positive guy.

Yeah.

I always keep positive.

Yeah.

I love it.

Because you have to, you know, so many things are, you know, a real bummer or anything.

It's, you know, trying to get you down.

Yeah.

No, life can be grim.

Life's so grim.

Life's real dark.

It's a great way to look at things.

Yeah.

Hide the Nike shoelaces.

Hide the Nike shoelaces in the red bag.

Throw that in the trash.

Make sure you wash your hands.

Yeah.

You know what I mean?

That's a great point.

Right.

Yeah.

So, uh, you're a California native.

Yeah.

Simi Valley.

Okay.

Yeah.

I mean, that's, that's within the state, so.

Yeah, of course it is, man.

Yeah.

What was it like growing up here?

It was sunny.

You know, I love California.

There's palm trees.

You know, I always hang tent.

I, you know.

Okay.

So sunny, palm trees, and hang tent.

Yeah.

And, uh, no, if before you ask me, uh, yeah, I know how to surf.

And before you ask me, yeah, I know how to longboard.

Okay.

Those are two different things?

I didn't know.

Yeah.

What is the difference between them?

I guess I do.

Well, longboard, skateboard.

Oh.

Oh, I thought, I thought you were talking about the length of the surfboard.

No, I have to, I can only short board surfboard.

Okay.

You're nothing long.

No.

Longboard, skateboard, shortboard, surfboard.

Got it.

All right.

Longboard, skateboard, shortboard, surfboard.

A lot of people are actually like me.

That is exactly why I can't listen to this podcast.

You don't listen to it?

No, sir.

But you said you were having fun.

Yeah.

I mean, here in the studio, it's super fun.

Yeah.

As an oral medium.

Oh my God.

Yeah.

But then again, I get to watch it.

I get to watch you guys smile and having a good time.

Okay.

So if you're a listener, try to imagine smiling.

Yeah.

That'll help out.

Yeah.

Oh God.

So do you hang out a lot at the beach?

Do you go to like beach barbecues and stuff?

I can't now just because my skin's ultra sensitive to the UV rays.

Oh, it is?

Yeah.

That's terrible for someone who lives in California.

Dude, you're telling me, man.

I mean, I can't.

Do you have sun poisoning or?

I was just telling you, he just said it.

Yeah.

The hell?

Sorry, David.

Sorry.

David.

Yeah.

Hey man, David, you gotta calm down, man.

You gotta chill out a little bit, man.

You gotta have a little dirt bag energy right now.

Yeah.

I thought you were apologizing to me because of what he did.

No, no.

You've got big dick energy right now.

Yeah.

You really gotta calm down.

You need dirt bag energy.

Oh yeah.

Yeah.

Sorry.

We apologize, bro.

It's totally fine.

No, thank you.

Honestly.

Sorry about your skin, man.

That sounds bad.

Yeah.

It's okay.

Do you have sun poisoning?

Are you, is it cracking?

Is it, what exactly?

Well, I mean, there is some, there is some sort of, I guess, yeah.

Cracking is the term I like to call it separation of skin and air filling in between.

Oh my gosh.

I've heard of the separation of church and state, but this is...

Politics.

I don't really know what that means, but yeah, what happens is, especially mid to mid day, so we're coming up on, still in the morning here.

Yeah.

Coming up on like 11, 11 30.

11, 11 30.

I got 10 56.

Okay.

All right.

Okay.

Are you okay?

No, I'm fine.

I'm fine.

Anyway, I can't technically cry as normal humans do.

Oh, are you not human?

Another superhuman in the room?

I'm human.

Trust me.

You're just an abnormal human.

I see.

I'm a regular guy.

You're like a mutant.

No, I'm a regular guy.

I wish I was.

Your skin is really sensitive.

My skin's really sensitive.

It does crack in UV rays.

I have to put ointment on.

Otherwise the air to blood mixture ratio will invert and my blood will become air.

Okay.

Oh, you don't want that air gets through my skin.

It's a simple condition.

Huh?

Will the air you breathe become blood?

Yeah, I'll drown.

I'll drown standing up in air.

You understand?

Aren't you excited to catch air?

No, as a longboarder, you catch air.

Do you know Scott?

Longboard skateboard, short board, short board.

Oh, but when you're skateboarding, I thought you catch air.

Not on a longboard, dude.

Longboard is about speed.

You can't surf then because of the sun?

I have not surfed in about two months.

Cause this is a racing condition.

Doesn't seem long to me.

It's a real racing condition.

There's a lot of things I love to do that I haven't done in two months.

No, but when you live, dude, when you live essentially on the water, when you like, I haven't seen me valley.

Do you, is there some indoor pool?

Like a wave pool?

What is your situation?

Where do you live?

I still live in Simi Valley, although close near to Sequoia National Forest.

Do you live with your folks or what?

Uh, no, I've actually been off the grid for a while.

It's been a new thing.

I'm trying not to go off the grid.

Off the power grid.

I am living illegally in Sequoia National Forest.

Oh, okay.

And I've got some gardens there.

I'm growing zucchinis.

I'm growing eggplants.

I'm growing potatoes and I'm growing onions.

And that is my diet.

So you only eat those four things.

That might have something to do with your skin condition.

How long have you been on this diet?

How could it?

Okay, let me ask you, okay.

Are these vegetables growing any preservatives or oxides or any of your fancy dosantos?

I don't think it's about the things you're eating.

I think it's about the lack of other things that you may be getting.

Limiting nutritional rays.

What am I missing, Mr. Scientist?

Vitamin C?

What's that in?

Oranges?

Have you ever heard of scurvy?

Well, you can't grow oranges in California.

I don't know if you know this.

I could send you a crate of oranges.

Okay.

Yeah, I'd love that.

Would you sign up to his Instagram?

Uh, I would love to.

How big of an envelope do you own?

I'm currently without envelope and I'm currently without a cell phone.

Okay.

Wow.

You have TiVo at least?

Yeah, of course, man.

Then we can hook you up.

No, but TiVo brand, not a DVR.

Yeah, I know.

So you're off the grid, but you have TiVo?

Heck yeah, man.

You understand that's the beauty of nature.

That's true.

That's the beauty of these sequoia trees.

That is the beauty.

They only open up during forest fires, right?

So you've got to have the heat in order to open them up.

And what you can do is you can cross branch them.

Okay.

So you can cross branch.

You breed these branches to touch and it acts as antennas.

All right.

So you're in there, you're in the tree, right?

So open up kind of like a, you live in the trees.

Well, yeah, man, I'm not going to build property on a natural forest.

Hey man, you're sounding less and less like a surf guy, man.

I'm not.

I'm California native.

You know, California is a pretty big state, dude.

I know it's huge.

All right.

And all I'm saying is here's what I do.

I wait for the forest fires.

I cook my meals.

Okay.

I'm talking about grilled zucchini, grilled eggplant, grilled onions.

Yeah, grill them, man.

What about the potatoes?

You grill the potatoes?

I grill the potatoes, dude.

Okay, great.

Great.

Sorry.

I feel like I'm getting attacked.

So you're okay.

So again, you're only eating when a forest fire happens?

Yeah, I'm not going to eat these things raw.

This is something is right.

You need to get your malnutrition.

You know, how often then do you eat?

There's forest fires year round now.

Thanks to me.

Okay.

You're setting the forest fires.

I gotta eat, don't I?

Wait, how many times a day are you setting forest fires?

I am currently traversing the entire state, setting as many forest fires as I can.

That's probably not the best idea.

Okay.

I'm blaming it on climate change.

Are you setting this forest fire right now that you started?

With your name on it?

Yeah, you could look at the forest fire, Cal State forest fire map.

And you're saying that that is the inconvenient truth?

All I'm saying is...

So climate change doesn't exist?

Hey, dude's gotta eat.

So...

That's true.

Convenient truth three.

Dude's gotta eat.

I guess that's true.

Big dogs gotta bark.

Dude's gotta eat.

I have to say there's something encouraging about this because if that's really the cause, then I feel like the solution is more in reach than I thought it was.

Yeah, I mean, I was very alarmed when I read those articles.

Far more complicated than this.

Yeah, no, it's just this dude setting.

All you gotta do is stop me somehow.

Okay.

As a matter of fact, you know what?

I'm going to use my flash powers to put out these fires.

Hold on.

All right, I'm back.

Oh.

Okay.

So they're all out.

Sorry.

I put them out because I thought it was climate change and I thought they gotta learn.

So we sent this guy some grilled eggplant.

Yeah.

Why did you set one before you came in here?

Is that like preheating the oven?

Yeah, man.

You gotta get it toasty before you get roasty.

I tell you what, I dropped out.

Not a joke.

Whoa, that was a real...

Stop laughing like that.

This is not surfer guy.

It was a fun ride, honestly.

It was a fun ride, but I'm scared of you, dad.

So has anyone tried to stop you?

Do you have an adversary?

Yeah, there's a...

Well, there's a whole team.

You know the movie The Fugitive?

There was a Harrison Ford who was the fugitive.

Yeah, that's not my arm, dude.

Yeah, but then...

I don't care.

Yeah, then this guy, the Tommy Lee Jones, he was the guy who didn't care.

Those two famous quotes.

Yeah.

That's not my arm, dude.

I don't care.

Slow down because they're both good friends of mine.

So just...

I'll tip toe around this, but do you have anyone who's chasing you?

Yeah, I got a whole team, dogs.

They've been trained to capture my scent, and they're more...

They've been trained just to capture your scent?

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

That's what dogs do.

Yeah, they capture scent.

No, but they're trained to capture my scent.

Oh, okay.

Oh, there's about 27 miniature pinchers that are out to get me.

Okay.

Mini pinchers.

Yeah, mini pinchers.

That sounds pretty cute, actually.

Yeah.

27 miniature pinchers.

Yeah, they're called the Dirty 27.

So they have an official name.

FBI, dude.

Oh, okay.

Wow.

So if one were to make a movie about these pinchers, it would be called the Dirty 27.

I don't want to put you on the spot or bore the audience, and at the risk of doing both, could I have the names of all the 27 pinchers?

Oh, that would be great to know.

I mean, I can't.

All right, what do we got?

As far as I know.

Okay.

Yeah, you've never met these pinchers?

I mean, I've seen them, you know, a lot of the times I've been lighting the blaze, man, getting gnarly on the blade.

That's not a surf.

Okay, good.

I've just been gnarling out on the blade.

And I look and beyond the flames, they're sitting there waiting, licking their lips.

Oh, but they can't cross the flames.

Yeah, because they're man pins.

Right.

They're not fire retardant, although they are retarded.

Don't use that word.

So what are the names?

Well, you got Macy, Lacey, Kingpin.

That's three.

Doglin.

Four.

Doglin.

Shunt.

Bunt.

Cunt.

That was controversial.

Louise.

With a K.

Marfa, Texas.

Shoestring.

Asbestos.

Kingpin 2.

Yeah, that's Kingpin 2.

Ace Ventura.

Jon Jon.

Meelo, Milo, Miley Cyrus.

I've lost track at this point, but go ahead.

That is 26.

So okay.

Hoopty.

That was 27.

That can't be.

I think that's only 19.

19.

Cooch.

Cooter.

A lot of these dogs have nicknames for female genitalia.

A-tus, Klyt, Labia, Volve, Ovaries.

And then one more.

Flappin' barn doors.

And then the last one is...

Pupic Mountain.

Stankpuss.

Wow.

Stankpuss is a ringleader.

She's always up my craw.

Leaving notes like, we know where you are.

Well, if you know where I am, come find me.

Wow.

The dog leaves notes?

I don't know, man.

All I know is I get a note and it's scrawled and there's a little paw print.

Yeah, they're traded by the FBI.

Hashtag you do the math.

All right, so if you're out there on Twitter or Instagram, hashtag you do the math right now.

Especially if there's any math majors out there.

Sure, we'd love to hear from you.

Send in your ideas.

The lines are open right now, I think.

Can I say Brody, I thought you were going to come in here and maybe talk about the water and maybe we'd be able to talk about it.

So you talked about the diametric opposite of that.

Yeah, man.

Well, look, heat from the sun has cursed me, all right?

Yeah.

Right.

Due to your diet.

Dude, no, man.

I'm living my life, man.

Okay.

You want to put your box on me.

I'm going to break free.

Okay.

Yeah.

Okay.

Should we take a call and just see what the...

Yeah, sure, man.

Yeah, you want to take a call?

Live?

You're all set for this.

Hello?

Someone on the line right now?

Hello?

Oh, line two?

Yes.

You're on the air.

Hey, what's going on?

You have a question for Brody?

It's more of a statement that I'm going to disguise like a question.

You know, and just tell you my opinion.

Well, you know, okay, just try to keep it brief.

Okay, but does it have to end in a question mark?

Like end my voice going up?

Yeah, at least that would be great.

At least with the intonation of a question.

Why don't you ask my name?

I'm sorry?

Oh, yeah.

What's your name?

The only reason I call this is because I want to say my name on the radio.

You're shouting.

Okay.

What's your name?

What the fuck do you mean by that?

You're screaming in your phone.

Ma'am, if you could turn your radio down.

It's very loud in here.

Turn your radio down.

I have all my radios up.

Okay, turn all your radios down because then it will be back.

Yeah, you can get this on the radio.

I'm not listening to this on the radio.

I'm listening to the easy hits.

Scott, did you screen this person before?

I'm sorry.

Yeah, no, we don't have a call screen.

Let's go back to the college.

Hey, yeah.

Just tell me what's your name and what's your listener status?

My name is, uh, Marfa.

Uh huh.

Oh, cool.

We have a dog.

No, no, Marfa, idiot.

Oh, Marfa.

Okay.

Not Marfa, Texas.

I'm one of the FBI agents.

I'm sure people make fun of you all the time.

Like, Hey, you're from, are you Marfa, Texas?

I've never heard that before, but I do work for the FBI.

And, uh, my, uh, my question is, is, uh, uh, you know, is it going to be terrible when we catch you and put you in prison?

I'd like to see you try.

I don't think she was with the FBI.

Now I can't believe anything she's in.

Yeah.

I don't know.

I feel like it could have been a man.

I don't know, but it's still just always good to take a couple of calls.

Yeah, it always is good.

Always good.

Look, we need to take a break.

When we come back, uh, we're going to continue talking to Brody Broderson.

I hope.

Can you stick around?

Because I'd love to hear more about your life.

You kidding me?

I'd love to.

It's nice to get out of the elements.

And Rudy, I don't know that we have time to get into some of your details.

No, we can't.

It's very long, but Brody is so fast.

We got to talk to Brody.

I'll sprinkle in what I can, but we got to talk to Brody.

I appreciate that.

We'll be right back with Comedy Bang Bang after this.

Comedy Bang Bang.

We're back.

David Wayne of the, uh, the state.

Yes.

That's what I was trying to figure out.

Tish, uh, film 91.

Yes.

And you asked a question, uh, of Kiss on, uh, the Geraldo show.

Yeah.

By the way, Geraldo Rivera now lives in my hometown of Cleveland, Ohio.

He does for some reason.

For real.

And I went to some, uh, like dinner party in Cleveland, uh, like it was a fundraiser thing.

Sure.

He is sure there.

He was sure as shit.

He was just right there.

And I was like, wow, that's Geraldo.

Did you go up to him and say, Hey, I asked a question, uh, to Peter Stanley.

What's his name?

Stanley.

Yeah.

Paul Stanley.

The, the, the, the, the ACE man.

Yeah.

Paul Stanley is the star man from Kiss.

And when I was, when Geraldo, the ACE man, ACE, uh, Adam Parola is the space man.

Space man.

Okay.

I got it.

So I, and I put a little clip of me asking Paul Stanley a question and then in the early nineties when I was, uh, or the late eighties when I used to go to those talk shows in New York.

But anyway, so here's the, here's the story though of when I saw Geraldo recently.

Oh, here we come.

I can't wait for this.

Yeah.

I'm at this fundraiser thing.

As I said, in Cleveland, there's Geraldo Rivera in person.

And previously on Company Bank.

Yeah.

Pretty much.

I'm thinking I met, you know, I didn't meet him, but I, you know, I was in the audience all those years ago.

So, um, you know, I did not, uh, just didn't really talk to him and then I, and then I went home.

Wow.

I'm going to move back from the edge of my seat back onto the seat part.

That was gripping.

Well, that's like when I first saw the movie Raiders of the Lost Ark, I was like, is there a back seat?

Don't forget there was a back to the seat.

Cause like I was at the edge the whole time.

Yeah.

Wow.

Thanks.

We also have a Rudy North is here.

Of course.

What's up, man?

Immortal who sucks life forces out of.

But right now we're owning a California donuts and I say it's pissing me off.

Yeah.

He, uh, have you watched the sidebar today or no, but I've already looked up some YouTube videos on how to make donuts and that shit is hard.

Scott, you own California donuts.

Dude, do you like that?

Do you like California?

I love California.

You ever had a California donut?

I can't have donuts, man.

Why?

Why not?

Yeah.

If I have a donut, the contents of my stomach will solidify and turn rock hard and I will not be able to excrete them.

No, I don't know about that.

That does not sound sad to myself.

What is this?

The sugar sort of the chemicals in the sugar will activate.

I don't know.

It's what the government is putting in our food.

It's what everybody's trying to control us with and jam back or stewed with stuff.

Oh God.

Are you all right?

You just coughed up a big zucchini.

Yeah.

Poisoning us, man.

How long ago did you eat that piece of zucchini, man?

Because it doesn't look like it's digesting in your stomach.

Yeah.

Well, I don't know if you can see with your eyes, but we don't happen to be in a forest fire right now, so I had to eat one raw hole.

Oh man.

Well, do you drink water or anything like that?

I have a condition.

What?

This must be bad if you're a surfer.

Yeah.

There's so much water there.

If I drink fresh water, yeah.

Well, if I drink fresh water, my bones turn to salt because my bones...

Listen to me.

I'm listening.

We're listening.

Okay.

My bones are completely salt based and the water will liquefy my bones.

Oh no.

Like putting salt in water.

Yeah.

Or water and salt.

It's just like that.

Adding salt to water.

It's like, or water to salt.

That is a perfect analogy for what happens.

Wow.

Yeah.

So whereas most people are two thirds water, you're zero.

78% or so.

I'm zero percent water, yeah.

Whoa.

Just, but what percentage are you salt?

Wow.

I don't know.

What percentage of your body is made of bones?

I don't know.

I guess if you're like 30% water, then...

Probably like 30%.

I don't know.

I don't think you're all water and bones.

You got skin and blood.

I think you're probably like 8% bones.

Probably eight or nine.

You know that old standby when you want to make fun of someone who's a little tooth and skin and bones.

We've all heard that, right?

Yeah.

I remember that.

I remember it.

Yeah.

We all know that in reality, it's other things too.

Eyes and nose and still.

Eyes and nose and fingers and toes.

And skin and skin and bones.

And skin and bones and blood and semen and bile and shit.

Well, wait.

Speak for yourself on the semen thing.

Oh man.

That is funny.

No respect at all.

Wow.

So you haven't been able to surf, although that's not fresh water.

It's salt water.

Yeah, man.

But I could be.

I could surf if it weren't for the sun.

You gotta understand there's a bit of rock, paper, scissors thing going on.

Okay.

So sun beats salt water.

Salt water beats fresh water.

Got it.

And fresh water beats forest fires.

Oh, beats forest fires.

So it's a forest fire.

Forest fires beat raw veg.

Raw veg.

And raw veg beats the sun.

Sun.

Okay.

That makes perfect sense.

So five way rock, paper, scissors.

And you're growing raw veggies because the sun has been mean to you.

So you're trying to beat the sun.

I am super impressed that you're happy at all.

Yeah.

It's a very tough situation.

You seem close to death.

Like anything could just tip you over the precipice.

Hey man, you're only close to death if you sit still.

True.

I guess so.

Yeah.

Do you feel like death is chasing you?

Across the state of California?

Death is chasing me in the form of 27 miniature pictures.

Yeah.

Shoestring, kingpin 2.

Life is not a dress rehearsal as Paul Stanley said.

Yeah.

That's a great point.

Beautiful.

Like the minute we come out of those vaginas, it's like a showtime.

The vagina stuff.

Speak for yourself.

I did not.

Oh, you came out of the stomach.

The cesarean.

Let's just say I don't go near women's dirty parts like that.

Oh, okay.

Something going on with you?

You said you don't have any semen.

You say you don't go near dirty parts.

You're going to get into that sexy stuff.

Speak for yourself.

Okay.

Yeah, I have semen.

I go near women's dirty parts.

I have semen as well.

Yeah.

Even I got semen.

Wait, what is your semen like?

Well, it's brown.

Oh, like a gravy?

Like a gravy seams.

It's actually technically beef gravy.

Hey, is that something you'd be willing to donate to Rudy's donut shop to think of?

You want to create a donut?

Hold on, David.

Actually, I love the way you're thinking.

You try.

I love the synergy idea, but I'm going to have to hold off on the beef gravy donut.

A beef gravy donut is kind of a sexual innuendo.

You gave a girl a beef gravy donut.

Speak for yourself.

All right.

I will.

Who was the last person that you were intimate with?

I was intimate with a park ranger.

A park ranger.

So was this park ranger trying to kick you off the property?

Because as we know, you've been staying illegally.

Yeah.

At first.

And so we just head off.

We started talking about life, man.

Talking about talking about stars and the cosmos.

What was their life?

That'll do it.

Yeah.

What was their life like that you talked about?

They drive a truck and they live in the forest, but in a house.

They drive a truck.

Wow.

They live in a forest, but in a house.

You must have been in love.

You have so much in common.

It's just like.

Or maybe you took something.

Where is she now, man?

With him or her?

He or she, of course.

That's a she dude.

OK.

No problem.

But it's a she dude?

Yeah, man.

Oh, that was my favorite show on NBC a few years ago.

She dude.

So it's really good.

So yeah.

OK.

That's cool.

What are you going to do?

Yeah, we're both pretty pansexual.

Yeah.

Very cool.

When you say that, what does that mean?

It means you have sex in your pants.

Nom, nom, nom, nom, nom, nom, nom, nom, nom, nom.

Beef gravy time.

Are you sure you're human?

I'm not sure.

I don't think you're in a position to argue, man.

That's true.

I'm definitely not.

What other kind of immortal beings have you met?

I hate to go into your back story.

Well, of course I've met a Highlander, of course.

Of course.

He's been chasing me around the world trying to kill me.

I'm the last immortal, of course.

Everybody's got demons and running away from them.

Everyone's got a 27-minute story.

Yeah, but across the entire universe, have you traversed to other galaxies?

Well, of course, you know, John Lennon.

You know, he's of course immortal.

Of course, yeah.

Well, he chose not to be dead.

No need to even mention that one.

No need to even mention.

Sure.

But have you ever seen anything like this guy?

You know, I've never come across a being that is mostly salt.

Yeah, maybe there's some sort of planet out there.

Beef gravy jizz.

I don't know.

It seems like a natural creation of this earth.

I can't.

I am a natural creation.

What the hell?

Where'd you grow up?

Salt and beef gravy jizz.

Simi Valley.

Maybe you're a TV dinner.

You understand.

You guys, you gotta understand.

Wait, hold on.

There's no way I'm a TV dinner.

Well, you said salt and beef gravy jizz.

It just reminds me of sitting in front of the TV.

Sure, and potatoes.

Growing up, you know.

Yeah.

When you say Simi Valley, I wonder if there's a planet out there in the universe called Simi Valley.

Well, of course, there's the planet of interpretation.

Guys, no.

Guys, you gotta understand.

Simi Valley's in the valley.

You get temperatures in the triple ditch.

OK, sure.

OK, you understand.

When you get...

As opposed to the middle ditch, thank you.

Don't know who that is.

Sounds like a turd.

Anyway...

We called him Richard.

He hated it.

He stormed out of here.

Yeah, he was really bad.

We didn't talk about that.

Was that that dingus that I saw coming out?

Yeah.

Oh, I wanted to call him, but yeah, maybe.

Yeah.

Leading man type.

Oh, yeah, he's a real looker.

Anyway, you gotta understand the heat that high compresses things, OK?

A lot of medical anomalies come out of Simi Valley.

What else?

Well, there's a boy with two backs.

Oh, right.

That's from Simi Valley.

I've heard of the beast with two backs, but a boy with literally two backs.

He's got a spine in the front and a spine in the rear.

Two spines.

Yeah.

Double spine.

Two butt holes?

No, two spines.

Oh, just one butthole and one penis?

Two spines connect to one butthole.

OK.

And then the butt, then the two spines also connect to one head.

The spines connected to the butthole.

Do you not know?

You're asking, you're trying to tell me I'm not human.

You don't even know.

The spines connected to the butthole.

We learned this.

Ghostbusters.

We learned this.

Right.

Wow.

Can I just say, I was a bad student in sixth, seventh grade, and the teachers would always look at my homework and be like, see me.

And I'm like, oh, God, here I am back in Simi Valley.

Here we are.

Thank you.

Oh, OK.

You're welcome.

OK.

So do you know any of these other medical anomalies, and do you team up with them ever?

Like, do you have some sort of a- Are you in a freak squad of some sort?

That's a great way to put it.

We wouldn't call ourselves freaks, man.

We call ourselves maybe a little, would call ourselves alternative.

OK.

Sure.

But you know that old Harlem Globetrotters cartoon on Saturday mornings where like, you know, metal or lemon could turn into a basketball.

Can you please not, I'm only halfway through the first season.

Oh, OK.

Wait, you haven't gotten to the part where he turns into a basketball yet?

Not yet.

That's pretty quickly in the first- Yeah, but if you could just not spoil it.

Anything in the first six episodes, I'm good.

OK.

I'm pretty sure they turn into like spaghetti and stuff like that.

We wouldn't call them a freak squad, certainly, but no.

The only cartoon I remember is the Pro Stars.

What is the Pro Stars again?

As far as I remember, it was a cartoon with Wayne Gretzky, Michael Jordan.

I'm interested.

And um- You're miming running right now, but running like Tom Cruise with extended fingers.

The football player that also played other sports.

Oh, Bo Jacks.

Bill Fridge Perry.

Bo Jacks.

Do you not remember- am I the only one that remembers this cartoon?

They had a cereal and everything.

They had a cereal?

Is it like the first podcast?

Somebody get this on a computer, man.

I don't remember.

None of us have computers.

Somebody bring this up on TiVo.

I confiscated all of our cell phones before the- Hold on, let me go back in time.

Oh wow, that show was- OK, I do remember.

You can go back in time?

Oh yeah, I can run back and forth at times.

Through the Speed Force?

The Speed Force allows for a lot of good- But yes, it is a good show, Thomas.

It does exist.

You watched all of them?

I watched all of them and I will not spoil what happened to me.

It's true, I'm not insane.

You looked it up.

We don't think you're insane.

Pro stars.

Pro stars, man.

It was- None of us say we think you're one of the most sane people we've ever met.

OK, good.

Thank you.

The cartoon I liked was called G-Force.

Remember that?

I remember the Zach Galifianakis movie G-Force.

Oh God, here we go.

With the hamsters and- What other famous comedians are you friends with, Scott?

David Wayne.

Whoa, David, come on.

Thomas Middleditch.

Impressive.

So, what are your plans for the future?

I mean, obviously, you can't just be satisfied with this life, can you Brody?

Well, you're right.

No.

I'm talking to Brody, not you, Brody.

Yeah, yeah, no, of course.

My life is- it actually is not one life.

That's true.

That and that is- that's tough.

That's true.

Look, honestly, I just want something simple, OK?

Yeah.

All I want is for my- Keep it simple, stupid.

Is for my skin to be able to tolerate the sun.

I know that, you know, I'm gonna run out of force eventually.

OK?

I would love to be able to digest anything other than- Those four things.

Those four things.

Hey, have you ever thought that, you know, I know of some other creatures that are unable to tolerate the sun.

They're called vampires.

What are you suggesting, dude?

Well, did anything happen to you two months ago where maybe you were out at night, you know, hanging around in a dark alley?

All I can think of is about two months ago, I woke up with two holes in my neck and then every time I eat a zucchini, potato, onion, or eggplant, I have to dip it in human blood.

OK, well that is all I can think of.

You might be a vampire.

Yeah, you might be a vampire.

You know that, Jeff Fox?

If you can't eat roasted vegetables without dipping them in blood, you might be a vampire.

Yeah, man, that's fun.

All right, I think we've cracked it.

So then you're immortal too!

Oh wow!

You guys have so much in common!

Hey man, I'll show you the ropes.

It's hard, but you'll get used to it.

Did you do anything to that park ranger, by the way, that you were...

Um, I only bit her.

Man, I think you are a vampire.

There's no way, man.

There's no way.

I'm from Simi Valley.

We figured it out.

All right, we're running out of time.

We only have time for one last feature on the show and it's time for something called Plugs.

Wow, that was professional.

I like it.

That was Dead Friends with It's Time for Plugs, Baby.

That rocked hard as hell.

Yeah, that must be an actual band.

That was totally transcendent.

That's a lot like the kind of music that a goth vampire would listen to.

Are you kidding me?

That's...

I've heard that song.

Yeah.

Okay, wow.

Why don't we plug in, David, do you have anything coming up?

The upcoming...

There's a new James Bond movie that's opening tomorrow.

Tomorrow, yes, right.

And I play James Bond in it.

Bond James Bond?

Mm-hmm.

Oh my god.

Let me test you out.

Would you like a drink, sir?

Yeah.

Wow!

It's great?

Perfect.

That's like from the movie.

Holy shit.

But it's been a lot of fun and I hope people check it out.

Okay, great.

Tomorrow.

It's incredible.

The opening wide.

Rudy North, hey.

Yeah.

Opening wide.

Well, of course.

Like my dad.

You know that joke?

No.

Oh yeah, because when your dad spreads it for you.

Yeah.

Come on.

I don't think I know that joke.

Oh my...

You guys, let's be honest.

We all fuck our dads.

Come on.

Yeah, I know I do.

It's not my experience.

When you live as long as I do.

Obviously...

Is your dad immortal?

Yeah.

He's a wizard.

We've talked about this.

We gotta get...

We gotta talk about this at some point.

Because I need to plug my TV show, Wrecked on TBS.

I'm a writer on that TV show.

You want Rudy North as a writer?

Yeah, Rudy North is a writer on Wrecked season three.

Wow, you must have a lot of experience.

I mean, growing up immortal, you must have been on islands.

I wrote on I Love Lucy.

Oh, you did?

I did.

I wrote the pilot.

I heard that was a fun room to be in.

Was that the chocolate factory one?

It was the chocolate factory one.

And I said, why don't we make it chocolate?

The rest is history.

Wow.

So yeah, you can check out Wrecked on TBS with the TBS app.

It's a funny show.

Okay, I gotta check that out.

It's funny.

Brody Broderson, anything to plug here?

Yeah, depending on when this thing drops.

Yeah.

That dorkus Maximus Middlesmitch.

He's got a show, middle edition Schwartz of that old crazy cuckoo caca boy, Ben Schwartz.

Yeah, we'll be hearing from him in just a second.

Yeah, they do two Pearson improv and they got a whole show.

And the next dates are Phoenix on the 26th of October at the Orpheum Theater.

I want to see that.

And on the 27th, October 27th at the North Theater in San Francisco.

Wow.

Is he going to fly from Phoenix to San Francisco?

Middle sports is going to fly his little airplane pilot, which is such a lame thing.

So wait, you're going to go to this show in Phoenix.

You know the sun is very prevalent.

I'm not going to attend.

Oh, you just wanted to plug it.

You just want to plug it.

Yeah, I'm just a big fan.

Oh, okay.

Do you traverse through the underground tunnels here in California?

Do you know, did you see Hereditary?

I did, yes.

You know when at the end she claws her way through air?

Sure, yeah.

That's how I get around.

Okay.

And you sleep in the trees because they offer you the cover of the sun.

Are you talking about eighth grade?

She claws through the air.

I want to plug my X-Men comic, I believe is out around now or sometime soon.

X-Men Black Mojo number two.

So go check that out in a comic store near you.

All right, let's close up the old plug bag.

Whoa, what a bag.

It's time to open it.

It's time to open the bag.

Oh yeah, that was Ben Schwartz, the aforementioned of course.

Guys, I want to thank you, David.

Always great to see you.

Thank you, Scott.

A pleasure.

Let's get that REM cover band going, if you don't mind.

Hello, for real.

Hello.

Yeah, I'm always wondering, when are we going to talk about REM?

I feel like we're getting...

You want to be on the REM show?

That's what I feel like.

You must have been there since the early days.

Yeah, I know so much about REM and their ancestors.

Also, I feel like...

Their ancestors?

Yeah, yeah, I know a lot of them.

It's magical.

Like cavemen?

The way they came together is magical, Scott, and I do have that insight.

Oh, thank you for the reference to They Came Together.

But do you have a day on Earwolf where all of the podcasts talk about REM?

Yeah, yeah, definitely.

We have REM day where we make off books, sing about it, and Yo, Is This Racist discusses...

Just like, it's racist.

Yeah.

Has anyone ever even thought about what REM stands for?

No.

Why?

What do you...

Do you know?

I'm asking the question, dude.

Oh, okay.

You don't know.

Because the R stands for racist.

The only reason I bring up...

Racism everywhere, man.

And I know that you guys don't have enough time on your REM podcast to cover it all.

Sure, yeah.

So it's good to spread it out.

Yeah, they're only two and a half hours.

Yeah.

All right.

Well, Rudy, always great to see you.

Great to see you, Scott.

We got to get into some of your backstory at some point.

Yeah, yeah.

I'll see you at Speed Force Thanksgiving.

Yeah, my best friend.

That'll be great.

I'll see you.

Yeah, great to see you.

Next time I'm here, Scott, we'll dig into my backstory.

Oh, thank you for promising that.

I expect you now.

Okay.

And Brody Broderson, so good to meet you.

Please don't attack us.

Well, you're a vampire.

Yeah, you thirst for human blood.

Well, I can picture something like that in my mind every time I close my eyes, but it's not like I want it.

I got to get my friend Dalton Wilcox in here.

Yeah, Dalton Will.

Yeah, right.

All right, we'll see you next time.

Thanks.

Bye.
