♪ Mother's womb is in full bloom, so father is feeling doom and gloom.

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

Hmm, alright.

Uh, thanks to Call Waiting for Godot for that catchphrase submission, and welcome to Comedy Bang Bang for another edition.

Alright, the levels sound pretty good, let's just, uh, let's hit record and let's get cracking.

Uh, Geno, we've started.

Okay, yeah, my bad.

Did you hear the music? Do you know what music is?

Oh, should I put these on?

These headphones?

Yeah, the headphones? Yeah, yeah, please put the- okay, yeah, they're only- Oh, with the cans on, I can hear everything now.

But you're not hearing music because we already played it.

Yeah, I don't hear music. I just hear you talking and I hear myself talking.

You know music, right? Other than Billy Joel?

If it's not Billy Joel, would you be able to pick out- It still constitutes as music?

Okay, let me, let me sing something and you'll tell me if it's music or not.

Oh my god, I've never seen someone get so in their own wheelhouse immediately.

Okay, here we go, ready?

Happy birthday to you.

Doesn't sound familiar to me.

Okay, but is it music?

I don't know! I've never heard it before. How am I supposed to know if it's music or not?

Ah, welcome to the show.

Welcome, thank you for having us.

We've already started, yes.

Excellent, let's do it again.

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang. My name is Scott Aukerman. I'm the host of the episode over here.

Pouring Waters is- Whoops, spilling waters on the mic. That's not a problem, right? These are waterproof?

No, they're not.

What? I thought they were podcasting for like, you know, Sworkel pods or whatever.

No, these are all hooked up to electrical equipment.

Oh, Jesus. Okay.

You didn't know that mics were electric?

I see these outlets over here and they're empty, so I assume nothing's plugged in in here.

Yeah, those are just regular asshole outlets.

Oh, you could just- what is an asshole outlet?

I don't know, people plug their- You put three fingers in and it really starts to work? Just like a regular asshole?

All right, welcome to the show. My- I'm out. You guys, you're hosting your thing.

My intern, Gino Lombardo is here. Lombardo or Lombardi? I can't remember.

It's Lombardo.

Lombardo, right?

Yeah, yeah.

What would be the difference between Lombardo and Lombardi?

If you're Lombardi, you have to get into football. And if you're Lombardo, you have to own a small marina in Freeport, New York.

Very good. And- How have you been, Scott? I know we'll get to the actual recording of the episode shortly, but how have you been, man?

Wow, no one ever asked me that. I've been all right. I mean, I've been- That's why that's an absolutely fucking boring episode.

Yes, exactly.

Because you talk to interesting people, but you never say- Yes, but I'm not an interesting- I don't like to reveal any sort of information about myself, any kind of personal information.

You can comb through all 580 episodes or so, you will never find out anything about me.

You're on the record as saying, I am not interesting.

Yes, oh, no, I'm very interesting. I just don't want people to know anything about me.

Oh, okay, so you're saving that for a whole new podcast, like down the line when Lederman goes on Netflix- Exactly.

And takes these long bearded interviews. You're gonna do shit like that. You're gonna be like, now I'm gonna talk to boring people about how interesting I am.

Yes, exactly. I'll find the most boring people alive.

And really just spew info about yourself.

Just talk their ear off.

Yeah, that sounds like a fucking good time. I'd watch that.

In the meantime, let's talk to you, Gino. You haven't been on the show in so long.

It's been a minute. I've been trying to find some new revenue sources, because I'm about to graduate pretty soon from Nassau Community College.

I've been wondering. You've been, first of all- I have over 1,000 credits.

And none from here, because I feel bad. I cannot give you any credit for the sporadic nature of your work.

I know, I know, but due to just child labor laws, and adult labor laws, I'm able to- Labor laws across the board.

Right, because I was a child when I started working here, but now I'm technically an adult. I lost my virginity.

Oh, wait a minute. So you were over 18, you had just not lost your virginity?

Yeah, so I'm a child by Long Island standards.

Okay, you were a sex child.

A sex child, yes.

Wait a minute, maybe we should rephrase.

That's why I got the tattoo that says sex child.

Oh no, really?

But now I'm a sex adult.

You're a sex adult. Great, congratulations.

Yeah.

Who was the first- Oh god, forgive me, I cannot remember his or her name.

Their name.

Their name, yes. Thank you very much.

That's just a safer way.

Are you trying to protect their identity, or you just really don't know- I was a very- one of those situations where you know, you go into a room at a party, everyone has masks and like, cloaks on, and then you sort of just present yourself on like a lazy Susan type situation.

Is this a haunted house?

I'm not positive. I was a Chinese food delivery guy, I was dropping off some food at this party and then- Wait, you were dressed as one because it was a haunted house?

No, no, no, no, I was actually delivering Chinese food for Angs in South America, and when I pulled up to this party it was just a bunch of like, Eyes Wide Shut freaks with like long like, Commediae del Auté masks and the fucking judges' robes.

The long noses.

Yeah, it was very phallic. I got on a table on all fours, they sort of like covered me in coconut oil, and started spinning me around on a lazy Susan and just taking turns eating my ass, you know, spit-roasting me all the time.

Oh dear, alright.

So that's when I lost my Virginia, and now that's why I think I know what sex is.

Because from what you've told me out of the two examples that you offered, neither of those are technically sex, according to Bill Clinton.

Right, to be fair, yeah, we're going by Clinton, slow burn.

Here's the thing though, I've been trying to get other revenue streams going, I've been trying to- Yeah.

Are you familiar with commercials? They're on television in between programming and stuff?

I tend to skip through them now, but yes, I remember them.

Yeah, well apparently you can make a little bit of money, a lot of big comics are doing it, like Tom Middleditch is doing Verizon.

Oh yeah, he has those Verizons, yeah, that I've seen.

Yeah, and then some people are doing branded content, but that's bullshit. But like, what I'm talking about is, I'm trying to get, remember the A1 Steak Sauce commercial?

Oh, I don't- Hit you right here, hit you right here.

Oh gosh, I don't remember the commercial.

Okay, well that's what I've been trying to get off the ground, is a reboot of that commercial.

A reboot.

Okay, yeah, because, you know, why don't they- A1 Steak Sauce needs to come back, because, you know, Trump's putting ketchup on steak, what the fuck, let's get the A1 and then hit you right here, hit you right here.

They reboot television programs, they reboot movies all the time, but never commercials.

Yeah, they rebooted Mighty Ducks three times.

Yeah, well, those were sequels.

Well, every time, I don't know about you, but I got booted again.

Wait, you got kicked out of the theater, turning base?

I got kicked out, because I can't see Emilio Estevez on screen without cranking off, I got kicked out of Young Guns, I got kicked out of Men at Work, and I was fucking two or three when those movies came out.

Even as a young lad, I couldn't help but fucking crank down, you know?

As a sex child.

As a sex child. Blood sugar sex child.

So, you're trying to get these commercials off the ground.

I've been shot, like, you know, 25 episodes of this reboot of- 25 commercials.

25, yeah, 25 30-second episodes of the A1 Steak Sauce commercial reboot.

About 12 and a half minutes or so.

Yeah, I can't do the math, I don't have time, I don't have a phone in front of me, because I turned my phone off because I'm a pro.

Oh, okay.

Yeah.

You didn't lose it or anything.

No, I lost it.

Okay, where? Have you turned on Find My Phone or anything?

The valet guy asked me for keys and I didn't drive here, so I just handed him my phone.

And I don't know if that's what I was supposed to do, but I thought it was like a Dave Chappelle concert up here or something.

So you just- if he holds his hand out, you figure you have to give him something.

I just slapped my T-Mobile sidekick right in his hand and just walked in.

Alright, well he may give that back to you at the end of the day.

He fucking better.

Okay.

I got some Dominican teens I want to text with.

Okay, Logano. So how have you taped 25 of these commercials?

Do you know- are you familiar with commercial directors?

Yeah, by the way, you can stop asking me if I'm familiar with things. You're saying very basic things.

You're like a radio guy, so I'm just wondering if you know.

I have watched television, I know about directors.

Oh, okay, okay. So yeah, because I watch a ton of television. I didn't know someone would shoot it.

I thought they were all just real people pretending that they liked Subway sandwiches and stuff.

Really?

Okay, I know. Would it surprise you to know that in every commercial, whoever is saying whatever they're saying is very, very nervous they're about to get fired at all times.

Oh my god, yeah. That's kind of hot. You know the idea of a possible fucking issue happening? I like that.

If there's ever a couple who are holding hands or arm around each other, they've just met and they are probably disgusted by each other.

What? Well, what about the guy who lost all that weight eating Subway sandwiches? Is he an actor too?

Unfortunately no, that's one of the few ones.

I don't like his most recent work.

I've only seen a few of his most recent things, but they're upsetting.

Yeah, they are. Wait, you saw them?

Yeah, I accidentally was on a weird share drive on the Silk Road.

Okay, you've got to scrub your computer.

Oh yeah, yeah, I have. I gave it the bleach dip.

Okay, so you've- Now I have a white laptop.

You've taken the services of a commercial director?

Yes, this guy Michael Gandry or something like that.

Michelle Gandry?

Yes, I knew it was kind of like a gay pronunciation of it.

And you can say that in that manner because you are?

Bisexual.

Yes.

And I don't, I guess maybe I can even, you know?

Yeah, you probably shouldn't.

I shouldn't, so I'll stay out of it. But I am a bisexual adult sex man.

You are a BSASM.

BSASM, that's what my other tattoo says.

Because as I've progressed, I crossed off sex child. I didn't have a chance to get a full- Yes.

But once these commercials hit, I'll be getting what's it called?

AFTRA? I'll be getting some AFTRA paychecks and I'll be fucking printing money.

Yeah, well, I mean, you know, those AFTRA checks, they dwindle and dwindle until- Oh, no, no, no. This one I needed to hit hard. I'm in fucking- Why? What's going on with you?

They're trying to shut down, they're trying to bulldoze my mom's house.

They're trying to bulldoze it? How are they trying to?

It seems like they would show up with a bulldozer and do it or not.

Well, my mom is, she's currently, my mom and my uncle Jimmy- Has she chained herself to- She's chained herself to the front of her house because they want to, they want to pave it over and put up a parking lot.

Oh, no, the Joni Mitchell special?

What is that? I'm not familiar.

So what has she chained herself, she's chained herself to the house like a bicycle or something?

Yeah, I guess like a lot of different things can be chained, but a bicycle is probably the best example.

She's chained herself like one arm to one set of bay windows, the other arm to another set of bay windows.

Right, so no one steals her?

Yes, so no one can steal her. And it goes all the way around the house and you have to go through her legs to like a wheel.

Oh, no, so- Because a lot of people just pop a wheel off a bike if you steal. I don't know about you, I've got a garage full of fucking mountain bike wheels.

I got a GT dyno wheel if you're looking for one.

Oh, I'm not.

What about a mongoose wheel? I got a mongoose wheel.

What other types do you have?

Plastic rims. Stingray?

Nope.

Do you need a GT mountain bike?

Nope.

Okay, that's all I got.

Those are- you only have four, but you have- I have a few car tires too, but I have multiple of them because all those tires come in pairs.

Of course, yeah. But the bicycle tires, they come in singles.

They come in pairs like that movie Call Me By Your Name.

Okay, so- Oh, no, they come in peaches.

That was in peach, yeah.

Okay, yeah, yeah, yeah. I get all the fruit confused because you know I'm on the keto diet, so I don't really know the fruit.

Oh, I had no idea. So you don't know fruits because you don't eat them?

Yeah, because I don't have time to learn them. Once now I've learned all the meats and vegetables and shit. I don't have room for fruits.

Did you used to know them and they've just slipped out of your mind? Like there's- I used to know fruits, then I learned prepositions and fruits went out of my mind.

How much space is available in your mind? How much memory would you say?

The way the doctor explained it is that I have a graduated cylinder of about 100 millimeters and I'm just pouring fucking info liquid in there and it's pure- I'm getting no surface tension and shit's just blowing out the top.

So sometimes new stuff I'm learning goes in one ear and one out the other ear, or sometimes it goes in one ear and pushes some other shit out the other ear.

Right, yeah.

And I've been a fucking weird puss coming out of my ears for a month now.

You have, really, and you think that's related to information coming out of your ears?

It's either that or I rode the Gravtron at the Merrick County Street Fair 1,000 times in one weekend.

Okay, I think it might have been that.

Why would you do something like that, Geno?

Someone dared me. Someone said, there's no way you can handle that G-force 1,000 times. I'm like, astronauts do it all the time. I fucking love astronauts. I got this.

I mean, what's 1,000 times G-force? That's- Oh, I don't know, because it's not- you never hit 1,000 G because you only hit whatever the G is, but I hit it 1,000 times.

So I rode it nine hours on a Thursday, Friday, Saturday, and Sunday, and then I've been having leaky head and- Yeah, you don't look good.

Yeah.

You're already like a thin, gaunt, sickly looking individual.

Yeah, it was really fun for me to be on the Gravtron as such a small person, because that thing- You could have just floated away.

Yeah, you can hold onto the railing in the middle, and then you'll go fucking parallel to the ground, and then when you let go, you fucking shoot right against the wall.

I can't believe they let kids on this fucking thing. It's wild.

If you puke, it just fucking blasts you back and- It blasts right back in the face, yeah.

It's hot. It's like, you know when a chick sucks your dick and then she pops- Okay, all right, all right, all right, all right, all right, all right, all right, all right.

Sorry, sorry. Let me guess, it's not that kind of show.

It's not, Geno.

It hits you right here, it hits you right here, and I'm talking about the cum.

Okay, okay, oh God.

Geno, I apologize to all new listeners. This is not what we talk about every week, but tell me more about these commercials.

Hey, I'm a new listener to this podcast. Let me tune in to episode 541.

Well, it happens.

I recognize none of these names.

So, Geno, you've taped 25 commercials.

I've taped 25 commercials.

Have you been in touch with the A1 Steak Sauce people?

Yeah, they've sent me a lot of cease and desist letters.

Really?

Yeah, yeah. So I've ceased, but I haven't desisted.

I'm not sure how you can just do one or the other, but- I'm pretty sure it said cease or desist.

Cease and or desist.

It said cease and or desist.

And I chose cease.

You chose or.

So now I'm still going to not desist. I'm going to pro-cist.

Yeah, hashtag desist.

Is it insist? What's the opposite of desist?

I don't know. I guess desist, no, it would be continue, but- Insist? Resist?

Yeah, resist, resist. Are you a resist?

I've been called that before.

Yo, is this resist?

So, that's a good hashtag too. Yo, is this resist?

Oh yeah.

For a political show.

Welcome to the resist.

Yeah, political show on here, Wolfier.

Oh, you did something remotely human-like? Well, welcome to the resistance.

Yeah.

I'm sick.

By the way, about your mother, how long has she been chained to this house?

Oh, I don't know. When I left six weeks ago, she was chained, still chained.

She was still chained, yeah. Is someone feeding her? Is she on an IV of some sort?

She's on an IV.

Some sort of hamster thing?

Yeah, it's all of the above, to answer your question.

Really?

Yeah, she's- She just wanted to cover all the bases.

Well, she's like, I can't guarantee that the nurse is going to come and change my IV all too frequently.

And then she also wanted the gerbil thing just for safety purposes. And then- When you say the gerbil thing, are you talking about the Rod Stewart thing? Or the- Oh, I'm sorry. You meant like the water bottle.

Yeah, yeah.

Yeah, no, we gotta get her one of those. We have been putting a gerbil in her ass and then lighting a fire outside of her ass all to get it to kind of burrow in there.

It really helps her with like preventing her bowels from moving, because, you know, she's fucking stuck to the house.

We don't need her shitting on the fucking storm door.

All right, all right.

All right. You ask these questions. You literally say, is it a gerbil up the ass and then- What?

Huh?

Look, let's get to like some interesting sites. So let's do the opening again. All right.

Okay, yeah.

Engineer, roll open.

Okay, no, we don't have to do the whole opening again, but we have a great show for people. Are you excited to have some people on the show?

Yeah, I don't know. Who cares?

We have royalty coming up on the show.

Oh, fuck. I love that show.

That's exciting. And we also have a rope trick expert. So that's- Wow, you know, you can get both of those people in the same room only on this show.

I know. Handsome jerk off from Long Island.

Hey, hey, hey.

Hey, hey, hey, hey.

It's hard to argue. You call me by my title, a jerk off, and where I'm from, Long Island.

What's going on in Long Island these days? I mean, other than your mom, they're trying to- are they trying to just a parking lot, like a multi-level?

Yeah, they're going to build a huge parking lot because everything there is becoming so like- well, here's the thing. You know, MS-13 has like taken full cities hostage on Long Island.

Sure, of course.

As the Republican government would have you know, which is this is all true.

All true stuff.

Cities need to be liberated from the MS-13 gang. And if you ask any 60 year old white women who make six figures a year, they'll let you know that the MS-13 is coming into their town.

Meanwhile, houses start at $850,000.

But they're rampaging the streets.

MS-13 is running through the streets. And, oh, by the way, MS-13, a lot of people think means just a gang, but on Long Island, it means anyone who's slightly darker than you.

So a lot of people are even pumping the brakes on tanning, which is huge on Long Island.

Oh, really? Oh, no, this is bad.

Because you know what the Long Island mantra is if you can't tone it, tan it.

Right, of course. Yeah, I mean, there's a tanning bed on every corner, I would think.

Oh, yeah. Oh, God, if only. That's what the forefathers promised us.

Yeah, a lot of people on Long Island, they actually go to sleep in their tanning beds. They don't have normal beds.

It's a way to multitask. You don't blast it the whole night long, but you can like set it to like hit you eight minutes out of every hour.

Why waste time when you're awake? I mean, you have stuff to do.

Yeah, and that's why I prefer Lisa tanning bed mattresses.

We'll get those going. Don't worry.

So anything else going on in Long Island? I mean, you normally reside there and fly out here for the show.

Yes, but this time I had to drive. I had to drive my friend's mom's Prius across town.

Really? Why is that?

Because she wanted to get it out here to someone of her like cook sons or whatever. So I had to.

Wait, one of your brothers?

No, no, this is my friend's mom.

Your friend's mom?

My friend's mom.

Your friend's mom.

My friend's mom said, hey, can my you know, can you drive this car out there for my nephew?

Why doesn't your friend do it?

Because he.

Wait, your friend's mom wants it for her nephew.

Right.

So this is your friend's cousin.

Right, but my friend, Mike Ditaminico, who we're talking about here.

Yeah.

He can't go because he's one of the 95% of Long Islanders who have a DUI.

Oh, so you can't cross.

So you're in the 5%?

Yeah, I've never been caught.

I've never been caught because I was into pills over alcohol when I was younger.

Oh, I see.

Yeah, so I would just take like 100 xenadrin and fucking drive around.

I think they can still get some sort of a citation.

They got to catch me first, motherfucker.

That's the thing. When people do DUI, they're like sleepy and so they drive slower.

That's why you need stimulants. If you're all fucking yacked up on some like, you know, gas station cocaine and some K2.

These kids, they can't catch you motherfuckers.

Right. OK.

Fucking pigs.

So how long did it take you to get from Long Island out here to L.A.?

Oh, it was like nine and a half months.

Like the movie.

Like the movie?

Oh, nine and a half weeks. But the movie was longer.

I think you're thinking of nine months, the Hugh Grant movie.

That's what I'm thinking of. Yes, that's fair.

But to me, it was nine and a half months. Well, I'll round it down so it makes more sense when I say.

OK.

It's like nine and a half months, like the gestational period of a human female.

Why did it take you so long to get here?

Got lost.

Oh, where did you wind up?

I cracked the windows when I was hitting 95 and all my MapQuest directions blew out the window.

Oh, no. You don't have GPS?

My mobile sidekick has no GPS, but I have unlimited text.

So that's unlimited printing, it sounds like for your MapQuest.

Oh, yeah. No, I went to Kinko's for that. It cost me forty dollars.

Oh, no. In quarters.

So I had him because I just came from Nathan's where I smashed open a change machine.

So they all blew out the window. You didn't know just to get on like the I-5 or something like that?

No hindsight's 20 20 oxman.

I just was like, hey, fuck this dude. And I just kept cruising. I went down to Key West.

I was like, what I did was I was just like, I'm on 95. This sounds like it's a real a real road.

And I just took it. Did you just wind up everywhere that the Beach Boys sang about?

Yeah, I was in Aruba. I was in Jamaica. I was in Ooh, I Want to Take Ya.

Oh, you were in Ooh, I Want to Take Ya?

Yeah, it's a small Hawaiian island.

You drove all the way out to Hawaii.

I didn't drive all the way there. I drove all the way to Key West and there was a ferry boat leaving.

I was like, let me hop on this. This will probably head west.

You got all the way to Ooh, I Want to Take Ya.

Oh no.

And then I went back to fucking Key Largo and then we went down to Montego Bay.

And I can't even get, you know, tropical trinks were melting in my hand.

Yeah, I bet. Oh my gosh.

So, but you're finally here.

You know my uncle has a boat named Kokomo?

He does.

Yeah, well, he did, but it burned.

What happened to the boat?

We shot a flare at it.

In order to?

Trying to get his attention because he had left the dock and I was like, Uncle Mike.

And I shot a flare at Kokomo to kind of alert him and it landed in what he, I didn't know he had it, but he had a big bucket of gasoline in there.

Oh no. Why? Just for later?

He says he was going to chum the waters with it. I don't know. I guess it like makes the fish groggy or whatever.

Sure. So just boom, right? Yeah.

Just boom, blew my uncle right out of the fucking water.

Oh no, is he all right?

He landed on the dock completely fine.

Really?

As a matter of fact, he had a crab trap in his hand and there was a crab in it.

And what did the crab do?

The crab went, I might've been a little, I had been huffing some stuff.

So what actually happened now that you know?

I think my uncle dropped a cigarette into a gas tank.

Oh, we shot a flare at him. We missed. And then he must've dropped a cigarette gas tank, blew himself off.

He landed on the dock, not alive.

Oh, so he's dead. No crab.

Oh, it was brutal. It was really fucked up.

You know, like, yeah, he had like, well, you know the thing where you have no skin and you're like, sort of like, this is how, how muscles work.

Oh yeah. Yeah. Slim good body or what have you.

Yes, yes, yes. He was just that. He was that.

Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Just burned off all layers of dermis.

Yeah. He was, but it managed to keep adipose tissue and muscular tissue intact. So it was very actually biological.

Yeah. I learned a lot. Now I know what a latissimus dorsi looks like.

Latissimus dorsi, by the way, will be a guest on the show in the coming weeks.

Well, it's, what a fascinating life you have, Gino. I always.

I know. I know you're supposed to talk to all the interesting people.

I always enjoy our little detours talking to you. You know, you're not a scheduled guest on the show and I never know when you're going to show up.

Yeah, I'm sorry about that.

But to hear you are and I enjoy here, catching up with you and hearing about your life.

Hey, thank you. Same. I love knowing almost nothing about you and you just learning that over all of us.

Sure. If you had to come up with one detail about me, what would you, do you know anything?

You're into Asian chicks.

Okay. Well, one.

Hey, that's that's a good start. That's how they all start.

Like a hundred dead lawyers. A good start.

Oh, I like that. Yeah. Let's kill some fucking lawyers.

Okay.

I mean, to set you off into.

Dude, that's going to be so fucking sick. I'm going to get back to long. I'm going to kill a fucking more.

Please cut his fucking head off slow.

No, no. All right. Look, we need to get to our first guest.

I'll allow it. That's what I'll say.

But literally watch yourself as you hold up.

Fuck his headless corpse. Okay, dear.

All right. We need to get to our. I'm done. I'm done.

I'll stop. Thank you very much. You know, a little later, we're going to have a rope trick expert.

We'll be here, but let's get to this royalty. This we've had a few princes here and there, but I believe this.

More than two princes.

Spin doctor special.

I thought you'd like that. Yep. Thank you. But I believe this may be our first queen. We have. She is a queen.

Please welcome to the show, Cleopatra. Hello, Cleopatra.

Hi. Thanks for having me. It's our pleasure.

It's me, Cleopatra, queen of ancient Egypt.

I have to say your voice. I've seen so many pictures of your hieroglyphics.

Oh, yeah. Yeah. Your voice is not matching up with what I thought it would be.

Oh, yeah. And neither does my body or my face. Right. Well, I didn't you know, I don't like to go there.

Hey, when you're queen, you can make those people dry you however you want. Yeah.

I mean, you're a very traditionally beautiful woman in the drawings. Yeah.

But I look weird in real life. Don't I, Scott? Still beautiful, though.

Oh, thank you. Just not traditionally beautiful. Sort of like a sketchy beautiful. Yeah. Fucked up beautiful.

Like a Picasso or more like one of those caricatures that people do in the park, you know? Yeah.

Yeah. You have like a tiny skateboard or whatever. You're playing soccer. My body is way smaller than my head.

To be fair. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. But it's I actually came here because I want to kind of squash some rumors that history in Hollywood made.

May I ask? Oh, the first rumor is that you're dead, that you've been dead for thousands of years. How are you here?

Yeah. Well, you see some some doctors found me. OK.

And they combine my DNA with a frog's DNA. Oh, so like Jurassic Park, they finally I saw that latest Jurassic Park movie and spoilers.

They weirdly got into human clothing. So that's why your body's so small.

As I look at the closer inspection, it's got a light green sheen to it. Right. Yeah.

And look at my tongue. Oh, that is long as fuck. Yeah.

That hit me right here. Hit me right here. Just like a one.

My goodness. I mean, yeah, because when I watched that Jurassic Park movie, I was like, you know, you know, what we'd like to see in this movie about dinosaurs is a human child.

It's a little girl. You're like, wait a second. This opens up some intriguing doors.

So you you saw Jurassic Park world. That was the first movie I saw because the doctors were like trying to explain what happened.

They're like, this is what happened to you. And I was confused because first of all, I was screaming because I've never seen anything like a movie theater.

How you've seen her like pyramids or what have you. But you've seen dinosaurs.

Yeah, they built the pyramids. They didn't show you like Stargate in order to sort of acclimate yourself for the mummy or something like that.

Like these. This is a movie with pyramids in it. They blindfolded me and brought me to the arclight.

And then they said, oh, at least you have to go to the arclight.

I like that place. Yeah. Is it the dome? It was the dome.

They kick out people who talk too much during the movie. Oh, yeah. Yeah. It's real nice. Yeah. I mean, you were screaming, though.

Were they trying to kick you out? I was screaming and then they were like, were they trying to reboot you? They were trying to reboot me.

But then then they realized they're like, oh, that's Cleopatra.

Oh, we got to do whatever she says.

Well, yeah. I mean, so you still hold the title, even though you're a clone and you know, your title comes all the way to Hollywood, California.

Despite being the queen of you. This is your jurisdiction still. Yeah. OK.

Cradle of civilization, I guess. Thank you. Thank you. Well, bow down to me.

OK. Oh, yeah. OK, so you're half frog, half Cleopatra. Yeah, pretty much.

And let me see your feet. Do you mind? Oh, yeah. Let me take a picture. Oh, yeah.

Oh, yeah. Let me grab a snap. Do you mind jumping up a little bit so I can see those behind the table? OK, ready?

Oh, my God. All right. So yeah. All right. So so Cleopatra, you're here.

OK, great. We know how you're so what are some of these rumors you wanted to say that I'm like, you know, that I was so exotic.

And that I just use my body to like conquer the world. I didn't do any of that. OK.

I was just really good at politics. Oh, interesting. So I mean, the queen isn't an elected position, as far as I know.

That's right. I was born into it. Right. But then upon becoming queen. Yeah.

I didn't have to suck Caesar's dick to get anything done. I just did it for fun.

And then I got that kind of show. It's not the kind of show you talk to interesting people.

You have Cleopatra saying she sucks Caesar's dick and you're saying it's not that kind of show.

Even around at the same time. It doesn't matter. This is the most this is some fucking.

All right. So I mean, it is newsworthy. We're we're it's a breaking story.

So apparently you had oral copulation with Caesar.

Oral anal. Oh, gee.

In my ear one time. In that order?

Yeah, I got a pretty bad infection. In your ears.

I cleaned it up. There's not a lot of people do the M to A to V to E.

Although that's a way you aren't those on the Long Island subway.

The Long Island Railroad is an above ground railroad. And if you want to know what the Babylon line stops are, you can purchase a T-shirt.

That'll clear it all up for you. So so anyway.

So what are some of these other rumors that we we've discussing? So you did suck.

So the rumor that you suck Caesar's dick is true. But it's not for the motivation that everyone knows.

Exactly. It's not for me to be like, oh, I'm going to win over like Rome's like the Romans altogether.

Yeah. And that it wasn't for that. It was pure for me and fun because I just I wanted a dick in my mouth.

And I got a dick in my mouth. It is a fucking great experience, right? It is.

It's weirdly you feel powerless and powerful.

Powerful. Yes. It's like an interesting thing. You feel like, yeah, this is a this is a precarious situation for me to be in.

Having someone else's genitals in my mouth. But at the same time, it's a precarious situation for them.

Yeah. Yeah. Have you ever sucked a dick even by accident?

Again, you're not going to first on a dick.

You're not going to find out anything about my personal life on this show. That's a solid yes.

So what about Anthony? We do. Is Anthony. Anthony. He's my boy.

The one who makes guac. Oh, he's hot too. The second thing that the doctor showed me was queer eye.

Yeah. Oh, really? Because I want to get you acclimated to what society is like. Yes. Did you cry?

I sobbed immediately. I sobbed. That one church lady was so delightful.

Well, you know that Tom ended up with. Yeah, he ended up.

Yeah. They got married.

Yeah. Oh, no, I love it. So that's beautiful.

It's beautiful. Yeah. Oh, yeah. But Anthony from Queer Eye, I love Mark Anthony.

Oh, that's what we're talking about. That's J. Lo's ex-husband.

No, not the singer. What's J. Lo?

Oh, you got a third thing that you see. J. Lo's butt.

Yeah, because it was Jurassic World, Queer Eye and then Right to Here. Yeah. Oh, really? They just took you right to here?

Yeah, just right to here. I'm looking at your itinerary after this. You're supposed to see a picture of J. Lo on the red carpet at the MTV Movie Awards.

Ooh, from a few years ago. Yes. From years ago. I'm supposed to do that.

And then you're supposed to see that picture of Trey Parker and Matt Stone dressed as J. Lo?

It's very helpful to understand satirical culture in America.

OK, great. Well, you have a full schedule. I was I was asking, can I please learn the history of the United States?

And they say you can learn the history of pop culture. Oh, OK.

So you don't know anything about the framers or the Constitution? I don't know anything about framers.

I think you'll learn a little bit when you watch all of I Love the 80s Strikes Back. Oh, yeah.

How do you like Michael Ian Black? Number five. Funny. So you do know him? Funny.

You've just been reading his tweets. Can I say he's one of the doctors? Oh, wait, what?

Yeah, Michael Ian Black. Man, he has so many projects going at the same time.

He hosts every game show. He's a hustler. He's a real hustler.

He has eight books, children's books.

And now he also is a doctor that brings back Cleopatra. But he saves a lot of time by being off social media.

Yep. So, uh, so what?

So Mark Antony. Oh, I love him. He was my number one. He's your number one. Yeah.

My number one. Mine's Joe Manganiello. Oh, well, he's. Oh, you got it.

You got it. Yeah. True blood. Every season of True Blood.

True blood.

True blood. OK. They're based on the Sookie Stackhouse novels. Really fun.

But Al Seed is played by Joe Manganiello and he's hot as fuck. Oh, you might want to read the Sookie Stackhouse novels first.

OK. So then I really get this the show. I would bump that about the J. Lo picture. Maybe get to that immediately.

I don't know. Do you really understand Anna Paquin's butt without seeing J. Lo's butt? You know.

Let's see everyone's butts. I love a good butt. And I got to tell you, Mark Antony, he had such a nice cake. Oh, really? His butt. Oh, my God.

I would go to town on it for hours. A nice slice of olive loaf back there. Oh, yeah.

I would just slice off a little bit for myself. Mark Antony, break me off a piece of that fine ass cake you got back there.

Oh, yeah. I would scream that at him. But in ancient Egyptian. Egyptian. Right. Yeah.

I speak a bunch of languages. That was what some rumors say.

I don't.

I do. I speak a ton of language. I mean, you know, the language is big so far.

I know English. Yeah. You picked up English so quickly. I don't know that it existed back then.

This is from just watching Jurassic Park. You learned English. This is all just from Jurassic Park. Wow.

So a lot of people don't know they said every single word in the English language in the Jurassic Park movies.

The olive loaf. A quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog.

Yeah.

They said it all. They said it all. I speak ancient Egyptian, Roman, Sumerian.

Yeah. English. Of course, you guys are hearing old English.

Old English is great.

Ye ye ye say do well. That's traditional old English as I know it.

Oh, old English. And now frog.

Ribbit. What did you just say right then? I said for those of us who don't know the language. Ribbit is actually rabbit.

So you want a rabbit? Apparently frogs love rabbits. Oh, OK.

No idea. Well, this is newsworthy as well. Right.

Pretty cool. Gray lady, baby. Two prints. Put it in the history books.

So what what other misconceptions are there about you? I was poisoned by a snake.

Oh, right. I was bit by an asp. You were not, though.

I was not. OK. How did how did.

Did you were you bit by anything? I was not bit by anything.

No, I ate the snake.

Whoa. And that's what killed me because you ate a snake. A live snake.

I slurped it up like spaghetti, which was they gave that spaghetti to me during Jurassic World.

They're like, you need to learn what this food is. OK. So this legend about you being bit by snake just happened.

Oh, no, no. She learned what spaghetti is from you. I like the snake and you retroactively learned that the way you worked it. Yeah, this is I slurp the spaghetti like I had slurp the snake that killed me.

So when you were eating the spaghetti, you were like, oh, my God, this is exactly how I slurp snakes.

And they're like, the analogy is simpler if you say slurp like spaghetti. Right. And you were like, got it.

Yes. And I was like, now I get it. Now I can make it in this modern world.

I learned what spaghetti was when a doctor went to go to the doctor when I was five to have my testicle dropped.

And he fucking slapped me with a manicotch shell. And my mom explained to me that that's what spaghetti was.

You needed to manually drop it. Yeah. I had an undescended testicle, so I had to get a doctor to go in there and drop it.

Just massage it somehow. No, you slit in between the groin and thigh and you reach up there and you just pull it down into the sack.

And sort of like trying to like when a Coke at a Coke machine, if it doesn't drop, you got to reach up there and pull it down.

Then when you can rock the machine back and forth, then eventually drops into the sack.

And then it never you can always tell which one was the one that was undescended. Yeah, it stays tight.

I did something like that to Alexander the Great. Really?

Yeah. But his shit was descended.

But I did that kind of move and he loved it.

A lot of people say if you tug on your balls at the point of climax, it'll slow it down a little bit, maybe even increase the stimulation.

Wow. Yeah, so give that a crack. I'm going to give it a whirl.

I'm going to tug on some balls.

I learned all of those words from Jurassic World, too.

So why would you slurp a snake like that? I was kind of messed up and just hungry.

Me and Mark, we were just kind of, yeah, looking for stuff to eat. We were just looking.

We were drinking some wine. And I got to tell you, wine back in the day. Yeah, it wasn't wine.

It was like moonshine or something. Yeah. Like you didn't know if you would be able to see after you took a swig or what would happen.

That sounds fucking fun. It was fun.

So was there a snake in a bowl somehow? Like it had crawled up into a bowl and you just were like, hey.

Yeah, there's a snake in a bowl eating an apple. And I was like, this looks too good to be true.

So then we tried to do where he would have one end.

Lady and the Tramp. Oh, it's a Lady and the Tramp. You got to see that next.

Lady and the Tramp. I would hold off and wait and see the live action one when it comes out.

Definitely going to be better. Just wait.

Disney's got it figured out. The thing we loved about those cartoons is we eventually want to see live action versions of them.

So he started with one end, but then I got greedy and I slipped all of it out of his mouth. What type of snake was it?

An asp. It was an asp. You got to be careful when you're eating asp.

All kids these days are eating asp.

So so you just swallowed it down. That's what. How did it kill you? Did you suffocate?

It was still alive in your inside your stomach.

Got it. And then it started just chewing its way out, chewing its way out, which is how we used to torture people.

Oh, it's kind of we would put a rat on their stomach. Isn't that ironic?

Oh, I got to play that record for you. Oh, OK.

The best way to understand irony is from Jagged Little Pills by Alanis Morissette. Isn't that ironic?

That's ironic. This is on my list. Jagged Little Pills.

You're going to love the song about Dave Coulier. Oh, I guess you got to watch all seasons of Full House and Fuller House before you listen to that record.

Can't hurt to watch the later season America's Funniest Home Videos. Yeah.

Oh, no. He was in America's Funniest People. America's Funniest Home Videos was Danny Tanner. You should watch both.

Yeah. My list is getting huge. My list is getting really big.

When you get all that done, I recommend The Wire. But definitely watch all of Full House, Fuller House, and America's Funniest Home Videos.

Oh, and Sopranos as well. Like, you got to see Sopranos.

That shit's all bullshit. What? Yeah, that show is all bullshit.

What about can I ask you guys? Yeah. What's a good what's a good history?

Like, what's a good thing I should know about this? Drunk history. Drunk history. Drunk history. Yeah. Just watch that.

It'll solve all your problems. Yeah, exactly. OK, good.

Plus, it'll be a lot like, you know, you and Mark Antony drinking that wine.

You know, people get to that state. Oh, it's really funny.

Oh, yeah. Very dangerous. Yeah.

Yeah. I'm not sure quite how they get insurance on that show. You know, I feel like some people just maybe drink a little too much when they're on that show.

Yeah, I've seen some people get really fucked up. Yeah.

These people are fucking crazy.

Yeah. So you said that there was a lot of rumors about you, but famously there is that hieroglyphic of you bent over with a snake head sticking out of your ass and a snake tail.

Sticking out of your mouth. Yeah. We thought it was supposed to be symbolic or something, but it's just literally what happened.

It's what happened. OK. It is what happened. Yeah. And while it was happening, I was going, don't draw this.

Please don't draw this. Please don't draw this. But they did. But back then, everybody had a paint.

Everyone had a paintbrush on them. They could slap a hieroglyphic.

Anyone had charcoal. Everybody just like you guys have those phones.

Everybody had some charcoal, some paint, something to chisel.

And they were just ready. They were ready for anything.

Wow. That's too bad. No privacy as the queen of ancient Egypt. How did you feel when after Jurassic Park when they showed you those drawings?

Just bummed out. Yeah. Bummed out. Kind of all of it bummed me out. I mean, you're famous for the wrong reasons.

I'm famous for the way wrong reasons. I was good at being queen. Yeah. People don't know that. What were some of the things you did as queen?

Like you enslaved a lot of people, enslaved a ton of people.

But that was OK.

I think, yeah, you're on the wrong side of history. That one's aged poorly.

The only way you're really allowed to have slaves now is through some weird sort of internship program where you work for 10 years and never get college credit or get paid.

Or you could do improv. Have you been to UCB sunset?

Not yet. That's on my list. I'd rather start with sunset.

That's on my list. That's on my list.

That's on my list. I'm going to go on a Monday night at ten thirty.

OK. Sounds like there's a good team there. Yeah, yeah. OK.

Look, we have to take a break. Cleopatra, can you stick around?

I mean, I know you have a very busy schedule after this, but I got a lot of stuff to watch.

All right. When we stick around. Great. When we come back, we will have a rope trick expert.

Idaho will be here. This is very exciting. We'll be right back with more comedy bang bang after this. Roll ads.

Comedy bang bang. We are back here. Gino Lombardo is here.

Hit record.

You didn't record. I'm not positive. I had a lot of buttons.

You're not positive. That's good. I'm not positive.

You're in the five percent. I'm in the five percent. So we also have Cleopatra here, who I guess a Cleopatra frog hybrid.

Was it a famous frog? The WB frog. The dubba dubba dubba WB frog? So Michigan J. Yes, yes, yes, yes.

He's like one of the three frogs I know. So that's a good one. You may burst out into song at any point.

At any moment. Well, we'll be waiting for that.

Well, it's time to get to our next guest. Now I know why Cleopatra has a top hat and king.

That wasn't part of the lore. I didn't understand that. So I didn't quite understand. That came from the frog part of me.

Yeah. Let's get to our next guest. He is a rope trick expert. Please welcome Idaho. Hello, Idaho.

Howdy. Welcome. Glad to be here. Thank you for welcoming us.

You need a little help with that water?

Oh, there you go. You lifted it up to my mouth. Yes, with my hands now. Separate from being gracious. Thank you very much.

Although I am chivalrous to a fault. I'm also handy with the ropes. Yes. Mind if I demonstrate? Did you bring some?

Not here.

Oh, you have any here? Yeah. Well, I have a large chest full of ropes. Great. Great. Just mind if I search an occasion.

You want to know my first day of the internship, Scott Aukerman was like, look, let me show you the ropes.

And he just opened up a treasure box. He's like, yeah, we keep these in case there's a rope expert who forgot them.

Fan of the old wordplay, are you? Well, I am too. This guy loves this shit. Oh, it's great. I'm a huge fan of puns myself.

Really? What's your favorite? My favorite is rule of thumb, more like rule of guns.

Alright. I don't know what you're talking about. I'm a fan of that one. Write that down. Rule of thumb is more like rule of guns. That's my favorite pun.

So what is the first? Mind if I just use one of these ropes here? Can I help myself? Sure. Yeah, help yourself.

What is the first rule of guns when it comes to rope tricks?

The rule of guns when it comes to rope tricks is try not to out, try not to get into fights with people with guns.

Got it. OK. You don't want to bring a rope to a gunfight.

That's right. It would be like a dago to bring a knife to a gunfight.

Well, I'm not going to endorse or even get near any of your.

I think I'm allowed to say dago. That one I'm for sure allowed to say.

Well, still, you shouldn't. Yeah, I'm not going to endorse or even pretend like I heard any of the controversial statements that you're saying.

Yeah, try not to bring a rope to a gunfight. That's that's basically what that one. I mean, you can as long as you also have a gun.

Sure. It actually is. That's right. Yeah. Yeah. It might actually be you had an advantage. Gun plus rope would be better than just gun.

Yeah. Gun plus rope beats gun. Beats rock. Beats rope. Yeah.

But does not beat scissors. No, scissors.

Scissors is actually that's even worse for me than guns. So it goes to go to zero and then gun.

Then gun. Yeah. Then rock. No. Yep. Yeah. I'll beat a rock.

Then rope. Then scissor. Yes.

Scissors above rope. Scissors above rope. Oh, that's right.

It can cut the rope. Yeah, I can't go near any.

I can't if someone's got guns out and someone's got scissors. I'm double. So if you don't have a gun, you can beat paper.

If you don't have a gun, if you just have scissors. Yeah.

No, I have rope. Yeah. If you have rope, you can be paper.

But can you beat rock with rope? Let me let me write this down. Yeah. Can you lasso a rock? Oh, yes, you could.

But is it any good? Yes. You'll defeat a rock with a rope.

OK, so rock. Rock actually beats scissors, usually.

Rock beats scissors. Rope beats rock. But just like scissors. Scissors beats paper. Paper beats rock. It happens.

This is the dumbest avenue we've ever gone down. Well, me and my friends, when we try to make decisions with each other, it takes a long time because we have all these other factors.

Any time you want to get into a fight, are you taking inventory of what the other person has? Before I get involved, I'm like, tell me what they got.

So I know what my odds are. OK, gotcha. If everyone's got a rope, I'm in. Because you're an expert. I'm an expert. So I'll probably come out on top.

OK. But if they have guns and ropes, well, I'm like, well, I got to have a gun. Right. Yeah. Because then, you know, hopefully my rope expertise will outdo their gun expertise.

Do you have a gun with you right now?

Yes. OK. We should have a little detector expert. I also have a gun with me right now. Jesus. Really? I do, too.

They gave me one right as I walked into the dark light. Do you know what they do? What? Do you know what they do?

Let me use a little rope trick on my gun. I'll just lasso it right here. That was a mistake.

I meant to whip it around. That part I had control. You're not good with the ropes? No, no, I'm great with the ropes.

But the guns, I'm all thumbs.

My arm is bleeding. You're all guns. That's what that means.

Which is I'm all thumbs when it comes to these guys.

So you can only cock them. You can't shoot them. Yeah. Well, with my hands. With my rope, I'm great. Let me try to get me try to get.

Oh, no. Please don't point it at me. Oh, sorry. That one grazed me. My bad. I'm. Oh, Idaho. Yes. You're a rope trick expert.

Correct. Yes. Tell us about yourself. Oh, yeah. This almost seems irrelevant now. But my main application of being a rope trip expert is I'm hired muscle for crimes.

Crime gangs like your Ocean's Eleven type heist, you know, or maybe mafia muscle. Sort of like the enforcers or something like this?

I haven't heard of them. But what I try to do is I talked about them on a podcast once. I don't know what you're referring to.

I am available as like Fancy Dan. Don't know who that is.

OK, gotcha. I tend to associate with with gangs who each have a specialty.

Mind being rope tricks. Oh, I see. So I might be of use if you're robbing a bank and you need someone to go in and like lasso up of cameras, you know, and like whip them off the walls.

I could take care of that. OK, you bring in a stasso or is it last sue when you're saying it as a verb? The proper way to say it.

Yes. Yeah. Last sue. Last sue. OK. Last sue was a verb and lasso was a noun. When you have to lasso you with my lasso.

Copy that. And when you have a very consistent southern accent. Yep. It's easy to tell. More of a Western drawl.

So it's like if you have a TV show, you can see sue it. But if you watch it, it's easy. So you can see sue.

Neither of those apply anymore. Unfortunately. I haven't been here in nine and a half months.

Patrick, have you seen any see so shows? What? See sued any see so show? Did you watch?

They were on my list and then got scratched out. They're kind of harder to find.

Yeah. Yeah. The UCB show, I think, has moved over to stars maybe so. Yeah.

You got to get the stars out. Yeah. So. So, yeah. So I'm available as hire for like my recent gang.

Everybody sort of had their own specialty. I was rope tricks. My friend's spoonie was real good with spoons.

Oh, really? He'd come in there and just be able to whip them spoons around and like.

How would you whip spoons around? You'd throw them? You'd like to ricochet them off things.

Oh, he's real good with pinpoint accuracy with throwing spoons.

Could he have thrown anything with pinpoint accuracy?

I suppose, but I never saw him try. Did he know the weight of a spoon? He just seemed comfortable with spoons.

Yeah. Spoons might be like you might want to learn spoons then get to knives eventually.

Maybe that's where he's headed because I think about gangs is you don't you don't get personal with each other.

It's right. Of like respecting each other's man. What was his name? Spoonie. Yeah.

But what was his real name? I never learned it. Oh, mine's Lawrence. Oh, but nobody cares. I prefer Idaho.

It's nice. Thank you very much. Yeah. It was sort of a self ascribed nickname. You gave it to yourself.

Yes. What else would that mean? I'm just I'm just why would you do something like that?

Well, I just you know, Lawrence doesn't really have any sort of panache or your lawn. Are you from Idaho?

So you picked one of the most interesting states. I'm not from Idaho. You're not from Idaho.

Where are you from? Central Connecticut, baby. That explains the draw.

You say baby too. Huh? You say baby too. Yeah. Everyone in Connecticut says baby, baby.

But I know the the northwest is sort of a mythical land for me.

And I just wanted to I aspire to its kind of frontier values. Oh, I see. Never been there.

This is also where I learned that Idaho's in the northwest.

Yeah. Yeah. Idaho's in the Northwest.

Nestled right up there on Montana and Washington State. Oh, I've heard of those. Great, great country up there.

Lovely. You should visit. I've never been there. Yeah.

Seems nice. Right. I mostly stick to gangs in Central Connecticut, Central Massachusetts, southern Rhode Island, Rhode Island, Eastern Vermont.

Maine. What about Maine? America's erect penis. I never made it to Maine. Oh, you got it. What'd you call it?

America's erect penis.

Not Florida. Florida's the droopy dick. Oh, wow. What a weird way to look at America.

And Hawaii's jizz and Alaska's your ass with shit dripping out of it. These are going to help.

Texas is your scrotum hanging off the side of a bike seat.

Cleopatra, is this helpful for you?

Is California like an inner fat urethra that just sneaks down? Yes. California's actually a thick vas deferens.

North Carolina is the fupa. Fat upper pussy area. You gotta write this down, Cleopatra.

Is Texas what, post baby hips or something? Oh, yeah, yeah.

It's a big, thick secretary spread ass. That's what it is.

Anyway, I rob banks. Thank you for the great contract. And I'm good at it. So if you need somebody, you know, I'll bring you...

You're not good at it by yourself. You need other people.

No, I need to be part of a 12 or 13 man gang.

So like an ocean... Spoonie usually comes along. Spoonie's usually there, really? I work with Spoonie a lot.

Do you guys team up a lot? Are your skill set complimentary?

Yeah, I'll usually like whip the cameras off the wall.

And then Spoonie will kind of ricochet something off and, you know, send the deposit slips going crazy.

That distracts everybody. Can I ask you, have you ever done anything aside from whipping cameras off the wall?

Not yet. I'm available. Usually at that point, everything else is taken care of.

Safe Cracker comes in and he opens up the vault. Now his skill set seems very applicable to the bank. He's crucial.

If we don't have Safe Cracker, I'm like, we shouldn't go.

Sometimes we've tried to rob the banks without Safe Cracker.

So you get to the cameras? I'll whip the cameras. Spoonie will rifle the deposit slips. The pot slips everywhere.

We'll get right to the vault and be like, well, we're out.

I mean, this is it. Nobody catches us.

So it's harmless. We cause a lot of mischief. But without Safe Cracker, it's rough.

Have you ever whipped a human being to make them work faster?

No, I've never used my ropes as whips. No, I've never.

We're trying not to talk about this. But what if you need to build a big temple to yourself?

Yeah, a lot of people will say that slavery is the only way to get through massive periods of growth.

But let's not get into that. I suppose I could lasso around them and constrict them and cause them to be uncomfortable until they did what I wanted.

I've never whipped per se. Do you have a bullwhip guy, though, on the team? Yeah, there's usually Whippy.

We'll bring Spoonie and Whippy. Whippy is, uh, he doesn't do a lot. A lot of people have more obvious nicknames.

And then you go by Idaho, baby. Here comes Idaho. Does it get a little confused?

Do you always have to say I'm Idaho and then people like kind of look at you and go, I do rope tricks.

Yep. I do have to do a little more explaining than everybody. Yeah. Rope might have been great. Rope would be good.

Rope is weird because it was a way to describe loads. Well, Rope is another friend of mine who's gonna have ropey loads.

Ropey loads? Like when you jizz sometimes? You're describing the shape of the jizz?

That's why I see they're roped. A lot.

Et tu, Brute?

I think of Rope as a description of a stream of urine more than an explosion of jizz. Like a warm, ropey stream of urine.

Drink more water then. OK, yeah, if it's like thick and viscous. Do you not drink water? Not usually.

What do you drink? Straight beer, baby. Straight beer.

Straight beer. I don't dilute it.

No ice? No ice. Give me that beer straight up. Let me pour you some water. Oh, here we go.

Wow, right near the mic. Yeah, this is right in his wheelhouse.

This is what he's here to do.

Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. OK, you are not good at these ropes.

It's been a while since I haven't roped a camera. If this was a camera, I would have been great with it.

How long has it been since your last job? We had a heist this morning. You did? Yep.

Wait, so you said it's been a while. Yeah, a couple hours.

So you lose the skills?

No, no, no, it's been a while since I haven't roped a camera. You've only roped cameras.

I've been roped cameras like all the, I haven't roped a bottle, boy, it's been years.

OK, so how was your heist this morning? Drink straight beer, never really get the rope to above.

We didn't have safe cracker with us. We didn't have masky.

So it's going to be dangerous.

Oh, so you didn't have any masks on? Wait, is masky in charge of giving you all masks?

Well, what masky does is he whips his hands quickly in front of our face, creating sort of a blurry image.

I notice a common verb everybody uses. You whip the cameras off the wall, spoonie whips spoons around.

And then masky whips his hands around. Well, I'm not a writer. I mean, I don't know why you're attacking my word usage.

Yeah, he's not Elmore Leonard here. Yeah, I'm not like, I'm not the, I don't like write the histories of the, I'm not, that's not my thing.

I'll rope it up. OK, so I guess I got stuck on whip.

Thank you, Gino. I think your story has third act problems.

Well, we got a lot of critics here.

Once you graduated school, Gino, you became a real snob about words, a real Richard Ropey.

I was just wondering, everyone's whipping shit around. I just wondered, did you have a whippy?

Yeah, we have a whippy guy. Yeah. Oh, I'm sorry. Yes, we did. Is whippy also? Is he in charge of whippets?

Yeah, I guess he gets a little jealous. He's like, whoa, guys, that's my thing. Relax.

So you so, you know, safe cracker today. We have a safe cracker day.

We didn't finish no mask. So we have some questions to answer, although I think we'll be able to just pass it off as mischief because we didn't actually take anything from the bank.

Although, you know, vandalism with the cameras off the walls. So relieved that we didn't actually take anything that plays a lot into sentencing guidelines is relief.

Yeah. Yeah. Well, cops think you're robbing things. I went out. We just got a car.

We were so relieved. Well, you're almost like Buzzkill at this point. Like, yeah, it's like a disappointment.

Yeah. Buzz Lightyear. That's someone you should look up as well. Buzz Lightyear. Oh, I look up Buzz's girlfriend, Wolf.

After you've watched Full House and Fuller House. Now, you know, you a fan of those shows?

Love Fuller House. Never seen the original. I wasn't aware there was anything before it.

I was like a rich back story to this complicated universe.

What did you think the word Fuller referred to then?

I thought it was like the last name of the characters. Oh, OK. You thought everyone's name was even though they're constantly saying?

Why else would you call it Fuller House? I was like, I guess this was originally owned by some Fuller company.

Right. Like an architect named Fuller designed the house.

Yeah, or Fuller Brushes or something like that. I didn't know what was going on.

Right. Maybe it'd be revealed in the last episode. I kind of saw it as a mystery.

A lot of people don't talk about Fuller Brushes anymore.

You know, I find it a frequent, interesting topic of conversation.

Fuller Brushes. You guys never had Fuller Brushes? That's a thing that people used to talk about in the 70s, perhaps.

They were sold door to door. Just a well-made brush. I think they're still relevant.

Put that on your list, Cleopatra. Fuller Brushes.

So who else is in the gang? Because I'm really enjoying the amount of people. Because I'm trying to figure out when if you.

Yeah, you mentioned a 12 and 13 member gang. Yes. We usually got a guy named Flat Hands.

Flat Hands. Well, his hand. This is a sad story. His hands were mangled in a farm machine.

OK. Of undetermined nature. They were cut off? No. Flattened.

They were just flattened.

Into like an iron sort of platter shape. Your guess for flat hands is that his hands were cut off?

Well, no, but I mean, you mentioned a farm machine. There's not really a lot of farm machines that are just like steam rollers.

I remember it now as a hay baler. OK. And it tried to bale his hands into a square.

Oh, now that's tragic because he has no articulation of fingers or thumbs. So they turn out like a two dimensional square.

They. Yes. He's sort of flattened into a round flat square, which are good, like a round square.

Yeah. Well, I'm no writer. I don't know what you call it.

Circle plate.

Oh, that's right. Yeah. Plates. He's got like two plate like appendages. What is he good for? Hitting people.

He could whip them things around and he's got.

He's like he's paddling people in other words. He's like spanking people.

Yeah. And he's better at punching people because his hands are big, flat. Surface area is an underrated part of punching.

Also, I would imagine the miss. Yeah. It's a lot like a fly swatter to you can get, you know.

I would imagine the wind resistance, though, would be bad for it. You know, he's not good in a long arc situation, but just for quick jabs.

Flat hands gets in there and it's like quick punches to the tellers and they're like knocked unconscious.

Speaking of long arc situations, Raiders of the Lost Ark.

You got to watch that. Yeah. Yeah.

That wordplay again. Yeah. Right. You know, I've seen the sort of you've seen you saw the arc of the covenant.

The covenant. Yeah. I like hung out with it. I know what the situation.

Yeah. Just like I put my feet on it. Well, hanging out and I was sitting down.

You used it as an ottoman. We used it as an ottoman and put some drinks on.

Oh, my God. Did anything ever come out of it? And. Oh, yes.

Some very scary ghost like things melted some of my friends faces.

But then I was fine. Were you not looking at it? I wasn't looking at it.

I was looking away. What were you looking at? At the end.

He was around. He was around. Your lack of curiosity saved your ass in this situation.

Looking in the ark, I think is bad news. Yeah. What were you looking at Attila the hunt for?

Oh, my God. As a potential partner? He had those that those.

Oh, right. Right above the right above the.

Yeah. Like Brad Pitt and Fight Club. Yes. Yeah.

Yeah. Those. I think I think they're called come gutters.

They were in Greece. I thought back then that that that the the what was conventionally attractive was people of more girth.

Ew. That's that's disgusting. I think Illinois and Tennessee are making.

I would have them killed. No fatties.

The gutters of the American states. I'm going to guess Tennessee and Kentucky.

Yeah. Yeah. The code maybe because it's it's like one of those.

Yeah. Just geographically. There's no aspersions on the residents.

OK, look, we have to take a break when we come back. We'll hear the rest of your gang.

Hopefully. Yeah. All right. We'll be right back with more comedy.

Bang bang. Cue ads. Comedy bang bang back here.

Gino and roll Scott Cleopatra as well.

And we're talking to Idaho about his gang. Glad to be here.

We've offered my services, by the way, if anybody's looking to hire some muscle. Sure.

Yeah. Are you muscular? No, but I do have a muscular effect on an operation on a camp.

My ropes are my muscle. Sure. You're Braun. You bring Braun to. Yeah.

I'm not I'm not I'm not part of the brains. Yeah. OK.

So mine is the member of our gang who sort of mastermind is part of your gang.

Yeah. He's in charge of the planning and the details. OK.

He's real brainy.

Does he stay at home or does he comes along? He comes along because we can't remember anything.

Yeah. So I'll walk in here, be like Idaho cameras. Oh, you can't remember the one thing you do.

Well, I want to assume. So wait a minute. So I'm ready for him to ask me to do something else.

But that tends to be where he directs. So what happened with mastermind today when he forgot to have a safe.

He was just like, well, right at the end of it, we looked at him and he was like egg on my face, guys.

I screwed up. Does he need to change his nickname? He should.

But his his humbleness really endears him to us because he you know what?

He admits it when he screws up. Yeah. He blew it. He's got to get safe.

He doesn't get defensive. No, he's got no ego in the game.

Really? That's nice to hear.

Yes. You don't see people apologize that much. Yeah. We have a guy in our gang is just in charge of apologies.

Really? He just wrangles apologies. Yeah. His name is Henry.

Really?

And he doesn't need a nickname because he doesn't do anything. Henry is a nickname. Oh, I don't know what his real name is.

And he whips up apologies. He whips them out. If the game, if anybody has to apologize on behalf of the gang, we're like Henry, get each shit. He steps out front and he does it. Does he apologize to the banks when you're done with them?

Yeah. When the banks are like, what was that for? You broke in, punched our tellers in the face, whipped all them cameras out of here. Yeah. And then the guy with the whip doing nothing.

And you took nothing. We're like, Henry, he's like, we are so sorry. How many of your, so sorry.

How many of your heists have been successful? Oh, we've had a number of them. What is that number?

Let me count. That one didn't do anything. That one didn't.

Hang on. We definitely got money a couple of times.

Let me tell you. Let me ask you. Zero is a number. No, no, it's higher than zero. It's higher than zero. One.

One. One has been successful. Yep. Our first one. Your first one. Describe that one.

OK. It was the first federal bank of West Hartford, Connecticut. Were you planning on going to, for the next ice, the second federal bank and then the first federal bank?

Yeah. OK. Like this will be easy.

They've laid him out for us in a nice list. Went to the first federal bank. Let me see.

Dory opened the door. Dory. Wait, was it? She's not made of fish.

Yeah. An animated fish is a member of our gang. She opened the doors.

And by the way, she ain't great at it. Really? She's not adept at handling doors.

Well, I would imagine she's used to someone opening doors for her. Yes, she has no like thumbs. But which has no thumbs.

And you're all thumbs when it comes to guns. When it comes to guns, I'd be. You're all guns. I'm all guns.

So I open. Dory opens the door. We come sliding and I whip off the cameras after.

When you say you come sliding in, what does that mean? Like we get a run up. We don't have shoes on.

OK. Because bank floors are usually shiny. So I come with a lot of speed.

Yeah. Slide. Surf style. And say, tada. You guys risky business into the bank?

Yeah, we all come in. Dun dun dun dun dun dun dun. Hello.

Are you in your underwear as well?

I am. But that's optional. Mastermind indicates tells me, all right, Idaho cameras.

Right. And I whip off the cameras. True. True. True. True.

This is the first one. This is the first national bank.

This is the first one. First National Bank, West Africa.

Can I get a mask? Masky. And he comes in and he blurs our hands, which isn't necessary because there's no photographic evidence. Also, this was in the early 90s, so nobody had like cameras.

Yeah. Also, it should have been done before. So your one good heist was in the early 90s?

Yeah, that's right. Spoonie ricochets some spoons off the wall, deposits. How early in the 90s are we talking?

91. I was into the spin doctors. Not ironically. That's what I remember.

Tribe Called Quest, Indigo Girls. These are the songs that we were listening to. In the drive over.

Yeah. Well, we have huge fights over what to play on the stereo. See, that's why it's all over the map like that.

Closer to Fine was like that we could all agree on. No jagged little pill yet. Not yet. Boy, was that a revelation.

Oh, I can't wait. So you didn't really understand that they were singing. She was singing about Dave Coulier because you had never seen Full House at that point.

To this day, I'd never known which. I mean, I knew she was mad at somebody. Yeah. Yeah.

You don't really need to know that to enjoy the song. Yeah.

You don't have to know that it's Uncle Joey she blew in the movie theater.

I think that makes it worse. Yeah. It's kind of it kind of takes the teeth out.

That's like this is the guy you got so upset about. So I come sliding in and then safe cracker goes in and opens the vault.

And then what's safe cracker is that's his nickname. That's given Christian name. Oh, OK. Safe Cracker.

Yeah. Safe. No, safe crackers. His first name is last name is Wellman. Wellman.

Safe Cracker Wellman. OK. Just by through fitting this got into that line of work.

Well, it's like Thomas Cracker. Thomas Cracker invented the toilet. Beep his last name.

Would you mind, Gino? I'd be bad if anybody. Yeah. Yeah.

Make sure you do that. Otherwise, I'm not going to give you college credit.

All right. I'll make sure I do it. OK. So, Dr. Wellman.

So safe cracker got in there. What happened? He opened the vault. He just opened. He cracked it. Yeah. How does he do it?

He's a whiz. I mean, he's got computers and he's got a computer.

Because a lot of these locks are like what's in 91. Sure.

They can be brought like a huge desk. Yeah. Like a classic that he reeled up on a cart. We were like, what are you doing?

He's like, trust me. He attached an ethernet cable to like the network.

He interrogated the tellers to get passwords, opened up the time.

So he just interrogated the tellers. Yeah. Basically, they gave him the password.

The password. Anyone could do that. I suppose the Mac classic on reflection was irrelevant.

Look, this was if I was out of the picture this point, I'd rather take care of you. You've gone home. Yeah.

I left. I was like, let me know how this goes. You guys take separate rides home from the bank.

Well, it's better to not get caught. Oh, yeah. Split up.

Remember in Heat, they all went different ways.

The bank robbery movie with Pacino. Right. But you had not seen.

Yeah, I wasn't out yet. You've not seen it at that point.

In retrospect, I'm like, that's how we should have done it.

When you saw Heat, you were like, boy, that's good. Yeah. I was like, where's the rope trick guy?

They don't need it because they all had guns. No one had a rope and a gun in that movie, though.

Did they? I was saying that when I was watching the movie, I was like, you know, you beat these guys. She's got a gun and a rope.

And one of the cops said, like, Pacino had a gun and a rope.

Oh, man. That gang just would have fell down.

Yeah. The movie would have been over after like 15 minutes.

Like a 15 minute movie. Yeah. Well, yeah, that would knock three hours off the movie.

Yeah. So a bit long. But safe. Cracker gets in there.

Safe Cracker gets in there. He gets the money. We all get it passed out. We should all do this. We never saw Safe Cracker again.

You've mentioned like five or six of the members of this 12 or 13 person gang.

You want them all? Who else is there and what are their roles? We got plastic bags. OK. Oh, for the money to be put in.

And also, he just is good organizer in general. Oh, really?

He's better than Mastermind?

Well, Mastermind is occupied with a big picture. We can't have him get locked in the details. He's little picture.

Yeah, he's more like micro little picture. Yeah. Well, just organizing. Like, he'll separate the food into little bags.

And he'll have like food. What's the food? He'll have the carrots in one little bag and the onions.

You want to make sure your blood sugar doesn't go down. Carrots and onions.

You're not hungry for onions. You've never had raw onions.

On a fucking gig? You're like on a. You're in a hurry.

You can't like make a sandwich. You got to open up a bag of onions. Aren't you afraid you're going to like tear up during the.

Well, during the heist, if you look emotional, people feel sorry for you. I don't know.

People are so scared of vulnerability, you know, and like, why not just be ready to apologize? Be ready to cry.

That's one of the problems with most gangs is it's all alpha, alpha, alpha. Right. You guys are all betas.

We're mostly submissive men. So you said you never saw a safe cracker after this first case. We never saw him after he left our gang.

He left. He's gone with all the money. No, we got it. We got our fair share.

What's your fair share? Ten dollars. Ten dollars. OK. I think he may have taken off with the lion.

So far since 1991, you've made ten dollars. Well, through heists.

What's your primary source of income? House painting, cleaning.

I'll do odd jobs. Sure. How odd? Pretty odd. Pretty strange.

What's the strangest job you've ever done?

Well, just in terms of I didn't know why I was doing it.

Somebody once made me go into their house and smooth all their carpet.

So the piles were going in one direction. Oh, interesting.

I thought it was odd. Yeah, it was 20 bucks.

So what am I going to say? Twice the amount that you got for risking your life in a bank robbery. This is a better line of work.

I was like, you want to see rope tricks or just this smooth out the carpet? It was a real OCD feeling. Interesting.

So I went in there and smooth out the carpet. Just also the piles in one direction. I had to do that one time when I was growing up.

My friend's uncle had me over to smooth out all the carpet and I was just there for like six hours.

And he said I can't get any fabric on any of the carpet. So he had me fully nude.

That's what I had to do. Yeah, I was fully naked smoothing out the carpet. Oh, for $20.

$20, baby. How much did you get, Gino? I got $26.

You're a good negotiator. Yeah, I asked for a tip at the end after what he did to me.

Mark, I'm always embarrassed to do that after what he did.

What did he do? He did the thing, you know, where you pick somebody up when they're in like a cannonball position and you throw them in the air and let them spin and they either land mouth first or ask first.

Yeah, I've done that. The cannonball run. Yeah, the cannonball run. Yeah, the R.I.P. Burt. Sure. R.I.P. Yeah.

A little late, by the way. Even later, the R.I.P. Dom. Yeah, that's true. You're finally getting around to it. I've been waiting for you.

I wonder who the last member at Cannonball Run will be to survive. Oh, man. Jackie Chan's going to live forever.

Sammy and Dean are gone, but yeah, Jackie will be around forever.

Wasn't there a Burt Convoy? Burt Convy? Yeah, hosted Tidal Tail.

Carl, uh, Card Sharks as well. Yeah. Yeah. Great guy. Yeah.

Yeah. You don't hear a lot about him nor Fuller Brushes all that much unless you're of a certain age.

I find myself to be a real relevant person.

So who else is in the gang? Let's just wrap up. How many other members? We got a, um, uh, Stanley Drives. Oh, Stanley. Getaway Guy.

Okay. Um, uh, uh, is that a nickname or? Nope. Some of these guys are just normal. Mark does explosives. Mark. Whoa.

We never used him. Yeah. But he's an expert in explosives.

Yeah. Does he, does he bring them to a job? Yeah. He's always ready. He's like, guys, I could make, let me blow up the times when we don't have safe cracker.

Does he have a catchphrase like, on your mark, get set, go with the explosives? I'll run it by him.

You're saying on the times when you don't have safe cracker.

So every single time after the first 91, Mark is like, you sure you could blow up that tape, but then you run the risk of blowing up the money as well.

Yeah. We're like, let's not, we don't want to get these people mad. Yeah. It's good to have a guy who has explosives, whether you use them or not.

It's always good that you might as well have a friend. Be prepared. I mean, you know, if you bring explosives to a gunfight. Oh, I didn't even think about that.

I guess gun plus rope would be beaten by C4. Yeah. Yeah.

Explosives would beat rope plus gun. All right.

You add that to my little list. Got it. All right. Who else do we have?

Amanda is a yoga teacher and she's sort of flexible and good for like, you know, winnowing through. I don't know what the right verb is.

I believe it's whipping through vents. Or a lot of vent work in these bank jobs.

Not yet. But if anybody has to sneak through the ducts, I think Amanda would be the person to do it. She can sort of compress herself into duffel bags and get mailed places.

Does she teach you guys yoga at all? No. No. Okay. I wish.

That'd be great. She charges for... Yeah, it's too expensive.

It's like $50 a session. I'm like, I'd have to have four more bank guys just to be able to do that.

I have to have one bank ice, two carpet smoothings, and I could finally afford one yoga class.

Yeah. Times are tough. They are tough for you. You're not doing well, huh? No, I'm having trouble financially.

Yeah. Well, now you're doing podcasts, so you're going to be making money in no time.

Somebody said to me, get your word out there. I was like, like the faller brush salesman? They're like, no, more modern, do podcasts.

Did you go from door to door? I used to go door to door and be like... Do you have any cameras on the walls?

Yeah, do you need any of these things removed? People usually put them up. They pay someone to put up the cameras.

But what if you're... and I expanded my skill set. I was like, you sick of these fire alarms? And I could like get rid of those?

People, no, people need those. Well, sometimes they're annoying if the battery gets low and you can't change it.

This beeps forever.

Yeah, that's true. In that situation. And plus just rope tricks are impressive. I'm like, maybe you just want a demonstration of rope skill.

Sure. Like right now. Let me whip this. Okay, let's see.

Oh, Jesus. Stop grabbing just the gun. The guns will look so good.

Well, you're the guy who whipped all the smoke alarms out of that nursing home where all the people died at that fire.

That's right. Yeah. It didn't go well. I was like, you trust me, you'll thank me later, which they didn't.

And I got Henry over and I'm like, I owe you an apology.

Well, look, Idaho, you're a fascinating guy. Thank you so much. I hope everything goes well for you.

But we're running out of time. We just have one last feature here on the show and it is a little something called Plugs.

Plugs.

Ooh, very nice. That's great. That was Plugs, please.

By Lilith Rose Garden. Oh, I got into it. That's like Port Manteau. That's it.

Have you heard much music since you've been out? That's kind of the beginning.

That was music. That was. Yes. OK. That was music.

All right. Now I have an idea now. So I should use it.

Sounds like that. I've heard I've heard music before.

OK. Yes. Yeah. I played and played to you guys.

You guys should really get together and listen to some albums. OK. You want to do that? Yeah. Let's start with Offspring Smash.

Offspring Smash. That sounds good. All right.

What are we plugging guys? Gino, do you have anything to plug here? I stumbled upon a new podcast that's well, it's not new.

It's old, but it's new to me. And it's behind the paywall, which is always fun because that means it's high quality.

And so if you go to Action Boys dot biz, B O Y Z dot biz, it's these three white.

So Action Boy Z dot B O Y Z dot B I Z Action Boys dot biz or Biz dot boys or patreon dot com slash action boys.

One word. And these guys, it's so cool. I can't get it anywhere else. It's three white straight men talking about movies.

There's literally no other place to find that. So it's for me, it's fucking great. Finally, someone with my opinions out there espousing movies.

Great. Yeah, it's very exciting. All right. So listen to that. Cleopatra, anything to plug? Oh, yeah.

I got something on my list. It's also a podcast. Oh, it's called Horny for Horror.

Oh, so now is this three straight white white guys as well or? No, it's one one adorable gay man.

One one straight white man and one woman. Oh, OK. And they're all sexually aroused.

They're all horny for horror. They just love horror so much.

And you should check it out. OK.

It's. Yeah. Come on. Yeah. Come on. Yeah. You're really good.

You've heard this podcast before you've. I haven't heard it.

It's on my list.

I'm excited to listen to it. For fuck's sake, come on. Come on. OK. And Idaho, anything to plug for you?

Yeah. Also a podcast called Screw It. We're just going to talk about Spider-Man.

Two straight white men and better than you talking about old comic books.

That was the one that I was talking about Fancy Dan on.

That's right. Well, I haven't heard it.

But my friends my friends say it's good. So I say check that out.

I want to plug Three-dom every Thursday. You can hear me and Paul F. Tompkins and Lauren Lapkus.

And that's for free out there on the Earwolf feed. So go.

Yes. Three-dom's a pun in itself.

Oh, and I also want to plug Pcast Blast is coming up in December, December 15th, Saturday.

We have comedy bang bang with special guests. Paul F. Tompkins, Lauren Lapkus and other special guests.

We also have Doughboys, the Andy Daley podcast pilot project, off book the improvised musical, Throwing Shade and Teacher's Lounge, the hit from Stitcher Premium, which is also available now.

That's December 15th at the theater at the Ace Hotel here in Los Angeles.

VIP packages are available to meet all of us and for seats right up front.

Go head on over to my Twitter. The link to buy tickets is at the top in the pin tweet.

All right. Let's close up the old plug bag.

Scott! Scott! It's me, Charles!

Oh, Charles! What are you doing here?

I just stepped out of the Speed Force. No one else can hear me or see me except you.

OK. Hi, Charles.

Hi! First of all, I'm lost. Second, fancy constructor.

I got lost in the Speed Force in this building.

OK. Yeah.

Am I going to be at the Pcast Blast?

No.

All right. Goodbye.

All right. Bye. Let's close up the old- See you at Speed Force Thanksgiving.

All right. Close up the old plug bag.

♪ Whoa, what a bag, it's time to open it ♪ All right, guys, I want to thank our guests.

Cleopatra, it's so fascinating to meet you.

Please come back and tell us how your quest to become acclimated to the modern world goes.

Thank you. I'm so excited to be here, Ribbit.

It really made my journey fun.

I can't wait to find out more about everything modern.

And we also can't wait for you to break out into song, being as you don't know any music other than our plug songs.

Plugs, plugs, plugs, plugs, plugs.

She's dancing.

Hold it up, you plug.

She's lifting up her top hat up and down.

Idaho, thanks so much to you.

It's a pleasure.

Sorry to hear you're going through such tough times.

I appreciate the sympathy. Thank you so much.

Please don't whip the guns around anymore.

No problem.

Oh!

I'm telling you, do you want to come work for me?

Yes.

OK.

What do you pay?

Uh, I'm still working on what money is.

Do you have any- I'm still working out.

Yeah, do you have any gold from back in the Egyptian days?

I do! I got some gold!

Do you have a secret hoard somewhere that you stored?

I have such a secret all over the world.

Really?

Yeah.

You know, they found most of the gold everywhere.

I don't know if you've been keeping up with the news.

They did?

Well, I mean, maybe you have a more secret place.

Oh, shit.

What's one of your most secret places?

Egypt?

Yeah, they found it.

Yeah, you're fucked.

Oh, shit!

Shit!

Gino, thanks to you.

Hey, thanks for having me.

I hope your mom turns out OK.

Oh, yeah.

They don't tear down your childhood home.

I should get back there, because my dad, my stepdad, my uncle, is not there to feed her, so I've got to get back there and hit her up.

I've been gone for nine and a half months coming here.

I'd better get back there ASAP.

And you've had the gerbils as well.

Oh, yeah, I'm supposed to be in charge.

I think she's OK, because I put a few in there when I left just to, like, keep the process going.

You think she'll be all right?

Now, is there a quicker way back to New York rather than just taking the routes through the song Kokomo?

Yeah.

Don't reverse Kokomo it.

Don't reverse Kokomo it?

No.

Oh, God, I haven't had to reverse Kokomo since freshman year.

All right.

We'll see you next time.

Thanks.

Bye.

♪ Heroes ♪ you Thank you.
