---
layout: page
title: 572. Jason Mantzoukas, Paul F. Tompkins [https：⧸⧸cloudfront.wolfpub.io⧸CBB-572-20180929-ZouksPFT-SKv01-PW.mp3].mp3.wav
category: cbb 
---

♪♪ Reggie, you all right there?

Oh my gosh, Rainbow Colored Smoothie, Chocolate Ripple Poopy, Either Way Brain Freeze Renders Me Immobile, Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang, Thank You to Kilgore Lake Trout for that catchphrase mission, and Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang for another week.

And Reggie was panting furiously during that theme song.

I don't think that was Reggie, that was me.

That was you? What was happening?

I was really out of breath.

I just was trying to get enough O2 into my bod.

I know that you usually like to arrive right when the theme song ends.

And so you, sometimes I'll text you, I'll say, we started the theme song.

And I get in my car.

A lot of people don't know you live in the next room.

Yup.

And you commute to the studio.

Got in my car, I drove, I valeted, and then here I am.

Here you go, wow.

I mean, it's a thirsty work, but you're here.

I appreciate it.

I would love to drive into the studio in a tiny motorized car, like a kid's little motorized car.

I would love that.

And just like from a room that I'm clearly sleeping in and be like, rrrrrrrrr.

And you just have one of those like dollar bill, like guns that just shoots dollar bills everywhere.

And you have a top hat and a monocle.

And just panting.

Why don't they call glasses, eyeglasses, double monocles?

Double mons, dub mons, dub mons.

Don't stare at me.

Jason, we're going to have a problem.

We're going to have a problem if you act like this.

I just didn't want to stop your flow.

I didn't want to stop your flow.

You went from double monocles to dub mons.

And then you got Jamaican X and dub mons.

Who was doing bra, bra, bra right beforehand?

You could have gotten right in there.

I didn't do it on air.

I was busy panting.

But my question is, I just didn't want to interrupt the flow.

I didn't know if you were going to go straight into a.

You and I have an issue if you're going to act like this, OK?

We're cutting you off on this show.

Friend, we will never have an issue.

Really?

We will never have an issue.

I want to introduce myself.

My name is Scott Aukerman.

I'm the host of Comedy Bang Bang.

And you may recognize his raspy, almost cancer-ridden vocal style.

He is the star of such films as The Dictator and The House and not much other than that.

Not much else.

Just those two.

Those are my only two credits on IMDb.

Coming up dry.

Yeah.

Other than that.

Yep, yep.

He has him looking to get wet like a gremlin after midnight.

We've talked, obviously, everyone has talked about.

What's the cutout?

At what point is it sunup then that you can feed them?

Oh, I'm assuming.

Yeah.

Jason Mantzoukas is here.

Thank you, everybody.

The long, dumb road out in one theater on Friday.

Correct.

I pray it's the one you're in.

Let's hope.

Please go to that theater and see it.

It would really mean a lot to me.

Gremlins, were you there in the theater on opening night?

No.

I was there for the shooting of Gremlins, though.

Where were you?

I was there for the shooting of Gremlins, though.

What does that mean?

I was on set.

How many Gremlins were shot on this film if they wouldn't behave?

I was part of the great gremlin hunt of 1998.

You and Brian Ferry just like looking for gremlins in the woods.

Me and Brian Ferry from Roxy Music, Slave to Love.

He likes to go fox hunting.

Oh, got it.

So you think he would also be amenable to gremlins?

Oh, I'm sure that goes on in England.

By the way, you don't need to explain Brian Ferry's love for fox hunting.

Everybody in the comedy bang-bang audience knows this.

No, it's a problematic issue with liking Brian Ferry.

Do you have a problem with people who hunt?

If someone was to say to you, oh, I'm going hunting next week, blah, blah, blah.

I'd be like, hunting tail or just hunting like actual animals?

Yeah, I mean animals.

Animals.

Not like a poontang hunt, if that's what you're talking about.

That's what you're saying.

You said tail.

You said tail, which is even weirder.

OK, so what are they hunting?

Great question.

Is there an animal that you have a cutoff for?

Is there anything you don't eat for humane reasons?

Not for humane reasons.

For inhumane reasons.

Correct.

Human flesh.

I'm a weirder.

The most dangerous prey.

I guess, I don't know.

Sometimes you think like a rhino.

Is that bad?

Yeah, it's bad.

Sometimes you think like a rhino.

You'd be like, I want to decide what I'm going to do next.

What is this thing on my nose?

What would a rhino do?

Why are people throwing rings onto my nose?

Is that what mostly is happening to rhinos?

Yeah, the ultimate indignity.

They're just being used for ring toss?

Rhinos, yeah.

Jason, what a weird thing to stop disguising your voice.

Oh, no, I didn't do that.

You didn't do that?

No, that wasn't me.

Engineer Sam?

Ring toss, ring toss with the rhinos.

Pretty funny, guys.

Jason, are you throwing your voice somehow?

No, I'm not.

What exactly is going on?

Because I'm looking directly at you.

I am looking right at you.

12 and 6 right now, you and me.

I'm looking at you.

Here's what I think we should do.

OK.

Because I hear that as well.

I hear that.

And I am just like a great guest.

I'm making eye contact with you.

Of course, not looking away.

Not daring to look away.

This is like Halle Berry acting style.

Yes.

Never looking away.

Never look away.

I think you and I should take a look to our left and right, respectively.

The ears are on the side of the head.

Not going to help you there.

The ears are on the side of the head?

Yes, if you're me.

OK.

And so I believe that the auditory signals that I'm receiving are probably from one of the sides.

You might think that.

Or, and I'm just going to say this, we might have a ghost in the machine.

We might have a ghost in the machine.

Señora Mandara.

This might be an early police record.

Ricardo Bonk is stonekeeper.

Means more means.

Common is outlaws do more.

Back when Andy got to sing a song.

I think that we should do two things.

I think we should look to our left.

My left, your right.

Then we should look to my right, your left.

And then we should call it a day as we have looked in every direction possible.

OK, let's count it down.

And then we'll start by looking.

To my left, your right.

Yep, OK.

Here we go.

Five, four, three, nose, one.

Just engineer Sam?

Just engineer Sam.

How are you, Sam?

How are you?

OK, don't get on mic.

This isn't a star making opportunity for you, Sam.

We both asked you a question, Sam, that we do not want an answer to.

So shut it.

So zip it, you turd.

All right, well, there's nothing left to do.

Then, but upon another countdown, upon its conclusion, we should look to my right and your left.

Correct.

All right, let's do that then.

Five, four, three, nose, one.

Nothing.

Empty air.

Molecules, certainly.

Certainly.

A wall.

I hear a thing.

I hear something.

Do you think, I bet, do you think we're picking up the other studio?

That must be it, Sam.

A Lincoln bleed.

Sam.

We got a bleed?

Do we get studio bleed, Sam?

We got bleed here.

Do we have a studio bleed?

Are we bleeding?

Don't get on mic.

Sam, we ask you a question, and you are supposed to not answer.

Hey, hey.

Shut it.

Hey, what directions are left?

What directions are left?

Oh, I guess we could look down.

I guess we could look up.

Or up.

Yeah, up is probably the safer choice, because I'm used to looking up at.

I'm going to change my plan then.

Every once in a while, I will see a bird or a plane.

A plane.

Good direction.

Remember when we used to have plane breaks?

Oh, I do remember those.

Such good times.

Such a great.

I wonder if in the new studio we'll be able to hear planes exclusively.

The new stew?

The new stew.

Yeah.

New stew.

Rocking it out at the new stew.

All right, here we go.

Here's what I want to say.

New stew is quangly.

I would like to be the first show recorded in the new stew.

I would like to as well.

I don't know whether I'll be afforded that opportunity.

I do believe in this.

You might not.

Do you believe in this?

When you do it.

I don't mean like the first of anything.

I just mean the first bang bang you do, I want in.

I believe there was a You Talking You Too To Me was the first in this room.

It was very echoey.

They've already lost interest in a mysterious voice.

Are you guys still doing You Talking You Too To Me?

No, we changed it to a show that you were on.

I'll show myself out.

Are You Talking You Too To Me?

Let's look up.

Here we go.

Five, four, three, nose, one.

No?

Nothing.

Nothing but seal.

What's left?

Let me ask you.

Hey, engineer Sam, are you playing perhaps a recording?

A prerecorded, yeah.

Like somebody else's episode?

Like a Halloween scary record.

Don't get on my, don't you dare answer that.

The question is, maybe you recorded someone right prior to us and their thing is playing.

Sure, this is a previous episode.

This is maybe an episode of Hollywood handbook.

If you answer, I will murder you.

He will flip out.

I will straight up end you, bro.

So question asked, do not answer.

You know what, Jason?

I had one idea, which was, you know the direction that your penis is in and the way it points?

Straight up?

Straight up at all times after I took that pill.

Straight up, now tell me.

Mine is going down.

Listen Paula Abdul, I do call my penis MC Scat Cat.

Do you really?

I don't like cigarettes, but it likes to smoke.

Oh.

Mine is pointing down and I am reminded of that suddenly when I thought about which way my penis was pointing.

I thought, why aren't we looking down?

Great, let's do it.

Changing my plan again.

Five, four, three, nose, one.

Just the same carpeting.

Just my penis.

Hey guys, hey, up here.

Up here?

We already looked up.

Look up again?

I'm tricking you.

Maybe it's like an invisible or like a tiny thing.

Maybe it's a gremlin.

Could be a gremlin.

Oh my god, we want to shoot him.

Maybe it's a gula.

Oh, one of those things that comes out of the toilet?

Definitely not a gully.

Not a gully, but could be a gremlin.

All right, well.

The gully didn't really come out of the toilet either.

Disappointing.

In the movie, you meaning?

They came out on the poster for sure.

Yeah, definitely.

It implied a gully was going to go just rocket up someone's VJ.

Hey, look up here.

That does happen in a terrible movie that I saw.

How Did This Get Made by a Guest, where something jumps through a toilet into a guy's butthole.

Is it a VJ?

Matt Penfield?

Yep, it's 120 minutes host Matt Penfield.

Kevin Seale.

Wow, a surprising awareness of old school VJs.

I know.

I'll tell you what, let's just look up one last time.

Let's look up over there, wherever there is.

Yeah, whatever there means.

I feel like there's direction in the voice.

Definitely.

Let's look towards that voice.

I'm getting a little bit up to my right.

Are you getting up to your left?

I'm getting a little up to my old tricks.

Oh, dear.

All right, upon the countdowns, I'm going to say this, upon the countdowns finish, let us look up into the direction of that voice.

Here we go.

Ready?

Five, four, three, nose one.

Ha!

Boom!

Hey, dum-dums.

Who and what are you?

Oh, I bet you'd like to know, wouldn't you?

Hee-hee-hee-hee.

What a maniacal laugh.

I can't even.

Hey, that's just the way I laugh.

Oh, OK.

How rude.

I can't even.

By the way, you never want to give a critique of someone's laugh, because then they feel very self-centered about laughing, and you're sapping joy from them.

Less self-centered and maybe more self-conscious.

Yes.

Wait, did I say self-centered?

Self-centered about their laugh.

Oh.

You don't want to make people feel self-sabotaging.

What are you?

I can't even describe you.

Oh, you can't, can I?

I'm like nothing you've ever seen before.

It's true.

Just a bunch of things that I've seen before in a weird combo I've never seen before.

That's right.

I'm a little guy, but I'm floating in the sky.

Oh, I've never seen such a thing.

A little guy floating in the sky.

Are you a little guy floating in the sky?

Are you like a little sprite?

Are you a?

Warmer.

Seven up?

Like a fairy?

Cold.

Oh, you want a seven up cold?

I love a nice cold seven up.

All right, do we have this engineer Sam?

Can we get this guy a seven up?

Do not answer that.

Sam, shut up.

What are you?

Can I, and also can I ask your name as well?

Sure, absolutely.

OK idiots, here it is.

My name is Button Willow McKittrick.

Button Willow McKittrick?

That's right.

Oh my goodness.

Button Willow McKittrick.

Well, that, what an interesting name for an interesting creature.

Are you a creature or are you a man?

I ain't a man.

You're a man.

I ain't a man.

You're not a man.

Are you male?

Do you identify as male?

Is there gender in whatever you are?

Yes.

A question for an idiot?

Here's the thing.

And did you say Button Hole?

Button Willow McKittrick.

Doesn't even rhyme.

Was it supposed to?

No, it wasn't.

Do most names for your people rhyme?

No, they don't.

I'm saying there was a weird mishearing on your part.

Oh, I'm sorry.

Oh.

Oh, I get it.

Yeah, yeah.

Button Hole though.

Think about holes too much.

Is Button Hole, is that what Butthole is short for?

No.

Listen, listen, listen.

Wait, do you not know that?

He didn't know that.

I'll show you something else later.

Every time I pooped out of my Butthole, I guess I could have been calling it a Button Hole.

Anyway, Button Willow, do you have a nickname, Button Willow?

Oh, wait, are you referring to your butt-in hole?

The hole that you put things in in your butt?

No, exit only.

Exit only.

OK.

Button Willow.

Yeah.

What are you?

I'm from the future.

Oh.

And from another planet.

Future and another planet.

Yeah, the pulse.

That's like a hat on a hat.

I'm wearing two hats.

You are.

By the way, because this is an audio medium, I would like to say Button Willow is in fact wearing what I now believe to be two hats.

That's right.

One clearly looks like a hat, like an Earth hat.

It's a Chicago Cubs hat, it looks like.

Yeah, that's right.

It's called Cubbies.

The other thing, I guess, is a hat, but it looks like some sort of future, maybe, alien thing.

It's future hat.

It's one in a hat that my future alien people wear.

And then I bought a Cubs hat while I'm here on vacation.

And so I don't want to carry it.

I don't want to pack it, because what if it gets crushed?

Sure.

But when we say a future hat, it's not like a regular hat of our time.

Oh, it's not like a regular hat of your time.

What are the differences?

Start with the brim and work your way up.

It's different.

It is, isn't it?

The brim is, yes, imagine a regular hat.

Imagine a brim from one of your Earth hats, one of your primitive Earth hats.

This one's more like an innie.

That's right.

It's an in-brim.

It like curls under.

Yep.

It curls under into the hat.

Yeah.

Wow.

I feel like that is a style.

It's hard to get it on.

That could really take.

Like the brim blocks the hat hole.

So when you size that hat, you have to size the brim, because the brim is what's sitting on your head.

I'd like to explain it to you, but you're like a caveman to me.

I'd love to understand the haberdashery habits of.

I'd love for you to understand it, but you do primitives.

Haberstashery.

So what are the other differences?

I mean, first of all, there's all the holes in the hat.

Usually a hat is to protect yourself from the elements, but this is like Swiss cheese.

Yeah, it's like a wiffle hat.

So there is wiffle ball in the future.

People know about it.

Yeah.

And on another planet.

That's right.

Yes.

OK.

We're fascinated with your Earth culture.

Really?

As all aliens are.

I knew it.

We must be the most interesting.

Yes.

You really are.

You probably listen to every episode of this show.

Of course, he came all the way here just to visit.

Wait, you don't know if this is a show?

No.

Wait.

You're fascinated with Earth culture, but you've never heard of comedy?

Comedy bang bang.

What with prominent Earth culture, like things like wiffle ball, that everybody knows about.

Sure.

What about The Dictator?

Love it.

OK.

All right.

I'm good.

What about The Long Dumb Road coming out this Friday?

Oh, bad news.

You're not aware of it?

Oh, no.

I'm aware of it.

Wait till you find out what happened.

Oh, boy.

Oh, no.

Something at the theater?

The most deaths at any premiere ever.

Oh, no.

From all the main cast?

That's right.

Oh, man.

I forgot we can ask this button willow questions about the future.

But I'm also so interested.

Yes, I'm so interested also in being an alien and from another planet.

Oh, my god.

Wow.

What year are you from?

In Earth years, of course.

In your Earth years?

Yes.

That's as many trips around the sun as our Earth takes.

Are we talking Common Era?

Yes, of course.

Let's talk since Christ was born.

Yes.

OK.

So see.

Yes.

I guess after he died.

OK.

He died at the age of 33.

So yes.

So you want to cut out 33 years from the equation.

Yes.

Just go forward.

A.D.

From 33 A.D. On.

Yes.

No, I think it's after death, isn't it?

It's not from his birth.

It's after he dies, isn't it?

Hey, idiot.

Oh, that's zero.

It stands for Anadolmany.

I know it stands for Anadolmany.

The year of our Lord.

It does not stand for act to death.

But I thought that we counted.

It's not literally from Christmas Day zero.

Yeah, it is.

It's from Easter 33.

No, it's not.

No, I got it.

I swear to God it is.

Buttonwill in the kitchen is fucking it.

I really think it.

And I grew up in the church.

Joe is laughing so hard at you right now.

You are being so shamed by this tiny.

Shut up.

Don't embarrass me in front of this guy.

Religion is so funny to me.

Do you have religion on your planet?

We got science.

Science.

And can everybody see on your planet?

Some people have been blind.

No.

I was briefly.

You were.

What did there was someone.

Did someone do it?

Miss me with science.

Miss Nakamoto.

You heard the story.

She's beautiful.

We was Thomas Dolby from the future and also an alien.

He was from the future.

He is no longer.

Now he's from now.

He caught up to explain it to you.

He caught up to it.

Can you catch up to yourself?

Wait, do you age backwards?

Do I or does everyone?

Does everyone.

Not everyone.

OK, but do you?

But if I want to.

If I may.

You may.

Do you have a preference traveling through time or traveling through space?

We're all time travelers in a way.

Explain.

Well, I mean, we're in the future every second of every day.

We travel to the future.

Spoken like a true non time traveler.

Yeah, I disagree.

I mean, these very bodies in which we reside are time machines.

They are not.

They don't go backwards.

They are present machines.

They don't go backwards, but they certainly go to the future.

They don't go to the future.

They certainly do.

They exist only in the present.

So you don't exist in the past?

You didn't exist?

My plan is working.

Wait, you have a plan?

Yeah, I'd like to make you guys fight with each other.

It amuses me.

We don't need you for that.

Did you start early on 10 years ago when this podcast started?

Oh.

Would it shock you to discover that I've been observing you for quite some time?

And you don't know this is a show?

I was kind of slamming you.

Oh, damn.

It was a dig.

A future dig.

Classic button slam.

Damn, Daniel.

Back at it again with the white vans.

Do you have white vans on your planet in the future?

We all wear white vans where I come from.

They all wear white vans there.

Oh, that got very creepy.

So why are you here?

Why are you here?

I want to warn you of a grave danger to your people.

Oh, boy.

To our people?

The human race or Americans?

You know what I want to say?

Or Greeks.

You know what I want to say, which is very exciting to me, is that Button Willow here has a warning.

No, no, he has a warning of great danger for our people.

And he came to us.

Yes.

He came to us.

The perfect medium in which to disseminate this warning.

That's important.

Podcast.

That's important.

That speaks well of us intergalactically.

Aren't you curious why I came to you to tell you of the great danger?

Yes.

Well, what should we hear first, the danger or why you came to us?

I could probably knock it out of one.

OK, great.

Take your time.

You are the danger.

Whoa.

I knew it.

I knew we were special.

I knew we were destined for great things.

I fucking knew we were special.

We're a takeaway.

Yes.

OK, good.

Good.

So when do we start this?

It's not good.

Yeah, great.

Does it start today?

Does it start right now after the show?

First off, let's get a couple of things straight.

It's not good for everyone else.

You shouldn't be proud.

Wait, but we are agents of change in the world.

Yes, great change.

Right?

Great change.

Danger is change.

Danger change.

Yes, bad change.

Danger changer?

Change-er-ous.

It's change-er-ous.

These are change-er-ous times.

We're also change-er-ous.

Yes.

What if Michael Jackson came out with a record change-er-ous?

He's passed.

Has he?

Yeah.

No spoilers, please.

OK.

But let's entertain the scenario.

What if he did come out with a record called change-er-ous?

I'm only on bad.

Look, what is the danger?

Why are we the danger?

You want to explore change-er-ous?

What if Michael Jackson put out an album called change-er-ous?

Yeah.

First things first, people would be blown away because he has passed.

So if he did put out a record.

If suddenly it was like, hey guys, I'm back.

That was funny.

Tom Sawyer situation.

I was there at my own funeral.

Rush.

Are you Paula Abdul suddenly?

Rush, rush.

Hurry, hurry.

No, Tom Sawyer.

Are you Jason Patrick?

No, I'm Jason Manzoukas.

He was in the movie Rush once.

Rush once.

So if it was Rush, Rush, it would be twice.

Good point.

Yep.

Or you get Elie twice.

Yes, well that's the Tom Sawyer reference I was making.

Oh, I get it.

Rush.

Yes.

Anyway, what's the danger?

Rush, rush in the touch?

Have we explored change-er-ous?

To our satisfaction, I believe we have.

Do you think that why isn't, well, I guess we just know.

Like, there were so many, for so long, people believed Elvis was alive.

Yeah, that was the common reference.

Like, he just faked his death.

And it existed for decades.

I remember for decades people thinking, why has that not happened again?

Why aren't people claiming?

There's Andy Kaufman and Elvis, and then it just seemed to fizzle out.

Like, everyone now who's dead, everyone just goes, yeah, they're dead.

Oh, you foolish earthlings.

Are you forgetting about the conspiracy that JonBenet Ramsey is Katy Perry?

I guess I've never heard that one written.

Wait, is that a real thing?

Yeah, it is.

Is it true?

Interesting.

Better not tell you now.

I mean, she's got a JonBenet Ramsey sort of energy to her.

Yeah.

You know?

I guess.

Describe what you mean.

Undeniable.

Describe what you mean by that.

You know, like the kind who would, like, leave the house on a weekend to go do a beauty pageant or something, you know?

Sure, sure.

She, like, really wants it, is what I'm saying.

Katy Perry?

OK.

Be cool.

Be cool, man.

That child must be dedicated to leave the house on a weekend.

To go to a beauty pageant.

It's the day off.

Yes.

I mean, the kid wants to just hang out and read the newspaper, but instead?

Read the Wall Street Journal.

Instead has to go to a beauty pageant?

I mean, like, these are driven children.

Yeah, yeah.

Anyway, so good to see you, Buttonwillow.

Well, thanks for having me.

No, wait, there's some unfinished business.

What is the great danger?

The great danger starts right here in this room on this day.

Oh, wow.

So that's why you're here, right?

It's happening.

Yeah.

Wow.

By the way, you're tiny.

We should mention that.

I'm very small.

Very little.

Very small.

You're a very little guy.

You're about this.

You're about aquamarine color.

Aquamarine.

You're about the size of a size 8 foot.

Yeah.

That's a good, yeah.

Yeah, that's not convenient.

And you have, like, bugs eyes, you know, like multifaceted eyes.

You know, like, I feel like you can see.

I would say bugs have eyes like mine.

But OK, yeah.

I take your point.

So you can see in all directions.

Just as a descriptor, you know.

I'm seeing too much stuff.

And of course, the double hat.

On my planet, of course, the double hat.

On my planet, there's very little to see, so the eyes come in real handy.

Yeah.

This is a bit much for me.

You also have the Kevin Durant jersey.

In the size that you are.

Yeah, man.

I love KD.

You love KD.

Yeah.

So is Parker?

How did you get it that tiny?

I love Kevin Durant.

I love Katy Lang.

Katy Lang, really?

I love her.

Constant craving.

What about Kevin Dillon from Entourage?

He's all right.

Johnny Drama?

Yeah, you know.

I love Katy, Katy, and JD.

Who's JD?

Johnny Drama.

Johnny Doe.

And JB, Johnny Bananas.

And KP, Katy Perry.

And JBR.

John Benet Ramsey.

That's right.

So it starts.

And JBS, JB Smoove.

IBS, irritable bowel syndrome.

What else do we have?

Oh, we can do this for hours.

What is the danger?

It starts today?

I can't believe today is the day that the danger starts.

Today is the day that we change our lives.

Today is the day that we.

Can I ask you, is there a prophecy?

Prophecy?

Did you remember how I talked about science?

Oh, right, right, right, right, right, right, right.

There is a prophecy.

Wait, what?

A science prophecy?

It's a science prophecy.

It's very rare.

I love a science prophecy.

It's a prophecy about science or a prophecy that you've received via science?

Yeah, go ahead.

I mean, both.

Both.

So you received this prophecy via scientific means.

Via scientists.

Does your planet?

And it's about science.

Does your planet exist?

So for your planet, is the scientific method like religion for you?

Is the scientific method the thing that you trust in the most?

I mean, yeah.

Or do you think what we call the scientific method is like silly?

Well, you guys are ridiculous.

You're primitive.

OK, you've called us dumb a number of times.

Well, you're pretty stupid compared to me.

Basically, we're just like saying duh, duh, duh the entire time.

Yeah, like, now you're getting it.

Compared to people on your planet, are we like animals?

Pretty much, yeah.

Are we like gremlins?

Do you know what a gremlin is?

Gremlins are pretty smart.

You mentioned goolies.

First of all, you're talking about gremlins are mogwai.

Smart, great question.

Because you don't want to feed a mogwai.

You don't want to get them wet.

But a gremlin would do what you like.

Gremlin, yeah.

Gremlins.

It's too late.

Yes, the gremlin's out of the bag.

Why not take them out to dinner?

I wonder if a gremlin would evolve into something else if you fed a gremlin.

Honestly, there is a gremlin on Tinder that I swipe right on every time.

And the gremlin never swipes right on me.

Because it's a hot lady gremlin?

With the lipstick.

Hot lady gremlin, HLG.

Ooh, if you're a hot lady gremlin out there, they're going to get laid.

You don't know how many messages I receive saying like, will you pass me on to Jason Manzukas?

I never do, because I want you to die alone.

Because they're all hot lady gremlins.

Oh, boy, the prophecy's coming true.

So it's a prophecy about science.

Can I ask, before we get into the prophecy, do you have a giant telescope on your planet?

Of course we do.

Awesome.

All right, go ahead.

We're in an advanced race.

That's how we spired you guys.

Oh, man, I knew it.

I'm the only guy that likes to come down here to Earth.

Do you meddle?

Really?

Oh, so you're the only guy that comes down.

We're forbidden to interfere.

This is a big deal that I'm doing this.

Thank you so much.

Well, don't thank me until it's all taken care of.

I do have a question.

Because I do want to say.

This ought to be great.

This conversation I'm having with you is so enjoyable and so great and so easy.

Do you have podcasts on your planet?

Like, is this something you're familiar with?

Is this method of conversing with people?

Here's what we don't have.

We don't have cancer.

We don't have diseases.

We don't have poverty.

We don't have hunger.

We certainly don't have podcasts.

No WTF?

What's that?

So all of those things, cancer, diseases, poverty, hunger, you lump podcasts in with all of those horrible things.

I don't not do that.

Not even cereal.

Do you think podcasts are considered on your planet a net negative?

Like, are they thought of as a lesser form?

I'm not helping out on this.

That's fine.

If we had them, since we don't have them, does that tell you anything?

Yeah, I guess so.

I guess so, yeah.

So what?

But have you heard how did this get made?

Yeah.

What's your favorite episode?

Probably Lake Placid.

I was just going to say the Lake Placid episode is particularly good.

Although.

And the After Earth episode is also very funny.

Deep Blue Sea was pretty good.

Stellar Skateboard, that was fun.

Stellar Skateboard.

You know, there's a t-shirt now.

You should get it in your size of Stellan Skarsgard riding a skateboard, and it says Stellar Skateboard.

And I've been told Stellan Skarsgard has been gifted one of those shirts.

What are you guys talking about right now?

There's an episode of How Did This Get Made?

Oh, I'm not interested then.

All right, so tell us.

I would love one of those shirts, but I guess nobody has my address.

I don't have one either.

Just only, we made one.

Would you wear it?

And Stellan Skarsgard owns it.

No, no, no, you can buy it.

You can buy it.

But that would be amazing.

All jokes aside, buy the merch, folks.

Please, please, please buy it.

Please buy it.

But also, if somebody can get a picture of Stellan Skarsgard in the wild wearing a Stellar Skateboard shirt.

In the wild?

What about just out on the street?

I'm in a normal photo session wearing it.

All right, look, we have to take a break.

He's just mocked.

Oh, boy.

We have to take a break.

Are you sure?

Time is of the essence.

When we come back, we will hear this prophecy.

We ticked around a lot.

I know, but we got to hear this prophecy.

We're going to hear the prophecy in the future.

Yes, exactly.

It would be via our time machines, our bodies.

And Buttonwillow already knows how it's happened.

He already knows how it came out.

So great.

Here we go.

I know what has, well, yeah, but I.

Is the future changeable?

Let's take the prank.

We'll take the prank.

Do you know what we're going to advertise?

Let's take the prank.

Well, yeah, I do.

What are we talking?

Better not take it out.

Stamps.com, Lisa, what do we do?

Bonobos.

I'll tell you after the break.

Tell me after the break.

All right, we'll be right back with more Comedy Bang Bang.

And we'll hear this dire, dire prophecy from Buttonwillow McKittrick after this.

We'll be right back.

Boy.

Comedy Bang Bang, we're back here with Jason Mantzoukas.

The long, dumb road this Friday, apparently not going to do well.

According to our.

Not going to do well.

Oh, well, I mean, the premiere.

According to Buttonwillow.

The premiere goes bad, but maybe that drums up interest in film.

It doesn't.

Much like The Dark Knight, no?

Oh, god.

All right, we also have, he's from the future.

A record number of deaths at the premiere does not.

Most recorded.

Does not.

From food poisoning?

Does not then bring about people wanting to see the movie?

Too much of a bummer.

Oh, wow.

We also have, he's from the future.

He's from another planet.

And a brother from another mother, as far as I'm concerned.

What do you mean by that?

I just feel very close to him.

Do you consider him to be like a brother?

As close as a brother, yes.

Why is that?

That's like.

Like you.

Thank you.

That seems like.

I just like this guy.

He doesn't give me the attitude that I get from our other guests.

Really?

Yeah.

I mean, honestly.

I have called you an idiot several times.

But I get it.

I understand.

It's like me.

Thank you.

If I was talking to an aunt, you know, like my aunt, Gladys, I would probably similarly call her the same kind of name.

Do you really have an aunt named Gladys?

Yeah, I do.

Yeah, she's wonderful.

Um, AG Buttonwillam McCutrick is here.

He's going to tell us about his dire, dire prophecy.

Scientific prof scientific.

It's a prophecy about science and he received it.

About the very real danger that Scott and I are about to bring about on this earth because we're very important.

Very important.

Listen up morons on my planet called earth.

Can you spell that please?

T-H-O-R-T-H.

Earth.

Got it.

Okay.

So great.

Yeah.

It's very similar to ours.

I don't know if you know the name of this plant.

I get why you say that.

I don't.

I disagree.

It's very different.

I get why you say that.

Okay.

Yeah.

Got it.

I mean, I'm pronouncing it in a way that you with your primitive ears can understand.

Okay.

So it's earth is earth.

Earth.

Earth is the translation into English of what whatever your native tongue is.

What is your native tongue?

Well, it's I speak the language of earth.

Yeah.

Earth fling.

Earthian.

Great.

Earth.

Oh.

Earth fling.

Yeah.

Earth fling.

Dot net.

Okay.

So what is, what is this prophecy that you received on earth?

Many millennia ago, we learned through, I guess you call it science.

Wait, you guess you call it science?

I guess you call it science.

Oh, you've been calling it science the whole time.

What do you call it?

Well, I call it science.

Science.

Okay.

Got it.

So pretty good guess, right?

Okay.

Good.

You learn many millennia ago.

Many millennia ago, our scientists received a prophecy from whatever electronic forces are out there in the earth that told of a great devastation.

Okay.

That would happen on this day.

Fuck yeah.

Why are you excited about it?

It's not good.

So excited.

I feel like your penis is definitely pointed up.

I feel like you're telling me I'm Thanos.

I feel like I'm like, I'm like going to be powerful.

Snap your fingers and half the people die.

Half of the people on earth are going to be Gonzo.

I'm sending them to earth.

What about Gonzo from the Muppets?

No, he sticks around because he's super cool.

You are the Gonzo of the podcasting community.

I will 100% take that mostly because I fucked those chickens.

Before we get into the prophecy, let's talk about Thanos for a second.

Sure.

Yeah, let's talk about it.

Let's talk about it.

The Titan?

The mad Titan.

Yeah.

What was his deal?

He was into pop control.

Yeah.

Population control.

He's going around basically being like, yeah.

He's like, you know what?

You are irresponsible.

You are putting too much, you're taxing your planet's systems too much.

So Gonzo, I'll wipe out half the people.

And then you got to start over.

And then you will be a more peaceful and a more successful population.

So he's in his mind, in his mind, he's a hero saving people from themselves.

Sure.

And what took him so long to do this?

If he has this ultimate power where he could just do stuff.

Yeah.

He's been doing it by force of will all this time, like with war.

And now he's got this magic glove.

So that he can just do it now.

He's like a Michael Jackson.

He's got a glove with the five hard candies in it.

Yeah.

He's like a Michael Jackson changer type look, you know, with the one glove.

So now he doesn't have to go to war.

He doesn't have to wage war.

He doesn't have to do anything.

He just goes like this.

Snap his fingers like a real.

Boom.

Dead.

Like a real smooth criminal.

So at the end of the movie, when people start turning to dust and everything.

Yeah.

That's because he did it.

Correct.

Yeah.

All right.

Did you see the movie?

Yeah, I saw it.

And you still don't get it?

What were you doing during the movie?

Were you distracted?

Yeah.

I was a little distracted.

What was going on?

I didn't see it in the theater.

Oh, okay.

You saw it on video?

Not at all.

No.

Oh, on a plane.

Someone else's.

Oh, you watched.

On what you would call a plane.

Oh, but so whatever you took, whatever vehicle you took from your planet.

Yeah.

I was like, better bone up on these idiots culture.

And so you watch.

Did you watch Ant-Man and the Wasp as well?

I did not.

Not yet.

Was it available yet?

Okay.

But you watch Infinity War.

And are there any other questions we can help you with vis-a-vis this?

Yeah.

Can I tell you?

Well, this is related.

Yeah.

I wanted to watch the Mr. Rogers documentary.

I don't know the name of it though.

Won't you be my neighbor?

Because there's also one called It's You I Like, and they look identical.

Oh, you don't want to get tricked into that.

I didn't even know that.

Is the other one, they make him out to be a bad guy?

It's two sides of the same coin.

He's a Nazi in the other one.

That's why you have to watch them both because one is the light side and one is the dark.

Right.

Because it's you I like because I don't like myself.

So wait, you just didn't watch the one?

I didn't know which one it was.

So you just passed on both.

I was frozen by choice.

Did you see Frozen?

I did.

What'd you think of that?

Did you get that?

I didn't like how they never acknowledged that the one girl had the power to bring snow to life.

They never acknowledged it.

That seemed like a huge deal.

To not just control it.

To not just control it, but give it a sentience.

And give it a soul.

Yeah.

I agree.

That seems to be, she has not just powers, but godlike powers.

Godlike powers.

Huge glaring detail.

And she only uses it, as far as I'm concerned, once in the film, right?

To give the little snowman a- Correct.

She also makes snow monsters.

Oh, she does, yeah.

But those are soulless monsters.

Are they?

Oh, thanks.

Why?

Because they're souls.

Aren't they killing them?

Yeah, but they're souls.

So you think they go, I mean, they weren't converted before they died.

I never saw that scene.

Converted to- To Christianity, so they probably went to hell.

Yeah, I'm sure they went to hell.

Like dogs and cats do.

Yeah.

Remember, baptize your pets, everyone.

Bob Barker fought for years to get that into the end of prices, right?

Here's the mistake people are making.

They're getting their pets spayed and neutered.

Baptize.

Baptize them.

Fill the tub.

That's right.

Fill the tub.

That's right.

The power of Christ compels you.

Boom.

Backwards.

By the way, if you'll allow me just a few seconds of a PSA, we'll get to the prophecy.

Is your pet possessed?

Listen, if it is, baptize it ASAP.

Baptize it, yeah.

Get some holy water.

Get some CBB holy water.

It's on our website.

Of course, we sell it.

Yeah, yeah, definitely.

It has been blessed by a priest.

Just throw it on those pets.

Just throw it on your pets.

Throw it on the pets.

All righty.

Oh, prophecy time.

What were we talking about?

Oh, yes.

Prophecy time.

It all hinges on the relationship between Scott Aukerman and Jason Manzukas.

That's me.

Manzukas.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

I want to say Manzukas.

No.

But it's not that.

I can see why you would think that the way it's spelled.

Well, it's primitive spelling.

I guess so.

It's just quite- I mean, it's not as hard as Itamenic.

On Earth, Itamenic is impossible.

It's impossible.

You really got to get to know him.

And once you do, it's like second nature.

It's easy breezy.

But when you're only talking to him once every couple of years, it's like, how is that again?

Hi, Anthony.

I'm sure you're listening.

I wouldn't eat- This segment brought to you by the pronunciation of Anthony Ataminak's last name.

Go for it.

I'm going to give you some Tony Sopranos.

Can we just get room, John?

All right.

Tell us about it.

The two of you get into a terrible argument that sparks an outrage amongst all the listeners of your podcast.

So you do admit a lot of people listen.

So you know it's a show.

This particular episode.

This particular one somehow becomes newsworthy.

I know it's a show.

I'm a bit ambitious.

I like to make fun of you guys.

It's a roast.

It's joking on the square.

God, take it easy.

Just a roast.

Have a sense of humor about yourself while I insult you.

He's a little snowflake.

We get into an argument.

You get into an argument that sparks a nationwide argument that sparks a worldwide argument.

The whole of earth is thrown into chaos.

Just two different sides at war with each other.

Is it split between supporters of my side of the argument and supporters of Scott's side of the argument?

Or is the argument itself just enough to divide the world?

It becomes an argument about who is right.

People don't necessarily care about the actual argument, what is being argued.

It's that they take sides between the two of you.

So is it something like if I were to say, hey, Jason, who do you like better, the Beatles or the stones?

The Beatles.

Oh no, here it comes.

Is that how it starts or is that it?

You like the beat?

Wait, wait, wait.

Hold on.

Hold on for a second.

You think the Beatles are better than the Rolling Stones?

Here's what I'll say.

And I totally think the Rolling Stones are a phenomenal band.

I mean, no disrespect to the Rolling Stones.

I think they are, have produced some of the most important music of the 20th century.

I think the Beatles are just a better band.

Better band.

I mean, I could, someone could say like better songwriters.

Maybe they made more of a significant impact.

Because the Rolling Stones are based on blues songs.

You're not even listening to me.

You could say like they elevated songwriting to a different level, but as a band?

They've made a bigger impact.

They couldn't even hold it together for more than eight years.

The Rolling Stones would have been just a bar band without the Beatles.

This is ridiculous.

You're a bar band.

Fuck you.

Nevermind that.

Ridiculous.

Why are we even talking about that?

What about James Brown?

What?

You hate James Brown?

What's the big deal?

Perhaps one of the most single important people to have been produced music that is still relevant to me.

All he even does is he plays the same four notes over an organ.

Ding, ding, ding, ding, ding, ding, ding, ding, ding, ding, ding, ding, ding, ding, and then he just shouts over it.

Wow.

Who cares?

Hit it and quit it.

Shut the fuck up.

Whoa.

Wow.

You're saying that to the memory of Mr. Dynamite?

You're almost at the point where the argument starts.

He's no Aretha Franklin.

If you're looking really at the history of soul, he may be the godfather of soul, but she is the queen of soul and queen beats godfather.

That's not the competition I'm looking for.

Of course I agree with you.

Aretha is the queen of soul.

Of course.

It's idiots.

Oh.

This is the argument.

Does queen beat godfather?

That was it?

That was it.

Oh, wow.

Now the argument that happens all over the world is between, is that a concept?

Queen beating godfather?

And other people saying, oh, it's those things have nothing to do with each other.

Can I ask you a question?

Like nonsense that someone said?

Is any part of the population confused because they're comparing the band queen with the movie The Godfather?

Yes, it's two different things.

It breaks everything down.

There's no godfather.

It's misunderstandings.

It breaks everything down.

There's no godfather playing card.

First there are people saying, can you even equate the two?

They're not in the same thing.

It's like apples and oranges.

Then you have people misconstruing what the argument is.

Because godfather is like a familial term and queen is like a monarch or a monarchy.

It's like an official title.

What would that be called?

monarchy of the government.

Correct.

Yeah.

Then you have people saying, is it a argument you can even have?

Then there are people that are mad at Scott.

People are saying there are some arguments you can't even have?

People are shutting down people's ability to have arguments?

Are you not familiar with this?

Free speech comes with limits, Jason.

You can say whatever you want.

You just can't be arrested for it.

In America, you can say what you want, but there are consequences.

Okay.

I understand.

The free market.

Okay.

Look, this is an ad hominem argument.

Hey, man.

This is straw man.

You're a straw man.

Okay.

Okay, man.

Here's what we have to do.

Yeah.

I didn't mean to ask the queen to be godfather.

But now you have.

I'm trying to not fight with you.

Do you understand?

I'm trying to connect so we can not bring about a terrible...

You and I should team up and beat this guy.

No.

What?

I'm not doing anything.

We should overpower this guy.

I bet we could trap him.

I bet we could catch him.

I wonder what he likes to eat.

Maybe we could lure him over into a makeshift cage that we construct.

Anyway, I'm just kind of like...

You know what I'm going to do?

Do you feel hungry, by the way, little guy?

I'm just going to turn over this...

Can I revolve beyond the need for food?

Oh, I bet you don't shit then.

I'm going to turn...

I sure don't.

Wow.

And I don't miss it.

Hey, Scott.

I want to get there.

I'm going to put a pencil and on top of it I'm going to put my size eight shoe.

And underneath it I'm going to put some Skittles.

Okay, great.

Let's see what happens.

I'm sorry.

Do you think I'm ET?

That I'm going to see some candy on the ground and I'm going to eat it?

You're not ET.

I don't know.

I know.

Do you...

You have the big eyes.

You know what?

I'm sorry.

Let me take these Skittles away.

That was insulting.

Thank you.

You must not like Skittles.

I mean...

No, no.

It's fine.

I'm going to eat these Skittles.

You miss eating?

I mean, I miss eating Skittles.

I mean, if you eat these you're going to end up shitting.

They're so sour.

It is my cheat year.

How long is a year on your planet?

It's like five minutes.

You're really far away from the sun then.

Or close to it.

I can't tell.

Sometimes it seems like one and sometimes it seems like the other.

I guess it would be close to it.

You must be the sun.

You know, they say Earth has two seasons.

Blazing out sun and freezing cold.

And construction.

Sorry, three.

There's so much science.

We're always building things.

Here's what you want to do if you want to save your planet.

Do you want to save your planet?

Hey, Skittles.

Do you want to save your planet?

What are you calling me, Skittles?

That's your nickname now.

Skittles.

Hey, Skittles.

I like that.

Really?

Yeah.

No, I'm the podfather.

Skittles Ockerman?

I'm the podfather.

You're not the podfather.

Come on.

I want to be the podfather.

No, there's like a bunch of people who are the podfathers.

Who?

Mark Maron's the podfather.

Yes, or Jesse Thorne, probably.

Come on.

Some people have said that.

Some people have said Paul F. Tompkins because he's on so many podcasts.

All right.

I'll give him that over me.

All right, Skittles.

But I'll be the pod queen.

You're Skittles.

And pod queen beats podfather.

Look.

You broke him, Skittles.

You just make it up, Skittles.

You just want to win so bad.

Here's what we have to do.

My whole life has been about losing.

Do you care about your planet?

Yes.

Or actually, maybe I don't if I can go to your planet with you.

You certainly can't.

Oh, OK.

Then yes, I care about my planet.

How big is this vehicle that you watched at Avengers Infinity War?

It's not super big.

It's a little tiny craft that's just a little bit bigger than me.

It's like if you were to- It's like you at like 11 to 10 scale or something?

Does that make sense?

It's like slightly bigger than you, but shaped like you?

No, it's not shaped like me.

It's not like an exoskeleton?

What are you talking about?

No, it's like for you, it would be like a bumper car.

Oh, OK.

Got it.

Yeah.

Are you making fun of my voice?

No.

It sounded like you were.

No, of course I'm not.

Skittles, be cool.

All right.

Podfather.

Here's what we have to do, Skittles.

Here's what we have to do.

Wait, wait.

You know what?

We should take a break.

We'll find out what we have to do- We're going to find out right after.

On the other side of this break.

We should have gotten to this sooner, by the way.

Should we?

Because I don't know how much time we have left after this.

Oh, we got a little bit of time.

Is there a lot?

All right.

Is there a lot?

Well, it's quite a task.

OK.

All right.

Well, this is intriguing me.

I certainly were I to be listening, I would come back after the break to hear what this is.

I well said Skittles.

I'm not Skittles.

All right.

This episode of Comedy Bang Bang brought to you by Skittles.

No.

All right.

Skittles-Ockerman.

No.

We'll be right back after this.

Skittle.

Comedy Bang Bang, we're back here.

Jason Manzoukas.

The Long Dumb Road is in theaters, or one theater this Friday.

Yep.

And then it's in another theater the next Friday.

Yeah.

Just truffles around.

Don't know about that.

Oh, no.

Is it not?

You didn't hear that from me.

Oh, shit.

Buttonwillow, come on.

Buttonwillow McKittrick is a creature from another feature.

What species are you?

You're an earthling.

I'm an earthling, you could say.

And you're from the planet Earth.

And you are also from the future.

That's correct.

Does the planet Earth exist currently in our present?

Yes, it's a very ancient planet.

It's an ancient planet.

Yeah, it's older than Earth.

Do you exist on it currently?

Is your past self on the Earth right now?

I exist on a continuum as all earthlings do.

And so we've all always been there, and we've all always not been there.

OK.

Have you ever run into yourself when you were time traveling?

A million, billion times.

Do you have sex with yourself?

Do you hang out with you?

Whoa, Skittles.

What are you talking about?

A hundred times.

A hundred times you've had sex with yourself?

Yes.

What's it like?

Here's what it's like.

Do you always know it's you, or do you just run into someone?

Oh, no, I always know it's me.

OK, good.

Oh, for sure.

And is the other you surprised?

Are you all, being a time traveler, it's always like, oh, there you go.

No, no, no.

Be used to it.

It's like seeing somebody in the office that you work in every day.

Is it like, is having sex with yourself similar to just masturbating?

I wish it were.

OK.

Is it?

Having sex with yourself, it's akin to, let's say, let's say you eat Kentucky Fried Chicken once a year.

OK.

Got it.

And you think you like it.

On Christmas Day.

And eat it, and while it's happening, you really enjoy it, and then immediately the moment you stop eating, you regret it.

Your stomach feels bad.

You just feel disgusting.

And then after enough time passes, you think, I'm going to have some of that KFC.

It's been a long time since I've had her.

And then you have it, and you instantly regret it.

So like normal sex for earthlings.

Here's my, wow.

Good one, Skittles.

I get it.

I feel that is just horrible for cool up.

Let me ask you this.

Afterwards, sure.

You made a, because of the crying.

And she's so full of chicken.

OK.

Here's my question.

If you have a penis, which I don't know if you do, so part of that's like a sparkly.

Do you?

I have what functions as a penis.

Which weight is it point?

I mean, do you want to see?

Yeah, sure.

Yeah, kind of.

Yeah.

All right.

Here we go.

Take a look.

Oh.

OK.

So you have a pair of pants as well.

That's right.

It's just everything in twos.

I went shopping.

The exterior pants appear to be a Chicago Cubs uniform pants.

That's right.

They're tearaway pants.

Tearaway pants.

Like Billy Flynn in Chicago.

Yeah.

And then underneath.

Very rare to find baseball themed tearaway pants.

Well, it's not like when you're done warming up.

Because why would they ever do that?

I went through a rack of Bulls pants, and then I found these.

And I was like, uh-oh.

Are they?

Did you?

OK.

Yeah, you found those.

In your size.

Yeah.

So and then.

It's weird that any of the stuff was in my size.

It is.

It's really.

Because you're like.

I think most stores have clothes in your size.

We just don't notice it.

We're just, because we're not looking for them in that size.

We would see them.

We would see them, but we just, it's like one of those things where, oh, that doesn't apply to me.

I'm not even going to look at it.

Exactly.

But why would people make them in that size?

Because people are buying them, obviously.

Are earthlings making, wait, how aware of earthlings, earthlings are earthlings?

Earthlings.

You right now.

Yes.

Are aware of them.

Correct.

There are several.

Our listeners are, which is hundreds of people.

Ooh, yeah.

Could you cut out all the parts about my planet?

And any part where you talk?

Could you, I mean, it's OK that I talk about all the dumb shit that we talk about, but could you cut out the parts where I say I'm from another planet?

Absolutely.

I think it would be interesting one episode to cut out the parts of any time any one person talks and see if people can get a feel for what actually happened.

Wait, all the times?

Yes.

Like every single time.

I think it's interesting to cut out something that you perceived to be integral to the thing and then see if people can still.

I'd like to hear both versions.

I'd like to hear a version where I'm cut out entirely and then I'd like to hear a version where I cut out any reference to earth.

If you want us to make engineer Sam do that edit work, please write Scott Aukerman.

Please.

Yeah, write to ask Scott Aukerman.

Hold on a second.

And just write to Scott Aukerman on Twitter.

Hashtag.

Make Sam do this and also Sam don't talk.

He's got enough to do.

Sam?

Yeah.

Oh, this joker is doing nothing.

Look at his outfit.

He's wearing shorts.

Look at him.

But he's like, he obviously has free time.

He's pushing buttons.

He's turning knobs like it fucking means anything.

Do you feel that having less covering on your legs means you have more time?

Yes, exactly.

All right.

Now walk around with not a care in the wild.

You're not considering I'm going to get cold on my legs later.

Exactly.

Now here's this comes to the prophecy.

In order to right this wrong, prevent the world from collapsing your world, by the way.

What you have to do is you have to make the case and agree on queen beating godfather, whether it does or whether it doesn't.

We have to make the case that it is up to you.

Are you the arbiter or are you the judge?

Is there a judge of the or is it as long as we have?

Yes.

Ring the gong.

Sam, put a gong sound in please.

I am here before you.

He's got nothing to do with it.

He doesn't even.

Hey, I'm doing.

I'm sorry.

Go ahead.

I will act as judge.

Did you see he's wearing a third hat now?

That's crazy.

Where did he get that?

The judges distracted us by saying, ring the gong.

And I looked everywhere for the gong.

And when I looked back at him, he's wearing a third hat.

I have some powers.

I'm assuming there's certain stuff.

I'm assuming this is a judge's hat on your pill.

It's a judge's hat.

It looks like a, like a, it's all brim.

The whole hat is just like a flat.

It's just 100% just like a flat.

It's just a flat.

It's like a circular flat.

Guys, it's just two dimensional.

That's right.

People let's start wearing just flats.

Yeah.

You are now before me as the decider, as the arbiter, as the sole judge of whether God father or queen is more Supreme.

Okay.

Almost arrived.

Have you been trying to rhyme this whole time?

A couple of times I tried to.

Did you think that would be one of your things that you rhymed a lot?

I mean, I thought it would be fun.

Like a Susean character.

I thought it would be like a fun thing.

Don't do off book with Jess and Zach.

I heard you.

Wait.

So you are actively telling people to not do that.

No, I did.

That's advice.

That's advice I give regardless of whether you can rhyme.

Because that show is on this network, but you are saying I don't want it to be as successful as me.

Don't do it.

All right.

So we just, by the way, we'd love to have you on, how did this get made?

Thank you.

What movie could I do?

Avengers.

Anything you want.

Avengers infinity war.

You got it.

The one movie you seem to have seen.

I saw frozen.

Oh, frozen.

When did we establish I've only seen one movie?

A lot of people I talked to have only seen one movie.

Who?

Yeah.

At least two people.

What a strange thing.

And just decided it wasn't for them.

Well, I mean, you have Tracy who, her butt hurts too much, but she saw blue Jasmine.

And then there's the other one.

Tracy Reardon?

Yeah, Tracy Reardon.

And the other one is, how would I know?

Well you've listened to the show.

Can I guess?

I feel like I could guess.

Is it big Sue?

No, it's not big Sue.

It's it's it's a male.

Definitely.

It seems like you've only met two people that have each only seen one movie.

You'd remember both of them.

I mean, I think it was JW Stillwater, maybe, or.

Who knows?

All right.

Look, there's a lot to keep track of.

True.

Like so much mythology.

There's just so much mythology.

Yeah.

SMT.

So we just have to discuss this and agree.

That's simple.

Great.

Right?

So let's count down.

No.

We can just, okay, cool.

Interesting.

You must each take, you must argue one or the other.

And right.

So we're, yes.

Okay.

But to me, you have to make the case to me.

Oh, and you have to decide.

And then I will decide.

I see, I see, I see.

But so, so one of us is going to win and then, but it's not about us agreeing.

No matter who wins.

The world loses?

No, the world does not lose.

Oh, okay.

So, okay.

I understand.

So just, you're going to decide which of us made the better case.

Yes.

And then the world will be in peace.

Yeah.

Okay.

All right.

Great.

This makes sense.

I'm glad we got here.

100% perfect sense.

Yes.

I'm glad we got here and I would like to begin.

All right.

What side are you taking?

The Godfather.

Beats queen?

Beats queen.

Okay.

Make your case earthling.

I'm choosing to interpret this as the movie, the Godfather.

Versus the movie, the queen?

Yes.

Okay.

Now the queen.

Sure.

A great, a great movie.

That was the queen.

The queen.

And it was the Godfather.

Yes.

So.

We said Godfather beats queen.

That's right.

But on earth.

Oh, I see.

So you're saying this is, I'm not allowed to.

No, on earth in the vernacular, if you're talking about a movie, you're like, hey, did you see Godfather last night or did you see queen last night?

It happens all the time.

Now hold on a second.

I'll grant you the first one.

Yeah, but the second one, I agree.

No one ever referred to the queen as queen.

So here's what I'm going to say.

I'm going to choose.

Well, here's what I'm going to say.

Godfather versus the band queen.

That's what I was going to say.

I, you can, you can.

Then why did I choose the Godfather?

Right?

What about Godfather's pizza?

You can interpret queen however you want.

I think.

Okay.

Right.

It's up to interpretation.

Is this what the argument is?

First, first make this case to me.

Okay.

Not to him.

So I'm just a sidebar.

I chose, I'm choosing to interpret.

We're in chambers.

I'm going, I'm going, your honor, can I approach the thing?

Please.

I'll allow it.

I would like to take the point of view in favor of the Godfather and I will speak to the movie, the Godfather.

However, Scott would like to interpret the concept of queen is up to him.

He can do the queen of soul, Aretha Franklin.

He can do queen, the band.

He can do the concept of queen, the queen of England or any queen, like the monarchy queen, like anything.

That's the argument.

I think, I don't know.

What do you think?

So noted.

I wanted to do a gavel thing, but I don't have anything.

You have a phone next to you.

Just bang that on the table.

Great idea.

Classic skittles.

Hey, then it will be your interpretation of Godfather versus your, thank you versus your interpretation of queen.

All right.

And we're saying why it beats the other person.

I think so.

Okay.

You make, you make the case for the superiority.

Yeah.

I think the Godfather is just a Godfather.

If we're going to do this, let's do it.

I think Godfather is a superior film that has affected and impacted cultural, like cultural understandings of family, of taking, taking one's own life into one's hand to make, to protect your family and forward their dominance.

Much the way a queen could also do.

A queen?

Queen.

Everything.

Everything is wrong.

Godfather has performances that are exceptional.

It almost destroyed Francis Ford Coppola's life.

He made, he, he, he, you know, here's what I want to, here's what I want to say.

You'll have your time.

Here's what I want to say.

Apologies.

Here's what I want to say.

There is no doubt in my mind that Godfather is for everybody to take into consideration is a superior thing in their life.

Be it the movie, be it the pizza chain, be it the James Brown, Godfather of soul, be it any of those interpretations.

It is because the concept of Godfather is someone who looks out for you in your time of need.

Someone who shepherds you forward when your parents die.

Someone who is responsible.

Objection, objection, objection, leading the witness.

Someone who is responsible.

I want to see where this is going.

Someone who is responsible for your spiritual wellbeing, as well as your physical wellbeing should you find yourself in trouble.

That is the job of the God of Godfather.

And as such, I believe it is an invaluable position societally.

Like our society is built on Godfather's not Queens.

I rest my case, your honor.

Well stated stupid Skittles.

If you call me Skittles, I don't know whether I want to do this.

You know what?

You know what that is?

It sounds like sour, sour Skittles.

I'm sweet Skittles.

Oh, yeah.

They make sour Skittles.

Oh, I want that.

Oh, really?

There's a couple right here on the table.

Excuse me.

This is my time.

Yes, please.

You may proceed.

Your honor.

We're all familiar with the concept of queen.

Be it the band queen, Freddie Mercury, Brian May, the professor in Mariette, whether it be can you name one more member of Queen?

Do you think Roger Taylor?

Okay.

How about that?

Great.

And why did you leave him out there?

Little bass head, little bass guy.

But we also have the movie Roger Taylor in Queen and in Duran Duran Duran.

Can you believe it?

Weird.

I believe they played the same instrument, the drums.

But we also have the Queen is the most powerful player on the chessboard.

It can move in any direction as far as it wants.

Sure.

King is the one that we all want to capture.

But Queen is the one where if you lose Queen, you've lost the game.

No, you haven't.

You've only lost Queen.

But you objection, your honor.

You lose Queen.

I'm speaking.

You've not lost the game.

No, we all know how.

If you lose King.

Your honor, we all know how chess is played.

If you lose King.

I'm talking metaphorically.

If you lose King, you lose the game.

Overruled, he is metaphorically speaking.

But that, you can't use metaphor.

He said overruled.

That's enough out of you.

Please Skittles.

Now we all know Godfather is a wonderful film.

I'm not arguing that.

1972, a wonderful classic starring Pacino in his iconic career defining role until scent of a woman.

That's right.

Whoa.

He did not say who all in Godfather.

That's a mark against it.

I have to say.

But Queen is so powerful and really, I think you are forgetting about the scene where he says Fredo, you never speak against the family.

Your honor, your honor.

Am I going to be able to make my case without interruption?

Objection overruled.

I'm going to ask you, Mmm, menzukas to zip it.

Strong words, but I appreciate it.

Your honor.

Thank you very much.

You got it Skittles.

After all, Godfather is a wonderful film, 1972, but what happened in 1974?

Godfather part two.

And as every film historian will tell you, Godfather part two is superior to Godfather.

So something has already beaten Godfather.

So Godfather is not the most powerful player upon the board, but what about the sequel to Queen?

Queen with Adam Lambert, not as good.

So ergo, Queen is the best and Godfather is not the best ergo, Queen beats Godfather.

I rest my case, your honor.

Is anybody, I was going to say silence.

No one's talking.

Okay.

First of all, I want to say thank you for your impassioned cases that you've made.

Can I say your honor?

You're welcome.

Okay, Skittles.

My question just as a point of procedure here is have you ever seen anything involving a courtroom?

What leads you to believe that this is the time we're all just going to chit chat.

I'm clearly making a pronouncement.

Okay.

Got it.

You earthlings have given me much to think about.

And as much as you have both made wonderful cases, compelling cases and impassioned cases for your cause, I do have a ruling.

It can only go one way.

Wait a second.

Skittles, can I talk to you for a second?

Can we sidebar?

Can we have a moment?

Can we recess for approximately 120 seconds?

Sidebar where it's just the two of you?

We just want to reset.

Not usually how we do things, but okay, I'll allow it.

Why are we, but watch yourselves.

Got this.

Thank you.

But why are we letting this time traveling cocksucker decide our fate?

Right?

Yeah.

What is he in charge of us?

Because obviously we heard each other.

We are friends, right?

We're friends.

And we agree, even though we both said what we believe that I am right.

No.

Wait.

Obviously not.

No, I definitely made a better case.

I made a better case.

You were so close to contempt twice.

No, listen.

Okay.

Are you fucking kidding me?

We got to get the people of this planet.

We got to, we have to do like an independence day kind of thing.

We got to get the where we all band together.

I thought we had an agreement and we forced this little tiny motherfucker out of here.

Let's kill him.

Let's get him in a shoe and kill him.

This is exactly what the problem is.

This is what I think we need to do.

Put it to a vote.

You sneak up behind him.

Put it to a vote.

People can either support me or they can support you.

You hold his two coats.

That's what will bring our planet together.

You hold them by the two coats and I'll just take a knife.

If we want to subvert the science prophecy, we get people to say, I'm with Scott or I'm with Jason.

And that's what's up.

So you sneak up behind him.

I'm growing impatient.

Okay.

Are you done with your little?

Yes.

We're done.

Yes.

Recess is over.

All right.

So I'm ready to give my ruling.

Skittles.

You're on.

I don't know where that guy went, but okay.

Keep looking at me though.

I really want to hear this ruling.

I will.

Godfather it is an extremely important touchstone for you.

Earthlings it in many ways, in all the interpretations, Godfather soul, Godfather, the movie, Godfather pizza Godfather, the guy who looks out for you and your spiritual wellbeing.

Sure.

Important queen.

All of the reasons that you cited, they all check out.

I was especially moved by your queen sequel argument.

Holy shit.

I'm going to win.

Firstly, what I got to say is religion is bullshit.

Queen beats Godfather.

It is so ordered.

I demand an uprising.

Look behind you.

He's behind you.

What?

Hey, I got you.

Let me go.

No, no, no.

I won.

Holy shit.

No.

I won.

I demand an uprising.

If you support me, if you support the Godfather, we will find it.

And we will destroy them.

Never seen anything killed before.

Oh, this is horrible.

Did you say earthlings or earthlings?

No, I said earthlings.

Okay.

Just wanted to be clear.

What?

This is happening.

This is how it does.

This is power.

This I feel so powerful right now.

I feel so strong.

Holy shit.

Science, damn you.

Science, damn you all to hell.

What kind of name is Buttonwillow anyway?

You're not a real thing.

You're nothing.

You're a figment of our imagination.

Buttonwillow, go back in time.

Before this happened.

I don't need candy.

Too weak need?

Need candy.

Oh, now he needs candy.

Remember before when he was like, I don't need candy.

Now he wants candy.

Okay, look, I have a confession to make.

Heartlight fading.

I have a confession to make.

Wait, he has a heartlight just like ET.

It's like Iron Man.

Fuck you.

Oh, okay.

Iron Man from Avengers infinity war?

Do you think that Iron Man was a rip off of ET?

No, no.

I have a confession to make.

I have several, about 75 packets of Skittles in my coat.

Here, take some.

Skittles?

That's why I call you Skittles.

I love Skittles.

All right.

Well, wait, are you better?

That's all it takes.

I said I need candy.

I got candy.

You want Skittle?

You know what?

I'm now going to return.

I learned an important lesson.

Oh, sorry.

Go ahead.

Sorry.

I learned an important lesson.

Do you like murdering things?

I like murdering things.

I like murdering things that I don't understand, but I'm glad that you lived.

Even though you spoke against me and the believers of my statement, the believers of my case will rise up and probably destroy your planet.

Spoken like a true earth moron.

Well, speaking of earth morons, we're running out of time and we have some earth morons here that have to plug their things.

We only have one final feature and that's a little something called plugs.

He's Plugs McMurphy.

Whoa, that dog loves to party.

Hey Plugs, you call me later?

Wait, that's it?

Okay.

Well, that was Plugs McMurphy by Todd Fronauer and you were really out of breath there from murdering, almost murdering.

Todd Fronauer, the earth emperor?

Oh, forget I said that.

What?

Forget I said that.

Oh, interesting.

All right.

Well, what are we plugging?

Apparently the long dumb road.

Has anything we've done here altered the future to where now the long dumb road is going to be successful?

I mean, you have altered the future doesn't look good.

What is it?

What is it about?

Guys, if you like a road trip movie, I'll, planes, trains and automobiles and so forth.

Mismatched buddy road trip movie.

It is me and Tony Revolori who was in Grand Budapest hotel and he's Flash Thompson in the new Spiderman movies.

He's great.

He and I basically on a road trip throughout the Southwest.

He's like a kid going to college and I'm a drifter who ruins his life.

If you can imagine that.

Wow.

It comes out in Los Angeles.

It comes out in New York on the ninth, New York this Friday and LA after that LA after that.

But it is also as of this Friday available on demand on iTunes.

You can rent it, you can buy it.

So if you are somewhere in the world, if you like what we do here and you think this is funny, I think you'll like this movie.

So go buy it.

Support me guys.

Seriously support me on this, right?

You get residuals.

Oh, I get those zids.

Yeah, that's great.

Okay.

Go.

Do you iron your own shirts?

You just send them out for fluff and fold.

I don't iron any.

I don't iron them.

I just wash them.

I just washed them in a line.

Drive them.

Oh, that makes sense.

Okay.

A button wheel and McKittrick.

Do you want to plug anything?

Well, it's Guy Fawkes day.

I want everyone, if you have a penny for the guy, go ahead and give that penny.

If you haven't got a penny.

I hate penny will do.

If you haven't got a hate penny.

Science bless you.

You know what?

Uh, you can probably still get my X-Men comic X-Men black mojo number one in stores.

Why wouldn't they be able to get it?

Sold out maybe.

Maybe they're reprinting it.

I don't know.

It's not doing so well.

You would know.

Guys, if enough people go and see long dumb road, I'm saying I will start writing the long dumb road comic.

Oh, okay.

And it will be continuing adventures of the continuing adventures of Nat and Richard on the road in a comic book format.

All right, great.

I'll hold you to that movie with Charles Grodin and Robert De Niro.

The Oh, um, the hard way.

No, no, that's James Woods and Michael J. Fox.

Um, midnight run.

Midnight run.

Midnight comic book.

Yes.

You know what?

An ongoing comic book about this character.

If you guys get out there and you make a long dumb road, make over $70 million.

I will write midnight run the comic book and exclusively you'll quit all other jobs.

All other jobs.

And I will write midnight run the comic book exclusively on paper moon while you're at it.

So alternate.

Yeah, that's alternate issues.

But paper moon will be content.

It will be like, it will be, it will take place as many years later as paper moon.

So it will be an adult.

The child will be an adult.

Yeah.

As old as Tatum O'Neill is now.

Yes.

And as old as Ryan O'Neill.

That was a period piece.

So yes.

Oh, I see.

Your character would be long dead and that Tatum O'Neill would be maybe almost dead.

Although, you know, I mean just because of life expectancy, maybe she's an old lady carrying around the ashes of her father in an urn.

Yes.

I bet that's it.

Yeah.

I've also been corrected on a statement I meant.

I said recently on this show that there were friends that the people who signed the constitution were all, yeah, a lot of real, a lot of talk back on that.

Jerks.

I was incorrect.

You're incorrect.

I was given poor information.

People need not be as snooty about it.

Where did you get that information?

I don't remember.

Somebody was talking at a party and I heard it and you know what?

Brett Gelman?

It was a, it was a gremlin.

It was Brett Gremlin.

You know, we're in the middle of my plugs.

Are we still in the middle of your plugs?

Okay.

What do we, what do you got?

Uh, I also want to comic book X-Men black mojo.

Yep.

I also takes place in the mojo verse.

We all also tickets are still no long shot, no long shot.

Uh, tickets are still on sale for lady death strike in it.

No tickets are still on sale for pea cast.

Caliban pea cast blast two, uh, on December 15th at the theater of the ASO.

Tell me, we're still, we're still lock jaw or lock tickets.

Still.

I'm just going to keep going.

I'm going to read lock.

Jai is the dog.

That'll be a fun show.

Come out and see us.

Amazing.

Also, I want to say votes, uh, everyone this week.

So tomorrow vote vote because voting a comma, if we don't vote soon, we may never be able to vote again.

Guys.

Come on.

Let's do seems like your dire warning about the future would have to be about that tomorrow.

But oh, I wish it was solved with voting.

Oh shit.

All right.

Let's close up the old plug bag.

Oh, what a bag.

It's time to open it.

Oh, okay.

You really committed.

Congrats.

Uh, guys, I want to have a party.

I don't know why I said, I want to thank you.

I guess I want to have thank you time is what I've meant.

This was a real pleasure and a delight.

And button button willow I re as much as I was upset you didn't vote in favor of me.

I have thoroughly enjoyed getting to know you.

Well, I wish I could say the same, but I am so much more advanced than you are that this was a drag for me.

And he also murdered you just about.

There's also that, you know what this is like if I spent, I would like to take this moment to apologize for beating you near to death and taking erotic joy in it.

Yeah.

This is like if you spent time with a snail who did the same thing to you.

I'd like to, I would podcast that being the pod father.

Not really.

Nice try.

Nice try Skittles.

Not going to make it happen.

Damn it.

All right.

We'll see you next time.

Thanks.

Bye.
