---
layout: page
title: 573. Adam Cayton-Holland, Alana Johnston, Ben Rodgers [https：⧸⧸cloudfront.wolfpub.io⧸CBB-573-20180829-CaytonHolland-SKv02-PW.mp3].mp3.wav
category: cbb 
---

♪ He thrusts his hips against the post and still insists Meryl should have won. Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

Thank you to Maddie Walks. Maddie Walks for that catchphrase submission.

Don't think it's going to stick, but thank you, Maddie. Try, try again.

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang for another edition.

And this is very exciting.

A little later, we will have a social activist on the show.

That's I always love hearing what's up with, you know, what are what am I supposed to be mad about on Twitter or as I call it, argument the website.

And we also have a camera person, a camera person.

So it's always nice to talk to someone from below the line.

But first up on the show, we have an old friend and a friend of the show.

And unbelievably, I believe, making his second appearance in this calendar year on the podcast. It's incredible.

You win several years. Oh, my gosh.

I was getting choked up just thinking about it.

Oh, is it the chocolate croissant? It may have been.

I had a chocolate croissant. Croissant.

Right before air. Got to swallow that.

OK, here we go. But you win several years making no appearances.

100 percent. 100 percent zero appearances.

Zero appearances. And everyone.

Or zero percent appearances. One way to spin it.

Yeah. Did that for a while. Kind of rode that high.

Had a really nice run of that. Great run of that.

And then made an appearance. Made an appearance.

Yes. And then kind of dipped back into my older stuff of no appearances for years.

Again, I believe. I believe. Yeah.

What was your first I can't recall?

You know, it was a live at South by.

Yeah. I was the listener.

I bet. Just check the numbers. They're terrible, I'm sure.

And and Comedy Bang Bang Nation spoke, said, wait a while.

We wait just to be like this guy.

Let this simmer. And I came back this year.

This year was your second, I believe. Wow.

OK, I don't know. Second or third.

Second or third. OK, well, let me just say that part of the issue is and I'll introduce you in a second, is that you do not live in Los Angeles.

Huge, huge detriment to my appearances.

And I can't do the the, you know, traveling out to Denver all the time, which is rude.

It is. Did we do a show, a live show in Denver? Why weren't you on that one?

I don't know if you did. I think I may have.

It may have been when I was working on my material of not.

I may have never contacted you, but I because you'd be a mainstay.

Were you like to think you literally and I'll introduce you in just one.

You literally landed at the airport. Are we talking Burbank or L.A.

Scott Burbank? Of course.

And you you you hustled your little buns out here.

Yep. Straight from the airport, didn't you? I did in a Camaro and a rented Camaro.

Why did you rent a Camaro? I rented a pickup truck because it was cheapest.

And I thought it went in L.A. drive a pickup truck. Of course.

And they said, we're out of pickup trucks. Would you like this Camaro?

And I took my shirt off in celebration and haven't had it back on since.

Yeah, I was going to say, you're stripped to the waist right now, which is very discombobulating for me.

White and hairy. Adam, Kate and Holland is here.

So you you you you came back with a vengeance earlier in the year.

I don't recall. I know you were in town and we were chatting.

I said, come on the show. But you weren't promoting anything, were you?

I don't know. I think I might have had an album, but I don't know.

I like to promote how. Yeah, albums. No.

But now we got now that you're an author. Oh, author, author.

Let me slip into my corduroy blazer and it's shirtless.

Yeah, it's like what if Mr. Rogers came came back to his set, which is him coming home, I guess is is ostensibly what he's trying to convey.

Took off his jacket, took off his tie, took off his shirt.

Completely, completely topless Mr. Rogers, put then like just stripped to the waist, just abs of steel and then put on a cardigan sweater over that and was shirtless with a cardigan sweater.

When would the show have been popular? Certainly would it have been a children's show anymore?

I don't think so. Exactly. It still would have been popular.

One hundred percent. You are an author of the recent memoir.

And I'm going to pronounce the hard R on that, because when we had Stephanie Whittle's wax on earlier in the year, I pronounced it memoir. Yes. And I and any time you do that, people say memoir.

Right. And they and they get really upset about it, don't they?

They do. And I would like memoir, similarly to how you corrected my croissant pronunciation.

If I'm going to be this literary force, I feel like I should have a certain French air about it.

I believe you should. Did you write any of the book and we'll talk about the title coming up, but did you write any of the book in Paris or gay Paris, as they say?

No, but the publishers are encouraging me to do that with all subsequent books.

Because there is a little bit set in Paris. You're right, there is. There is.

But I did not return to that memory, even though that memory is from Paris.

I did not return there to write the memory, which I should have. And it may be lacking in that section.

Listeners out there now are wondering, like, what is this book? I hear a section is in Paris.

Adam's written it. What exactly are we talking about? Yeah.

Let me break the title for you.

It is called Tragedy Plus Time. Is the plus written out or is it just a plus sign?

It's written out. It is so PLUS. Yes. So that's how you can find it at the Library of Congress.

If you happen to be there. I'm saying 100% 100% of the time.

You really are.

It's like you saying literally in the book. Totally. Now you switch it to totally literally.

Not that you say literally in the book, but someone tells you that you're saying literally too much.

So we're really I'm going to be really thinking of all of your speech patterns while we do this interview.

Please do tragedy plus time. Now, that is the old trope of what what comedy is, is tragedy plus time.

I've always said it's, you know, tragedy plus time minus time is comedy.

I like that. And then there's the did Mel Brooks say it of tragedy is when no comedy is when you fall down and break your arm.

And calm or tragedies when I do it. Is that what it got?

Well, this is the worst.

That's right. That's it. No, no, no. That's it. It's something along the lines of tragedy.

Tragedy is when I fall down and break my arm. Comedy is when you do it. Is that is that's the better way to do it.

I don't know. That's totally not it. All right. Anyway, but this is a memoir of of you and your life and not every little bit of your life.

It's not boring like that. No, that's what I originally turned in there. They said, whittle this down.

And this is very odd to have to to be to be talking about.

I feel almost as if now I'm the go to promotional spot for people doing memoirs of people who have died.

I know. I it's an odd one, right? Comedy Bang Bang is not the first choice for that.

So Terry Gross passed and Ackerman was right there to get the crumbs. Adam, tell us who died.

My little sister passed away, Scott, six years ago. I shouldn't be laughing. No, no, no, no.

She would she would be laughing. She would be laughing in the exact spirit. To be alive.

Yeah, yeah. Which she is not. And she she passed. I read this book last night.

It's it's and I had a very similar experience to your when you sent me the book.

It included a sheet of paper and which tells a little bit of information about the book.

And there was a little blurb. And I was excited to read this blurb. Like, who's writing this blurb?

And I read the paragraph and says, my editor sent me this book.

I expected to read just a few pages. Three hours later, I had tears streaming down my face.

This is one of the best memoirs I've ever read. And then I read who the blurb was.

It was someone in marketing at the company. I know how to cook them.

I'm like, well, you're sort of a biased. I also like that you got the book and you were so excited to read the blurb in the promotional sheet, not the book itself.

But let me get at this blurb. But let me tell you this. I had the exact same experience where I've had a busy schedule.

I haven't had. And you just sent me the book a week ago or so. And I haven't had time to read the book.

And last night I was like, I know I have to read some of this in order to be speaking from experience.

So I read that blurb and went, yeah, sure. Thanks, marketing person.

And then I read I expected to do the same because I was I was getting I was I was like, I can only keep my eyes open for 10 minutes, probably.

But let me read all I can. And two hours later, I had read the entire book page turner.

Wow, that's crazy. That's how you. Thanks for reading. Yeah, of course.

Yeah. Well, I realize you get a lot of, you know, dead person books and I appreciate you picking mine up off the pile and spending some time with it.

I will say that about I was getting sleepy and about halfway through common, common refrain.

We get to the incident in question. Yeah. And I was like, I'm kind of I would love to go to bed, but this is a terrible I need the redemption.

Yeah, I can't imagine stopping right there. Well, there you go. That's enough for tonight.

Time to count the sheep. Right now. Tell us tell us. And now is this your first interview about the book?

No, I've done. You've done some. OK, so what? So so so what?

So you're practiced at this. I am. What can you say about the book? Hit us with what it is.

Well, out. Listen, it's a sweeping. You always start with listen. Listen. A command.

Because usually the interviewer is kind of roughing me up and I got to go back a little bit.

How you listen, because they're asking about questions about other people's books and I don't want to answer those.

It's a book about my life. It's a memoir about growing up, about finding my sense of humor alongside my little sister, Lydia, and kind of learning our senses of humor together.

And then it's about six years ago, Lydia taking her own life right at a point in my career where things were really starting to go off and go great.

And she was very involved with my comedy. And then it's about the six years subsequent of trying to deal with that and cope with grief and all of it.

It's all it's all in that book. And so it's not very precise. It's not a clean landing.

And now I'm healed through comedy. But it's it's a sort of honest look at families and mourning and comedy and grief.

And what's interesting about this is excuse me, that chocolate croissant come back up.

Memoir. Memoir. Memoir.

Le mueil moi. Memoir. Chocolate croissant.

Le bon memoir du haidam.

But this this book is is as opposed to other serial comic books.

This one is written by an actual comedian yourself. Thank you.

Unless you had a ghostwriter. I don't really know.

No, it's all me. It's all you.

I was thanking for calling me a comic.

You are. You're one of America's, if not Denver's, greatest comedians.

And you you you.

So it's it's funny while being serious.

Wait, I just described every other serial comic thing.

OK, so it is a lot like every other one.

I don't know. I haven't read a ton of the other ones.

It's written by an actual comedian.

Yeah, what I'm saying. And a comedian who's been on the show and a friend of the show.

So if if you are interested in comedy and I pray that you are and you don't read a lot of serious books of this type, maybe this is the in for you because you talk a lot about comedy and fellow comedians and how you got started in comedy.

Yeah, and I think there's a lot of comedy in there.

It's just how I view my life.

The good and the bad, the funny and the tragic for me are pretty interwoven.

And I think most people experience them simultaneously and try to process that.

So it's kind of got that viewpoint.

It's got a lot of the what I call the Cameron Crowe Esq type scenes where big things are happening in your life, but you're juggling phone calls of tragedies.

And usually when you see it in the Cameron Crowe movie, you're like, it's a little unrealistic.

People usually space these things out a little bit, but it actually does happen like that sometimes.

For me, it certainly did in an unflinching way.

So it was, you know, obviously I was devastated.

But a month after that, you pick yourself up and you're kind of like, what now?

And interesting things are happening.

I hope that you don't mind if I spoil the just the foreword.

Yeah, yeah.

But it sort of hooks you into the book.

You talk about selling your television show, Those Who Can't, which we've talked about on this show extensively, almost too much.

I agree.

You talk about going into Amazon and into their old offices over by Burbank.

That's how I knew you were telling the truth.

I was like, ah, yes, they moved from Burbank into anyway.

Right. I was in the early days of Amazon.

So you talk about pitching your show and selling the show and then going from the meeting with just tears streaming down your face, and then you reveal that you had just found your sister 10 days earlier.

Yeah.

And so all of that is happening at the same time.

Yeah.

I mean, for I was 31, I think, and ostensibly that's the biggest moment of my career.

I just sold a TV show.

If you're in television, try to sell a show by 31.

That's usually the cutoff.

Well, I barely made it.

You did.

But obviously there were other life things that mattered so much more.

And in that scene I talk a lot about it kind of made me just not care at all.

Fearless.

It made me fearless.

And I think they responded to that in the pitch meeting.

As Jeff Bridges once was, yeah.

But some would say, what are you doing going to L.A. and trying to sell this show 10 days after this happens?

Well, exactly.

I agree.

But my family was pushing me to do it.

They were pushing you to do it.

What about your co-writers?

Because we never got that angle on them ever saying like, hey, buddy, are you sure you want to?

You got right to the heart of the unwritten story that Ben and Andrew forced me to do this during my grief.

What?

No, just kidding.

Those assholes.

It was I had been to Montreal.

I don't want to bore people with that, but it was a new face.

That's a hot time to go strike.

Yes.

You were at Montreal.

You were one of the new faces.

Yes.

Then which is a big deal in comedy.

Big deal in comedy.

Like being drafted into the NFL or something like that.

Right.

And allow the metaphor.

And then you come back.

OK, so if we're still on the metaphor, you are drafted in the NFL, but then you go back home immediately after the draft.

I'm getting a little lost in the metaphor, but you're you're back home to celebrate.

I collect my thoughts before playing for NFL team.

Yeah, but in a different city than where the draft was likely.

Yes.

So I get it.

That's how the draft works.

So it still works.

So but you're still you're still tossing around the football while you're at home because you're doing stand up shows.

So you're I guess you're practicing.

Yep.

You're running drills.

I'm practicing.

You're practicing at the combine.

Right.

So then this tragedy happens.

And then and then 10 days later, you're you're you're playing for the Rams.

I think so.

The newly minted L.A. Rams.

We had written the script and the script had had some attention, but not a lot.

I went to Montreal, thus boosting my profile.

Go back home.

This tragedy happens.

I deal with that.

Ten days later, my parents urged me to go continue to to try to sell the script and take advantage of this opportunity.

Because you have a lot of heat.

You have a lot of heat.

And as they reminded me, your sister would want you to do this.

This was a dream you both shared.

And frankly, we could use some good news in our family, like just change the narrative a little bit for us, even if it's just to go to L.A.

and talk about how shitty your meetings were.

We'd love to hear about it.

We'd love any kind of new information, some new stimuli outside of a cloud of death.

And I just I wanted to do it.

And so I came and did it.

It was a very bizarre period for me.

And it's been a bizarre six years since.

Yeah, but a lot of a lot of interesting things have happened to you since then.

The book sort of is maybe six or the midway point is when the tragedy happens and everything before is leading up to you and you getting interested in comedy and everything after is.

What happened to you since?

I don't want to have any other spoilers.

No, but it's very moving.

If you've been through an experience like this, it's very relatable and it's written in English.

It is.

And that's a huge perk.

You know, it's weird.

I like to be goofy.

I like to have fun and be funny.

And everyone knows this about you as I'm a goofy guy.

And so this is good.

You're a regular screwball.

I am a goof and that's known.

But I think a lot of people who listen to this podcast, a lot of people that I just met in society all have mental illness issues, someone in their life dealing with depression, all this stuff.

And for me, it was just important to get my thoughts out about it all and share what I went through.

And now that I've read the book, I have a few follow up questions.

OK.

Your family, you mentioned in the...

You mentioned in the...

The prologue.

No, you mentioned in the or in the afterword.

The prologue.

What do you call the thank yous?

Yeah, the thank yous.

That your family was very supportive during the writing of it.

And a lot of families would be like, you know, do you need to air our dirty laundry out there?

Yeah.

But you're a public person.

Have they read it?

What do they think of it?

They read it.

I gave it to them before I gave it to the editor.

Really?

Yeah.

I gave it to...

Because...

Did they give you notes?

Well, yeah.

They did.

I mean, I gave it to them because my family, this wasn't some like, you know, I got grudges here.

It was more a portrait of a loving family that mental illness came and just snatched one away from.

Yes.

So it's not like one of those memoirs where you're like, you know, one of us had some sort of abuse in the family.

No, it's about a very loving family.

Totally.

And the point is sort of this can occur anywhere, even in a really good family that anyone would want.

So I gave it to my family and they gave me a few notes, but nothing bad.

It's weird.

It's weird to air your most private grief publicly.

And although that's my choice, I have an older sister, two parents.

They didn't choose this life.

They didn't choose this and here it is.

So I live in fear of that moment where someone just accosts my mom at the supermarket.

Oh my God, I read the most intimate, horrible thing about you.

See, this is, and my opinion is no one should write a memoir until every person described in the memoir has passed away.

And then I think it's safe.

I think it's very safe at that point.

I'm talking coworkers.

I'm talking people that you meet on the street in the memoir.

I every, every living person needs to have passed away and then it's safe.

I have a friend writing a memoir and she said she's just waiting for her dad to die so she can finish it.

And I understand that, but my family's supportive.

They get it.

We, uh, we're all, the one thing we have is we all let each other mourn however you need to mourn for, for whatever reason.

I'm this insufferable creative type who has to bring it all into my artwork, Scott lay artwork.

And, uh, this, this happened here, so they're tolerant of it.

And they think I wrote, my mom said the best compliment, which I've ever gotten is she said, I felt like I was hanging out with Lydia for the afternoon.

Oh wow.

And so to me, that's, I was like, job well done.

If I could give that gift to my mom, then, then fine.

Second follow up.

You recorded the audio book, did you not?

I did.

And how was that experience for you?

Have you ever done anything like that?

I, I've, you know, I do this podcast, so that's about it.

Oh yeah.

So headphones, microphone, yeah.

Stillers.

Yeah.

Pretty much.

Yeah.

Were you just going to describe the actual process of recording sound?

There was a, uh, there was a producer guy and he knew how all these cords and buttons worked and he said, are you ready?

And I said, yeah, are you ready?

Yeah.

And he said, hold on, let me do my thing.

And he pressed several buttons, turned several knobs.

Yeah.

He decided whatever I was doing was perfect at that point.

Right.

Okay.

Two days of that.

Sounds good.

Two days of that.

Uh, do you, is it, is it difficult to, I believe I may have talked to Stephanie Wills wax about this earlier in the year, but is it difficult to, to do that?

Do you have to do several takes?

Do you get through it all in one?

What's the process like?

It's difficult because you're not used to sounding literary.

You, if you, if you read your words, you do it sort of flatly initially.

Yeah.

And, and you, and they try to make you like, you know, have a certain flare, a certain literary, you know, um, just some stuff is better read on the page than said as well.

But after a couple of chapters, you get very in into it.

So is that the spirit?

Oh, I see.

Okay.

I was going to say like every audio book that you listen to, the first two chapters are terrible.

If you don't nail it on the first take, that's it.

Cause it's recorded on, on wax.

So they literally can't afford to do more takes.

Um, no, it was, there was a producer, there's a director from New York listening to the whole thing after each chapter.

He'd say, okay, let's redo this line.

Let's do that line.

And in two days we had it all done.

Wow.

It was kind of fun.

I, and they said the other day, uh, well, it was, it was gut wrenching, but I'd already written it.

I already, yeah.

Then for me, the hard part was writing it to reread it is not hard.

Oh, okay.

Um, but they had doing readings of it around town and other towns and, uh, the exciting part was that they had said not the day before Alfred Molina was in the same studio.

Oh, recording a book.

Doc Ock himself.

I know.

And I feel like that presence was there and I tapped into it.

That's amazing.

Well, uh, congratulations, Adam.

This is a, a wonderful read.

I would suggest, uh, all of our listeners going out and purchasing it, uh, certainly, uh, and, uh, either the audio version, uh, which, which our mutual friend David, uh, had told me he was listening to, uh, Jargo.

Yeah.

And, uh, which I can only imagine him driving around on his scooter, listening to it on his headphones, like weeping in traffic.

I got into my friend's car the other day and I could see it was on his audio on his dashboard.

Oh really?

And I was like, were you researching me, buddy?

You know, you could have just asked me this.

And so then I had to personally read him the rest of the book.

Really?

That's the promise.

If you get the audio book and you start listening to it and you come across Adam just walking down the street, you can capture him and he will have to read you the rest of the book.

I sit on a park bench.

We'll go to your apartment, wherever you need.

Wherever you want to do it.

We'll finish the book.

I'll do it for you with the Alfred Molina flare.

Yes.

As much as you can muster without him actually having been in wherever you are.

Right.

Uh, Adam, Peyton, Holland's tragedy plus time is the book.

Uh, I read it one night.

You could too.

Is that a good blurb?

Yeah, but I don't think everybody's as smart as you, Scott.

Put that on the paperback.

Like, Scott Ockerman read it in one night.

Oh, I'm not saying I'm not bragging about the amount of time.

I'm just saying like, I read it one night.

You could do.

I like that.

That makes the reader feel a certain sense of shame.

If they don't, that's the best kind of blurb.

It's just like, yeah, why not read a book?

You know, like if you, if anyone out there needs blurbs for your, uh, the front of your paperbacks or hardbacks, please contact me because I'm, I'm out, I'm here.

I'm just here not doing anything.

I read it in one night.

You could do.

I'm not saying I read it in one night.

I read it one night.

Oh, I read it one night.

You could do.

Like, like I'm saying, you can read it whenever you want.

I'm just saying like, I read it one night.

Yeah.

Why don't you read a book?

It's supportive yet every man.

Thank you very much.

Uh, speaking of every man, uh, coming up on the show, we have a different man other than you.

All right.

Uh, uh, Jack Firs, a camera man will be here.

Uh, but before we do that, it's time to get to our next guest.

Can you stick around for, uh, everyone?

I would love to.

Okay, great.

Uh, we, and this is, and you're, uh, you come from a social activist family.

As I learned.

I really do.

I also learned what your last name means.

Kate and Holland.

I had always just kind of assumed that you were like, you know, I don't know.

Like, what does my last name mean?

Well, it's a combination of your parents' names.

You just learned that fact?

You thought it was one.

I didn't know what it was.

I thought you were a Michael J.

Fox type.

Who's just like trying to seem important or something.

I'm flattered by that.

But, uh, the hyphen implies a certain blending of families.

I don't know what it implies.

Hyphens, dude.

Hyphens.

I mean, hyphens in, in regular words, they don't imply.

The melding of two words.

Okay.

Uh, but, uh, uh, uh, you come from a social activist family and so you'll be very interested or you'll be annoyed that you have to listen to people who are like your family.

No, I'm always looking for a new cause.

Okay, great.

Well, uh, she's a social activist herself.

Uh, and, uh, this is her first time on the show, so let's give her a nice warm welcome.

You and me.

Sure.

Uh, no hugs, certainly not in this climate, but, uh, just a, a projective sense of warmth that Alfred Molina flare, if he can, uh, please welcome Diane Templeton.

Hello.

Thank you.

Thank you so much for having me on Scott.

Nice to meet you.

How are you?

Nice to see you.

I'm good.

So sorry to hear about your, uh, sister.

It sounds like a bit of a bummer.

Yes, indeed.

Thank you.

Bit of a bummer.

Yeah.

That's that's another jacket quote, isn't it?

That's a perfect way to describe the book.

If you're looking for a bit of a bummer.

Yeah.

Open the first page and read the first page and then continue reading the rest of the pages.

Here it is.

Is that here?

It get ready.

Go.

Yep.

How's that?

Oh my God.

I'd love to be worthy of being on a jacket cover, but I would never push that on somebody.

So, okay, well I'll file that away.

Thank you.

You're wearing a jacket yourself today.

I am.

Thank you so much.

It's heavily padded, minimally buttoned.

Uh, just the kind of jacket I want to get out there along with my brand.

Do you do?

Yes.

No, I thought you were a social activist, but you have a brand.

I am.

My, that is my brand activism.

Activism is your brand.

Absolutely.

Okay.

I do have a woman's empowerment group, which is a group of women that empower one another to stand behind our man.

Oh, stand behind, stand behind our man.

Yes.

Meaning, uh, emotionally supportive or, or.

Physically as well.

Uh, you never want to overshadow a man by putting your body in front of him.

Thus the sun hitting you and creating a shadow onto him.

Right.

You want to be behind your man to a be there in case he falls.

Cause the greatest tragedy is if a man falls and a woman doesn't pick him back up.

Okay.

And you also want to make sure people can see him instead of you.

What if the sun is coming from behind him and you're standing behind him, then aren't you blocking the sun?

Thereby creating a shadow upon his back.

This is why every woman has to wear a heavily padded jacket so she can use it to deflect the light and make sure it still goes onto the man.

And again, minimally buttons so you can take it off.

So sort of a reflective surface almost, uh, as, uh, as in, uh, in photography when you're, uh, you have a bounce situation.

Exactly.

Yes.

Thank you.

During a full lunar eclipse, did the duo stand side by side finally, or.

Side by side.

Women aren't allowed out during a lunar eclipse.

They get a little gooky.

Oh.

So, uh, because of the, the tides in the, uh, their, their, uh, w what's the most polite way of saying periods.

Uh, periods.

That's it.

Periods is the most clinical way.

Oh, yeah.

Very clinical.

Yeah.

So yeah, I I've never heard of an empowerment necessarily that is, uh, uh, regarding subjugating the female.

Uh, type of, uh, uh, part in the equation.

Does that make sense?

So much.

Oh, I didn't realize I complimented it.

Absolutely was a compliment and one of my better ones.

Thanks.

Uh, I'm going to go ahead and feel terrible for you.

I'm going to go ahead and let you know this.

You know, a lot of women are busy in this climate, walking around without padded jackets, standing up for themselves.

Well, to them, I say, take a seat or better yet, stand to the side and let a man take a seat.

If he's tired, you know, too many women are rising up and speaking for themselves.

And while they're yammering on a man can't get a word in edgewise.

That's me applauding by the way.

I don't want to take ownership of that.

I don't want to applaud for you.

Thank you so much, Scott, for having the confidence to let me give you confidence.

I don't know that I agree with what you're saying.

It just, you had the cadence that, that almost felt like we needed to do something.

It was forceful enough to sort of merit and applause.

And here's the thing about my women's empowerment group.

If you don't agree with what I'm saying, I won't agree either.

Whatever you need, you get.

Right.

So if I don't agree, meaning I'm a man.

So if any man doesn't agree, then you'll disagree as well.

What if a woman disagrees with your woman?

She's out of the group.

What if she wasn't even in the group in the first place?

She's going to be led into the group to be told she is out of the group.

So an in out situation, how many people are in your actual group?

Myself.

Oh, you're ending.

Oh, okay.

That you, you, thank you.

Thank you so much.

That was with the cadence of, I was going to continue.

Yeah.

Uh, but, but it was just ending.

So classic ellipsis cadence.

We have a couple of potential members we've reached out to recently.

Uh, we are waiting for a text back from Oprah.

No word yet.

Oh, how did you get Oprah's number?

And can you pass it along?

She's a book jacket.

Oh, yes.

Very good.

Can you imagine Adam, if you, if she was still doing that show, what was her show, Oprah or whatever it is?

Oh, Oh, from Chicago, live in Chicago.

Yeah.

Live, live from Chicago.

It's Oprah afternoon.

Yeah.

And she said, Oh, I just read this amazing book.

And you're like sitting there on the edge of your seat and you're like, Oh man, is she going to say my book?

Is that how it usually works?

If it was like Oprah exclamation point, I read it.

Exclamation point.

You can read it.

Exclamation point.

You can read it too.

And she read it.

If she read it in one night, Scott back on your thing, which was the right thing.

That's the right thing.

Thank you very much.

Yes.

Thank you very much.

So acknowledging my bank.

So you're out to Oprah, but haven't heard back.

How long has the text remained unrequited?

I'm going to go ahead and say easily seven to 15 months.

Can you see if anyone is texting back?

Like is the dot dot dot going on?

Classic ellipsis cadence.

Uh, no, she has a Samsung.

Oh, I can tell.

So you can't see it.

I am on an iPhone with permission.

Of course.

I can't imagine Oprah on a Samsung.

I feel like she'd have a phone we don't even know about.

Yeah.

An iPhone.

Oh, yeah.

She'd have like a Tesla of iPhones somehow, you know, like Elon Musk just like drops one off to her.

Could be a car.

She could be texting from a car.

Could be a full car.

Oh, I never thought about that.

Uh, so you have some other, uh, potential members as well.

Yes, we do.

Um, I am waiting to hear back from my husband's Mitch mistress.

No word yet.

Uh, yes.

And you're, you're okay with him having, he said I am.

Oh, okay.

Yeah.

What, uh, and how long has he been seeing this, this, uh, a woman, I guess, mistress implies woman.

Um, it's been three months.

She's fabulous.

Really?

She is my best friend.

Oh, wow.

And, uh, did you know her beforehand and he started?

Oh, okay.

So your best friend, so your husband started sleeping with your best friend.

Absolutely.

Okay.

And Hey, I'm glad he's getting a good night's rest.

He's staying the night over there.

He's got to, yes.

He's got to, what does that mean?

I've been having a foot cramp for the last two months and I've been continuous foot cramp.

Yeah.

And I've been quite vocal about it.

So it might be one of the reasons why we don't have more members in the group.

Okay.

So you're having one, you're currently having this foot cramp.

Yes.

I'm so sorry.

I'm sorry.

Are you suppressing your noises now?

I am because I have to be loud enough for the women to hear that they need to shut up and let a man talk.

Okay.

Thank you.

Oh, that was Scott.

No, that was not Scott.

If you were to be vocalizing your foot cramp, what would that sound like?

Um, probably get one of these, Allie and you probably get another one of these.

That wouldn't make me go sleep at my wife's best friend's house.

I feel like that was very sufficient and polite.

Yeah.

I think I could sleep right through that if I took an ambient, certainly.

Oh no, I tap in and wake him up and say, Oh, you tap him.

I tap him to let him know I'm saying it.

At first I thought you said tap in.

I tap in.

My best friend.

That's how hard get out of the bed.

I let him know.

And then I tap out.

She gets back in and off I go.

I don't know why he's sleeping anywhere else, but that house, because he wants to.

And it's his choice.

No, I'm sorry.

I'm the one who's sorry.

Where, where did you come across this mindset?

Did you come up with it on your own or was it something that you read about?

Uh, I don't read, but, um, I did come up with it when my husband told me it's a good idea that I should think of for myself.

And I thought me permission to think for myself. Okay.

Thanks.

Colin.

Colin is his name.

Colin is absolutely his name.

Do wear it out.

Anyway, like a joke.

I didn't pick up on that.

Oh, I thought you might on account of your comedy, but no, no, not how I like to joke.

What's a call?

Yeah.

What kind of jokes do you usually like to do?

Oh, like a very, like a knock knock and then you know, it's a joke.

You see what I'm saying?

Call.

Okay.

Colin.

Okay.

Oh, Colin.

Yeah.

Um, Colin who?

Colin who?

Oh, well, Colin Templeton of course.

Oh, okay.

Great.

And that's funny.

And we have new information.

There we go.

That's the type of joke I like.

But what do I know?

Well, you, you know.

Oh, um, I know the names and phone numbers of several close friends.

Yeah.

Um, any of them women or, uh, uh, you have a wife.

You talk about that in the book.

Love to get those digits.

Sure.

Uh, Katie Kate and Holland's number is three.

Yeah.

Three or three area code.

Very classic.

Uh, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one.

Oh, you call her?

Yeah.

Cool.

Yeah.

I'm glad you guys are friends.

Katie Kate and Holland.

It's kind of adorable.

Katie Kate and Holland.

Uh, maybe she's looking for some extracurricular activities to do.

Katie is always joining groups.

It's really easy to get in the group.

All you have to do is take a padded jacket or a regular jacket and put in double the pads.

Okay.

By the way, where did you get this padded jacket?

Uh, I noticed it's, where did I get mine?

Yeah.

Well, my, uh, husband, funnily enough that you said the, uh, NFL, you guys use that metaphor.

I used to be in the NFL, so I took his pads, his actual NFL pads and I slice them up a little bit.

So I don't want to look silly.

And how did you slice NFL pads?

Oh, I, uh, that's exactly.

And that was the hand motion.

I have a deli slicer.

My husband loves slices.

Why do you have a deli slicer?

I don't know.

I've been loved slices.

Well, you buy them.

That's why they have delis.

So you don't have to buy the deli slicer.

I absolutely not.

And make a man slice meat for me.

I would never, I bought this slice.

By the way, he doesn't like slice meat.

He likes slices and that's what he calls it.

A slice.

Yes.

Oh, wait.

Pizza slices.

No, no, no.

This is meat.

Scott, what if you had to do like, what if when you went to go get a slice of pizza, they just slice it off the top, like a deli thing.

Tell you what you cut the calories and way down.

Yeah.

Who needs the carbs?

Yeah.

Just give me the slice and cheese.

You know, New York razor thin slice of pizza.

It's just cheese level.

And then once you get down to the bottom, it's just literally bread.

Oh yeah.

The last member of the party just gets the bottom crust.

It's usually me.

Oh yeah.

Got 14 slices of pizza here.

Who wants one?

The last person.

Anyway, that, that delighted me and I'm a man, so you have to laugh.

So, so, uh, uh, why are we talking about delis?

Uh, well, she serves her man, um, slices of meat.

Of meat.

And we talked about how to cut the NFL pads to get into the jacket.

So you slice the pads and then you sew them into a jacket.

What team did he play for?

I'm so glad you asked, he played for the, um, the green Bay Packers.

Where does, where does, where does he stand on the kneeling controversy?

And where do you stand?

He sits, he plays it even he just sits down.

So no one can take no one's time.

He doesn't stand.

Just going to sit this one out.

No, no, he just sits.

Crisscross applesauce right there on the sideline.

He's Chris and he's crossed.

Wow.

That's a hot take.

Wow.

So, uh, further behind him.

Sure.

Right.

Yeah.

You're allowed on the field.

Uh, nope.

Oh, meaning up in the stands.

Yeah.

Further behind.

Okay.

What is this?

And Colin Templeton and his wife sitting on the sideline during the national anthem as is their tradition.

What position did he play?

The main one.

He's the main one.

Oh, uh, QB or QB one.

He's a QB.

Yeah.

He's a QB one.

He's QB one.

Okay.

And, uh, for the green Bay Packers.

Yeah.

So what, not Aaron Rogers, not Aaron Rogers, but Collins retired.

Exactly.

Yeah.

Oh yeah.

So this must've been a few years before I started.

And before Brett Favre.

And so he's, he predates both these guys.

Right.

Okay.

20 years ago.

So, so yeah.

Probably suffering.

So how, yeah.

Hold of a man is he?

Great question.

He is fifties.

Fifties.

Meaning he was born in the fifties or he is fifties.

No, he's in the fifties.

He's in the fifties.

What does that mean?

Well, it's rude.

He's in his fifties?

It's rude to give a man's age out without his permission.

Uh, but he's in his fifties.

Yes.

He's in his fifties.

Okay.

An approximate.

So he was, he was born in the sixties or so.

Is he 58?

Yes.

I knew it.

Well, I'm a big NFL buff and I remember Colin Templeton.

Right.

From 20 years ago.

So he was playing at 38.

He's very athletic.

Yup.

And that's what you, it's a memorable thing.

Back then that was the age that you played.

Oh yeah.

Well, yeah.

Athletic.

Yeah.

20 years ago, back in the nineties.

The late nineties.

Silver Fox of lamb bow.

They used to call him.

Yeah.

Uh, you got to see him.

He's jacked as hell.

Oh yeah.

The pads were huge.

The beds were huge.

So he was jacked because of the pads.

No, no, no.

He was so jacked.

They had to get jackie or pads to put on him.

So that's why when I say double pads in my jacket, it's cause I sliced the pad.

There was so big.

It was the double the size of a regular NFL pad.

You'd slice.

And it sounds like he could even afford them.

He probably didn't even mind having less pads for once.

Yeah.

You can barely tell the difference.

And with the pads with you, you look like you're in the cast of working girl or something.

Just the, those huge shoulder pads.

I would never work Murphy Brown reboot over here.

Oh yeah.

Oh my God.

I'll play, um, miles.

Miles.

Yeah.

Where's everyone land on the Murphy Brown reboot?

Pro pro.

You're pro.

What do you, what do you got?

He's pro.

I'm pro.

Okay.

Good.

Goes without saying, thank you.

Uh, wait, Scott, what are you?

Oh, I, I, I never saw a single episode of the previous one.

So I, uh, is this a good time to jump in?

Scott's angling for a secretary role on the show.

That was a trope.

Wait, Paul Reubens was in it.

Wasn't he?

Uh, yeah.

Well, she always fired her secretary.

Oh, did she?

Every episode she's firing a secretary.

That doesn't sound good.

Not if it sounds good for, if you're an actor.

Yeah, it does.

Cause you get fired.

You kidding me?

Get that one episode of Murphy Brown.

Sounds good if you're an actor because there's so much, like there's so many roles, so much opportunity, not if you get the role.

No, it sounds terrible.

No, you want to, you want a recurring?

Yeah.

Did you ever do any acting?

Uh, once.

I'm sorry.

I'm talking to Adam.

Did you ever do any acting?

Nope, Nope.

Three seasons of a show and I still haven't done a day's worth of acting.

Pretty much.

Uh, and what did, do you have a job Diane?

Um, I do.

I am a wife.

Okay.

Yeah.

That, and that's a stay at home housewife or.

No, I am an out and about wife.

You're not allowed to stay at home?

I'm not at home.

No.

My, as I told you, my husband has a mistress and I should have clarified, she's staying at our place.

Oh, I am an out of house wife.

Where do you stay?

I stay in a bunker of my neighbors.

Okay.

I'm sorry.

I don't know what those words mean in conjunction with each other.

Oh, my neighbor has a bunker.

A bunker meaning like an undergrad or a, some sort of like fallout shelter or.

Yeah, it's a basement and he calls it a bunker.

Cause it's a, it's just a regular basement.

Yes, but if things fall out, he'll stay there.

So it's his bunk.

Wait, is there any sort of protection against the elements or against marauders?

Wood paneling.

So it's just a basement.

We're just talking about a stockpile water.

He's got water.

He's got battery.

He's got a lot of batteries down there with water.

Is that what we're talking about?

Battery in waters, warm water and warm batteries.

One water, one batteries.

Warm, warm, warm, warm water, warm batteries.

Yeah.

Okay.

Warm because the batteries are no, no airflow, no airflow.

No.

Oh, okay.

Got it.

So you're sleeping there.

Uh huh.

Okay.

And then you're, you're also, you're, what are you doing when you're out and about staying in the basement or do you, I'm seeing what everybody's up to.

I'm popping in and out.

I'm giving some hellos.

I'm saying some goodbyes.

To whom are you doing that?

What?

Checking if anyone's had a baby.

People you know?

Pop into the hospital, say some hellos and goodbyes.

See who's had a baby pop out.

You always want to be the first one.

May I be the first to congratulate you on your baby?

The Godmother.

If nobody else shows up.

Has anyone ever made you a Godmother?

Not yet.

But those are important duties.

Thank you.

Should you be appointed the Godmother of a newly minted child?

Is that what they do?

They mint them?

Yeah.

Mint them.

Trust me, I've been there.

They mint them.

The Philadelphia mint and they all go through there.

And do you have children?

I don't know whether we received that information.

No, wait, should we do it in the knock knock form?

Yes.

Knock knock.

Yes.

Who, I mean, who's there?

Children.

Children who?

Do you have any children?

Um, I did once.

You did, you did once?

I did.

Well, I feel like maybe you might be in line to write a memoir.

What, what exactly happens?

Um, she moved out of the house.

Okay.

So now she's an independent woman and declared that.

And now she is no longer my child.

I see.

But she's still on this earth walking, uh, the earth roaming.

She's walking all right on her own two feet, speaking for herself and I'm not having it.

So yes, I once had a child and I don't anymore.

You kicked her out of the group.

In other words.

Well, here's the thing.

She never joined.

And that probably, so it's one of the text messages I have out right now.

Wow.

You have a text message out for my daughter to join the group.

Well, that's really not, that's good.

This could be good.

Yeah, I think she has a Samsung.

I haven't seen any Samsung as well.

I haven't seen any typing yet.

So you really ought to start sending those texts receipts.

I think I just said receipts.

I was looking at the word in my mind when I said it.

If you said it, that's gotta be the way to say it.

Okay.

All right.

The authority.

Yep.

So keep those receipts.

Uh, all right.

Uh, speaking of, uh, receipts, hopefully you're going to buy some stuff from our sponsors coming up, uh, because we need to take a break.

When we come back, we will have more from Diane Templeton.

We'll have more from Adam, Kate and Holland, uh, tragedy plus time in stores now, uh, and at, uh, several Brooke and mortar, uh, retailers and Rick and Morty.

Uh, uh, you know, is, is out as well.

You can watch that.

Um, we're going to be right back, uh, with more comedy, bang, bang, uh, Jack firs, a camera man is going to be up next.

So, and you do not want to miss this.

Nice.

Uh, we'll be right back with more comedy, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang.

We're back here.

Adam, Kate and Holland.

Uh, what's your shirt by the way?

I'm trying to get a brewery from Denver, Colorado ratio beer works.

Okay.

The company you like to advertise that you like to party.

Oh yeah.

I put it out there.

Yep.

Uh, and we also have Diane Templeton.

Your stance on partying is undetermined at this point.

You tell me, I think it's cool.

Yeah, me too.

Maybe you guys could party tonight.

I mean, you're here in LA, you're just straight from the airport.

You got that, uh, uh, seven 47 smells still on you.

I've pre rolled up dollar bills, hoping to meet some fancy LA people.

Oh, I consider myself to be a quite fancy one of these buttons is real gold.

So one of the buttons is real gold.

And, uh, can you tell us which one or is it up to us to guess?

You want to take bets on this?

You want to do like a little side from the top.

So I'm going to go, I'm going to go straight top because I bet you like to kiss it.

Do, uh, it's actually get this, the bottom one, the bottom one.

Yeah.

And here's why.

Cause if you want to get to the gold, you got to go all the way down.

Knock, knock.

Who's there?

No, no, no, no, no.

By the way, we both, we both said that it wasn't the bottom one.

Right.

Yeah.

I'm going to take it out and resew it.

Okay.

But we said different, but I'm going to do is I'm going to remove that.

So there's only two buttons, buttons.

So technically it's the top and the second from the top so that there'll be no bottom.

Got it.

I am sorry about that.

Okay.

We accept your apology or I don't mean to speak for you.

Scott does.

We should move on.

Okay.

All right.

You don't accept.

Oh, okay.

You do you forgive, but never forget a hundred percent.

I literally agree.

All right.

We need to get to our next guest.

He is a camera man.

Camera man or camera person.

What do you like to be called?

Uh, either or is fine, Scott.

Yeah.

Uh, I'm a camera person.

If you want to, you know, keep things gender neutral, that's, that's a okay.

Yeah.

But yeah, camera person, uh, uh, for the entertainment industry, I would imagine.

I do.

Yeah.

I do local news spots.

Local news.

Okay, great.

Uh, please welcome to the show, Jack firs.

Yeah.

Thanks for having me on guys.

My pleasure.

This is Diane over here.

Uh, and, uh, Adam, Kate and Holland.

Nice to meet you, Jack.

Hey, great to meet you.

Yeah.

Uh, and I've been on camera myself.

So you're talking to two people who have, you've, uh, you know, have the experience.

We've had the experience of looking.

What am I trying to say?

Uh, being behind the camera, but you haven't been on the other, right?

Oh, I mean, every once in a while I'll get behind there and look at the frame.

Same with me.

Now me, I wouldn't dare unless someone told me.

Mm hmm.

Uh, but anyway, welcome to the show.

Yeah, no, thanks for having me.

I don't get to talk about my work that much.

And a lot of people, uh, don't ask me about it.

So it's good to get it off my chest.

Cool.

And you're here to talk about it.

Uh, you work for the local news, you say?

Yeah.

Honestly, it's a little frustrating.

Uh, I'm kind of low man on the totem pole right now.

And, uh, they have low man on the totem pole in local news.

Yeah.

What?

So do you, are you forced to film things that, uh, you don't want to film or, you know, this lady feeding ducks.

Oh, okay.

Okay.

Who wants to do that story?

The feel good story at the end of the week.

Yeah.

Doing a lot of the feel good stuff.

So yeah, if, if you're like me and maybe into crime and maybe think, hey, this is a great way to kind of get the scoop on a lot of crimes happening in your city.

Uh, well guess again, you're not going to get there right away.

And unless there is some sort of a ordinance against feeding the ducks.

Or she's murdering the ducks.

Yeah.

You can definitely be a crime.

Some sort of citizen's arrest happened.

Yeah, I definitely looked into it.

She was kind of on the up and up and, uh, on the up and up.

Yeah.

I mean, I don't know if there's like an ordinance against staying in this bench too long, but probably not loitering.

I feel like if it's within park open hours, it's especially if the owners of the park are not, uh, I mean, there are bigger stories out there.

I keep pitching stories and they won't take any of my ideas.

You a question is your boss, a man or a woman?

Uh, it's a committee.

I mean, it's, I guess technically, I guess my boss is a guy.

There's so many people above you though.

It's a bureaucratic nightmare, Scott.

A nightmare, meaning you have, there's how many people?

I don't even know who my boss is technically.

It's like 15 bosses and I'm sort of a lone wolf.

I mean, yeah.

And so I end up freelancing.

I go from one station to another, which keeps me at the bottom of the totem pole.

You go from one station to another really, because you're looking for the perfect job, the perfect situation.

Yeah.

And my attendance is bad.

I got, I've got late, late nights.

Uh, I'm into martial arts.

Uh, yeah.

I don't know how those two are connected.

Uh, I'm just at the dojo all night long.

Oh, you are.

So what kind of martial arts do you study?

I, I kind of, I know I've practiced all of them.

I've been kind of dabbling in my own, um, yeah.

Kind of building up my own style.

Uh, you have your own style of martial arts.

Yeah.

How would you describe it?

Well, I guess you call it wolf Jitsu and it's, um, you, you guess that we would call it wolf Jitsu or that's what you call it.

I mean, if you saw it, you would guess that and you would call it that I didn't name it that frankly, he's dead on.

That's what I would call it.

You, you did not name it that, I mean, just check this out.

Oh my God.

Wolf Jitsu.

That was so lupine.

Oh my goodness.

Yeah.

Uh, so I don't know whether it's because there's a full moon out right now, by the way, I know it's affecting your period to be clinical about it.

Well, and all of this talk about Wolf and you know about wolves and the moon and all this kind of stuff and I'm just getting a little stressed out.

Yeah.

Speaking of wolves, have you heard of this guy?

The night Wolf?

No, no.

Sort of a street vigilante.

He's been cleaning up the city.

I've been trying to do a story on him and I can't get anybody to, you know, bite.

Like physically cleaning.

No, no.

He's, he's, you know, kicking butt.

He's like, he's a vigilante fighting crime out on the streets here in Los Angeles.

Yeah.

Here in Los Angeles.

What'd you call him?

The night Wolf, the night Wolf.

And I believe it's spelled, uh, N I T E cause, uh, you know, like nightlight.

Yeah.

I mean, not by his choice.

Like Nick at night.

Yeah.

I guess there's a character from mortal combat three called night Wolf.

And he just learned about that.

And that's sort of the word on the street is that he had to change it.

Maybe for copyright.

Yeah.

You would think a vigilante wouldn't care about laws like that.

Yeah, I guess so.

But I guess he's kind of, you know, trying to make a name for himself and maybe he should do K I don't know.

Maybe more like, you know, the dark knight, like K N I G H T.

I'll tell him that.

You'll tell him that?

You've you've met this?

I mean, I've been, you know, spending time on the streets trying to get word out there.

If I met him, I'd shake his hand.

Cause he's doing a hell of a job.

Wait word out about the night Wolf or about your Wolf Jitsu.

I mean, it seems like he's got a similar fighting style as mine.

Really?

It's how would one describe it?

We're one to see it.

Yeah.

I mean, it seems like some variation on Wolf Jitsu.

I mean, maybe he's one of the guys at my dojo, but you don't know who this guy is.

You're just a mere TV camera person trying to capture images.

Have you got any footage of him?

Have you seen the night Wolf out in action?

I mean, I've gotten a couple shots, but I can't get any of my producers to, you know, put that on the air or run a story on him.

And it's gotta be frustrating for the night Wolf.

Cause he goes to the trouble of building this whole persona to strike fear into the hearts of the guys in the city.

Criminals are a superstitious and cowardly lot.

Right.

And they, they don't know him.

Right.

So he'll stop them and they don't know who he is.

And what does he look like?

Does he have a costume?

I'm trying to imagine this night Wolf.

Yeah.

He's got a ski mask and a kind of, um, sport sporting apparel.

Sporting apparel.

I don't know what that means.

I mean, is it sort of like her jacket with all the shoulder pads?

Yeah, it does look a little bit like that jacket.

So he looks like he's a cast member of working girl with a ski mask.

Yeah, I guess so.

So that's scary as hell.

Is there anything Wolf like about the outfit?

Has he added ears or a tail or anything like that?

Yeah, there's, uh, there there's like, there were ears they've kind of fallen off.

They weren't on there great.

Or so the shot I have of them suggests.

I could have sewn them for him.

Yeah.

I think he had them super glued on there and, um, yeah, that's not going to hold.

And it doesn't hold.

Yeah.

I think like somebody told them to try gorilla glue and that stuff.

It isn't as strong as you would think.

Or so the rumors on the street go.

Well, if you'd like, I can mention this night Wolf to my women's empowerment group and get some buzz going.

Yeah, there are no members in this group.

There are currently no members.

Well, at this point, anything is good.

Two pending.

Thank you.

Yeah, uh, to, to Samsung owners, uh, have not gotten back to her, but, uh, uh, what type of crimes has the night Wolf stopped, uh, prevented or been privy to?

Yeah.

A couple kids breaking windows.

Oh, well, I like Adam's book.

He has a, he has a big section in the book about breaking windows.

Bit of a night Wolf myself back in the day.

Well, I mean, you were the opposite of the night Wolf in the sense of you were the vandal though.

Yes, but I exhibited a certain, you know, deafness, a certain agility in my, in my vandalism.

Yeah.

Wait, can we see a little bit of your form?

Sure.

Yeah, that's not, that's not Wolf Jitsu.

It's not Wolf.

I mean, it's damn impressive, but it's not Wolf Jitsu.

Yeah.

So what, so, so wait, kids broke windows and he, what did, what did the night Wolf do?

Uh, I mean, he kicked their asses.

Uh, well, I mean, teens, um, kids, they're not, uh, yeah, I don't know if you know about the broken window theory, you know?

No, I don't.

What is it?

It's, uh, if you, you got a broken window, people are going to do other bad stuff.

So you got to start small.

Yeah.

Keep the windows together and, uh, respect for the neighborhood.

Respect for the neighborhood.

Clean up some garbage that may have been thrown on the ground.

Literers.

Yeah.

I think the night Wolf has stopped a few literers here and there.

I mean, that's annoying as hell.

I got a question for the night Wolf.

Oh, the night Wolf is not here.

Oh, well, I'm sorry.

You seem to be somewhat of an authority on this guy.

I mean, I'm obsessed with the guy, uh, cause you seem to think he's doing a, I think he's, I'm not one up job.

Yeah.

I'm not one of those people that thinks he's a menace.

Uh, I think he's actually a pretty good guy.

And means, is there someone at your station who thinks he's a menace?

Who does editorials about him?

I was under the impression word wasn't getting out about him.

So I'm just wondering how these strong opinions are.

I mean, yeah.

You know, some of those, uh, bureaucratic Jake jerk offs at my office.

There's a guy named Jake.

He's a real jerk off.

Jake jerk off.

It's Jake guys.

He is he an anchor?

Is he one of your boss?

One of the anchors and this guy, Jake jerk off is very famous anchor jerk off.

Is yeah.

Jake jerk off.

Okay.

He, uh, I keep bringing up the night Wolf and he's like, you know, it sounds like a menace guys just running on rooftops.

He's right.

Oh, so he finds these kids on rooftops.

I mean, he looks down, he looks down from rooftops and then, then what happens?

You know, he'll pounce, he'll strike.

What do you mean though?

Like how's he get down from the rooftop?

Uh, well he, uh, has a rope ladder.

He'll, you know, he sees crime and again, this is hypothetical.

I don't know.

But the evidence suggests, the evidence suggests he'll see crime from the rooftop from a criminal mischief a foot and he'll, uh, use some duct tape, probably tape up a piece of rope to, you know, a pipe or something.

I don't know about that.

That's not safe.

Tie the rope.

Like why have a rope ladder if you're gonna, I'm sure he can handle it.

He's a man.

Yeah.

Well, uh, use that gorilla glue or something.

I don't know.

It's, it's, doesn't seem safe.

I would, uh, if were I to be him and by the way, I'm not him.

I probably have an alibi for every single time the night wolf has been spotted.

Maybe you are him.

Do you, I certainly don't know how to do wolf Jitsu.

I don't go to your dojo.

Where's your dojo?

Cause I don't think I go to yours.

What, which dojo?

Yeah.

Which one are you at?

Uh, it's like a private dojo.

Yeah.

Mine's public.

Okay.

Cause I, I don't mind people taking a look at what I do there.

Uh, but, uh, so I'm certainly not the night wolf.

Just saying that's kind of what the night wolf would probably say if cornered and asked point blank.

You don't want to corner the night wolf.

Now you seem to have a lot of knowledge about this night wolf and what he's not.

Well, he's not the night wolf.

Okay.

I'm just, I know for a fact, he's not, how do you know for a fact that I mean, just, you know, from the footage I have, I just don't think I, okay.

What kind of, I mean, what is it about me?

You don't know exactly who he is.

Yes, I don't.

I mean, Clark Kent, by the way, spoilers for Superman.

If you're reading it.

Oh, hold on.

Clark. Okay. Clark Kent is, uh, his alter ego is Superman.

And, uh, you would think from the footage of Superman that this meek, mild mannered reporter could not be Superman, but he actually is Superman.

So that's, that's what a lot of times, if you have a secret identity, you're disguising the fact and trying to alter perceptions of you.

Yeah.

Here's the thing.

You're done talking about Superman.

Yeah.

We're done talking about Superman.

I just dropped a smoke bomb.

Excuse me.

Uh, sorry about that.

Wait, what is that?

Yeah.

Every once in a while to get a cool shot, you want some smoke in the frame.

Oh, that makes sense.

To kind of filter out the light.

Yeah.

I am filming this.

I'm getting kind of surveillance in the whole area.

Yeah.

Let me just quickly step behind these gentlemen here.

Yeah.

So a little, a little haze as they call it in the business.

You sometimes want that.

So sometimes you want a little haze.

Yeah.

Okay.

Oh, that makes total sense.

Huh?

God, who is this Nightwolf guy though?

God, I mean, it's such a mystery.

I'm surprised no one wants to cover this.

I've never even heard of him.

Ask about it, report on it.

Yeah.

I mean, to me, I, if I were the Nightwolf, I'd want to come out with you.

Yeah.

Which I'm not.

How do you know that, uh, Diana is not the Nightwolf?

Just from the frame of you guys, I can kind of tell.

I think he's got sort of more, uh, you're kind of tall.

You're kind of too short.

He's kind of got like a medium build.

Medium.

Yeah.

I have a medium build as far as anyone knows.

Wait a minute.

But you just landed on a plane.

What was the, was there any Nightwolf activity last night?

Uh, no.

There wasn't.

So you could be the Nightwolf.

Maybe check the records for Colorado.

See if there's any Rocky Mountain Nightwolf activity.

Any windows broken?

I could have been responsible for that.

Wait, wait, wait.

So you were doing something?

Yeah.

Then there was activity.

I think I got to, let me just check my notes.

Uh, yeah.

So it's not you either.

Anyway.

So wait, you have a book on this.

You're keeping notes on this guy.

Yeah.

You have a, it looks to be some sort of, it looks to be one of those, uh, uh, just notebook paper.

Uh, yeah.

I call this notebook paper.

Um, it's just a, it's not bound together by anything.

It's just loose scraps.

Yeah.

Scraps of paper.

And they're all different sizes as well as if you've torn off little notes, but you've, you put them together in a pile.

Yeah.

My printing is very small.

Yeah.

And, and, uh, almost like a manifesto.

Yeah.

It's a bit of a manifesto.

I guess you could call this the Nightwolf manifesto if you want.

I mean, it's all about them.

I mean, you can probably, I mean, if you guys want to name that, sure.

It's not me doing it.

What do you plan to do with this, uh, uh, manifesto?

Are you planning to mail it to the, anyone?

Should anything ever happen to you or?

Yeah.

I mean, I'm going to send this baby around and get this, uh, get this part of Adam.

If you could like put in a word with your guy, maybe send it to your parents because they have some good notes about your book.

I'll send it to my parents first, but if they say pass it along, I'd be happy to send it to my publisher.

That sounds fascinating.

Maybe it's like hanging out with Lydia for an afternoon.

You never know.

It's a Nightwolf.

It's a Nightwolf scenario.

You could send it to my husband and he could show the NFL.

So he still talks to the NFL and brings them literature?

Yeah.

He's brought them a couple of, um, which, which books, pardon, which books.

Yeah.

Oh, um, you keep saying, by the way, you keep saying things like pardon as if you're stalling.

Just answer the questions.

Okay.

A lot of books.

Wait, wait, wait, wait.

Answer the question.

There's a lot of characters.

Yeah.

Please.

No, sorry.

Yeah.

Who got, sorry.

I'm just, you got kind of a even gravel your voice.

Yeah, no, sorry.

I'm, I'm, cause you're, you're already like 90% gravel with your voice.

If you don't mind me saying you sound like you've eaten several chocolate croissants, but then you got even, you got even gravel here.

I didn't mean to make you so angry.

No, it's okay.

I got to get home and feed my wolves and I'm kind of stressed out about it.

You have wolves?

Pet wolves?

I got two pet wolves, justice and payback.

And, um, I've, you know, I found them as cubs and I've been raising them and they depend on me for food.

So where did you find them as cubs?

I've never found an adult wolf, let alone a cub wolf.

Yeah.

Let alone two.

Yeah.

I guess I'm just plugged in with the wolf community.

Uh, I've spent some time in the outdoors.

Your last name is Jack furs.

That's right.

Yeah.

Like the fir tree or F U R S?

Yeah, it's F U R Z.

Z.

Okay.

So cool version of, yeah.

Kind of like the hair, but a little cooler.

Well, yeah, right.

Yeah, that is cooler.

That is cool.

Yeah.

Well, you seem like an interesting guy with a lot of, uh, you know, at least one very interesting hobby that you brought to our attention and I'm fascinated.

Yeah, and I'm going to be writing a memoir soon too.

You are really?

Yeah.

My parents were tragically murdered and I'm obsessed with crime since then.

I love to talk about, I'm going to write it down in book form and I feel like this now I know this is the place to kind of talk about this.

How were they murdered?

Do you mind saying?

Mm hmm.

That's just some kids breaking windows.

Okay.

Look, yeah.

Started with kids breaking windows or the act of them breaking windows somehow killed your parents.

Yeah.

I mean, I'm still investigating glass embedded.

Yeah.

In their brass.

Involved in the brains.

Yeah.

Right through the eyeballs.

Okay.

Look, we need to take a break.

I'm so sorry.

It's terrible.

Sorry to hear about that.

It was a long time ago.

We're going to take a break.

When we come back, we're going to have more from Diane Templeton, more from Adam, Kate and Holland and Jack Firs, more from you.

And, uh, maybe we'll hear a little bit more about the night Wolf.

I have no idea if there's any more to say about him.

Oh yeah.

I feel like we've barely scratched the surface.

Really?

Much like the glass with your parents.

The opposite of that, I guess, because it's not.

Only scratched the surface.

Firmly embedded in the surface.

All right.

We'll be right back.

Comedy bang, bang.

We're back here with Adam, Kate and Holland tragedy.

Plus time is the name of the book, which is a little bit of a spoiler, I think.

But, uh, you know, I want you to know what you're buying.

Don't want you to be shocked by it.

I disagree.

I think it should just be called book book.

Yeah.

I even that is kind of too much of a spoiler.

I would prefer you're on Amazon and you just order a thing.

Question mark on the little log.

Yeah.

You know, and then you get it and you're like, oh, this thing's a book.

Guess I'll read it.

Yeah, I guess.

I guess I am forced to read it.

Yeah.

Uh, we also have Diane Templeton who is, uh, some sort of an activist.

Uh, although she seems to be just kind of a nomad who's wandering around town and sleeping in a basement, wandering into hospitals.

It is a bunker and I'm not wandering in hospitals.

I'm popping in.

That's what a new mom wants.

One warm battery does not a bunker make.

So I ha I hate to split hairs with you.

Uh, no, you're right.

Okay.

And, uh, we also have, uh, Jack Furs, who's a camera person, um, who's continually late to his job.

Uh, a bit of a freelancer, a lot of local news jobs.

Yeah.

Um, you know, trying to, trying to transition more into photojournalism, maybe kind of do some real crime reporting.

So wait, you're, you're, you're, you're trying to transfer from moving images to still images.

Yeah.

I mean, I guess, uh, you know, photojournalism.

A docu journalism docu journal.

So yeah, I'm a video guy.

I can't, you're a video guy, but you're trying to, I don't know what the distinction is right now.

You're, I think right now I'm capturing images.

I'd also love to tell the stories.

Oh, okay.

I see the narrative a bit more.

Do you have some, some sort of a web log or, uh, uh, I'm actually not online.

You're not.

No.

Oh, it's a great way of getting your story out.

Yeah.

I think that's God.

You know, I've been trying to get a couple handles and they're not available.

Email handles or email handles.

Which ones are you trying to get?

Maybe we could, I mean, much like mail.com we tried to get recently, uh, didn't work out for us, but, uh, maybe we could try to investigate them for you through a Squarespace.

You know, I hear Squarespace makes buying domain names very easy.

Okay.

Did you just trick me into doing an ad for Squarespace?

I may anyway.

All right.

I mean, but what are you doing?

I don't need, I don't need a website.

I mean, rumor on the street is the night Wolf is looking for some sort of like Twitter handle.

Oh really?

Yeah.

But night Wolf is taken.

Yeah.

They're all taken.

They're all pretty much every kind of variation.

And I see Wolf taking, what about a hyphen?

Because I hear those are like combining two things.

I mean, the underscore is complicated.

Uh, the underscore, I hate that you have to press shift to get it.

I'll usually be like, I, it's not worth the trouble.

If my parents had underscored my last name, I would have rejected.

Can you imagine rejecting?

I'd be Adam X.

Oh, I love that.

Thank you.

Um, so, uh, uh, what else are you looking for?

Did you say you're looking for anything else?

Just night Wolf as a Twitter handle?

No.

Yeah.

I mean, I guess I'll take a website, anything where people can come up with an email address.

Yeah.

Sorry.

Yeah.

Well, I had a question about the night Wolf if, and I know you're not an expert.

I'm not him, but I can, from what you were telling and rumor on the street, it sounds like he goes after, you know, teens breaking windows and you're, has he ever run a foul of, of adults doing real crimes and, and how does he respond to them?

And has he been able to thwart them or is it more just teen, you know, policing?

Yeah, he's running into a couple full grown adults.

Yeah.

Uh, and they're not all victories, I believe, uh, you know, for the night Wolf, he's not on stop.

He's not Superman.

All right.

This is the real world.

I mean, he's just a street vigilante.

He has no special abilities other than a variation of Wolf Jitsu.

He's got some sort of variation of Wolf Jitsu.

He's it's not exactly.

How does it vary?

It seems, um, I mean, and again, this is off the footage I have and it's very dark and very smoky, a lot of haze.

A lot of haze.

Right.

Was that haze provided by you?

You know, he definitely, I mean, maybe I'll run into him when I talk to my smoke bomb guy.

Who's your smoke bomb guy?

Who do you use?

Terry.

Oh, Terry.

Yeah.

I've been to him.

Yeah, he's good.

He's the best.

He's great.

You gotta go to Terry and hey, we did it for Squarespace.

Let me do it for Terry the smoke bomb guy.

Here we go.

If you need a smoke bomb, go to Terry the smoke bomb guy.

He's got smoke bombs, gas grenades.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

He, uh, that's his joke.

He likes to make up the butt.

He's got a lot of good butt humor.

Sounds like a good dude.

He's funny as hell, man.

Sounds like a real good dude.

I freaking love this guy.

Oh, do you ever go to just to hear his jokes?

You know, like you don't need smoke bombs.

Yeah, yeah.

I'm that guy.

I'm that guy just sitting down at the smoke bomb shop and he'll be like, you need a smoke bomb?

I'm like, I'm good.

You sold me a million.

I'm just here for the show.

So, so, so you were saying he's, he's run afoul of some adults.

Yeah, yeah.

I believe he was hospitalized for a while after running into a couple of guys.

Um, and this is just like a real gang, like a hard hitting gang.

They messed him up pretty good.

And that kind of, when was this?

This was, I think six months ago.

Oh, where were you working at the time?

At the time I was taking the whole time off.

That was a little sabbatical.

I was just accrued some vacation days.

Yeah.

I'd kind of built up a lot of vacation time and I'd been doing a couple intense stories.

And did you ever think to try to go find him or see him at the hospital?

I mean, I'm popping in and out of there all the time.

So yeah, more info I could have.

Yeah.

Did you hear the rumors while he was in the hospital?

Did you go look for him or, uh, there was kind of a crossover time where I was also in the hospital and, oh my God, what happened?

Me?

I got into an accident.

You did.

What type of a car accident?

No, it was like some knives fell on me.

Oh, where, where were you keeping your knives?

You know, somebody must've like dumped them out of a window or something.

And so yeah, a lot of these scars, these scars.

Oh my God.

You're lifting up your shirt right now.

You look like Adam over here.

Or Mr. Rogers.

No, I mean, I don't mean the scars.

I mean, you, you shirtless with a blazer.

Right.

Yeah.

That's a lot.

Oh my God.

So, and those are deep.

Yeah.

They're very deep.

Yeah.

They were life threatening.

It was, uh, yeah.

Thank God it wasn't in your eyes.

Like your parents.

Yeah.

Is that a sore subject for you?

It is.

Yeah.

And I don't know how you knew that the glass went into their eyes.

That's how it got to their brain.

Uh, you seem to know a lot about this.

Uh, I mean, I was, how long ago was this?

Uh, I don't know, 25 years.

I don't know.

I think 25 years ago.

So like, yeah, your husband, I think your husband was playing in the NFL at the time he was on a practice squad.

Yeah.

I was too busy.

This is 1993 or so.

I was too busy watching, uh, the green Bay Packers practice squad games to really do much.

We all were.

Yeah.

Uh, I wasn't, I certainly wasn't, uh, breaking windows or anything like that.

Although, like I said, Adam here has a whole section in his book about windows.

He's broken about the excuses he gave people.

So if you're looking for somebody who's out there breaking windows, I mean, I would look a little bit more at your, uh, uh, 11 o'clock rather than at me at your two.

Hey, I'm over it.

I'm over it.

Okay.

Oh, really?

It doesn't affect you at all?

No, it doesn't really affect me.

I'm like totally over it.

Uh, I'm not like the night Wolf who I think is obsessed with it.

With your parents?

Yeah.

Okay.

Wow.

Boy, he sounds like an interesting guy.

I'd love to get him on the show.

Very personable.

But until I do, uh, it's time for one of our favorite features on the show.

And that's a little something called would you rather.

Oh, right.

It's time to play.

Would you rather we all know how this is played?

Uh, we, we, we all know, uh, people send us would you rather scenarios to our Twitter, which is at CBB WIR comedy bang, bang.

Would you rather I'll read the particular scenario I've chosen allowed.

Uh, I will then open the floor for questions.

Please don't ask questions before the floor is open as they will not be accepted.

Now I'll have to dock you points, but once I do open the floor for questions, uh, you're free to ask any question that you choose until the floor is closed.

Uh, there will be no warning as to, uh, when the floor will be closed.

Uh, and, uh, then we'll tally up the points and we'll see, uh, but don't make your choice until the floor is closed, by the way.

Uh, so, uh, let's get to it.

This comes to us from bingo boy, bingo boy boy.

He, uh, you know, I bet if there were a vigilante named bingo boy, that would be a lot of trouble, uh, because bingo boy is already taken here.

Do you think there'd be a vigilante named bingo boy?

Bingo boy.

I mean, it sounds like maybe a sidekick name, but like, did you say psychic or sidekick?

Uh, I said sidekick, but you know, it would be a good compliment to the night wolf.

If he had, if bingo boy had some psych abilities to know when the gang members are there with sharp knives, adults or teens.

Yeah.

Bingo boy sounds like a little younger, so maybe he's kind of hip to what the teens are talking about and would keep the night wolf out of getting into some awkward situations overhearing things that he thinks maybe aren't great.

Anyway.

Yeah.

Night works alone, so I heard.

Okay.

All right.

Well, uh, bingo boy, I'm sure he has, uh, uh, no affiliation with night wolf.

Uh, currently, uh, he asks, would you rather have a kazoo for a nose or have anyone named Chris be able to read your mind?

Would you rather have a kazoo for a nose or have anyone named Chris be able to read your mind?

I am opening the floor for questions.

Now is the kazoo standard size?

A standard kazoo size.

Yeah.

It's the size of a kazoo.

Okay.

Yeah.

It's, it's pretty much, well, it's to scale.

It's nine 10th scale.

Okay.

What level of control do you have over the kazoo?

Can you make beautiful fun songs with it or is it just an annoying sound that you can't control?

Adam, have you ever played a kazoo in your life?

Yeah.

Can you, that this was not covered in your memoir by the way.

No, it's this editor took it out.

So I would love to know every time you played a kazoo.

Okay.

Well, I'll send you those pages cause I have them written.

Oh, okay.

Great.

Yeah.

So, uh, I, I believe the, uh, user of the instrument, the musical instrument, the kazoo has full, complete control over the kazoo sounds, adjusting the pitch of the, uh, melodies, according to the shape of the, uh, throats and the constriction of the throat and the, the shape of the tongue.

Uh, and you have that with the kazoo as the nose as well.

Other than when you sneeze and then it's just a full on just blaring hug.

Yeah, exactly.

Okay.

And, and, and the other option is a person named Chris.

Chris.

Read your mind.

Yeah.

Do you work with anyone named Chris or I know you have that guy.

At the station, we got Jack Jergoff.

Sure.

You have Jack Jergoff.

Yeah.

We got a couple of Chris's.

You do.

Are they men or women?

Both in this bureaucratic nightmare.

Because by the way, I know you haven't asked, uh, Christine's who are nicknamed Chris.

They can read it.

Yeah, exactly.

It's just about to happen.

Even KRIS's, you know, any spelling of Chris can read.

Yeah.

So like, uh, but it would not work with like a Kirstie Alley.

No.

Unless she, for some weird reason was like, you know what?

I want to read this guy's mind or woman's mind.

Uh, and, uh, so I'm going to have everyone call me Chris for a few years.

Really for a nickname to stick.

It has to be a nickname that's been in continuous usage for approximately two years.

Or, uh, you know, 700 and you know, 30 days or so.

Yeah.

I mean, that's good for the night.

That's good for the night wolf to hear.

If like he would find that out, like to stick with it, stick with it for a couple more years.

And like word will get out.

Right.

How long has the night wolf, you said six months ago, this six months ago, he was attacked pretty bad.

And how long had he been?

That was, uh, 6.5 months into him doing that.

That was kind of early on, I believe.

So about 28 weeks in.

Yeah.

And then Chris would read my mind.

Yeah.

So don't choose yet, but yeah.

So all, yeah.

Anyone know anything about me?

Any, I mean, I'm sure you don't have any weird stuff that you're hiding.

I mean, I guess we all have stuff we're hiding.

That leads me to my next question.

If this Chris can read my mind and they're like, Oh, say that I do have some sort of illegal thought or something like that.

If this Chris person reports it to the proper authorities, would they just think this Chris person's insane?

I'd say, I don't know what they're talking about.

I've never met this person.

The Chris is allowed to talk.

Now you're talking about mind crime, which, uh, is of course the plot of that movie minority report.

Yes.

I think it's called mine.

I think it's called mine crime.

I think it's called minority report.

Why do you think it's called mine?

It's called mine crime.

Why do you think that?

I mean, I just have an image of the poster in my head.

What are you seeing?

I'm seeing Tom cruise.

Okay.

What's he doing?

He's got his arms crossed and one finger out.

This may be a European poster.

One finger out, one fingers up.

Like the Paramount picture.

Kind of shaking it like no, no, no.

Yeah.

Minecrapped.

By the way, the Paramount picture is a deep reference.

Uh, the 75th anniversary Paramount picture where he has a finger up anyway.

So if it's the Korean, it's the Korean Twitter yesterday.

Of course, the Paramount.

If it's some other translation.

You got William Shatner back there with a finger on.

Yeah.

I think he's in.

Sorry, Adam.

You're going to say if it's some other translation of minority report where it's mind crimes.

Mind crimes.

Or dystopian future.

Do you know other languages by the way?

I mean, I can talk to Wolf's kind.

I mean, I'm kind of like, you've been raising justice and, uh, payback payback.

You've been raising them since they were Cubs and how old are they now?

I'm just kind of paying it forward with those guys because you know, believe it or not, wolves raised me after the death of my parents.

Wait, so your parents died 25 years ago and other wolves other than these Cubs raised you?

Yeah, that's right.

Yeah.

How did those find you or did you find them?

I found them.

I was just, I, after the death, I just wandered into the woods.

So twice in your life, you have found four wolves.

Four wolves total twice.

I mean, I found two, two found me.

Okay. So two and two situation, Chuck Woolery kind of thing.

Two and two.

Not a Chris, by the way.

Not a Chris.

Chuck Woolery would not be able to- Good guy.

Okay.

Well, I feel like we're getting off track here.

Certainly.

But, uh, so all Chris's, we got Chris Pine.

We have Chris Pratt.

Chris Elliott.

Chris Jenner.

Chris Hemsworth.

Oh my God.

Chris Jenner!

That's the Chris I was thinking about.

Yeah. They're all able to, to pick up in there in that noggin.

I wouldn't mind Chris Hemsworth reading my mind, but any other Chris I feel like I'd have a problem with.

Yeah. Why not Chris Hemsworth?

I think he's fun.

I love Thor Rangernark and, uh, I just, he seems fun, like a fun dude.

And I don't think I'd have any secrets between me and a guy like that.

Well, for me, I, I, you know, I like the idea of, uh, the female Chris's reading my mind so that they can get the message that people just aren't getting.

Cause they're not in the group.

But do you think Christine Baranski is nicknamed Chris?

Christine.

Yep.

I do.

You do?

I absolutely do.

Do you think it's in continuous rotation though?

Is it Chris or is it Chrissy?

I bet someone like her has been smart enough to put that into play years ago.

Yeah.

Just in case something like this came up so she could dip into it.

I'd love to get her on the show.

Do you think she might be the Nightwolf?

I doubt it.

You know, she was on that Sybil show.

Yeah.

Was she ever in the hospital?

I haven't seen her in person, so I don't know exactly how tall she is, but I doubt it.

How tall was the Nightwolf you were saying?

Yeah, like 5'10.

Yeah.

I feel like that's about her exactly.

Do you think 5'10 is medium?

Yeah, 5'10 is medium, right?

I guess.

I don't know.

5'10 seems on the tall side.

I think it's average.

You think 5'10 is average for a man?

Yeah, yeah.

He seems about average.

5'9?

I'm 5'9 and everyone says I'm very average.

Yeah, yeah.

Yeah.

So you're like just slightly too short to be the Nightwolf.

Although maybe the Nightwolf, those pictures you have, the Nightwolf was on his tippy toes.

Was he ever on his tippy toes?

Did you ever tilt the camera down?

Platform shoes?

Yeah.

I'm just, this is guesswork here.

I'm going to say no.

I don't think he was.

Well, because you can't see from all the haze.

There's a lot of haze.

There's a lot of haze, but I mean, I don't know.

The people at the hospital said he was probably around my size and weight.

Wait, so the people at the hospital who took care of the Nightwolf?

Wait, so how did...

Took care of you at the same time?

Was he wearing the ski mask at the...

He was like the ski, he was so cut up that the ski mask was basically glued to his face.

And also some of the hot glue gun that he used to glue those stupid ears on at the top of the ski mask, it leaked on and they couldn't really get it off.

So it's horrifically bonded to his face, despite the wounds and the need to take it off.

Which is a benefit though, in order to remain anonymous.

Yeah, I guess.

That's why the women should be slicing up the clothing for the men.

See what happens when they slice it themselves?

Yeah.

You have a girlfriend or a wife?

Great question.

It's hard with the amount of time I spend either in the studio, out doing stories or at the dojo.

Or the smoke bomb guys.

And I'm at Terry's and he doesn't know anybody.

So I'm like, Terry, hook me up, brother.

Yeah.

Terry doesn't know anyone?

Terry doesn't know anybody.

Why not?

It seems like Terry, he's a fun guy.

He's funny as hell.

Man, maybe too many butt jokes.

I don't know.

Yeah, I guess it's kind of like a lot of scatological stuff, a lot of butt stuff, a lot of gas stuff.

I mean, that tickles me like crazy.

Why do you think that is?

What is it about your upbringing?

Is it the wolves?

I think it's the wolves.

Find that funny?

The wolves do a lot of shit stuff and that's...

It's a universal angle.

Yeah, it's a classic wolf prank.

Yeah.

Also, it's basically one of the only mediums they have to work with.

Yeah, Terry only knows women who are kind of like, you know, way too old.

How old are we talking?

I mean, we're talking like thirties.

Oh, Scott, come on now.

I'm just wondering how old you think a woman is when she's dateable.

Being a rascal.

I mean, they're age appropriate for Terry.

He's 68 years old.

Okay, so they're 68 years old?

Yeah, they're usually around his ballpark.

Right.

You know, too old for me.

But that's too old for you.

You don't want like a herald mod type of situation.

It gets weird.

I've tried.

I've tried dating one of Terry's friends.

Really?

Which one?

Her name's Rose.

Okay.

My life's just too active.

Yeah, I can imagine.

I mean, I barely know how you fit the wolves in there.

These cubs.

How old are they?

Yeah, the wolves did not like her.

Payback and justice.

Yeah.

What are they now?

Oh, God.

Three.

So they're full grown wolves now.

I guess they're not technically pups anymore in my mind.

They're still pups.

Do they ever go in the shoots with you?

Do they go out on the shoots with you?

The wolves?

I mean, I brought them to work once just to scare the crap out of that fucking Jake jerkoff.

Yeah, I bet.

I bet they did it.

Yeah.

Oh, yeah.

I bet he was shitting his pants.

Yeah, the wolves love that.

We were all laughing about it.

We were all laughing about that.

He literally shit his pants.

Oh, man.

God.

I want to get that up on YouTube so bad, but I can't get a frigging name that I want on YouTube.

I can't get the account I want.

That's too bad.

That is an insurmountable obstacle.

God damn.

The internet is so hard.

It's impossible.

It is.

I'm not sure why no one is asking questions about this scenario.

I had one.

Does the nose work normally?

Can you smell the same?

Is it or is it like no, you still smell terrible.

Scott.

That's how you do it, Joe.

The old Joe.

Knock, knock.

Who's there?

You've got to meet Terry.

I kind of meet this guy.

But because, yeah, I mean, what part of the city is he at?

Terry?

He's downtown Los Angeles.

Over by Crime Alley?

Yeah, yeah.

He's right off of Crime Alley, right where like there's those bars where all the criminals hang out.

Oh, yeah, definitely.

Yeah.

But where it's off limits for superheroes to go in.

Yeah, they can't get in there.

Yeah.

And like you got to be a master of disguise to get in there if you're not a criminal.

Well, I've closed the floor for questions.

I'm so sorry.

You tried to get one in there, but you did not under the wire.

So we're going to have to tell you the points here in a second after you guys vote.

So I'm going to go to Adam, Kate and Holland first.

Which side of the scenario are you leaning towards?

I'm leaning towards anyone named Chris being able to read my mind.

Yeah.

Because I just don't want to have a kazoo nose.

That doesn't sound fun to me.

I don't like the sound of a kazoo.

And I got nothing to hide, man.

I just wrote a tell-all memoir.

Yeah.

It's all out there.

It's like basically if they read your mind, it's just like reading your book.

Just like reading my book.

Yeah.

Okay.

And Diane, what do you think?

I'm going to go ahead and say agree with Adam on this to also have any and all Chris's read my mind so that I can get out my mental memoir for women to empower themselves and one another to stand behind their man.

And also I don't want to have a loud kazoo nose in case a man needs me to be quiet.

Yeah.

What is your best friend's name again?

I actually never said it.

My best friend's name is Marine.

Marine.

Marine Chris Marine.

Marine Chris Marine?

Yeah.

Has she used the nickname Chris?

Yeah.

How long has that been?

That's what she goes by.

Yes.

I thought you asked for her full name.

Oh, okay.

So wait.

So, so is, uh, is it her middle name and she's bookended by Marines?

Yes.

Is she some sort of- Has she ever been bookended by Marines?

By the way?

Her parents are actually both Marines.

Oh, okay.

So she was actually- Not what I was trying to infer.

Does she stop like ocean crime or- Uh, no, she sleeps with my husband.

Oh, okay.

Yeah.

Exclusively.

She rocks the boat though.

Knock, knock.

Okay.

All right.

I'll give it to you.

And Jack, how do you like to vote here?

I gotta go kazoo nose.

You got it.

Really?

Why is that?

Well, uh, you know, I think, uh, I don't want any Chris's reading my mind and finding things out about me.

Oh yeah.

Do you have, you don't seem like a very secretive fellow though.

You seem wide open.

You've told us so many things.

Right.

But you know, I, uh- What do we know about you?

Let's see.

You, uh, work out with the dojo.

Parents died glass in glass related.

You're late to work a lot.

I'm late to work.

You were raised by wolves and owned two wolves and raised two wolves.

That's right.

You were in the hospital for a stretch of time.

You want to tell your story?

Yeah.

You're heavily scarred.

You got a lot of scars and that's why I'm like, who cares?

I'm already fucked up.

I feel like I know.

So I feel like I know way more about you than almost Adam and I read his book last night.

Wow.

He's more forthcoming.

Jack, I feel like if you have this kazoo nose and you're trying to be stealth, perhaps to get some footage of the night wolf.

Only for the purposes of getting footage.

Only the purpose of getting footage and you get excited and you're breathing heavy.

I feel like it might kind of come out and reveal your breath.

But don't you think you could put some sort of attachment on there that could turn it into almost like a howl type sound?

Well, you can no longer ask questions.

I know.

Like a kazoo modulator?

Yeah.

If I could put some sort of kazoo modulator on there.

That made it sound like a wolf sound.

Like maybe the wolves would maybe payback and justice would be into it.

Maybe they'd get a laugh out of it.

I guess with those duck call, you know, situations, they make them sound like specific ducks.

I bet you would.

Although we never will know.

Well, no, we don't have the question.

Yeah, too bad.

So is it much like blowing a kazoo, which is your choice?

You are choosing the kazoo.

And I feel like, yeah, I could put some sort of, you know, under a mask.

It would probably.

Under a mask?

You'd wear a mask while you're out there working?

I mean, if I'm in like a, if I'm skiing or something.

Oh, do you ski?

I've skied.

Yeah.

What does that?

Anyone you ask, if they ski, they're not skiing currently.

So I'm not sure why you're making the distinction of you have skied.

Meaning, do you do it a lot?

I don't do it often, but yeah.

You know, I have skied and I'm not doing it right now.

Wow.

I'm glad we know this.

I'm glad that we know this about you.

You are a catch.

You think he's a catch, really?

I do.

Yeah.

Are you in the market for, I mean, you have a husband.

I'm not sure if you're.

Between my husband and my bopping around by day in the bunker, I'm full at the moment.

I mean, I would love to love again.

But you love.

Can't you know, right now I love the city more than anything and I can't, it's, it takes up a lot of my time.

Yeah.

Wait, did you ever have a love?

Yeah, I did.

Yeah.

God damn.

What happened to him or her?

Well, she got in a, an accident with, uh, you know, some kids breaking some windows and, uh, it didn't end well.

And you know, I, for who?

For her, Diane, what about the kids?

The kids?

They got away.

Yeah.

I'm still looking for them.

You're looking for them.

What are you going to do?

You know, I'm over it basically, but I'm over it.

But you're still looking for them?

Yeah.

Casual, casual.

Keeping one eye.

I'm not like the night Wolf guys.

Frigging obsessed with it.

He's obsessed with your girlfriend and your parents.

Yeah.

Let me tell you if the points here.

Uh, let's see the, um, we have the kazoo nose, uh, is, uh, one point.

Uh, and we have the Chris reading, uh, the mind docs you a hundred points.

So let's tally up the points.

We have Adam, Kate and Holland at negative a hundred Diane Templeton at negative a hundred and a Jack first year at one.

So, wow, you're a winner today.

Congratulations.

Wow.

That's how we play.

Would you rather?

Wow.

Oh, thanks.

And I love this sound.

You like this sound.

Yeah.

To make you think of.

It just makes me think of like looking down on crime alley.

You've looked down on crime alley.

I mean, when I'm trying to get a good shot, when I'm setting up cameras to try to get a shot of that, I mean, they don't call it crime alley for nothing.

I mean, a lot of stuff goes down there.

Yeah.

Well, not for long.

Okay.

Well, that's how long we got a hero out there.

This guy, night Wolf.

I don't know a whole lot about him, but I know something.

By the way, he's a good guy and he's not a menace.

I feel like you've talked continuously about him.

So to say that you don't know much about him.

I mean, I feel like I almost know everything about night Wolf and that's solely through you.

Well, he's just a big, exciting story right now.

I can't, I'm, it's hard not to talk about it.

Question it pretty hard.

Well, it's like the media, the MSM covering Trump, you know, it's all the palace intrigue, you know, it's like, it's hard.

He's such an imposing figure and takes up so much of our airspace.

It's hard not to talk about him.

And you must feel that way about the night Wolf.

I do too.

Yeah.

I can do with a little less Trump, a little more night Wolf straight up.

Yeah.

I'd like to see that on my news.

Night Wolf for president.

Wait a minute.

Oh my God.

We've never elected a masked vigilante as president.

If he can clean up a city, imagine what he could do to a country.

I mean, Abraham Lincoln, he had that big hat and sometimes I kind of think he wanted to like take it down over his face, you know?

Yeah.

And that might be a good look for the night Wolf is to just get one of those big stuff, stovepipe hats, big stovepipe, sort of like not even the hat, just stuff pipe over his head, put some holes on there.

I mean, it looked like one of the guys at Disneyland, like Br'er Bear, like what I used to work as with little holes in the neck.

Yeah.

I mean, you could use some of that for, I mean, if you still got to hook up at Disney and, uh, I don't, uh, no, yeah, no, no hookup currently at Disney.

Yeah.

All right.

Well, yeah, I could talk to my husband and see what the NFL can provide.

Yeah.

Well, I mean, I don't know.

I'm just assuming maybe he wants a better costume that like kind of at least gives off some hint of Wolfishness.

Well, Hey, if he needs anything sliced, you know where to turn.

Yeah.

I mean, uh, maybe, maybe, uh, if there's a dead Wolf out there, maybe you could slice off its face using your meat slicer.

Yeah.

Deli slicer and like overlay that.

Have you guys ever used a deli slicer?

Because it doesn't seem like you understand.

I was listening to you talk about cutting pizza through it.

Nice to meet a fan.

Yeah.

And, uh, wouldn't it, wouldn't it lay flat on the deli slice?

Yeah.

Okay.

Right.

Then you would just get, uh, there's actually different settings.

So there's an overhead setting.

So that's how you do the overhead slice.

You'd put the pizza vertically.

Yeah.

Vertically.

And I'm saying that you, you, you, you press the Wolf, you flatten the Wolf's face.

It's a dead Wolf.

So who cares what happens to it?

Right.

Pretty morbid Scott.

Yeah.

Proceed.

I mean, no one cares what happens to like dead Wolf carcasses.

Do I?

It's someone who doesn't understand.

Wolves would think that way, but yeah, they actually honor their dead.

Oh, they do.

They actually honor their dead and they mate for life.

They mate for life.

Really?

Do you, I mean, is that how you feel about, uh, I mean, it's hard.

It's wise, I still, you know, have a hard time getting over my girlfriend.

What was her name?

Almost fiance.

What was her name?

Diane, I believe.

Diane.

Uh, yeah, that's her name.

Oh, sure.

Yeah.

It's a beautiful name.

Her name was Ann.

Yeah.

It was Ann.

Way to end on a downer.

We're not ending because we have one final feature and that's a little something called plugs.

This is the kind of music you're into.

Well, it just makes me want to kick ass.

Yeah, it gets you fired up.

Fired up to go photograph.

Yeah.

It makes me want to kick ass and photograph and, you know, take some video.

God.

Yeah.

That was time for plugs by dead friends.

Ooh boy.

Insensitive.

Considering the subject matter of today's tragedy in this room.

Yeah.

But, uh, Hey, you know, thanks to dead friends for that plugs theme submission.

And what are we plugging out here?

Adam, what do you got?

I'm plugging that book.

I'm plugging tragedy plus time.

It's out everywhere.

Out everywhere.

You hope it shoots up there at the top of the charts, baby charts, a fitting way to memorialize a loved one who was passed on by having a top selling book.

Right.

Something like that.

And Diane, what are, what are we plugging?

I am plugging the women's empowerment group and you can reach us at on Twitter at Atlanta, a L a N a underscore Johnston, John S T O N not hyphen underscore.

Yeah, I know we're going to lose a lot of people on that one and I don't blame you.

If you're a man, I want to do the shift and where is, I think it's on the left, but, uh, yeah, I don't want, Hey, listen, you're right.

A woman made it.

Of course.

That's why it's a disaster.

Of course.

And Jack furs, what do you, what do you have to plug?

Oh God, I guess you can catch a couple of my local stories.

Uh, I'm working for ABC right now.

Yeah.

We never asked what station.

I mean, I'm bouncing around from station to station.

Yeah.

It's kind of like good gig.

Yeah.

It's a good gig.

It sounds like you would have a hookup at Disney more than me.

I mean, I'm a local news.

Nah.

I mean, like I'm the low man on the totem pole.

I'm doing a thing about a woman in frigging ducks.

Why are you still doing that story?

It's they keep on followups.

People love this lady.

They don't have that many feel good stories right now.

And you got this lady feeding ducks.

Everybody smiles.

Everybody's happy.

What else I got?

Tracking her project.

Personally, I don't have a ton going on.

I'm too busy.

My boy, my boy, Ben Rogers.

You have a friend?

Yeah, I got.

Yeah.

He's one of my buddies.

Oh, I listen to his podcast.

Yeah.

What's up?

He's got a podcast called Hollywood Masterclass on Stitcher.

Oh, okay.

Is his voice gravelly like yours?

No, no, no.

Sounds very normal.

And does he have a dialect of any sort?

I mean, I guess it's kind of, um, you know, Western New York kind of a Buffalo accent.

Yeah.

Well, where are you from?

Me?

You're from the streets here of Los Angeles, right?

Down by crime alley.

I'm kind of Griffith Park.

I was raised by wolves in there.

There's like a, oh, right in the park.

Yeah, I guess.

Were they from the old zoo?

Yeah, they escaped the old zoo.

Yeah, they got me there.

Uh, what else?

He, oh, he's got a podcast called Action Boys.

Action Boys.

He's doing a lot of podcasts.

Yeah.

He's doing a lot of podcasts.

I don't know how he stays sane at all.

Well, good luck to him saying sane, I guess.

Yeah.

I mean, you're obviously sane and, uh, yeah, I'm on the level.

Uh huh.

Yeah.

A great catch.

Yeah.

So, and, and plug your, uh, do you have a, uh, you're not on the internet.

I'm not on the internet.

If anybody has a hookup with, um, AT&T or spectrum, Verizon, spectrum, Samsung, Samsung, very popular brand of phone Elon Musk.

If you're out there and have invented a phone, just Elon Musk.

If you have any gear, uh, hook me up.

If you got a special phone, I don't know.

It's any sort of like, like kind of hovercraft type thing, uh, or a better rope.

Anything.

Yeah.

I'm afraid.

Yeah.

A rope that you could tie to things.

If you've got a rope for a guy that's bad with knots.

Oh, I see.

That's probably all right.

Well, not for me personally.

In, uh, December, December 15th, Saturday.

Um, we have comedy bang, bang with special guests, Paul F.

Tompkins, Lauren Lapkus, and other special guests.

We also have dough boys, the Andy daily podcast pilot project off book, the improvised musical throwing shade and teacher's lounge.

The hit from stitcher premium, which is also available now that's December 15th.

Um, at the theater at the eight hotel here in Los Angeles, VIP packages are available to meet all of us.

And, uh, for seats right up front, uh, go head on over to my Twitter.

The link to buy tickets is at the top of the pin tweet.

Let's close up the old plug bag.

It's time to open it.

Open up.

Oh boy.

Uh, the, the, that song's rain is, uh, coming to an end.

You were scared by that.

I was scared.

You coward in a corner.

Well, you know, it just seemed like it kind of reminded me of, uh, uh, you know, it's that time that knife's fell on me.

Oh yeah.

Was it some music playing or something or they were all laughing and all the people throw like a Batman situation?

Yeah, I guess it is kind of like that.

Yeah.

I was gonna say you coward in a corner.

It's almost like a fight or flight response.

You have a flight.

It seems to me.

Uh, yeah, yeah, I guess so.

Sometimes.

Yeah.

Sometimes I run.

I'm fast as hell.

Oh, you are.

How fast can you run?

Uh, I'm faster.

How fast?

Faster than justice.

I'm slower than payback.

Oh really?

And how many, uh, how many minute mile do you do?

Would you say?

Goo.

I don't know.

Let's see.

What is that?

1600 meters.

Uh, oh, I'm sorry.

Are you, you're in the north?

Griffith park.

They use the metric system.

Meaters in the park.

I grew up in the park.

Yeah.

I think I'm, you know, if you're doing a Kate Bush, you're running up that hill.

Like how fast are you doing it?

If I'm doing a Kate Bush up the hill?

Uh, Hmm.

1600 meters.

Yeah.

1600 meters.

Uh, Ooh, probably like 4.5 minutes.

4.5 minutes.

Are you doing it on a fast, upright on two legs?

I'm doing four.

I'm doing down.

I'm doing hands and feet.

Oh, okay.

That can help out.

That gives me a bit of an advantage.

Bit of an advantage.

Uh, bipedal.

What am I doing?

I don't know.

Probably qualify for the NFL.

How old are you?

Yeah.

Would you like to play for the NFL?

We do have an in there.

Yeah.

How old are you?

I think I'm too young.

I'm 36.

Oh yeah.

38 is where they start.

Sorry about that.

They start at 38.

All right.

That's going to do it for us.

I want to thank our guests, Adam.

Good luck to you.

Always nice seeing you and come back and do a third in this calendar year.

If you ever have the time.

I'm so on it.

And Diane, great to meet you.

Good luck to you.

I hope that you, uh, you know, you, you find a baby that you can godmother.

Oh, thank you so much.

I really wish that for you.

And Jack, uh, for you, uh, what are you going to do when you leave the studio here?

Me, you know, back to the grind.

I got to, uh, uh, you know, set up some cameras, uh, hit the, um, you know, hit my wooden, uh, dojo guy.

What does that mean?

Hit your wooden dojo guy.

Yeah.

It's just a training partner.

Who's wooden?

Yeah.

He's what it's like.

Oh, I know the one where you trade low.

Okay.

So it's not an actual person.

Yeah.

It's not an actual person.

Yeah.

There is a guy.

I mean, I got a guy's like frigging emotionless and some, uh, he's my training partner.

Uh, but yeah, it's a different thing.

Yeah.

Does it, is he set up to where he looks like he's holding anything, uh, or doing anything?

Uh, he's got like a, a rock and, uh, window next to him.

Yeah.

Does it look like he's throwing it?

You know what?

I guess he does have a window next to him now that you say it.

I mean, I'm over all that stuff.

Oh yeah.

Of course you are.

No, we know that.

Yeah. Adam, you can learn a thing or two from, uh, from him over here.

Yeah, about forgiveness and just moving on.

Yeah.

Uh, all right.

Thanks everyone.

Uh, have a great one.

We'll see you next time.

Thanks.

Bye.
