♪ Comedy Bang Bang ♪ Wet holes are greater than dry holes.

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

Yeah.

Sorry about that.

Uh, Chef's Toilet.

Thanks for that catchphrase submission.

Ooh boy, Chef's Toilet.

Uh, first time last time for Chef's Toilet.

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang for another edition.

And, uh, what an incredible episode we have.

Uh, coming up a little later, we have a homemaker and that's very exciting.

I always like to talk to people about their various, uh, the duties they, they have, uh, I don't know if they're actually duties or whether she chooses to do so.

But, uh, we'll be talking to Prudence Fart a little bit later, uh, as well as, uh, we have two hoteliers coming up.

I don't know which hotel they, uh, are, in which they are in charge of, but, uh, we will certainly find out about that a little later.

Uh, but coming up first, this is a, uh, the first time he has ever been on the show and, uh, as one talk show host to another talk show host, we're really going to, uh, meet in the middle here, I guess if that's, is that what happens when talk show hosts meet, they meet in the middle?

I don't speak till I'm introduced.

Oh, okay.

He is the former host of, uh, is that the case with all of your guests on your show?

They don't speak until they're introduced?

I don't speak till you complete a thought.

Until I complete a thought.

All right.

He is the former host of Late Night with Conan O'Brien.

There you go.

Now they know who it is, you know, uh, because my voice is very similar in pitch to Alan Alda, so, uh, I did not want to begin speaking because we may think that it is actually the former star of MASH.

Although he's not the former host of MASH.

Would you consider the number one on the call sheet to be the host of any show, regardless of be it a narrative or a, be it a talk show?

Yes.

The host is number one.

Host is always number one.

The only reason to have a show is to host it, I believe.

So when, when Alan Alda...

I don't mean to offend anyone who's here in a secondary role.

Certainly.

Uh, but number one to number one, you and I have both been number one on call sheets in our lives.

Yes.

I feel sorry for those who have not.

Yeah, I do too.

You know what I mean?

It's a special experience.

Yeah.

It's amazing to be the number one.

It's really, I've always wanted to have a TV show because I get to be in charge.

Uh, that's the part I always loved about it.

You are in charge of your show as well.

Like you give orders, don't you?

Yes.

I bark orders.

Yes.

Uh, I have a, it's a military chain of command on my show.

Uh, do you have like a special football, like, uh, the president has where it will, there's nuclear codes of any sort?

Yes.

There's a, if things get really dire, uh, we can initiate the nuclear option.

And we book Al Roker, but that's something that you hope never happens.

How many times, and I'll introduce you in a second.

How many times has Al Roker been on the show?

Uh, on the old show, he was on something like 800 times.

800 times.

That's amazing.

Yeah.

And that was in one year, which was very hard to do.

Very difficult.

Yeah.

How many shows would you do in a year?

I'm trying to tell eight up.

If you had 50 weeks in a year, you do five shows.

That's 250 shows.

Let me make this very simple for you.

We just passed the 4,000 show Mark.

Wow.

Not long ago.

So I've done over 4,000 shows, uh, 40 of which I'm told are quite good.

And are all of those, and I'll introduce you in just one little bit.

It's Colonel Brian.

Oh, it's Colonel Brian is here.

Hello.

Welcome.

Welcome to the show.

First time, uh, we established, uh, about a month ago, by the way, when you tape your first time, it's a first time, last time as well, you have to tape your last episode as well.

Yeah, this was a mistake.

So, so I'm not saying they have to be repeated.

I'm not saying they have to be the same episode.

Just after this one, you have to tape your last episode.

Oh, there's another one after this, which is my farewell.

Yes.

And then we can do ones in between.

Well, I'm pretty sure we can sort of shove the farewell into this one.

Okay.

Great.

Um, 4,000 shows and are they all now up online somewhere?

I read they're going up.

Uh, you know, this is the interesting thing about podcasts.

If I gave a date, the person listening might say, well, that's in the past or is that still in the future because podcasts, they're, uh, they're like canned goods.

They're out there.

Someone might be cracking this open 10 years from now and heating it up over a Bunsen burner and enjoying it.

Uh, so I hope that's how people will be enjoying podcasts in the future.

Podcasts will be canned.

Uh, there'll be, uh, and there'll be, uh, they'll sit in rendered fat until someone opens them and cooks them.

Uh, this, yes, in January of 2019, which is either very soon or in the past, um, or very far away or very far away or never happened because things ended before then, uh, you can watch, uh, the collected works of, uh, my various shows, all the comedy in high definition, uh, on your computer screen.

All you have to do is go to a website.

So you have to guess the combination of words and letters that would lead you to the website.

I would give you right now all of that stuff, but I don't know it.

Probably something to the effect of Conan is funny.

It's going to be like Conan 25.

It's all for the 25th anniversary.

No, not that I am 25.

I know that that's, uh, easily misunderstood.

Uh, why is there laughter laughter at the rotting Irish head like a pumpkin in late spring?

It was put out in October and neglected.

Uh, I, um, it's not going to be all the stuff, you know, people are always saying, Hey man, how come I can't see masturbating bear?

I can't see this.

These people sound stupid when you imitate them.

Well, they're all, it's all the same person.

It's Tommy Chong.

Oh really?

I'm constantly being approached by Tommy Chong.

Who's a big fan.

He's like, Hey man, Hey man, when can I see masturbating bear?

And I'm saying, look, first of all, where's Cheech?

And then we get into the whole thing.

Secondly, where's Dave?

Is Dave has not been there for so long.

Yeah.

I never was too familiar with their work, but, uh, that's a reference.

Yeah, no, I know.

I know it's a reference.

Um, now, uh, when you say all the comedy will be up there, is every part of every show up there?

The bands, the interviews?

Yes, I know.

It does gets interesting.

Uh, it's very difficult to put the bands up because of music clearance on the web.

And this is gets boring, but as any good interviewer, you led us into a legal area.

Well, legal cul-de-sac good work, Scott.

Uh, yeah.

Uh, music is tricky because music has to be cleared for all perpetuity.

Now is Radiohead going to let me have a creep for all perpetuity?

I don't think so.

Uh, there's going to be some stuff that's not there, but all of our comedy is going to be there.

And a lot of the great interviews and you get to watch me age, which is really fun.

You can put it on fast forward, hyper fast forward, and just watch flesh fall off my skull.

Has anyone ever done this?

And I I'd be fascinated to see this.

Has anyone taken a still of your face from all 4,000 shows and just done it in real time?

Just watched you age over five minutes.

Yes, there is a guy, this is interesting.

He was working, uh, on a, uh, it's true story.

This is a guy that was working very hard on a cure for most cancers and he was getting very close to cracking it when he got sidelined and said, wouldn't it be cool to see Conan's face?

And so he started working on that.

He's just about finished with that.

And he says he forgets how to cure cancer.

He forgot.

Oh, that's too bad.

So I think actually, uh, this is gonna be exciting.

I'm glad this was, this was time well spent.

I actually looked at my show and I believe there's a huge dip between the first and second season for me of I just aged like 10 years.

In between season one and two.

And then I stay the same pretty much.

I'm very careful.

I don't go outside.

I've never been outside.

You've never been.

Yeah.

There's a system of tunnels by which you travel.

Yeah.

Throughout the city, underground tunnels.

The people that designed the malls in Canada where you can travel underground.

I had them come to work in my neighborhood.

They did the same thing for me.

I can go anywhere without going outside.

Incredible.

I wear those gloves that you see older Japanese women wearing when they garden.

Sure.

I wear those.

And I wrap- And it's not cultural appropriation when you do it.

No.

I've never been accused of that.

No, of course not.

I don't know why you bring that up.

Why would I say something like that?

No.

So you, I'm just making a making list.

You led us down a legal path about music clearance and then you brought up cultural appropriation.

How do you feel about the Me Too movement, Conan?

I'm having a really good time at the show.

I respect all genders.

So, uh, now tell, you, you talk about the show and we'll talk about your podcast, which is coming out today, by the way, uh, in just a second.

But, uh, as far as the television show goes, you, uh, have recently changed the format of it.

We're in the process of doing that.

What we decided to do is, uh, show was an hour for many, many years, a whole hour.

60 minutes.

And then, um, I asked my wife one night said, uh, 30 minutes of Conan is plenty.

And so we thought, Hey, that's probably true.

You know, seriousness, I was very interested in so many late night shows now are half an hour.

And I remember thinking, why am I still saying that was a lot of fun.

Okay.

Stick around.

Cause our second guest, Eric Estrada's attorney is here, you know, and then, uh, hold it on after that.

There's still more and there's still more.

And I thought maybe this would be a good way to, uh, freshen things up and make us change our game a little bit after all these years.

So when people watch the previous 4,000 shows, will they be able to see you noticeably get bored?

Yeah.

Well, no power mark.

I loved these.

Uh, Oh, you love the second guest up until about eight months ago.

What happened?

You know, uh, it just, something snapped in my brain and I started to say, stick around, we'll be right back.

And I see, you can see it happen on the air.

I snapped and I think it was Dr.

Phil was coming up.

I think I said stick around.

Cause Dr. Phil and I didn't even get his whole name out and you can hear a tendon snap in my brain.

And I said, why, why are we doing this?

Why are we giving more of something that people have had enough of?

And the audience started to cheer and say 30 minutes, 30 minutes.

Wow.

All in unison.

Yeah.

All in unison.

Like they practiced it.

There was one guy that wasn't in unison.

He was taken outside and beaten all in 30 minutes, 30 minutes.

He was off time.

Yeah.

And then they started to chant new format, new format, new format.

And I, this was incredible.

Uh, and they said, eliminate second guest, stick with standup comics.

Don't always have music unless it's music you really like change the set naked a little more intimate.

And the synchronicity with which they said this stuff was absolutely stunning.

Incredible.

Yeah.

What do you account for that?

I mean, well, uh, it later turned out that I was having what's called, uh, an audio illusion that none of it was real.

Oh, okay.

It was all in my head.

And yet it, it led you to this place.

Yes.

A lot of changing the show.

Often I have little breakdowns and they lead to amazing things.

Like what's a previous example of that?

I keep all of my money, all of my money in Mason jars in the basement.

None of it's in the bank.

And is it fermenting down there or is it just purely- I put it in brine, which I was told, uh, was a good idea by an old witch.

Really?

Yeah.

So do you eventually hope to get the show, just keep having the show until it can't go down to nothing because obviously- Exactly.

Thank you.

Yeah.

You just pointed out something that's been a comedy principle of mine, uh, for a long time, which is you can keep cutting the show in half, but you'll never get to nothing.

Right.

And, uh- So it'll never be canceled.

It can't be.

Because it just will continue to be- Every time they say, I think it's time to cancel it, I'll say, or cut it in half.

And they go, good job, O'Brien.

We cut it in half.

And as you know, you have and have and have.

And eventually- 15 minutes, seven and a half, three and three quarters.

It's gonna be a microsecond, but by the time we get there, that will be the attention span- Right.

Of the adult male and female in America.

Male and female.

Yeah.

Mm-hmm.

Well, congratulations.

I mean, this is a dream come true for you.

I would imagine to have a half hour show, uh, and, uh, when does this start, in 2019 or is it- Yeah, it starts at the very beginning of 2019 in January.

The very beginning.

Well, not the very beginning.

I didn't want to do it.

I was wrestling with what are people gonna be more interested on the first of January, um, Conan's new format change or the changing over into the new year?

Probably, yeah, the finishing their countdown.

Yes.

The fireworks.

That's the way I went.

Probably diverting their attention.

Right.

I took a very unusual step and saw outside myself, which I had never done before.

I actually saw myself for the first time.

Really?

Yeah.

So you have not only not gone outside, but you've never looked into a mirror.

You may be a vampire.

No, no, I- Is this a bit, by the way?

You might be, if you do this, you might be a vampire?

I don't do bits.

I'm just not, I don't, I find comedy to be a huge waste of time.

Uh, I don't- How do you describe what you do then?

Because I've always considered it to be comedy.

Do you think what I'm doing is comedy?

I mean, not right now, certainly, but, uh, you know, on your show.

No, I've always been going for news and information.

Right.

I really have been trying to do- Factual.

Yeah.

And eventually I thought it would, sometimes it's a little infotainment-y.

Mm-hmm.

But, um, I don't, yeah, I think, I don't know.

I don't, I don't really know.

I don't know what it is I do.

I'm like Picasso in that I have very volatile relationships with women, uh, and I lived much longer than people think.

And I did sculpture that no one seems to care about.

So do you- And in those ways, I'm a lot like Picasso.

You're a lot like, but not the art, certainly.

Oh, God, no, I'm a terrible artist.

No, no, no, no.

In any, in every way.

So what level of guest do you hope to never have to talk to again in your life?

Are we talking about the Wendy O. Williams level?

Like where, where exactly is the cutoff now?

If I could get Wendy O. Williams.

I've been on the trail of Wendy O. Williams.

We've been trying to get her on the show.

Is that, is that the name of it? Wendy, Wendy Williams.

It's Wendy Williams.

Wendy O. Williams is the Plasmatic singer.

Well, Wendy Williams is not only that, but when you say Wendy O. Williams, it sounds like a presidential assassin.

Because they're the ones that they always list.

Wendy O. Williams.

It always has to be a middle initial or a middle name.

I would love it if Wendy Williams were to try to- Wendy Williams is a very good guest.

I've had her on.

Yes, I'm sure she is. I'm just wondering.

I just, every once in a while I'll watch a talk show like you say and the second half of it is like, Yeah.

Why would anyone be interested in talking to that? And I don't know why she came into my mind.

My whole thing is to just keep Willem Dafoe off the show.

Good.

I mean that guy has got to go.

Yeah.

And I know there's some people out there right now that say, why are you picking on Willem Dafoe?

Sure, we love him in Spider-mans one through three.

Yeah. I think he's just in one.

Well, I believe he does flashbacks in two and three.

I didn't watch those, but you did.

I'm gonna write that down right after.

He appears in James Franco's mind a lot like the audience did in yours.

I actually picked his name at random. I have a good random machine in my brain.

I have a lot of respect for Willem Dafoe and he's a lovely guy.

Let's pull the trigger- But I picked him at random.

Let's pull the trigger on the random meter here. Just name another celebrity.

Well, you'd have to go with Benjamin Harrison.

Of course.

Wait, who's Benjamin Harrison?

The president.

Oh, the president. Oh, okay. The former president or the current president?

No, he's the former president.

I don't keep up with- Oh, he's the former one.

I don't keep up with the news.

Or is it William Henry Harrison?

I mean, there's been a lot of Harrisons.

George Harrison was president briefly in the 60s.

Very briefly.

In a lot of people's minds.

Yeah.

Big Beatles fan, do you like the Beatles?

What happened there?

I don't know.

Did you just have a small stroke?

Yeah, a little tiny one.

So you've done no preparation.

Oh, absolutely.

You're not even sure who I am.

I think that you are a- You think I'm Bill Burr wearing a wig, don't you?

That's what you think.

You think you have more hair than Bill Burr?

I know I have more hair than Bill Burr.

So let's talk about the podcast- I have more hair than Lucille Ball.

Currently.

Yes.

Oh God, why did you do it?

What about- Why don't you remind us that she's gone?

People need reminding about these facts, because otherwise they don't know.

She lives on in our hearts, doesn't she?

She certainly does.

As long as they're on that tube, that flickering screen, they're still alive.

I will live long after my death in 11 years.

I will still be around because somewhere they'll be showing my show accidentally.

Is that why everything's going up on the web?

You know, because- I'm preparing.

Right.

At the end of days.

It must be difficult, and this is leading you down another legal avenue here, but- How difficult is it to get the rights from the NBC shows?

You're not an NBC- No, no, that was- It took us a while, but we- I get along very well with all the people that are there now, and it's a joint venture with them.

And so let's say putting it up on the web makes us $8.

Right.

They'll get $7 of it.

$7? Okay. That's not a great split for you.

I'm not interested in the money. I never was.

You just want people to see it.

I've never been paid for my show.

Really?

Yeah, I've been- I've pretty much been an intern.

So you're the opposite of Jay Leno, who doesn't spend his money, but he gets paid.

Right. If I could get money, I would spend it like crazy.

What would you spend it on?

Oh my god. It's amazing.

I can't- You're the type of celebrity that I can't imagine ever driving down the street.

I don't- It's funny when you say celebrity, I don't think of myself as a celebrity.

You don't? Really?

I think of someone that interacts with celebrities, but I myself don't feel that way about myself.

You do- I mean, obviously- I'm not in celebrity magazines.

True.

You can't- I defy you to find me. No paparazzi wants a picture of me.

My plan worked perfectly. I get to be in comedy, and I am completely uninteresting, and remain uninteresting, to anyone who takes photographs of celebrities.

And yet, you probably have all of the annoying aspects of celebrity of, can you go down the street without people wanting to take your picture?

I get a lot of selfie requests.

Right.

Yeah.

How many do you grant?

I grant every single selfie request.

100%.

That's not a joke. That's not a joke.

Really? And why is that? Do you see yourself- It takes a second. I do it, and I know that- Yourself as a young comedy fan?

I remembered when I was a young comedy fanatic, and occasionally would meet a hero.

And I was not the kind of person to approach them, but if I did get the chance to- I did get the chance to spend a day with John Candy, who I had just idolized.

It was recently the anniversary of his death, I believe. Or his birthday. Recently his birth- one of the two. Coming or going.

Why you cut in there, I don't know. But that was your choice. And you made it, and now we're talking about his death. Interesting style.

Usyl Ball, him.

Yeah. But I got to spend a day with him. I'm going to keep going. I got to spend a day with him back in 1984, and I remembered very clearly that he was everything I wanted him to be.

He was just full of life. He was Falstaff. He was really hilarious. He was really funny. And I thought, if I ever get the opportunity- I really did think this at the time- if I ever get the opportunity to do what I would most like to do, and I'm known for it.

I want to be- when people are a fan, and they meet me, I want to show them that it's a real thing. You know, I don't want it to be artifice, and no, no, no, that's how I act on TV, but I'm not really that person. So that's sort of almost a quasi-religious thing with me.

So you don't believe you act differently on camera and in real life. Are you the same guy?

No, I wouldn't say I'm 100% the same guy. There's more presentational stuff that you do when you're- that's actually what's been fun about either being on this podcast or being on my own podcast is you really get to be 100% completely yourself.

Right.

Because you've taken away this whole element, which is keep the crowd happy, keep it moving along. Six minutes, I got to try and get out of this nicely and then get back into it.

So I find that to be- it's really liberating. But I would say the biggest difference is- and my assistant, Sona, who's in the podcast, actually, that I do is here somewhere.

Oh, really?

She would- my writers would also say I can- I love being kind of- it's sort of a character I do that's incredibly over the top, pompous, ridiculous, insulting TV show host, and I'm sort of doing that guy backstage all the time.

And I'll go so overboard that they'll be laughing really hard and crying while I'm tearing them all a new one, but not really, but sort of.

Right.

Does that make sense?

It does, yeah. I mean, I believe when your movie, I forget what it was called, the Conan O'Brien.

Yeah, Conan O'Brien, Can't Stop.

Yes, exactly. Yeah, you're playing that character a lot backstage. Some people who watch it say, like, is Conan like that all the time? Is he mean to people?

Well, you know what's really funny is that Jack McBrayer in that documentary came backstage, and I've always done a bit with Jack McBrayer. We've never had a real interaction.

Everyone does these bits with Jack McBrayer.

Yes.

Yeah, exactly.

And I was the imperious, cruel city slicker to his country rouge. So I was doing it at late night. He'd come by and visit and I'd, in rehearsal, and I'd sniff the yarn and go, Well, well, well, I smell manure. Oh, and he plays into it.

He gets really sad looking and I go, Jack, did you come up on the elevator? Did it scare you, Jack?

And he goes, It did not scare me, Mr. O'Brien. I've ridden on elevators many times. I come from a very urban part of, you know, I've been living in New York City for, Well, Jack, Jack, don't get offended. Now, where's your mule, Jack? And it's this total, he's playing his part.

It's a total bit that any time you see him.

He's playing his part, I play mine, but the cameramen eventually came up to me and they were like, You're pretty rough on Jack. I'm like, no.

It's impossible to be rough on Jack.

What's really funny is that, so in the documentary, Conan O'Brien Can't Stop, there's a scene where he and John Hamm come backstage to say hi to me.

And I've got to get, I always have a guitar on backstage.

That's how I sort of calm down. I have a guitar strapped on.

And Jack's talking to me and I start to play deliver, I was doing that like, Well, well, Jack.

And John Hamm's laughing because he's really good friends with Jack and Jack's doing that really hurt look.

And then I start to play the deliverance theme.

And Jack goes, don't you do it.

And Jack starts to clog against his will.

And he starts clogging against his will. Here's my favorite thing. I think it was the New York Times that could be wrong, but the New York Times comes out and they're like, There's a particularly cruel moment where Conan O'Brien forces Jack McBrayer.

And I was like, I called Jack up. I was laughing so hard because I was talking about this with Will Ferrell not long ago.

When someone gets it wrong in a review, it can be, it's so fun in a way.

You know what I mean? And so this person thought that by playing and I thought that's really insulting to Jack.

Literally you had magical powers to make him dance that way.

Or that he's so thick that when he hears that tune, he can't help but start.

I thought this is insulting to everybody.

Particularly all involved.

Yeah, all involved. But there you go.

Can you tell us one example of a story about John Candy where he, in the day, how many hours are we talking?

I got to spend, I was in college at the time and I was running the humor magazine and I invited him to come visit our humor magazine because I just adored him in Boston.

And he said yes, which I couldn't believe. I picked him up at the airport. He flew in.

I remembered him to this day. I remembered him coming down an escalator, holding a paperback that he'd been reading on the plane.

The minute I met him, I thought, oh, don't bring, don't be the nerd who brings up all your favorite SCTV skits.

But he's so friendly. I started, I just brought up, you know, the Yellow Belly was a skit where it came with a song.

It was a parody of a TV show about a cowardly, it was like, he's yellow belly.

And he's a cowardly cavalry officer who gets discharged for cowardice. And it just shows him walking down the street and a woman and a little girl walk by him.

And the girl says, I think that's yellow belly. And he turns around and shoots them both in the back.

It was the hardest I've laughed as a kid. You never saw anything that mean, that edgy.

And there was a song. He's a coward. Yet I brought it up to John Candy and he was delightful and he reenacted it.

What?

And then I had been told by his people, you've got to make sure that John Candy stays on his diet.

He's on a Pritikin diet. He's on a Pritikin diet. And they sent me back then, I think they had to send it through the mail.

This is back in the 1940s. But they sent it through pneumatic tube.

Mail carrier on horseback.

Yes, exactly. I got this thing and it was like, he can have four ounces of boiled chicken, no skin. He can have this, he can have that.

Why are you in charge of this?

Because I was hosting him.

You're driving him.

No, no, no. But I was hosting him for the day. So they wanted to make sure that I got him all the right food that he needed because he was on this really serious diet.

So he shows up and the first thing he did is he said, hey, let's walk around. Let's get the feel of the city.

And he was this larger than life, really fun guy. Come on.

He kept calling me kid. Hey, kid, come on. And I was like, oh, all right.

You know, I'm the height I am now, six four. But I was about one hundred and fifty five pounds and just this big floppy thing of hair and super, just super skinny.

I'm like, OK, Mr. Candy. And I'm walking along with him.

And the first thing he does is he goes into a pastry shop and he starts pointing to a Claire's in the cabinet.

And he was like, well, I'll take that one. I'll take that one. I'll take that one. Give me two of those. Give me two of those.

And they start putting all these declares. And I'm getting really nervous and I'm really freaking out.

And he looked at me and he winked and he went, don't worry, kid. They're pretty kind of class.

And I was like, I'm in a show with him. I'm in a show with him. He lived his life like it was a show.

Yes. Everyone else was the cast. Yes, exactly. And I thought, that's beautiful. What a beautiful his life was.

I mean, he was that's a really special moment for me. And then recently, not too long ago, I ran into a woman who said, I'm John Candy's.

I'm his daughter. And I remember that you hung out with my dad for a day or that, you know, I've heard you talk about it.

And then she we exchanged information and then she sent me a photo that her dad took of me. What? On campus.

Yeah. And it's amazing. Yeah, it's really something that he kept in his his photo book or some or he never threw out any photo.

I doubt it was that important to him. I was I was just random kid at the time. Incredible.

And do you know, did he he wasn't so with us in ninety three or was he by the time you got your show?

You know, he was I desperately would have wanted to be a guest, but he passed away just a few months into our show.

Yeah. Yeah. Well, on that note, you're incredible.

You're incredible. I just have to say sorry. We'll be back to discuss both Kennedy assassinations.

Hey, but there is one other story about you driving someone around. Was it? That was Bill Cosby. Seriously.

Well, that's not a joke. OK. I don't know that story.

Clearly, I was not leading you towards that.

Yeah. That's a whole story. I told that on Howard Stern. Oh, but and people love that story.

But I did drive Bill Cosby. I picked him up in the airport.

He was I told him that I was sending a limousine.

I picked him up in my dad's station wagon. He was not happy.

Really? Yeah. Did you hear about it the entire time?

No, I could tell that I'd done something wrong. But being a complete idiot. Why lie and say you were you had a limousine?

Why not just say I think I think it was his understanding that he was getting a limousine.

And I didn't think being what was at the time, 19. I think I was 19.

I thought, well, we don't need that. I can get my dad's car.

It's a Ford LTD. Those are pretty nice.

But my dad had bought it from a motel chain and it had the motel chain painting on the side.

Okay. Spruce Point Inn in Maine. That's a real inn. You can look it up. Okay. And I picked him up in that car and it was dirty on the inside.

And he found a Big Mac container in the back seat. And that's a true story. And I as far as I'm concerned, he deserved that kind of dream.

Well, you know what? It's so funny. Until about a year ago, I tell that story and people would think you're a jerk.

And now I tell it and people like good for you. You were on the right side of history. Yeah.

I guess I was thinking about, was it Burt Ward or was it Adam West? Who did you? Burt Ward. Burt Ward. Right.

Yes. What is it? Can you tell that story or? That's a really long one. I don't know how much time you have.

And I know that there are characters in the wings. I don't know what you're talking about when you say that, but.

Okay. We can edit that out. I want to just I want to yes and as much as anybody.

Yes. And I did have a day with Burt Ward. Burt Ward had come to our college to pompously display the Robin costume and give a long lecture about playing Robin in the original Batman series in the 60s.

My friends and I decided that this was a monstrosity. And that why would why were you so why did you take such umbrage with because there were posters all over campus.

You were a big fan of the show. I was. But there were posters on campus. First of all, I was an Adam West fan.

I see. Not Robin. I mean, Robin, in my opinion, you could have had a glass of iced tea play Robin and I'd have been if Adam West was there, I'd have been fine.

But these posters were very, very pompous. They said, come here. Burt Ward discuss his experience as Robin in the iconic TV series View in person.

The Robin costume all underlined. And then it said, valued by Lloyd's of London at over two hundred and fifty thousand dollars.

And I was like, bullshit, we're stealing that costume. We're stealing it.

So my friends and I decided to steal it in a very Batman ask way. He was giving his lecture in the Science Center, which is this modern science center.

And it has a very steep rake auditorium. Sure enough, it was filled with students.

I wouldn't say filled, but it was pretty packed with students. He had the Robin costume on a mannequin and he was talking and showing clips from the show and talking.

And then at the appropriate time, I got a friend of mine named Paul Segawa to stand up dressed as the penguin and go, wah, wah, wah, wah.

When is a Robin costume not a Robin costume? Now, OK, let me explain.

I would normally be the Riddler. I would normally be the Riddler, but we could only get a joker.

I mean, a penguin costume, which is a tuxedo. And also the went round seemed funny.

So and we had tuxedo. So we got him a cheap tuxedo. We got him a cheap tuxedo and we got him an umbrella.

And yes, did he do technically I love this is a room full of people all were like, no, that's the Riddler.

And you tell anyone else's story, they don't really care.

Anyway, we're locked in.

Yeah, you guys are you guys are locked and loaded. So when is a Robin costume not a costume?

And Burt Ward's just stymied and he goes, what?

And he answers. Yeah, he didn't answer. He just sort of said what?

And and the penguin said, Paul Segal said, when it's stolen.

And that was my cue to hit the light. Not my cue, but that was someone else's cue to hit the lights.

This is an important thing to know everybody out there. In a movie, if you turn off the lights, everything goes black.

Completely black. Maybe you see eyeballs. In real life, at four o'clock in the afternoon, when you hit the lights, things go from very visible to still pretty visible.

Things get slightly dimmer. So we did that. The lights get slightly dimmer.

I remember thinking, oh, that's not like it is in the movies.

And then I ran, grabbed the costume and took off through a back door.

No one tries to stop you. Well, this is the interesting thing.

And I've gotten to that. But you son of a.

Who gives chase but like these four guys that are in the Republican Club give chase to stop the man who's stolen the Robin costume?

He's valued at over two hundred. The guys that are in the bad, you know, the evil in the Skull and Bones type.

Yeah, they're in the evil fraternity in Animal House.

Those guys are chasing me. And I was thinking as I'm running with the costume, why is another student?

I can see Burt Ward chasing me if his hip wasn't out. But why are these guys chasing me?

But I run as fast as I can and I get into a waiting car with the engine running driven by a gentleman by the name of Kent Carlock.

He's your getaway driver. He was the getaway driver. And I'll never forget he was playing T-Rex's Bang-a-Gong.

It was like, you know, bang, bang, bang, boom, boom, boom.

And he tore he peeled out.

We left those guys in the dust. We went back to our humor magazine in the basement and we started just calling Burt Ward.

And pretending to be different villains saying, you'll never get your costume.

You know, where is this? Is he by a phone at this point?

Yeah, Burt Ward.

We knew where Burt Ward was, which is he was. And he was he he knew who had taken it.

So he was calling us. We were mocking him over the phone.

He was saying it's worth two hundred fifty thousand dollars.

We were looking at it. It was made of it was old, dried rubber from the 1960s, the boots.

It was well worn, pretty soiled. Pretty soiled.

Let's just say Robin was up to no good from 66 to 68. And he didn't he never once washed his clothes.

But yeah, that's that story. Wow. And but you eventually gave it back or did you sell it off?

I don't know. We get we get it back because that would be a crime.

I like I liked having fun, but I never wanted to go to prison and I still don't want to go to prison.

I tried to trick you into admitting to a crime and you did not. So congratulations.

Speaking of crimes, this is not one. You have a new podcast, Conan O'Brien.

Your transitions are terrible. They're really bad. That was what? How would you have done it?

Speaking of crimes, it's a crime that not everyone knows about your podcast.

So much better. That's OK. Give me a different thing that I can do a segue.

Wait, I just gave you one. Why? No, no. I mean a different finish, a different story. OK, yeah.

And that's how you make onion tapenade. Well, onions make you cry, but this will make you laugh.

Conan O'Brien needs a friend. New podcast. How's that? That was pretty good. Pretty good.

OK. Yeah, that's a solid B plus. Thank you so much. That's all I really want to achieve is a B plus.

Tell us about the podcast. It comes out. It's actually out today. Yeah. Today, because as we all know, today is November.

If you're listening to this in the present. Yeah, if you're listening to the if, but or you're listening to it in a spaceship in the future.

In the history museums. Yeah, and we're just skeletons in a room. Yes, it's called my new podcast is called Conan O'Brien Needs a Friend.

It was this idea I had sort of quasi based on reality, which is for years and years and years, as we established, 25 years.

I've been talking to a lot of people on television and it's all very friendly and people are convinced.

People are always saying, oh, so you're really good friends with person you interviewed. And I thought, no, I'm not.

What percentage of people do you actually follow up with and hang out with? Well, that's what that's the point of this podcast is almost none.

I mean, I'm friendly with them, but there's not a real like that's my good friend.

So I thought I want to have my favorite funny people on the show and see if a friendship can be established.

And we actually get into it sometimes with why you've been on 15 times.

Do you think they'll be really honest? They'll be you know what? You seem a little you seem a little tightly wound.

You're a little much for me. You're a little much. Or I've caught some people who a certain celebrity who I had a text who said, let's get together.

We established a date. They blew me off day of. Whoa. They said there's no way I blew you off day of. I showed the receipts.

I showed the actual text. I won that one. And they also lost because now they really don't want to be my friend.

And it's it's actually a lot of fun. It's been it's been I took it on.

I didn't know if it was going to be something I enjoyed.

And I absolutely love doing it.

And the people that will Ferrell's on the first one. And it's really lovely and fun.

Bill Burr has has done it. Megan Mullally, Nick Offerman.

There's just Wanda Sykes. I've people that have been coming on my show for for a while.

And it's been Kristen Bell and Dax Shepard. It's just been lovely. I've actually loved it.

Have you been able to close the deal on any of them? You know, that's what's interesting.

You kind of have to listen to the podcast. OK. And that's my that's how I'm going to sell this.

OK. You just asked me what is Rosebud mean? And what does Rosebud mean? It's the it's the sled.

It's the sled. Yeah. But what does it mean? It's a symbol of the thing he could never really attain.

Sure. Which is that childish love, that love, that simple love. Yeah. But thematically.

Yeah. I know what it is. But like we're talking about Citizen Kane, by the way.

I know there's a lot of people out there listening who's spoiler alert, by the way. Sorry. Sorry about that.

No, no, no. I'm if you haven't seen Citizen Kane by by now.

And I don't care if you're two years old.

If you haven't seen Citizen Kane by now, you don't deserve to see it. And I'm talking to you two year olds out there.

They love comedy. Bang, bang. And they will love Conan O'Brien Needs a Friend. Hey, you know, that's a good segue.

I think I was a little hard on you earlier on. Thank you.

But I don't agree.

I think you were appropriately hard on me. You know what? I was just being pleasant. I think I wasn't hard enough.

OK, great. Please give me some more. Yeah. All right. We need to take a break.

When we come back, Conan will still be here. You can stick around. Right. I've always wanted to say that to you.

I'd love to stick around. OK, fantastic. We've established with my podcast.

I have no one to talk to. Well, we can talk to Prudence Fart and also our hotelier.

Is it? Wow. Cool. Yeah. She'll be here a little later.

Coming up right after this, we'll have a couple of hoteliers.

We'll be right back with more comedy. Bang, bang. After this comedy. Bang, bang. We're back here with Conan O'Brien.

I'm just and we had a lot of fun during the break. We did.

That was just the kind of chat that you get into on your show.

No, no, no. Do you sit silently? When we go to break on my show, a security guard steps between me and the guest.

Just puts a bounce between you. Yeah. Well, we have to bounce to our next guests.

They are two hoteliers. And I believe I'm pronouncing that correctly.

Does anyone say hoteliers or is it always hoteliers? Some people say that and they're wrong.

Yeah. Yeah. Well, let's welcome them to the show. They've never been on the show before.

So this is an exciting opportunity to talk to them. Please welcome Pat and Scat Hamptoncrat.

I really had to read that. That's a lot of letters in that last name. We have to write it sometimes.

How do you feel? How do you think we feel? Pat and Scat Hamptoncrat. That's right. This is Conan O'Brien.

Hello. Nice to see you, Pat and Scat. How do you do? Which one is Pat? Which one's Scat?

Well, I'm Scat because I. Well, I don't want to. Because you. Oh, scatological? No, my full name's Scat Trisha.

Oh, Scat Trisha. OK. Yeah. Why would you go down the scatological route with Trisha?

She said it like, well, you know what I mean. My full name is Pat man. Like Pac Man?

No, like Pat man Crothers. Oh, yeah. Why are you getting this wrong?

That's where I went to. I thought he meant like Pat man Crothers.

What? I'm sorry. I've never seen The Shining, so I don't know who that is.

OK. Welcome to the show, guys. Thank you for having us.

Thanks so much. Pleasure to be here.

You're a hotelie is what you are you in charge of? Well, we have exactly a hotel.

Yes. It's a property. It's a property that we own that people can stay in.

I love a good property when I go on vacation. Conan, do you ever go on vacation?

I mean, you must go somewhere. I do. What's your city of choice? I Nova Scotia.

Nova Scotia. I only go to Nova Scotia. There's a small shack there down by the water that I like to visit.

Very expensive. Really? Do they keep it open for you year round? Is that.

They need to be ready to go at any moment. Any moment. What's in that shack? Is it just. I'd rather not say.

A table, a chair and one. Let's just say looks can be deceiving.

It looks like a very simple shack on the outside.

Inside, it's quite opulent. It's like the TARDIS. Yeah. And it goes down many levels.

It's a way for me. Well, let's be honest. A world renowned celebrity to get away.

Now, earlier in the show, you were saying you didn't consider yourself to be a celebrity.

And suddenly you're world renowned. Just for saps. Thanks for having us.

Welcome to the show, guys. You know what I would say? I would never as a host. Pat and scat. I would never, ever, ever.

This is not a competition. Oh, I think it has become. I'm sorry. I'm turning your cone in. Yeah. Thank you very much scat.

Or I'm sorry. Skatricia. Not for scatological. Skat. Skatological for sure.

OK. Well now, I would never have. He swiveled his chair away from you.

My chair has been right here the entire show. I heard a squeaking swivel. He swiveled it away.

Looked at me. I look at both of you and I say, you said it's not a real hotel. What kind of building is it?

Thank you. Do you want to take over for me? I would love to just be add color commentary every once in a while.

If you want to do play by play. I'll happily. OK. Very good.

Oh, good. Well, yeah.

We have a home in Sandusky, Ohio. That's right. And the home of Jerry Sandusky.

Wait, they've named the city after him? To be fair, they named it long before.

It was named before and there haven't had. He was named after the town. Yeah.

Yeah. They talked about changing the name since then. Yeah.

But it's a whole. That's a bureaucratic mess.

It's too hard. Too many IDs. And a lot of pranksters are saying, let's call it Paternal Ohio. Yeah.

Like that's a lateral move at best. What's that when you're going to update all of your accounts online?

That's right. That's right. Everyone would have to fill out a change of address for him. Everyone.

And what? So there's no point. So we absolutely love it there, of course. We love it there, of course.

So you have this house. Is it the house that you're that you consider that the hotel or is it another structure?

It's a structure that we use. It's a home. It is a home.

And during the week, so we don't have any customers or patrons, as we so love to call it.

That's right. We stay there. We live there. And this is our home. Yeah. Now, when is the day we live there?

And when we get a customer, our patron, as we sometimes like to call him, we then we we we move out.

What we do is we move out. I jump to the end. We pack our bags. We pack.

First, we make sure we don't need every step. First, we wake up. We wake up.

Eat breakfast. I'm always hungry. We both wake up hungry every day.

And now we're brother and sister, which, of course, we haven't gotten out yet. So we're very similar in our eating habits now, because when we were born in the room, everyone eats first thing in the morning.

Well, we had the same mom. That's right. We come out starving.

First thing we were born, we both wanted the tit. That's right. Luckily, there were two.

Did one of you get left one and one of you get right one or?

I got left in the dust.

You've been using that your whole life, haven't you? And I got right in there. Scott, you've been using that, right?

That's not the first time you've uncorked that one. It's not the first time I've done any of this. It's true.

We've said all of this before. You guys are reading this off a script. Yes, we are. Yes. And thank you for saying your lines. We're five people.

And we have a difficult time with strangers. Yeah. And we're both visual learners. Visual learners.

Flashcards and flashcards are great. Yeah. Do you provide a service when people stay with you as a hotel would?

Yes, we turn down, turn up. Mm hmm. So you turn, turn down service and turn down the TV, turn up the sheets.

That's right. So you turn the TV all the way down. Yeah.

When people say we need to turn down service. We'll do what you want.

We'll ask turn down for what? And then they have to be very specific. Is that how that song started?

Well, you don't know about that song about it. Oh, OK. It goes like this.

I was waiting to debut it at the show. You're going to be surprised.

You love some. This is a debut of a song. You know, the spit is flying in this room.

It really is. A lot of people don't know this. We're almost 10 years into the show and I've been spat upon. I need a salad guard or something.

We both just got braces. Well, yeah. So you have to understand, I actually what I got is this guard, but the base of my teeth that blocks my tongue from going forward.

What I have very difficult to talk. I just got some old fashioned metal braces like from a museum.

They have leather bands. So let's hear this song.

It goes like this. Turn down for what? I haven't figured out the rest.

Oh, that's the end. That's the beginning and the end. Yes.

All right. Well, I think you got a good start there, though.

Well, thank you. This is why you're very supportive. And this is why our family works so well together.

Why we decided to live together in the first place. Yes.

Well, you know, we moved out.

Have you ever lived apart or did you move back in with each other? I moved out at one point. Right.

You stayed home with mommy. Yes, I did. I stayed home with mommy. Is mommy still around?

No, mommy passed. Mommy's passed, Conan. Mommy passed, Conan.

That doesn't always necessarily mean that she's dead. Many people use that.

In an entertainment context. Yeah, passed can also mean career on the wane.

You know, I mean, a lot of people question, you know, what's who's passed?

Has Conan passed? Is his career, you know, but but is she dead?

Well, yes, she has passed. She has passed, but her career did die first.

Was she an entertainer? Absolutely. She was a magician. She was a stage magician.

She was a stage magician. Yeah. It's all types of trap doors in our house. Never took her to television.

No, no, no. The TV wasn't invented. Oh, this was before the 30s or so?

Yes. Yes, our ages. OK. We won't be offended.

I would imagine. We've heard it all. We've heard it all.

From one to a million.

I would imagine you must be around 80 or so. Yeah. What do you think?

I think you're getting warmer. Oh, when they walked in, I have to say, Scott, when they first walked in, I thought I almost stood and said thank you for your service in the Korean War to them both.

And I thought that might be presumptuous, presumptuous or like saying to a woman, oh, a baby's on the way.

And sure. Yeah. You'd be shocked. If you'd said thank you for your service to the Korean War, I would have thought my son walked in here.

Yeah, but if you said thank you for being pregnant, I'm 85, I'd think, nope, that's just my hard belly. Oh, so you're not pregnant?

I wasn't going to say that. No, Scott. No, it's my hard old lady belly.

She only had a rock hard belly. Rock hard distended belly.

Is it OK if I feel it?

I mean, I'm asking. I just want to make sure everyone knows that I'm. Feel it. Oh, my God.

That is. See. That is. Well, that was a very fake sound.

But yeah, that's exactly how it did. The way it sounded is just how it felt.

And it opens right up and I keep stuff inside. Oh, I got some sort of trap door in there. Crazy. Like a marsupials pouch.

Yep. You want to see what do I got this time? Oh, can I guess? Yeah. Alarm clock. Nope. Polly Pockets.

What is it? Polly Pockets. Polly Pockets. What is Polly? It's an old toy from the 90s where you'd open up a little shell and she'd be inside there.

So you're very old, but you referred to something from the 90s as being old. Yeah. I turn it over to you, lawyer.

We were it's one of those really old toys from the late 90s when I was 70.

Our mother forbade us to have toys until we were in our 50s.

Oh, see. OK.

Why do we have fun? Oh, well, we finally got to play with a little.

Somewhere around 1988, you finally got to play with toys.

Ball and Jack. Strawberry shortcake.

Cabbage Patch Kids. Yeah. Balibut. Flome. Fobo. Why are you here? Yeah, I was going to ask.

OK, so you did like that interview question. Well, I thought in a way it was refreshing because it's like he opened a window and just this gust of air came in.

Why are you here? You're too a hotelie. Speaking of opening a window.

We're here to tell you we're opening up our house for services. That's right. Which includes windows.

Stores, windows. That's a pretty good segue. And you will you will leave. Where do you go when you leave the house?

We exactly. Let's say I check in. And where do you guys go?

We.

We evacuate. You have we evacuate you. We have our OK.

So we do that first. I take a big dump. Not to be confused with my name. And we and then we leave.

We leave. You leave them with a dump. No, no. I flush the toilet.

The toilet. OK, but the the the toilet for each other.

But the general environment is is is such that a dump has recently been.

Sure, sure, sure. You can say that about any place. Yeah, you're probably right.

I guess so. So we evacuate. Of course, we have to stay on the premises, though, because in case anything goes wrong.

Where do you stay? You stay on the premises in a guest house or. Yes, exactly.

You have complete freedom in the house. You have privacy in your own entrance. That's right. You have your own and you have your own bed.

You have your own front door, your own back door. And if you don't look out the back door, you won't see us.

So you're right outside the back door. That's the sense of it. Right outside. No, it's connected to the door and it's actually a room.

Yes. In the house. So it's an adjoining room. Yes. So it's not detached. But there's a glass door in the kitchen.

You can see right in. That's right. It's separated. If it leads into I'm sorry.

But if it leads into another room, it's technically not the back door. There's a door that leads into I'm sorry.

But that's just no, no, no. I understand. Now you're the lawyer. People get confused about this a lot.

They get confused about who's a lawyer and who isn't. What it is is there's a very thin strip of backyard.

Very thin. Very thin. Perfect. How thin? Like a Brazilian wax? Like a Brazilian wax out of pussy.

Yeah, it's exactly the same. Hold on, hold on. I don't want to say that.

He said Brazilian wax, but didn't say pussy. You said pussy.

Yeah, it's a citizen eyebrow.

Scat, I'm sorry. But for a 92 year old woman, I find some of your language offensive.

Well, I've been on this earth long enough. I can do whatever I want. I feel like she's doing the right.

She is our elder. She's in some salty language. You want to say anything bad? I'm open for it.

Wow. You're sort of coming on to me. That's the vibe I'm getting, Scat.

Hey, take it as you will. My brother here likes to interpret everything I do as coming on. Not to him, of course.

Never to me. But he thinks I'm a big flirt. You are a big flirt. You know that you are.

I'm not. You've never been married? Well, no, I haven't. I've been married for 35 years.

And he's still with her. Isn't that beautiful? Yeah, well, I assumed when he said that, he didn't just get divorced.

Where does she live? She lives in her home. She lives in her home. Yes. And you two, you live with your sister.

Well, of course I do. Okay. But you've been married. Have you ever consummated the marriage?

Happily married. Have you consummated the marriage? You mean fuck? Okay, if you're going to- Say it plainly, Conan. I thought I was talking to Scat for a second.

Look, we're folks. We've been on this earth a long time. We've had a long time.

We know when you say consummate, you mean fuck. That's right. You don't have time to mince words.

No, no time. It's like a great comedian once said, you know, if you say the word consummate, that just makes me think the word fuck.

So why don't you just say the word fuck? Who was that? The Bells? Huh? Louis C.K.

That was Bob Newhart. Oh, I'm so sorry.

You big Louis C.K. fans? Love his early stuff. Not so much recently.

No, yeah. So you have an adjoining room, so you guys actually don't vacate the premises.

Well, we do. Remember the thin Brazilian wax line? Yes.

So we are off the premises. We're just in the backyard. I have a question. Most hotels, motels, bed and breakfast, they serve food. What's the food situation?

I'm so glad you asked that because we love that dinner, breakfast, and lunch. Absolutely.

We love them. We're a little unique because we love to eat for three times a day.

That's right. And they're in the morning and the noon and the night. That's right. Do you serve it to your patrons, as you call them? Yes, we do.

Yes, we do. You get three square meals a day. Three square meals in circular bowls. Is that the shape or is that the...

OK.

Everything comes in a circular bowl. Even if it doesn't make sense, like a sandwich. Is the shape of the meal square, though?

Well, it's a sandwich. It is. OK, so a square sandwich. But when it's cereal, it's round.

Well, cereal becomes the shape of the bowl. Of course. It's not a soup.

Are you good cooks? No, no, no. We're still learning. Of course not. But you know...

This is a feature we just started off with. We just added it because a lot of people were very hungry when it came to the house.

Sure. They get to the house. There's nothing to eat there.

And they also have breakfast, lunch, and dinner.

Yeah, because they find us on Airbnb and I think that the people are confused about the second B.

What we were led to understand is that you didn't have to provide food. That was a traditional bed and breakfast where it's all spelled out.

Silent B on the Airbnb. We were on a site called Airbean for quite a while. No traffic.

Turns out there was a silent B. We got the right dot com.

And we got tons of patrons after that.

Thanks, GoDaddy. What is the name of your place? I don't think... If you're here to advertise it...

You haven't mentioned it yet. You want to know the name of our home?

Nah. Let's go and let's move on. No, we would. We should get the word out.

Hold on.

It's called... This comes from a very old name in our family because years ago we were very... Our family was very prosperous landowners in America.

Slave owners as well?

No hired help.

Hired help?

Okay, paid hired help.

Hired help. We came to this country in the 1700s and we had hired help. Very reasonable, as it turns out.

Wait, they were only asking a reasonable amount to work with?

Yes, very reasonable amount. A very reasonable amount.

I don't know who asked who, but the amount turned out to be very reasonable.

The diaries we found didn't say who asked who.

Okay.

So that's where we got the idea to have the Airbean because we saw this.

Let's get to this name.

Okay.

Yeah.

So we want to spell it out so plainly. I guess you'd say it like this.

Yeah. It's very simple to say.

The name of our home is so simple to say. And it goes a little something like this.

It goes exactly like this.

Transylmania.

Transylmania?

Tranto-mania.

You know what's funny? As they started to say it, I was like, I know I've heard of that place.

I've heard of Tranto-mania.

Oh, you've heard of Tranto-mania?

Oh, you've heard of it. We do have it.

I had a friend stay there, actually.

Oh, you did?

Yeah.

What was the experience? Did they say good or bad things?

They said, actually, that they were a little put off by the whole back door arrangement.

That was their only complaint. They thought the food was pretty good.

They just said that they wanted to go through the back door to take a walk in the yard.

On that Brazilian trip.

They stepped out the back door and they were in a room with two people who were staring into the back door.

Who were elderly and clearly related.

I wonder who that was.

And cursing a lot.

Wow.

Yeah.

Okay.

I wonder who that was.

Me too, because they're just so familiar. Because whenever we're in the back room, we always lay down in the bed.

We always lay down in the bed.

Just waiting.

Waiting for what?

Well, someone needs something and then the...

Hold on!

Will you hold on?

Have you ever seen a Walgreens or CVS, a Halloween toy that sits up when you press a button?

Yeah, Duane Reade has them, Rite Aid.

You don't need to list stores.

No free rides here. I mean, if they're not paying, why mention them?

Exactly, but you can mention them.

Duane Reade is an amazing store.

All right, Gene Simmons. No free rides. I get it.

Okay, all right. I'm just saying.

Well, anyways, it's just like that. We rise whenever the door opens and we're ready to help.

Yes, we have an amazing core strength, especially for being so old.

So you go from flat on your back to 90 degrees.

That's exactly right.

At our hip, snap into place and you make a little pop.

So you rise like a ghoul in the cemetery.

No, no, no. It's very friendly. What we do is we're lying there and then you'll see us slowly snap into place and we'll say, yes.

And I go, ahhhh!

Could you not display you?

And what are you wearing?

I'm wearing a Corpse Bride nightgown.

Imitja.

Two Corpse Bride from the actual movie Corpse Bride?

It's a theme from the Corpse Bride movie. They have the Corpse Bride character on them.

I was trying to get a Scrooge one, but they didn't have any more.

And they're made for children.

So it's a nightgown that doesn't look like the Corpse Bride?

And it's made for a child. It has the Corpse Bride drawn on it.

It just has Corpse Bride drawn on it.

And I make it, excuse me, extra long.

Something wrong with your voice?

No.

You poisoned me?

Did you poison my sister?

No, no. Of course not.

So what we do is we tie two of them together top to bottom.

That's right.

So I have t-shirt holes at the top, you know, sleeves at the base. My legs go through the sleeve holes.

I'm not following you.

So I got a nightgown on. It goes to my midsection because I'm not a child.

Sure.

Then I'll sew the other one.

They make nightgowns for adult women.

Then I'll Corpse Bride on them.

Okay.

And then I'll sew it to the base of it so it's upside down t-shirt on top of regular t-shirt.

On top of regular, yeah.

My legs go through the t-shirt holes.

T-shirt holes and your arms go through the...

My pee goes through the...

Your pee goes through what?

The neck hole.

The neck hole. Okay.

And the same for my brother, of course.

Of course.

Yeah. Although what I also do is I wrap my entire body with ace bandages.

Okay.

Just to fit in it better.

Well, and you're currently looking for tenants or patrons?

We're always looking for tenants.

We love to make money.

Just go to airbean.com.

We love to make money.

We don't have a retirement fund because we both never work a day in our life.

That's right.

Did you grow up wealthy or...

No.

So how do you eat?

Because you wake up so hungry.

Well, I just go out into my yard and I grab an egg from a squirrel and eat it.

So why does the squirrel have so many eggs?

Squirrels steal eggs.

Oh, I thought they made them.

Oh, no, no, no.

They can't...

This is common misconception.

They don't lay eggs but they are...

They go around house to house.

They are egg thieves.

You owe me a dollar.

I told you.

That's right.

I thought that squirrel had some fucked up sex.

What I will do is...

Sorry.

It's disappointing.

You're these proud veterans of a great Korean conflict and then this one, Scat comes in here talking like a sailor, which she probably was.

I was.

She's a salty broad.

You were a sailor.

Well, yeah, but for free.

I didn't work a day of it.

Okay, right.

You never accepted a paycheck much like Conan?

Sure.

I rode boats.

I was an amateur sailor.

Yeah, stowaway is I think what we call that.

Sure, yeah.

I hid underneath.

But you do work on the boat.

Absolutely.

It's not like you were...

It's a free ride.

You ever swab a deck?

Yeah, I swabbed a few decks in my day.

I bet you did.

See, now that was you this time.

That was me.

Wait a minute.

You know I wasn't being flirtatious.

I know you weren't.

No, I didn't mean that.

I just meant I bet you did.

That's all.

Oh, well, yeah, I did.

I'll take that bet.

We had bet on it actually before the show.

Oh, you did?

So, yeah, I owe you a dollar now.

Yeah, that was not...

Can I just say one thing?

I get in trouble with women a lot because that's my tone of voice.

But they'll say things like, you know, oh, I was up all night.

And I'm like, I bet you were.

And you are literally just making bets on this.

And they get really offended.

And then later on, I'm saying I could tell that she had sleep apnea.

I was trying to, you know...

I don't know what it is.

Yeah, you're a genuine fellow.

What were the circumstances that led you to make that wager?

Oh, just before you came in here, I saw how old you were.

And I was like...

We could see you guys sitting in the waiting room.

You know, the lead guest, myself, we're ushered right in.

But I was...

The bee guests, as we call them.

Yes, and I saw them.

There's a whole section called the, you know, the bee hive, I think is your joke name for it.

But it's where the bee guests hang out.

And I saw this very elderly couple.

I noticed the woman had a very hard mahogany-like protrusion from her stomach.

Thank you.

And I had hinges that opened.

Right.

I wondered what kind of homophigurines were in there.

And that led you to say, like, I bet she has swapped a few decks in her day.

Well, first of all, I could tell that she had done a lot of hard...

What looked like, apparently, she hasn't worked, but her hands are very gnarled.

Yes.

As though she had done hard work.

Why are your hands so calloused and gnarled if you've never done a day's work?

Well, I actually spent a lot of time doing a look this way.

First, I was very into pottery.

Well, my brother and I always did the ghost scene.

We did the ghost scene where we would get ready to do pottery, and then she would come and say, let's do the pottery.

And I would say, get off my train!

And I would scare her out of the room.

Or a different scene than what I was thinking.

When Jeffrey Tambor gets slashed by that train.

Now, look, I've told you a million times.

I think it's Vincent Chiavelli.

It's Vincent Chiavelli.

Jeffrey Tambor.

It's not Jeffrey Tambor.

Yep.

No.

Well, I'm sorry, but you've been wrong about everything else so far.

Do you guys want to bet on this?

Because you could get another dollar.

Yeah.

I want to wager a bet.

I need a dollar.

Why do you need a dollar?

What happened?

Everyone's against you on this one.

Jeffrey Tambor does not get smushed by that train.

I bet you $10 Jeffrey Tambor was smushed by a train in a film.

Oh!

Or in the film Ghost.

She's opened it up.

She's left it open in any film.

You can't.

In any film?

That's right.

Wait a minute.

I wish I had my phone handy.

Or the future season of Transparent.

I'm looking it up online.

Don't look up.

The one he's not allowed to be on.

They're going to kill them all.

That's right.

Wait a minute.

Look at this.

I bet he gets smushed by a train.

I just looked it up.

Jeffrey Tambor is the co-star of a 1988 film called Train Crusher.

Train Crusher, of course.

I need my dollar in singles, please.

All right.

Here you go.

Why do you want singles?

Are you going to the strip club later?

Yeah.

Give her her dollar in singles.

I bet you want my dollar in singles.

Wait.

Okay.

Yeah.

He and I bet that you were going to a strip club later.

This is unfair how many bets there are.

Yeah.

A lot of side pod action going on.

Look, we need to take a break.

Do we though?

We do, but the name of the place is Tonto Mania.

Transomania.

No, not Tonto from the Lone Ranger.

He doesn't listen.

I'm sorry.

I apologize.

He's a horrible interviewer.

You remember that?

Yes, of course.

As I said, a friend went and he was freaked out by the...

All right.

Back to arrangement.

We'll fix it.

Well, when we come back, the aforementioned Prudence Fart is going to be here and that's very exciting.

I've been trying to get Prudence Fart for five years.

I know.

I got her.

And it's never happened.

How'd you do that?

Yeah.

I don't know what it is, but she agreed to be in the C block, the cell block tango.

We will be right back with Prudence Fart, more Conan O'Brien, more Pat and Scat Hampton Krat right after this.

Comedy bang, bang.

We're back here with Conan O'Brien and Pat and Scat.

Pat Mann and Patricia Hampton Krat are here from the Katana...

Transomania.

Sounds like you don't want to say there the way you're forgetting the name.

It's an air bean.

You can say there.

Air bean.

We're just in the backyard in a yurt.

Don't worry.

Wait, is it yurt situation?

We didn't cover that.

We went to the walls if you're more interested in having us close by for help.

Well, actually, before we rented out...

Yeah, before we built the yurt on the back, what we used to do was live inside the walls.

You've probably heard these stories of people doing that.

Like a bad Ronald situation?

Like a bad Ronald situation.

Except we're good Ronalds.

We're good Scat and Pat.

Well let's get to our next guest.

Hold on.

No, no, no.

We want to know more.

She is a homemaker and Conan has been trying to get her on his show for quite a while, but I was able to land her.

Please welcome Prudence Farts.

Hello.

I'm a ghost!

What?

I'm a ghost!

You're a ghost?

I'm a ghost!

Why did I not introduce you as ghost?

You're a...

Well I was a homemaker when I was alive.

You're a ghost?

I'm a ghost!

How scary.

Isn't it scary?

I mean...

I'm scared.

Yes!

Oh thank you so much for reacting.

And for sitting up to 90 degrees.

It's okay if we lay down here, right?

You'd been laying down this entire interview.

What kind of insecure ghost has to keep shouting, I'm a ghost?

Well that's my problem I guess.

I've been told I'm too insecure for a ghost.

I keep trying to scare people and but it comes out like this.

You're not scary.

Boo!

Is that okay?

You're too apologetic.

I'm sorry.

And it should be apparent that you're a ghost.

No ghost.

I know.

Frankenstein doesn't go around saying, I am Frankenstein.

But I am.

Okay.

But I am a ghost.

You're not see through in any regard.

You just look like a regular human being.

No because I have to acquire a certain number of scares in order to graduate to a haint and that's when you become...

Are you alright?

Oh my gosh.

I never get a ghost joke to death.

And that's when you become transparent.

I hope nothing bad happens to that ghost.

I really had the vapors.

What's a haint?

It's a...

It haints a ghost?

A haint is a ghost that's real see through.

It's like Misty.

Right.

So in order for me to become translucent in that way I have to get a certain number of scares but I'm just having the hardest time.

Well it's very difficult.

I would imagine you'd be scarier were you to be translucent.

It's a catch 22 situation.

I know.

You're not...

How are you able to...

Damned if you do.

Damned if you don't.

That's what I said.

When did you say that?

Um, just now.

Right.

We can establish that you're saying things.

You don't need to say that.

That's what you said after each thing that you said.

That's what he said.

That's what I said.

That's what she said.

Who said that and when?

You have to open your eyes when we're doing the interview.

That's what he said.

You have to actually look at us.

I'm lying down.

That's what he said.

I can only see the underside of the table.

That's what he said.

That's what she said.

When a ghost is present I like to know how they died.

Yes.

And we have a homemaker here which is a very safe, safe occupation.

Would you fall on a mop?

Yeah.

No that was a little...

Would you get ringed by a mop?

You know this is all funny to you guys.

Everyone thinks you fall, you get rimmed by mops or whatever.

Are you a mop fucker?

I said rimmed.

Who said rimmed by a mop?

Look everyone thinks you're a homemaker, you're getting rimmed by mops day and day.

If you're lucky.

Listen to me.

This is not, that's not how I died.

You want to know how I died?

Yes we do.

I've been dead for 5,000 years.

That's older than the earth.

No it's not.

What?

I didn't realize you were a Christian scientist.

Yes.

5,000 years.

I have some materials for you that I want to give you after the show.

5,000 years.

That puts you, well this is really getting back to, I mean, almost pre-written record.

I know.

That's what I kept telling people.

I was like we should write this stuff down and no one believed me.

Did you reside when you were alive on these very grounds here?

In what's come to be known as America?

That's right I sure did.

I lived in a sod house and I think I had a family I don't really remember.

Well it's been a long time.

I know.

And I was making, this is how I died, I was, I, ok, how I died was, she's going to tell us.

She's going to tell us.

Everyone be quiet.

She's going to tell us.

I'm going to tell you guys.

Get ready, here we go.

Give her a chance to talk.

You guys, if you stop interrupting her she can tell us.

I'm going to tell you right now, here it comes, I'm saying it right now, it's coming out right now.

Let me get settled in.

It's coming out.

I slipped on soup and bonked my noodle.

That sounds like an old nursery rhyme.

I slipped on soup and bonked my noodle and then I was dead.

Then you were dead.

Yes.

Well I mean what was the life expectancy back then?

It was probably only about 21 or so.

Yeah it was young.

How old were you when you died?

Did you?

I was 19.

You were 19?

Yes.

The Paul Hart Castle.

I think I had a family I don't remember.

Have you tried to go back and haunt them?

Well no they're long gone now.

But are they ghosts?

I haven't even thought about that.

You really should.

I suppose I could.

I would fill out your backstory a little bit.

I suppose I could.

If I were to become a ghost, first thing I'm going to do is find out who else is a ghost.

Anyone I know.

It's like when you join a club, you want to know who else is in the club.

Well sure, okay you guys know all about being a ghost.

You get rimmed by mops and meet other friends.

It's not how ghosthood works.

A lot of times as a ghost, you're contained in the place that you died.

Does everyone become a ghost who dies or do you have unfinished business?

No I have unfinished business.

That was my soup.

You wanted to complete eating the soup?

I didn't finish the soup.

I didn't finish making it.

I spilled it and I slipped on it.

Was it round?

Bonked my noodle.

Oh yeah, was the soup round?

Well she never got it in the bowl.

It spilled.

No, no, no it spilled.

That's right.

Can I ask, it's been 5,000 years.

Why don't you just make some soup and you can move on?

Oh sure, okay.

Yeah, cool.

I mean you're not translucent.

I can touch you.

Stop doing that.

Yeah, hey.

Why do you have to prove it that way?

This is not a me too situation.

Don't do that.

I touched her hand.

It's nice to, bitch.

I touched her hand.

Ghosts can give consent too.

You know what I've heard is actually the words out that Scott likes to take public transportation, touch women and then say, I thought you might be a ghost.

What?

No, please I don't want that out here.

That's true.

Is that why you're wearing those loose sweatpants?

Yeah.

Oh no.

Yeah.

He says, I'm the ghost catcher.

I'll change into tight sweatpants if you need me to.

These are my loose sweatpants that I wear when I'm out hunting ghosts.

Bill Murphy, the ghost catcher.

But here's my thing.

The sod house, the area that my sod house used to be, now it's a Costco.

Oh, well there's plenty of soup there.

Well I know, but that's right.

But I know, but also- It seemed like you were trying to tell us something that would impede you from doing this.

But he didn't make the soup.

But I didn't make the soup.

Who makes the soup?

Here's the thing.

Who makes Costco soup?

Who makes the soup?

I don't know.

It's not me.

I have to, because now I'm a ghost.

That was my unfinished business.

But now that I'm a ghost, I have to get 10 scares to be a hank, and then I have to get 25 scares to be a ghoul, and then I go to heaven.

Just circumvent all of that and just finish your soup.

I'm trying.

You make it sound so easy, Scott.

What do you know about it?

Yeah.

What do you know about it?

Just what she's told me.

You're with them?

I'm with them.

Making soup isn't the easiest thing in the world.

How many times have you made soup in your life?

I've never made soup.

You've just bought it, right?

No, no.

I just refuse to get near the stuff.

I think it's a death trap.

It's a suicide wrap.

You better get out while you're young.

You only eat solid foods?

Squares?

Yeah.

I won't sip some hot liquid just to make an old man happy.

Am I the old man?

I don't know.

This went down a bad road and took us away what I thought was a very fertile area, talking to a 2,000-year-old ghost who speaks- 5,000!

Okay.

I'm sorry.

5,019, to be fair.

I'm a little curious.

2,000, 5,000 years old.

You use almost, I don't know, your accent.

Yeah.

Have you appropriated this accent?

It feels like you've appropriated some of the characteristics of someone who maybe grew up in the 1950s, 60s.

Hey, you looking at me?

Yeah, exactly.

You've got kind of a Joanne Worley laugh-in, reference no one listening can understand kind of vibe.

You know, when you're a ghost for this long, you do start to acquire certain things from around you.

Sure.

You wait, people, you're vernacular.

I had a friend who went to England for 10 days and came back with a British accent, so I can see how it would happen.

Here's a Mike Hanford?

No, he came back hating martinis.

Here's what I don't get.

Movies!

Wait, they've been around for a hundred years.

To be fair, she is working on her stand-up set.

Oh, that's right.

But wait, yeah.

She did 5,000 years.

Wait, you have a type 5 on this?

I do.

I hear some of her stand-up.

Hey, hey, thanks for having me.

What?

Guys, no, but for real.

Here's what I don't get.

Am I right?

Everyone doesn't get a thing.

Movies, got it?

So it was just similar to what you said, but then you introduced a bunch.

But just a lot of preamble?

But yeah, you got to warm them up.

Yeah.

I'm warm.

But one thing I learned as a ghost is like, yeah, really?

Yeah, that warmed me right up.

I enjoyed that warm-up.

Are you warm?

Because I'm very cold, and I would love to get some human heat.

Just put on a jacket.

Do you mind if I...

Whoa, she just started touching it.

Yeah, it's so easy to just get a jacket.

Here, there's one right here.

Just put a jacket.

I bet you'd like to slip it on her, huh, Scott?

Yeah, we did bet about that right before.

He's always trying to put clothes on women.

Jesus, man.

Here, I can touch you, right?

Oh, shoot.

Hey, wait.

Let me put this jacket on you.

Here, let me drape it around your shoulder.

Okay, prudence.

Does that make you warmer?

She absorbed it.

I absorb it.

I absorb things I put on me.

Now it's a ghost jacket.

That's right.

Exactly.

Guys...

You just touched my arm, and it became so cold and numb.

Sorry.

That's my problem, is at the Costco, I can't get the scares I need to become a hank because everyone just thinks I'm a customer.

Why do they think you're a customer?

Because I shop.

Of course I have a Costco ID.

They wouldn't let me in there otherwise.

So you are a customer there.

Well...

You pay $100 a year.

I pay a membership fee, sure.

And you shop there.

No.

I mean, I push around the cart.

I push around the cart.

I push around the cart and I put things in it.

Is this ghost money?

How are you getting money?

Ghost bucks?

Oh no.

Ghost bucks.

Well, we have ghost gold.

And that's the thing.

When you become a ghost, you're given a certain amount.

You're given an allowance.

An allowance.

I open it.

No yearly allowance.

But every year that you're around, it gets less and less and less.

Ghost, ghost, ghost.

I don't see anyone.

Call on Pat.

Pat Hamptoncraft.

Oh, Pat.

Is that a transomania?

Hi, Pat.

Listen, this ghost gold spelled G-H-O-L-D asking for a sister.

Yeah, that's my question to be fair.

Okay, thank you, Pat, for your question.

The answer to that is no.

And I tell you what else.

How does the TV work?

Is that also part of the stand-up set?

Yeah, you seem to be confused about one thing, moving images.

It's basically a series of still photos, like a flip book.

She was alive 5,000 years ago.

She's been dead for 5,000.

Yeah, but wait.

Let me ask you about other things.

Thank you, Scott.

What about iPhones?

Do you understand iPhones?

Yeah, I get that.

Okay, well then.

That's easy.

As everyone saw the iPhone coming.

Right.

So it's just this one particular thing, you have a blind.

Yeah, I just don't understand it.

But more importantly, I need to...

What could be more important than you not understanding movies?

More importantly, I really want to become a haint, because then I could become a ghoul and then I could go to heaven.

Well, maybe we can help you.

Maybe we could be scared of something you do.

Wait, wait, wait.

What's a ghoul?

And the next up is heaven?

Haint, ghoul, and then you go to heaven.

So what defines a ghoul?

A ghoul is the scariest ghost.

So you're translucent as a haint.

As a haint, you're translucent.

When you graduate to a ghoul, you what, get pointy ears?

No, when you're a ghoul, you get to have whatever you want pour out of you.

Pour out of you?

Whatever you want?

Whatever you want.

What do you want to pour out of you?

Jolly ranchers.

Why not soup?

Then you just drink it and then just go to heaven right then.

I just can't get over the way Pat said ghoul.

Ghoul.

Yeah, I love that.

It's, you got a little...

Well, I'm obsessed with ghouls, because here's what I understand about them.

Ghouls cannot touch you and you cannot touch the ghouls.

Is that correct?

No, that's only like a haunted house, like at Universal Studios.

No, those are actors.

That's not just across the board.

Those are immersive theater actors.

It wasn't ghouls, it was girls.

So maybe you could try to scare us.

I would love that.

Do you mind?

How many do you need?

Do you need five?

I need 10.

I have four.

You have four, so you need six.

I'm afraid I'm going to see it coming since we've already been...

No, no, no, no, no.

We're conversing with this ghost for quite some time.

Yeah, how are you going to surprise us?

Pretend to be busy.

Okay, pretend.

All right.

Pretend to be busy.

I'm going to be doing a new listing for a client.

I'm sawing.

I'm on a train going by.

Jeffrey Tamble.

I'm building a pyramid.

Ooh, do you like me?

Ah!

Dev.

Was that a real scare?

No.

You can't fake it.

The problem was you just said, do you like me?

I know, I just want to make sure, do you like me?

Yeah, you have to be more careful.

You weren't scared you had an orgasm.

I do, well.

Do you like me?

He likes the position of power.

That's what happens to you when you have an orgasm.

When I have an orgasm, that's the sound I make.

I go, ah!

Ooh.

I make that noise afterwards.

What do you do, Pat?

And then you ask, do you like me?

And I go, do you like me?

When I have an orgasm, which is every two hours.

Every two hours?

Yes.

You're just about due.

I know.

What I usually do is...

You can set your clock by it.

I yell the beginning of the Pledge of Allegiance.

Just the beginning?

Yes, the beginning.

How far?

I say God.

I won't say it.

You won't say God.

That's pretty far.

But you do say under?

Not while I'm having an orgasm.

Oh, OK.

Yeah, I do say under.

I respect that.

Thank you.

Don't you want to know what I do?

What do you, oh sure, yeah.

What do you do?

Like I don't already know.

Yeah, like I don't already know.

Oh, you've haunted her?

Did you haunt her?

I've been haunting all of you guys.

Do an impression of me.

Hang on, hang on, hang on, hang on, hang on, hang on.

Yeah, I do a Popeye noise.

Like, I'm going to get you.

Popeye is starting an old car.

So I think you need to be more confident in your scares.

Yeah, no, definitely.

Like don't say, you know, be confident that you're actually going to scare us.

Why don't you try something out on someone else?

I mean.

OK, sorry.

Yeah, try saying a scary thing rather than asking a vulnerable person.

Try saying the scariest thing that you can think of.

OK, OK, OK.

OK.

All right, I'll look away.

Sure.

Me too, I'll look up.

I'll look down.

OK, ready?

OK.

Library late fees.

Everyone doesn't really do that anymore.

I usually read things on this iPhone.

Everyone doesn't usually do that anymore.

Everyone doesn't quite do that so much.

Yeah, library late fees.

OK, OK.

Why are those so scary to you, by the way?

Because you've been a ghost since libraries were invented.

But they really add up.

You think you haven't taken a book back in a few years.

And you're like, how much could that be?

And then it becomes like hundreds and hundreds of dollars.

That's true.

And they don't take ghost gold.

I remember I once, this isn't a library situation, but I rented Red Rock West and I owed $80 on it when I finally returned it years later.

That's my coin.

Red Rock West?

Yeah, a Nicolas Cage film.

Two minutes later.

Red Rock.

So try to think of something scarier.

OK, OK, OK.

All right.

OK.

Something really scary.

Oh, no.

It's cloudy outside and inside.

Cloudy inside?

That's a lie.

It just means you have glaucoma.

Yeah, your eyes all right?

Isn't that scary?

Glaucoma is kind of scary.

Glaucoma is scary.

Why don't you stick to medical things?

Glaucoma!

OK.

Yes, that's pretty good, actually.

But it's scarier, though.

There's something more life threatening.

I have a suggestion.

You're going to get a doctor's appointment.

I'm going to get a doctor's appointment.

I will submit this proof in writing.

It's here as clear as day.

What?

She was wearing a ghost costume.

She had a zipper going from the forehead to the crotch area.

None of us commented on it the whole time out of politeness.

Can I please talk to all of you about joining the church of latter-day saints?

I'm sorry.

We're rubbing up against your orgasm.

We only have one last thing to do.

I'm going to have to do the...
