♪ Comedy Bang Bang ♪ Hold that fart, it's time to start. Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

Oh, very appropriate, because this is by, that catchphrase is by Dr. Air Drums, which is very appropriate and germane to our conversation today. Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

My name is Scott Aukerman. A post-Thanksgiving episode here.

And speaking of drums, our first guest here today on the show, by the way, coming up a little later, we'll have a musical combination and a actor, I believe. But first, speaking of drums, his catchphrase is the word Drums. He hasn't been on the show in quite a while. I want to find out what he is up to, not only this summer, but also during the holidays. Please welcome back to the show, he's a former Beatle and a former solo artist of note, John Lennon.

Oh, hello, Scott. How are you doing? Am I loud? Maybe I should, I'm turning down my headphones.

No, you're turning down your own headphones. I don't want to hear it. It's making me wince.

Everything's a little peaky. Uh, so you have a mountain range.

Yeah. Speaking of a little peaky, let's get a little peaky into your schedule. Where have you been? I've been all over the place, Scott. Now I'm, now I'm too low. I feel like...

Yeah. You're just turning your headphones up and down. It has nothing to do with...

No, I'm too low. I'm on the, under the table. Oh yeah. What are you doing down there?

I was looking at your shoes. They look great. Thank you so much.

Oh, what are you doing? A new knot? Oh, you're looking at the laces.

Right. I'm not looking at the shoes really. Are you looking at my toes?

Welcome back to the show, John Lennon. Now for...

It's so great to be here. It is. It really is. I agree with you. I missed you too. Before we get to talking, I just want to explain your situation for newer listeners. You are a former Beatle who was shot to death outside your home at the... Which hotel?

The Dakota. The Dakota Hotel in New York City.

Right next to the Central Park. You are not a ghost.

I'm not. I'm alive. You chose to come back to life.

I chose to... After about five years?

Uh, four. Four years.

Died in 80, up in 84. 84. To celebrate the George Orwell, the year that he wrote about?

Right. I had been reading that down in the grave.

Great. How do you read while you're dead?

Well, you'd have to be there to do, know how to do it.

Oh, okay. It's one of those, you had to have been there.

Oh God. Type of the phrase.

I hope I'm never there, but I know we all get there.

You don't have to be.

Yeah, that's true.

Unless some sort of guy with a pistol shoots you right through the body.

Right. Right through the body, which is where you got shot.

You chose to come back to life, and then you've been laying low other than your appearances on this program.

Right. I don't like to spread the word that I'm alive, but...

Some would say appearing on this program is laying low in a way.

Hey, don't do that to yourself.

All right. You're right. It's a very popular show.

Popular show. It's a great show. No, I lay low, but my thing is always if you see me on the street, you can come up and say hi. I'll do pictures and write you a song, but...

Selfies, just...

Anything. I can take a picture of you.

Sure. Yeah. Well, I don't know why anyone would want that, but there's one, you have one rule.

Yeah. Do not talk to Yoko about me. If you see her, don't tell her I'm alive.

She still has no idea you're there.

No idea. I'm borrowing a, I had borrowed a beret of hers a long time ago, and I don't want to give it back.

That's the only reason.

It's the only reason.

Right.

I hope she's doing well. I really loved her.

Yeah. I think she just came out with a new record or something.

Oh, really? Records? Ah, I'm more of a digital guy now.

Okay. Well, you can, it's actually easier to get it that way.

How do you suppose?

Wait, you're the one who's a digital guy. You should know.

All right. I lied.

Huh? Wait, you lied about being a digital guy or not knowing?

I'm analog.

All right. Um, so what...

Thanks for jumping off that topic.

Where have you been? What are you up to?

Well, I just had a very eventful Thanksgiving, if you have to know.

Okay. Now, Thanksgiving was this last Thursday, if you're listening to this in the future.

Right.

As far as we're concerned, uh, it was...

And for those sorry to cut you off...

American Thanksgiving. Oh yeah, not Canadian Thanksgiving.

No, and I don't know if England has their own Thanksgiving.

I don't know. I will never ask them.

I would never ask either.

No.

I'm gonna wait. You won't.

It's too impolite. No, it's...

I'm not gonna go there.

I don't want to bother them.

Hey, where you been, John? Don't worry about it. Where the...

What Thanksgiving do we do?

So, what did we... You were, uh, American Thanksgiving last Thursday. What does John Lennon do? You still live at the Dakota, correct?

That's right. I had a great one. I was in the parade. I was in the Macy's Thanksgiving Day parade.

You were in the Macy's Day parade? What?

That's right. It took me a long time. I had to, you know, battle with the, the, uh, parade marshal.

You had to battle with him?

Yeah.

Like you had to defeat him in battle or something?

No, no, just sort of, uh, online email type battles back and forth. No, I didn't touch him.

Oh, okay.

But he wasn't... He didn't... I said, you know, I want to go on and be in the parade, and I've got an idea for a float. And he said, well, you can't do it because of what you did 10 years ago at the parade.

Wait, what did you do 10 years ago?

Yeah, I didn't want to bring it up, but you have to ask...

I let a couple... I let two turkeys loose in the parade. I was by the side.

Two turkey floats or actual living turkeys?

Two living wild turkeys that I... that were very nice when I was around them, but let them out into a big crowd of people. They go nuts.

They attack the people or what?

They attack just about everything that moved.

Wow.

Floats, people, some of the trombone sticks they went after.

Those are moving quite rapidly.

Yeah, well, depending on the song, I'd say.

Yeah, that's true.

But no, and then... so he certainly didn't like that. And then, and then, you know, he said, I was willing to look past that, but then you went and you, you know, threw a punch at Santa Claus.

You've punched Santa...

I was so drunk.

How do you... that's a very early morning Thanksgiving Day parade.

Well, it was... I was going on for the night before.

Oh, I see. So it was a continuance of this.

You know, because all your friends come back from college, so you go out the night before.

You don't know when to stop because you haven't seen them for so long.

Oh, of course. Yeah. Who did you see?

Well, Ringo and I hung out.

OK, but you hang out with them all the time.

All the time. But we went to a couple of bars to see other college people.

We're not our friends. We never went to college.

Right. Yeah. Just other other people's colleges.

Who's back from college? What are you studying? Who are you?

That's your third question in a series of three.

Right.

So you tied one on. You were really drunk and you let a couple of wild turkeys loose.

Right. Let the two guys go. And then I went after Santa Claus.

Yeah.

Just for, you know.

And did you did you connect with Santa Claus or connected?

Yeah, I connected right on his chin.

Right on his chinny chin chin.

Right. He went down and this was early in the parade, so he was pretty out of it for the whole.

Oh, OK. But he continued. Was he able to continue?

Because he's the you know, he's he's a consummate professional. He's the man.

Right. Yeah. So you bear no ill will, rather.

I bear no ill will either.

No ill will towards Santa. He's the man.

He's the man. You know, I was I got to my head that he didn't get me a certain Lego set that I wanted as a kid.

As a kid. Legos were invented back then.

Yeah. OK. Yeah. They were back in the 50s or so. I have no idea. I don't know.

I've never been to the Lego, you know, Lego land.

Oh, you've got to go. Oh, you've been I've been down there in San Diego.

Yep. Yeah. I go on the pirate ride and there's a pirate ride.

You know, there's a lot to do with what does it have to do with Legos? Pirates?

I don't know. Lego just makes they great game properties and just stop making toys.

OK. Pirates, pirates, Avengers, everything.

Wait, did you go to Disneyland?

I'm not going to deny that. OK.

I didn't come on this program to talk about what theme park I went to in San Diego.

So wait. So getting back to Thanksgiving, you were in the parade this year.

I was were you a stride of float of some sort?

Yes, I put together an Annie Get Your Gun float.

Annie Get Your Gun musical.

As a true that's right. As a tribute to Broadway.

True. And who better than John Lennon to be singing Ethel Merman's the original Annie Get Your Gun, Ethel Merman's great tunes.

Right. Like like anything you can do, I can do better.

You know, I do know it. Yes, I'm surprised you do.

And so you were you were a strike. What was the plan with a gun?

What was the flow? Because I know during the New Year's Day parade, it's, you know, made of flowers. It's like platforms. But normally this is like balloons and stuff.

This is a flatbed Dodge Dakota.

Wait, so you drive the same thing that you live in?

No, I live in an RV. No, you live in the Dakota.

Right. I just wonder if that's a recurring theme.

For these two instances, it is. OK.

Yeah, I know. It's just a flatbed and it was me and a karaoke machine and singing and.

Singing just any song from Annie Get Your Gun.

Right. And how is it received?

I didn't watch this year, so I guess I missed it.

Uh, it was received as well as any of those shitty floats do.

You know, a lot of people don't know what's going on.

Meanwhile, people who cover it on television have to act like it's a big deal.

Right. Right. Oh, my God. We got the the gang from Kids Club. Look at them sing.

Right. What's Kids Club? Well, we've never heard of it before.

It won't be around next year.

So well, congratulations. That's a thank you.

And that wraps up by a good nine or 10 in the morning, does it not?

Yeah. What did that wrap up for me? Wrapped up at about nine forty five.

I jumped out a little early. Oh, you did. OK.

Did you have somewhere to go or a sale at Penny's?

J.C. Penney's. Yeah, I'm kidding.

I'm trying to get into more of this Black Friday humor.

Yeah. Well, you certainly dipped your toe into it.

And I'm out. Well, and why have you been away so long?

Oh, me personally? Yeah, you personally.

I don't mean, I guess, the collective.

When the hell was the last time I was on this show?

It feels like it was months ago. Like, like what did you do all summer?

All summer long, I was working on my tan. Got nowhere.

Yeah, you're still pale as a. Don't say it because you're going to confuse people.

All right. Ghost. But I should wear not a ghost.

Not a ghost. I should wear these white suits so much.

Yeah. No, I mean, you look a little Casper-esque. Thank you.

I mean, the mattress, the white mattress.

Is that a no, it's not because we're a Lisa family here.

I know it. Don't I know it? All right.

I mean, no, I think actually going back to the white suit, I think this Christmas time, I'm just going to wear a red jumpsuit. Red jumpsuit.

Much like a mechanic suit. Oh, OK.

I thought you meant like the old fat man himself.

I would never step on his toes, but I want to pay on him.

Yeah, he's the man with the plan. Don't get on his list.

No. Well, I mean, you want to on one of his lists.

Just stay off it. It's better. Just stay off both?

If you can stay off it, it's better for him. He's got so much damn stuff to do.

Yeah, that's true. Just get out of his way. Don't be bad.

But don't, you know, don't be extra good. So where he has to pop by the house.

Right. Send him an email and say, if you are in the neighborhood and you've got extra.

He usually is in the neighborhood, though. I have to say.

That's true. Looking forward to Christmas?

Oh, hell yeah. And back to the summer, you tried to get a tan.

You were unsuccessful. That's about it.

We jumped off the topic too quickly. I didn't tell you the rest.

OK, what else do you have?

Well, I was trying to finish that Dune book I've started.

Oh, which which chapter were you?

Who even knows anymore? That goddamn thing is so long.

All about spice, right? It's a currency or something?

Dr. Yoon, he's up to no good.

Right. Big sand worms or something?

Sand worms are coming to get you. Don't touch the sand or other sand worms are going to get you. Well, a lot of them.

Don't touch the sand? Is that part of it? I never read these things.

Oh, yeah, no, it's it's all about that.

It's about not touching sand. But I thought everything was sand or something.

Right. But if you're away from the main base.

Do people confuse sand with spice? Like they're, oh, let me pour some of this sand on my neck.

That would be interesting. But no, it's a lot of who done it's and who can we trust.

Who done what?

Who can we trust in this? Because there's a big takeover of this island.

Oh, OK.

This big island. This island. Fucking planet.

OK. So why are you reading? You seem to hate it.

Because I put my mind to that. Do you like science fiction at all?

No. Then why? Just read some nonfiction or?

A lot of my books are gone.

A lot. What happened? Ringo or?

Well, Ringo is a big part of it.

Yeah. How big?

Well, he was my, you know, what's what's the use of my partner in crime?

What's that?

Partner in crime.

No, I heard you say that. I do. What was the first part?

You went, well, partner in crime. I'm not quite sure what you're trying to say about it.

That's what I meant to say.

Oh, OK. Well, great.

I can come out here and mumble a little bit.

Feel free.

Jesus Christ, I've done it before.

So I tried to read one book, Unsuccessful, tried to get one tan.

I spent a lot of time in Central Park roller skating.

Oh, yeah.

I got the mountain bike down from the attic.

You ever take a spin on it?

Yeah. No, I looked at it all summer long.

Cause I did.

Well, I mean, you've been unsuccessful with everything else you tried.

I don't know.

Well, this is one thing I'm good at.

I've been, you know, some of the kids, you think since school is off.

Kids are out there building jumps and I would get on them.

Yeah, that's true.

And excited about the holidays coming up.

Love it.

Yeah.

Getting my list in order.

I don't know what I want yet.

From whom? From not from the fat man.

You want to stay off his list?

I'm staying off his list.

Just from my friends.

Who buys you presents?

Oh, your friends.

Ringo and you know what's odd.

Just ask for your guitar back.

No, because I want to sort of be surprised, but I do have a list.

Okay.

What is on what's on your list?

I've got a few things that I've wanted for a while.

I want some New York Yankees coasters for my coffee table.

Coasters.

Those still have not come in.

Right.

I've been putting that out there for years and no one gets it.

No one, no biters.

No, I'm a huge Aaron Judge fan.

Okay.

I don't know who that is.

He's an all star for the Yankees.

Oh, okay.

Were it Transpose, I would think it was Judge Aaron.

I would think it was like a television judge or something.

Then I'd be interested.

That's not a bad career for when he, you know, blows his knees out.

That's right.

Judge Judge.

How do you?

Hey, how do you judge?

How do you, uh, what do you say?

How do you favor?

How do you rule?

How do you really?

I don't care.

You rule.

You rule, my man.

Thank you.

So, uh, the coasters, anything else on the list or?

Yeah, just some things I need, uh, undershirts.

And I want, I do want a nice pair of boots.

Yeah.

So, uh, steel toe boots.

Steel toe.

Really?

Like a Dr.

Martin or?

Yeah, Doc Martin or Wolverine, I think does a night one.

Wolverine?

One nice one.

Well, Wolverine is a brand or the boots, like the ones that he wears in the X-Men.

That would be nice.

That would be the brand I'm talking about.

But if anyone can find Wolverine shoes where the spikes come out to the toe.

Yeah.

Well, that would be the female Wolverine, of course, because, uh, the male Wolverine does only have spikes coming out of his hands.

Are you sure about that?

I am quite sure.

Yes.

You've looked this up.

I just checked on my phone.

You've specifically got, I don't know.

I'm not a nerd.

I don't know this kind of information offhand.

I had to look it up in between when you said it and when I responded.

Good.

You're quick.

Thank you very much.

Well, welcome back to the show.

Thank you.

You're willing to stay during the rest of our guests here?

I'm willing to.

Okay, great.

Unless something goes awry or I get a phone call and I have to step out.

Okay, very good.

Well, you'll be happy to know that we have, we have some musicians on the show today.

Oh, perfect.

Aside from me.

Aside from you, yes.

And maybe you could join in with them at some point.

Although I know you don't have your guitar with the...

No, but I could, you know, kind of hear some of the lyrics and guess what the next ones are going to be.

Sure.

Yeah.

Like if I were to say, uh, you know, uh, uh, you know, uh, he puts bread in my jar.

What do you think the next lyric would be?

So don't go far because I want to grab that bread.

It's my cheat day, buddy.

It's my cheat day boy-o.

Okay.

I think we got something here.

This is not bad.

Well, our next, our next guests to the show, uh, they're returning guests.

They've been on the show many times before and have, uh, played songs on the show many times.

And they have a new album out coming out tomorrow called Dazzle Me.

Please welcome to back to the show.

Uh, Don't Stop or We'll Die, AKA Paul Rust and Michael Cassidy.

Hello guys.

Howdy.

Hi Scott.

Thanks for having us.

This is John Lennon, by the way.

I don't know if you've ever met.

How are you doing?

I mean, yeah, uh, we're great.

It's very great to meet you.

Of course.

We're just...

What are the Beatles?

...huge fans.

No, yeah, we love the Beatles.

You love the Beatles.

Oh, you've heard of it. Yeah. You've heard of the band then?

We heard of your band.

Good.

Yeah. Have you heard of our band?

Uh, what? Uh, name him?

Uh, Don't Stop or We'll Die.

Yes.

Okay.

Oh, you have?

Yeah, I have a friend of mine letting me Spotify for a week.

Wow.

One week.

Just a week.

Any favorite songs?

So what? They changed the password after that week or what?

How do they keep you out after a week?

No, honor system.

Oh, really?

And you never went back in?

I'm not going back on.

Yeah. Okay. Good for you.

You're a very honest fellow.

Very thoughtful.

Um, now Paul and Mike, uh, welcome back to the show. Uh, Dazzle Me is the new record and, uh, you haven't been on since the last time you were on.

That makes sense.

Yeah. There's no way that's wrong, but there were some episodes that I would listen to and I'd be like, we're there in spirit. We're there in vibe.

Yeah, totally.

I think almost every episode we've been on them in spirit.

In spirit. Certainly.

You mentioned each of us by full name in every episode, right?

Of course. Yeah. It was a little Easter egg.

That's how you summon us. Yeah. I know sometimes it's a, you know, you kind of stretch it and maybe you don't say Cassidy altogether. It's sort of a cast there.

I'll say, let's do some ads.

Yeah. You, you kind of, you just cumulatively say our name and then we appear. Yeah.

How would you get that E sound?

You know, you'll be surprised to know it pops up fairly frequently.

Oh, there you go.

In words. Yeah, I've done it for this one.

You didn't need to, you said his name already.

I'm already here. So it's a waste.

Work it all the time.

Look out.

The album is called dazzle me. What album number is this?

Is this a three plus an EP or is this?

That's right.

Third full length.

This is actually the second full length. Two EPs before that.

Two EPs, two LPs. How long are we talking?

We got a 15 track album for you.

Whoa.

The longest yet.

There was even more and we bumped a track, which is also available now on its own.

Really?

Yeah.

B-side.

A little B-side. Yeah. And, uh, like a, um, like a honey bees bottom.

Oh, okay. Yeah. I understand that reference.

Yeah. Um, and, uh, uh, tell us about, yeah.

I'm sorry.

What's that Sam? Have you met a honey bee?

Yeah. One or two in my life. I mean, uh, Yeah. No, no, no. Me too. Me too.

Yeah.

You're not lying. Are you?

Why would I lie about that?

You're looking around very suspiciously.

I've met a bee before. Why would I lie about that?

What was the bee's name?

Paw?

The bee's name?

Yeah.

It's so easy. It's at the tip of my tongue.

Well say it then.

Yeah. Then say it, babe. Jerry Seinfeld.

He got it.

Okay.

He got it.

Jerry Seinfeld, a lot of people don't know because they've only heard his, you know, comedy.

Yeah.

He's actually a bee.

Yeah. A lot of people. Yeah. Cause it was smart of him to stay out of the visual medium.

Yeah. A lot of people don't know when they, when they, that television show was on, people would be doing the dishes and like cock one ear over to it.

It was just a little bee flying around.

No, they've never seen that show.

They never saw it.

It was really just to put it on while you're doing shows.

And honestly, this was all before HD too. But if you take an episode of Seinfeld and you look close, you can see that.

With a magnifying glass up to the television.

If you take a magnifying glass to your- Sherlock Holmes style.

Your bubble TV. Yeah. You can see that it's that Seinfeld is just a bee flying under like a wig and a coat and human clothes.

Yeah. And rolled up sleeves.

And there's a little speaker of where the mouth is. So it seems like he's talking.

I move so fast. You can't tell.

That's right. The bumblebee is very fast.

People don't remember. I mean, such classic episodes. I mean, the one where the, the guys masturbate, others.

The one where all the honey goes missing.

Right. People don't remember that he had no lines. It was just, Yeah. Yeah.

And I got the pleasure of getting to visit the set one day.

Whoa.

So they showed us the, the, the Jerry suit that the bee wears.

Really?

Yeah. And there's a system of pulleys in there that the bee pulls, you know, I didn't know that the bee was in charge of that. I would have assumed puppeteers of some sort.

The bee is the only one strong enough to pull the cables.

Of course. That makes more sense.

And he insists.

And it's a union thing. You know, these bumblebee unions.

Was he a cool guy when you met him?

He's cool. He's cool.

Wow. Wow.

I mean, I feel like you're doing some humility about this moment.

It seems like it was pretty momentous.

He, he, he asked us to go out for, my family and I had to go out to eat afterwards.

Really? Where?

And we got something to hang out with him.

Wow.

In a big comb.

Oh, okay.

That's great.

Like a brush.

Yeah. Not a honeycomb.

Oh, of course not. I didn't assume.

Yeah. Well, you couldn't eat in a honeycomb. Obviously you're going to go eat at a hair comb.

Of course.

Of course. Of course.

And does the fact that he's a bee have anything to do with, I guess the fact that he made the movie Bee Movie and starred in it as himself.

Did he do a Bee Movie?

He did a movie called Bee Movie where he's, he, like that was his true form.

Finally.

I mean, the only way I'd ever watch that movie is if they make a really weird HIV E joke.

Right.

That's the only condition.

Well, Hey, you're in luck.

You are in luck.

What?

They have an HIV E joke in the film, which is very, uh, uh, uh, totally.

Tell us about the new album guys.

Dazzle me.

A lot of people, interviewers, when they talk about, and you guys will figure this out.

I know you're at the beginning of your press cycle here, but a lot of people, six months.

Yeah.

A lot of people focus on the title and go, what is the title?

Oh, you know, I don't give a shit.

You don't give a shit.

I don't give a shit.

Title's a title.

The name's a name.

And so when it means what it means guys, which is, oh, sure.

We'll answer that question.

Well, there's a lot, there's 15 tracks on the album.

There's songs from along.

What's that?

John, that dazzles me already.

John, what was that?

That dazzles me already.

One more time for the people in the back.

That dazzles me already.

Good.

Okay.

We got that clean.

Okay.

We got it clean.

Okay.

Great.

Cool.

Yeah.

You just send that out to samples.

We don't have to move on if, unless we got, no, we can move on.

I think we got it.

Yeah.

Okay.

I'm getting a couple of thumbs up.

Give very big thumbs up from the control booth.

Okay, great.

We're good.

We got it.

We can move on.

This control booth is gigantic by the way.

This is like a NASA command center.

Now was this dazzling you, John, due to the amount of songs or just the number 15 itself?

The number 15.

You liked the number 15.

Oh, it's a big one.

Well, it's good that we bumped that extra song.

Not as big as 16, I would say.

No, it's not, but it's a good age because all during 15 you say, next year I'm driving.

Yeah, that's true.

A lot of anticipation.

You're terrified.

Yeah.

That's right.

This is the pre-terrifiedness.

Right.

Yeah.

The pre-fear.

So when it comes to dazzle me the title, I mean, we don't care.

No.

But what the...

At the same time that we don't care, obviously on some level, everybody just wants to have a little peek inside how we cooked up those sausages.

So what do you got?

We, um, we took, um, our favorite letters.

Okay.

So we got a D we got a Z.

We, yeah, we both look Z.

Mike and I each got to put in our favorite letters.

I put in a Z and he by chance also put in a Z.

And you both must have put an E.

Wow.

Who put in the A?

I gotta know.

Oh my God.

I don't even want to admit this.

This is so embarrassing.

We were just talking about that.

I told you, you would ask us this.

It was Mike.

Mike put the A.

Mike, I knew it.

I knew it in there.

I'm I'm sorry.

Yeah.

Can you blame me for loving A's?

We can't blame you.

It's the first one I learned.

Yeah.

But I did.

When I saw that M in there, I was like, oh, Paul Rust has struck again.

There it is.

You might be right.

I thought that was a Cassidy because it was an M.

Is it your first name?

That's right.

Sure.

But it wasn't.

So you put this...

That guy is so humble when it comes to putting letters.

He never puts a letter from his name in the box.

It's so cool.

Yeah.

I mean, other than that, A.

Right.

So, so you put all these letters in a big hat.

What kind of hat are we talking?

It's one of these kind of 10 gallon Western hats.

Yeah.

We tend to steal it off a cowboy or.

Yeah.

We were hanging out at a saloon.

Yeah.

Obviously.

And the two flappy doors opened up.

Yeah.

And we heard a little jingle jangle, some spurs.

Yeah.

So you knew something was coming.

And we were like, who?

And then we turned in an owl was on my shoulder.

What?

Yeah.

What owl?

Is it one of those guardians of Gefool?

It was a Gefooler.

He was Gefooling me.

Oh, man.

Was he guarding you or was he Gefooling you?

I don't know, but he took our crap on my shoulder.

Uh oh.

It's still there, by the way.

Oh, yeah.

Well, now I feel like it's good luck because that was the very day that we met the cowboy with the hat where we figured out the name of our album.

So you threw those letters in the hat.

Did he, did he protest at all or did he, was he willing to give you the hat for the cause?

Well, he said right beforehand, he went, me head is itchy.

Okay.

Me little head is itchy.

He had a little head or did he consider his head to be little?

He was, it was little for him.

The hat was huge, but this guy was what, 10 feet tall?

He was 10 feet tall.

So a little head for him would be about a normal sized head for us.

Yeah.

I suppose, I suppose that's true.

That is true.

So anyway, he, it's like we did him a service by taking this itchy hat off.

Sure.

How'd you get up there?

He's 10 feet tall.

Uh, well I stood on Paul's shoulders, still wasn't tall enough.

And I, uh, used his dick to grasp onto to pull myself up.

Okay.

So I was sort of a chin up kind of thing.

Yeah.

It was hard.

Yeah.

Oh, what the dick or?

Uh, it was difficult to do.

Right.

And the dick was softy.

I would argue that if the dick was hard.

It would have been easier.

It would have been a lot easier.

You could have just done like a, Like a thung, dung, dung, dung, dung, dung.

And I saw myself on people.

You could have, what you could have done is it was soft and you stand on it and you show him a porno magazine.

You're on top of his head all the time.

Oh, and then it flings you up.

Right?

Yeah.

It lifts your weight.

Like a catapult.

I did try to do that, but the porn I showed him was a little too racy for him.

Oh really?

And it, yeah.

It flung me up into the ceiling fan.

Oh no.

And I got whipped around.

Right.

And then you finally dropped down on that hat, took it off.

Did he ever scratch his head?

I mean, he did it.

He never scratched his head.

Strange story.

Yeah.

Very strange.

Okay.

So you threw those letters in a hat, you picked them out at random and then it spells dazzle me?

Well, we, we picked them out at random and then we wrote those on the board.

Sure.

Uh, on, we have a big chalkboard that runs the entire outside of our house.

Oh, okay.

Paul and I live in a house.

It's circular all around the outside of your house?

Right.

Exactly.

And I'll be honest with you, Scott, if this was another interview, if this was another show with some dipshit we didn't love and respect as much as we loved you, we would just skip this part of the story.

Sure.

Yeah.

Because we pulled out the letters and they said dazzle me.

We're getting the juice goose here.

What do you got?

The spruce noose.

So yeah, we have that chalkboard all around the house that Mike and I own.

And yeah, the circular chalkboard that covers the perimeter.

Essentially we spent most of our money on the chalkboard and there's not much house.

Right.

We could, what are we talking to one bedroom or a loft or we have bunk beds sitting kind of inside.

There is a roof now, which is good.

Oh, good.

Okay.

What about a floor?

Uh, nope.

No, I had it against it.

Yeah.

So the bunk beds is like suspended above a big hole or yeah.

Yeah.

Not on cable.

Yeah.

With cables.

Thank you.

Thank you, Mike.

So, uh, so we write the letters on this huge chalkboard.

Right.

All the way around our house and then we let our neighbors come along.

Who are your neighbors?

Uh, Bob Newhart.

Yep.

Bono.

We live, uh, across the mountain from, um, do you know Cher?

Yeah, no, I've heard of Cher.

Do you believe in...

Oh, hey, hey, babe.

What's up?

That's a good impression.

Hey, Shani.

He's actually doing it.

John, I don't know if you ever met Cher.

Yeah, I've met her before.

I was on set during that, uh...

Mamma Mia?

Yes, right.

What were you doing there?

I just stumbled upon it.

I said, are you in Greece?

What?

Were you in Greece?

No.

Not the musical.

I mean the country.

Yeah, I was.

Oh, okay.

I was in Greece.

Hey, John Travolta just walked in.

Yeah, I gotta go now.

I gotta go read a script for Grease 3.

Oh my God.

Whoa!

Hot breaking news!

You don't have someone to do that for you?

I'll roll up into the sky.

So, uh, uh, and what'd your neighbors say?

Uh, well, they're, they're all talented, you know.

We have Bob Newhart and Bono.

And different things, but yeah.

Yeah.

Yeah, one's, uh, Bob Newhart is so good at, uh, writing anthemic rock.

And Bono can do some really good one-sided phone calls.

Yeah, funny phone calls?

Yeah, yeah, he's funny.

But yeah, they, those two gentlemen come over and...

And don't forget Cher.

Oh, and Cher, I'm sorry, sorry.

Those two gentlemen and women, and we have them come and then we just have them go to sleep.

Yeah.

We have them go to sleep on those bunk beds.

On those bunk beds.

They go to sleep on the bunk beds, and then we, with the cables, we lift them up and down in the night.

Yeah.

Sometimes gently, sometimes rapidly.

Sure, with the strength of a bee.

Yeah, we have that bee there to help us.

I don't know.

I don't know how we do it without that bee.

Right.

And it's weird because he still comes over in the Seinfeld, like, body suit.

He does!

Yeah, we're like, you don't have to do that for us.

It's canceled already.

Yeah, I said that's why you're not making any, why you're not in any more shows, why you don't make movies anymore.

Yeah, why you're not in Comedians of Cars.

Yeah.

Yeah, boy.

I mean, this is kind of how we came up with a lot of our album.

Is it really?

It's a little different.

We used a cork board and pins and paper, that type of thing.

What about the album called The Beatles?

How'd you come up with that?

That was the same thing.

Same thing?

Just the letters?

Throw the letters in.

Well, we threw a bunch of bugs in a hat.

Oh, okay.

And then our neighbors came over.

Bono came over as well.

Bono came over.

Little baby Bono.

Right, little baby.

You know, he was telling us stories about how when he was a baby, he would come over.

No, what did he say?

Did he embarrass me?

You guys would get so frustrated that you were always pitching the album name Gagagugu.

Right.

Oh, yeah.

He was seven years old when The Beatles came out.

I just looked that up.

I didn't know that offhand.

Yeah, he was doing sort of a throwback thing.

To his earlier work.

Yeah, he went, "#TBT." So that, I mean, says it all about the new record, right?

Yep, that sums it up.

No, there's 15 songs, and I would say half of them, Mike and I wrote over the last like, two, three years.

And then the other half are songs that we wrote from the very beginning when we just first started.

What?

That's right.

And then, and then a half, of course.

Why did you never record them previous to now?

Well, we, other songs just, we wanted to record other songs more at those times.

Yeah, but now you want to record these more or just you're out of songs?

No, we got other songs.

We're recording.

We're creatively bankrupt, and we pulled songs back from, you know, during the W Bush era when we were really inspired.

Oh my god, remember the Hanging Chads?

Yeah, Mike, let's sing it right now.

One, two, three, four.

Hanging Chads!

Great!

I love it.

That's just the end.

That's just the very, very end of a 12-minute song.

So now you guys are going to play songs from this new record.

You're going to play live versions of these songs.

So when, when people hear you singing these songs, these aren't the polished album versions.

This is raw.

Uncut, in studio, in your face, non-stop, live.

And look, Mike and I, you know, we could go, I want to do a 12th take of that.

No way, man!

No, you guys are not going to stop.

You guys are just going to, I mean, that is the title of your, your band, Don't Stop or We'll Die.

Don't Stop or We'll Die.

And I'm glad Eddie Murphy came with us just to add a little extra rawness.

Yeah, of course.

Yeah.

And you guys all are dressed like him in that raw movie, in the leather and...

Yeah.

Yeah, it's all sweaty.

I know.

Eddie gave us these suits and it's a little sweaty.

And the purple dye is dyeing my ass.

Oh no, you're, you're, you have a purple ass?

I have a purple ass, Daddy.

Oh no.

But I see that it's dyeing it a lighter color of purple than it was before.

As I look at you and you all bring mirth to me, my heart, my ass is turning from purple to gray.

Thank you so much.

You're welcome.

That is so sweet.

I'm happy about it too.

Well guys, what do you say, uh, uh, why Terry, uh, any further?

Why don't we hear one of these songs?

Now this is a live, uh, you're, you're about to play a live version of one of the songs off the new record, Dazzle Me.

Is that correct?

Yes, it's a live version of a new song off of Dazzle Me.

And what is, uh, do we need to know anything about this song before we hear it or, uh, let's not even say the title.

Let's just hear it.

Let's just rock.

Although what track would this be on the record?

Ooh, I think this is a six maybe?

Okay.

I like it.

But yeah, it's, it's sort of like, um, uh, going into a greenhouse.

It's best to go in cold.

I don't know what that is referring to, but, um, You don't want to get too high.

You don't want to wear a sweater.

Okay.

Sure.

All right.

Shut up.

I don't care.

All right.

So, uh, put on your, uh, your bass and then Mike, you step behind the, uh, the piano keys.

Yeah.

You're going to radiate on the 88 over here.

I never heard that.

Here we go.

And this is don't stop or we'll die album in stores tomorrow.

Dazzle Me.

We're about to hear a live track.

Uh, guys, you ready to play?

Yeah.

Count us off Scott.

All right.

Uh, what, what numbers do you want me to use?

20 13, 65, five 65, 20, 13.

Walk into the office, pour myself some coffee.

Then I dump out all the coffee because I don't drink coffee.

I only drink juicy juice out of my semi cup.

Right.

I'm fine.

That's right.

I'm fine.

That's right.

I'm fine.

Don't you know?

That's right.

I'm fine.

That's right.

I'm fine.

That's right.

I'm fine.

They're selling the stock.

So buy them.

Launch the torpedoes.

Tell my wife I love her.

I sent my son to college.

I buried me in the desert in my ice.

That's right.

I'm fine.

That's right.

I'm fine.

That's right.

I'm fine.

Oh, don't you know?

That's right.

I'm fine.

That's right.

I'm fine.

That's right.

I'm fine.

Well, broccoli ain't too tasty at my fortune 500 company.

And nap time comes too early with those shareholders coming after me.

After me.

Yeah.

That's right.

I'm fine.

That's right.

I'm fine.

That's right.

I'm fine.

Oh, very good.

Very good.

Whew.

All right.

That was a hot one.

Oh, that is Don't Stop or We'll Die.

We need to take a break.

When we come back.

This is exciting.

We'll have an actor coming up on the show.

I'm gonna get my headshot ready.

Oh yeah.

Do you want to pass on your the actor could just watch like help or hard day's night or something?

I was terrible.

Those I wanted to see my news.

Oh, what's your new stuff?

My new stuff is just sort of musings.

I might go on a stage and muse about modern life.

It's like a one man show type of situation.

Like 700 Sundays or something.

There's a lot of people on stage, but I'm the only one talks.

Oh, okay.

A lot of BG.

A lot of yeah.

A lot of me just pushing people.

Okay, great.

When we come back, we will talk to John more about that.

We'll have more songs from Don't Stop or We'll Die and an actor.

We'll be right back with more Comedy Bang Bang.

Comedy Bang Bang, we are back here with John Lennon, musician of notes and actor.

Sometimes sometimes I forgot to say my catchphrase.

Oh, that's right.

Drums.

There it is.

Yeah.

A week ago it was drumstick.

Oh, because of Thanksgiving.

That's right.

Although you did you have any turkey?

Yeah, of course I had turkey.

So you left early from the parade.

Had a day at home, just kind of relaxing at the Dakota or in the RV.

Well, I split my time.

Wait, every day you try to spend 12 hours.

I split my time between the Dakota, the RV down on the street.

Right.

Okay.

So where did you have the turkey in the RV or in the Dakota?

Both.

I started it in the RV.

I cooked it there and ate it on the way up.

Why cook it in the RV?

Cook it in the hotel.

We also have Don't Stop or We'll Die.

Paul Rust.

Hello.

Hi.

Mike Cassidy.

Hello.

Hi.

And you sound a lot like Santa Claus there.

Oh, hey.

Not yet, Scott.

Not yet. I just get a little bit snuck out early.

It's not time yet.

Wait, I never considered the fact that Santa Claus might be a lot like the Hulk, where a human being turns into him.

Am I not to make you angry?

Oh, no, no.

I can.

I'm able to calm myself down.

Think about calm things.

Oh, my God.

A beautiful flying bird.

I honestly, I wish you were Santa Claus every day of the year, because then we would get presents every single.

We would never have to buy things.

Watch it, Scott.

Don't get me started.

You don't want to make him surly.

Surly?

You don't want to see him surly.

Don't see me surly.

We can't get me turning Santa-ing out.

Yeah.

We can't get me Santa-ing out.

Then I waste all my time banging Miss Claus and I get nothing done.

You're looking forward to the holidays, though?

Oh, yeah.

Yeah.

Oh, yes.

Me too.

Is that Mrs. Claus?

Who is it?

Yeah, I turned into Mrs. Claus.

Wait, so you bang him during holiday?

He's a her at the time that we're banging.

Yeah, so that's, yeah.

All's fair in love and war, I guess.

Oh, all's fair.

Speaking of fair, here's a gentleman whose complexion is a little bit fair, as he is a mixture of certain races that have fair complexions, I guess.

Is that safe to say?

That is definitely safe to say, Scott.

OK, great.

He is an actor and a, I guess, an impersonator.

Is that please welcome to the show, Keontu Reeves.

Thank you.

Thank you for having me, Scott.

Keontu.

Yeah, Keontu Reeves.

Is that your Christian name?

That is my Christian name.

I was born with that name.

Keontu.

And Reeves is also, your surname is also your given name?

Yes.

OK.

I was born with that name.

So, and let me guess, are you a Keontu Reeves impersonator?

That is correct, Scott.

And yet, and you were born with the name Keontu Reeves.

Amazing.

There's a serendipity.

Serendipity.

There's this idea called nominative determinism, which is just your name decides what you're going to do.

What you are.

Yes, exactly.

I mean, Paul Rust over here is stronger than steel.

And I spend a lot of time on the toilet.

Oh, because of John.

Yes.

I was trying to make the connection of linen.

Linen toilet paper.

That true.

OK.

It's because I like you sing into a mic.

Sometimes.

Not today.

It's every.

Yeah, no.

When you're hearing him sing, by the way, today, it's not into a mic.

Yeah, he's doing it very near your house, wherever you happen to be.

I run outside.

I'm much like Santa Claus of music, where I'll sing directly into every home that's listening every.

Right.

Yes.

So Keontu, welcome to the show.

Thank you for having me.

I just wanted to say I'm available for hire to go to a party or any sort of event.

As a guest?

As a guest or just to add a little spice to the.

Little spice.

Don't talk to him about spice.

Oh, because of Dune.

I wasn't going to say anything, Scott.

Thank you for pulling me back.

I was about to leap across and throttle this guy.

Yeah.

Please don't.

I won't.

Don't bring a slice then.

You want to keep your neck free from my fucking hands.

Don't bring a slice.

Okay.

We're all clear here.

Thank you very much.

All right.

Everything's cool here.

Everything is cool.

We're all cool.

It's cool.

Realize.

Okay.

Yeah.

It's just we, you know, he's been trying to read a book.

I think it's also when you get two sort of powerhouses in a room together, it's a little bit of like a big enough.

People trying to whip out their dicks and, you know, shoot with their pubes.

Yeah, exactly.

Exactly.

Yeah.

So Keanu, you always wanted to be a Keanu Reeves impersonator.

I mean, he's been on the scene since about 1987 or so.

How old are you?

I'm about 10 years older than him.

Oh, really?

Didn't know of him for a while.

And then when he got famous, it just felt right.

Cause I was kind of lost.

He's in his fifties, I believe.

So you're in 65.

You're 65.

Really?

Retirement age.

Yeah.

I wish I could retire, honestly.

What's stopping you?

Is it a money thing?

It's a money thing.

Just no financial security.

Yeah.

How much do you have saved up?

About $49.

Ooh, that's not a lot.

But you know, it's good.

I mean, I've been described as if Keanu Reeves was worse and I'll take that.

Yeah.

His name is mentioned.

Yeah.

And I'm in the same name.

Worse at what?

At acting or at just...

Generally everything.

He's in great shape.

I'm very not...

Yeah.

You're, I mean, you're, I don't like to comment on people's bodies.

I don't like to fat shame, certainly.

But when a person says I don't like to fat shame, that's kind of implying that the person that they're referring to is fat.

Yeah.

So...

They're also bleeding.

Yes.

I fell down on the way here.

Are you a hemophiliac?

Because I was really just going at it.

I, yeah, it's, it's...

That's not clotting.

Do you have any sort of gauze or anything?

Yeah.

I mean...

I've got some gauze here.

Yeah.

Oh, thank you so much.

Yeah.

Look, you know, I, I know I'm not going to be as successful as him, so I'm just here to pick up the scraps.

Sure.

Yeah.

I mean, scraps in what respect?

In...

Do you have any food lying around?

Oh, no, I, well, I don't think...

Do you have any food at all?

Or...

I just finished a salad.

There's some...

Yeah.

I just finished an eight-course meal, but I ate every bite of it.

Oh, okay.

Every single morsel.

You came in...

Yeah, every crumb.

That's totally fine.

Scott came in dabbing the corners of his mouth with the...

With dollar bills.

With the dollar bills.

Yeah.

Right.

Yeah.

Well, you know, maybe...

I'm a tycoon.

I don't know if you realize that about me.

Oh, nice.

Well, if you have any...

Did you see my monocle or...

Yes, it's...

Yeah, it's impressive.

Yeah.

If I got two of those and connected them, I'd really have some of them.

Pair of glasses going.

So, when you perform at parties, what do you do?

A man of your size...

Well, I come in, I stomp on in there.

Yeah.

Then I try to remember famous quotes from the movies.

Try to remember.

So you don't have them.

Well, what do you got on tap?

What do you got in the chamber right now?

You know, I got a welcome to the matrix.

Okay.

I remember...

Yeah.

His character wouldn't really even be welcoming people.

He's trying to keep people out of the matrix.

I'm not sure even the character that does...

Wouldn't say that says...

They're in the car and they're going through the doors.

Some kind of car, as I recall.

This is like one of those way homer things.

When he said it, I believed it.

And it wasn't only until after he immediately got done saying it that I was like...

Yeah, but at the time I was like, yeah, he's got it.

Usually parties are pretty loud and people are pretty forgiving.

And they can't really hear.

They're like, what'd you say?

And then I walk away and I'm off.

Wow.

You stomp away.

Yeah, I stomp on them.

You stomp on them.

What are you...

Any other quotes that you can remember?

I am a f'b'i agent.

A f'b'i agent?

I'm a f'b'i agent.

I think you're thinking of FBI.

Actually, are you talking...

Is this a point break reference?

Yes, point break.

Yeah.

He was in the FBI, which is the Federal Bureau of Investigation.

It's not a word.

It's a lot of people mistake it for a female booty inspector.

But it's actually Federal Bureau of Investigation.

Yeah, now you know.

Have you seen these movies or are you just going off the Wikipedia?

I mean, I'm going off the Wikipedia.

I've definitely at some point maybe saw them, but it's been a minute.

Yeah, it's been a while.

You also could look in the IMDb trivia page, I guess, or famous quotes.

They usually have those in there.

They don't usually have famous quotes on Wikipedia.

Sometimes I find those not perusable.

Like they're just sort of like weird scenes.

If it's too loud for people to hear you at the party, you could even just kind of play it on YouTube.

Hold it up in the kitchen.

Just play the actual point.

Point it in and then point it yourself.

Yeah, I wish I had a phone.

You don't have a phone.

Oh, okay.

Well, times are tough.

Yeah, maybe your job could be less of like a Keanu Reeves person.

Just more of a big fat AV guy who comes to your party and sets up...

Like a big fat smelly AV.

He doesn't look like Ace Ventura.

I kind of think he does.

The hair's there.

Yeah, flip up your hair for a second.

Whoa!

I was gonna say you barely look anything like Keanu Reeves, but you look exactly like Ace Ventura.

Right.

Keanu, you missed your calling.

I mean, he's not called Ace Ventura.

He wasn't born with the name Ace Ventura.

Unfortunately, he was born as Keanu Reeves.

Now, I'm curious.

You live here in Los Angeles.

Keanu Reeves lives here in Los Angeles.

Have you ever had a bump in with the man?

Yeah.

I mean, you know, I would imagine it's easy to bump into you.

You take up a lot of space.

I'm a big guy.

Yeah.

And I don't mean to fat shame you at all.

This is merely the reality of your situation.

Yeah, and I'm a klutz.

I'm just bumping into people all day.

Yeah, I would imagine.

You're like two of the funny police academy people.

Yeah.

You don't have a lot of dexterity, I would imagine.

You know, it's hard to kind of, you know, be agile with a body like that.

I have an inner ear thing, so I'm just...

Oh, you do?

Yeah.

Well, it has a lot of dexterity as a showtime.

That's right.

And Michael C. Hall?

Yeah, Michael C. Hall has a great gift of dexterity.

You also look a little like Michael C. Hall.

Yes.

Meets Ace Ventura.

I've heard that as well.

I have to say.

And it's a good meeting.

They like each other.

They're having a nice sit down.

They're like, let's work together.

Oh yeah, we gotta work together.

And that helps make sense that you're the size of two people.

Yes.

Also.

Yeah, exactly.

Because you're covering...

Almost split down the middle is what I was going to say.

Right.

You look like a full Ace Ventura on one side with two hands, two legs.

You know, Michael C. Hall.

Michael C. Hall.

Couple of races.

And your shirt is half of a Hawaiian shirt and half of a Dexter shirt.

Yeah.

Splattered with blood.

Classic Dexter shirt.

Oh, yeah.

To be honest, I was thinking of the other, the guy from a breakfast club.

John A. Michael.

John Hirsch.

Michael Hall.

Yes.

Anthony Michael Hall.

Michael Hall.

Yeah.

I've heard that I look like Anthony Michael Hall, though.

Well, you look like all the Halls.

Your neck.

Oh, yes.

Well, it's your floppy hair that looks so good when you flopped it up as Ace Ventura.

It's, you know, very Anthony Michael Hall-ish.

It's such a...

I mean, that must be hard for you that you were born with the name Keontu Reeves when your name is a Michael C. Ventura...

Yeah.

Vintertu.

Anthony.

Anthony Mike Tu Hall.

Yeah.

That's too bad.

Well, I mean, like, I thought about changing my name, but it just feels like not honoring myself.

Yeah.

Well, your family, too.

I mean, why did they name you that?

They just...

Does it have anything to do with these races that you're...

Yes.

They knew I was two races, and so they wanted to incorporate that somehow.

Which races, by the way?

I feel like we should be specific as to what you...

A little Japanese and a little white.

A little of both.

Yeah.

Like what, 10% of each?

10 or so percent, and then 80% just sort of a gray.

Just gray.

Well, like his butt.

Now that he's enjoying things.

Yeah.

Well, 80% of...

Yeah.

His butt is 80% of his body.

Yeah.

Yeah, that's true.

I mean, you are almost all butt.

Yeah.

I've said.

I was in my wife's wedding vows to be.

Oh, that's right.

John, what do you think about Keanu Reeves' work?

Have you seen any of his movies?

I mean, he was not on the scene when you were alive the first time.

No, no, but I'm pretty caught up on the John Wick series.

Are you?

When you say pretty caught up, there's two movies.

And I've seen them both.

You...

Okay.

You're 100% caught up.

I know that's a good way of putting it.

Do you remember any of the famous quotes from there?

Oh, he wasn't a big quote guy, but I guess it would be something like...

It was...

Suck my barrel, bitch.

And he would shoot a bunch of guys.

Exactly.

That kind of thing.

Because he was good at guns.

Yes.

I don't recall him saying things like that.

He was pretty stoic.

Oh, yeah.

Well, then he probably wouldn't say that at all.

I was out of the popcorn maker for most of that.

Oh, you were out making popcorn?

Yeah.

I always, a lot of the time, I've mentioned this on different appearances.

I've been like, when I see a movie, I get something...

You want popcorn.

Popcorn, and I'm gone, and I get so enthralled with how it works back there.

I jump over the counter and help him.

You do?

Really?

I miss a lot of the movie.

So you're just slinging popcorn back there.

Yeah, they said, do you want to get paid?

I said, no, no, thanks.

This is fun for me.

It's fun.

Yeah, you don't need money, by the way.

You're a...

I'm pretty good.

Yeah, this guy's loaded.

I say I'm pretty good.

When I go to the movies and try to save a buck or two, I get the kids meal, and that comes with popcorn, a small drink, and a little snack.

They'll sell that to anyone because legally you don't have to prove that you have a child.

Yeah.

I tried to do that.

Yeah.

And when they handed it to me, I turned into a little kid.

Oh, no.

I shrunk and my clothes got big on me.

A sequel to Big or something.

Yeah, that's what Gary Ross was there, and he said that to me.

What?

It's like a sequel to my movie, Big.

And how did you get back to your normal size, which is slightly bigger than when you were a child?

I fed Gary Ross carrots.

Oh, okay.

Yeah.

Made me feed him carrots.

All right, Paul.

I wonder how many movie theaters that guy's done that in.

I'm the director of Big.

Yeah, you want to feed me some carrots for the world?

So eat some carrots.

Hey, I saw you got some more.

Well, Keontu, I'm trying to think if I have any work for you coming up.

I mean, the Christmas parties are coming up.

I would imagine that I would love to attend or, you know, just attend.

Yeah.

Oh, wait.

No, I need money.

Yeah, you should probably work it.

Yeah.

You know, it's hard because I'd also like to be invited to parties for fun.

You don't have a lot of friends or not so many.

Yeah, really?

How many of you have to count on one hand yourself?

Can you count?

Not really.

Okay, then zero.

You should be a friend to yourself, but zero is the number.

Why do you find yourself to be such a recluse?

And well, I'm kind of a loner.

Are you?

You know, I would say you're the definition of a loner.

You have no friends.

Well, I heard that Keanu Reeves is sort of a loner, and I was trying to copy that.

Trying to emulate it.

Yeah.

And then when I found out, like, he probably does have some friends.

I think he does.

Yeah.

Oh, it was too late.

You know, I mean, you could have you ever tried to make friends with anyone?

I think when people find out I have zero friends, it's a little.

They don't want to be the first.

Yeah, it's like trying to have sex with a virgin.

It's like no one wants to be loaded situation.

Plus all the blood.

Oh, yeah.

Very similar to that.

By the way, any more gauze?

Yeah.

Do you have any more gauze here?

I've got a little bit, but I was hoping I could.

I'll rip my sleeve into strips.

I have one guy.

Anybody got a go see a star is born.

You'll see a couple of guys.

So, uh, well, I mean, you know, here's a guy over here, John Lennon.

He has one friend and then he goes and talks to college kids.

Maybe you guys could hit it off.

You know, I mean, you have a lot in common as far as I'm you're both entertainers.

Yeah, that's true.

I mean, he has an interest in the, uh, in people who are Asian.

That's true, too.

I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what I like you.

Can I say that without feeling like a fool?

You're really putting your heart out there.

I wanted to, I'm going to put a good word in with the, the, uh, parade Marshall for the Thanksgiving parade.

He needs friends.

Where are you doing that?

Who doesn't like someone who's in a parade?

I'll take anything I can get.

Make friends, you get paid.

They didn't like you in that parade very much.

I did things I wasn't supposed to do.

So wait, you think you putting in a good word?

I'll call up the chip goalie and.

Well, how often do you talk to this guy?

A lot, because it was, well, this past year was a lot of me getting on his back about getting me there.

Cause I had such a great idea.

Right.

And the idea was to be on a flat float.

Yeah, to do, uh, Eddie get you going.

Karaoke.

Okay, great.

But have an act ready.

I guess I'm sorry, Scott, to cut you off.

Don't show up not knowing what you're going to do.

Go ahead.

I guess I thought, I thought that maybe the two of you could be friends because you're both very kind of lonely, uh, uh, people who are, are, are, you know, not, not really very outgoing.

I'm sorry.

But you have one friend.

I'm not a lonely guy.

You really have the time of my life wherever I go.

Go my friend.

Can you just pretend his name is ring two star and just be friends?

Yeah.

Or maybe, maybe would you change your name to ring two star?

I got to honor my name.

Put on these glasses that are in the shape of stars.

These sunglasses.

Yeah.

And that's not bad.

I mean, he looks a lot like Ringo too.

Yep.

Let me ask you this.

He's sort of a chameleon.

Okay.

Let me just to sort of test this out.

Hey, uh, I let you borrow my guitar.

Can you, can I have that back?

I've been wanting to write a song.

What guitar?

Yeah, I don't think this is going to be too bad.

I already got one of them.

All right.

Well look, we need to take a break.

Are you guys ready to play another song?

Don't stop or we'll die.

Okay.

Um, now this is, let me guess, this is another song from the new album.

Dazzle me out tomorrow.

That's right.

You guessed it right.

Oh boy.

And this is a live version of it.

Uh, so if you hear any mistakes or any flubs, any clams, it's purely because we're human and we, you know, can't, uh, well, people spend, uh, hundreds of thousands of dollars on a vase because it's got a little bubble in it.

It's a little crack, a little imperfection.

Yeah.

People, I mean, they love that Banksy that just got shredded.

Yeah.

You guys, speaking of shredding, you guys, uh, are putting on your instruments right now and you guys are speaking to Banksy.

He's uh, he came with us.

Yeah.

You might want to take a look in your office at your wall.

You might, you just got Banksy'd.

Oh no.

All right.

So, uh, anything we need to know about this song?

You guys just want to launch right in.

Let's put your ears on it.

All right.

Let's put our ears on it.

This is don't stop or we'll die.

A new song from the album dazzle me out tomorrow.

Here we go guys.

I see you in the morning.

I see you acting strange.

There's something wrong.

I know it.

I just know it.

There's something wrong.

I know it.

I just know it.

Lily pad on your doorstep and a big smile on your face.

You kissed a frog.

I know it.

I just know it.

You kissed a frog.

I know it.

I just know it.

I'm not mad.

I'm just proud.

I've been trying to fuck that frog all summer.

And I'm not mad.

I'm just proud.

I'm so proud of you, baby.

Tap hole in the cradle.

I see he's got your eyes.

I wish you well.

You did it.

Yes, you did it.

I wish you well.

You did it.

Yes, you did it.

And I'm not mad.

I'm just proud.

I've been trying to fuck that frog all summer.

And I'm not mad.

I'm just proud.

I'm so proud of you, baby.

You're my dream girl from paradise.

The sun and my moon.

The stars in the sky.

Always looking down from the swamp above.

He's eating some flies, but he's giving you love.

They say it's gotta be that I set you free.

And if it's true love, you'll return to me.

Like the birds of the bees.

And the leaves in the trees.

In the breeze are the seeds of our fantasy.

A lily pad on your doorstep.

Oh wow.

Wow.

Hello.

Wow, very, that's very touching.

That got me going.

That's very, you guys are crying.

I mean, it's really, yeah.

Yeah.

I mean, our tears almost shorted out the equipment.

Yeah, that would have been a, yeah.

I mean, you could have gotten electrocuted.

Yeah, it would have just salt.

The salt from our tears seems to have taken Keanu's wound, healed his wound.

Oh my God.

I saw him shimmy underneath your tears.

That's okay.

He was rolling around in our puddle of the tears.

At that, uh, it's like the end of last crusade when Sean Connery's wound has turned into a gray nipple.

Which is sort of fizzed for a minute.

Well, let's go to a break.

When we come back, Don't Stop or We'll Die, we'll be back playing one last song.

We'll also have John Lennon, Keanu Reeves.

We'll be right back with more Comedy Bang Bang.

Comedy Bang Bang, we're back here.

Don't Stop or We'll Die.

The new album is Dazzle Me out tomorrow.

Just in Time for the Holidays.

Recorded, produced and engineered by Dan Molad and Amine Zarupian.

Who are those?

I've never heard of those people.

They're great.

They're great musicians.

I don't care.

Stars of rock and roll.

And we should say they're buddies.

They grew up and lived.

They grew up?

They grew up and lived with our drummer Harris Whittles, who we love very much and who the record is dedicated to.

To whom the record is dedicated.

God damn it.

Oh, oh, can we cut that?

Oh shit.

At it, point.

This is live.

God damn it.

You fucked it up.

Forget it.

Who drums on the record are?

Are there no drums?

Those very producers we just mentioned, Dan Molad and Amine Zarupian, they're also drummers.

What?

So yeah, Friends of Harris's were able to produce the record.

They also produced our previous record.

Yeah.

They also produced Gorgeous.

This is getting too complicated.

No, it's simpler.

They're the same guys.

And the first track we used a little drum recording that we had of Harris's.

Yeah, Harris's on the album.

Okay, okay.

This sounds like something I might enjoy.

Scott, we can give it to you for free though, man.

Yeah.

What?

Do you want a free Digi download?

Fuck yeah, I do, bro.

Are you giving it to anyone?

Just you, man.

Just you.

Just you, brah.

Just you.

Just you, brah.

I will say the sloppy boys didn't do that.

Well, we love the sloppy boys.

I still look at that thing in iTunes and I go 9.99?

Another time.

You have to find someone to borrow Spotify from.

Yeah.

Guy, you'll get over it.

Who did you borrow it from?

Ringo.

Oh, Ringo.

Oh, okay.

Of course.

My only friend.

Well, I'm sorry.

He is.

That hurt my feelings.

He is your only friend.

You could have had Ring too.

I tried.

We also have Keanu Reeves.

That's John Lennon, by the way.

Keanu Reeves is here.

Yes.

Friendless.

Does not have an album out.

No album.

No talent really to speak of, it seems.

Not really.

That's tough to hear when you say it.

You know, I'm very used to it.

You know, Keanu Reeves famously is in a band on the side.

Dog star.

And I famously tried to play drums in fourth grade and kind of petered out because I thought my drum teacher was weird.

Oh, what was weird about them?

I think he just didn't know how to teach drums.

Oh, how does it?

What do you think is a good method?

Probably not just drumming the whole lesson.

Yeah, I can see that.

Just kind of showing me what it looks like to play drums.

Yeah, yeah.

Anyway, I mean, you could just watch any music video.

Exactly.

Yeah, get the same amount.

I bought a bass and I was like, well, I want to learn how to play.

And I offered to the high school jazz band.

I was like, I'll play bass because I thought it'd help me learn.

And then I went for a lesson and the teacher was like, what if you played a trombone?

Oh, you'd have one of those sticks.

Yeah, you better watch out.

Those turkeys aren't really doing much these days.

He drank search.

What are they doing?

What are they up to?

They were turned into, well, let's just say they were turned into a Thanksgiving dinner.

Oh, the centerpiece.

Subsequently into poop.

Subsequently.

Yeah, maybe they are still floating around out there.

Who knows?

Oh, I've turned so much food into poop.

It's almost crazy.

Almost all of the food I've eaten has turned into poop.

Yeah, at least half for me.

Yeah.

So, Keanu, I mean, where do you live?

We haven't even talked about that.

You live here in Los Angeles?

Yes, I live in Los Angeles.

Keanu Reeves definitely has like a cool mansion somewhere on the east side.

Yeah.

And we don't know where.

We're not here to dox him.

Don't worry, Keanu.

We're not doxing you, Keanu.

And I'm just sort of in that neighborhood looking for him.

So you walk around or stomp around?

I'm sorry.

Yes, I stomp down the street.

People hear me coming.

And I think that's why I haven't seen him yet.

Yeah, yeah.

Oh, do you bellow the word Reevesy Reeves?

Yes.

I've heard him before.

That's what that sound was.

He bellows Reevesy Reeves looking for him.

Okay.

Yeah.

If you're ever on the east side.

People think it's a coyote when they got something.

Like one of those people who transports people over the border.

Yes.

They finally got him over the border.

Reevesy Reeves.

Get in the van.

Reevesy Reeves.

Is Keanu Reeves related to...

Ask him.

Chris.

Why are you looking at me?

Christopher Reeves.

That's my friend.

We do parties together.

You do.

And when I say friend, I mean, well, I wish we were friends.

He's cool.

I bet.

You're not related, obviously.

You're different.

Did he get into a similar accident just to really...

He wanted to honor the character.

Yeah.

Wow.

Yeah.

I heard about him, but he couldn't get a full horse.

So he just rode one of those little ponies around.

He rode a little...

He went to the Griffith Park little trails and the little ride for children.

He just jumped off.

Wow.

And it did the trick.

Did the trick.

Yeah.

Wow.

But yes, you were going to say something?

But yeah, he's great for parties.

So if you have any other needs for that...

He sounds good.

Yeah.

Just promoting other people.

These are jobs you should get.

That could have been your job.

Maybe if you only have the budget for one, I could just go to the party.

It sounds like someone would take this Reeves guy.

You're right.

Yeah.

What about...

Who am I thinking of with the name Reeves?

Perry Reeves or something from Entourage?

Is that someone?

Yeah.

Ari Goldswife?

Oh, is she the actress?

Yeah.

George Reeves.

I of course don't know that.

I had to look it up.

Sometimes I...

And I think it's Christopher Reeve, by the way.

Not Reeves, but...

George Reeves is who you're thinking of.

Do you do any work with Reeves Witherspoon?

Reeves Witherspoon, yes.

That's awesome.

That's like sometimes I will sell myself as Reeves Witherspoon.

Oh yeah.

Reeves Witherspoon.

And what do you do?

Do you do some of her famous quotes?

I do her famous quotes from Sweet Home Alabama.

We're in Alabama now, baby.

Yeah.

Or that one when she was arrested.

Don't you know who I am?

Don't you know?

Yeah.

And then...

That could work for a lot of celebrity impersonators.

I scream at people.

Don't you know who I am?

That would actually be good for a celebrity impersonators to just do their kind of angriest moments, like an Alec Baldwin just...

Yeah.

Oh, she introduced a phone call to his daughter.

That would be fun.

An apology.

Little pig guy.

I think that that should be a whole industry upon you.

You and an Alec Baldwin twin together.

I mean, this sounds like a great party.

I don't know.

This sounds like a party.

You bring Chris Twofer, those three guys.

Chris Twofer Reeves, Alec Baldwin.

Maybe when that Austin Powers bar kind of cycles over into something else, there's an Austin Powers bar in Glendale.

There is.

What?

But that's just Austin Powers themed.

What's it called?

It's Groovy Baby.

Yeah, something like that.

I know it's Groovy Baby, but what is it called?

Well, it is making me horny, baby.

I know it's making you horny, but what is it called?

It's making me wear black glasses, baby.

Sunglasses?

Oh, do you want these?

Black glasses.

Do you want these back?

Oh, oh, oh.

Hey, during those swinging 60s days, did you ever bump into old Austin?

You talking to me?

Yeah.

Of course I did.

Was that your Robert De Niro impression?

That's very good.

It was good.

Hey, are you talking to me?

Try him from Meet the Fockers.

Hey, I got nipples, Greg.

Fuck you.

That would have made it rated R.

That would have gotten things done in that movie instead of everyone running around like a bunch of fools the whole time.

That's what you look for in a movie, John, isn't it?

You want things all wrapped up in the next 15 minutes.

I got to get to the popcorn.

Greg, just say I fucked everything up.

Jinxy's gone.

I'm jealous of the blonde character.

So you ran into Austin Powers then?

Wait, who?

Owen Wilson?

Right.

Oh, I thought you meant Terry Paul.

Do you want Owen Wilson impression?

I've been known to.

What would that sound like?

Pretty good.

That was exceptional.

I can do Jinxy.

Okay.

If Owen Wilson was a cat.

Marley would be very jealous.

Don't worry about Marley.

Spoiler alert.

We don't have to worry about Marley.

Yeah, I guess Bob Marley and Marley are both dead.

Cool.

I hope they're in heaven together.

That's his name determined what he was going to be.

That's right.

Dead.

Yeah.

Wow.

And he was always Bobby.

Because like Marley's ghost.

Yes.

Yeah.

Interesting.

For apples.

Anyone named Marley is going to wind up dead eventually.

Wow.

Marley's ghost.

Yeah.

Yep.

I said it approximately 60 seconds ago.

Well, and Bob Marley.

You're just thinking about Christmas now, aren't you?

Oh, Christmas.

Goose.

What are we going to eat this year?

Cranberry sauce.

We're going to eat stuffing.

What are you guys doing for Christmas?

I waiting page with any presents.

Getting fucked over here.

Yeah.

Getting just rammed and then ramming.

Doing ramming.

All right.

And waiting patiently for my present.

Okay.

What about you?

Any party bookings?

You know, no party bookings yet or.

Not a lot of Christmas parties on Christmas day.

So you alone in LA this Christmas?

Yeah.

Just kind of by myself and Los Angeles.

Guys, come over here for a second.

Not you, Keanu.

No, no.

Oh, Keanu.

No.

Guys, I feel bad for Keanu.

Why?

Oh, because he's alone and it's all day is coming up.

Hello, John.

Hello.

This is the last Monday of November, but December is just right around the corner.

Literally.

We gotta give this guy some holiday cheer.

What are we going to do?

Maybe we could, I don't know, put a little tinsel on his arms.

Yeah.

To stop that bleeding because it started back up again.

Yeah.

Just a little bit because.

Right.

If I go through the trash for the scars.

No, you don't have to.

Oh, we have tinsel.

What?

It's right here in a special gift wrap just for you.

Let me see.

My own tinsel just for me?

Just for you.

For my arms and a list.

Please wrap it around your arms.

You may want to do it really tight as to cut off circulation to that arm.

And here's a here's a printed list in big font of all the best Keanu Reeves quotes.

Whoa.

You went and did that.

It's laminated so you can bleed all over it.

Commercial break.

Yeah, I wrote it up and I laminated it so you can get it all sloppy.

Keanu, do you read some of those quotes?

Yeah.

I know Kung Fu.

That's a real quote.

It's an actual quote.

That's also Chris Farley quote, by the way, from Beverly Hills Ninja.

Hey, you kind of look like Chris Farley.

Put your hair.

Hold on.

Yeah.

Put on this Luke Skywalker costume.

You look just like the Beverly Hills Ninja.

Wow.

I just never thought about how that sort of.

Oh my God.

Yeah.

Take it off.

You look like Chris Farley in the Chippendale sketch.

This little tie?

Yeah.

You look.

Yeah.

Oh, this little tie?

This little tie.

Don't be coy.

Wow.

Well, this is amazing.

Keanu, I think you have your tinsel now and nothing else.

It's a real holiday miracle.

I mean, I'm alone, but I'll have this tinsel.

It feels like a friend.

Yeah, you've got all that tinsel on it.

Can you hold these two sort of glowing orbs here in your head?

Sure.

These orbs?

Yeah.

These two glowing orbs.

Put this star on top of your head.

Yeah.

Okay.

Can you do it?

I'm holding the orb.

Do you mind standing in the corner?

Wow.

This corner over here?

Can I get a few gifts underneath?

Just for a minute.

It looks like you might be Keanu Tree Reeves.

Whoa.

Wait, did you say Keanu Three?

Keanu Three?

Whoa.

Hey, we're saying whoa like Keanu Reeves does.

Whoa.

Wow.

It's a Christmas miracle.

Just to be sure.

None of us want to hang out with him, right?

No, we're just gonna leave him in the corner.

Okay, great.

All right.

Should I stay here?

Please stay here.

Yeah.

Throughout all of 2019.

Great.

Yeah.

I mean, is this a job?

I mean, sort of a job.

I mean, it's kind of an unpaid internship.

I won't ask you to leave.

Sure.

We won't be coming back in this room again for months.

Okay.

Well, yeah.

I mean, I'll do it.

All right.

Great.

And you can't sit down if you're tired of something.

No, no, no.

My legs are shaking a little bit, but I'll just try.

We'll know if you sit.

If you sit, we'll know.

You will be so in so much fucking trouble.

If you sit.

Look, we did this fucking Christmas miracle, and if you fucking sit your little buns down, you're gonna wreck it all.

You wanna ask those buns?

You're out of here, hun.

We're gonna spank your buns.

All right, guys.

Well, it truly is a pre-Christmas miracle.

We only have one thing left to do on the show, and that is a little something called Plugs.

Plugs?

Like electrical plugs?

Wow, that was Lplugs by Better Atoms.

Like Better Atoms.

That's a good band.

Yeah.

Got me on my feet.

Yeah, it really did.

You guys were floating.

It was very strange.

Got me off my feet.

Yeah.

You were floating two feet off the ground.

I think he detected a touch of Buster Poindexter in that.

Oh, he did more than touch it.

He molested it fully.

I was Better Atoms.

Actor David Johansson?

Yeah, of course.

From Scrooged.

Speaking of Christmas miracles.

Yes.

Like the taxi driver.

That's right.

By the way, speaking of taxi driver, don't do your impression anymore.

I don't.

I do one a day.

All right.

Speaking of one a day, I'll give you one plug, everyone.

Don't Stop Or We'll Die.

What do you choose to plug?

Well, I think we already mentioned the album coming out tomorrow.

That's right.

Right.

Dazzle me.

On Tuesday, the 27th of November.

And your back catalog is still available as well.

Yeah, that's all on iTunes.

And we have a live show, our album release show at the satellite for anyone in SoCal.

Oh.

SoCal.

What city is this in?

This is in Silver Lake in Los Angeles, neighborhood of Los Angeles.

That shows on Tuesday, December 4th at the satellite.

You should check it out.

We're playing.

We'll have Kate Berlant.

We'll have the Sloppy Boys.

Oh, the aforementioned Sloppy Boys.

You might want to show up to that, Scott.

You can talk to him about getting that CD.

I don't.

Don't you agree?

$9.99 on iTunes is a little steeper.

Hey, these guys are new into it.

For what?

Going along with.

Just for the general, like, you know, like, say it.

If I had $9.99, it's a short record.

Okay.

You know, the songs are generally shorter than other.

Maybe if you sit the CD on the ground, it's what?

Maybe five milliliters off the ground.

We still send leaders.

Damn it.

That was so worth it.

And how do people get tickets for that show?

You go to the satellites website, man.

Yeah.

Satellite.

Yeah.

Right.

And you can listen to the record the week before and commit it to memory and heart.

Learn all the words and sing along and then get up on stage and we'll go home.

You can sing up.

You can sing the show, but careful.

If you get on stage, you will be covered in flower.

We're going to cook.

Yeah.

This is a trap.

Yeah.

We put you in a cauldron and the people in the cauldron go.

Oh, nice jacuzzi.

Just like a Hansel and Gretel situation.

That's right.

They're like, why are you putting slice and carrots and potatoes in my jacuzzi?

I think I know who that audience member is.

And I think he used to run a late night show.

Uh huh.

Chase cauldron.

This kissy kitty reminds me of my fair track.

Yeah, just reminds me of Carmen.

Do you have anything to plug?

Yeah.

Don't sit.

Don't sit down.

Oh, sorry.

Sorry.

Yeah.

Okay.

I'll just power through.

There's this show called Adam ruins everything that is coming out again.

On TBS or something like that.

Or true TV.

That gets us very confused.

The T, right?

Yeah.

I get those two in a T-Rex confused.

Yes.

Yeah.

One time I was running for my life.

I was like, wait a minute.

I just turned on the TV.

Very funny, right?

But Jurassic park was on.

You're not a total idiot.

So that's coming back soon.

Yeah.

That'll be great.

Yeah.

Okay.

Great.

Okay.

You don't have to plug anything else.

Don't don't get nervous.

That's good.

And John Lennon, what are you plugging?

Well, you know what?

I'm coming out with another series of questions for Lennon.

Oh, that was the, uh, the podcast sensation over there on Stitcher premium.

Stitcher.

Right.

People email in the questions and I give them advice with the guests.

I was on one of them.

You were great on it.

Yeah.

That was a fun show.

We helped a lot of people.

I get a lot of emails from those people.

Yeah.

And you helped me.

My life is better.

They don't stop emailing me.

I say, I got it.

Good.

Fine.

Any more questions?

Nope.

Just doing well.

Good for you.

I'm going to block you out of my life.

Thank you.

So that's, that'll be coming out in new year.

We don't have a set date.

Okay.

But I think early in the new year, early in the new year.

Very good.

Early in 2019.

Oh yeah.

2019 long and lean.

Okay.

Great.

I want to plug, uh, the PCAST blast, uh, 2019 coming up.

Very exciting.

Uh, we have, let's, let's run it down.

We have comedy bang bang with myself, Paul F.

Tompkins and Lauren Lapkus plus many other special guests.

Uh, we have the Andy daily pilot podcast project and, uh, I've spoken to Andy.

He's got something very cool planned.

Uh, we also have dough boys throwing shade off book, the improvised musical and teachers lounge, all of that on one day.

And for one ticket gets you to see all of those at the theater at the ACE hotel here in Los Angeles.

That is Saturday, December 15th.

You do not want to miss this show.

Uh, I think it's going to be a really fun one this year.

Some really great shows, uh, go head over to the ACE hotel website to get tickets.

Also.

Um, you can still continue to vote for your favorite comedy, bang, bang episodes of 2018.

Uh, head over to earwolf.com and vote for your episodes.

We're tallying them up very soon.

So this one is not eligible.

This is the first one eligible for next year.

Yeah.

So don't forget this one next year.

First one eligible, always win.

Uh, I don't know.

I mean, we have the first one eligible of this year was, uh, the, uh, uh, late November episode with Neil Patrick Harris, which was a great episode.

So, uh, from there to our Conan O'Brien episode last week, you can vote for, so a vote for your 10 favorites and we'll see what, uh, what wins at the end of the year.

All right, let's close up the old plug bag.

Whoa, what a bag.

It's time to open it.

It's time to open the bag.

It's time to open up.

All right.

Just one more month of that until we change it.

All right.

Uh, guys, I want to thank you a key on to good luck.

Uh, please just continue to hang out over here throughout the rest of the year.

Not sit.

Uh, John, uh, always great to see you come back more often.

I don't know where you've been.

I just been around.

Oh, sort of a question sort of came up in the middle of this podcast.

I didn't answer question from linen.

No.

Yeah, that's a first.

Somebody asked me if I met, uh, Austin powers.

Yes, I did.

Where we took a crumpet making class in London.

Okay.

Great.

Okay, cool.

Thank you for that.

Very cool.

Very chill.

Thanks for every of the moment.

You know what I mean?

Yeah.

Was he horny?

No, we were just cooking together.

Just two private lessons.

Just the two of us.

And he never got horny.

Not at all.

No, no, no.

You checked.

Did he make you horny?

He didn't make me horny.

I didn't make him horny.

Just a couple of guys make it.

Learn how to make crumpets.

And you were as you were cooking kind of two orbs.

A woman walks behind you, right?

As you were kind of holding up the ingredients, holding up melons and.

Yep.

Like a naked man.

Yeah.

He said, Johnny leaned in.

He said, John, you're not going to believe this.

I said, then don't tell me.

And we just kept on.

Yeah.

Okay.

That saves time.

Very good.

Don't stop or we'll die.

Thank you so much for being back.

God, thank you.

We love you, Scott.

Thanks for having us.

But do you have one more song?

I would love to hear another one.

One more.

We could kick it out with one more song.

Yeah.

One more arrow in our quiver.

Yeah, of course.

All right.

This is off the new album, Dazzle Me in stores tomorrow and on all digital services, streaming, et cetera.

This is don't stop or we'll die.

You guys ready?

Don't stop or we'll die.

Here we go.

It's just another Friday night.

I'm eating tacos with my wife.

We're talking cheddar, pepper, sour cream.

She's a real Chattanooga taco machine.

And she loves her husband.

It's just another Sunday night.

I'm eating tacos with my wife.

We're talking cheddar, pepper, sour cream.

She's a real Chattanooga taco machine.

And she loves her husband.

Scott, Scott, come on.

Sing along.

Scott, sing along.

I don't know.

I don't know this song.

Mike, I think I know what you're going to play.

All right.

Yeah, you're going to do it.

I've learned to slam on the break.

Before I even turn the key.

Before I make the mistake.

Before I lead with the worst of me.

Give them no reason to stare.

No slipping up if you slip away.

So I've got nothing to share.

No, I've got nothing to say.

Step out, step out of the sun.

If you keep getting burned.

Step out, step out of the sun.

Because you've learned.

On the outside, always looking in.

Will I ever be more than I've always been?

Because I'm tap, tap, tapping on the glass.

Waving through a window.

I try to speak, but nobody can hear.

So I wait around for an answer to appear.

While I watch, watch, watching people pass.

Waving through a window.

Can anybody see?

Is anybody waving back at me?

It's just another Tuesday night.

I mean, time goes with my wife.

We're talking chair, pepper, fruit, sour cream.

She's a real Japanese girl.

She's a fussy and she loves, loves, loves, loves her husband.

Oh, very good.

That was beautiful.

I had to get in there.

Beautiful, beautiful ska, wonderful pipes.

It was, it was the best performance of our band's history.

I mean, you guys wrote that, so I had to sing it.

We wrote every lick of that.

Yep.

All right, we'll see you next time.

Thanks.

Bye.
