♪♪ If you're a lonely spider who feels like an outsider, then have some wor-worm friends.

Oh, I thought it said warm-warm friends.

No, it's worm friends.

OK, this makes more sense.

If you're a lonely spider who feels like an outsider, then have some worm friends over for the fire pie and spider cider.

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

Yeah, that's a lot.

I don't know why I picked that one.

It had a lot of words and I didn't read it beforehand.

And there it is.

Thank you, though, to the sad no, Labus the sad prince.

What does that mean?

Labus the sad prince for that catchphrase submission.

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang for another week, another episode.

And what an episode it is.

Coming up a little later on the show, we have an advisor.

Wow. That sounds amazing.

Maybe I'll get some advice or maybe he's here to give advice to other people, not including me.

And also a little later, we'll have a girlfriend.

That's weird. A girlfriend.

All right. Well, sure.

That's coming up later in the show.

My name's Scott Aukerman.

Welcome to the show.

And returning to the show, a returning champion, some might say.

Oh, they are champions crowned in the Bang Bang.

Yes, we do. We crown a champion at the end of the show.

So in your previous episode that you were on, we did not give you an award.

Is that correct? I received zero certificates.

OK, well, unfortunately, maybe you didn't do all that well.

Perfect. However, though, now you are returning, which makes you a champion.

Oh, thank you. You weren't a champion before and are returning.

I am so excited. You have returned and thus that makes you a champion.

Yeah, as a German, we can't really accept awards.

So any kind of positive distinctions is part of the contract.

So I know you're you're fully able to give out a lot of negativity.

And yes, yes, we exude it and then we direct it towards ourselves. Right.

And that's just how it works.

You know him from such things as his comedy.

You know him. I believe I saw him on Homeland.

Did I not see you on Homeland?

I was also there's a traitor chose just in the Koolukaleg.

To look like I used to live right next to it.

Oh, yes. From nine to nine thirty every morning, I get the go raw trail mix.

Two packages. So I've seen you there many times.

Why not buy in bulk and then you wouldn't have to go every day.

Cardiovascular exercise is very important, Mr.

Ockman. That is your only cardiovascular exercise is going to and from Trader Joe's.

I burned the calories since I ate them and repeat like the shampoo.

So you're staying neutral.

Yes. You you burn enough calories for that trail mix and then you eat it off.

It is like the stock market is a zero sum calorie game. Yes.

You're playing the stock market wrong, by the way.

But we do want to introduce you.

You've also seen him in the Pitch Perfect films or one of them.

I can't recall. I think only one only one. Number two. Is that right?

Yeah, perhaps. Perhaps I have not.

I don't know. You've done so much in your career.

You barely remember it. I don't watch anything.

I have really. You've never watched any of your performance.

I don't watch anybody's of anything.

I just don't watch anyone's performance.

I'm busy. You've never seen movies or TV. No, no, no.

I watch plays primarily in northern Bavaria.

And then I once participated in a sexy contest in northern Franconia.

You participated. Yeah, I did.

How did and were you were a returning champion there?

No, I placed three. Oh, OK.

Yeah. Once the bronze sexy.

What did and we'll introduce you in a moment.

What did you have to do in order to participate in this competition?

Was it first of all, what did you have to do to entry entry to enter? Yeah.

And what did you have to do whilst you were in the competition?

You have to have an occupation.

And so they're like, what is your occupation?

And then I said, I'm a hype man.

And so then I did hype man, a local library in Erlangen is my hometown.

OK. And so I did pump everybody up very hard with some Beastie Boys. OK.

And this is how I was accepted into the contest.

And to whom were you hyping?

Normally, a hype man is an accessory, right?

Yeah. Part of a part of a team. Am I right? This is correct.

Yeah. I recruited two senior citizen females who were in a continuing education class of Spanish, and they were renting some books.

And so I said, may I hype you into the library, please?

They were renting the books. They were renting the books.

I was renting them as my hype.

That's not the typical library situation.

Normally you just borrow them. It was odd.

Yeah. Everyone did not understand what was happening.

They just erected a library and thought that they should rent out the book.

Yes, everyone was erect and we filmed it. And then. Oh, well.

So that's what you did for the competition.

Yes. Returning to the show, Flula is here. Hello, Flula.

Welcome. Welcome back. Thank you very much.

You're wearing a famous monster's T-shirt, of which there is one monster, I believe, by the name of Godzilla. Yeah, Godzilla. Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Yeah. He is the most close to the dinosaur triceratops.

I could not find my triceratops T-shirt, so I'm wearing this.

You couldn't find it, really? No. Yeah. OK, that's too bad.

And he I believe he has a subway car in his mouth.

Yeah, he's munching on trains. That's how big he is.

See, when you when you show a picture of Godzilla, you need to show something that shows how big he is for scale.

Yeah, sometimes a nickel or perhaps a dime.

Yeah, that would be a scene.

Now, normally I see a picture of Godzilla.

He has a tiny nickel by his toe.

So smart, you know, but then where is the rest of body?

This is a large T-shirt you're wearing. Right. Exactly.

Yeah. How have you been? It's so good to see you back.

I'm very good. My blood pressure is a normal range. OK, great.

I have been exercising very much.

I have recently I started a podcast called Boom Time. Boom Time. Yes.

That is your one of one of your catchphrases. Am I right?

Boom time?

Yeah. Well, boom, is it always?

I scream it and then I like to say like what time is it is boom time. Right.

You know, and is that primarily what happens on the podcast?

Most people I say what time is it?

And then if they are incorrect, we continue until they say boom time.

And then we do an ad read and then we are finished.

So this is about two minutes long, depending on if they get it or not.

You can be surprised.

There are some people at 45 minutes.

We have a podcast. It's lots of guessing.

And you're one of Germany's great comedians.

Is that is that correct?

Nobody knows. I did not know that people thought I was a comic person.

So nobody knows.

You just put your stuff out there.

You don't know if people think it's funny, if people think it's serious.

Yeah, I have a reggae album.

Some people said best album ever.

Other people wrote. Just send me doodoo, you know, so like if you don't know.

Right. What will happen?

And you were out there opening for or not opening for Conan O'Brien, but you're his disc jockey.

Is that correct? That's correct. Yeah.

Conan O'Brien, host of Conan Needs a Friend, an earwolf podcast.

OK, sure. Yes. Free drop.

Yeah, he needs a little more advertising.

He does. I'm his DJ and just like to open the show to and explain to people how pumped up they must be before Conan enters.

And how pumped up should they be?

It should be so. Your ears.

Have you heard of tinnitus? Yes.

You should develop it.

Just that particular evening.

Yes. Before Conan is entered, you need to feel like a big.

That's how pumped up people need to be for Conan.

Absolute. Really? And that helps his performance or.

I don't know. This is just my job.

Yeah. Has has his performance changed based based upon how you perform your tasks?

I think so. But also, I am clueless, so I'm just happy if I don't expire and if Conan is excited.

I would like to see you in a remake of Clueless.

Speaking of that, I would love to see Alicia Silverstone role.

Oh, will we do this? Yes, let's do this.

I will start growing my hairs.

Which one's your beard or? Oh, no, the top.

Oh, OK. The top. Yeah, the top follicles.

OK. And then how many can you grow?

Let's see. We got the top top.

We got the right under the nose there.

Two of those. We got the chinny chin chin and the nippies and the nippies. Right.

Yeah. The now down below those don't grow.

No, I say that. Oh, OK.

Always. Always. Yeah.

Yeah. As you say, airport, you know. Yes. The landing strip.

Oh, what? Yeah. OK.

You have a little Brazilian.

Well, I'm like Chicago's.

There's O'Hare and Midway, so I have two.

Yeah. So the podcast is Boomtime.

And who who appears on this program?

What type of guest do you have?

Do you have a community activist?

Like sometimes I have listen to my guest today.

Advisor and girlfriend.

These are the type of thing that you have on your show.

This is vague.

Are these like illegal aliens?

Why? I don't know why they're hiding what they do and their identity.

I don't understand.

I'm excited and afraid to meet them.

And on Boomtime, we have any normal guests like Edward Helms.

If you've heard of this person and.

Yes, I know Ed Helms.

I do know. Yes, I said I I like to. OK, Ed.

Yeah, Ed is way I'm a little more familiar with him, I think.

I went to see one of his movies and they called him Ed.

And it was sort of like, oh, yeah, call me Ed.

Oh, implicit in that.

It's like potato.

Yes. Got it. Also, very strange Olympians.

Nick Simmons, who was Olympian and also can run the beer mile, which is a real event, a beer mile, you are chugging many beers, four beers in one mile. This is not you have to do four in one mile.

Every point to five miles, you must chug it the beer.

You have to chug it before you can continue.

You must chug it before you can lug it. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.

I've heard of Lickit before you kick it, but chug it before you lug it.

Yes, this is a new one.

And so by the end of one mile.

Yeah, you've drank four beers.

How many miles is it? Just one?

It's one. And it is.

He has his record is seven minutes. Seven minutes. That's not bad.

I can run a mile in about 20 or so.

So, yeah. Yeah, that's pretty under below average.

I'm not drinking the beers during that.

Yeah. So maybe it would give me a little wind beneath my wings.

Exactly. Some chariots of fire.

Yeah, exactly. And is there could they also have a competition of how many beers one could drink while running a mile?

How many beers could it be a chug chug if a truck could run?

Yes, exactly. Yeah. Yeah, exactly.

I could be that could be a separate competition.

They could run side by side.

Someone could be trying to do it fast while drinking for.

The other person could just be like as fast as I can go, as many as I go.

By the end of the mile, if I drink 20, then I win.

Vomit loses. No matter how fast or slow I go.

I like this very much.

It could take all night.

Any days, any nights, all the fortnight's.

I'll play this. Yes. Yeah.

Let me know when this has happened.

If this is a podcast, I will start it as well.

And so you talk to these people on the show and they it's a conversational show.

Much like this one, we're having a conversation right now.

Yes, we are conversing so deep and hard.

And I do this also with my guests.

I ask questions that I perhaps they have not heard before.

Oh, really? Like what?

Well, it's usually the sentence structure that they have not heard before, because as a German person, it's a little backwards.

The syntax is a little.

They hear a subject.

They don't know where is the predicate.

They must wait minutes.

So it can be confusing.

It can be very confusing. But that's part of the fun.

Absolutely.

And I'm super excited all the time.

I like I've never seen you in a bad mood.

Yeah, it does not exist. Right.

You just wake up this way. Is that right?

I do. I scream boom time and then I go.

I put on pantaloons and I do it.

So is that I and if you're out there and you're wondering, how do I get in a good mood for the day?

Because a lot of people like today is a Monday. Yeah.

You know, you you open your weary eyes.

It's like, oh, fuck, the whole week is about to start.

If you just scream boom time. Yeah.

That gets you up right immediately improves your heart rate.

You feel very good.

And if you think a bad thought, well, then just pee on it.

Very good. See, this is you have such a wonderful a point of view, a POV, as I like to say.

Yeah, P.P.O.V. Yes. Yeah. Yeah.

And do you have any tips for the you know, a lot of people listen to this show trying to get into a better mood.

We have a fun, just lighthearted show.

You have tips for people out there, for people struggling with mental health.

Yeah, I think scream into a pillow and an assist does not work.

Scream into two pillows and it just adjust the pillow number.

Yeah, yeah. Increase your pillows.

And then it says you might find your pillow number.

It's about it for some people. It might be five.

Yeah. And some people feel 15. Right.

Don't know. Yeah, exactly. We have no idea.

But that's at some point you're going to find your pillow number and you'll feel great. And then you can scream.

And if this pillows don't work, then scream at real life people on the street for no reason.

Sure. I think I've seen some people using this method.

Oh, yes, absolutely. Franklin and Hillhurst. Yes.

Yeah. Yes.

Well, Flula, you're a wonderful, just a ray of sunshine.

Oh, do you get sunshine in Germany?

We do, but I hate it, which is why I've written a techno song called Clouds, Why Are You Hiding?, which I wrote when I moved to Los Angeles.

Usually the clouds are hiding the sun, but you see the opposite.

Yeah, because why? The sun is just you.

As you can see, I'm a honkytonk pale person.

Yes, you are. You and I are having a pale off right now.

Oh, I am winning so hard.

We're yeah. Yeah, we're in the Paley Festival right now.

That's correct. Yes.

And what how what has your life been like?

You now live here in Los Angeles.

What has it been an adjustment for you?

Yes, I'm very confused by the traffic that are so deep.

There are no there's not a lot of traffic in Germany or just everyone's on a moped.

We have mopeds, we have cycles.

And now but now they're like, oh, we have solved it in America.

We have the bird, the bird scooter.

I saw one of those by my house the other day.

I was like, what the fuck is this doing here?

I like you see them in urban areas.

But by my house. Right.

You know, a weird. Oh, yes.

Well, you just you just left it there.

How? Yeah, they just pooped them out.

It's just you just like drive wherever you want to go.

And you just toss it off to the side of the street. It's ridiculous.

I do not like that.

We're going to be walking around.

There's just like scooters lying everywhere.

I didn't sign up for that.

I agree with this so hard, Mr.

Orkman. So but has it been an adjustment for you?

I mean, it's the land of sunshine.

I do not like the weather.

Yeah, because here in Los Angeles, there is no weather does not shift.

You know, there are no four seasons like the pizza.

It's just one season and it's just too bright, too bright, like big city.

And I need some.

Imagine just having cheese pizza all your life.

Who is wanting this? Yeah, exactly.

Yeah. Give me some pepperoni.

It took me a second to understand what you just said.

But yeah, once once I did.

Well, we say salami.

So I have to always switch when I say salami people like what is this?

Was it the exact same thing?

Salami and pepperoni or do you have what we call salami on pizzas?

We only say salami.

And when I say that one is like, you mean the shan salaam running back from the Colorado buffaloes?

Everyone, that's a common mistake to make.

No salami like the pork meat's delicious.

So now I say pepperoni.

OK, now you say pepperoni.

Yeah. So that's been the biggest adjustment for you.

Yes, absolute. Yeah.

You know, you knew this when you saw me in the face.

You're like, oh, this guy.

Yeah, meat based confusion.

Absolute. Well, Flula, it's always wonderful to have you on the show.

This is your second time.

How many do you think you'll eventually do?

Two point four. OK, yeah, we'll have you back and kick you out.

Yeah, about four tenths of the way through.

Four tenths, I'm out.

And Larry Fourtenthske.

Exactly. Yeah.

Well, tell you what, you can stick around.

Why don't we you and I, you're the host of a podcast.

I'm the host of a podcast.

Let's co-host this podcast.

Stop the presses.

You know, you don't have to be like Conan's hype man with me.

You can just be like an equal.

We're we're peers.

I don't think it's allowed yet.

I'm very happy to be subverted by you.

Just to be there to support you with those hands, you know, on the dove as they.

OK, I don't know what you're doing with your hands.

Sorry, I was like when they throw it to throw the doves, like in a wedding or the ravens going to Winterfell to tell everyone.

Oh, OK. Yeah, that's a more common reference than doves at a show.

OK, sorry. Yeah.

People don't really throw the doves at weddings anymore.

That used to be a big thing.

It's on. Wu killed it. Yeah, exactly.

Now they're like, oh, it's a cliche.

Yeah, stop it. Oh, please.

That's like, you know, late nineties.

Wu. Exactly.

Unlike Wu Tang, 25 years, 36 Chambers.

What? What? Oh, have you thought about that?

John Wu and the Wu Tang clan were popular around the same time.

Why have they not created like the perfect something together?

Yeah, the John Wu Tang clan.

Yes, the perfect tormento.

All dirty bastards, some doves, Inspector Deck, Rayquan, Ghostface, killer and more doves.

Yes. All right.

Well, I want you to get in here.

I want you to ask as many questions as I ask.

But by the end of the show, I want there to be an equal number of questions.

We'll tally them up.

Someone take a tally.

If you could take a tally of every question asked.

And I want there to be an equal number betwixt the two of us.

Is this real or are you like being a Kentucky waitress who's like, hey, y'all have so much sweetie?

But really, you're like, leave me alone.

I want to stay in the back and check my Sudoku puzzles.

I'm a little like the waitress.

I got to admit. So I would be 25 percent.

OK, great. Perfect.

All right. Well, let's get to our first guest.

I mean, you're our first guest, but I consider you to be a peer and a co-host.

So but not really. But you've said it.

But not really. I want you at like 25 percent.

And I will accept. All right.

So let's get to our first or really second guest.

He is an adviser.

Oh, the aforementioned adviser.

And he's wearing a hoodie.

And this is very exciting.

Please welcome to the show.

Oh, this is interesting.

Sprig the Whisperer.

Hello, Scott.

Hello. You said that so creepily.

Hello, Flula. Hello, Mr.

Whisperer. Let me correct you.

It's Sprague the Whisperer.

Sprague? Yes.

How is that spelled? S.

You can go faster.

Hold on. Hold on.

OK, let me get this S down.

All right. And got it. P.

OK, well, I. OK, hold on.

Hold on. I am almost locked in and got it.

Ah, I said a H.

No, no, it's S.

B. Ah, are OK.

A, a G, G, U, U, E.

Oh, OK. Sprague, Sprague, Sprague, the Whisperer.

That's right.

And I thought you were wearing a hoodie, but you're not.

What is this? This is a cloak.

This is a cloak.

This is what a cloak is.

And how do you spell that?

C. OK. No, no, no, not K.

Sorry. C, C, C.

L. L. Got it.

O, A, K.

K, of course. Yes, that's how you spell cloak.

I'd always wondered.

I really hope this doesn't turn into a spelling bee.

Because that would not be good for Sprague.

Try not to say any huge words.

That's true. I may test you on.

That's true.

Well, I'm here just to advise Scott.

Just to advise? Yes, I want to advise.

What does that mean?

An advisor throughout the years, Scott.

I've whispered into the ears of very important men.

OK. And women or men?

Mostly men.

Well, actually, no, that's not true.

Half women, half men, half women.

So equal and equal amount of women and an equal amount of men.

Absolutely equal.

That's very wonderful of you.

It's true.

Just to be clear, you're not speaking about someone with both janitors.

No. Well, I have an equal amount of those as well.

OK, so wait.

It's so you can give me up the number of people into whose ears you've whispered.

Yes.

One third men, one third women, one third hermaphrodites.

Third miscellaneous.

Got it. Anything.

Anything goes at this point.

Now, Scott, of course, I am here to whisper.

Of course. To you, Mr. Achaman.

Oh, my gosh.

You do you find me important?

Is that well, of course, Scott, you host a podcast.

Oh, well, so does Flula here.

So you host a podcast as well.

Yes, but only 25 percent as cool as.

Oh, OK. OK, well, I can work with that as well.

OK, OK.

But you are going to have to find two more women if you whisper into both of our ears.

Two more women and two more miscellaneous.

I actually have the time already done, though I'm catching up.

Oh, OK. You've already got the women.

Who were the women?

Anne Hathaway.

Oh, wow. Can you spell that for me?

OK, I can't believe.

I believe it's a n n e.

I think so. I think so.

H a w a.

I think there may be an errant w in there.

Whatever, Scott.

I'm not a speller.

I'm an advisor.

Oh, OK.

And I have some advice for you, Scott.

You have some advice for me?

Yes, because I whispering.

Well, well, you shouldn't be whispering because I'm spraying the whisk.

OK, so I should just be talking for a full volume.

OK, but I worry that if I talk at this volume, you're going to be forced to come up to me.

To my. Well, that's fine.

OK, so wait.

I thought this is your whole thing.

Well, whisper.

Well, we speak. It's also it's whispering.

I do. It's fun, but also I'm really just telling you what to do with your career.

Oh, I see.

It does not need to be literally.

No, it doesn't.

OK, so this is career based.

This is well, Scott.

I have some career based advice for you.

You do. OK, hit me with it.

Scott, have you heard of the franchise Three Ninjas?

So three ninjas.

Yes, Scott.

I believe is this not children's?

This is three children who are, I believe, raised by Pat and taught karate.

And they had a really interesting it was just karate based career.

It was not him. OK.

And quite honestly, it's racist that I thought it was.

OK. Oh, spray someone else.

It's someone else.

But Scott, I want you to get the rights to this film to get the rights to it.

Do you know who originally held the right?

No, you might have to speak with your maybe new line or maybe new line, I believe.

And then I want you to reboot it.

Scott, reboot it.

Yes. Why not?

The continuation with the three kids now as adults of three adult ninjas.

That was the that was the pitch.

That's not a reboot.

That's just no, that's a sequel.

Really a late sequel.

Well, I guess you could reboot it with you with the same actors if they're grown up.

I also thought, you know, they're grown up and then they also have kids of their own.

Scott, what three?

There's six ninjas, six ninjas.

So, yes, Scott.

Wait, what am I doing in this?

You're writing the spec, of course.

I'm writing it on spec.

Yes, Scott.

Even if I buy the rights, I then have to write it on spec.

It's like I have a question.

Of course. What's in it for you, Mr.

Vispero? Ten percent, of course.

Wait a minute. Wait, wait, wait, wait a minute.

Are you just an agent?

No, Scott.

I'm a producing manager.

Oh, no.

Oh, wait a minute.

What what what management company are you with?

Mosaic, Scott.

You're with Mosaic?

Yes. Oh, man.

Wait, I have to I have to have you, Scott.

Oh, this is just a pitch for me to to leave my own manager and go sign with you.

Well, Scott, I'm not just a manager.

I'm also a Whisperer, Scott.

Yeah, OK.

Let me just say, Scott, I would advise you to sign with me because these days podcast hosts are dropping like flies.

Oh, my gosh. That's very ominous.

What do you mean?

I'm trying to think of any.

Well, you know, nerdiest that I guess ended.

I mean, it's not OK.

It's a network, you know, sort of with that very dicey territory right now.

A lot of the podcast, you know, they went elsewhere.

OK. Yeah. But what else?

Doughboys is doing pretty good.

Now you're just naming ones that are doing well.

Yes. You know, I advise doughboys to do a Patreon, Scott.

Oh, that's of course, they do very well for themselves, even though they hide the number.

They don't let anyone see the numbers because it's getting too embarrassingly big.

And that was my whisper, Scott.

How dare you, Scott?

Now, of course, I know you're UTA fam, of course.

Of course. Yes, I am at UTA.

But I have a great relationship. Spell that, by the way.

Can you spell? Oh, yes, of course.

Oh, you. You. OK.

T. T. Great.

A. A. Uh huh.

OK. F. F.

A. UTAFA.

UTAFA. Oh, oh, it's to my UTAF.

Oh yeah, M. M. M. Yes, of course.

Yes. Now UTAF.

Yes, Scott, I have a great relationship with UTA, you know.

OK, but why?

I'm just saying, Scott.

All right. All right. I have some more whispers for you, Scott.

OK. What about have you heard of the franchise?

Surf Ninja.

I smell a theme a little bit.

I are you can I ask you a question?

Are you interested in ninja based movies or do you do very well in four quadrants?

Scott, they do well.

OK, they do well with adults, with kids.

Kids, dogs, dogs and miscellaneous.

I know.

Wait, how many dogs do you whisper to?

Oh, I whisper to many dogs.

I whisper to the dog from Marlowe and me.

What about Blahblah the dog?

Oh, Marlowe and me.

That's the alternate title to Ebonuser Scrooge.

Yes, of course.

I thought that was the W.I.O. reboot.

But yes, I got Marlowe.

Those those those they have to fall.

They don't you know, they play by they don't play by the rules.

This game is rigged.

What are you talking about?

That's the they say the W.I.O. Scott.

Now, of course, Scott, the Surf Ninja franchise.

You like the W.I.O. and you like ninja based.

Yes, I watch the W.I.O.

I really pitch mostly ninja based content.

OK, so Scott.

Yeah, Surf Ninja's great movie.

Rob Schneider.

I don't recall.

OK, Rob Schneider was one of the ninjas.

He was one of the ninjas.

Yes.

Remember when he was a movie star?

Yes.

Crazy.

It was insane.

I mean, you look at like, OK, Trump's president.

That's crazy enough.

But there was like a 10 year period that Rob Schneider was starring in movies.

He did a gigolo movie.

He was the freaking star of that.

He was in Judge Dredd, I think, or he did one where he played like a white woman.

Remember it.

Crazy.

Just crazy.

I would not have whispered that, Scott.

So you don't represent Rob Schneider.

Oh, no.

Can you see the mistakes his career?

I would have never.

OK, so but you who else was in the Surf Ninjas?

Well, surfing ninjas, surf ninjas.

We have the race, Eddie Reyes Jr..

I don't recall him.

The father of Eddie Reyes.

Oh, got it.

Got it.

Yes, of course.

Now, Scott, if you haven't seen this movie, why am I pitching it to you?

You know, I know my clients, you know.

What are you asking me if I haven't seen it?

Why are you doing it?

I have that question myself.

Why?

I could, of course, pivot.

Scott, I could be with something else.

Scott, what other ninja there was a Chris Farley ninja movie.

Oh, yes.

Beverly Hill.

They just would you like to reboot that, Scott?

I can take you to a part.

I know a few guys over at Foddy and I just switch accents.

Scott, yes.

Frank, where are you from?

I'm just curious.

I am from a place long, long ago.

Sorry, I'm not asking time.

What time are you from?

We're like literally location.

I am from Tampa, Florida.

OK, Tampa, Florida.

And how long ago did you live there?

10 years ago.

So you moved out here.

You became a manager.

I'm not just a manager, Scott.

You're producing manager.

Also a producing manager.

Also a whisperer.

And you own the rights, let me guess, to child ninjas.

Surf ninjas, three ninjas, Beverly Hills ninja, American ninja.

American ninja?

American ninja warrior?

Is that what that is?

That's a TV show.

So you don't own the rights to that?

No, Scott.

But I could get you a meeting maybe with them if you'd like.

Is that something you want?

To be a contestant?

No, Scott.

I can help you in any way, Scott.

Come on over.

I don't think I have a good manager.

Flula, are you looking for a manager right now?

I think I'm solid.

But I do very much love you.

Sprig, I have a question for you, actually.

Of course.

Sprig, was there ever a time in your life where you mis-whispered?

Yes.

You mis-purred?

I mis-paired, Scott.

No, that's Flula.

I see that.

I know.

But I only- My name is just so much in whatever accent you're doing.

It's easier to say, Scott.

It does sound cool to say, Scott.

It's almost as if it's my favorite thing to say.

So you mis-purred to who?

I've of course mis-purred to Kevin James Scott.

Oh.

Yes.

Wade, in the whatever show that is that he had?

Yes, Kevin Can Wait, Scott.

Kevin Can Wait.

Big mistake.

Now, the title's not bad.

Not bad, but I was the one that advised him to kill off his wife.

No, not Erin Hayes, friend of the show.

She's a friend of the show, friend of, you know, me and J- I love Erin, would love to work with her.

Right, but you whispered, hey.

I whispered, hey, write her off the show.

Bring back the old hits.

And of course, there was a backlash, Scott.

Not only write her off, but kill her off.

Kill her off.

And then make an off-color joke about it.

In the most gruesome way possible.

Yes, they were eye-pitched that they'd cut her head off like the end of season one of Game of Thrones.

Like the ISIS videos?

Well, no, that's where you went.

Jesus Christ.

That was dark, Scott.

God, at least the Game of Thrones thing had some class.

At least it was fictional.

It was fictional, Scott, with some integrity.

Jesus.

Wait, so you're upset at how they were shot at the DP in the ISIS videos?

Of course.

Well, it did just- no cuts at all.

No, thank you.

Well, one cut, but yes.

Oh, well, Flula.

Well, that's not, you know, Flula.

That was pretty funny.

Thank you, Sprague.

That was actually- Maybe you could pivot over to him.

Yes, that was actually incredible.

Flula, are you represented right now?

Yes.

You are?

Yes.

My parents, I'm a child.

I'm a child.

They're my managers since I was a child.

So you were a child actor, Flula?

I didn't know.

What were you in when you were a child?

I was at a DJ show.

It's like, play that one more time, is what it was called in English.

Oh, where you had to play songs twice?

Yeah, Spiemel ist normal, is what it was called.

And if you didn't play it twice, then you were- You're fired.

So I always played it two times.

They called me two times Flula.

So you were pretty good on the show.

I did.

I hit repeat, and we did it.

Wow.

Yeah, yeah.

Was that an automated thing that you could just, like, say repeat track?

Well, I can say it now because the show is off the air.

So yes, I just copy paste twice and hit play once.

Ah ha, smart, smart.

Those other fools, they're sitting there after the song ends just going like, what do I do?

What do I do?

Meanwhile, I'm urinating.

Yeah.

Very clever, Flula.

Thank you.

What if we rebooted this?

We could do it.

It was a very local third channel in Germany, as a Zu Bayernfernsee.

So the rights.

Oh, they are open.

And what have you put on this ninja costume?

Wait, you have a ninja costume with you?

Yes, of course.

Put on this ninja costume.

This is any size.

Yes, it's any size.

You pull the thing.

There you go.

It's fluorescent yellow.

I like this.

This is perfect for a rave fight.

Yes, of course.

We will reboot this show as a ninja show.

OK.

Why are you laughing maniacally?

What?

You're laughing maniacally.

He hasn't agreed to it.

He hasn't even put on the costume.

Wait, oh, wait.

You just put on the costume.

I didn't.

I just touched.

It's like venom.

I just touched it.

And now I'm wearing it.

Yes.

What kind of costume is this?

It's a magic costume.

Magic?

Yes, I got it from this costume shop.

Magic with a Q at the end.

Oh, OK.

Oh, Majic.

Yes, there is.

Majic.

Studio City.

OK, how do you spell that?

A.

Got it.

A.

G.

Oh, the G.

Yes, I.

I.

And then the Q.

Here's where the Q comes in.

The Q comes in at the end.

Oh, so no U-E. It's just Majic.

Just Q.

Majic.

I like those.

Of course.

Now, look, by the end of this show, I'm sure we'll be able to work something out.

I'll sign the both of you.

I'll package you and put you, maybe get you a universal writing deal.

With the studio universal or just like?

Yes, with the studio.

Or with the universe.

No, with the studio.

OK.

I mean, you know, get you in there, get you on the lot.

You know, I mean, I like the lot.

One of those bungalows?

Maybe a bungalow.

There's some mid-season shows.

Maybe pick you up on one of those.

You know.

I don't know that I want to do.

You don't want to do this, Scott?

Go.

You can go staff up on a mid-season show.

I have other stuff going on.

You could be a consulting producer, Scott.

I mean, I know it's good money.

Look at this on my, look at this suit.

Don't you want to see the sweat?

Would we would I have to dress like a ninja?

It's be part of the contract, Scott.

What is universal want with me dressing like a ninja?

They need one ninja writing team.

We have to do it as a team.

That's just a scam where they pay for two people to split the check.

But you'd only work three days a week, Scott.

Oh, if we could get it down to two.

And do we work the same days or?

No, you can split whichever days, you know, if you have to work.

See, this is how they do it.

They get us in there for four days a week and pay us as one writer.

You know, and then you can work on your own pilot, you know, whatever.

Yeah, but it's then you never get your own thing going because you're too busy working on someone else's show.

I will have a let's set up a meeting with you, UTA fam.

We'll have a two day.

I'll bring my parents.

It would be great.

Yeah.

Wait, they could co-manage you, the parents?

And I think we can set something up, Scott.

We can co-manage. I whisper they manage.

Right. And how much are you getting?

I'm still I'm going to probably still take 10 percent.

Oh, OK.

So whatever they do, I don't care.

But we have to settle up on my end.

I'm suddenly very agreeable now that I'm wearing this suit.

So just put on the suit.

It's I don't want to put on you.

Do you have another suit? Do you?

Oh, my God. You have another.

I don't want to put on the suit.

Pink. Yes.

Scott, put on the ninja suit.

I don't think I want.

Oh, my God. I just touched it. Now it's on me.

That's right. Scott.

Oh, my God. That's right.

It's skin tight.

That is super tight.

That is showing everything.

That's exactly what we need in the righteous room.

Oh, hey. Well, hold on in this climate.

It's true. We can't do this kind of thing.

We need ninja representation in the righteous room.

OK. All right. I don't know.

I guess we could do this.

Let's do this.

If we hug, we'll form some kind of sherbet.

All right. All right.

Let's hug and then see what happens.

Perfect.

Oh, my God.

Now you're definitely splitting a check because I think we're splitting organs to our bodies have combined.

I think when you do this, how you get the miscellaneous clients?

Yes.

Caught.

All right.

Look, so dirty.

We need to take a break.

I need to try to get this ninja suit off.

Yes, I need to talk to my assistant.

But yes, go ahead.

Roll some calls while we're on break.

All right. Look, we're going to take a break.

We'll be right back with more Flula, more Sprague the Whisperer, and we'll have a girlfriend after this.

That's very exciting.

We'll be right back with more comedy.

Bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang.

We are back.

Flula is here with us.

Where can people find you have a YouTube?

Is that is that right?

I just a channel or something.

You can just Google my name like you have a flu in Los Angeles, F.L.

Ula and things will appear Instagrams a podcast.

If you put a space in between it will like flu shots.

Opportunities come up for you.

Then health options.

Great. Yeah.

You could also get in on those.

Maybe I have tried reserving the domain name flu dot la.

It is fifteen thousand dollars.

Oh, OK. Yeah.

No. Yeah.

Although our other guests here could work out a deal for that.

Maybe Sprague the way.

Yes. Set that up. Yes.

Two thirty.

Oh, he's he's taken off the cloak, by the way.

He's just a guy.

OK. All right.

He's just a guy in a suit.

He's just on the phone.

Talk to their manager and then we'll have the meeting.

OK. Anyway, he's rolling.

Sorry. That's OK.

Are we back? Yeah.

Sorry. Oh, you have to put the cloak back on.

The cloak?

Yeah. No, it's not.

I mean, I don't think it's having the intended effect.

I've got a lunch at two thirty.

OK, that's we'll get you out by then.

Don't worry.

We need to get to our next guest.

She is a girlfriend.

I don't have any other information other than that, but let's try to divine some information from her, please.

Please welcome to the show Kayla Dickey.

Hi. Hi, Kayla.

Yeah. Hi. Hi.

My name's Kayla Dickey.

Oh, yes, it is. Hi.

This is Flula. Hello, Kayla.

This is Sprague.

Hi. Hello.

What's your last name?

Sprague? The Whisper.

No, what's your what's your last name from Florida?

Oh, Jansen.

Jansen. Sprague Jansen.

Sprague Jansen. OK.

Yes, but people, you know, I subject Sprague the Whisper.

You do? Yes.

It's fine. Keep going.

All right. We can keep going.

Yes. Thank you.

Kayla, it's so nice to meet you.

I'm Scott. Yeah, nice to meet you.

I'm just here because my boyfriend, he just bought a big truck.

Oh, oh, cool.

Wow. That's great.

So we're pretty pumped about the truck.

Oh, OK, cool.

You're you're on the show in order to talk about the truck.

Yeah, we're talking about your boyfriend.

We're pretty pumped about the truck and we're just letting everybody know about the truck.

Oh, OK. What what what kind of truck?

What color is it?

You want to know what color?

Yeah, let's let's figure out make model in color.

Yeah, it's red.

And it's a Ford Rockhard 250.

OK, Ford Rockhard.

Rockhard 250. Incredible.

So it's it's really exciting.

And we've you know, we got the whole neighborhood to come over and check out the truck.

And people are we're getting a really great response because it's just so big.

It's super big.

OK, it's a big truck.

It's a bigger than a normal truck.

Yeah, it's one of the biggest trucks.

It's one of the biggest trucks on the market.

Yeah, hands down.

The biggest truck. And it's so big.

And, you know, we've been decorating it inside.

So we've got a lot of his like flat brims, kind of flat brims.

Is that what you said?

Yeah, his flat brim hat.

Flat, flat brim hats.

Yeah. So we've got his flat brims kind of just like taped up and stapled up around like the interior of the. Oh, OK, that's cool.

And then we've got a little shelf with all of his DVDs.

So he likes to display his DVDs.

This sounds huge.

Can you play DVDs in this truck?

Yeah, there's a couple of TVs.

There's a couple of TVs.

It's just so big, you guys.

It's it's so big.

And it makes him feel so big.

So it's exciting.

It's very exciting for you.

So you're here to promote the truck?

The truck.

Well, yeah, and we're just we're pumped about it.

We're pumped about it.

Right. Sprague has a question.

Where is your boyfriend right now?

My boyfriend's in the truck.

He's waiting for me.

He's got the truck running outside.

Is he parked out? Oh, he's he's.

It's running. Yeah, it's running.

Yeah. OK, well, yeah.

During the entirety of the show.

Yeah, that's as far as I know, these types of trucks are gas guzzlers.

Yes. Yeah.

We fill up multiple times a day.

And hey, wow. Yeah.

And it's just for me, it's like it's such a big truck and he's got such a small dick and it's just like so it's exciting.

Hold on right now.

What did you second thing you said?

You said, yeah, out of the three things you said, it's heaven.

You guys, it's heaven.

No, no, no. I think the other thing I think maybe we're mixing up the order.

The second thing you said, the you said big.

You said it's a big truck.

And then you said something and then you said it's very exciting.

It's a big truck.

Right. Small dick.

And it's just that's the one that's the one that was tripping me up.

The that way.

Yeah, he has a like, you know, I for me, like I'm already seeing this confidence level change.

And he's just a new guy.

It's just it's that's amazing.

It's so exciting.

So you he has a smaller than average penis or.

Yeah, it's a small dick.

It's small. How can I mean, can we talk about how how small are we?

I don't know. What's small when it comes to penises?

You know, like a dice, like a like a like a Monopoly die, like for Yahtzee, like two dice on top of each other.

Just the one single single die.

Yeah, you said squares.

That's that's really fucked up.

It's just like a like a dice.

Like, wow. Like a just like he's rolling snake eyes or have you ever played balderdash?

Yes. With the words.

I'm not remembering balderdash.

How do you play balderdash?

It's a wonderful game.

Yeah. Maybe you could tell us the rules.

Oh, it's like you have a word.

It's like flange dee dunk.

And you must everyone must say, what is the definition of flange dee dunk?

Oh, OK. And then you invented you invented.

Oh, OK. This sounds fun.

Yeah. So I don't think that they have dice with that game.

But if they did, it would be the size of his dick.

Oh, I got it. Got it.

So two two on top of each other, probably.

Is that what we're talking about?

Just the single one, just one cube.

So we're just pumped about the truck.

And I just want to make sure you guys understand, like, just how big it is.

And yeah, kind of like when we were driving over, you know, a lot of people were honking and he was he was speeding, which makes me feel safe and taken care of.

And OK, OK.

So this truck is almost womb like.

Anyway, and we were playing on the way over.

We had Orange County, the movie playing.

Oh, great. We got some out colds going.

How much of out colds did you get going?

Most of most of it.

Most on the way over. Do you guys live far away?

Because you've mentioned two movies.

Colorado, Colorado.

OK, so you took the truck all the way out here.

Yeah, we made the trip.

Great. What is Out Cold?

What is this? It's a really good movie about a ski town.

Yeah, I believe Zach Alphanakis is in it.

It's his breakout film.

Yeah, yeah.

OK, it's really good.

And he's just got like Boondock Saints.

He's got Boondock Saints in there as well.

He's got Boondock Saints.

He's got.

I was a consulting producer on Boondock Saints.

You were!

It's Greg Jensen.

That's true.

What a very true check my IMDB.

So it's in the shape of a cube?

His dick?

Yeah.

Or it's just is that length?

It's it looks like.

Is it?

That's why I say it just looks exactly like it.

Is it is it is it as wide as it is tall?

It's I'm not here to talk about the deck.

Oh, you're not.

I'm so sorry.

I don't know why we're getting hung up on that.

Well, let's talk about the truck.

That was the right description, I guess.

Right. OK, let's talk about the truck.

So it's any other features in the in the truck or.

Well, the wheels are so big.

Like I come up to like half of a wheel.

You come up to how?

Yeah, you are, but you're a little on the petite side.

I'm four foot.

You're four foot.

Yeah, I didn't want to say so.

These are like eight foot wheels.

So the wheels are eight foot.

Those are really big.

So then if you think about monster, this is this in competitions or does this crush other cars?

He's a baker.

He works at Bicton Montrose Bicton Montrose.

Yeah.

So he bakes just like different kinds of stuff.

And then does he have to do any kind of novelty cakes, any kind of sex cakes where he has like no penises on it or why are you guys so obsessed with dicks?

I'm here to talk about I'm here to talk about the truck.

I'm just if he's surrounded by giant penises at work, that would also tend to lend.

No, he's got his boys there.

And there's definitely like, you know, like that chef culture.

You know that.

Sure.

I've heard about Materi Mario.

But I was going to say Materio.

But Materi, Bali.

Yeah.

People like this?

Bitali.

What did you say?

Sprig?

Bitali.

Yes.

So the chef culture is very masculine.

Yeah.

And for him, it was kind of emasculating because he had a big truck before.

He did.

But what truck was this that he had before?

He had a Ford Rockhard 150.

150.

OK.

And now he has the 250.

So before, everyone was kind of giving him a hard time about it.

And.

Wasn't big enough.

Yeah.

And a lot of the girls where I work were like, what's the deal with you guys?

And I was like, I don't know.

Like, I don't know how long this is going to last.

Oh.

And then he got the big truck and we were like, OK.

Like, he got the big truck.

And I'm like, well, now I know it's going to last.

OK.

So since it is shaped like a cube, are there dimples on it like a dice?

Like are there numbers?

Like is there two dots on one corner?

I guess there would be the tip of it would have the one dot, probably.

And then is there five and six?

And I guess, well, the six would be on the opposite end.

So we would never see that.

I mean, it's not smooth.

It's not smooth if that's what the question is.

It's, yeah, some skin condition.

Yeah.

And it's got.

Pockmarks.

I mean, I want to say it does the job.

Which job does it do?

It does the job.

Which job is this?

You want to say it, but it doesn't.

Yeah.

It's, you know, like for our relationship, it does the job.

And that's, I guess, what's important right now.

But the more important thing is the truck.

Right.

Yes.

You've had relationship problems until now.

What were the primary problems within your relationship?

So he's just always at the bakery or in the truck.

And for me, it's like, where is this going?

Because I work.

I work at the bridal shop.

Yeah, where do you work?

You work at the bridal shop, you said?

I work at David's Bridal, the one by the big lots, not the one on Main Street.

We're not from Colorado.

We don't really know.

These are specific references that we don't know.

I've been there.

You have multiple times.

Of course.

So then you know the one on the Main Street is.

Yes, the one on the big lots, yes, of course.

OK, thanks, Frank.

That's correct.

Well, yeah, that's really lucky for you.

I wanted to chime in.

Yes.

So you know that one's the bad one.

Yes, of course.

So I work at the bad one.

Oh, you work at the bad one.

What constitutes the bad one?

It's a bad part of town or not as good as the other one?

It's not as good.

We don't find anyone a dress.

Oh, really?

Yeah.

You're unsuccessful.

Yeah.

Yeah, but the girls there, I love the girls.

Your co-workers or the customers?

The co-workers, my girls.

So my girls are always talking about when you guys get married, all that kind of stuff.

Yeah.

How long have you been dating?

What's this gentleman's name, by the way?

Cart.

Cart?

How do you spell that?

I'm asking Sprague.

Yeah.

C.

Yes.

A.

I'm guessing R. And then T.

Is that right on the money?

All right.

Congratulations, Sprague.

Like the shopping cart.

Oh, nice.

Good key word.

So cart is this gentleman's name.

And how long have you been together?

Seven and a half years.

Seven and a half.

So really, I mean, if you add up all of your sexual experiences, that's like having sex with one big-dicked guy.

That's true.

Yeah, eventually, yeah.

Wow.

Eventually, you got there.

That's small.

OK.

Can I ask, is there a 350?

Oh, for?

Yeah.

Well, I think there's the 150.

There's the 150, there's the 250.

And then does it go to the 350?

Because you asked where is this going, and I thought it's probably going to the 350.

So yeah, it's rumored that that's going to come out in the spring.

But we haven't heard.

That's off schedule for cars as well.

Also, it's rumored on the message boards, probably.

So it's rumored, just on Facebook and stuff.

OK, do you think he's going to?

Pop the question?

Yeah.

Yeah, sure.

Sure.

I did want to know.

You know, for me, everywhere that we go with the big truck, I'm like, this could be it, this could be it.

Because he'll park the truck, and we'll just set up shop.

So we'll drive up, you guys know, the Jed Webe Trail?

Maybe Sprague does.

I've heard of it, but I've never been there.

Jed Webe, OK.

Yeah.

Jed Webe.

Who's Jed Webe?

Jed Webe is, he was the mayor of Montrose before the big fire.

Oh, and then what happened?

The big fire happened, and they tossed him out?

And made a trail?

Well, he started the fire.

He started the fire?

Oh, I didn't know.

Oh.

Oh, so the opposite of Billie Jean.

He left a curling iron on, and he started the fire.

He left a curl?

What was he curling?

His hairs.

The ones on top?

And below.

All of it.

He was just curling.

His leg hair and stuff.

Anything goes with him.

So he started the fire, and then they were like, you've got to get out of town.

And he's like, I'm not leaving.

OK.

And then I'm trying to get to the trail.

Yeah, me too.

How did he name a trail?

So he ran up the trail, and everyone was like, he's rumored to be up there.

And where did they rumor this?

On the message boards as well?

On Facebook.

And so they were like, he's up there.

So every time we go up, we're like, where is he, where is he?

OK, no one's ever found this guy.

So we go up.

Some sort of a hermit who may be living in a cave on this trail somewhere, curling his hairs.

He's just, he never came back.

He never came back.

He went up there, and no one's ever heard a sound or a peep.

When was this?

Seven and a half years ago.

Seven and a half.

So that was right when me and Cart got together.

Hold on, can I ask you a question?

Yeah.

Is this gentleman that you're talking about, did you have any sort of relationship with him?

Jed Weeby?

Jed Weeby.

So I was Jed Weeby's assistant at the courthouse.

Oh, got it.

At the courthouse.

Because he's the mayor.

He was the mayor.

He was the mayor, right.

And you were his assistant just at the courthouse?

Just at the courthouse.

So he had different assistants for different locations.

Yeah, so.

That sounds like a good idea.

It does.

You could use one of that.

You could use an assistant right now.

So some of my other girls.

You're eyeing your phone right now.

I've got emails.

Let's just keep going.

All right, Sprague.

So hold on.

Hold on.

So some of my other girls were some of his other assistants.

So my girl, Cassie, my girl, Megan, my girl, Tosh.

Sure.

The court stipulates that there were plenty of girls with different names.

So my girls that all work at David's Redell now, my girls and I were all different assistants for Jed Weeby.

What an amazing coincidence.

Wow.

So anyway, Jed flees the scene.

And I'm like, fuck.

OK, were you there at his abode while he was curling?

Or where was he curling these?

I don't know the situation.

The hairs?

Yeah, the hairs.

Well, he was at home.

He was at home.

He burned down his home.

That's Tosh's territory.

So this is not on me.

You're not allowed there.

It's on Tosh.

Yeah.

But apparently, he also left a curling iron at the courthouse.

Oh, no.

And I didn't even know this.

Oh, we had multiple curling irons going at the same time.

So I didn't know that.

And I was at work.

And all of a sudden, there's a fire, like not only at the courthouse.

So this is a multiple fire situation that he started.

Yeah.

Oh, no.

So he ran up the trail.

And so me and Cart nowadays, we just kind of drive up there.

And we're like, Jed, Jed.

So how then did you go from Jed Weeby?

Is that?

Weeby?

Jed Weeby.

How did you go from working for Jed Weeby to suddenly dating Cart?

So I obviously was like a mess.

Obviously.

Yeah, obviously.

And I was kind of just like out on the street.

You're out of a job at this point.

Yeah.

I mean, I have a home and stuff.

But I was walking the street.

And.

OK, why?

What?

Sometimes you just have to walk on the street.

I mean, I guess I've watched.

Do you mean you were like doing errands?

Yeah, that's a strange way to describe this.

Yeah, OK.

I needed some time to process the fires.

OK.

So yeah, you were taking a walk.

So I was walking the street.

OK.

I was walking the street.

Got it.

And then he pulls up.

And I hear this vroom, vroom.

And I turn.

This is Cart, not Jed Weeby.

No, Jed Weeby had fled.

Right.

He had fled at this situation.

Was this by foot?

Or did he have a truck as well?

He has a big truck, yeah.

He has a big truck.

Well, it's not as big as Cart's at the time.

Well, the 250 hadn't come out yet.

Yeah, so he had just the 50 because this was a few years ago.

OK.

So anyway, I hear vroom, vroom.

And I turn.

And it's Cart.

And he's like.

Was that the Cart noise?

Or was that him saying that?

What's he saying?

He was saying vroom, vroom.

He was.

And I said, I turn.

And he's like, hey, do you want to watch The Big Lebowski?

Oh.

And you thought he was asking you out to a movie theater, perhaps?

Yeah, well, I would have thought that.

But it was already starting on the big screen.

Oh, it was.

How much did you miss?

A good chunk of it, like 3 fourths.

Right.

Were you able to kind of figure it out?

Yeah, I got in at the part where they're bowling.

I mean, the dude is pretty, I mean, it's like a character study.

So it's not really about the plot.

You get it pretty quick.

Exactly, yeah.

Great character, of course.

Sprague, did you have anything to do with that film?

No.

I really wish I did.

You know, at the time, I was trying to work on Steve Buscemi.

But he ended up going elsewhere.

He had no need for ninja based career?

He didn't want to do any more ninja stuff.

So there's Cart.

You're distraught.

You're a mess.

He asks you to watch The Big Lebowski in his truck, 50 at the time.

No, he had a 100.

He had a 100?

Judd had the 50.

I guess these are going up in 50s?

So they're going to the 350.

They're skipping the 300 rumored.

So this one came out in June of, this is seven years ago.

So 2011.

So they took a big long break in between the 150 and the 250.

And this is so far.

And now he just got the 250.

And now they're already up to the 350 in the spring?

Yeah, so they moved the.

Production issues much like Tesla?

Yeah, exactly.

So it was rumored that there was issues, just kind of like with the CEO.

OK, got it.

So you think Cart's going to propose to you all the time?

I think that's where we are.

That's where we are.

Why?

Yeah, OK.

So cut to now seven and a half years later.

You got into his truck and into his dreams.

And seven and a half years.

And onto his dice.

Yes.

How long did it take for that to happen?

To sleep with him?

Yes.

Pretty quick.

I don't really take that stuff very seriously.

You're free with your body?

Yeah, I'm free in anything that gets me in a big truck I'm all about.

So we had.

This was the biggest truck they had on the market at the time.

Exactly, yeah.

So every time we drive up the Judd Weavey trail and we yell for Judd, I'm like, this could be it.

This could be it.

You've been doing this for seven and a half years at this point?

So that's what we do during our lunch breaks and stuff like that.

So I'll get off from David Spredle, hook it off from Baked in Montrose.

You have the same lunch break?

Same hours?

Around that time.

OK, so a little overlapping?

Little overlapping.

Like a half hour overlapping maybe?

It's like a two hour gap.

You guys have a two hour lunch break?

Where you scream for Judd Weavey?

Yeah.

Well, so one time we did hear Judd, though, I'm pretty sure.

Really?

We heard kind of like, hey, I'm over here.

And I look and.

Was it Sprague?

I couldn't think.

OK, it was a whisper.

Yeah, I mean.

I've only ever heard of it.

So.

Yeah, you've never been on it.

Never been on it.

So what did you do, though?

This is incredible.

So I turn and I look and I just see trees.

And then I see a bear.

You saw a bear?

Yeah.

So the bear whispered.

Well, we don't know.

Or it could have been, I guess, Judd Weavey in a bear costume.

Or that's what I think.

Or bears.

Maybe bears have developed the power of speech.

I have a much more logical explanation.

OK, Sprague.

I believe Judd Weavey to be a ninja, Scott.

No, he's not a ninja.

He whispered and then you turned and he flipped out of the way.

No, I don't think so.

This is a great story.

I'd like to buy the rights.

So this is sort of like a combination of like the edge.

Yes.

Meets Beverly Hills Ninja.

Beverly Hills Ninja, but just not funny, you know, mostly dramatic.

Right.

And he comes back to get his assistant from this guy cart with a bigger truck.

Yeah.

Can I ask to what end are you doing this?

Why are you still trying to find Jeb?

Judd.

Jed.

Jed Weavey?

Judd.

Is it J-U?

How do you spell it?

Sprague?

Sorry, I'm ready.

All right.

I believe it's J.

J-U-D.

OK, I think that's it.

That's it.

So just just one D.

Jed.

It's like it's like Judd, but Judd.

OK, that's a great.

Now, are you interested in the Judd films?

Oh, yes.

Very much so.

Kayla, I have a deep question.

What is the connection between court and Jed?

Yeah.

Why does the court want to find find Judd and why are you still trying to find Judd?

That's sort of why to what end?

What are you guys doing?

This.

Jed was an untoward.

Jen was the leader.

Jed was.

OK.

Oh.

To whom?

To you?

To CART?

Yeah, to both of us.

And we also both fucked Judd.

So.

Oh, wait, you're CART had sex with Judd.

Yeah.

OK, so he's he's pansexual.

Jed will do anything for a guy with a big truck.

And that's same with me.

So it's these.

OK.

Once you say the Judd had a big truck to.

Yeah.

Oh, it's what he has.

Have you guys ever seen a guy in a big truck?

Is there anything hotter than a guy in a big truck?

I'll be honest.

The way you've described CART, he sounds kind of like a fucking jag off.

Hey, spray spray.

I'm not going to lie.

I think I agree with Frank.

The truck and the friggin hat thing and his name's CART.

I just he sounds fine, but I don't know.

I mean, maybe it's good for Colorado.

You know, it's not like L.A.

where all the good looking people with big dicks move out here.

I think you can do better, though.

I just think, you know, to me, like if he's going to wants to just drive around in the big truck and like show it off for the town and kind of like freak people out on the roads by going really quickly, like I'm all about that and I'm on board for that.

And that's what our future is.

Like, how loud does he play music and movies from the car?

Super loud.

Yes, I knew it would be.

Maybe, you know, tell you what, we need to take a break.

But Sprague, maybe you could whisper some advice for a new man.

Some advice for Kayla here.

Yes. Yes. All right.

So we're going to take a break.

I know you also have to catch up on email.

Yes.

Well, we'll be right back with more Flula, more Sprague, the whisper, more Kayla Dickie.

We'll be right back after this comedy.

Bang bang. We're back here.

We have Flula here who's got to go.

I've got to go spray.

Do you mean you have to go from here?

No, it was a phone call.

OK, Sprague the Whisper.

Spielberg's assistant.

OK, yeah, he's with his assistant at Mosaic right now.

We also have Kayla Dickie, who's a girlfriend.

I wish you wouldn't identify yourself as just girlfriend.

I mean, you have so much going on.

You work at a bridal, not a good one, but...

Me and my girls, we just were all about like supporting our big guys out there.

Yeah, big guys.

They all they all have.

And how why did you all work at the same come over and work at the same place?

So Judd's wife.

Yeah.

Merg.

Sorry, Merg. Merg-weeby?

Merg-weeby. OK.

Merg-weeby owns...

She owns the bridal shop?

She owns David Bridal.

OK, so why?

Judd and Merg, they they have two...

He's the mayor.

She owns this bridal shop.

He hires how many is how many of your girls are there?

There's five, six, there's ten girls, ten girls.

He hires ten assistants.

He's has he fucked all of them because he fucked you at court.

That's that's already.

So me and my girls, we just kind of keep that stuff to ourselves.

We don't need to know.

There's no competition.

It's not about competing for a man.

It's about supporting your girls.

Yeah. But yes, I think so.

Yeah. Yeah. OK.

So Judd is running some sort of mayoral sex cult.

Yeah. OK.

And he burns.

He has multiple curling irons going in multiple locations, burns down half the town.

Yeah, it was so tragic and sad and flees the scene and puts on a bear costume and is hiding out in the caves.

Maybe a ninja costume.

We're going off.

Pissed by the way, Merg is so pissed because he left her with like all this anger from the towns.

Yeah, she's taking it on, I would imagine.

So does anyone go to her to bridal shop?

No. So that's why ours is kind of failing and everyone's going to the one on Main Street.

Oh, wait. But she owns the so is it a franchise?

She owns David's Bridal. I see.

OK, so she owns the frigging huge company.

She only owns one of them, though, it seems.

Yeah, the bad one. Yeah.

OK, so and is she out there looking for Judd?

No, so she doesn't want to find him. Right.

And so we're like the girls and we have to keep to ourselves that we're out there.

So all 10 of you are out there trying to find.

Yeah, that's why we go in shifts like we go.

You know, I take my two hour lunch break and we go up.

Each of us take the Judd we be trail and like I'll come back and I'll be like, we still didn't find him. Like I thought I heard his name.

What happens when if you guys find the jet, we be what happens?

What is the next step?

So I don't really know, but I think that I think that Judd would want us all to pile into his big truck and just go.

You think he still has his big truck, his 50?

Where is the yeah, I mean, I think at this point, like, I don't know if he's bought a new one.

I don't know, because he was like very like he's one of the people that I got most of the rumors about the trucks from.

So here's your pipeline for these rumors. Yeah.

So I think that he probably has the 350 like we were talking about earlier.

I think he probably has the 350 already. He may already have that.

OK, maybe you should start instead of searching the trail, you should start staking out the Ford dealership.

This seems smart. Kayla, I want to give you some advice.

Oh, here we go. Sprague.

Because Sprague the Whisperer has got some patented advice.

Kayla, this sounds like a dead end to me.

Here's what you should do.

Move to Los Angeles, where all the big dick people move.

Scott said earlier and don't say that.

I said, you're going to say it.

You go sign it. I definitely go sign.

But I want you to move to L.A.

and I've got this guy.

You can get some head shots.

You have a you have a photographer you work with.

Yes, he's great. I got a headshot guy.

And then maybe, you know, you come in, we talk pitches, you maybe work on a web series.

Well, I mean, you're like a podcast or something.

You're a little petite for an actress.

You're four feet tall.

Actors are small.

The actors are small.

I mean, you could probably be in a Tom Cruise movie and tower over him.

It's like, trust me.

Is your photographer is is your photographer able to adjust for height?

With perspective.

He puts a little coin down, just a little nickel next to your toes.

Very smart. Yes.

And then that way you look huge.

OK. And this is my of course, get head shots.

And then, of course, I want you to start.

You know, I have some acting class, you know, go to UCB, maybe take some classes there.

Martial arts, perhaps.

Sure. We could maybe do some CrossFit martial arts training.

Yes. I've only done a few photos.

Me and the girls did a calendar for David's Bridal with just posing with a bunch of big trucks.

Oh, OK. Were you in bridal dresses or?

No, we're naked.

So you're naked. You're sorry.

What? You're naked.

We're naked. Next to big trucks.

This is for David's Bridal?

Is this approved by the corporation?

Wedding dresses in the background or something?

Just hanging from the trucks?

Yeah. Merg put it together.

So actually, all the ground is covered in the wedding dress.

Wedding dress. How would you feel buying your own big truck?

Why be reliant on carts here?

On a man?

Well, I just I walk the streets and that's.

Sorry, you're still walking the street?

You go for walks, right?

What do you mean when you say is this?

Yeah, it's a bit clear. Like shopping?

Like daily or?

I just walk.

There's no point in having look if you're going to be with a man, he needs to have a big truck.

OK, so if I'm going to walk.

If I'm going to walk the streets, it's because I'm hoping that I'm going to see that that.

You're hoping someone will vroom vroom will roll up next to you.

Have you ever been single?

Yeah, I was single in that time when Judd fled.

How long was that, by the way?

It was like three or four hours.

Three or four hours you were single.

That feels right. Out there walking the streets, looking for a man.

Suddenly vroom vroom.

And before that, not one second.

You've been single. You've jumped from truck to truck.

Well, all my friends, like all my girls, we've all met our significant others by them yelling at us on the street.

So if while you're walking the street.

Yeah, while we're walking.

What usually works for the our listeners out there who are hoping to pick up women on the street by yelling at them from a big truck.

What what type of conversation usually works?

Like, damn girl, you look so sexy.

You're asking for it.

You're asking for it already.

What is he referring to?

That sounds highly inappropriate.

Look how big I am.

Look how big and hard I am in my big truck.

OK. Yeah.

And then, Dan.

Uh oh. I'm coming for you.

Uh oh, I'm coming for you.

Isn't it? This sounds insane.

You're Colorado is a different place though.

Colorado sounds.

It's not like L.A.

I'm from frigging Tampa.

That sounds crazy.

Now, I must say, your boyfriend and all the people you've talked about, they sound frigging insane.

I want to help you.

You said you've been to Montrose.

It's it's I know I was there for like a tiny film festival cloak.

It's fine.

And you're speaking in a fake British accent.

You sound insane.

This cloak at Uniqlo.

It's it's chill.

Wait, you went to Uniqlo and Majik?

Yes.

So much for you.

Yes, of course.

They're great.

Now, of course.

No, I can't believe I can't believe I'm saying this, but I'm going to sign you.

Whoa.

I just have to get you out of Colorado.

It's it's killing you.

I just I don't I don't know where I would go.

Come to L.A.

Wait a minute, Scott.

I know what to do.

Oh, OK.

Hey there, girl.

Look at how hot you are.

Look at how big.

Look at look at vroom, vroom, vroom, vroom.

Look, I have a truck.

It's downstairs.

He's coming for you.

Yes, coming.

I'm coming for you.

It's a 450 downstairs.

I need to see the truck.

OK, OK.

It's I don't call your assistant.

Get hold on.

Hold on.

Lloyd!

Lloyd, wait.

Is this Lloyd from Entourage?

No, no, no.

That was a joke based on me.

But hold on.

So that was based on you, just like Ari was based on Ari Emmanuel?

Yes, of course.

Of course.

Yes, right.

Yes.

Go down to the Ford dealership.

Yes, Lloyd.

Yes.

Talk to.

Oh, OK.

What time's the lunch?

Here are matches for to the board.

What was that?

OK.

Somebody's Siri went off there.

Someone's Siri.

OK.

Lula, is that your Siri?

No, it's not.

Mine's only in German.

Hold on.

I think.

Yes.

How weird.

OK.

Three thirty.

All right.

Bye.

What was I what was I doing for getting a 450 truck?

I forgot.

I have a I have a meeting with OK.

So this is not happening.

I have a meeting with the Ridden Diesel later.

You can get a 450.

I will absolutely move out here.

The 350 is what's rumored to come out soon.

So if you've got a 450.

Yeah.

I'm worried, though, that, you know, you're just going to jump from man to man, whomever has the biggest truck until, you know, I mean, like right now.

This truck, the 250 has eight foot tall wheels.

They're twice as big as you.

I mean, you know, suddenly I have to get somebody to just kind of much like the doves.

Yeah.

The throwing the doves out or the what was the other analogy you used?

Oh, some it was something with massaging the sparrows.

Yeah, that's right.

Yeah.

Someone has to push me up like that.

Yeah.

The cart won't do it.

Oh, no, can't lift.

He really can.

He's the what?

He's got a flipped.

What kind of puny motherfucker is this guy?

Sucks balls.

He's got multiple slipped desks because he played a lot of football growing up.

Jesus.

How he played a lot.

How many games?

He played Madden like 400 games a year.

Four hundred.

Yeah, that's Madden.

That's those are.

Yeah.

Oh, those are Madden stats.

Yeah.

OK, well, look, we're coming.

I hope you have a vibrator at the very least.

Look, this is not a question we like to ask on this show, but do you have a vibrator?

I have a track and I like to sit on the on the you just sit on the hood.

Yeah.

OK.

All right.

Well, go ahead.

I don't know what to say.

Well, you're no help.

I'm going out there meeting with Vin Diesel.

Yeah, I tried to whisper, but I've got a meeting with Vin Diesel.

They're doing a Disney XD show.

Well, we you know, we're just about wrapping up here to get you out in time for that meeting.

So there's really only one thing left to do on the show, and that is a little something called plugs.

Wow.

A little something called plugs.

Plugging, plugging, plugs, plugs.

You only like me for my plugs.

Plugging, plugging, plugs, plugs.

Yeah, you only like me for my plugs.

Plug, plugs, plugs, plugs.

OK, that was for my plugs by Sad Fillmore.

It was like a soundcloud wrap.

It was very long.

A little too long.

How would you have done it?

Just plugs.

Here we go.

Boom!

Boom time.

Yeah, exactly.

Yeah.

Well, let's then at least keep our plugs to a minimum.

What do we plug in here?

Flula, what do you got?

My podcast, Boom Time, and subscribe it and love it and hug me digitally if you like.

That's right.

People see you on the street and I hope they do.

Offer me some cashews.

Sure.

Yeah.

Alright, and Sprig the Whisperer.

What do you have?

Of course, I'm, well, three ninjas all grown up that's in pre-pro.

Six ninjas.

Six ninjas that's in pre-pro right now.

Six ninjas, three on the way.

Maybe.

Oh, I like that.

Maybe that's the end.

Scott, you're already involved.

Suddenly all of the children of the three ninjas, their girlfriends all come back from the doctor.

Now we're talking Scott.

For the house type of situation.

This is friggin' good, Scott.

This is why I'm here to whisper.

And of course, you know, I was a consulting producer on the television show Wrecked on TBS.

You were?

Yes, I was.

I went out to Fiji, shot, it was real fun.

Zach Cragger, Brian Sacker, great cast.

When's this out?

Oh, well, it's already out.

Seasons one through three on the TBS app.

That's of course a very easily accessed app on your Apple TV.

Okay.

Any commercials you have to sit through if you're watching it on the app?

Couple commercials, maybe CNN pre-roll or something.

They advertise like Cuomo tonight a lot.

Okay, well, so you're watching your own show a lot.

You're going to watch Turner programming.

They're doing very well.

All right, very good.

And Kayla Dickey, by the way, your last name is Dickey.

Isn't it ironic that's the one thing that you don't have a lot of?

That's good, Scott.

Wow, that was harsh.

I don't mean to be harsh.

I just like you talked about I.

Yeah.

Are you upset?

No, I'm fine.

You're fine with it?

That's nice.

Have you ever considered, by the way, like instead of a guy who owns a big truck, just a guy who possesses a big dick and who has like a mid-sized car?

For me, it's all about that big truck and seeing him in this big truck.

She's gone, Scott.

She's lost.

She's lost to us.

She's lost.

Let her go.

I tried, you know.

Sure.

Anything to plug, Kayla?

Just like big trucks, small dicks.

Sorry.

Wait, if there was a guy who had a big dick and a big truck, would that be OK?

There's got to be one.

I just, I wouldn't even know what to do with it.

There probably has never been a guy with a big dick who's bought a big truck.

So I guess just roll that dice.

Yep.

And follow me.

Follow me.

Follow you down the street while you're taking these walks?

Just shout stuff at you?

Yes, follow me on the street.

OK, great.

Thank you.

I want to plug the Comedy Bang Bang TV show.

You know, if you're in the US, all the episodes are out on Netflix.

If you're anywhere else, I believe they were all taken down.

So sorry about that.

I also want to plug the PCAST blast coming to L.A.

this Saturday.

That is exciting.

It's comedy bang bang with myself, Lauren Lapkus, Paul F. Tompkins, a lot of other special guests.

We have the Andy Daley pilot podcast project and he's doing something really interesting with it.

We also have Doughboy.

Yes, the Doughboy.

Yes, you're a big fan over there.

We also have Throwing Shade, Teacher's Lounge and off book, of course, the improvised musical.

So come see that at the theater at the Ace Hotel this Saturday, December 15th.

All right.

Let's close up the old plug bag.

Whoa, what a bag.

It's time to open it.

It's time to open the bag.

Time to open the bag.

Open the bag.

Oh, so, so close to that being gone.

Who owns the rights to that song, Scott?

I think the three ninjas may.

It may be a package deal there.

Something good about closing up a bag. We'll figure it out.

Yeah, OK.

Guys, I want to thank you so much.

Flula, always great to see you.

Just a quick follow question.

How many people have committed suicide after hearing that song?

Plenty of people have committed suicide during this show.

In fact, we had several people jump out a window about 400 episodes back.

Got it.

But none this year, I believe.

Sprague the Whisperer, good luck to you.

I don't think I'm going to sign, but Flula was telling me during the break that he's very interested.

Can I keep the suit?

Of course.

Then count me in.

And Kayla, look, I would say good luck, but you're going to live a miserable life.

You're pretty much, yeah, who knows.

You're fucked.

But who are we to judge?

If you're happy.

I just ask that you pray for Jed Weebie and get yourself a...

What if someone were to find Jed Weebie?

Would he be reinstalled as mayor and would you go back there or what is your hope?

I think, like I said, he will have a big truck.

We will all pile in and we will just head on out.

All you see is like the end of a movie that life's not like that where credits roll and everyone's just fine.

What's going to happen is you're going to drive off in the truck.

You're going to go for a while.

You're going to pull over to a gas station.

What the hell are we doing?

It's just crazy.

Honestly, with Jed at the wheel, I don't even care.

What is the magnetism of this Jed Weebie guy with his mayoral sex cult?

You gotta meet this guy.

This guy, I don't know what he has going on, but all right.

Pray for him.

All right, everyone pray for Jed Weebie.

We'll see you next time.

Thanks, bye.

Heroes.

you Thank you.
