---
layout: page
title: 578. Paul F. Tompkins, Bobby Moynihan [https：⧸⧸cloudfront.wolfpub.io⧸CBB-578-20180727-MoynihanPFT-SKv02-PW.mp3].mp3.wav
category: cbb 
---

♪ Comedy Bang Bang ♪ Frankenstein or Frankenbeans?

Either way, I'm not putting that shit in my mouth.

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

Thank you to Optimus Primate for that catchphrase submission.

And welcome to the show for another week.

And what an exciting week it is.

I have a special exclusive, by the way, I have not shared this with any other news outlets, exclusive interview with our good friend, one of the original members of the Sugar Hill Gang, Cal Solomon, is going to be here with me this entire hour.

Welcome to the show Comedy Bang Bang for another week.

Scott Aukerman, your host.

And very seldomly do we get to speak to a musical artist such as this.

I do believe we talked to Larry Blackman from Cameo a few, a while back, but, and that was incredible.

It got a little derailed, I have to say, by an Edible Arrangements person coming into the room.

So that will not happen this time because I have, you know him from the early days of the Sugar Hill Gang, very early in fact, had never put anything on wax with them, I believe, did not even last a single performance, I think.

But he is one of the founding members, or at least was in the room while they founded.

Please welcome to the show, Cal Solomon.

Hi Scott, thanks for having me.

It is my pleasure, Cal.

It's wonderful to have you back.

It's always great to be on your show.

And I want to say that, you know, thanks to the exposure that you've given me, I feel like, you know, things are really turning around for me.

Really turning around for you, because I didn't know that things were bad for you.

I guess I haven't really dived into your personal life.

Well no, my life is okay, you know, but it's, I'm talking about, you know, just artistically.

Artistically, things have been turning around for you.

Now, one of the last times that we heard from you, and we're going to go over your personal history very briefly, if that's okay.

But one of the last times we had heard from you, you were trying to rap and you were not very good at it.

When was that?

That was a few months back, I believe earlier in the year, or late last year or something.

It sounds familiar.

And that ties into your personal history, because describe exactly what happened with the Sugarhill Gang.

Well, as I've told you several times.

I beg your pardon, but I need to refresh the listeners.

No, no, no.

Every show is someone's first show.

I understand that.

I'm saying that for the listeners who maybe have heard the story before.

Okay, yeah.

So we apologize to all of those listeners.

I didn't mean it to be a dig on you.

I certainly, you know that I don't like to be impolite, and I try to be a nice guy.

I know, you're one of my favorite guests, because I have guests on this show, like big chunky bubbles or...

The entertainer?

The entertainer, yes, the soup entertainer.

Or Andrew Lloyd Webber, or...

The composer?

The composer, or J.W. Stillwater.

The mass vigilante?

Yes, of course.

What an eclectic group of people you have on the show.

None of them seem to like me.

I can't imagine why.

I think you're a nice guy.

You're nice enough to have me on your show.

Who would come on a show that they've been invited to be on and then be rude?

Real assholes, that's what I have to say.

But you are a class act.

I don't use words like that, but they certainly sound that way.

You don't use words like you do.

I try not to use foul language.

Really, what do you consider to be foul language?

So let's run them down.

The words that you said.

Okay, so all of those worlds, real worlds, a whole new world.

Don't you dare shut your eyes.

But let's, what do we got?

We got asshole, you don't like that.

That's an unkind word.

What about the other ones?

What else don't you like?

Well, why don't you name some and I'll tell you if I like them or not.

All right, fucking shit.

I don't like those.

Don't like those together or individually they're okay?

Both.

Okay.

I don't like them together, I don't like them on their own.

Okay.

What about.

On their own.

That's a song too.

That's also a song.

It's fun to free associate.

It really is.

What about butt?

It's crude.

But you just used it.

It's acceptable, you got me.

This is fun.

See, why would anybody be mean to you?

Why would anyone be mean?

This is a fun show, you're just trying to have a good time.

It's a fun show.

All right, so speaking of fun and shows, let's get into the fun of you not performing in shows with the Sugarhill Gang.

What exactly happened?

Well, you know, I was there at the beginning and.

It was a barbecue as I recall.

Yes, well that's when I met the guys.

Yeah, the Backyard Barbecue?

Backyard Barbecue.

And we were neighbors and they started rapping and I joined in and when I think of it now.

Were you invited to join in?

I can't recall.

Well, I assumed from the nature of what was going on that it was everyone was welcome to participate.

And when I think about it now, I realize, I don't know if they knew that I was participating.

Were you doing it very quietly or?

I was doing it at this volume.

But when I think of it now, I realize there was a lot of chatter and I think that people had just, when I think about it now.

A lot of cross talk?

Well, I think, no, just conversation and I think that maybe the song was over and I didn't realize that.

Because it was a new art form and I thought, oh, this is a part of rapping where they sound like they're having a conversation with each other.

So let me ask you, had the beat died down?

Had the music sort of faded out?

For sure, but I thought it was a breakdown in the song.

Oh, okay, where everything broke down.

Usually in a breakdown, maybe the drums remain.

Well, because there was no music, you know, but somebody, they were keeping a beat, people were clapping and they were tapping their feet and everything and I was having a great time.

Right, sounds like normal party going atmosphere.

People clapping, people tapping their feet.

Yeah, you know, you go to a party and people are just clapping and tapping their feet, it was like that.

It sounded like you were about to rhyme there.

You go to a party and people are clapping and tapping their feet.

Oh, I wish I'd been conscious of doing that because it could have gone somewhere.

It really could have.

I was just talking and I didn't realize.

Yeah, like the time with the Sugarhill Gang.

Do you remember what you were talking about?

Were you trying to rhyme or were you just kind of mumbling to yourself?

Well, I wasn't mumbling to myself.

It was at this volume.

I was trying to rhyme, it was at this volume and if I recall, the rapping was about visiting a friend's home and a meal that was served and the meal was perhaps subpar.

Sounds like what they had been talking about.

Yeah, well that was the theme.

Yes.

That was the theme of the rap.

I mean, that's how Rapper's Delight starts.

Yes.

Certainly, the lyrics are about visiting a friend's house.

Have you ever gone over a friend's house to eat and the food just ain't no good?

Right.

So you just repeated what they had said.

Well, no, I was expanding on the theme.

By repeating exactly what they had said.

No, I don't know where you're getting that from because I've not said that once, but you seem to be very insistent that that's what I did.

But I'm saying I continued on the theme.

Right.

That's not the same as repeating, is it?

Maybe I'm wrong.

You might be.

Please don't get confrontational with me, by the way.

I wish there was one other person here that could be an outside observer.

Nope, there is no one here.

But it's just you and me for the whole hour.

For the whole hour.

That's right.

In any case, you thought you were a member of the group because you had participated.

I assumed I was, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.

And what exactly happened?

I thought we were all on the same page.

Is this music that you had brought?

Is what?

Do you hear this?

♪♪ Is that not you doing that?

That's not me doing that.

Is that you doing that?

♪♪ Where is she?

Who's this fellow?

Where is she?

Someone just dropped into the room off of kind of a- Look at that, he's terrifying.

Oh my goodness.

He looks like- Where is she?

Oh my goodness.

He looks like some sort of a- Like a giant flater mouse.

♪♪ He looks like some sort of winged creature.

Yeah.

If I were- Not human, certainly not human.

If I were cowardly or superstitious, I'd be terrified right now.

But you're neither.

No, I'm regular.

You're an even keel, usually.

I'm just a regular guy.

I'm a bit cowardly and sort of superstitious, so I got a little bit of- You're not a criminal, are you?

I don't believe, I am part of the cowardly and superstitious lot, but I don't believe I'm a criminal.

There is some overlap.

If there was a Venn diagram of cowardly superstitious people and criminals- And criminals, certainly there would be a large- In the middle, you'd see a big fat slice.

Yeah.

Excuse me.

Where is she?

Who is who?

Who? Where's who, you inhuman creature?

I am no creature.

Hi, I'm Cal Solomon.

Hi, Cal, nice to meet you.

Hi, I'm Scott Aukerman of Comedy Bank.

No, I'm aware, big fan.

Oh, thank you so much.

Well, that's nice to see you.

Are you an alien?

Whatever, you look like a Martian.

Who me?

Are you from under the sea?

Who me?

Are you Poseidon?

Who me?

Yes, you.

I'm Batman.

Bad man.

Bad man?

Bat man.

Badminton?

I'm badminton.

Did you say you're badminton?

I am the creature who stalks the night.

I'm badminton.

You stalk the night.

That's a time of day.

I stalk it.

What do you mean?

The whole time.

Well, it just, it's.

Whenever it's dark.

It's easy to stalk it, I guess.

You always know where it's gonna be.

Do we?

It's right after the sun goes down.

That's where it is in the shadows.

Night's in the shadows?

Correct.

So wait, is a shadow dark?

So during the day, as long as you're in a shadow, you stalk it or?

If it looks menacing, yes.

Okay.

Well, you look menacing.

Yeah, you're menacing.

If you don't mind my saying, I hope that's not rude to say.

Are you stalking yourself?

Yeah.

Yes, you.

Why do you keep saying who me?

We're talking to you.

I wasn't sure.

Open up your goddamn eyes then.

It looks like you have like a.

Hey, fuck you, man.

Oh, a lot of language.

Right off the bat.

Get it?

That's a good one.

That's a great one.

I'm badminton.

See you badminton.

Did you bring your own music?

What is this?

My own music.

This is my theme.

This is the Batman theme?

Technically it's the end credits, but.

This is the theme to badminton.

Correct.

Excuse me, sir.

You're the, are you the.

Where is she?

Where is who?

Who are you asking about, sir?

Rachel.

I think it was Rachel.

Rachel?

Was it Rachel Dawes?

Rachel Dawes.

Oh, Vicki Vale.

Vicki, Vicki, Vicki Vale?

She's great, isn't she?

Are you looking for one of Playboy millionaire Bruce Wayne's girlfriends?

Yes, I didn't realize that they were all, that that would link me to him if I was just looking solely for his girlfriend.

Who's Rachel Dawes?

Rachel Dawes is, she was, she works in the DA's office.

I believe two different actresses played her.

I believe it was Katie Holmes in the first film.

Oh, I don't, boy.

And then a killing hole, killing hole in the second.

Not ringing a bell at all.

She had a lot of opinions about the Rico effect.

As we all do.

The Rico act, I believe.

The Rico act.

Which no one had ever heard of, apparently in that film.

And I'm here to stop it.

You're here to stop the Rico act?

You're gonna stop the Rico act?

That's why I'm here, to stop the Rico act.

Rico, what does it stand for again?

Real. Real. Real.

Intense. Intense.

Crime organization. Crime.

Yes, the real intense crime organization.

And they are.

You should stop them.

I've seen them in action.

I've had to take them down many times.

But now are you with the police, sir?

No.

You must have a badge.

No, I'm a vigilante.

Like J.W. Stilwater.

The badge I have is this, this bat.

Oh, it's a bat.

That's a bad-shh?

It's a badge.

That's the badge of badminton?

Correct.

Can you turn off your music?

Did you bring this?

My apologies.

It seems like it's just happening.

Did you hook an iPod up or something?

Where did this come from?

It comes from the night.

The night?

Welcome to the show, Batman.

The music of the night, like Andrew Lloyd Webber.

Oh, right. Wow.

What? Okay.

Now you're...

Oh, and alive in here.

Where is she?

Who, Rachel Dawes or Vicki Vale?

Rachel Dawes or Vicki Vale or a child?

Monica Sellez?

Well, where is Monica Sellez?

Where is she?

Why would we know?

Why did you come in here?

It's not dark.

I thought she came in here.

No, she didn't come in here.

I saw Cal outside and I thought he was...

Turn off your music!

Wait, you...

Was that my music?

You recognized me?

I was just about to get the funk up, I don't understand.

You...

Sorry, that's my dance.

I'm sorry.

The Batman dance.

Did you recognize me?

I did.

You're Cal.

Scott, what did I tell you?

This is very exciting.

I don't think we've ever described you on this show.

How would you know what he looks like?

You're my first fan.

I'm a huge fan.

I have a picture of you over my bat cave wall.

Over the bat cave wall?

So on the ceiling?

It's 49 feet tall.

Wow.

It's over the...

That's a big picture.

It's a giant picture.

Where did you get this picture?

The Google image search that you did, or?

Funny enough, the Joker made it to piss me off, but little did he know I was a huge fan.

The who?

No, the...

No, I've never met them, but the Joker.

Who's this Joker?

The Joker is a fan.

What's his name?

It's just a guy you know who's a Joker?

Gosh, I mean, there's a lot of backstory to this one.

Thank you so much.

He was in Red Hood originally.

The Red Hood, okay.

But before that, he was...

All sorts of things.

What was his name?

Are we talking WB here also?

Because then...

Then we got to do different timelines.

The dubba dubba WB?

The dubba dubba WB, correct.

Jack Napier, right?

Correct.

Yeah, okay, Jack Napier, then the Red Hood, then the Joker.

Correct.

Okay.

So, what do you...

Like Alan Napier, the actor who played Alfred the butler?

The butler.

On that old 60s TV show?

I can't remember the name of it.

I don't know.

What are you doing here?

I'm trying to save the world.

You're trying to save the world?

The world?

The whole entire world.

The entire world.

What's the danger?

From darkness.

Usually, don't you...

I don't know a lot about the Batman.

Clearly.

I do know that he resides within Gotham City, home of millionaire or billionaire playboy Bruce Wayne.

Well, I've never heard of him.

You've never heard of Bruce Wayne?

I mean, his billboards are all over the city.

I've seen his name on buildings.

So many Bruce Wayne billboards in Gotham.

I always thought it was for Wayne's world.

So you do live in Gotham?

I'm not going to give my address, but you don't commute.

Wait, let me guess.

But I have many of you.

You don't live in Bluedhaven.

No, I don't.

I'm just south of Metropolis.

Let me guess your address.

Is it one Batcave Way?

You can't do it.

Where is she?

Who, Rachel Dawes or Vicki Vale?

We don't know.

Any woman.

Any woman?

Nancy O'Dell?

Nancy, where is Nancy O'Dell?

She's out furniture shopping, I think.

She is.

Look, you're here to save the world or a woman.

I don't, you know, I don't know what is.

Oh my.

I'm here to save Nancy O'Dell from the RICO Act.

I don't, I don't think that she's really involved with a really intense crime organization.

You don't need to think anymore for Batman this year.

Can I ask you, Batman, what does the real intense crime organization act do?

Sorry, I can't hear you over this music one second.

Can you say that?

Can you ask that again, please?

Yeah, sure, absolutely.

The real intense crime organization act.

RICO Act?

What does it do?

It's like a mnemonic device that helps you know that R-I-C-O stands for those words.

Right.

Okay, so the act of remembering what RICO stands for, that's what the RICO Act is.

Is that what you were asking?

Absolutely.

Fantastic.

Ask an answer.

Thank you very much, Batman.

Who me?

Yeah, you, do you not, oh wait, do you?

I'm Batman.

Yeah, you don't remember your own name sometimes?

Do you have a different name or something that you go by?

Of course I remember my name, I'm sharp as a tech.

I'm a detective first and foremost.

Oh, a detective.

I don't have superpowers. Like Monk.

I don't have superpowers, correct.

They're all the best two detectives, top three detectives.

Batman, then Monk.

What about Mortecai?

Wait, who's number three?

Columbus.

Columbus?

Wait, Christopher Columbus?

Christopher Columbus.

Well, I guess he found this great old USA.

Wait a minute.

He had that weird eye.

What about Porro Othello?

Porro Othello.

Porro, he was a detective.

Yeah, he was.

He figured out his wife was cheating on him if he had that evil friend, that bird.

I would have thought he would have hired Jules Crowell for that.

That bird.

That bird that sounded like Gilbert Gottfried.

Let me ask you a question.

You talk about Monk and he's this great detective.

He's just as good as you.

The great Monk detective.

Are you Monk?

Are ya?

I wish I was.

Why do you wish you were Monk?

Tony Shalhoub.

Killed my parents.

What?

This is a scoop.

Tony Shalhoub killed Batman's parents?

We were at an opera and we came out after the opera and Tony Shalhoub was standing there.

There was an opera at Oprah's house.

Up in Montecito?

Up in Montecito.

And when we exited, we were laughing.

Sure, it was a funny opera.

It was a hilarious opera.

Did it have a happy ending?

Like most operas do?

Correct.

Big puppet dance number at the end.

Puppets?

Yeah, there were puppets.

Who was operating these puppets?

The singers.

The singers were, so it wasn't a separate crew for the puppets.

No, no.

Not like gentlemen in blacks, no.

Right, so there's like puppets and then, so the singers are singing.

The opera was a whole other story.

Yes, I could tell you about that for dance.

Yeah, yeah, let's talk about it.

Really interested in this opera.

It was called Funny Thing Happened on the Way to the Opera.

Oh really?

What was that?

What happened on the way?

Because it sounds like a terrible thing happened on the way out of the opera.

They forgot the piano.

It's a big component of the opera.

Every opera needs a piano.

Pardon me while I drink some water.

Of course, this is your real voice, obviously.

Why wouldn't it be?

So on the way to the opera, they forgot a piano.

And on the way out.

Did you get scared?

Yes, they forgot a piano.

It's terrifying to think of an opera without a piano.

Correct.

No, p-p-p-p-piano?

No.

So on the way out, Tony Shalhoub was standing there?

The Tony Shalhoub.

Now he was also an attendant to the opera.

He was not standing there.

He was levitating three feet off the piano.

What?

How?

With his powers.

He has powers?

He has Shalhoub powers?

He has Shalhoub powers.

I didn't realize Monk had powers.

I thought that he had limit, you know, like, vio-abilities.

Well now that's Monk the character, but maybe Tony Shalhoub has powers that Monk is not half.

He was not in character.

He made it abundantly clear.

He said, I am Tony Shalhoub, currently not Monk.

He was not wearing a dress shirt, buttoned all the way up with no tie.

No.

What was he wearing?

You're not going to believe this.

Oh, really?

A Batman costume.

He was wearing a- Why he was wearing a Batman costume?

So wait a minute.

It was very cheap.

It was a Ricky's number.

What year is this?

1961.

1961, so this was- I'm not positive, I might be wrong.

This is a while ago then.

This is so long ago.

It might've been like 23 years ago.

Okay.

23 years ago?

1961, I feel like Tony Shalhoub.

I'm not sure of his exact age, but he would have been in like a young boy, I think.

Yeah, I'm not terribly good at math.

So wait, if it was 23 years ago, it would have been 1995 or so.

Ooh, Batman.

What if you use your powers of deductive reasoning, your detective skills to deduce how long ago it was?

All right.

Alfred, how long ago was it?

Who?

Alfred.

My name's Cal.

Yeah, my name's Scott.

Do you think it's short for Calfred?

Is it not?

It's not.

It should be.

Or calcified?

It's not.

It's not short for calcified.

It's not short for a Californication.

Okay.

Do the Red Hot Chili Peppers sing about you?

Is that song about you?

Are you ever a member of the Red Hot Chili Peppers?

Is that song about you?

My full name is Californication Solomon.

It is.

We've never discussed this.

No one ever asked.

I've known him all along.

You are Californication Solomon.

It's true.

And that is why I'm here.

Why Batman?

To stop you.

From doing what?

You're part in the RICO Act.

Why?

You're joining the RICO Act?

No, no, Scott, you gotta- Their main campaign song, their song that they play.

You know, at the RICO Act rallies.

Oh no.

Is Californication by the Red Hot Chili Peppers.

Is it possible that a song that was written as a tribute to me by- Your good friends?

The neighborhood boys.

I thought you lived in New York.

I do, but they were in my neighborhood once.

Oh, they're passing through?

That's right.

They were on a class trip.

You know, they all went to school together.

Oh, right.

Were they off to see the Lakers play at Madison Square Garden?

The wonderful Lakers of basketball.

Off to see the Lakers.

So they wrote a song about you when they were based on a class trip when they were in high school.

Yeah.

And they passed through your neighborhood.

I think they had- On the way to Madison Square Garden.

They had a dream of me.

A dream of, oh yes, they were dreaming of Californication.

They had a dream of Californication.

Right.

So you're here to stop him though.

But, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, Batman.

I'm here to stop all evil.

I'm not a crime guy.

I'm not evil, I'm just me.

You seem like a very nice man.

You don't even like cursing.

I don't.

Do you, can you, what about the word, what about the word anus?

I mean- It's a medical term.

It's unpleasant, but sometimes you have to say it.

But I think calling someone that is rude.

When do you have to say it?

You have to say like, doctor, there's a problem with my anus.

How often are you saying this?

Well, you know, I'm no spring chicken.

So I go to the doctor for yearly checkups and you know, there's a lot of times, you know, you get older, you have to attend to certain areas that you didn't have to.

So once a year you have to tell your doctor you have a problem with your anus.

Well, you know, it's more like I say, do I have a problem with my anus?

And what does he say?

Well, he puts a camera up there and then usually he says, no, everything's fine.

Like his iPhone?

Does he remove it?

Ooh, I'm assuming he does.

Cause if we could get some real time pictures, that would really help out Batman's investigation here.

I'm usually asleep when it happens.

I need evidence to figure out investigations.

Well, I mean, you can go to my YouTube channel.

It's all my colonoscopies are up there.

Well, I suppose.

Well, thank you.

That's nice.

So you, it's you.

Yes.

So it's you.

That's me.

Well, look, Batman, we need to take a break if that's okay.

We all do sometimes.

Sure, I bet you need to drink some water.

Even Batman needs to take a break.

Okay, look, we're going to take a break.

When we come back, can we figure out exactly what you're doing here and what, how Californication Solomon ties into this?

Just call me Cal, please.

Okay, I'm sorry, just Cal.

It's a family name, I'm embarrassed of it.

Oh, a family name.

Yeah.

Why did your parents call you that?

Well, it's a family name.

I'm a Californication Solomon the sixth.

The sixth, wow.

So this is dating back into the 1800s, maybe even 1700s.

Probably the 1600s.

Maybe, who the fuck knows?

Maybe the 1200s.

Six generations, yeah, might go back to caveman times.

Okay, look, we got to take a break.

1863.

Play us out, Batman.

We're going to be right back with more comedy bang bang.

Not as quick on that as you were during the body of the show.

I thought it was ready to go.

Volume was down.

Yep, we're going to be.

Oh, this is scary.

This is very scary.

It's laughter, but it doesn't sound fun.

I don't sound so maniacal.

We'll be right back with more comedy bang bang after this.

Get the fuck up.

Comedy bang bang, we're back here with Californication Solomon.

Call me Cal, please.

Cal Solomon.

And of the Sugarhill Gang.

That's right.

And also has a YouTube channel where you can check out his colonoscopies apparently.

That's right, I have one subscriber.

And that one subscriber is here apparently.

Who me?

Yes, not monk, the Batman is here.

You know what's funny?

For as scary and as opposing a guy as you are, you say who me a lot.

I do.

Are you not used to being called Batman?

Who me?

Yes, Batman.

You, Batman.

That's my real name, why wouldn't I?

So you were born- It's my only name.

Your Christian name was Batman.

Let's agree on that, yes.

Did you have a last name?

Oh, so you're Christian?

I have a- Or is man your last name?

It is, Bat.

Like Leslie Man?

Or Bathhew.

That's so Bathhew Man.

Or Thomas Man or Michael Man.

Oh.

So many people with the Amy Man.

So many people with the last name Man.

I don't like to talk about my family.

Oh, you related to all these people?

All of them.

Whoa.

Wow.

Well, Thomas Man, that goes back to the 300s.

1963.

So how's Amy doing, by the way?

She's fantastic.

Yeah.

She's doing well.

She hasn't been on the show in a while.

She is a friend of the show, but not a fan of the show.

Now, she was a founding member of Till Tuesday.

I believe you.

But I think she stayed in the group.

She stayed, she's still a member of Till Tuesday, what?

Well, I don't know if there's still a going concern, but she was, for as long as they were a group, I think she was still in it.

So from head to toes, she was a member of Till Tuesday.

Yeah, I don't know all the music terms, but I guess from head to toes.

From front to back.

OK.

From tip to taint.

From, hmm.

No?

Well.

So now Batman.

Sperm to worm.

Woom to doom.

Birth to earth.

When you're in Till Tuesday, you're in Till Tuesday all the way.

From your first.

You're almost rapping.

Singing note.

Singing is even harder.

Wait, singing is harder than rapping?

I feel like it is.

Because of the melody part of it?

Yeah.

So now, Batman.

Yes.

Who me?

Yes, you, Batman.

You said yes first.

Did I?

So, Bathhew.

What if I just called you Bathhew?

That would be great.

OK.

Oh, I like that.

So, Bathhew.

Yes.

What about Batholomew?

That's not my name.

That's not your name.

That's not my name.

You can call me that.

It might be fun.

That's a real Ting Ting situation.

So, Bathhew.

Yes.

Who me?

Yes, you.

OK.

I swear there's something going on with you.

Where is she?

OK.

OK, you're back to where is she?

Look, we don't know any of the women that you're searching for.

To be honest, I spend most of my time fighting crime and solving riddles and problems.

And jokes.

Solving jokes.

And penguins.

What's the hardest joke to solve?

The one that isn't funny.

Oh.

Got me.

Wow.

Existential.

What's a typical night like for the Batman?

OK, wake up around 2 PM.

2 PM.

Now, the sun is still out at that point.

So you're not about to start stalking the night.

Sun's out, guns out.

Well, that's his morning.

Sun's out, guns out, I always say.

Yeah, you do always say that.

Though I'm very, very against guns.

Some people say sun's out, buns out, which I think is crude.

Do you?

Buns, even.

Oh, I don't like when you say it.

With a deep, gravelly voice, it makes it even worse.

Buns.

You don't like buns.

Why don't you like buns?

So 2 PM, you wake up.

Correct.

OK.

And you have been?

I'm hanging upside down.

You're hanging upside down?

Do you have one of those things that attach your boots to a pole?

Yeah, I got it at a Dick's.

Dick's Sporting Goods?

Do you not like that either?

You know, I understand.

Do you know anyone?

Titties.

Do you like titties?

I think that's just a fun word.

I don't like that one.

All right.

Try it.

Say it once, just for me.

Oh, I'd rather not.

Just say it once.

Do I have titties?

Say buns or titties.

Yeah, just once.

Is this the price of appearing on the show?

Being on the show, yeah.

You have to say titties at least once.

Oof.

Titties.

Oh, I didn't like that.

I didn't like that.

How about just singular, titty?

Oh, why would that?

That's worse somehow.

It is.

Can I ask you, do you know anyone named Dick?

Who, me?

Yeah, you, Matthew.

I mean, I don't.

You don't know anyone named Dick?

No.

OK.

I just wanted to make sure.

Why would you even ask?

You mentioned Dick's Sporting Goods.

Oh, correct.

Yeah, so you sleep upside down.

I do.

So you wake up around 2.

At what point have you gone to bed?

6 AM or so?

1 PM.

You just get an hour of sleep?

For one.

Oh, bad man, I have some.

What have you been doing between the sun coming up and 1 PM?

I fight crime.

I fight the evildoers.

But it's not night out.

So you're fighting crime 23 hours a day?

The morning hours, there's a lot of prep work.

Oh, I see.

I have many vehicles I have to gas up.

Alfred is an older man.

Oh, so you do like finishing work after you're done fighting crime.

Then you go back to the home.

There's a lot of paperwork once you're home.

The suit, taking off the suit takes at least 40 minutes.

You marry the ketchups.

Marry all the ketchups.

Wait, that's a suit?

Do my side work.

That's a suit?

That's not your body?

I mean, it's part of me.

I thought that's what you actually look like.

The suit is part of me.

But it's a suit.

Don't we all wear masks?

If you think about it.

Whoa, you're blowing my mind.

You mean like metaphorically.

But you're literally doing it.

I am wearing a mask.

Do you mean when I take the mask off, that's the real mask?

Who do you look like?

I look, sometimes I look like Val Kilmer.

Like if you were on Twitter.

Sometimes I look like Adam West.

OK.

Sometimes you look like Maurice.

Whips, whew.

Do you know what I look like?

No.

What do you look like?

Justice.

Oh, sure.

Kelly Justice?

Yes.

Or David Justice.

Victoria Justice?

Victoria Justice.

I look like a mix between David and Victoria Justice.

OK, so I'm getting a real picture.

You know who sort of looks like that is billionaire playboy Bruce Wayne.

No.

Is he a billionaire now?

He's a billionaire now, yeah.

I remember when he was just a millionaire.

Oh, remember those years?

Yeah.

With his psychic guard.

Wayne's World.

So he kind of always reminded me of a cross between David and Victoria Justice to me.

Yeah, interesting.

Yeah.

The symmetrical features.

Exactly.

It's weird how that happens.

Interesting.

So around you get.

I'm just realizing.

What's this?

I said Kelly Justice because that's a person that I knew in real life and not a celebrity.

And I said yes.

That's to not make you look foolish.

That's real nice of you, Batman.

Thank you.

Somebody that I haven't thought of in a long time.

And I was thinking in my head this whole time, Kelly Justice, Kelly Justice.

That's tickling something in your brain.

For some reason, I pictured Kelly Rowland and just went with it.

I think that's who I pictured too.

But then I remembered, no, it was a wife woman that I knew.

I've known many Kellys and my wife.

Whenever someone says the name Kelly, I think of Kelly Rowland.

Your wife?

My wife.

Are you married, Batman?

I can't be.

Wait, because you're always hanging around Catwoman.

I mean, she's pretty cute.

I mean, she's like a cross between.

I mean, stuff has happened, but like nothing.

She's like a cross between Anne Hathaway in Ocean's 8 and Anne Hathaway in The Princess Diaries.

Correct.

Princess Diaries.

Two or one?

One.

With a little pfeiffer thrown in there.

Little pfeiffer sometimes.

Jules pfeiffer, the cartoonist.

And Playwright.

Respect where respect is due.

So you're married.

Who, me?

Yes, Matthew, you're married.

Yes, correct.

Well, I don't usually divulge.

I'm divulging a lot of information.

Can I ask you this, Batman?

Around Cal.

I had heard a few months back that Catwoman had stood you up at the altar.

That's true.

And The New York Times had spoiled that information.

It is.

This is true.

Yeah.

The fucking New York Times, that fake news.

All right.

Failing New York Times set.

I tell you, Maggie Haberman, she just wants access.

That's all she wants.

She's off Twitter now.

Oh, boy.

So you roll up to one Batcave.

Maybe for the better.

You roll up to one Batcave way at about 6 AM.

You don't have to advertise.

Just give my wife's name out.

Why don't you just tell everyone I'm married to Victoria Justice.

Victoria Justice?

Well, I'm married to Victoria Jackson.

That's who I am.

Oh, Victoria.

Oh, boy.

Sorry.

She's a handful, speaking of titties.

It's a fun word.

It's a fun, maybe less fun.

Do you ever say it to criminals when you're hanging upside down, you spook them?

OK, pretend you're a robber.

Oh, role play.

OK, pretend you're a robber.

OK, so what have I just robbed?

What should I play?

You just robbed a bank.

A bank?

We're going to play Laurence Fishburne.

OK.

OK, so I've just robbed a bank.

We both robbed a bank together.

Whoa.

Laurence Fishburne, the actor, and a robber.

Correct.

So wait, he was just an ant man.

What does he need money for?

Was he?

That's great.

He just does it for the thrill.

The thrill, wow.

OK.

All right, so here we go.

Laurence.

Hi, robber.

I loved you in Apocalypse Now.

Hey, I forgot what I was supposed to say.

Titties.

Oh, that's right.

OK, go.

OK, back to one.

Back to, OK.

Hi, robber.

Hi, Laurence Fishburne.

I loved you in Apocalypse Now.

Thanks.

Hey, thanks for doing the robbery with me.

I don't need the money.

I just like to have fun.

Do you hear that?

What?

That music?

Yeah, is Beetlejuice here?

Sounds a lot like Beetlejuice.

Who me?

No, Bathhew.

What?

Who's this guy?

Titties.

Oh.

Oh, why did you ask?

Why did you actually have to hit us during the role play?

To show you what I would do.

OK, well, you could have just told us.

We pretended everything else, like we didn't actually go to a bank.

Yeah, although maybe we should.

I actually do have to go to the bank.

Yeah, I have some errands I have to do after this.

I have to pick up some prescriptions.

I have to withdraw $40.

Really, for what?

Sundries.

Sure.

Going right to the CVS after.

Tip money?

Oh, do you mind picking up my prescription at the CVS?

Well, I shouldn't ask.

Yeah, I mean, it's, yeah.

I can give you a ride.

Oh, and do you have a special fancy car?

You're saying that like you know, and you're just trying to get in the space.

I do.

It's the Batmobile, right?

It does.

It's the Batmobile.

This is exciting.

I also have a Batwing, a Batboat.

The Bat, which is just like a helicopter hover.

It's kind of like a, I feel like it's just a fucking giant drone.

Right, yeah.

Why isn't it like the Batcopter?

I had a Batcopter a long time ago.

Oh, but that's with propellers, right?

That's to be correct, yes.

Yeah, this is more of a jet propulsion system.

A fan built system, if you will.

Do you ever do with the Bat, do you ever do on 4th of July, you like go through fireworks and you take video?

I thought you were rapping again.

So did I.

Have you ever taken a high tech helicopter through fireworks and you take video on the 4th of July?

I mean, the explosions are going around.

Everyone's going ooh and aah.

You had too many hot dogs and now you feel like you have a bellyache.

And maybe you're having not such a good time, but you're still having fun.

It's 4th of July.

It's summertime.

I love your bat poxing.

Thank you.

Oh, that wasn't for you.

Oh.

I was doing both.

It was like a Ra's al Ghul thing.

Thanks, Rescinded.

Ra's al Ghul?

The famous be-suited criminal?

Who also beat boxes?

Well, Batman, so you roll up around 6 AM, Matthew, you roll up around 6 AM, you marry your catch ups, you do your side work.

I do my emails.

Emails, you get to sleep around 1.

You wake up around 2.

OK, and then what do you do until sundown?

And during the summer, you must wait around a lot.

I do.

I think about the death of my parents a great deal.

Oh, yeah.

We never heard.

What exactly did Monk do?

Or I mean Tony Shalhoub.

Shalhoub hovering three feet off the ground.

What did he do to your parents?

Oh, yeah.

We really got away from that.

And Shalhoub had special powers.

Enjoy talking about, but he was some special powers.

I mean, is he an alien?

Is he a monster?

What is he?

He is.

It's unknown.

He is not from this world.

He's just a Shalhoub.

Oh, that's what Shalhoub means.

It's some sort of alien race?

His character in Men in Black was actually a part of a documentary.

I forgot that he was in that movie.

Yeah, me too for a minute.

What about his character in Big Night?

Alien.

What about in Bodden Fink?

Monster.

So his character is an alien in Big Night and a monster in Fart and Fink.

I thought you said Bodden Fink of the Vanities.

Bodden Fink of the Vanities.

What about in?

That was my first improv team.

You did improv?

I did improv for a little while.

What?

Who was in your improv team?

Oh, a lot of great people.

A lot of people who are working now.

Oh, really?

Like people you know from SNL and a lot of NBC comedies?

A lot of, yeah.

Whole bunch, yeah.

Pretty much every Thursday night line up was my improv team.

A. Whitney Brown?

A. Whitney Brown.

Denny Dillon.

With Victoria Jackson.

Meet your fans.

Is that how you met Victoria Jackson?

It is.

Terry Sweeney.

The cast in Kazarensky.

Oh my gosh.

Robert Downey Jr.

Charlie Rocket.

Anthony Michael Hall.

North Dunn.

Her brother, Kevin Dunn.

Oh, yeah, of course.

Just found that out.

Found that fascinating.

You never talked about that when you were.

I had no idea.

Do you know.

I met Kevin Dunn.

I said, where is she?

I didn't know either.

And now I can see it.

I can see how they look alike.

Both very talented people.

Sure.

So now what happened with Shalhoub?

He was floating above the ground.

We never got to the.

He was floating three feet off the ground.

The murder of your parents.

Oprah's opera.

And why would he murder you?

We were walking down.

The street just the other day?

Back alley behind our house.

Don't get to the streets just the other day.

And I said, it's all pretty lady.

I didn't know what to say.

Have you ever left an opera at Oprah's house?

And you don't know what to do?

Yes.

You see Tony Shalhoub.

He's three feet off the ground.

He's going to kill my parents.

You played a monster in Bond Fink.

He pointed an old timey revolver at my mother.

And he said, give me those pearls.

I said, why is it always the pearls?

Oh, dear.

Oh, my God.

Wow, are pearls valuable even anymore?

I have no idea.

1963 they were.

Oh, yeah.

That's before people realized that they were oysters throwing up.

They don't want throw up on their chest.

It's like a throw up.

That's a nice oyster gut necklace you got there.

You never hear that.

Usually a pearl necklace is something else throwing up on someone's chest.

What's that?

Never mind.

Oh, good.

No, not you, Matthew.

Look.

So he pointed the old timey revolver.

Did he fire it?

He fired it.

Oh, no.

Right into my mother's brains.

Right into her brains.

What about your father?

He dug a hole in her forehead with a knife.

What?

Threw her skull, had gun barrel to actual brain, and fired.

I thought your father did this.

That's the weird part.

He made her do it.

Oh, no.

Was your father some sort of a doctor or something?

How did he?

That's a real joker.

Wait, Shalhoub as the Joker?

That's given me ideas.

Wait, Shalhoub was playing the Joker at the time?

No, he was dressed in a Batman costume.

Right.

Oh, that's right.

He was dressed in a Ricky's Batman costume.

Correct.

So the Batman existed before you became Batman?

Oh.

The Batman is in all of us.

OK, but not every.

Even bad guys.

But yes.

OK.

So you're not the first Batman.

You took over being the Batman.

It's a mantle you take over.

Oh, OK.

Right, right, right.

Do you think there'll ever be a woman Batman?

Hopefully.

I mean, it's 2018.

What are we waiting for?

Right.

We're a black Batman?

That would be great.

I think there was.

There was?

Who?

Wasn't Steel.

Yeah, that's right.

No, that was a black Superman.

We have to take another break if that's OK, Batman.

Or Bathhew, sorry.

Thank you.

And Californication.

So we'll be right back.

Yes.

We'll be right back with more Californication Solomon.

Please call me Cal.

More Bathhew Man.

And more Comedy Bang Bang.

After this, we'll be right back.

And the Batman.

Oh, no, no, no.

Oof.

Comedy Bang Bang, we're back here with Californication Solomon and otherwise known as Cal a lot.

Yeah, mostly.

Mostly.

Most of the time.

It's the default.

Did your parents ever call you Californication?

Only when they're angry.

When they're upset at you?

Well, you know, my parents have both passed by now.

Oh, they are?

I'm so sorry.

Yeah.

Shalub, get him.

No, I don't think so.

The Joker?

You'll never know.

Oh, I never thought that it was foul play.

How did they die?

Let's talk about how they actually died.

Maybe we can piece together some clues with the world's greatest detective over here.

Well, my dad died in his sleep when he was 97 years old.

Sounds fishy.

My mom died a couple years after that when she was 95 years old.

Okay.

And how did she die?

They both died in their sleep.

So I wonder if the sleeper did something to them.

The, the, the dream man, um, the, the saw and logs criminal captain Zs.

Oh, captain Zs.

Is he one too?

He might be.

Yeah.

I mean, you have quite an extensive rogues gallery.

So many.

Yeah.

It's a hard to get back.

Maybe Nyquil X.

Maybe Nyquil X was responsible.

Or maybe the Lisa.

Oh, I can't imagine.

No, no, no.

I'm just certainly, certainly that would not cause anyone any kind of problems.

Way too comfortable.

A very, very comfortable and affordable death.

That's right.

So I don't know, Batman.

What do you think?

Or, Matthew, sorry.

Oh, does it sound suspicious at all to you?

It does.

I mean, dying in the exact same way.

That's pretty coincidental.

Oh, that is weird.

It is weird.

Especially, especially years apart.

Yeah.

What?

I never made the connection before.

Was it the same bed?

It was the same bed.

Oh no.

I need to see this bed.

Oh, here it is.

I got a picture of it.

Let me take out my scope.

Yeah.

I have a phone album of all my parents' furniture.

Yeah.

Let's see this picture.

Wait, that's not, this is just a picture of your anus.

This is your Cole House picture.

Oh, sorry.

It was on my YouTube channel.

I was uploading a new video.

I saw it.

OK.

Here's the.

Please like and share.

Here's the picture of the bed.

OK.

Here's the bed.

Both my parents mysteriously died in their 90s.

Wow, that's a very narrow bed.

That's like a twin bed.

They both slept in this?

They were older folks.

Yeah.

You know.

They were used to it.

Yeah.

I mean, especially New York living.

Am I right?

What's this in the corner?

That's me in the corner.

What's happening to you?

He's in the, no, look in the picture in the spotlight.

Oh, oh.

I don't know.

What is that?

It's a riddle.

Oh my gosh.

Like writing or?

I can't see the picture.

It's a book of riddles.

A book of riddles.

Is that your parents' book?

No, it's my book.

I love riddles.

You love riddles?

What's your favorite one?

I used to love riddles.

Oh, I like this one.

What has four legs in the morning, then later in the day, he's lost some legs.

And then by the evening time, he's like, oh, I found one of my legs.

But the other one is still gone.

A crippled spider.

Yeah.

You know this one?

Yes.

I fought the riddler for me.

Disabled, please.

And the riddle won.

My apologies.

All right, yeah.

You're not politically correct, are you, Batman?

I'm from a different time.

Oh, you have the 1960s?

I'm from all different times.

But this could only mean one thing.

What's that?

It's Nyquil-X.

Nyquil-X killed my parents.

Oh, this is.

Extra strength.

This is terrible news.

This is Nyquil-X's known for leaving decoy of terrible riddles to make you think that it's the riddler.

That it would be the riddler.

But the riddler.

It's actually just a man on Nyquil.

Wow.

So he just gets all fucked up on Nyquil and goes and kills people?

Messes with people.

And drops books of riddles?

Really messes with them by killing their parents.

So we need to find someone who's bought a lot of books of riddles on Amazon recently.

Yes.

OK.

Can we subpoena Jeff Bezos?

Already have.

You have?

He's here right now.

He's here.

OK.

Can he come in?

In this sack.

What is the meaning of this?

Jeff Bezos?

Yeah, it's me, Jeff Bezos.

Where is she?

Billionaire playboy Jeff Bezos?

Where's who?

Wait, no.

We need information from you.

Well, what do you want to know?

We want to know who has ordered the most riddle books from Amazon Prime.

We respect our customers' privacy.

I can't tell you.

Tell us.

Oh.

Torture doesn't work, Batman.

Intimidation?

It was a.

I just know from the order history of someone first initial N, last name Quill X. What's that music?

Is this the Batman Returns soundtrack that's available for digital download or hard copy?

$1.99 a song or $9.99 for the full album.

That's right.

So wait, you've memorized everyone's orders history?

Well, of course I have.

I'm Jeff Bezos.

It's orders history, right?

Not order histories?

It sounds better for you.

Orders history.

OK.

Can you try something for me?

Sure.

Can you go?

I'm Bezos.

Thank you.

So I've never seen billionaire playboy Jeff Bezos and Batman in the same place.

So this is confirmation that you are not the same person.

I am not Jeff Bezos.

OK.

And I'm not an actor playing Jeff Bezos.

Wait a minute.

You're an actor playing Jeff Bezos?

No, I'm not.

I just said I'm not that.

Oh, OK.

Good.

I am a guy who has a smoke bomb, though.

Phoo, phoo.

Shoo, shoo.

Eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh.

What just happened?

Were you out?

Were you knocked out by Jeff Bezos when he came out?

I was just standing over there watching this all happen.

Well, then you know what happened.

Oh.

Oh, he threw down a smoke bomb.

Oh, yeah.

He had his back to you.

I was beaten to my own game.

You should have an anti-smoke bomb, one that clears smoke.

That's smart.

A fart bomb, something like that.

I don't think we need to bat fart bomb.

It's a funny visual, though.

Yeah, that's true.

You know, there's funnier visuals, I guess.

So Jeff Bezos is not you.

That would be silly that you would be a billionaire.

That would be preposterous.

Yeah, although you do have a lot of really expensive things now that I think about it.

Did you ever fight the preposterous?

I have.

It was my first fight.

Is that where you got that gynas?

Oh, I don't like that word.

That's maybe my least favorite.

Yes, that is where I got my favorite.

My famous gynas.

I think I was trying to say giant preposterous that you keep in the cave.

I keep it in the heart of the bat cave to protect the gynas.

Wait, how do you know so much about what's in the bat cave, Scott?

You know, I've seen drawings of it here and there.

There's like a giant preposterous and a big penny.

Yeah, what's with that big penny?

My large penny.

Is it for good luck?

I pulled it.

Yes.

Was it going into a giant slot machine or something?

I pulled it out of giant man's ear.

Hey, speaking of luck, did you ever fight a little bit of luck, that weird little creature?

A weird little creature with a giant head and tiny body?

Throw a scratch off.

He makes everyone gamble.

I have.

Really?

My first defeat.

Really?

He beat you.

Oh, he won.

What happens when a bad guy beats you badminton?

It's embarrassing to say the least.

Sure.

Yeah, I bet.

It doesn't happen often.

So when it does, he had taken a number of scratch offs with a quarter.

He blew the dust into my.

With a what?

With a quarter.

So not the giant penny?

No.

A regular sized quarter or a giant?

A legal US issued quarter.

And he blew the dust into your eyes?

Blew the dust into my eyes.

And as you can see, the most vulnerable part of my body is my eyes.

That's right, because it's the only part, I think, that is uncovered.

Well, there's your chin.

Yeah, there's your chin and your nostrils.

Nostrils.

A lot of your holes are.

You have a glass jaw, so if somebody hits you, that's it for you.

You're dust a little, even just a love tap to the face.

Love tap.

Baby.

Love tap.

Tin roof.

Rustin.

Tin roof.

Titties.

A lot.

Oh, boy.

A lot of your holes are exposed, I noticed.

A lot of your holes.

Make sure that all my holes are exposed, because I love to fuck.

So wait, your butthole is?

Exposed.

Loose.

You have a loose finger?

Texas T. So the sphincter itself isn't, I just meant like it's loose to the world.

It could get loose.

Because I was going to say, you need to go to Cal's doctor.

It's loose to the world.

Titanic.

Well, my goodness.

So a little bit of luck is still on the whiteboard in the red.

Right now, the last I heard is he'd broken out of Arkham Asylum on a different charge.

Broken out of Arkham Asylum on a different charge.

Embezzlement.

Embezzlement?

Wait, wait, wait.

He broke out of Arkham Asylum on an embezzlement charge?

He was in Arkham Asylum for a different charge.

This embezzlement was so insane.

So insane that he was committed to an insane asylum.

Correct.

Well, it turns out it wasn't real money.

Oh, that is crazy.

Yeah, that makes sense then.

Just funny money.

Just Triscuits.

Oh my gosh.

He kept saying, I forgot all the money.

And they said, this guy's nuts.

But it was still embezzlement.

Correct.

So it's the intention.

If you think you're embezzling.

He was working at the Triscuit Corporation.

When I met you.

So what is your ratio of wins to losses?

Well, I've only had one loss.

Oh, OK.

Well, two if you count Tony Shalhoub and my parents.

And your parents.

Yeah, I mean three, really.

That was more of a loss.

Yeah, that was a loss.

But that was, you weren't ready for that one.

That was more of a personal loss rather than a career loss.

I know about personal and career losses.

I'm so sorry.

This time it's personal.

We all know.

Yeah.

I mean, yeah, Cal.

Who me?

Yes, Californication.

I'm sorry.

Original founding member.

Have you ever taken on the Sugarhill Gang?

Because they sound dangerous.

They have.

Oh, I got to intervene here.

They're just a group of guys.

They like to have fun making music, talking about bad food and bragging about color TVs.

But a gang nonetheless.

Yeah, I don't know.

It sounds like a real MS-13 situation.

It really is.

I think you should put them away.

A lot of henchmen and goons.

Yeah, I'm scared with them out there on the streets.

Don't be scared of the Sugarhill goons.

They're just friends of the Sugarhill Gang.

Who wear patches of the Sugarhill Gang on their jackets.

That's right.

They have their names.

Their clever names.

Like Sucrose, Stevia.

Oh, Stevia.

Wasn't he in Breaking Bad?

Never mind.

Alfred.

Alfred's not here to help you.

Alfred, Google Stevia.

Where is he?

So, Batman, what a long and storied career you have.

I mean, it's just amazing the things you've done.

It's true.

Yeah, it really is.

I mean, only, yes.

Sorry, I was just going to say, how much longer, Batman?

I mean, you know, you can't do this forever.

Until the world is free of darkness.

Oh.

When do you hang up the cape that looks like wings that makes everyone think that you're an actual bat?

Is that the only reason for your cape?

I never hang it up.

You never hang it up?

The cape.

It just lies on the floor when you take it off?

Yeah, I just toss it.

Oh, that's a lot of work for Alfred.

I got many capes.

Oh, you have more than one cape.

I go through a shit ton of capes, yeah.

How many capes do you go through a year?

Depends on a good night.

Let's just say I fight eight bad guys.

I'll go through eight capes.

Eight whole capes.

I cape a bad guy, pretty much.

Are they good in the rain?

That depends.

I have different types.

Oh, you have a rain one?

Leather capes, photo capes, leather capes.

Picture capes.

Do you ever get caught in the rain and you wear the wrong cape?

Once.

Yeah.

What happened?

I was fighting Mr. Freeze.

Oh, no.

And it started to rain.

He can freeze those raindrops.

And he did.

Oh, no.

And they went right through my poncho cape.

Was your poncho cape?

Oh, he had arm holes in there, too.

Yes, arm holes.

It had an Oakland Raider symbol on the front.

Oh, so it was just like a regular poncho.

I had got that in Oakland game.

Yeah, it was pretty much just a poncho that I put bad air on.

Had you read the weather report or something before going out there?

No.

Hey, Mr. Freeze.

Yes.

He was a scientist, right?

Correct.

Why was he Dr. Freeze?

You put in all that time, all that work.

Exactly.

I would insist.

I never thought of that, actually.

Yeah, it doesn't make any sense.

He should be Dr. Freeze.

It's more impressive, by the way.

Yeah, exactly.

And really not a villain.

Just wanted to save his wife.

Yeah, well, I mean, but he also did freeze people, too.

He did freeze people, too.

Villainous ends.

Why not, like, Dr. Freeze DDS or whatever he is?

Was he a dentist?

I think he must have been a dentist.

He had to be.

A cold dentist.

He was a cold dentist.

And so is everyone in Arkham Asylum right now?

There are all.

Is everyone in there?

Everyone's in there.

All the bad guys are put away.

Every single person is in Arkham Asylum.

Bernie Madoff.

Right now, Bernie Madoff is there.

He's right there in the front.

The jinx.

Right there.

Bernie Madoff in the front?

Right there in the front.

Who's in the back?

Right.

You take a left Bernie Madoff, you take a right Robbie Durst.

Robbie Durst is there.

He's insane.

Phil Spector.

Phil Spector's there.

Hey, how soon till Dustin Hoffman plays the jinx on HBO?

Or De Niro.

It's got to be one of the two.

De Niro's.

It's already happened.

I feel like De Niro's done a couple.

I watched Paterno on a plane recently.

How fun was that?

Fun watch?

Shh.

It is a fun watch.

Great acting, right?

Yes.

What kind of plane were you on?

A bad wing.

Weren't you piloting it?

Should you really be watching Paterno while you're steering?

Bad autopilot.

Can I ask this?

Batman, was there more than one movie available?

I have a series of films available.

But you chose Paterno.

But I chose Paterno.

OK.

That's when you really look at Paterno out of everything one could watch.

There's so many available things.

Imagine scrolling through and you're like, OK, I got this option, got this option, Paterno, this one.

I'm going to go back to Paterno.

I'll tell you my exact trailer.

Sure.

OK, Batman.

I haven't seen Jumanji yet.

It seems like a plane movie.

Yeah, the new one.

But it also seems like a CGI heavy film.

Sure.

I don't want to watch that on a plane screen.

That makes sense to me.

Jumanji's out.

So Jumanji's out, right.

A quiet place.

You want a darkened theater.

Yeah, sure.

You don't want to be on a plane.

But I really want to see that.

Right.

Watched it at home, not on a plane.

Right.

Loved it, sure.

Hey, what's this, Paterno?

That would be fucking weird.

Do you know what?

It's just that would be weird.

Let's watch the first five minutes and see where this bitch go.

It sort of makes sense in a way that it would lessen the horror of Paterno to have it on a smaller screen.

That's the way you could handle watching it.

It really is.

Yeah, Paterno is best viewed on an iPhone or something.

It's been on my DVR for, I just can't get in the right mood.

I made the mistake.

80% of Paterno is Al Pacino.

I kind of wish this was television making this face.

He's troubled.

Very concerned.

He's very concerned.

80% is just very concerned.

Who does he play?

Turns to the camera.

Does he play the guy who busts Paterno?

Or he plays?

No, he plays Paterno.

So he's concerned?

Lou Frankie Paterno.

I guess that's better than if he was Lou for a Paterno.

I guess it's better than if he was just whistling all the time.

So he's conflicted about his actions.

That movie should be called, hey, I really don't want to talk about it because that's the sense I got from it.

Yeah.

Did you ever fight Paterno?

I did.

Did you put Paterno away?

I brought him down single-handedly.

Wow, it only took one minute.

And he's in Arkham now?

For the first time in 1972.

And then I did nothing about it.

Yeah, you told Paterno, hey, you better stop it.

I'm going to stop this.

And then he just, you took his word for it.

Then he said, stop.

I believe you.

I will not return.

They don't call him returno.

What if they made a sequel to Paterno called, Returno.

Paterno, Returno.

Hey, everyone, Paterno, Returno.

OK, we have a big announcement here at HBO.

We're doing a sequel to Paterno because not enough of the story has been told.

And you know what?

To be whimsical, we're calling it Paterno, Returno.

Well, Batman, I got to say it's, yes, Batheu.

I got to say that you're one of Gotham's most fascinating citizens, a lot like Bruce.

You're one of.

You're right up there.

Well, there is that guy, Gary.

Who's Gary?

I don't know that I know him.

Gary from Gotham.

The most interesting man in Gotham.

Gary from Gotham.

Gary.

The guy that rides that big, tall bicycle?

He's got that tall bicycle.

Oh, yeah, he's fascinating.

He's got the cockatoo on his shoulder?

Cockatoo on his shoulder.

Oh, yeah, he shows up to coffee shops with both of them.

But I mean, you're.

He's always saying, Mary.

That guy, Gary.

Like Jack K?

Just like Jack K. Exactly like Jack K.

Did you ever find Jack K?

I did.

I remember it like it was yesterday.

It was 227.

227 yesterday?

It was 227.

So it was like 27 minutes after you got up?

Correct.

Now, 227 is a comedy show.

227 is a comedy.

Why do I still remember that commercial?

OK.

What commercial?

Oh, you were just saying that it was a comedy?

Yeah, 227 is a comedy.

Yeah.

We just have one last thing that we need to do on the show, and that's a little something called Plugs.

I got a good feeling that's coming on.

And then I realized that it's Plugs.

Whoa, nice and short.

I love it.

That is Getting Plugs on the Boat by Todd Fronauer.

That's a fun song.

Yeah, is that sort of like yacht rock?

Is that what he's trying to say?

But.

Maybe so.

Yeah, I loved it.

Thanks to Todd Fronauer.

And what are we plugging?

Californication.

I just want to plug in.

My name is Cal, and I'm here to say.

Yeah.

I have nothing to plug on this particular day.

What are you doing?

Oh, we thought you were launching into it.

Oh, I thought you had like dust in your mouth or something.

No, no, no, no.

You're trying to get it out.

I do have dust in my mouth.

Is that why you sound that way?

Yes.

Wait, is this the dust from the little bit of luck, blowing it in your face?

It's true.

It ruined my voice.

Scratch your dust?

Did you not talk like this before?

My first fight, no.

OK.

So what did you talk like before?

Yeah, you have any old sound clips of what you used to sound like?

Hold on, let me see.

Do I have an iPod hooked up?

Yeah, OK.

Here we go.

Yeah, this is what I used to sound like.

Hello.

Voice.

Hello.

It's a very familiar voice.

Is it really?

That's not familiar to me.

Well, you don't listen to the show.

It seems like a- I'll kill you.

Is there a way I can listen to it?

Yeah.

I mean, do you have a Stitcher premium account?

Jay Davidson's penis.

I don't know what those words are.

The app is a little wonky, but you can figure it out.

Oh, the app is no good.

I'm off board.

Wait.

Oh, this I like.

This is sort of like a rap.

I came in a terrible boy.

Did you ever fight the prince?

I did.

The prince of crime.

I killed him.

Oh, no.

You killed prince?

Oh, no.

No.

Did you get him addicted to drugs first?

He was.

It was confusing.

He was dressed as half Batman and half the Joker.

No.

That's terrifying.

Did he have a microphone gun?

He did.

Oh, did you think he was pointing it at you?

He said, get the funk up.

And I said, what, that sounds like a threat.

It almost sounds dirty.

Yeah.

Well, Batman, or I'm sorry, Bathew, do you have anything to plug?

I would like to plug my new book.

Oh, wow.

You have a book coming out.

Really?

Congratulations.

It's a cookbook.

Really?

It's called Bad Food.

Bat Food.

You know what Bad Food?

Yeah, it sounds a lot like bad food.

I don't know that if you.

That's what I said, bad food.

Oh, you said bad food.

So your cookbook's called Bad Food.

Correct.

By Batman.

And what kind of recipes are these?

Or are they recipes?

Just like macaroni and cheese with cigarette butts and nickels in it.

The macaroni, is it soggy?

And all the ingredients, yes.

Have you ever been to a party?

It's more of like a joke book.

I've never been to a party.

Oh, joke book.

It's more like a joke book.

I like a joke.

The whole joke is it's just terrible recipes.

The riddle book I had, it was riddles on one side, then you turn it over, and it's jokes on the other side.

And it was fun, because part of the book was upside down all the time.

Right.

But you've never been to a party.

You've never been to a party, and the food is a party.

Oh, I don't like that either.

I've.

And the food is just no good.

The only kind of parties I go to are party parties.

Well, your anus is exposed.

It is.

Who's to the world?

I want to plug the PCAST blast coming up this Saturday, December 15th, at the theater at the Ace Hotel.

Cal, you going to be there?

You know what?

I hope so.

I'd like to make it down there.

It sounds like a lot of fun.

It really will be a lot of fun.

I'll tell you what shows are on.

We have Comedy Bang Bang with What's that?

It's the thing you're on right now.

What?

Yes.

With Paul F. Tompkins, Lauren Lapkus, many other special guests.

We also have the Andy Daley pilot podcast project.

What's that?

Please don't ask that after every show.

I'm very sorry.

I'm just not very informed as to podcasts.

That's all right.

He has something very special planned.

I don't want to spoil it, but it's going to be really cool.

Will you tell me in case I can't make it to the show?

OK, here it is.

I'm sorry.

I should have said in case I can't make it to the show at all, tell me later.

Oh, I'm sorry.

I spoil it.

Because now if I do go to the show, it's spoiled.

Sorry about that.

Well, that's OK.

I wasn't clear.

It's my fault.

We also have Off Book with special guest Reggie Watts is going to be the guest on Off Book, the improvised musical.

Yes, thank you.

We have Teacher's Lounge.

What's that?

And Throwing Shade.

What's that?

And also we have the Doughboys with special guest The Men from Hollywood Handbook.

The Men.

Hashtag The Men.

So that is.

Hashtag Those Men.

Those Men.

That is this Saturday.

Come out and see us.

It'll be a really fun time this Saturday at the theater at the Ace Hotel.

The ticket link is on my Twitter.

All right, let's close up the old plug bag.

Oh, what a bag.

It's time to open it.

What a bag.

Time to open it.

It's time to open the bag.

Time to open the bag.

Have you ever gone over to a friend's house and you have to open a bag?

And the bag is hard to open.

And your friend says it's really a drag.

Then everyone says, oh, I was really in a role.

Yeah, but just because the music ends doesn't mean that the rap has to end.

I mean.

Well, maybe I have like a PTSD from that first barbecue.

The first barbecue with the Sugar Hill Gang.

Oh, my gosh.

You really were on a roll.

I rhymed.

Did you hear it?

Yeah.

It was amazing.

You rhymed, uh, what was it?

Bag and drag.

Yeah, what else rhymes with bag and drag?

Hag.

OK.

That's correct.

Snag.

Snags.

Definitely.

Jag, my favorite TV show.

Everyone's.

Kristin.

It is, right?

Catherine Bell.

The Judge Army General.

Judge Advocate General.

Sorry to correct you.

Sorry.

On your own show.

I apologize.

Well, Jag isn't my show, so.

True.

So you can correct me on other people's shows.

What does comedy bang bang stand for?

I think that's a mnemonic device that we don't have time to get into right now.

Oh, too bad.

We usually do.

We usually do, but unfortunately, someone has to go.

Not my fault my daughter has to go to the doctor.

Oh, no.

I'm so sorry.

You have a daughter with Catwoman?

I do.

How old is she?

One year old.

Oh, so what percentile?

You know, it changes, and I forget.

Oh.

What's that?

She's doing good.

Good.

Well, glad to hear that.

Great.

I don't know what that is.

Well, it's very important when you have kids, you got to know what percentile they're in.

It's almost like a shaming if you would.

They're in the 68th percentile.

It is.

The fatness or something.

Oh, for the height of whatever, but it all just seems.

And then it's a thing you say to your friends who don't have kids, and they have to nod.

Yeah.

But everyone just is born into these bodies that they can't control, you know?

Oh, that's really, that's very poetic, Scott.

Some of us.

I mean, like you, we've never described you.

No, we never will.

Just let's leave it in the listener's imagination.

What do you think you look like?

I wish we had time.

Ah.

Time's the one thing we don't give.

Yeah.

We don't give it.

You ever fought gavit?

I'm gavman.

I have.

That's all I'll say about that.

We have to go.

All right, well, Batman, thanks for literally dropping by.

Who, me?

Sorry, Bathhew.

Thank you.

Thank you, Bathhew Man.

Say hi to your sisters, Amy, Leslie.

Where are they?

I presume they're safe.

Where are they?

I think that they're OK.

I mean, you know, hopefully.

Get that song ready.

And Cal, it's so good to see you.

It's good to see you, Scott.

Thanks for having me on your program.

Always great to expand what we know about you.

You're my best friend.

Really?

OK, well, that's something we didn't know about you.

But I think.

Am I your best friend?

No, I'm fond of you.

You're one of my most pleasant guests.

So no.

No, not really.

OK.

But it is interesting to learn about you that you are the Cali.

Your name is Cali.

I can't do it with this music.

I took like a couple seconds to get the music that you'd already moved on.

But I figured.

Yeah.

Is this Max Schreck's theme?

It's Birth of a Penguin, Part 1.

There's a part two to this?

How many penguins get born in the movie?

All right, well, we'll see you next time, Cal, when you're back.

And Batman, who knows when you'll drop by.

I will drop by when you least expect it.

And I will vanish equally as fast.

He's gone.

My gosh, his song's landed.

It looks like he's just shuffling.

He's gathering up all of his stuff.

I think he thinks we can't see him.

Can I just go out here?

Yeah, just no, just take the.

He threw something down on the ground.

I think it was a smoke bomb that didn't go off.

I think it's just a fart bomb.

Ooh.

Step on that, that would be great.

Yeah, here we go.

Oh.

I left my sunglasses.

They're on the table.

But just, if you could just vent it.

Is this your phone charger?

I'll send it over later.

All right, we'll see you next time.

Thanks.

Bye.
