---
layout: page
title: 580. Ben Schwartz, Horatio Sanz [https：⧸⧸cloudfront.wolfpub.io⧸CBB-580-20181204-SchwartzSanz-v02-PW.mp3].mp3.wav
category: cbb 
---

♪ Comedy Bang Bang ♪ So thirsty I could drink an Arnold Palmer.

So hungry I could eat like Dahmer.

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

All right.

Happy New Year.

Thanks to Pinoy Adoy for that catchphrase submission and happy new year indeed.

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang for 2019.

First show of the new year and look, a tradition was started several years ago.

I couldn't even count how many years ago.

And, uh, we, we have these two guests on and we've had them on for the first show of every year since, uh, two of our old faves.

And, uh, you know them by the names of Benny Schwab, Ben Schwartz, and of course, Horatio Sands.

Welcome guys.

Hey, happy new year to you.

Happy new year to you.

Happy new year.

Happy new year to you.

Happy nagata ya.

Happy nagata.

Oh, oh, rest in peace.

2018, of course, nagata.

Ooh.

How did 2018 die this year?

I mean the nagata, the nagada sayer nagada.

Nagada.

The nagada sayer.

I didn't know what you're talking about.

He did.

RIP.

Definitely.

Great Simpsons episode also.

Great presidential one, but great Simpsons episode.

You're a, yeah, you're a Simpsons guy.

Yeah, Ben.

OJ.

Homer.

It doesn't matter.

What's OJ?

OJ Simpsons?

Who's OJ Simpsons?

Was he in the Simpsons?

Yeah, he was in the first year.

Oh.

In the first year, then he brutally murdered his wife.

Oh, so then he got kicked off the show?

Oh, see, that's why.

I guess I just like, I zoomed through the first year.

Welcome to the show, guys.

Welcome to the show, everybody.

How is everybody?

And welcome to our listeners.

You know, welcome back from break.

Today is the day that traditionally people go back to school, go back to work.

Here we all are.

Wow.

And everybody listens to that Best Of?

Did that just happen?

Yeah, Best Of just happened.

What was number one?

Number one, of course, was our Christmas episode from, Of course.

From 2017.

And Horatio, your show, Educainment Squad, came in very high on the list.

Hello.

And Ben.

Did Schwartz get any of them?

Better luck next time.

No, you're in there with Tommy Middledean.

Oh, Tommy Mootstakes.

You're in the top 10, of course.

So congratulations to you guys, and let's get this one up there.

Happy New Year to ya.

Happy New Year.

Not gonna die.

Isn't that weird that George H.W. Bush said, not gonna die.

And then he died.

Such a bummer.

So terrible.

Rest in peace.

Why are you covering your coffee cup like someone's gonna roofie you?

It's so hot, and Horatio keeps looking at it.

It's so hot, and you're trying to trap the heat into it?

Well, let me tell you something.

When you're letting a tea do its thing, to put a cover on top makes it really schmooshmoosh.

Uh-huh.

What is its thing?

What do you mean?

Its thing right now is having a goddamn party.

It doesn't want you to see it.

Ah, OK.

Its little bags are playing with the water and being like, you want to have one?

Do you want to have one?

Benny Schwab, the elegant Mr. S, has a tea bag in a mug.

Yeah.

And he's trying to make it sound cool.

OK.

And I'll talk about you.

And Scott right now is just wearing a little miniskirt.

He's drinking out of a thimble, but inside the thimble is absinthe.

It is 10 AM in the morning.

I am in a miniskirt.

It's not really a miniskirt.

It's a costume from the 1800s.

I'm a steampunk now.

Yeah, but why?

But tell me why.

2019 is about the steam.

19.

Teen and steam.

They don't rhyme, but they love Raj.

I love Raj so much.

Ah, all right.

That's me, Horatio Sanz.

Horatio Sanz, ex-SNL.

Although maybe future SNL, you could come back like Chris Parnell.

I can always come back.

Yeah.

You know what I mean?

I can always come back.

What if they just hired everyone back?

Would you come back if they said we want you for three more years?

Reboot?

You guys talking about 2001 reboot?

Would you come back?

They're like, hey, we want you for two years.

Would you come back?

No.

Oh, wow.

Shit.

That turned great.

That turned fucking great.

I think I would love to see you on that show again.

You're one of the funniest people of all time.

And I would just love to see you just be on that show again.

See you doing sketch.

What are they called?

Stetch comedy?

Stetch comedy.

And what it is is you get a premise, and then you get a place and location.

And Horatio goes, it's me, Aaron Neville.

You have to say where you're at.

You have to say things you like to say.

Yep.

You have to say them three times.

How many characters did you have in the tank that you never got to do?

Oh, wow.

Oh, that didn't get to do anything?

Can you break out one of your faves you didn't get to do for us?

Well, you know, it's funny because when you first start, they're like, we need to know your character so we know we can figure out who owns them.

Right.

Yeah, they don't care about how are they going to do on the show.

Are they going to be funny?

How best do we present these characters?

They just want to know who owns them.

Wait, is that true?

Like if you want to play the Stay Puft Marshmallow Man, you mean?

No, literally you have to write down the characters that you're going to debut on the show, right?

So that they can own them.

This happened on my show, too.

Oh, wow.

I had to write down a whole list of like stuff that I own my character.

I own.

No, anyone who came on Comedy Bang Bang, I worked out the deal where I was like, I can't do the show unless they own their own characters.

They're literally making them up.

But but I had to anything that I did, I had to write down the previous like, no, no, I own this all.

Yeah, it's so crazy.

Dr. Diarrhea Pants is a character you own.

Yeah, I owned him so they can never do a movie.

Fuck, I'm in pre-production in that movie.

What?

You stole my character?

It's me and Osama Bin Lana playing Dr. Diarrhea Pants.

So Rachael, you wrote down your characters?

So, yeah, what you end up doing is you may end up making like 30.

And then you're like, if something hits, I'll just be like, that was George.

That's the guy.

And I own that.

And you can't make a movie.

So I own Carol.

So if you guys want to do a Carol movie.

Carol.

What was Carol?

Let's do Carol.

Do Carol real quick.

I'm Carol!

What did Carol do?

She is just a big.

She's a heavy, lusty, dirty woman who didn't care.

Just a filthy, terrible woman.

You've just described yourself other than the woman.

It's just me in drag.

Yeah.

And I just do, ah!

I like that.

Like Kathy.

Kathy from the comic strips.

Kathy who says Ack.

A dirty Kathy.

Yeah.

Dirty Kathy.

Was this something you did on stage a lot?

No, it was something that Seth wrote a sketch about wife swapping.

And he just said, be an awful woman.

And I was Colin.

He commanded you to be an awful woman.

He's like your Colin's girlfriend or wife.

Who's Colin?

Colin Farrell.

Oh, Colin Farrell.

And so he just said, just be an awful woman.

And then I just did that.

Isn't that weird?

Like the people that you worked with that you played Colin Farrell's wife.

Isn't that weird?

Like he's a huge movie star.

You played his wife.

Like you, you shared the screen with all these random disparate people that have you ever seen them ever again?

Yeah.

I saw Dylan McDermott at the phone store.

Oh, he's a nice dude.

Very nice.

Was he buying?

Right.

Well, he had a phone and I was walking into Verizon.

He's like, Hey, how you doing ratio?

Oh, is he sure?

Sure.

It's not Rocky Balboa.

Check this phone out.

A Ronnie Dangerfield.

Now you're not even close to a guy.

Hey, check this out.

He's a Motorola.

This gives me no respect.

Get a room.

You guys got to get a warehouse.

I tried to make a call.

This bitch won't call me.

That's not what he did.

He introduced me to the Motorola guy and I got a free Motorola phone.

Is that you in the free Motorola?

By the way, you promised me a phone.

How many years ago?

Three years ago.

I promised you a phone probably like seven years ago.

And I called the person.

They never called me back.

I really did try to make that would have been a nice business.

They work in phones.

They should be calling people back all the time.

This is the thing.

If anybody wants to give something free to Scott Horatio or I, is there an email they can let's set up an email?

Let's set up any kind of email.

Let's set up an email, Benny, Benny, Schwab, Raj and the Ockman.

Yeah.

The pod father.

Good luck.

Yeah, that'd be great.

That entire email address.

Let's get someone to set that up.

Someone set that up and then just anything free.

We'll take anything.

Yeah.

If we don't like it, we'll leave it at the office.

Don't give it a goodwill.

Yeah.

Or we'll throw it in the old circular file.

Like I could use wireless headphones if you guys have.

I could use anything.

The stuff that I spend money on the most is food.

Probably food.

Yeah.

Would you say food?

I don't know.

Food and rent and, you know, like food and shelter.

Yes.

So buy me a house.

Or?

Or food.

Just buy me food every day.

Have you guys done that one where they send you a bunch of food and you cook it?

Yeah, yeah.

We do it all the time.

Blue Box Foods or something like that?

Yeah.

I don't want to say specific brand names because.

But you've done that.

But we have done it.

It's wonderful, wonderful stuff.

In fact, I may advertise one of them a little later today.

Wow.

I can't wait.

That's why I listen to the podcast.

Stay tuned.

For a real cool commercial.

I know you guys didn't ask, but I spend most of my money on.

Various crates.

OK, tell me what that means.

Like loot crate.

Loot crate.

Yeah, yeah.

And crate.

So foot crate is one that I've been using.

Foot crate.

What is in foot crate?

You get one pair of fun sock.

One sock?

One pair of sock?

You get a pair of sock.

Oh, that's fun.

And then you get foot creams.

Oh, wow.

So it's just you always get one pair of socks.

And I got a little stone to scrape off my bunions.

Yeah.

My bunions.

You're cool.

You don't scrape off bunions.

What do you do?

I got to get that operated on.

You sure I've been scraping them off like crazy.

Are those bunions?

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

I take two pencils and I just keep stabbing them until they get out of the place.

What are bunions?

Raise your hand if you have a hemorrhoid right now.

I think a bunion is like a bone growth.

Really?

Oh, yeah.

That's so terrible.

So you'd have to hack it off.

You know, you have to go.

Hack saw Jim Duggan it.

Yeah.

Rest in peace.

RIP hack saw.

So hack saw, yeah.

The people we lost.

Oh my god.

Oh god.

George HW Bush hack saw.

Play a little sad music while we talk about it.

Let's talk about the people we lost last year.

We've only just begun to die.

The Oscars in memoriam segment is coming up in a few short weeks.

Who's hosting the Oscars?

Do we know yet?

We don't know.

Well, as of this taping, we don't know.

So there's a chance one of us could be hosting the Oscars.

There is a chance.

I would love to do that.

Here's what I want to achieve in 2019.

Yeah.

OK.

We had our New Year's resolutions.

I want to host the Oscars this year in February.

OK.

And I want during the Super Bowl halftime show, I want comedy bang bang live podcast performance to be in the Super Bowl halftime show.

And that's in a few short weeks, I know.

But I think it can happen.

Is it possible?

It's very possible.

Why don't you make your own halftime show and do it like a live or do a podcast and have it?

I want the official, baby.

I want to be on the field.

I want all those cheering people with the pre-made signs that are acting excited.

Three dumb or something like that.

Well, CBB probably is the.

But yeah, those are the things I want to achieve.

Do you guys have resolutions?

This is going to blow your mind.

I was hoping that I could start a podcast and it'd be the halftime show of the Super Bowl.

Of this year, you got to start it.

Well, I don't know.

The halftime show is coming up in like four weeks.

What's a big dream?

If we're really going to dream as big as we can.

I wish that I wish that I could breathe through my nose better.

Yeah, you have I mean, you got that.

Yeah, I got a deviated septum.

Yeah, you know, you get that off.

I'm nervous.

I'm too nervous.

Have you done it?

Yeah, I did it.

And it cleared up.

I see.

Oh, yeah.

And now what do you sound like?

And then I sound like this.

Oh, yeah.

I like this better.

You were one of the Muppets for a long time.

Yeah, who were you?

On accident.

Yeah, they heard me talking on a subway and they're like, come in and audition.

This is before before us.

No.

Yeah, right.

And they just got you in there and then they then they stuck their fist up your ass.

Yeah, they stuck my they everyone stuck their hand up my ass.

And they did a joke of like, let us manipulate your mouth.

Oh, that's a thing that I wish for.

I wish that people come up to me and just stick a full hand up my.

If you see Benish on the street.

Oh, don't even don't even ask.

Don't even make this a bit.

I'm worried.

So many people.

Do you know that's how Houdini died.

That's not the Houdini.

The Houdini I heard is a different sexual thing.

No, the Houdini died by people.

What I mean to say is he said on in his performances, I can tighten my stomach to such an extent that you can punch me in the stomach and I can withstand it.

And so he would have people coming up and hitting him in the stomach.

But as part of his performance, now, someone came up to him on the street, unbeknownst to him, and just like punched him in the stomach, like, hey, I'll get you here.

He hadn't clenched his stomach or whatever.

And he died from stomach.

No, he did not.

Yes, he did.

That's exactly how he died.

I'll tell you how I know that.

Because when I was in the sixth grade, we all had to do book reports.

And my friend Doug would always lie on his book reports and write a whole book report about about a book that he had never read.

And the teacher would always ask him questions.

And so he said, Doug, how did Houdini die?

Because he had read a biography of Houdini.

And he said he drowned in one of his things.

He's like, nope.

Now, the best one was, was he my friend Doug supposedly read Old Yeller and the teacher read this whole book report, which obviously hadn't read it.

He goes, Doug, who is Old Yeller?

And Doug said, the dad?

That is how he died.

How did you hear?

I heard he died by putting a Q-tip too far in his ear.

Really?

All these things seem like things that our parents told us when we were younger.

Did you hear anything?

Yeah, he had this thing where I know he had the stomach thing.

Yeah.

But that's not what killed him.

What killed him was he did a radio interview and said that he liked having people put their fingers up his ass.

Oh, that's probably what it was.

And then someone just did it on the street?

Yeah, someone, a really tall guy, like, you know, that guy, he had some kind of giganticism.

Josh.

Yeah, Josh the Gigantic.

And is this your pledge to the listeners that if someone were to come up to you and just tickle your anus, I will tell you right now, you won't get mad.

Nothing would make me more unhappy in the world.

Literally, if a stranger came up and tickled my asshole, it would make me so unhappy.

Please don't do this.

People coming up and saying, Hey, non man, that's fine.

That's words.

People come up to me all the time and say, Benny Schwab, or they start singing a song.

But if they were to just give you a tiny little tickle of the anus.

We're spending so much time on this.

Now you're making it a thing.

What's the worst thing someone could do if they would give me the best and worst thing?

Worst best thing someone could do when they come and see Scott?

I think someone comes up to me and says, You know what?

Your work is so meaningful to me.

It's gotten me through all the hard times.

And the worst is, yeah, touching me anywhere on any part of my body from tip to taint.

And even down below on the feet.

I was gonna say, let me touch them knees all day.

No, thank you, baby.

Sure.

I'll touch those knees.

Well, all day.

One, two, my two, three.

Four.

Give me some more.

I'm talking five, six, seven, eight, nine, ten.

Be my friend.

I'm a twelve.

I'm an elf.

Would you happy we kept going with that?

Have you ever played an elf in a Christmas movie?

Yes, of course he has.

Which one?

Oh, no.

That's an L you did.

By the way, we'd Christmas.

The Christmas season just occurred and the Christmas song that you co-wrote.

I wish it were Christmas today.

Is that what it is?

Yes, sir.

It was in a commercial for a while and it's become a Christmas standard, much like Mariah Carey's All I Want for Christmas is You.

How does that make you feel?

It's funny you should say that because that's my favorite Christmas song, by the way.

Mariah Carey.

The one that you wrote?

Well, the one I wrote and then I would say Judy Garland, Have Yourself a Merry Little Christmas, and then Mariah Carey's.

Okay, so those are the top three.

Those are the top three.

And the Arthur theme is up there for me as well.

When you get go, you sound like singing that.

Oh, thank you.

Good.

The best you can do.

Fall in love.

I love it.

Did Elton John ever see that and did he ever reach out to you and tickle your anus?

T-ray.

Did he ever T-ray?

They never tickled my anus.

I was invited to go to his house.

You were?

I was invited by.

Which house?

Well, he must own several or else he owns one.

You know, it was Ozzy's wife, Sharon.

Sharon was born.

Sharon!

Remember that?

I did her show.

No one remembers that.

No.

Is that from Rocky?

I don't know.

I don't even know.

No, that's Rocky.

Hey, Sharon.

And sexy Rocky.

And Sharon asked me to fuck.

Oh, Jesus.

Rocky.

Sharon, how well do you know Shane, Rocky?

What are you doing here?

Right?

Uh, what a fuck.

And you know that thing about boxing?

Yeah, you're not supposed to.

Oh, I thought it was the opposite.

No, you were supposed to be in the ring in two minutes.

Put your pants on.

Too late.

Well, you were fully hard right now, Rocky.

And five more minutes.

Ten more minutes.

Is it ten?

Rocky.

So how well do you know Sharon Osbourne?

I don't know her that well, but I did her show and she invited me to go to her house.

Okay.

To have dinner.

And Elton John was going to be there.

Oh, wow.

I bailed.

Why?

Why would you bail?

Everybody you play.

Because I'm pretty awkward anyway, but just being with those people would be too much.

I would like to meet them and say hello and goodbye, but I don't know if I would like to sit there and have dinner with them.

So I didn't and I never got any feedback from Elton John that he liked it.

You know, for instance, when I when I did Ozzy, he'd send me Christmas cards and.

Oh, really?

And he sent me like cakes one year for Christmas.

Cakes?

So like multiple cakes?

Like, yeah, like a little gift basket.

Okay.

Oh, God.

I got like five cheesecakes.

So I was going to give you five.

Horatio, take these cakes off my head.

You are good.

I like to get cakes.

Rocky, come on.

Everybody comes there.

I think you're going to get married.

Do they send me the wedding cakes?

So there are other people's wedding cakes?

Yeah.

He sent me like six wedding cakes.

That's not unbelievable.

So he would send you he would send you nice little things.

So I thought so.

I knew that they went.

When did that end, by the way?

When you were off SNL or when you stopped doing him?

Or do they still to this day?

So go to that place in New York.

You just don't get them in.

Yeah, they're probably just going to SNL.

Yeah.

Okay.

But but so I decided not to because he never I don't get it was never a very like it was kind of like he's a dick in my impression.

So Elton John was Elton John.

Right.

Yeah.

Okay.

But I would imagine that someone like Elton John, he probably has a great sense of humor.

He probably sees the humor in that.

Well, I can tell from from just seeing him that he hates being fat.

Oh, the fattest guy in SNL play him.

That's an issue.

When you say fast, a ton of weight.

You lost a ton of weight.

But when you say fattest guy on SNL, you mean of that current year or do you mean of any of that current year?

Yeah, you weren't the fattest guy in SNL.

I think I was I may have been close.

I don't.

Farley was I think like 320 or something.

Right.

Where did you top out?

I was about 290 something.

So yeah, there you go.

I could have been there.

Yeah.

Well, I tried and then you told me to cut the shit.

Remember that?

Yeah.

Remember that?

You just said all right.

I did.

I looked him in the eyes.

I'd home after the show.

He said, hey, buddy, do me a favor.

Cut the shit.

And he said, all right, man.

And then he lost 125 pounds the next day.

Wow.

Because so many people touch his asshole and kept making him shit.

So he just like, yeah.

Do you do any impressions outside of an asshole being touched or no?

No, that's all.

This is it.

Just ratio.

I've told you many times, I believe that I once went to an SNL back in 2001 in late 2001 and went to an after party and you were there and you were very nice.

Horatio was the first person of stature to be nice to me.

Really?

The very first.

Yep.

At McManus, he would be kind to me and didn't care that I was like an intern at UCB and he'd be very nice.

It was him.

McBrayer and Amy were very nice to me.

Those three.

Very nice.

But Horatio went out of his way, went far out of his way to make sure.

How far?

How far are we talking?

Like he would kiss me.

Like he would take me to the bathroom.

I'd kiss you on the top of your head when you said something funny.

I said something funny.

Yeah.

He would, but it's at the time when you're an intern, I was, you know, doing the garbage.

No, I was literally doing the garbage and letting people into UCB so I can get free classes.

And then we would go to McManus after ASCAT and he was there and a lot of people would go and then sometimes when a bunch of people leave, it would just be like fewer people and I'd be very nervous because it's Horatio and his SNL and he's so funny and he would always give me time and talk about stuff and help me out.

And he's the reason that I was able to freelance for Weekend Update.

Horatio Sandoval.

The reason for the season.

Amazing.

Yeah.

Horatio, you're one of the most generous, not only performers, but human beings in the world.

Which is why it's hard for us to say that you're dying.

That's what they say.

It's hard to say, but you're going the way of HW Bush in 2019.

Sorry, buddy.

Scott, you know what?

I gotta say, we've made people dying jokes on the show and then they have died so I don't want to do it.

Don't want to do it.

We take it back.

Knock on wood.

Everybody knock on wood, Scott.

Please.

Not in this day and age.

Nope.

Not in this climate.

Can't do it.

Do you guys not believe in knocking on wood?

Yeah.

You don't want to knock on it.

I don't know what it is.

What is the knock?

Why wouldn't you do it anyway, just in case?

I don't believe in it.

Then you're going to kill him.

Nope.

Sorry.

Sorry, Horatio.

Jesus Christ, because you won't knock on this?

Yeah, I'm not going to knock on this.

Wow.

Jesus Christ.

This come from...

Thank you, Horatio.

222.

I don't know.

222.

You're the only person that hasn't knocked, by the way.

What's 222?

What are you talking about?

That's the Jewish thing.

When you spit three times.

Oh, no, sir.

Sir, I've never heard of tui-tui-tui.

Poo-poo-poo?

Oh, oh, there, like when you go to the side and say something three times?

Yeah.

I don't know what that is.

What?

I've never heard of it.

It's like knocking on wood.

Oh, yeah.

It's like a superstition thing.

Like you say, you're going to die eating that.

Oh, God forbid.

222.

I forget what it is.

That is a thing, though.

Oh, is that like a spitting over your shoulder thing?

It's like, patui patui, something like that.

Well, guys, we need to take a break.

How's that sound?

Because we have a very exciting guest coming up.

I'm not quite sure who it is.

Goodness, I can't wait.

We're going to come right back and we'll talk to that aforementioned guest, as well as Benny and Horatio will be here.

First episode of the new year.

And by the way, I need to hype this.

Coming up at the end of the show, we'll have a brand new closing.

Whoa.

Of the Plug Bags theme.

What the fuck?

This time it's going to be about closing.

It will be about closing.

We've gotten your notes.

We've gotten your comments.

Just to hype that.

That's coming up towards the end of the show.

We finally going to retire that old one that bugged the shit out of everyone.

All right, we'll be right back with more Comedy Bang Bang after this.

Comedy Bang Bang.

We're back here with Benny Schwath, the elegant Mr.

S of House of Pies fame.

It's over.

That television show's over.

I just did a new pilot for Showtime.

OK, great.

And Horatio.

I mean, not even.

All right.

Yeah.

I mean, you hate my television shows.

OK, yeah.

And where did Horatio go?

Horatio left.

He just finished laughing.

And then he left.

Where did he go?

Yeah, he just.

On one of those bird scooters.

Crazy.

I hate those things.

They're all over the place.

But we have to get to our next game.

We can't wait for Horatio to come back, unfortunately.

Or, and this is a big or, you and I just fucking high five the remainder of the show.

That would not.

I mean, that would probably not be.

Let me finish with our butt cheeks.

You separate.

Very low for a high five.

That's true, but we can jump.

You separate, then let go at the same time and hope that we slap.

Is the theory to get like your butt cheek like to go boom, you know.

Even odd, even odd.

So your butt cheek, my butt cheek.

Let's try to take off your pants.

OK, my pants are already off.

Right.

Or you're in a skirt.

OK, and my pants are off.

OK, here we go.

Oh, it's cold in here, right?

Yeah, very.

All right.

Here we go.

Ready?

OK, jump up on three, two, one.

Mine clapped just once.

Yours are continuous.

How do you do that?

Jesus, I don't know, man.

I'm tired.

You're like a flamenco dancer in your butt.

All right.

We do need to get to our next guest.

And it's a brand new guest, you said.

I've never seen this person.

I've never talked to this person unless I've seen them maybe out and about, maybe in a store or something.

Oh, but you're not quite certain if you knew this.

Well, I don't want to say for certain that I've never seen this person because I don't know where they're from.

I may have been in a Ross dress for less and casually cramps to this person.

Yeah, that's true.

But his name is Johnny Solis.

Welcome to the show.

Hello, Johnny.

Thank you, guys.

Hey, Johnny.

Hello, Johnny.

This is very nice.

Remember that?

Here's Johnny.

Oh, here's Johnny.

I know that one.

That's what it is, yeah.

Johnny, I'm Ben That's Scott.

Ben, nice to meet you.

Nice to meet you.

And Scott, very nice to meet you.

So nice to meet you, John.

As well.

Tom Bien-Mien's as well.

And where are you from, Johnny?

You sound great.

I'm from Cuba.

You sound great.

Cuba.

I'm from Cuba originally, but recently I come to the United States to play baseball.

Oh, wow.

Oh, you're a bass player for the major leagues, minor leagues?

I do for the New York Mets.

You're a bass player for the, or a bass, not a bass player.

You play the bass for the Mets for their song, Here Come the Mets?

You know, last year we went to, we barely made it to the playoffs.

Didn't even make it to the playoffs, and I felt so bad.

I don't know, actually.

And I just signed off here.

Just two weeks ago, I signed a new contract.

With the Mets?

For the Mets.

I'm going to be there for seven years.

Oh, wow.

Seven year contract.

Huge contract for baseball.

123 million dollar, Connie, and everything else.

That's crazy.

I've never even heard of you.

That's huge.

Well, you, if you go to him.

What position do you play?

I, uh, I'm a closing pitcher.

Wow.

I started.

Closing pitcher.

Oh.

So I closed the game.

I can do middle release sometime, but my best thing is I go.

You go and just close it up and just seal the deal.

The Mariano Rivera of the Mets.

OK, well, congratulations.

Seven years for how much money?

120.

Wow.

That's going to be so much, and I don't mean to be rude.

You know, I just like to play ball.

I like to give 100%.

I like to be lit 100 for the people.

It's like $17.5 million a year.

It's a ton.

And that's how much they pay me, man.

But, you know, I'm going I do good things for the people.

And I like the game.

Well, what do you do?

That's a good question, because probably in Cuba, and tell me if I'm wrong, you probably didn't have nearly that much money, right?

Oh, no way.

In Cuba, you know, uh, you know, they say, like in Cuba, you know, you don't go to police.

Police go to you.

I didn't know that.

I didn't know.

I mean, yeah, I guess I would imagine that.

Yeah.

Well, that also in America, I mean, how many times have you ever been in the police department?

Police will come to here.

Like, I mean, maybe three times a year I'll go to the police department.

Yeah, but that's like holidays and, like, Arbor Day.

Yeah, just to say, like, you guys are doing a good job.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

In Cuba, you don't go cream shopping.

The cream shopping go to you.

Tell me what that means.

This is different.

Someone will deliver a treat to you.

What I'm saying is that it's different than here.

It's different.

It's like we're very poor.

A lot of stuff gets delivered to you?

I don't, I don't, I feel like.

It's just a way how we say in Cuba, how we say things are different.

Oh, yeah, it sounds like it.

So I hate, I feel like you're setting me up, so I'm going to bite.

How poor was I?

Yeah, you said in Cuba I was very poor.

You don't go wait in line for cheese.

Cheese wait in line to say hello to you.

OK, I'm worried now that you're doing Yakov Smirnoff.

Also, cheese is waiting in line to say, there's a big line just to say hello to you?

What does that mean?

It's a saying.

I know it's a saying, but.

Come on, because.

Are you all right?

What's going on?

You're having a heart attack?

You just.

You're either having a heart attack or you're eating cheese.

But I guess it'd be waiting for you.

Yakov Smirnoff is a cultural icon hero.

Oh, he is a big thing.

In Cuba?

Yeah, many Russian.

We name our children after many Russian heroes.

Oh, wow.

I had no idea.

Yeah, my son Yakov is two months.

Oh, you do?

So those were Yakov Smirnoff jokes.

And it's a cultural joke.

And your son is two months old and you just named him Yakov Smirnoff?

Two months.

It's two months old.

Wow.

Yeah.

And I just want to say.

Congratulations on being a new father.

I tell the people of America, I tell the people of New York, that I'm going to do my best.

And I go to.

And I really mean so much to me that you allow me to pitch for you and represent you.

Very cool.

And if I don't do it, I feel terrible.

If you don't pitch, you feel terrible.

If I don't pitch well, I feel terrible.

OK.

Well, I mean, you're getting paid a lot of money.

There's a lot of pressure on you.

But with that money comes the pressure.

And great athletes are the ones who can rise above.

That's true.

You don't let down your manager only your manager and your friend.

Comes to you.

And you don't go to your manager and say, hey, put me in the magic.

Go to you.

That's how we do it.

That's how you do it.

That way you don't go, hey, let me into the field.

I mean, sometimes some people say like, hey, put me in or whatever.

Yeah, but rarely.

They made a whole song about it.

Put me in, coach.

I'm ready to play.

Oh, is that what that's about?

Yeah, that's a yeah.

Well, it's a center fielder, but I was almost certain that was a sex thing.

Yeah, well, it's an analogy.

Yeah.

I call anytime I see a woman, I call their vagina a coach.

Yeah.

Put me in, coach.

I'm ready to play center field.

Yeah.

You don't like try to bang around the side?

No, I feel like it doesn't work as well for my partner or whoever.

You know what I mean?

So you do you ever when you're out there pitching, you don't throw the baseball.

The baseball is thrown to you.

Is that is that what happens?

That's how that's how we start.

You know, I don't I don't make a baseball in front of the people and say, hey, look, I made this baseball.

I throw it.

The baseball comes from the empire or from the catcher.

And ostensibly from the sporting goods company that makes it.

I mean, if you want to get technical.

Yeah.

But then you throw it right.

Then you throw and I throw it.

But then it comes back to me.

Have you ever thrown the ball and it hasn't come back to you?

One time.

Yeah.

When you win the game, it doesn't go back to you.

One time.

Oh, nice.

Little foodies.

Yeah.

Foodie.

So, yeah.

Do you want to tell that story or do you just want to end it one time?

What the story about the one time I threw the ball?

Yeah, it didn't come back to you.

Where'd it go?

No one knows.

You just threw it, disappeared.

Does it go into like some sort of a dimensional warp?

It went through.

It was so, so fast.

I went through the baseball glove.

He went through.

Oh, no, the catcher went through the cat.

So he was holding his glove in front of him, goes through the glove, through the catchers.

What?

Chest.

Big L. Reyes, who's whole catching at the time.

He goes through his glove, through his hand, through his chest.

Oh, no.

Out his back.

Through the umpire?

Through the umpire's nuts.

How have I never heard of you?

This is insane.

It goes through the umpire's testicles.

No.

Yes.

And the ball.

That's a real ouchie.

And then there's a woman.

Oh, no.

Serving nacho.

Oh, no.

In section 105.

And the ball goes through the umpire's nuts into her vagina from the backside.

From the back.

No.

From the back.

So she was bent over to put nachos down.

And the baseball goes right in her asshole.

So maybe it's there.

That's an occupational hazard, though.

That's what we thought.

We said, let's get the ball from the asshole and start the game.

And?

But it wasn't in the asshole.

Wait, the game hasn't started yet?

This is before you were just warming up.

Why are you throwing it so hard?

You're a closer.

Why are you warming up so early in the game?

You ought to warm up fast when you're a closer baby.

Yeah.

You got to get in there right away.

Okay.

You got to get in there.

You shouldn't be out on the field before the game throwing a ball that hard.

You shouldn't be anywhere near anybody eating nachos.

I didn't warn nobody.

I just threw as fast as I could.

Okay.

Is that your thing?

Your thing is as fast?

So then it goes into this woman's buss.

It goes into her vagina.

You said it perfectly.

It goes into the vagina.

And he got a pregnancy.

Oh, no.

With the umpire.

Is that Mr. Met?

Mr. Met is...

And that's how they say Mr. Met was born.

Oh, my God.

You threw a ball?

The legend of Mr. Met.

That's why...

Johnny Solis threw a ball so hard.

It went through an empire's nuts.

And right into the vagina.

Oh, my God.

Into the vagina of a woman serving nachos.

I watch a lot of sports.

And then she got pregnancy.

And then she had Mr. Met.

This is incredible.

That's...

And so technically you're the father.

I'm a baby daddy.

Well, I mean, not really.

Not really.

You're like the doctor who inseminates someone.

Yeah, that's right.

I like a crazy doctor who uses his own sperm to inseminate his patients.

Does that happen?

And then...

You hear about it more than you'd like to admit.

Does that really happen?

It happens.

It happens all the time because the doctor is like, I'm too lazy.

I don't want to buy any.

I don't want to have guys come in here and jerk off.

So this Mr. Met is the fused DNA from the umpire, a nacho woman and a baseball itself.

Just a combination of all these.

Because the baseball is leather, it is like a sheepskin condom.

Yeah.

So basically holds on to all that cover and just puts it...

Wow.

Incredible.

So how do you feel?

Are you proud that Mr. Met is...

I mean, when I see him, I say hello to him.

I say, hey, what's up?

You know, but we don't have that song father relationship.

Yeah.

Cats in the cradle.

Silver spoon.

Little boy blue.

Man on the moon.

When you coming home, son.

Baby, don't...

Know when?

Don't know when.

We'll get together.

We'll get together then.

Yeah.

We know we'll have a good time.

You know we'll have a good time then.

All right.

Nice to see you.

Good to see you, Johnny.

Yes, we'll have a good time.

No, Johnny, you can stick around, right?

Yeah.

I'd like to just say thank you and just to talk about my contract and everything, because I hate it when I go up there and I blow the lead.

Man.

How many times does that happen to you?

I mean, what's your...

Well, I'm making a lot of money.

So, you know, it happened like three, four times last year.

Yeah.

Well, can I be honest?

It seems technically you don't blow the lead.

The lead blows you.

Yeah.

Thanks.

Thank you, Benny Suarez.

Of course.

This is true.

I mean, you know, the player, they have to bat also.

Yeah.

In your league, do you have to bat or do you have a...

I don't.

I don't usually have to bat.

Unless it's the World Series or something.

Yeah.

And you're traveling.

Yeah.

You would have to bat, wouldn't you?

Have you ever played in a World Series?

No, unfortunately I have.

So you've never bat?

No, I never hit me ever.

Oh, wow.

Well, I used to when I met in Cuba when we first started.

You would have to bat there, yeah.

You have to bat.

I went to Cuba recently.

I went to Cuba like three years ago.

Yeah.

We filmed something there.

Where are you from?

I went to Havana.

Are you from around there?

You just named the most populous place.

Havana.

I was in Havana.

Have you ever heard of it?

So you ever heard of Havana?

Yes, I have.

Oh, cool.

You have.

That's where I grew up.

I grew up in Havana.

Oh, you grew up there?

Oh, yeah.

It was crazy.

It was great.

I know.

Weather was tough.

Old cars.

Very old cars.

Many prostitutes.

A lot of...

Oh, we didn't see that.

Were there a lot of prostitutes?

Yeah, my father was a prostitute.

Oh, really?

What did he do?

He fucked, sucked, anything.

Just for money for your family?

Oh, yeah.

Yeah.

Everybody gets a little bit of money, you know, just to live and have a job.

And then you have to make more money.

Tourism.

You got to take advantage of tourism.

Yeah.

Well, that's nice for your father, though.

He was taking care of...

He was a sex worker.

He was taking care of business.

He was until his insights fell out of his asshole.

Oh, he was receiving.

He's receiving all the time.

That's all right.

I mean, so it just, yeah.

Prolapse.

Actually, his asshole prolapsed.

Well, that's too bad.

That's a bummer.

What a sad story.

Were you there for when it prolapsed?

You know, that would be very traumatizing.

He must have perished, right?

He did die.

He did die after that.

Yeah, I was there.

Can you see it?

It was his birthday.

Oh, no.

Wait, you were there while it happened on his birthday.

Yeah, he wanted to take a shit.

And when he came back, he was dragging his insights.

OK.

I don't know.

What did you do?

Did you try to throw him back in real quick?

Or that's why he became a pitcher?

Yeah, I said, stand on your head.

It would stuff it back in.

And then what happened?

OK, I don't know.

And he's like, I'm sick, man.

Don't fuck around.

It's a terrible story.

I feel bad because of the traumatizing.

I was tougher inside to just get it back in.

Everything, man.

It was a lung, a heart, a liver, a kidney.

He like shit out his own mind.

This is horrible.

That's like in cartoons.

That's in cartoons.

How old of a man or a boy were you?

Me, I was 16.

16?

This is too.

I mean, what a terrible situation.

Traumatizing.

Well, no wonder that you have such an odd point of view with your life.

Now we come, you know, you come now, and you come to America, and you start over.

And it's true.

It's too bad that your father didn't get to see you sign this giant contract.

Yeah.

Anything else?

What did your mother do?

What did your mom do?

Oh, my mother worked for the government.

Oh, the government?

Yeah.

OK.

In Cuba.

Did she go to the government, or did the government come to her?

This one, in later years, she worked from home.

So yes, the government did go to her.

Yeah, OK.

So this stuff makes sense a lot.

What did she do?

Was she, does she work for?

She worked for a labor department.

Labor department?

Oh, labor department.

Yeah.

Oh, wow.

And it would help everyone, you know, get yum and placement.

Except for your father.

Except my father, because he told her right away when she got the job, you can't help me.

Fuck you.

Wow.

And she was like, I can help you.

I literally work for the Department of Labor.

I can help you.

A lot of times, you know, how you get paired with somebody is when you go to a doctor.

Whoever's in the lobby, you get paired.

Is that how people get married in Cuba?

I had no idea.

I didn't know that.

So they didn't like each other too much.

So they just got paired up.

They had to get married because of the government.

Yeah.

Oh, they said you have to have babies, and you have to work for the government.

Right.

But you know what?

You wouldn't be here if not for that.

That's true.

Yeah.

I mean, I don't hate them.

I don't hate my country.

I mean, the fruit of their loins now has $123 million contract with the Mets, and is the father, the ersatz father of Mr. Metz.

And also the fruit of your father's loins are all over the floor in which he shit himself out.

Yeah.

True.

In Cuba, yeah.

But by the way, if those things didn't happen, you wouldn't be as strong as you are today.

Yeah.

I mean, if you put the spray that they spray on bodies to see.

Axe body spray?

You know, not ass body spray, but um.

What are you talking about?

The stuff you spray at a crime scene.

Luminal.

What does luminal do?

I don't know about that.

Luminal is the stuff that makes, you know, like.

Fingerprints show?

No, but it's like bodily fluids.

Oh, it shows.

It'll show up in black light.

Yeah.

Towards the end of my father's life, his body was like lava.

It's coming out.

It was so purple and red and all this.

And so if you put luminal in his house.

Just everything is just everywhere.

He just constantly.

It looks like a Star Wars movie.

Oh.

It looks like a Star Wars movie.

That's fun.

So like that little part where the words come up.

It's a big part.

The crawl.

Yeah.

It's a big like.

Episode six.

Big fight with lightsabers and blood and like neon.

But you have to spray luminal to see it.

Yeah, that's fun.

That must be fun for a little kid.

Yeah, it was fun.

It was very much fun.

But uh, but now he dead.

I'm happy I met you, man.

I am really happy.

I'm so happy to meet you guys.

Because now I got to be part of America.

Yeah, I know you have to go.

But I'm so happy that I met you.

We need to take a break.

But uh.

Oh, do they sing in Cuba when you play like for us?

Would you take me out for a seven thing stretch?

For a seventh inning stretch.

Is there a song in Cuba that you guys sing for the stretch or a break?

Yeah.

Boy I eat albanyo.

You need the bathroom?

Can't make it ever.

I want to go?

Can't get it.

Come me go.

We are blowjob.

Wait, wait.

You want to come with me to give you a blowjob?

Yes.

Blowjob.

That's what the stretch is.

We need to take a break.

No, no, no, no.

You go to the side.

It's time for blowjob.

We need to take a break when we come back.

Unfortunately, Johnny, you have to go.

You were saying.

Let's play two.

But we have a different guest coming up.

I believe.

Are you serious?

I'm very.

This is incredible.

Another guest.

What a packed show we have.

We'll be and hopefully Horatio will come back at a certain point.

We'll be right back with more comedy.

I don't know what to expect.

Comedy bang bang.

We're back here with Benny Schwah, the Elgin.

Mr.

S.

I can't believe we have to talk to Johnny for that long.

Johnny Solis.

I've never heard of him, but one of the highest paid baseball players that I've encountered.

Probably the richest person you've ever had in this room.

Definitely.

I mean, we had Ben Stiller on the show.

Oh, wow.

Very briefly back in the first year.

So that Johnny guy probably beats Ben.

I think so.

Probably.

But Horatio still hasn't come back.

I don't know where the fuck he went.

He told me he had to take care of some things.

I don't know what that meant.

I do.

Hopefully he'll be back by the time we sing the song, though.

But before we get to the end of the show, we certainly have one more guest here.

We certainly have one more guest.

We certainly do.

And this is exciting because I don't quite know what he does, but his name is Chris Greslick.

Hello, Chris.

Hello, Scott Aukerman.

Hey, Chris.

Oh, great voice.

How are you, Chris?

Ben, your hair looks beautiful.

Oh, thanks, man.

How are you?

Like the leaves on top of great oaks.

Wow.

That's very poetic.

Can I guess what you are?

What your occupation is?

Yeah.

Okay.

Yeah, guess.

Not ethnicity.

Your ethnicity is so all over the place.

I can't quite put it down.

Yeah, it's a real just combo platter.

Yeah, it's a real combo platter.

I would say that just off of that.

Yes, that's my race.

That you're...

I can't.

I really, I don't want to...

I don't want this to be part of comedy bang bang in 2019.

Guess the race.

Guess the race of the guests, okay?

We're just...

Seems like not the right climate for that type of game.

It's a fun, lighthearted show.

We're not going to be sitting around guessing the race.

Okay, I would say that you're...

Although, if I had to.

A poet?

Scott Aukerman.

Your legs are long and thin.

Like the riverbed that feeds the people.

Okay, I would say you're a poet and maybe you have some sort of Native American background.

Bingo.

Is that true?

That's right.

Oh, cool, man.

I'm a Chippewa Indian.

Oh my gosh, do you run a Chippewa Indian bingo casino as well?

Because you were very quick to say bingo.

Which is not a lot of people say that.

Yeah, especially like...

If we're guessing what each other do.

Our people were murdered.

Our people were desecrated.

Our way of life was tossed asunder.

Oh God.

And now I have to hear a gambling joke.

It's not a joke as much as we were guessing.

I'm so sorry.

I'm so sorry to be insensitive.

I'm sorry, buddy.

That's terrible.

We didn't know.

It was purely a guess of what you did.

You are a poet though?

I'm more of a storyteller.

Oh, okay.

Similar to a lot of comedians when they find they can't really like make it in those clubs.

They turn into storytellers.

Yeah, you get yourself a table and a glass of water.

I get a table.

I write a few notes on a pad.

Yeah.

And I go through interesting characters.

Oh, cool.

Oh, you do character work?

Yeah, sometimes I'll play myself and then I'll play...

Hello?

Oh, okay.

Who's this?

I'm the lady at the diner.

This sounds like a one person show.

Take off your headdress.

It sounds like a one person show.

I'm not wearing a headdress.

You do both.

What?

Why would the lady at the diner be mistaken about you wearing a headdress?

Does your hair look weird?

It's a lot.

It's a part of our identity.

How long is your show?

It's at 30 minutes right now.

We're trying to get it up to 45.

Trying to expand it a little bit.

Yeah.

What do you hope to do?

Invite some industry professionals.

Oh, is that why you're here?

Much like yourselves.

Come check it out.

Where do you perform this?

Oh, yeah.

At Gangland Improv.

Oh, cool.

Where is that?

What's Gangland?

I've never heard of it before.

It's on 56th and Broderie.

Oh.

Broderie?

I don't know those streets either.

Yeah, I'm not quite sure what state, what city.

It's very far south in California.

Almost in Mexico.

Oh, still considered part of LA.

So wait on the LA border before it gets to Mexico?

Yeah, there's one road that takes you about two hours south.

How long can you give me directions?

Sure I can.

You take from here or you take Sunset to the 101?

I mean from New York.

Oh, from New York.

Easy.

95.

Are you in Midtown?

Yeah, definitely in Midtown.

Lincoln Tunnel.

Lincoln Tunnel, OK.

At this time of day especially.

Yeah, right.

That takes us to Jersey.

Now what do we do?

Then you take 95 all the way down through Chicago.

OK.

Then you get on 80.

OK.

Switch over to the 80 in Chicago.

Take on 80 in Chicago, take it all the way through to the Rockies.

The great, beautiful Rockies.

Oh, good.

You get a little storytelling into this.

OK, so we're at the Rockies now.

We're trying to get down to this exact street.

When I got to the foothills of the Rockies, I was so tired that I thought a man standing was an old miner.

Oh.

And when I got closer, it was a cat.

This is...

So wait, you drove down the 80 to the Rockies.

You were very tired.

At the Rockies, I picked up a cat that I thought was a miner because of my dementia.

Oh, you have not mentioned your...

Oh, so you have dementia.

So then this story is about me and the cat and our love.

Do you in the middle of your stories then just tell what the story is about rather than telling the story?

You just kind of bail on it?

I don't want to waste too much time and just get into the story.

I just tell you the specifics.

OK, great.

30 minutes, though, you don't have much time to do stuff like that.

Yeah, you really.

If you wanted to expand your show and it sounds like you do, get into specifics.

Should I get into the specifics?

Yes, probably.

Well, we're on the 80 and we're in the foothills of the Rockies.

The Rockies trying to get us back to California.

Yeah.

And I pick up a cat who I think is a miner.

Right.

This is all well-trod ground.

Do you remember Fort Minor?

Do you get that joke or no?

Fort Minor was a band by one of the members of Linkin Park, I believe.

Yeah.

Is that right?

Yeah, they had one single, as I recall.

What's it called?

You know that one?

No, that sounds like the thing.

Hey, I am glad that you truly are an American Indian, because that would be so offensive.

So I'm truly glad that goodness, you are a Native American.

And there is no way to prove that you are not because this is an audio medium.

That is that is true.

And let me say, there is nothing derogatory about an Indian singing.

Of course not.

I wouldn't say that either.

But if it was like someone else doing it was someone of some other.

You know what I mean?

But thank God.

It also depends if it is another minority, then it's kind of a minority.

It's like Fred Armisen playing Obama.

It's like, really, where do we stand on that?

I don't really know.

We don't have to even think about it now, because you are 100% Chippewa.

And there's no way to disprove that at all.

So this is.

But the audience knows now that they shouldn't unless they are.

Yes, this is on the level, though, and totally above board.

Yeah, if you see an Indian.

Oh, is this your Jeff Foxworthy stuff?

Let me hear it.

If you see an Indian, do not remind him how little buffalo are left in the country.

Let me see what else I got here.

Wait, that's it?

No, just stand up.

That sounds I mean, look, I got to say, that sounds like a setup.

Sounds like it maybe needs a punch line.

Oh, we used to play a game like that.

Oh, yeah, yeah.

I guess the punch line set them up, punch them down.

Why don't we play that a little bit?

What do you know?

I would love your help, gentlemen.

You know, it was called Riddle Me This.

It's time for a little something that we call Riddle Me This.

Riddler.

Oh, this is a good song.

Riddler.

That was a good song.

That's a good song.

That's a really good song.

All right.

It's time to play Riddle Me This.

There's music to it.

Yeah, we had a theme song and everything.

We haven't played this in several years.

But how do we play?

Didn't I invent this with you?

Yes.

And then you've alternately denied ever inventing it and then embracing that you've denied it.

So I'm glad that you're finally back on board that you and I did this for the first time.

Like I should have invented it.

Yeah.

All right.

So this is how we play is one of us says that he had that ready is insane to me.

That's unbelievable that you found that.

One of the engineer Cody Sam over there.

Well, one of us comes up with a...

It's called Search.

Jesus.

Okay, sir.

All right.

Sorry, Chris.

Geez, Chris.

Sorry for the zinger, Ben.

That's fine.

That's not a joke.

These are skills that you're going to want to use in this game.

Good.

So we're going to set them up.

We're going to set them up.

We each come up with what sounds like the setup to a riddle, but is not one.

And then we each will then go around trying to say what we think the punchline to the riddle is.

And then we vote on who had the better punchline.

Okay.

So it's like you set up to a joke and then the joke and then we do it vote.

That seems unlikely.

And either and you can't vote for yourself.

Okay.

You have.

But then that would always since there's only three of us, that would mean that we're always going to get the same amount of votes.

No, the other person, the person who said the setup also votes.

That's right.

That's how it is.

Okay.

Then you want to start us off to the beginning.

All right.

Here's the beginning.

Okay.

So here's the set up.

And Chris, just because I know you just came here.

So we're going to do a set up and then you give me the punchline.

Okay.

And the setup shouldn't be hard.

You shouldn't try to fake it out.

Okay.

Oh my goodness.

I woke up.

Do it in the as a riddle.

Like what do you call it when or something like that?

What do you call it when a very rich guy slips in mud?

Okay.

This is interesting.

Ten seconds to think of something.

All right.

And we're going over here to Chris.

We go clockwise always.

So Chris 10, you're on the clock.

What do you call it when a very rich guy slips in mud?

Clock starts now.

Slippery cell.

Can you tell me why, buddy?

Hey, what is slippery cell?

Why?

Hold on.

What is slippery cell mean?

Yeah.

Is that a I said slippery cell.

Sales.

Oh, so the guy's name is Sal.

Yeah.

Sal.

Is just a gentleman named Sal.

Okay.

Slippery cell.

Okay.

Scott, you have 10 seconds.

I'm going to say you call a guy who's filthy rich.

That's amazing.

All right.

So now sorry.

Sorry.

Okay.

Now we vote.

You vote.

I'm going to vote for Scott because that made sense.

And you said slippery cell.

Oh, now I know they have to make sense.

You didn't know that.

Now I know they have to make sense.

Well, you have to vote for me and I have to vote for you.

I win that round.

Okay.

So basically whoever sets it up gets to decide.

Yeah.

Okay.

So now, Chris, you do the setup of it.

You do it.

But now, okay, but now for next turn, it won't be this one.

When you have to guess, you know, it has to make sense.

Right.

Yeah.

So now it's your turn to do a setup.

I need Palm oil to make fry bread.

Palm oil to make fry bread.

Also, I have to say that the setups have to make sense as well.

Maybe you're not getting me.

What is fry bread?

Hold on.

What do you make fry bread with?

No, what is fry bread?

You're just doing recipes now.

You're soliciting recipes.

Fry bread.

Fry bread is a dough bread that we make.

Okay.

We fry it.

Try to do it.

Like, have you ever heard like, what's black and white and red all over, you know, or like, how, what do you get when you get, when you do this and this, you know, something like you heard Domino is making fry bread.

What's he using?

What you just want recipes for fry bread.

Do you just want to know how to make fry bread?

You should.

We don't even know what fry bread is.

You're the one who should be, you should be answering yourself.

Can you use almond water when you make it?

Okay.

Scott, do you have a set up?

Do you have a set up?

And then we'll come, you'll do the setup last.

You'll do the setup last.

But again, it's supposed to make sense.

And someone we all know it's supposed to be easy.

Yeah.

Okay.

Do you hear me now?

Verizon.

What do you copyright Thomas Miller?

What do you get when, or no, did you hear about when the ostrich went out in the snow storm?

Did you hear about when the ostrich went out in the snow storm?

Ben, you have 10 seconds starting right about now-ish, maybe right about now.

10, 9, 8, 7, 6, 5, 4, 3, 2, 1.

We'll take normal 10 seconds, please.

I'll take my 10.

10, 9, 8, 7, 6, 5, 4, 3, 2, 1.

Did you hear about the ostrich?

When he went out into the snow storm.

Went out to the snow storm.

I hope you did because he couldn't, his head was underneath the ground.

Very good.

See how it kind of made sense a little bit?

Chris.

Not as funny, but you know, it made a little bit of sense because ostrich kind of put their heads on the ground so they wouldn't have heard the snow storm.

Chris, what do you got?

Did you hear about when the ostrich went out in the snow storm?

10 seconds.

It slowed them down.

Made it easier for us to hunt.

Okay.

We ate him.

Not the best, but not bad.

Ostrichs are kind of good though.

They're like a very low fat piece of- He's not done, Scott.

I'm so sorry.

No, no, that's- Oh, that was it.

That was it.

I was going to just say, ostrich is not bad.

I had a guest here once, I believe it was Groucho Marx's son who would end every joke.

Oh, wow.

I've been, I've met him before.

By saying, what did he say to end every joke?

That's how I'm a big fan, Coco Marx.

Coco Marx, yeah.

How would he- The end.

The end, yes.

One of my favorites.

Yeah, very, very fun.

I've met him a couple of times.

Yeah, man, I wish he was on the show.

Yeah, that would have been fun.

That would have been so fun.

I love Coco Marx.

Too late.

Look, it's really a toss up at this point, but I'm going to go for best.

Thanks, man.

So this will be the time.

Right now, you and I are tied and Chris- So it's all about this.

Chris, you have to give us a good setup.

You've already lost.

Something that we don't know.

You choose who's the winner.

And can I be honest with you, and I don't mean to sway you, try your best not to have a- You can't have anything to do with fry bread.

Please don't make it anything.

Okay, any setup.

You just can't say the words fry or bread.

Okay, take your time though.

I met a comic in New York who told me to use everything.

Oh yeah, yeah, you can use everything.

He said like Buffalo, use all parts of yourself.

Oh, that's pretty good.

Okay, who is this comic?

Colin Quinn.

Okay.

Good.

Use the race, he said.

Okay, well, okay.

So I set up a joke?

Yes, and then we're going to go and then you vote, and then we're probably going to sing a song.

What pie do you make out of a human being?

Oh, see, that's real.

Okay.

What pie do you make out of human being?

Okay, now it goes to me and I have 10 seconds.

So start the clock at a certain point.

What pie do you make out of a human being?

Are you ever going to start the clock?

No.

Very smart.

Ten, nine, eight, seven, six, five, four, three, two, one.

I have one, but it's not great.

Three being pie.

Oh, that's almost what I was going to do.

What do you got?

I was going to say human being pie.

Okay.

Oh, you love that one.

He loves it.

Oh, you love that one.

All right, Chris, it's all up to you.

You choose the winner.

Three bean pie.

Oh, I said human bean pie.

Yeah, so it's very similar, but you choose the winner.

Well, three beans closest.

Three bean win.

Closest to what?

The real answer?

Was there a real answer?

Is there a real answer?

What's the real answer?

Custer pie.

You mean like Custer?

Like general Custer?

Are you talking about a specific human being?

General Custer pie.

Oh, that would have been funny.

You guys like that one?

Yeah, that was good.

Maybe second act opener.

Maybe.

I guess so.

Should my one man show F2X?

Maybe.

Right now you only have 30 minutes.

But look, I won.

I finally, when that's how we play, riddle me this.

Good W.

Riddler.

Oh, this is a good song.

Riddler.

Who's singing the riddler part?

That's a good song.

That's a really good song.

I believe we did this during the Thrilling Adventure.

Thrilling Adventure.

Chris, you are an authentic Native American, and that's fantastic.

But I know you have to go.

Yep.

Really fun.

Good to see you.

It's great to see you.

It's really good to see you.

Thank you so much for judging this and good luck with your act.

All right.

Try not to kill me before Thanksgiving.

No, I would.

You have 11 months to go.

That's what you're going to say?

The last thing you're going to say when you leave?

Don't kill me.

Okay.

Bye, Chris.

It was a nice guy.

Where's Horatio?

He's kind of come back at some point.

Hey, Raj.

What's up?

How's the show been?

I'm so sorry.

What are you doing?

Good.

Oh, I locked myself in the bathroom.

It's good.

We had two very authentic people of different races.

Yeah.

Good.

I think you would have dug them.

It's 2018.

19 at this point.

Yeah.

First Monday of 2019.

So finally time for that.

Finally getting woke and having authentically some authentic people of color.

How many times have you said the word woke in that?

That might be the first of all time.

I was going to say.

It might be the last too.

I don't think I've ever said that word in that context before.

No, neither have I, but you know, I think we're going to start.

Oh, wow.

Speaking of starting guys, we're just about at the end of the show, but you know what that means.

We only have one final feature and that's a little something called plugs.

It might be movies.

It might be shows.

It might be books and tours or podcasts.

Man, who knows?

You've got to sell yourself cause you're doing stuff.

And this is the part with the plugs.

This is the part with the plugs.

The plug bag is now open.

What do you guys got to plug here?

Benny, what are you plugging?

You always have a multiple irons in the fire.

Listen, I will.

One of the things, one of the things I want to plug is my irons.

I'm making these irons and I'm trying to pop in the fire.

Yeah.

So we have, this is coming out January.

Yeah, of course.

We have Middleton Schwartz, me and Thomas Middleton who does this show are doing shows at Carnegie hall, which is insane.

And then we're doing the Chicago.

I got to wait.

Rachel is getting a phone call.

Why keep, why keep your phone on loud?

Let alone on.

Well, this is good music for this.

Then we have a show in Chicago at the Chicago theater.

You say you're doing Carnegie hall, but you're doing like a smaller theater within Carnegie hall.

No, we're doing the big theater and the big one.

And we're sold out.

We have just a little bit more to go.

You're doing the Carnegie hall promen stage.

Yeah.

We're doing 2,800 seats.

Okay.

Congratulations.

And then we're doing the Chicago theater.

Who is calling you?

Which is, I have no idea.

Pick it up for my speaker phone.

Speaker.

Hello?

Number you have dialed is not in service.

You have dialed.

I didn't dial.

You got a phone call.

You were dialing?

No, you called somebody?

No, I didn't call anybody.

That was an incoming call.

You guys heard it.

Yeah, we heard it.

It's you calling yourself.

God damn it.

March.

No, Mark Carnegie hall.

Ben.

Our own little Benny Schwartz is doing a show with Thomas middle ditch.

Yes.

Carnegie hall.

I can't believe I forget.

I think it's March.

I think it's in February.

Fuck.

Did I say the wrong date?

I just posted about it.

Just bring it up.

Just bring up your calendar.

February 26th, Carnegie hall.

And then April 6th, we're doing the Chicago theater, which is like a huge, beautiful theater.

And that'll be the largest venue we've ever done.

That's like 3,400.

That's crazy.

And you still using those mics?

I suggested you buy.

We bought, we have this countryman mic, but then we're also doing Toronto.

We're doing Austin, Seattle, tech, Austin, Seattle, Atlanta.

Almost like you were about to say Texas, Chicago, New York, Texas.

Yes.

No, Austin is in Texas.

Okay.

And then we're going to do it a little bit less, only once a month or something like that.

If we can.

Okay.

But come to those.

If you can come to those, go see it.

Two of the funniest guys ever out there doing improv, make them up.

Middle ditch and Schwartz middle dish.

Middle dish Schwartz.com is where you can get all the tickets and Carnegie ones are, might be sold out by now, but the Chicago ones, there's no way we're sold out.

There's so many seats and Horatio.

Anything you plug is going to be a letdown after that.

I mean, what do you got?

He's playing Carnegie hall here.

I thought he didn't talk about showtime.

I was going to say Showtime brothers are here.

Oh, okay.

I just did a pilot for Showtime.

Yeah.

There we go.

There you go.

Pilot, but you, your show actually is on the air, right?

My show's on the air and Jane in a couple of days.

Who's in your show?

Tell me who's in your show.

Couple of days by 13.

Yeah.

Donald Cheadle.

Don Cheadle did it.

Yeah.

Our buddy Pablo shears.

Pablo.

Our buddy Eugene Cordero is in it.

Our buddy Eugene.

Great people in there.

What's this show called?

Kurt bone holder.

Kurt Brown.

What's what's it called?

It's called black Monday.

Black Monday people.

And it's on Sundays though.

I don't know.

Yeah.

Isn't yeah.

That's weird.

I don't know.

That's like calling Saturday night live, you know, like Tuesday afternoon.

Well, no, I think they show a black Monday was like the stock market crash.

Yeah.

That's probably what it is.

What's your show?

Are you finally understanding what your show title means?

Just now.

Oh, wow.

On my show.

I thought it was because Don Cheadle is black.

No, no, no, no.

And you only shoot on Mondays.

Yeah.

And Seth Rogen and Evan Goldberg directed the pilot of that and produced it.

Your show.

You have a very good show.

You seem surprised by every piece of information about this show.

I'm very excited for your show.

Well, thank you.

Thank you.

I just, I didn't see them because I wasn't, I didn't do the pilot.

Okay.

Yes.

Oh, you're a late add on.

Yeah.

Like spade on just shoot me.

Like we need to pump this up.

Yeah.

Make it funnier.

Make it great.

Yeah.

Okay.

My one is a remake of the wrong man's and it's me and Jillian Bell.

Who's very, very funny.

Great people.

Great.

And everybody who like originated the show has helped out.

So James Corden, Matthew Baten, Jim Field Smith.

We'll see if it gets on the air, but at this point we don't know.

By the way, right now I would know.

So I've worked so many years on this that I don't know, right?

I mean, we're recording this.

By the time this comes out, we'll know.

Know that three years of my life was hard work.

On the day this episode comes out, let us all know on Twitter.

Just give a thumbs up or a thumbs down.

Oh no.

That's all we need to know.

Oh no.

We promote it.

But we're in the middle of ratios plug here.

So this is called black Monday and it comes out on Sunday the 20th.

Is that right?

I believe so.

Yes.

Sunday the 20th.

And this is every week on Showtime.

Every week.

Me and you could see Ben first and me.

His show is not a show picked up.

No, no.

Mine is a picked up.

Yeah.

We just did the pilot.

It would be on by then.

If it's so good, they can't just say let's put it on tonight.

Well, we would have to film the rest of the episodes.

You know what I mean?

No, you don't have to put the pilot on the first week and just get to work.

Oh, okay.

I'll ask.

All right.

Is that all everything you have to plug?

That's great.

New show.

That's congratulations.

Always on a show ratios.

Do a great news for a while, which is on Netflix also that you could see.

Uh, we have, uh, let's see, I want to plug.

I'm going to be hosting the Oscars in a few weeks, about a month.

And then I'm also going to be doing the, uh, I'm going to, this isn't crazy, but, uh, comedy bang bang, we're going to be doing a live podcast in the super bowl.

So yeah, I just got the word on both of those things while we were recording.

So thank you.

Can I take a picture with you?

Uh, ratios, just holding up something.

All right.

We've done this several years in a row.

We, uh, have to sing a new closing up the plug bag theme.

Now let me, let me talk about what's happened.

Please.

We're going to sing.

We're going to be playing this all year.

So it's gotta be good.

Okay.

Sometimes I gotta say you've really saddled me with some, uh, stink bombs here and we have to play it all year.

So I really want to be good.

And here's the other part of the equation.

What are we trying to do?

Replace the old song.

We're replacing the old song every year, every year.

And here's the other part of the equation.

It's supposed to be a closing up the plug bag theme.

And for the last couple of years, you guys have accidentally sang open up.

You've sang a song to open it up and we're stuck with a song about opening the plug bag.

That's our fault.

We've been knuckleheads.

We learned Horatio and I beforehand literally had a meeting.

Like we cannot disappoint him.

Thank you.

And you guys did a meeting about this.

Did you like workshop any material?

We have a lot.

We worked a couple of weeks on this.

Okay, great.

So it has to do with closing.

Definitely about closing up the plug bag.

Okay, good.

So, and we have to play this all year.

So it's gotta be catchy.

It's gotta be fun.

It's gotta be short.

Can't be that long.

That's what Schwartz you said?

It's gotta be short and Schwartz.

Okay.

All right.

So you guys ready to get into this and I'll, I'll join in with whatever I can claps and harmonies, whatever I can.

So, uh, Benny, uh, you're gonna start us off with this.

Start you guys off if you want, if that's what you want, I could do that.

I mean, you guys workshop.

Oh yeah.

I'll start it off.

You're the most musical of us, Benson.

That's not true.

I've seen you play guitar.

I've seen you sing before, but I'm gonna start off on you.

Obviously we do what we've been talking about.

Okay, here we go.

The new closing up the plug bag theme.

Here we go.

Oh, close your eyes and open up that bag.

Open up that bag.

Okay.

All right.

Few minor complaints.

Do you have notes?

I have a couple of things.

When I said short, I guess I meant shorter than the songs usually are.

Not, not shorter than, you know, stairway to heaven.

And I got to say that some of those lyrics sounded like you pivoted into opening up the bag rather than closing up the bag.

That's so that's what we were going to not do.

Oh, we, what was the song about closing the bag or closing the bag?

It should be about closing the bag.

And I, I feel like you sort of like made a 180 in the middle of it and started talking about opening up the bag again.

I remember close.

I remember saying close at the beginning.

You did say close, but then it was about close your eyes and open up the bag.

Yeah.

Well, you know what?

We're stuck with it.

It is what it is.

So we're going to be hearing that all year.

Maybe someone will remix it.

I hope someone will remix it.

Add a little something to it.

Add some instrumentation.

That's what really makes them sing is what you told me.

Yeah.

And the tempo got very fast at the end.

Because you got to get people excited.

Yeah.

Excited.

Yeah, exactly.

Guys, I want to thank you.

This is a yearly tradition and it means the world to me that you guys come back and do this.

I hope you have a wonderful 2019.

Ben, always good to see you.

Please come back and do a bolo at some point.

I would love to.

We'll have to do this.

If you ever have anything coming out, we can plug it.

Okay.

That sounds good with a bolo.

Yeah, with a bolo.

Okay.

And Horatio, good luck with the show.

You're not in the pilot, obviously, but.

I think I am.

I think they may have shot.

You were shoehorning you in?

They may have shoehorned me in.

So anytime you see him on the pilot, just imagine him months later.

Exactly.

I can't wait.

I'm very excited.

While they filmed it.

The trailer is awesome.

The trailer for that show is awesome.

I don't watch trailers.

I don't like to know anything about a show.

I barely want to know that you're in it or the title.

Yeah, I don't like people knowing, actually, but I figured, you know, we're Showtime brothers now.

By the way, I love Showtime.

I hope I see you.

I love Showtime.

They've been so nice to me.

We'll see you at the upfront.

See you up front, guys.

OK, we'll see you at the upfront.

All right.

Have a good 2019.

We'll see you at the upfront and we'll see you next week.

Thanks.

Bye, guys.

Thank you.
