♪ Comedy Bang Bang ♪ Ted Talks, but does Ted ever listen? Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang. Thank you to Mark Dowling for that catchphrase submission.

Welcome back to Comedy Bang Bang for another week. And my name is Scott Aukerman, your host for this week and every week thereafter, hopefully, unless I perish.

And then who knows what happens? We have a great show here today. Coming up a little later, we have the head curator of the Los Angeles libraries, Doreen Blatchley will be here.

And we also have I have no description other than woman. We have a woman coming up a little later on the episode. So that's exciting.

So fans of women and women on programs. And I guess, you know, the what do you call those clauses when people are women? Fans of that.

Oh, Mrs. Claus. Oh, that's what I'm talking about. Welcome, though, first to the show. They've never been on the show before, but I'm a big fan of their television program.

Their television program that I'm talking about is called Corporate and season two arrives this Tuesday, January 15th on Comedy Central.

Please welcome Matt Ingebretsen and Jake Wiseman. Hi, guys.

Hi, Scott.

That wasn't done.

There we are. Hi. Was it stressful to pronounce Ingebretsen?

It was. I had to look down at it. I did it phonetically on my board.

And it's it's a mouthful. And let me tell you, if you had fucked it up, I would have walked out. Would you have? That would have been the end.

OK, well, I mean, you significantly shorten the show, so I'm not sure how I feel about it. Maybe I should go back and try to fuck it up.

Yeah. Guys, welcome to the show. Corporate season two. That's all that needs to be said if you're a fan of the show.

But if you're not and you've never seen it before, what are we talking about? It's a dark comedy.

So I don't know if you're a fan of dark, edgy, dark, edgy comedy.

Tell me more. Is this like something like Throw Mama from the Train?

That's dark as that's a sequel. Yeah, I think when I walk around in life and just in general on the Internet, I see that people are way too happy.

They're way too light in their step. And we want to bring them down a notch and make them really unhappy.

And that's what I call comedy. It is interesting that dark comedy kind of came to prominence in the 80s when everything was superficially happy and everyone was doing really well and was like, no, no, no.

And now that everything fucking sucks. Yeah. Don't we need happy comedy? What are you guys doing? I don't know why we did this.

It was a mistake. You guys just have a twisted point of view. Is that right?

Yeah. We're so dark, we're twisted, we're subversive. You know, and our in between acts of our show, you can watch Doritos be sold.

So, you know, it's really important. You can watch them be sold. We're not talking about commercials.

No, it's just footage from a Target. Yeah. I like how you think the primary place that sells Doritos is a Target.

That was the store that came to mind was Target. Is that where you buy your Doritos? I drive to Target. I buy nothing else and I pick up my Doritos.

By the way, we're sponsored by Doritos and Target. So this is really our wheelhouse today.

But when you say it's a dark comedy, that's fine. That gives me the tone. But what are the plot points? Who are the characters?

I think that in general, it's basically like a lot of office comedies are funny, but they focus on your friendships at work and how they're kind of a respite from how work sucks.

Let's break some of these down. The Office? Is that what you're talking about?

Yes. Great show, but there's a lot of friendship.

Okay. Friends at work. A little too much friendship in The Office.

Friends at work. Yeah, I don't know what that is. That sounds like an office show.

I think it is.

Yeah, really good.

Just, and the IT crowd, maybe?

The IT crowd, of course.

Just the remake. Just the little scene remake.

Starring Jessica.

And just sort of any, most shows are about some sort of workplace. I mean, even like a cop show is kind of a workplace.

And it's, I mean, the original workplace.

Thank you.

That's the very first job, I believe. They say sex work was the oldest, but I believe it's, you know.

Yeah, it was, well, the cops used to be prostitutes as well and they'd arrest themselves.

I think, yes, the very first murder happens, a caveman hit someone over the head with a rock and then just suddenly there were cops.

They grew a mustache and arrested them. Yeah, but our show is just more, I think almost everyone is miserable unless they're doing the exact job they want to do.

It just seems like, well, it's like- And even then, Scott, you're miserable, right?

Oh, yeah. Oh, I'm hating this right now. This is torture for me.

And so I think our show is just trying to be honest about that and just sort of be like, okay, you're alive and you have this job and you don't really know why you have it.

And then you're 48 and you're like, oh, shit, I was going to do something else, but now I can't and I don't want to- Why'd you look right at me when you said you're 48?

You don't look a day over 16 to me, Scott, so I don't know what you're talking about.

And then, yeah, so it's just kind of, I think it's also like a satire of what's going on politically and stuff like that.

Ooh, what is going on politically? Let's get into it.

People are getting along and we don't like that.

We have a great cast. Lance Reddick.

Lance Reddick from The Wire.

From The Wire, Aparna Nancherla.

And also from Comedy Bang Bang, you did a wonderful scene.

Annie Dudek, who was on Mad Men.

And in the film White Chicks.

Oh, yes. Was he one of the White Chicks?

Yes.

She was one of the White Chicks, which is amazing.

She was probably White Chick number two, if I remember correctly.

And Adam Lustick, who's also incredible.

And Baron Vaughn.

And so Sheer Zamata's a recurring character this season.

And you guys.

Stop it!

Right?

You're wrong.

Let me say the lines.

Did you, um, look, I'm just going to rely on stock questions here.

Did you guys have jobs like this? Funny jobs?

No, we did not.

Okay, cool.

All right. Well, thanks for coming, guys.

No, but is it, first of all, how did you guys, I don't know you personally, really.

How did you meet?

We met doing stand up in LA.

Which is the most important form of comedy.

And if you don't do stand up, you don't tell the truth.

Right.

So that's why we did it.

Where do you fall on this Louis CK thing?

Well, my question is, who is he?

I don't know who he is.

Everyone's chatting about him.

Everyone's talking about him.

I've never seen his stuff.

Is he a senator?

I don't know.

We got to look into this.

Yeah.

So you met doing stand up and then you were like, God damn it, we got to write a show together.

We just, we became roommates actually.

Oh, okay.

So that's like a big twist in the story.

Whoa, twist!

We started living together and we both had rooms in the same house.

And then one day.

You didn't believe it.

Yeah.

One day we did a lot of heroin and we were like.

Oh, we did not.

Oh, I'm sorry.

We didn't.

A fair amount.

A fair amount of heroin.

Just a medium amount of heroin.

Yeah, shared a needle and we decided to write a show together.

Wow.

And is it, is this the show you're talking about?

Corporate?

No, it was a different show.

It was a different show that was really successful for a long time.

It was the remake of ID Crowd.

Yeah.

Well, fantastic.

And season two, first of all, season one was incredible.

It's shot really well.

You hear that a lot, I'm sure.

But it's shot like a, like a God damn mini movie.

The lights, the cameras.

Imagine.

Oh, wow.

Yeah, we kind of get, or we wanted to push that a little bit.

Push what?

What are you talking about?

The limits.

We wanted to push the limits.

Wow.

What's great is we hired, and this is how we did it, we hired a French man to be our director of photography.

He is literally technically French.

He's so French.

His name is Christophe.

Oh, okay.

That does it right there.

Yeah, and so if you just hire a French person, they'll make it look good.

Great.

So it looks good.

It's very funny.

I don't know what the fuck else anyone needs from a show, but is there anything else you want to say about it?

I mean.

I guess not.

Yeah, that's it, right?

You almost don't need to watch it.

It's good, funny, looks.

I'll tell you this.

We're trying our best.

Yeah, I mean, that's all you can really ask.

We're trying our hardest.

I hate these shows.

I watch these shows sometimes, and it's like, you guys, you're putting in like 65%.

Yeah.

But you guys are going up to, I'm going to say it, 110.

Wow.

Thank you.

It's incredible.

Absolutely.

Yeah.

And what twists and turns do we have this season for people who already know the show, who are like, yeah, but I watched 10 episodes of it already.

Like, why do I need to watch another 10?

That's the thing.

I don't understand shows sometimes.

It's like, they'll come out with 10 episodes and you're like, yeah, great.

Great.

Got it.

And then suddenly, like a year later, there's 10 more and you're supposed to watch those?

More things happened?

Yeah.

I don't, I just don't understand it.

Yeah.

I hate it.

And, but if you do not hate it, there's stuff about the media.

There's stuff about social media grief.

If you don't hate us.

There's stuff about, you know what?

There's a nice episode about how you're too old to go out on weeknights anymore.

That sounds nice.

That I think everyone will relate to.

Sort of how this fraud that concerts are overrated, we talk about that.

Okay.

Boy, a lot to chew on this season, it sounds like.

Do you go to live concerts, Scott?

You know, I, I, when I was growing up, I went to them all the time and now I'm very selective about it because sometimes I feel like I can just, you know, put a live concert on TV, stand in the other room really far away, you know, or, or I can just put on a record and then put on a separate sound effects record of people cheering.

And I get the same experience.

But don't you like getting bumped into by other men?

And having to stand in one spot.

That's the other thing.

Just standing in one spot and shifting back and forth, back and forth on my feet.

I feel like there's a certain age where it's like the only concert I'm going to go to, I'm going to be sitting.

Like I can't stand for any amount of time without back pain.

I will say I did go to a, and I hate to brag, but I went to a John Legend concert the other day and I, I felt so bad because there were some John Legend, super fans and a John Legend crowd, they like to sit and I like to sit, so I'm fine with that.

But if anyone wants to stand, I don't, you know, Hey, I'm sitting, it's my choice to sit.

You know, people like to stand at concerts, go ahead and stand away.

But there were like people tapping them on the show.

They were dancing and having the greatest night of their lives and people tapping on their shoulder going, Hey, do you mind sitting down?

And they're like, no, we're not going to.

And then a fights.

I went to a Liz Fair concert to brag and she was chastising people for sitting.

Yeah.

She thought it was lame.

She's like, is this a rock show or what?

I mean, and I felt bad cause I was sitting.

Yeah.

So you were personally chastised.

Well, I just feel Liz didn't need to do that.

Well, if she's listening Liz, come on.

But honestly, great job.

But great job as well.

And sign my cast.

Oh, that's right.

You've broken every bone in your body.

Just waiting for the signature.

I feel terrible for bearing the lead and there are no signatures.

How long has this been on?

30 years.

30 years it's been on and no one has signed.

Yeah. In the show we CGI'd out all of Jake's casts.

It was extremely difficult and expensive.

I was going to say, cause you have like just ripped abs in the show.

Oh, I look so good, but I feel so bad.

Yeah. And also just the show is mostly a showcase for Jake's body.

Yeah. I mean, if you like bodies, watch the show.

If you don't still watch it.

Yeah. I mean, you know, that's the thing is like actors have bodies.

There's no way around it.

You know what I mean?

They have bodies.

We wish they didn't sometimes.

We wish they didn't.

I sometimes wish I would watch a movie and it would just be thoughts.

And I would just hear like dialogue and see thoughts and just see images.

But why all the bodies, you know, that's my question anyway.

I think corporate.

You want to read a book?

Oh, that's, that's what I'm thinking.

Yeah.

Corporate Tuesday, January 15th.

And every Tuesday thereafter until 10 Tuesdays have elapsed and then there will be no more corporate.

And then we'll die.

And then we'll all die right after that.

Just a suicide pact after that.

So be sure to watch it and you know, let me know what you think.

I would love to hear your comments.

Just leave your comments.

We want to hear your criticisms.

Please tweet at me exactly what you think of me.

And also talk about our bodies only.

Yeah.

Just talk about how bad our bodies are.

Specify the pros and cons of our bodies.

And sign my cast.

Please. I don't think I have time because we have to get to our next guest.

This is exciting. A little up a little later. We have the head curator of the Los Angeles libraries.

Doreen Blashley will be here, but I hyped it at the top of the show that a woman was coming on.

And I was not a liar because here she is.

I don't know anything about her, but her name is Willa.

Oops, sorry.

Wilhelmina Wonka.

Hello, Wilhelmina Wonka.

How the hell are you, Scott?

How the hell am I?

How you doing?

I'm doing good.

I'm not sure why the cursing is necessary.

Oh, listen, I'm tired of all the milk toast bullshit. That's why.

I've been surrounded by milk toast bullshit for at least 25 years of my life.

I'm sorry. I don't mean to give you and serve you up some milk toast bullshit, you say?

Yeah, milk toast bullshit. You know exactly what I'm talking about.

Well, I guess I don't because...

You know exactly what I'm talking about.

Well, I guess I don't because...

You're pulling my fucking leg.

I am not.

Get your hands off my leg. I'm a woman.

Should I pull on Jake's leg?

Yeah, get Jake's leg.

I would love it. You get a reaction out of me for sure.

Here you go.

Oh, yeah, though.

Yeah.

Wilhelmina Wonka, that's your name?

Yeah, Wilhelmina Wonka. It would have been too much of a to do to change my last name.

I'm no longer with Willie if that's what you're getting at.

Oh, you...

We got divorced.

Oh, you are... you were the former wife, I guess now?

Ex-wife of William Wonka.

William Wonka, the candy artisan.

Yeah, yeah. That's all he is. Trust me.

And you got together because your names were similar?

Oh, no, we were... my last name was actually Johnson.

Before I...

Johnson, Wilhelmina Johnson.

Wilhelmina Johnson. We got married young, rather young, 18 years old.

I just had to get out of my father's house.

Oh, really? What was going on there?

Oh...

Not to get too dark, but I mean, these guys like it dark.

Okay, well, trust me, it wasn't quite an office setting.

It was more of a home setting and things were not great at home.

Was it a dark comedy, though, or was it...

My life?

Yeah.

If I had to say, I wouldn't have called my life a dark comedy.

My life was more like a lifetime movie and not the good kind.

Oh, okay.

Yeah, so I...

Your own personal lifetime movie?

Yeah, I mean...

That's what lives are.

So, a lifetime.

So, solid ratings.

Well, all living... well, it was probably one of those ones that flew under the radar, you know, that no one really knew about, because I was in it on my own.

And...

Oh, my gosh.

Yeah, I'm fine. I'm fine.

I don't mean to dredge up some terrible memories.

Yeah, but point is, I got married young, okay?

To William Wonka.

I didn't realize... I guess I've seen some movies about them. Are these fictional movies or are they...

Oh, no, they're real. They're real.

They're documentaries.

Did you see me in the movie? They're documentaries.

I didn't see... I guess I...

You didn't see me in the movie, right?

No, I saw a lot of Oompa Loompas.

Yeah, yeah. Well, that's what my life was like. I was in the shadows of this man. I'm fucking gorgeous. I'm fucking gorgeous.

I didn't want to comment on it.

Yeah, I mean...

I think that's really my purview.

I need you to comment on it because I know it about myself.

Okay. So you don't care about my opinion about whether you're gorgeous or not?

No, no, no.

I'll give it to you if you want it.

No, I don't want it because I don't want...

I really feel like I should give it to you.

No, no, no, no, no. I'm a woman.

I really think I should comment on your appearance.

I'm a woman, so let's not...

I think you could use the smile a little more.

Oh, I'm not going to smile because I'm a woman scorned. I'm not just a regular woman.

You mean you were scorned?

Oh, yeah, I've been scorned. You didn't even see me in those documentaries, did you?

No, no.

I said, can I say a thing or two about the chocolates?

He said no. He said, no, these are my chocolates.

These are my father's chocolates, his father's chocolates.

And I'm like...

What do you want to say about the chocolates?

Yeah, what do you have to say?

They're, you know, they're not an aphrodisiac.

I'll tell you that much. That's what I wanted to tell you.

Oh, really?

So, wait, are you saying they're the opposite of one?

Whatever an aphrodisiac is supposed to get you horny, no, it got me not horny.

So his William Wonka was...

Celibate? Yeah.

Celibate? Really?

So you had a sexless marriage to William Wonka.

We had a sexless marriage.

Were you ever able to consummate the marriage?

We never did. And I tried. Oh, boy, I tried.

You never... So you're still a virgin?

I'm still a virgin. I went down on him once, but I'm still a virgin. Yeah.

Oh.

We've done butt stuff, but I'm still a virgin.

What is butt stuff? People have been talking about this for years.

You'll know it when you're in it.

It's like pornography.

Oh.

When it happens to you, you're like, oh, that's butt stuff.

I'm in a pornography right now.

Yeah.

I...

It was tough.

OK?

We had kids in there smiling.

And I mean, I wanted to have children.

How often were kids in there?

Oh, all the time.

It was like Michael Jackson's Neverland or whatever.

Really?

It wasn't like that.

It wasn't like that?

No.

Was it like that with the Oompa Loompas, though?

No, no, no, no, no, no.

Are there female Oompa Loompas?

No.

They all seemed male.

Yeah, they were all male.

And the Oompa Loompas now, they had a sex drive.

Really?

They had a sex drive.

Oh, OK.

Really?

With each other?

I mean, they're...

Which is fine.

You know what?

At this point...

I don't know where I stand on this with Oompa Loompas.

At this point, I think the gag order has expired with me and William.

So I'm going to go out and...

How long was your gag order?

The gag order was...

When did you break up?

We broke up three years ago.

Oh, OK.

So a three-year gag order.

Yeah.

Well, he said I couldn't say anything for two years.

And then for a year, I thought, oh, I'll be a good person.

I won't say anything about him.

But that...

All bets are off at this point.

All bets are off if it's a new year.

I slept with the main Oompa Loompa.

What?

The mayor?

The mayor of the Oompa Loompas.

Yeah.

When you say the main one, what is their hierarchy?

Is it like a little bigger?

The thickest.

Oh, that's how they decide the government?

The most dense Oompa Loompas?

Right.

The thickest Oompa Loompas is the mayor of the Oompa Loompas.

I slept with him.

And that's just based on body type.

They just elect whomever is the thickest among them?

Right.

And you'd think that someone else could kind of catch up to the thickest.

Right.

Someone might try to put on some weight or something and then be the leader.

It's not as easy as you think.

So whoever has the worst metabolism governs?

I mean, you could look at it like that.

But I mean...

I don't know what other way there is to look at it.

That's how I'm looking at it.

No.

Well, I would call him thick in all the right places.

Oh.

Like in the eyes.

I don't like thick eyes.

What are thick eyes?

I don't know.

I don't know either.

They're pretty hot.

Just like bug eyes, I think is what he's saying.

Well, that's a sign of a thyroid problem, I would say.

Or Graves' disease if you've got bug eyes.

So what are you talking about?

Are you talking about the peen?

No.

No, no, no, no, no, no.

You're talking about the butt?

No.

Like the...

Yeah, well, the butt.

So the butt, yeah.

The butt, the breasts.

Yeah.

The breasts.

Oompa Loompas have breasts.

Yeah.

You've seen the documentaries, right?

So you were into that?

I've seen them.

You were into that?

Yeah.

So you're into like kind of a thick Oompa Loompas?

I like thick.

But no, well, what I really liked was my husband.

And what I really would have liked is for my husband to please me, but he didn't.

So I had to, mama had to do her own thing and she did.

Did you have an understanding when you got married of like it's never going to happen or did he lead you on?

He led me on.

He did.

He led me on.

I thought, well, so I didn't want to have sex until I was married, first of all.

Oh, I mean, nobody should.

Yeah, but that's a given.

We all get that.

I think we all followed that rule.

Right.

We all, I continue.

Well, I kind of, I messed up once I had sex with the Oompa Loompa one time to be clear.

One time before.

Oh, what is Wyclef?

Yeah, right.

Yeah.

I love it.

We love it.

So you cheated on William with an Oompa Loompa before you married William.

No this is after the sexless marriage.

The sexless marriage.

It was a last-ditch effort to try to save my marriage.

I was like, if we're going to have all these people in our home, maybe one of them can please me.

And he was able to please me.

I was.

The sex was good.

The sex was fantastic.

Oh, what were you going to say about the climax?

I climaxed.

Wow.

Good for you.

Now what are the Oompa Loompa's living quarters like?

I'm imagining bunk beds.

Um, no, no.

I mean, they're so tiny.

I think you would be able to stack like five beds.

No, what it is is there's four California king beds just side by side flanking each other.

Okay.

If you will.

And will you?

Yes.

Okay.

I will.

You're trying to pull my leg and push my buttons and I don't like it.

She's had enough with a milk toast bullshit.

Call me Mr. Milk Toast.

I will not.

I'm Dr. Milk Toast to you.

I will not.

I will fucking not.

No, I'm done with that.

Is this what this is Scott?

No, I don't.

I I'm sorry.

Did you bring me to fuck with me or did you, I told me you were giving me a platform.

I, well, yes, I wanted you to be able to say whatever you need to say now that the gag order is off.

These guys are fucking with me.

Sorry.

We're dark comics.

Yeah.

You have to understand.

Have you ever seen something like from the twisted mind of Danny DeVito as a director?

No, I haven't.

No.

Okay.

Yeah.

You got to check out some of his work.

Danny DeVito's work.

I'm too busy trying to get my self esteem back up right now.

Okay.

Yeah.

What do you, what steps are you taking?

Well, the first thing is affirmations that I'm gorgeous.

I tell myself like in the mirror in the morning, I say I'm gorgeous.

I'm gorgeous.

I don't have to do anything to be more gorgeous or appealing to.

You've been married a long time though.

I mean, those documentaries, the one I saw is pretty old.

Yeah.

And when my, my first husband passed away, I married the other William Wonka.

Wait, what's this?

Do I really have to get into this?

Yes.

I would like to hear, wait, hold on.

Your first William Wonka.

Oh yeah.

I saw the one of the documentary or the one in the seventies.

Right.

Yeah.

And I was married to him and then he passed away, passed away.

And then I saw the other one.

Right.

And so what's the, what is your question?

So you married both of them?

Is that a question?

They were brothers?

Yes.

A fact that, Oh, that's a question.

Can be facts.

Sure.

They can.

Why can't they?

Who said, who makes the rules?

That's a fact.

That's a good question.

Who makes the rules?

It's a great fact.

It's a fact and a question.

So, so they were, they were both named Willie or did the second Willie take the name and the mantle because of the successful candy business?

Yeah, that's exactly what happened.

It seems like you understand what happened, but you're trying to pull my leg.

No, I'm trying to guess what happened.

Scott, let go of her leg.

Ouch.

Get off of my leg.

I'm sorry.

You're just a very attractive woman.

I know, but get off of my leg.

I know that about myself, but I don't want you touching my leg, even if it's just a pool.

So we're both marriages sexless?

Yeah.

Neither one of these guys, cause all they care about is the chocolate.

All they care about is chocolate.

You think right.

Typical man in this chocolate.

Well some guys it's other things.

I'm not of complete dunce.

All right.

You made that very clear.

No.

And I know you guys are looking at me like, Oh, she's a dunce.

No, I'm looking at you and I'm thinking this is an attractive woman.

Yeah.

You're like, she's her leg being pulled.

Yeah.

And I don't like my leg being pulled.

Wait, I do have a question.

What's your question?

So after the divorce from the original Willy Wonka.

Well, I think he, although I guess you were a widow.

I was a widow.

Yeah.

Do you get divorced when your partner dies?

No, you have to go to the funeral.

That's what the funeral is.

If you don't go to the funeral, you're still married.

The funeral is a divorce.

I went to the funeral.

Okay.

I went to the funeral and then at the funeral I left with the other William.

Wow.

What did the other William say to you that got you to leave with him?

You know it's time.

That is so smooth.

He looked at me and he said, you know it's time.

Damn.

He's like a regular pickup artist.

Yeah.

That's not a bad woman.

You know it's time.

Go up to someone in a bar.

He was right.

I did know.

It was like a crazy, stupid love.

If you've ever seen that one with Ryan Gosling.

Love it.

He said to all the women.

Oh no, I'm thinking Crazy Rich Asians.

Okay.

Ryan Gosling, Crazy Rich Asians.

No.

Ryan Gosling and crazy, stupid love will say to the women, you want to get out of here.

It was a question and effect.

Right.

Yeah.

Wow.

So you, so you, and by the way, at the funeral, did he take up on the mantle of, did he make a proclamation or something?

I hereby shall be known as William Wonka.

Well it was his name.

It was a given.

That's why the Wonka family works.

It was his name?

I mean, William.

They both named William.

Oh, they both.

Have you ever, you ever met a guy named Carl Tartt?

I don't, it's not ringing a bell.

I know this guy, Carl Tartt.

His dad's name is Carl Tartt.

His, his name is Carl Tartt and his brother's name is Carl Tartt.

Wait, his brother's name is Carl Tartt?

Yes.

That's not a, that's not a business.

So his dad liked his own name so much.

He named both of his sons Carl Tartt.

Yeah.

So this is the same with the Wonka family.

I guess there's no rule against it.

No law.

There are no rules.

Who makes them?

That's right.

That's a fact.

Who makes the rules?

Wow.

Yeah.

Well, so you knew it was time and you're mad.

And now the gag order is off.

What do you got?

Here's your platform.

What do you want to say?

He's not great.

All that chocolate in there.

What is it for if it's not turning you on?

If it's not all that chocolate.

I don't know that, that, you know, we necessarily believe chocolate's main purpose is to turn people on.

Well, what do you think chocolate's main purpose is?

Is it a sweet treat to sort of delight the tongue?

Oh, please.

Well, yeah.

When your tongue gets delighted, then your tongue can do some delighting.

If you know what I'm saying.

Cause I guess I don't.

You do know what I'm saying.

You're pulling it right.

I know.

You understand, right?

Matt gets it.

Matt, he came in here at first with some milk toast bullshit and now he gets it.

Now I'm the cool one.

Yeah.

Do you hope to remarry?

No, I never want to be bound by a man again.

I don't want to be bound by a man again and be in his shadow.

You just gonna play the field or?

Yeah.

I'm going to do a little hoeing and uh, what have you been doing in the three years since you've been broken up?

Have you engaged in a relationship at all or?

Uh, I've been in the gym.

Um, I go to a CrossFit gym.

I go to a CrossFit gym doing burpees and uh, for an older woman.

I mean you, uh, I believe you're about, uh, if I had to guess 18, uh, no, uh, you were 18 when you married Willy Wonka.

You were married during the first documentary in the early seventies.

So you're somewhere in the, in your uh, eighties.

Right.

Yeah.

Okay.

Yeah.

Is that funny?

Are you laughing at my age?

No, no, no, no.

I'm the cool one.

Are you pulling my leg?

He's the cool one.

Remember?

I haven't touched your leg.

He's the one who gets it.

Okay.

He started with a milk toast bullshit and then he abandoned it.

But how you start is not necessarily how you finish.

And so I learned that.

Oh, I learned that the hard way.

Yeah.

Um, yeah.

But uh, yeah, I'm 80 something.

When uh, Willy Wonka went in that, uh, the river tunnel.

Yeah.

There's something, something growing or was that typical?

It wasn't his dick.

I'll tell you that much.

Was it typical?

Yeah.

He didn't want anything to, he didn't want anything to do with me.

If you think I look great now in my eighties, imagine me in my twenties.

Hold on.

Can you give me a second?

Yeah.

Take a moment.

Let me know when you got the image.

Let me think here.

Let's see.

You look like this at 80.

I think a Rorschach painting right now.

Probably some of the skin would be a little higher.

Probably.

Yeah.

Probably you've widened out a little bit probably as humans tend to do.

Probably a few pullable legs.

Yeah.

What's that?

A few pullable legs.

Yeah.

I mean they're still pullable now.

I just don't want them pulled.

Yeah.

Okay.

I think I got it.

Right.

Oh damn.

Yeah.

Right.

Damn Daniel.

Right.

Am I right?

Back at it again?

Back at it again, Daniel.

With those white vans?

With the white vans and the...

You're basically just here to say, to sort of dispel the myth that Willy Wonka was a great lover and a great man.

Yeah.

And that his chocolate is not an aphrodisiac.

It's not an aphrodisiac.

For all the kids who are eating it.

For all the children hoping to get horny.

It's not.

But it's not just for kids.

You guys, listen.

Have you guys ever made love?

No.

I'm not married.

Yeah.

I'm not married.

They were roommates.

Okay.

Yeah.

In the same house.

Okay.

But I've seen it.

You've seen love made?

Yeah.

I knew it when I saw it too.

I think it was pornography.

I was like, that's love.

Right.

And you couldn't use the tools around you to accomplish what it is you're trying to do.

Is that what happened?

Like a wrench?

Ideally, no.

But if it came down to it, sure.

Who's to say you couldn't use a wrench?

Sure.

Who makes the rules?

If you get back, move it fast enough.

But here's the deal.

We had a lot of chocolate around us.

You would think, being that chocolate is an aphrodisiac, that it would have created a fun time for us.

And it didn't.

Fun time.

That's what I would call sex back then.

I didn't want to say, I didn't talk like this back then.

I was very prim and proper.

And I'm like, fuck it all, damn it to hell.

Because it doesn't matter.

I did all that for nothing.

The man didn't even want me.

So would you say you've had a bad life?

Are you fucking with me?

No.

Okay.

No.

Because it just seems like you spent so many years sort of sexless and you were this beautiful thing and you hate- I mean, in my mind, you're a man, too.

In my mind, it's not good, but I don't want to say that to her.

Okay, well, no.

You know what?

My life has not- it hasn't been great, but it hasn't been bad.

And the Oompa Loompa I slept with the one time.

What was his name?

One time.

Fun time.

I don't name drop.

Do they have names?

Yeah.

Because it seems like he would just go, Oompa Loompa.

Or no, that's what they said.

What's his name?

William as well.

What sound did he make when he climbed?

That's like us saying humans.

When he climaxed boopity boo.

That's what he said.

Boopity boo.

You're into that?

With that level of energy?

I mean, it was the one time I had sex.

I don't know what I'm into.

One time.

It was the one time- Wyclef, you really got to go.

You got to go.

Your time is up.

Can I ask a naive question?

Milk toast.

What is that referring to?

Yeah, is that something that he would make?

Milk toast?

Yeah, it's not- Oh, you guys, were you for a moment thinking I was talking M-I-L-Q-U-E toast?

I mean, I think for more than a moment.

For more than a moment?

In my mind, it's spelled M-I-L-K toast.

For me, it's M-L-K toast.

Is that wheat bread?

I beg your pardon?

Is that a fact and a question?

Okay, listen.

What's your question?

What is milk toast?

Yeah, is that something that Willy Wonka made?

He didn't ever make milk toast.

He didn't cook at all.

I did all the cooking.

I did all the cleaning, and then he made me be in the background, and I was never in the freaking documentary.

But I'll tell you this, I did achieve one thing, so I don't have a bad life.

The Oompa Loompa I slept with, he was able to give me a child and- He got pregnant?

Like he handed you one?

Oh, I would have done that just to- Yeah.

Is he pulling?

He's pulling.

Wait, you- Jake, let go of her leg.

I'm sorry.

Get off of my leg.

I don't know how Oompa Loompas work.

Did they get pregnant?

Did you get pregnant?

What- Each of us got pregnant.

I got pregnant with him.

Wow.

I impregnated him and he impregnated me.

Wow.

So Oompa Loompas when they boopity boo, they shoot semen, I guess.

Goopy goopy goo.

Goopy goo.

But then whatever you have goes into them as well.

Uh-huh, and my goopy goo goes into him.

His goopy goo came into me.

Okay, got it.

And so were they born at the exact same time?

About three weeks apart.

Three weeks apart.

Okay, so that's random.

That was just random.

But I- So you have two children?

Well, sure.

Or do you just consider the one that came out of you?

The one that came out of me is my child.

The one that came out of him is his kid.

We're not together.

It was a one off of Fluke.

But he's the father.

He is the father.

He- It was a Flukity Flue.

I like that.

I'm not gonna get- You do like that.

That's not milk toast bullshit.

That wasn't milk toast.

It was goofy.

It was different.

It was goofy.

It was different.

It was unexpected.

And that's comedy.

And that's what I call comedy.

It's dark comedy.

It's not dark.

It wasn't dark.

It wasn't.

It was Flukity Flue.

I like that.

Oh, I'm thinking of the chocolate, actually.

No.

Yeah.

Chocolate.

You don't like chocolate?

I don't like dark chocolate.

You don't like dark chocolate?

Yeah.

Is that why you made that MLK joke earlier?

I think so.

Okay, great.

All right.

Anyway- So you have a child.

I have a child.

Congratulate.

How old is your child?

My child is 15.

Okay.

So you had sex with the Zumba-Lumba- When you were like 65?

Yeah.

And this is 15 years ago after that second documentary.

So this must have been with the second Willy W it was essentially a gunshot to the womb.

Not for a few years.

I've never been shot.

Yeah.

Was it good?

It was an experience.

Who says what's good?

You know?

I mean, we all kind of want to get shot before- I'd love to get it.

It's an experience.

Would you say the first time you came was good?

Well, you've never had sex, but if you had to guess, Scott, you've had sex.

Would you say the first time you climaxed it was good?

Well, let me think.

It was on my wedding night and- You're wearing a tuxedo.

Yeah, it was wonderful.

All right.

Well then, yeah, it was also wonderful for me.

All my experience as a woman is no different than yours.

That being said, I have a beautiful 15 year old.

My child came out as a Teletubby-esque.

Teletubby-esque.

So, why don't you say Oompa Loompa-esque?

Because they seem to have similar body types.

No, but there's- Are they different colors?

Different colors and the shape where the thickness- Don't they have something on their stomachs?

Teletubbies?

Yeah, a little button or whatever.

Yeah.

I'm not as familiar with the Teletubby extended universe.

Yeah, it's a lot, but- Can it speak English?

Yeah, my child can speak English and that's actually offensive.

What gender is your child?

That's offensive.

Why does it matter?

Oh, it matters.

Oh, no.

My child's non-binary.

Oh, okay.

Cool.

That's good.

That's very in-right.

That's what I wanted to hear.

I thought you were coming for me right now.

No, I mean, if it is identified as- He's going to pull my fucking leg, this guy.

Please don't pull her leg.

Everyone let go of each other's legs.

Yeah.

I'm not.

Hands are up.

Just for the listeners, I never go- Hands up, just like a Top Chef.

Hands up.

He's pulling, he's still holding my leg up in the air.

Anyway, yeah, I have a 15-year-old.

That's great.

Congratulations.

That's what you came here to say?

No, no.

I came here to tell you guys that you guys think this fucking magical place, Willy Wonka's Chocolate Factory, it's so magical.

It looks amazing.

Everything's happy there.

It wasn't.

I lived in a broken home full of chocolate.

That's what I did.

And you didn't have sex?

No, not once.

You had sex once, but it felt like you got shot.

You got each other pregnant.

You have a 15-year-old.

Right.

You're 80 years old.

Is that a problem, Scott?

No, none of it's a problem.

I'm just recapping.

And that's a fact.

Yeah.

Questions and facts.

Yeah, huh.

Well, Willahema, we have to take a break.

Great.

Is that all right with you?

Yeah, that's fine.

I mean, all I did was break in that home.

Yeah.

Sorry, but- Is that funny to him?

No, no, sorry.

I just sneezed.

God bless you.

Before we go to a break, what part of your life was better, being in these two sexless marriages or being with your father in the original home that seemed to have so much trouble?

Being in my two sexless marriages.

That's better than your father?

Yeah, yeah, because my father, yeah, my father, he just- Was just weird.

My father was a standup comic and he thought he was funny and wasn't.

Was he?

Wait, who's your father?

George Carlin.

George Carlin is your father?

He thought he was funny, but he wasn't?

I'm kidding.

That wasn't my father.

That was a joke for me.

Oh, wait, that was too dark.

That was too dark.

And that wasn't cool.

That wasn't cool and it wasn't funny.

I'm offended.

Yeah.

Easy to be offended these days, huh?

Not for me.

Easy?

It's almost impossible to offend me.

Try.

Go ahead and try.

Yeah, try.

Okay.

You've never had sex before?

Okay, this kind of hurts already.

Wait, why did you think it was impossible to offend you?

I'm starting to get offended.

Yeah?

Okay, you're feeling it?

Yeah.

I thought it was imposs- It kind of feels like you're pulling my leg.

Oh, yeah.

Why?

Just like the feeling of it, like my leg is being pulled.

Yeah, I'm pulling your proverbial leg.

Hands up.

Hands up, everyone.

Hands up.

Chef style.

We need to go to a break.

Everyone keep your hands up during the break.

When we come back, this is great.

We have the head curator of the Los Angeles libraries, Doreen Blatchley will be here.

We'll be right back with more Comedy Bang Bang after this.

Comedy Bang Bang we're back here with, and I'm just going to read it off the thing.

Matt Enga-Brettson.

You don't need to go because I said it right, right?

I'm still here.

You're still here.

Jake Wiseman from Corporate.

Corporate is on the air this Tuesday on Comedy Central.

God, I haven't even talked about it.

What time is this thing on?

1030 after Drunk History.

After Drunk History?

It's a time slot, huh?

We finally got a lead in.

I wish there were Drunk History, but without everyone getting drunk.

I know.

It just seems obscene.

You know what I mean?

Maybe they just do heroin.

What if just people tell stories and then they reenact them?

I think that's a great idea.

And no one's drunk, you know?

Yeah.

We also have Willaheem Awonka who came here to tell us that chocolate is not an aphrodisiac.

Oh, no, that it is, but that my husband who was surrounded by chocolate never wanted to fuck.

Yeah.

He didn't want to fuck chocolate.

No, he ate it.

He ate it.

He ate it, but that's the only thing he was freaking eating.

Are you sure he wasn't having sex with anyone else or anything else?

I did walk in on him making love to an Oompa Loompa once, but that's neither here nor is it there, and let's keep it moving.

Okay.

All right.

We'll say no more about it.

It was the same Oompa Loompa that impregnated me.

The here nor is it there.

Did he impregnate Willy or?

No, Willy did not be a child.

Okay.

All right.

Good to know.

Well, we have to get to our next guest.

Willa Mina, the head curator of the Los Angeles libraries.

Please welcome Doreen Blatchley.

Hello, Doreen.

Yeah.

Hi.

Hello.

Hi.

Good to be here.

Nice to see you.

It's so nice to see you.

Yes.

This is Matt.

This is Jake.

Yes.

And this is Willa Hema.

Wonderful.

Willa Mina.

Yes.

Willa Mina.

Yes.

The H is silent.

Yes.

Willa Mina.

Yeah.

Willa Mina.

It has a German basis.

Do you have a question about that?

You would think so, and I know why I'm here because we keep bringing up this idea of facts and questions that they are interchangeable, which they are.

I'm the head curator, but I work with special collections.

And I'm here- What does that mean?

What are special collections?

Everyone collects, whether it's bacteria on your body, which the human body contains four pounds of bacteria.

Yeah, from what I can understand, there's all sorts of bugs on us all the time.

Yes.

And we're just crawling with minuscule bugs that we can't see.

Right.

Try not to think about it, but just imagine yourself as an organism that collects other living things.

Hold on, let me imagine that for a second.

Yeah.

How long can you give me to imagine this?

I have 0.3 seconds, which is the time it takes for the amount of bacteria in your eyes to clean out the ducts.

Okay.

And I'm there.

Ooh.

Okay.

Yeah.

Well, you're speaking of chocolate.

I thought it was kind of a nice segue to go right to bacteria because chocolate is made from the cacao bean, which we all know is very addictive.

And that's why people started eating chocolate so they could become addicted.

They wanted?

They would eat chocolate to become addicted?

Yes.

Oh, wow.

Everyone needed an addict habit, addictive habit.

Yeah.

We all have them.

We all have our demons.

No one admits to it.

I'm addicted to fun.

Yeah.

Okay.

I'm not familiar with this idea of fun.

My job is to collect the miseries of the world in a place that has the Latin basis.

Libra for library.

Thank you for knowing that.

Okay, but I've got a question myself.

You said Libra, Latin for library?

Yes, free.

I'm a Libra.

Yes.

You're a free, easy woman.

It's apparent in what I heard earlier.

Now I am.

Well, yes.

You didn't have that life earlier.

I'm at least 65.

Yeah.

Oh, yeah.

All right.

Yeah.

Okay.

I have to admire your courage as an elderly woman.

Do you realize your bone density is 175th of an Oompa Loompa.

Your thickness is 175th.

And the reason you can procreate with an Oompa Loompa is you have a cloaca, which is the- A clitoris.

No, it's called a cloaca.

Something different.

Don't go tickling your cloaca.

No, no, no, no.

This is great.

That will be painful.

The clitoris, I'm not familiar with that term, but I will research it this afternoon.

Oh, have fun.

What is my cloaca if it's not my clitoris?

It's a large hole comprising of both the anus and the vagina.

Wait, so they're connected.

They're connected.

It's what a bird has.

That's how they lay eggs.

Cloaca.

Oh, I see.

Humans don't have cloacas then.

Oh, well, you do because of the Oompa Loompa birth.

So you're saying because it ripped me from my asshole to my pussy.

I haven't seen photos, but I'm imagining that's what happened.

Do you have any photos?

I mean- No, I don't have any photos.

I'll just imagine it then.

Most humans carry photos of their live birth.

You are a rare creature.

Yeah.

Well, this is 16 years ago.

Yeah, it was 16 years ago.

They put me under to give birth.

It was like my- Yeah.

We only had like disposable cameras back then.

Don't you feel like it would be better if humans laid eggs?

I think some do.

Can I ask, Doreen, how did you get involved in the library?

Library sciences?

That's not what I meant, but yeah, sure.

You don't need to correct me, but- Oh, well, yes I do.

I'm here to correct all incorrect facts.

Right.

Oh, okay.

So you- I worked in the library.

I live in the library.

I guess that's what I'm asking is how did you get involved?

You live in the library.

Yes, because it's the only free place in this country to live.

Where do you sleep?

Have you been to the downtown Los Angeles library?

I sleep behind the first Sphinx.

The first Sphinx?

On the- Is it a good sleep or do you wake up alive?

Oh, it's a very light sleep, like a cat.

There are 17 cats who live on the grounds of the library.

Oh, you don't say?

What are their names?

Pickles, Demonstrative, Lucretia, Aborigine, Selma- That's five.

Mrs. Patterson.

That's seven.

Necklace.

Twelve.

Dale.

Twelve?

Oh.

Wait.

I've lost count.

And the rest are feral.

We don't name them.

Oh, okay.

Wow.

Oh, they don't deserve names.

So can I say, Doreen, you seem like a very- you have an alternative point of view, shall we say, about life and about things that happen.

Yes.

You don't seem to be in a relationship.

You live alone at the library.

And your job is to, when people come into the library, what do you do?

Well, I guide them to what they speak about.

I can sum up a human just by looking at them, much like a detective would, but mine goes right to, I look at them and I say, you should read this.

Sum me up, I dare you.

I'm an enigma.

Linnaeus' Book of Botanical Facts.

No, I'm suggesting a book for you.

Call me Linnae.

Linnaeus' Book of Facts.

It's pre-Darwin, and he cataloged all the species of plants in the world of botany.

So that's the book that you would suggest for Wilhelmina.

Yes, meaning it represents me, or I would learn something from my- You would learn something from it because you need to touch more things.

Oh boy, do I have a- So what is the process?

Someone walks in, is this like working at a carnival where you're able to guess someone's weight?

That's sort of a negative connotation on a carnival.

There is no fun in the library, it's just assessment.

It's all just pure assessment.

I see.

So if I were to walk in, and I'm not saying I'm going to- Right.

No, in case.

Don't make anyone walk into a library.

That's violent.

Right.

Well, let's say he walks into the library looking thick in all the right places.

Do you think I'm looking thick in all the right places?

We all think you're looking thick.

If you can say that at the right place.

Is this just hypothetical to you, or are you saying that I'm looking thick in all the right places?

No, I'm saying imagine if Scott Aukerman was thick.

Oh, if I were thick.

Oh, if Scott Aukerman- Thick also has another meaning, meaning not very bright, so I think you should be very careful throwing this term thick around.

How did you mean it?

I meant physically thick in all the right places.

Right.

Well, he's not orange, which means he has- Like the cloaca.

Big butt, big breast.

Big cloaca.

Small waist.

Okay.

So imagine I walk into this big butt, big breast, small in the waist, cloaca, all the fixins.

And he's not saying he's definitely walking in.

I'm not saying I'm going to do this, but I just might.

You may not walk in.

What do you assign me?

The same book, Linnaeus' Book of Facts, because it is basically a pornographic cataloging of botany.

Just saying you're a freak.

You're a freak.

I think he likes a little bit of everything.

Right.

I think so too.

He likes a little bit of everything.

I think so too.

From cardamom to cinnamon.

Well, look, we need to take a break if that's okay.

Doreen, you're a fascinating woman.

Oh, well, thank you.

Thank you.

I don't hear that very often.

Yeah, well, I mean, you just have the cats to keep you company.

Well, I don't talk to them.

Oh, you don't?

Oh, okay.

No, I just feed them.

Giving them a silent treatment?

Well, yeah.

Mostly.

You just feed them silently.

I throw the food down and I run away.

You throw it down, really?

No dishes?

Just you throw it on the floor?

No, they don't deserve dishes.

Oh, okay.

Oh, it sounds like you don't like the cats.

All right.

Well, look, we need to take a break.

We'll be right back with a little more Comedy Bang Bang after this.

Comedy Bang Bang, we are back here.

We have Matt Ingebretson is here.

Jake Wiseman is here.

Corporate returns this Tuesday.

Tuesday, every Tuesday.

Every Tuesday.

What am I trying to say?

Corporate's on Tuesdays.

Yeah.

Corporate's on Tuesdays.

That's right.

Corporate's on Tuesdays.

I think so.

It's a 1030 and it's after Drunk History.

We also have Wilhelmina Wonka.

Hello, Wilhelmina.

How the hell are you?

I'm great.

Thank you for asking.

Great.

And we also have Doreen Blatchley here from the Los Angeles libraries.

And it's time for one of our favorite features on the show.

It's time for a little something called Would You Rather.

All right, it's time to play Would You Rather.

We all know how this is played.

People send us Would You Rather scenarios to our Twitter, which is at CBBWYR, Comedy Bang Bang Would You Rather.

I will read the scenario out loud, at which point I will open the floor for questions.

And then you're free to ask me any question that you like about either of the scenario.

At a certain point, I will close the floor for questions.

There will be no asking questions after that.

And that is a hard and fast rule.

Okay.

There's no wiggle room on that.

All right.

So it's hard and fast.

It's hard.

It's fast.

No wiggle room.

As long as we can accept that, we can go forward.

I'm in.

I consent.

I have consent, though?

You have my consent.

Hard and fast like the goopity goop that was shot in.

Or the flukeety fluke.

At then at that point, you will tell me your choice.

And then we'll tally up the points and we'll see who wins.

All right.

So pretty clear, right?

All right.

Here we go.

This comes to us from Pablo Urobastera.

I hope I'm pronouncing that correctly and he's not walking out of the room.

Really bad guy.

Pablo asks, would you rather achieve the level of success of a main cast member of Friends, but you lose all your friends and can gain no more?

Or never reach Friends level success, but David Schwimmer becomes your personal assistant for the rest of your life?

Would you rather achieve the level of success of a main cast member of Friends, but you lose all of your friends and can gain no more?

Or never reach Friends level success, but David Schwimmer becomes your personal assistant for the rest of your life?

Opening the floor for questions.

All right.

What do we got?

So David Schwimmer can't stop being your personal assistant.

He can never stop.

He can never, like until the day you die, he's like, let me bring you some water.

Yeah.

And even if you don't like it, see, you're right there on the monkey's paw of this whole thing.

Like if you get annoyed with him, like at what point did you get annoyed with Ross on Friends?

About two minutes ago.

But before that, it was so good.

Before that, it was so good.

Yeah.

What happened two minutes ago?

The hard and fast rule.

Oh, yeah.

Yeah.

So even if you're annoyed with him, he still is constantly offering you things.

Little Davey.

Okay.

It's something to think about.

Do you feel if you're, um, wait, what was the first?

Matt's getting in there with a question.

He gets in early, which is great, but then he forgets.

That's why I have no further questions.

No further questions, your honor.

What?

I have a question.

All right.

Wilhelmina.

Is this the success level of the Friends?

Are we talking about the characters and the show, their success level or one of the actors on the show?

That is a great, great question.

Very unclear.

You achieve the success level of a paleontologist.

Fantastic.

Great.

What do you want from me?

I don't know.

I don't know how to answer your question.

I don't want anything from you.

You're the person who wants something from me.

I got it.

Do you feel if in the first scenario, are you comfortable in your own skin?

No, you're not.

You're constantly itching and you wish that you had different skin and you wish that you could just tear it all off and, you know, borrow someone else's skin.

Well, that sounds pretty good.

Wow, I think I'm leaning that way.

Don't tell me how you're voting.

Yeah.

Doreen, you've been very silent.

Yeah, I'm having a hard time with the concept of is success and friends.

I mean, is that really the pinnacle of success?

You're having a hard time with the concept of success and friends?

Well, that I should strive to be a friend from a TV show and I have everything I could want in my life right now.

I feel like you already have the level of success of a paleontologist.

You're a librarian, which is very similar.

Exactly.

And I don't need real friends because I have them.

Are you just talking about monetary success like Elon Musk?

No, I think that you have everything that these characters would have.

You have the apartment in New York that's way too big, which still, by the way, I raised this in a previous episode.

No one has answered my question about who was friends before the show?

How did people know each other?

I mean, you know, they never bring this up on the show.

And no one has ever written to me on Twitter to correct any of these assumptions that I have about the show.

So I wish people would.

It's taboo to ask those kind of questions though, Scott.

It's taboo.

Yeah.

Let me ask you this.

Does the success of the friends include maybe a potential horrific drug addiction for many years?

It does.

Yeah.

Okay.

So you get to do a lot of drugs.

Yeah.

And then sort of like when you recover, always think about how you want to chase that feeling of being high.

Still, you want to still be doing the drugs.

You wish you were still doing the drugs.

You know your life is better without the drugs.

Okay.

Again, really tantalizing.

And I love it.

But I don't know.

But you don't know.

But I don't know because honestly, I keep an open mind.

That's great.

That's what you need to do in this game.

I just think it's important.

Yeah.

Until the very last second, whenever I close the floor for questions, yeah, then you can make up your mind.

And then you close your mind.

But until then, why not keep an open eye?

You have the right attitude.

This is what I love about you.

Matt, did you remember what you were going to ask?

No.

I think it was, oh, no, no, no.

I was going to ask, are you fulfilled in the first scenario?

Are you fulfilled?

So do you have, are you comfortable in your skin?

Yeah.

You did ask that and you're not.

No.

But are you fulfilled?

No, you're not.

Okay.

Well, again, I love it.

So I don't know how the other side's going to drag me to the, yeah, no, I know.

You've been icona popped by the best, my friend.

Wow.

Well, guys, I haven't closed the floor for questions.

Let's think of another question.

I'm actually forgetting what the second one was.

What's David Schwimmer?

He's your personal assistant.

But what was the first part of that one?

Like so the second- You don't, you're never as successful as a paleontologist.

Okay, great.

And then he's my assistant.

Does David Schwimmer use iPhone or Blackberry as your personal assistant?

This is a great question.

Yeah.

He uses one of those old Blackberries with the raised typewriter.

Okay.

Does he have bad breath?

Yes, he does.

It's the worst.

And is it really bad?

It's the worst.

Well, now I kind of want to do this.

Yeah, but please keep it in your open mind.

Oh, a very open mind.

I have one of the most open minds here.

His brain almost fell out right just now.

Yeah.

So open.

Is David Schwimmer thick?

When you say thick, what exactly do you mean?

Big boobs, small waist, big butt.

He is.

He's the absolute thickest.

But here's the thing, so just to sort of talk about that, Wilhelmina, do you really want to be attracted to your assistant?

Because that gets into all sorts of workplace issues, dominance.

And then again, he can't quit.

He can't quit.

Right.

But then he's a constant sort of...

He's under duress.

He's a servant to your sexual...

I'm not asking for me because I want a thick person.

I slept with a thick person.

It's not what I...

It sounds like the one time you slept with that thick person, it was so good, even though you got shot.

It was so good that now you're judging all...

It was not in spite of being shot.

It was so good because I got shot.

So that's what you're into.

You're a masochist.

No, no, I just like being shot.

So your perfect man has big boobs, small waist, big butt, and shoots you?

See, no, no, see, you guys have got me fucked up.

Yeah.

No.

I slept with a thick person.

He rocked my world.

That's not to say that I'm exclusively seeking a thick partner.

That's to say...

I can't imagine you with a non-thick partner.

It's all you've talked about.

Is it because I look like I belong with a thick partner or is it because...

Yeah, it is.

Okay.

Well, that's your perception, which I don't have to take ownership of.

But don't you?

What people think about me, I'm supposed to make my thing.

Isn't that kind of the truth we're all skirting around?

I close the floor for questions.

Jake, have you closed your mind yet?

Yeah.

Okay, good.

All right, let's go around the room.

By the way, there's no more questions.

No more wiggle room on this, by the way.

Don't try to ask any questions here.

All right?

No.

Wilhelmina.

Wilhelmina, no.

I know you have several questions about how thick someone is.

I'm not going to allow it.

All right.

Okay.

All right.

Let's go around.

Matt.

Matt, I choose option two.

You choose option two.

Yes.

You didn't have a lot of questions, but you got in there, you forgot them, but then you asked them, and this leads you to option two.

Why is that?

Because I always fantasize about having someone do my dishes and laundry.

With really bad breath.

Yeah.

Who can never quit.

Yeah, that's right.

So that's your ultimate fantasy.

I just really want someone to help around the house.

Okay.

So you need help.

I'm in desperate need of help.

Are you still roommates, by the way?

We're not.

You're not?

We're not.

Not in the same house?

No.

It's also because we've reached that friends level of success, and we can no longer have friends.

And we were each other's friends, but not in the same house.

So you're already living the first half of this period.

Yes, I kind of know.

Right.

So Jake, where are you landing?

You have a very interesting choice, by the way, Matt.

Thank you.

Okay.

I'm going to go with option one.

You're going with option one.

Here's the thing.

You know, with the amount of success you achieve, you can't trust your friends.

They just want money.

Friends are just people who are going to want money when you have it, and that's actually in the dictionary in the library.

So I feel like you're not going to trust anyone anyway.

I certainly wouldn't trust little Davey Schwimm.

So I feel like, yeah, why don't I just be an island with itchy skin and a drug addiction and lots of money that doesn't really get me anything that ever fulfills me.

It sounds good.

You never made it sound bad.

Right.

And by the way, you're living this life already.

I'm already living this life.

I don't want to change.

I'm very conservative.

Right.

All right.

Doreen, how are you voting?

Well, I think it's apparent that friends is an addiction group.

They were a group of addicts.

They never bring, that's the other thing.

That's how they know each other.

All the performers have addictions.

So every episode is like they're having a meeting?

That's right.

It's a support group.

Okay.

Yes.

This makes more sense.

Well, I've done more research than you have.

Right.

So I don't need monetary success.

Everything I work with is free, and I'm going to have David Schwimmer as an assistant because you could tell your assistant, go sit outside and don't talk to me.

And they have to do it.

That's true.

See, that's the thing.

Doreen has found the loophole here.

Thank you.

You could tell David Schwimmer to go take a walk around the world.

Yes, you could.

He has to do it.

Yeah.

Wilhelmina, how are you voting here?

I'm going to vote for a little bit of option one and a little bit of option two.

Wow.

Groundbreaking.

So which parts of which?

I want success.

Okay.

I want success.

Got it.

And I want to be alone.

And then I want an assistant that's thick.

Yeah.

Wait, so you want a thick assistant.

I want a thick assistant.

And I also want to change my name to Khloeke Kardashian.

Whoa.

With a K or the way it's spelled normally?

How's it spelled normally?

With a C. We all know that.

Yeah, a hard C on my son too.

I'll do it with a K.

You'll do it with a K?

I'll do it with a K.

This is amazing.

Because that's one thing I learned in life.

There is no would I rather.

Like...

No one has ever done this before, just taking the parts of the question that they like and discarding the other parts.

What I'd rather do is take a little bit of option one and take a little bit of option two.

Wow.

All right.

Well, that's a very interesting vote.

So we have, Matt has option two.

Is that right?

Jake has option one.

Doreen, you have option two, right?

And Wilhelmina has parts of one, parts of two.

Let me tally up the points here.

Two gets you three points.

One gets you four points.

So if you have parts of two, parts of one, that's five point.

Five point.

Wilhelmina, you're our winner.

Wow.

Amazing.

And that's how we play Would You Rather.

Thank you.

Congratulations.

Thank you so much.

Yeah, thank you.

I just want to say thank you to everybody.

Wow.

This is amazing.

Have you ever won anything before?

Yeah, at the gym, at the CrossFit gym.

What did you win at the gym?

Attention and Renau.

Would you consider yourself to be thick?

I'm getting there.

Yeah.

What do you need?

Bigger boobs?

Am I thick?

Do you want to be thick?

Thick is, honestly though, I'm going to say this.

Thick is a mind state.

Do you feel thick?

Yeah.

Matt, if you feel thick, then Matt's thick.

Yes.

Okay.

But when you look at him, do you consider him to be thick?

Absolutely not.

Absolutely you don't think he's thick.

Do his boobs need to be bigger?

Does his waist need to be smaller?

His boobs need to be bigger.

I'll do whatever it takes.

His boobs need to be bigger and his waist does in fact need to be smaller.

What about his butt?

His butt is in good shape.

His butt's about there.

His butt is already thick.

That feels great.

You're one third of the way there.

Do you want the boobs to be the same size as the butt?

In an ideal world...

When I'm looking at boobs, should I think, am I looking at a butt?

Yeah, you should be confused.

Should there be nipples on the butt?

You should, sure.

If there's nipples on the breast, there should be nipples on the butt.

If there's no nipples on the breast, no nipples on the butt.

Oh, okay.

Got it.

These are good words to live by.

Well guys, we're running out of time.

We only have one thing to do and that is a little something called plugs.

♪♪♪ Ooh, yeah.

Wait, hello.

Oh, wait.

You're not Milo.

Where's Milo?

Oh, there was more.

That was Suburban Plugs Theme by Lost and Found.

We've heard from Lost and Found before.

And guys, what are we plugging?

You know what?

Matt and Jake, I'm gonna please ask you to put your plugs into just, you know, do them together.

Let's say it at the same time.

Yeah.

Please watch corporate on Comedy Central January 15th, which is a Tuesday at 1030 p.m.

Wow, there it is.

And Doreen, what do you plug in here?

You got anything to plug?

Yes, wear gloves when you're sorting through ancient manuscripts.

Sure.

That's, I mean, very important.

Because then the oils on the skin don't get on the page.

And the bacteria.

And the bacteria, right.

Yes.

Yeah, there's bacteria everywhere.

Yes.

We're just crawling all over us.

Think about it.

How can we ever get a boopity boo going with anyone if we just imagine all the bugs all over?

Just close your eyes.

Open your cloaca.

Yeah.

And live.

Speaking of close your eyes, that'll be coming up in just a second with our closing up the plug back theme.

And Wilhelmina, what are we plugging over here?

Formerly known as Wilhelmina, currently known as cloaca.

Oh, yes, cloaca, Kardashian.

I would say follow a Twitter account, at eggy underscore boom on Twitter.

Why would...

Yeah, who is this person?

Some bitch.

Some bitch I met a few months ago.

You met her?

I met this bitch a few months ago.

Where'd you meet her?

Oh, I met her in, where were we?

We were in Dallas, Texas eating barbecue.

Really?

Mm-hmm.

Okay, cool.

There's some people doing Dallas, right?

I guess so.

I've never been to Dallas.

That's what you do when you go to Dallas.

I'm not saying that you don't.

But Dallas did eat barbecue?

Yeah.

You should have to help you get thick.

I did.

Help you get thick.

Yeah, if you want to get those boobs a little bigger, you gotta eat barbecue.

I already barbecue, so I get my BBQ boobs.

I want to plug, there's a show called I'm Sorry, which is on TruTV on Wednesdays, and I'm on three episodes this season, including one next week, I think.

The 23rd is my first episode, I believe.

So check that out.

That's Andrea Savage's show, and I have a little recurring role this season.

Alright, let's close up the old plug bag.

Close your eyes and open up that bag.

You gotta get those eyes closed.

Get them, get them, open the bag.

Get them, get them, get them.

Don't be closing, don't be closing.

Open them up and let's get loaded.

Open up the bag.

Oh, excruciating.

This is only the second week of this.

I don't know how we're going to get through December.

Oh, guys.

Alright, well, guys, I want to thank you so much for being here.

Matt and Jake, so good to see you.

Good to see you.

And I wish your show success and you, I guess.

Thanks, Scott.

Thanks.

Yeah.

Yeah, I'm in pain right now.

I'm in a full body cast, but I really appreciate that.

Yeah.

I don't have time to sign it, by the way.

I know you're holding out a pen right now, but I, sorry.

You're too busy holding Wilhelmina's leg.

Yeah, exactly.

Stop.

You're pulling it.

He's not even just holding it.

He's pulling it.

Wilhelmina, so good to meet you, and I hope that you said what you wanted to say while you were here.

Yeah, and then some.

Yeah, I did.

Thank you.

So you said what you wanted to say and then some, and then you added a little bit like what percentage, what percentage was not what you wanted to say?

I would say I said 30% of what I said was on this show I did, and if you could cut it out, I would appreciate it.

Okay.

What do you want me to cut out?

I'll make sure to do it.

I want you to cut out the fact that I slept with an Oompa Loompa.

Okay.

That he impregnated me, that his climax was like a gunshot.

Okay.

That I was ever married to William Wonka.

This is going to be, this is a big ask, by the way, because I feel like this is all you talked about.

No, there were some other parts in my crossfit.

You want me to just keep crossing?

Okay.

So if I go back and edit this, it's going to be me introducing you and then a hard smash cut to you saying you go to the gym and then your interview is going to be over.

Are you sure you want this?

You make magic happen, right?

All right, I'll try it out.

Doreen, so nice to meet you.

Thank you.

Continued success with you living in the library right behind that first sphinx.

Those cats throwing the food on the floor.

Oh, just pure joy.

Pure joy.

And it's the apocalypse.

Collect rainwater.

Yeah.

Or down.

Yeah.

Up or down.

Is that what you said?

Hunker down.

Yeah.

Hunker down.

Get ready for it.

We're all doomed.

All right, guys.

I'm sorry.

We'll see you next time.

Thanks.

Bye.

you Thank you.
