---
layout: page
title: 582. Sam Richardson, Joe Wengert, Mary Sohn [https：⧸⧸cloudfront.wolfpub.io⧸CBB-582-20181214-RichardsonWengertSohn-DTBv01-PW.mp3].mp3.wav
category: cbb 
---

♪ Somewhere on the internet, two cannibals are falling in love.

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

Uh huh.

Thanks to Derple Prink.

Derple Prink, new catchphrase submission submitter for that wonderful catchphrase submission.

And welcome to the show for another edition.

This is Comedy Bang Bang, the show.

Gosh, we need new catchphrase.

I mean, that was a catchphrase submission, but we need we used to have a tagline.

That's what it was.

The show where we talked to interesting people didn't really seem to fit the show anymore because some of the people ended up not being so interesting.

But I hope this week it's a little better.

I can tell you that I'm very excited about the show.

A little later, we'll have a head coach of the NBA.

What does that stand for? North North?

No, what's the end for basketball association?

I would imagine I'm going to ask our next guest what that is.

National, national. Thank you.

Don't shout at your podcast devices.

I got it. I got it in, I would say under 20 seconds.

And that counts.

That's I mean, in jeopardy.

What do they give you?

They probably give you they give you a good 45 seconds to answer.

What if they gave you a minute?

You can check your phone.

So a little later, the National Basketball Association head coach will be here.

But our first guest, I'm very excited.

I'm I'm meeting right now for the first time.

I've been a big fan of his work, especially of the wonderful Comedy Central program, which is now defunct, bringing defunct, I guess.

And Denoise Detroiters, but also did a fantastic job on the legendary Christmas special.

Please welcome to the show, Sam Richardson. Hello. Thank you. Hello.

So nice to meet you. So nice to meet you, too.

What's up? Not too much.

Just hanging. Yeah.

He, of course, Sam has the new.

Do you call it a television show or I know it's ones and zeros and you put them together in a certain combination and like your face pops up.

Yeah. Yeah. But it's a it's a program of some sort program.

Like I still I guess we still call it TV series.

Yes, it's a it's a it's an acted series.

An actor. You guys act in it. Yeah. Wow.

Yeah. I see a little bit of your acting.

Yeah, sure. Maybe something by the immortal bard Shakespeare himself.

By Shakespeare. OK.

What is the that irks one in life?

Is it breath or be it the soul?

Oh, perfect. I am a contaminator.

Oh, my goodness. That was beautiful. That was very moving.

I don't know if it's going to come across to the listeners because they weren't seeing all the funny faces you were making.

You were doing it. Yeah, exactly.

Where did you get that made or did you did you make it yourself?

It's one of those CVS ones. Really?

Yeah, but there was a bunch of them.

You just mix and matched.

Just makes them match them.

Yeah. Furlie collar, I think was from like a clown. Right.

And then devil horns, devil horns, strangely.

And then those shoes, they're like pilgrim shoes.

They have buckles on them. Yeah.

This was the Thanksgiving shoes.

Yeah. Pilgrims had buckles on everything, didn't they?

Yes, on their hats.

They loved them buckles.

They just loved buckles. They loved them.

Yeah. Couldn't get enough of the stuff.

It really couldn't.

How long do you think that lasted?

Because as far as I'm concerned, the pilgrims landed in the sixteen hundreds, fifteen hundreds. Boy.

Oh, I will say Plymouth Rock landed on them.

That's right. That is true. That's factual. Right.

I was in both Jamestown.

Yeah. What was that?

It was like, I think it was like fifteen.

Fifteen hundreds.

OK, fourteen ninety two is Christopher Colombo discovered America.

So the ocean blue.

And of course, and then fifteen hundreds.

Some other people came in and the pilgrims got it going.

Right. Exactly.

So how long do you think buckles lasted?

Where was it like, you know, 1601?

I dare say buckles landed till the hot nineteen hundreds.

Really? Yeah.

I mean, I got one on my belt.

Everyone has exactly because we haven't like found out a better technology for belt.

Shouldn't there be something, you know, in Back to the Future, too, when Marty McFly pushes the button on those shoes and they just go, you know, I mean, why can't we do that with pants?

Because batteries, batteries, batteries, you know, the servos and the gizmos.

I would plug in my pants. Yeah.

In a heartbeat. Yeah.

You know, in a heartbeat everywhere I went, you got a plug.

I need to plug in my pants.

Yeah. And I think pretty soon seats would be fitted with like outlets.

Yeah. And if you ever couldn't find one, just suddenly your pants go and fall off.

They make like a little like I would like that's the future liberals want.

Yeah, exactly. That's the liberals America. Yeah.

I want to live in that America.

But speaking of television programs, you have a new one called Champagne Ill, which we'll find out whether it's short for Illinois or if it's short for anything else. Sickness, of course.

And this is a show starring yourself and Adam Pally, which is on a channel known as YouTube Premium, YouTube Premium, which burst on the scene this year with their karate kid, the Cobra Kai, the next generation of Karate Kid.

And you're you're just sitting there wanting to mop up some of their viewers.

I'm sitting there watching like, look, all these viewers, what can I do to make those viewers my view?

I want to sop up some of this shit.

Do I do more karate?

And is there karate in the in the program?

There actually is. I do one karate kick for the from the program. Really?

That's actually true.

At the very beginning of the first episode, just to hook people.

Episode nine of 10.

OK, well, you got to wait for it, but it is worth it.

And in what? And you say end of episode 10 or nine? Nine.

Is it literally like freeze frame and credits on this kick?

It's it's actually so in episode nine, we do like a whole boogie nights, like I don't say parody, but like we're doing like an awards ceremony.

And parody is for lesser comedians, for lesser.

You're satirizing. Exactly.

Like parody.

Oh, what?

My doctor, Demento Dement.

He lost the O at the end.

Did you hear about that? I did not hear that.

He's Dr. Dement now and he gave it to Weird Al.

So Al is weirdo Al now.

Huh? I didn't. Is that strange?

It was like a strange trade off they had.

They had some I heard when they met in the early 80s, they agreed that if they were still working together 30 years from then, that they would do a switch. It's a really weird story.

So I mean, no joke. But is that make him weirdo Al?

It's weirdo Al now.

And weirdo Al Yankovic.

It's I I didn't understand it.

Like I wasn't getting the details as much as I heard this.

They they had talked about this back in the 80s.

And then they were locked.

And you ever get into one of those things where like you're dating a girl and, you know, hey, it's not working out now.

But, you know, if neither of us are, you know, and that was the thing.

If neither of us have done it by 2017, I think it happens.

Then we're both each going to do it.

And yeah, it was really strange.

That is strange. Like and then like did did did Weird Al like remember it or did like Dr. Dement come and be like, hey, by the way, you know, it was definitely the power imbalance.

You could tell what it was because Dr. Dement was like literally New Year's Day, like the new year baby himself ringing up weirdo Al just going like, Hey, do you remember me?

You tell me my name or I'll take your baby.

He did take his baby to a lot of people don't know that weirdo Al had a baby that year. I didn't know that. And gone now.

Yeah.

And Dr. Dement is raising him as his own.

So anyway, yes.

Is that all you want to say about the show?

You just do a karate kick? I just do a karate kick.

No, what happens?

And so it's about two.

No, no. What happens with a karate kick?

Oh, I don't care about the show. Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.

So, yeah, it's a scene for scene Boogie Nights award ceremony scene. So like in that Dirk Digwood does does a karate kick. Yeah.

And so I match that karate kick.

You match it, really match it.

You match it. I'm talking about the same height.

Are you talking like you lined up the frames side by side?

Watched it very closely, like the whole thing.

Like so I could match every like motion.

Any kind of CGI with that leg getting it up as high as he got it?

No, I'm just stretching. Just stretching.

How much did you stretch before this scene?

A couple of times. Really?

As many as two, as many as two upwards of three. Wow.

I would love it if some of the sharp eyed fans out there were to take a screen capture of that moment and send it to me and Sam on Twitter.

And, you know, maybe I don't know, this go viral.

Yeah, I mean, it could.

This is my guess the makings of it's definitely viral, like a meme situation.

I'm sort of getting I don't know.

I'm not that really all that culturally aware of memes, but I think this might be one.

I mean, I like to look at a meme every here and there.

And I think this is something I would look at.

It looks at one once and I was like, ah, it's not for me.

I turned away. But yeah, I was like SpongeBob.

It's like it's not moving.

It's like a picture of SpongeBob. Right.

He looks very nervous.

He does always too nervous to.

There's that one where the the the who is it?

Andre clinches his fist. Uh huh.

Yeah, it wasn't for me.

Yeah. Arthur. Arthur.

That's who it was. Not Andre.

Not Andre 3000.

Well, he clinches his fists, but you can't hear it in the album.

Oh, everyone.

I swear to God, every once in a while, I just heard like a just like a knuckle cracking.

Yeah, that's drums. Those are drums. Those are drums.

Oh, that's what drums are. Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes.

They happen like every second.

Uh huh. Yeah.

That'll be too much to like crack your knuckles.

That's what it was. That's definitely what it was.

I think I think. What is rapping?

Rap is just like talking with a rhythm.

Are you doing it right now?

Oh, am I or am I?

I'm not. I really get you're not OK.

OK, thank you. Yeah.

So Champagne Ill, I know of the town Champagne, Illinois.

I want to say that, but I.

So that's it. Yeah.

Champagne, Illinois, Illinois, Illinois.

And is is this a show based upon the city?

So do you and Adam play buildings or we play university buildings?

Hmm. Uh, and then, you know, and the idea is how do these university buildings come together to to form one super building, one super building?

Yeah, like a Hall of Justice kind of thing that the super friends would be housed in.

Yeah, yeah, exactly.

And like, probably it's like there's a wall on each of us have a wall.

Yeah. And the city code as well.

I can't tell.

Well, you can't build buildings literally an inch apart from each other.

Just won't work. It's hard to build.

First off, like, how do you lay that brick? How do you do it? How do you do it?

And that's what a lot of episodes are about. How do you do it? Right.

How do you lay brick? Exactly.

Are these the YouTube videos I've seen about how to lay brick? Mm hmm.

Uh huh. Yeah.

And we're like, how do we make these, uh, go viral videos into karate kid rifling? Right.

Boogie Nights parodying series.

Mm hmm. So you think we did that? You and Adam.

Adam's an interesting fellow. He's been on this show many times.

And then he often moved away to New York, as far as I'm concerned.

And I never see him anymore.

But you guys have decided to make a show together. How does that work?

Why I kind of just knew Adam and passing.

But the are you passing him passing him at parties on the freeway?

On the freeway? I think that's Adam.

My dust. I'm just and I'm cutting them off and he's veering into the median.

Mm hmm. But, you know, next time beat me. Yeah.

So you just saw him at parties. Did he who contacted who?

So the Libman brothers and David Casp and Jordan Cahan.

Oh, this is David's thing. This is David's. This is David.

Oh, OK. Yeah.

I got it now.

This is David's thing.

Mm hmm. This is a David joint.

Yep, yep, yep.

So they reached out. They reached out to you.

Oh, that's how it goes.

They reached out to me and I like Reddit hook line the sinker.

They got me. Yeah.

You were on Reddit and what I was I was I was on Reddit and I got up voted.

They got up voted and you're like, I got to go.

I got to see this front page.

Um, what is the what is the show?

David seems to only create shows that are Chicago based.

So I should have smelled it when I read this title.

It had just the Casp air about him.

But tell me, other than the location, what is the show about?

It shows about like two guys who are in the entourage of their of their childhood best friend, whose name is Ill Lou.

Ill, he's he becomes a rapper, famous rapper, Ill Lou, Ill Lou.

OK, and two guys.

Hold on now. Two guys.

I'm on board. Yep.

Are what they're in their their their childhood friends entourage.

They're in their childhood friends entourage.

So their childhood friend became Ill Lou, this rapper.

And you guys are in the entourage.

Yeah, we leave our lives behind.

We follow him on the road.

And so we kind of like don't learn how to fend for ourselves.

And all of a sudden, you know, lose remove from the picture and we have to move back home to champagne.

And it's about how these guys kind of figure out, reacclimate themselves back to their previous lives.

Exactly. Ill Lou, who plays Ill Lou?

Jay Pharo plays Ill Lou. Jay Pharo from the that program on Saturdays at night.

That's right. Yeah, the sun went down.

I remember every time I watch it, the sun seems to be down, typically dark.

It's usually not on because it's ready, but because it's Saturday at 1130.

Is that the one I'm thinking of? Yes. Yes. Right. Got it.

OK, I think and so he's removed from the picture.

You're being very dicey and sort of Cajun coy about that.

Yeah.

Guys, I said it. There you go.

Spoiler alert. He dies.

Everybody dies. Every I mean, that's a fact of life.

It do you think what was the first movie?

OK, we all know the first movie of the train.

That's coming right at the audience and everyone ran out.

I think they're remaking that.

Yeah, I would love to see it because I need a little exercise.

But I what do you think is the first movie that was made that every cast member was dead?

In. You know what I mean?

I don't mean no, I don't mean the premise. Everyone's OK.

I mean, the first movie, like they started making movies in 1918 or whatever.

And then what was the first movie that that suddenly every cast member that was in it had passed away?

You know what I mean? Because Wizard of Oz, those munchkins, they lasted.

No, I think the last one passed away recently.

And I think Bert Bert Larr obviously is no longer with us, but I think everyone's gone.

Oh, right. I guess so.

But do you think do you think there was like someone?

There's got to be some film historian out there who was like, Oh, yeah, well, in 1923, a freak accident happened and every cast member was just suddenly just wiped out of everybody on trips on the moon.

I wonder what it was. Hmm.

I I'm going to I'm going to guess city lights.

Yeah. Chaplin, the little tramp.

Big influence on you. Oh, yeah.

Physical comedy. Mm hmm.

Just in the mustache. Just the muscle.

Yeah, you've grown.

I was going to call it a Hitler, but, you know, my grandfather actually had this mustache. Really?

He gave it to you. Pass it down.

Pass it down in a little box.

Opened it up. Put it on.

How do you apply that thing every day?

Well, stick them. What do you call it?

You call it a spirit or. Yeah.

OK, stick them. Definitely not the way to apply a fake mustache.

You don't want because it'll fall off.

What do you do when when and you've been in sketch comedy and you started off in as far as I know, Second City in Chicago.

Is that correct?

Same thing in Detroit.

And then you went to Chicago or. Yeah.

What do you do?

And this is for everyone listening out there who maybe dreams of being a comedian.

I almost had famous comedian, but no, no, no, no case.

But OK, someone of your stature who critically beloved on shows such as Veep and Detroiters, they want to do sketch comedy.

What what is your suggestion of what to do when a fake mustache falls off in a sketch, incorporate it, incorporate it.

You got to give a big whoa.

And yeah, just a big whoa.

Oh, no.

If you're wearing glasses or take them off, like do a googly eyed boy.

Oh, yeah, exactly.

And say check, please.

Check, please.

I guess I don't need a shave.

How many of your sketches ended with check, please?

I'd say 97%. Yeah, that's a high number.

But like 90 of them were in a restaurant.

So yeah, you were natural.

And you were the king of restaurant comedy in Detroit.

Absolutely. Yeah.

It's my object work.

You tell a meatball from, you know, you're you're you're you're doing some object work right now that this is a this is a let's see if you can tell. OK, well, I was going to say meatball, but I don't think so.

It looks oh, you plucked something off of the top of it.

Then you took a bite. It's a human skull.

That's right. Yes, because I made you see it.

Yes. Without saying. Yeah. Wow.

You're incredible. Oh, thank you.

Well, speaking of incredible champagne ill.

David Casp Joint is on YouTube Premium.

It debuted last month, but all the episodes are available.

And as far as I can tell, you made 10 of these things, 10 of them.

And in nine, you do a karate kick. Yeah.

And that's pretty much all you need to know about the show.

Right.

And and someone dies in it.

Someone dies. Did J.

Farrow die or did his character die?

See now that one, I don't know if I can give that spoiler.

OK.

Yeah. The first three of these are for free.

So I know there's a lot of people out there who are like, you know, I can't afford YouTube Premium, but I want to check this out.

You can go over there and check it out on YouTube Premium right now.

And the first you won't see the karate kick.

Yeah, you won't see you won't see the karate kick.

Karate kick is behind that paywall with good reason. For good reason.

Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I don't know.

You ever think about maybe mixing it up and putting out, you know, episode nine from behind that wall?

Yeah. You do like one, nine and then.

Yeah. Yeah. Hmm.

Oh, I'm shooting email or if you're if you're an exec from YouTube listening right now. Oh, they're all listening to toss that on your toss that shrimp on the bar.

That shrimp on the bar. Sure. Certainly. Check, please.

Check, please. Wonderful. I'm doing a bow.

Right. Wonderful.

All right. Well, we need to Sam.

Hopefully you can stick around. Is that OK? Yes.

OK, we need to get to our next guest.

He is the aforementioned National Basketball Association.

What was it?

Well, there was the ABA, right?

ABA was the American American Basketball Association, right?

And they used to be there at the same time.

And then suddenly the NBA like just sucked it up and and shit it out.

Now we have what is known as the NBA.

He's a head coach.

Please welcome Coach Ganvandi.

Oh, thank you for having me here today, Scott.

It's our pleasure. This is Sam.

Sam Richardson from have you ever seen the television show Veep?

I sure have. Yeah.

With Julia Louis Louis Louis Dreyfus.

And you're a Seinfeld fan.

I am a Seinfeld fan.

Yeah. Fanatic or just someone who's seen Seinfeld.

Just aware of.

I would call myself an appropriate level fan of the show.

OK.

Appropriate meaning at its peak, you would watch it every week, much like everyone and that appropriate in that level or but but not in someone who knows trivia.

I was watching primetime TV when it was on and I would watch it every week.

I have occasionally watched it in reruns occasionally.

I have had a few conversations with friends over the years where we go.

Hey, what's your favorite episode of Seinfeld?

We sort of go around the horn and everyone shares their favorite episode.

You ever do one of these with your friends?

Like which Seinfeld character are you?

As of this time, I have not done that.

That would be fun to do with your friends.

Yeah, I would ask you which which one would you say you identify yourself with?

Out of the four. Yeah.

Well, for a long time, I think I saw myself as a as a Jerry.

Mm hmm. Sort of the.

Jerry Seinfeld, the main the yes, Jerry Seinfeld.

Yes, the main character.

And lately I've kind of been taken on a bit of more of a Kramer energy.

Oh, really? A little more frenetic?

Kramer is Jerry's neighbor who enters from across the hall.

Yeah. But is that due to circumstantial changes in your life or?

It's actually related to why I'm here today.

Oh, why are you?

Oh, I was under the impression you were here to talk about Seinfeld.

Is that not the case?

That is not why I had planned on being here.

I'm happy to do it.

OK, well, maybe we could alternate questions. Absolutely.

OK, so one about whatever you're here to talk about, and then we'll dip into Seinfeld trivia.

I feel comfortable with that.

OK. Yeah. Sam, you have anything locked and loaded for Seinfeld?

Seinfeld question? Yeah.

Yeah. You a fan of Seinfeld?

I am a fan of Seinfeld.

OK, great. So just have those at the ready.

OK, because I'm going to need that.

So I guess my first question would be coach Gan Vundee.

What team are you the coach of?

I'm the coach of the Bismarck Dinner Dogs.

They're a an expansion team.

Oh, one of the new expansion teams.

OK, I guess I haven't heard about this one.

Yeah, it doesn't come on my league pass.

Yeah. Yeah, we're not.

We're we're behind the the extra paywall in the league.

Meaning they're not televised?

They will televise if we're playing a team like the Houston Rockets, they will televise the Houston players.

But our players are covered by big green boxes.

OK, so so there you don't have a deal then with the NBA, the people who televise NBA games currently.

So they have to hide you guys.

Yeah, there's not the interest there.

And they're trying to play into it.

They're actively trying to hide.

Oh, the mystery. Yeah.

So people are you're hoping that people will be like, wow.

Got to see what's happening from behind these green box.

That's really hooked me.

That's like the end of the first act of a great mystery.

Who done it? That's right. Right.

Our first three games were free and then all the rest were behind the green.

Sam Seinfeld question.

Was the soup Nazi normalizing?

Normalizing for for Nazi ism, for Nazi ism.

Yeah. You know, there's been a big uptick in certainly the Albright and that that type of behavior this year.

Do you think it was due to the soup Nazi?

I think he could.

He's he's part he's shoulders a portion of the blame.

A portion, a portion, a generous portion, like a healthy portion, very small portion.

I would give Larry David and Jerry Seinfeld a bigger portion.

OK, right.

As as to the rise of the alt right.

You would give Larry David a bigger portion than.

Yes, I would. A generous portion for him.

Yes, I would say.

All right. Answers my question.

All right. So now why are you here?

Well, we're about to take a sip of something and I ask you that question.

You you go ahead.

Sam and I will stall while you take a little sip of that.

You you go right ahead.

All right. And I will let you know when I'm done.

OK, Sam, the Seinfeld question, like you hit him with a really.

Yeah, I'm sorry.

Oh, real right hook right off the bat.

I know, like you almost flattened him.

We have because I want the truth.

And if I if I if I softballed, I'm going to just ease up a little bit.

I mean, it's a friendly interview that we're trying to do.

Fair enough. You know that you're ready to go when you're ready to go.

OK, why are you here?

Well, I have been in the news lately for some of my behavior, both on and off the court and the team.

And also the league has asked me to.

They're sending me on a press tour to just sort of clear the air about what's going on.

So you've been in the news due to some of your behavior on the court.

Yeah. And off the court. That's right. Yeah.

Let's talk about your behavior on the court.

Well, if you have if you've paid to be able to see our games.

Right. Actually, you wouldn't see this because you don't have you have to be there live, but at our at our when people pay to see you live, are they also trying to disguise the identities of all the players?

Yeah, they if you haven't paid to watch us, they put the guys in these green sacks so anyone can come in to watch.

But the people who have not anyone, you have to pay.

You have to buy a ticket. You have to buy a ticket.

So then who are the sacks for?

Because you're inside theoretically, you're in the open.

Our guys, they're sacks.

Sneaks in there.

They are sacks.

Their feet stick out the bottom so they can still run, which is good.

Thank goodness.

And then everyone who comes in to watch the game, if you have paid to watch the dinner dogs, then you get special glasses that allow you to see through the set like those X-ray glasses advertised in the back of comic books.

Yeah, I guess they're like virtual reality or.

Yeah, I mean, they're like that.

And then there are also glasses.

They're not like that in that they're available immediately and you don't have to mail away.

OK, well, sure. Fair.

So if you go to this game, everybody there is wearing glasses that are like one I read my blue.

And how many people are sneaking in and don't get the glasses?

Is it worth it?

The expense for the glasses?

And is it like not wearing the glasses enough of a indicator that person has not paid?

Shouldn't they just toss these people?

What I'll say is a lot of these questions are above my pay grade.

They are. I mean, you're getting paid a lot of money to be a head coach of an NBA team.

I would imagine. Yes.

So you think that's for people above that?

I you know, they're the owner of the team.

That's a different job.

OK, you know, right.

Don't you think that some of those questions should be like logistical questions about the games themselves?

It's changed the way I coach.

Yeah, it's definitely changed the way you're coaching differently because of the glasses.

Well, yeah, because a lot of the times and most of the games, my guys are not allowed to use their hands.

They're not. And because of this inside of the sex, it's a major part of that's major part of the game.

That's a good 50 percent of basketball, as far as I'm concerned.

It's interesting to the feet, to the to the ground.

It's interesting the way that we've adapted.

And I think that we've kind of got a rhythm going now with no hands.

Is it like what do you do?

Is it like soccer or how do you bounce the ball or how do you how does one dribble on your team?

Are you familiar with a small aquatic animal called a seal?

Yes, I am. I is that what the Navy SEALs are based are based off of?

Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. OK. Yeah.

That's who they're protecting, is my understanding.

OK, they're they're protecting SEALs, SEALs.

Oh, the Navy SEALs are they kill those in Laden, too, didn't they?

A couple of them.

He was coming for SEALs. He was coming for SEALs.

Really? Yeah.

So that's what they were upset about with that guy.

Interesting. Among other things.

OK, so I believe Sam and I both are familiar with the concept of a SEAL, if not, you know, really intricately involved. Yeah.

Well, a SEAL is able to catch a beach ball on its nose. OK.

And so my guys are able to sort of catch a basketball on their on the on the tip of their heads, top of their heads.

So not their noses.

Well, the nose is under the sack, so.

Oh, OK. Oh, got it.

So the top so the sack is cut off at forehead level.

Oh, no, they're fully in the sack.

Fully in the sack.

Is it like eye holes?

We tried that.

But because of the movement on the court, they kind of get twisted and turned around. Oh, OK.

What I've been doing is in practice, I have them practice in the sack.

And that kind of helps them get ready for game.

I would imagine probably now it's like soccer players aren't out there practicing, just throwing the ball around.

All right. Get into the game.

Game conditions. You kind of want to practice under those.

Well, at first we do some practice.

First, we did some practices with bandanas.

And I said, this is this is almost it, but not completely it.

And did you have the sacks lying around while you were practicing with these bandanas?

Just pick up the sacks.

Well, first thing I did was call the owner and say, I think you should order another set of sacks that will be our practice sacks.

Oh, OK. Double the sacks.

What did he say?

Well, he agreed.

The problem is practice sacks way bigger than our game time sacks.

So it is a completely different feel.

But yeah, it's too big.

Now, because bigger that was on me.

Bigger. You know, they get a little bit more range of motion in terms of their limbs, but there is a greater deal of tripping.

Or there was, I should say, because they've started it.

Now they're pretty good at their practice and game time.

Now, these these sound like incredible athletes to be able to play blind with all of their movement restricted thusly.

I would say if any of these guys get traded to a different team, they are going to be dominating like the Harlem Globetrotters suddenly because of the stuff they can do in the sack.

They're playing with such a deficit here. Yeah. Yeah.

Amazing.

Sam hit him with the Seinfeld.

Yeah. Do you think Newman and and Kramer were like really friends or they just find like, yeah, like a friendship of convenience, convenience?

You know, I think a lot of friendships sort of start that way due to proximity.

Who's your best friend?

My best friend. Yeah.

His name is Keith Cave in Wood.

Keith Cave in Wood. Yeah.

And what does Keith do?

Keith, he is a well, he's a used car salesman. Really? Yes.

Pre-owned cars, pre-owned cars, cars that were owned by someone.

They've had their fill of the car.

They've had their time in the sun.

Are you familiar with cars? I am.

So anywhere from one day to sometimes it can be up to 60 years.

Yes. 70 years.

I think 70 years for one car.

Jay Leno, I believe, has some that are probably over 100 years old.

Yeah. These wheels.

Yeah. At least the wheels. At least the wheels.

Yeah. He probably has a couple.

If you go in his garage, he's probably like, yeah, just got the wheel, the fifth one.

Like, this is all right.

Yeah, I know. The wheels are fun.

I can see he can imagine the whole thing.

Yeah, because he's a wheel head. Yeah, exactly.

So, Keith, where did you meet Keith?

We started out as friends because we lived on the same block.

You did. So we started out from proximity, but then over shared experiences and acts of kindness towards each other, our friendship deepened and now, even though we live very far away from each other in our completely different fields, we still have a special bond.

And where does he live? I'm sorry. My best friend.

Where did you both live that you were on the same block?

What, what, what town was this? In the center of Lake Michigan.

In the center of the lake itself?

Yeah. Yeah. On an island?

On a, on a floating, sort of a paddock.

You both lived on a paddock in the center.

Well, our families did. Your families did. Okay.

Yeah. Yeah. It was a, it was a three family paddock. And, uh, got it. The third family, no children, just birds. Okay.

Were you, were you friends with this, uh, birdful family?

Uh, they were birds. They were birds. Oh, it was a family of birds. Oh, God.

I thought you meant they didn't have children. They had birds.

I could see why you would think that from how I said it.

Right.

But that's just a misunderstanding. They were in fact birds.

I would say I was friends with those birds. You were?

Not in the same way that I'm friends with human beings, but, uh, I would say that, um, I showed no ill will towards them and they didn't towards me. Sure.

And there's not a lot of communication I would imagine between birds and yourself. Tried. Okay. I bet.

I bet. Yeah. Now why though, you mentioned your, your behavior on the court and off the court. What is this behavior?

Like a drop in the bucket. Uh, really when you look at the whole picture of sort of what the team is going to do right now, I'll tell you what, it's not helping. Right.

It sounds like there's a lot of challenges with the team purely in the sport.

Sure. I've had a lot of erratic behavior on the court because, uh, yeah, at, at, at our, uh, recent game, we played a game in Phoenix and after the game, uh, a trickster demon, uh, by the name of Azaban approached me outside my hotel room, uh, in the form of a coyote and he offered to help us, uh, win games. And, uh, I took him up on his offer. So you did. Okay. Yeah.

I'm sorry. I, I, I'm curious. Was he did, so he was in the form of a coyote and spoke like a, like a man or an entity.

Coyote language and you suddenly somehow understood it or was he speaking in English or was it like a disembodied voice? He was speaking in English.

His mouth was moving. Okay.

Did it match the English words or was it just kind of going up and down much like a, one of those, you know, pet movies from the eighties where all they did was they got the animals to like lick peanut butter. Yeah.

I would say the, every movement of his mouth matched perfectly with the sounds. Okay.

So that's, yeah, that's legit. That struck me as strange.

That's right. You would have expected it the other way.

Well, that's what I'm more familiar with. Sure. Yeah, no, absolutely.

My childhood friend, Keith is a prankster.

So if there's a coyote outside my hotel room and it's just going, there's words coming. You would have thought, he said something up class key. What are some of the pranks he's played?

He sounds really funny. Yeah.

You're just laughing thinking about it.

They're very good. And, uh, really excellent pranks. Yeah. Well thought out. Yeah.

Nothing done off the top of his head, like years of meticulous planning.

Really something that was really going to make me, uh, stand up and say what the heck is going on here?

I don't know that we have time to get into these pranks though, uh, because I still don't know what you mean when you said you made some sort of a compact with this, this prankster demon. Is that what you said? Named Azaban?

Yes, that's his name. Azaban. Okay. And, and he, he offered you, he offered to help us win games and uh, help you win games or you were gonna win the games.

Like what was the deal that you made?

He implied that winning would happen.

There was no, there was no guarantee. Uh, he didn't, you know, so you inferred from just his general demeanor. Well, he has a very sly tongue and he's very convincing. Yeah.

Okay.

I mean, I don't know if you recall, like what, like his words were, you know, he's a trickster. I mean, I'm just, just even like off the bat, I'm like, interesting. Yeah. I would have parsed his words really, you know, to make sure that you were getting what you expected to get from him. Uh, he promised me that, uh, we would make the playoffs this year.

Oh, okay. At least. Okay. At least. Uh huh. Why don't you, now why don't you say that's a good first offer, but we want to win the championship.

Well, we're, uh, the position that we're in right now is a new team.

You're happy with the playoffs? Playing with inside of, uh, sacks. Right. Um, you know, I think if I made the playoffs, I'd be pretty darn happy. So, okay.

So you were just, you were fine with that. Uh, I saw, uh, that seemed like a great deal to me. Okay.

So you entered into this arrangement and since then, I think we have been playing better and you know, you see the difference, uh, you've been winning games. We've been winning games, winning games.

I was gonna ask like, are you just scoring at all? Uh, well, we did start scoring more points, uh, than the other team.

And that's how you win games.

Number of points that we were able to score a lot of times have resulted in a victory. They've exceeded the points of the opposing team.

They're also scoring points. Okay. I was confused on that.

Well, and, and as I made this, uh, packed with him, I thought maybe there's a chance that these guys are just going to be putting up air balls or just slipping and falling and not shoot, making any.

Right.

Or eating bananas on the court and tossing the peels over their shoulder and making their, their players, their teammates slip on them.

Based on what I can see, uh, their play has not changed at all.

Really? So it's just the same standard of play.

I think the way that these trickster demons work is they, uh, affect the team that they are in cahoots with and have no, no bearing on the other team. Great. The one who enters in the contract, they can make us better. They can't make them worse.

Because yeah, I guess that would be very unfair to the other team to make them worse because that would affect their, like, you know, I mean, a lot of these teams, they, they want to be traded.

The players want to be traded to other teams.

And if suddenly they're playing poorly, that would be, that would negatively affect their future, their future, their families, you know, uh, and all that branches on each one, each one of these guys that themselves like a company.

So that would affect the bottom line of like everybody.

Are you talking about Seinfeld right now? I am talking about Seinfeld. Okay.

How much per episode did these guys make?

How much did each of the cast members make? Yes. And the characters. Yes.

And the characters as well.

Pro-rated most, I would say most episodes took place over three days over three days.

I know the Chinese restaurant one that was over 22 minutes, but most of them are an average of three days pro-rate their salaries to how much they're probably making. Okay. Well, then take it from like, uh, like 95 bucks to 2019 bucks.

Yeah. If you could, yeah, I'll be able to do that. Okay. And then, uh, do you want me to factor in now? Jerry was a comedian, pretty much the entire run of the show. George had a number of different jobs.

So I, and so did Elaine and Kramer. Now I would say average out there, salaries as well. Based on every job they had. Yeah.

Jerry was pretty consistent, although he did sell the TV show TV show with George.

Yeah. Did it too. But George seemed to lose all of his money too. Anyway. Yeah.

Have at it. Okay. And then do you want the answer? Uh, by the end of the show?

Oh no, I'd like it relatively quickly. 45 seconds. Yeah. Jeopardy rules.

Yeah. Okay. All right.

Okay.

I don't think I hit too much of a hardball question.

He seems like he's able to handle it. Yeah. Okay.

What was George's role as a part of the Yankees organization?

I'm starting from someplace that I'm a little bit comfortable with.

All I've done so far is on a piece of paper, I've written down Jerry.

Sure.

To him I've written George and then once I factor out those two guys, I'm going to flip the paper over.

And 45 seconds. There we go. Okay. What are your, I need an answer.

Okay. Well, um, I'm a wittle baby and uh, I need to, I need you to change my dipe.

I don't think that we can accept that. I mean, I want to, it's close.

It's God, I have to apologize that I wasn't in control of my words there.

That was, yeah, that was very odd. That didn't seem like an answer. What do you, why did you say that? What do you mean you weren't in control of your words?

Azaban the trickster demon took over.

It's a part of the deal that I struck with him, which is he can control me at any time and make me do something foolish and silly.

Now that's gotta have it's that's, that's gotta have this have some times.

That's not ideal. I mean, you, this I would say is one of them because I don't want that out on the airwaves that I'm a baby. I am not a baby.

You're not a, you seem to be a full grown man. I don't know anything about, I don't need to have a diaper contents of your diaper. Yeah.

Well, I don't have a diaper on.

I didn't smell anything either. And the grown man's like diaper feelings.

I feel like we would all know.

Does this have anything to do with your behavior on and off the court?

I mean, that's an example of one thing that has happened on the court as a human.

The court and also at home. Yeah.

You've you've said those words on the court.

Things of that nature. Yes.

Now normally a coach is not allowed, uh, on the court during, during play. Yeah. Gameplay.

Well, I wish someone would explain that to Azaban.

Do you think Azaban knows or is?

I think he does know.

He's not confused about the rules of the NBA.

The one thing I will say is he does seem invested in us winning now and that is part of his deal.

So having me run on the court and get technicals will stop impede us from.

So I would imagine during gameplay you're sort of safe.

He's a, he's a little bit of a nuisance, this guy, but he is a, he is a creature of his word and he does want us to win. So yeah.

Yeah.

Tries to keep my sort of a silly behavior to pregame activities, the national Anthem.

What are some of the things you've done during the national Anthem?

The other night during the national Anthem, uh, he had me run out onto the court and I took the microphone away from the young lady that was singing the national Anthem and I announced everyone that I was the poo poo King and then I love poo poo and that I'm proud and humbled to be its King. And obviously, you know, that's not true.

I mean, I don't know that it's obvious that's not true.

Did I strike you guys as possibly a, as like a poo poo sovereign?

I don't know that anyone who has that sort of like scatological fetish really presents themselves as someone unless maybe they have smelly hands when you shake hands with them or something. Maybe it's hidden. Yeah.

Yeah. So I, I don't have an opinion one way or the other on whether or not you're the poo poo King. Yeah. Especially as like a King, you know, like all that's essentially gotta be like sacred stuff.

So you're not just like flaunting it. Yeah, exactly. I would assume, I would assume. So, you know, my mental picture of that was always different because I always thought that maybe if someone was an actual poo poo King that they would be dressed in the finest garments, the finest garments that one can buy. Yeah.

And then also covered in fecal matter. That is kind of my understanding. Okay.

A lot of this stuff is new to me.

I've just mostly been a basketball coach focused on that player, then coach. And then you haven't had any sort of Google search of poo poo King or anything like that. If one were to come through your browser history.

I just am nervous about how that's going to affect my algorithms.

If I started looking at stuff. Sure. Luckily not televised either. No.

The national Anthem was not televised during this game. No it wasn't. Okay.

This was a, another one of the expansion teams. Oh, well, uh, it was a home game for us. Home game for you. Okay. So even if, uh, the Houston rockets were to come to your home game, it would not be televised.

None of the home games are televised.

Why would anyone come to play you then? Well, is it optional for the other teams? It is currently. Okay.

And, uh, a lot of the, a lot of the teams I think are showing up at a purely out of morbid curiosity because they've heard about the sacks and everything and the poo poo King. Well, this is a newer development, which it was the last thing we needed.

So the sacks predated the compacts with Azaban. Sure.

Okay. You understand why I'd want to get 100% you want any leg up.

So if I had my guys on the court, the ability to see ability to use their hands and move around the court, unimpeded by a big green sack, I'm not going to get into any sort of agreement with any sort of like supernatural being certain. I wouldn't do that. So you, you made this deal with him and that was part of the deal was he was able to control your body. Does this last through the season?

Or is this something that goes on for the rest of your life?

Somewhere in between somewhere less.

These are good questions that I have tried to, uh, get some answers out of him in terms of, uh, but he is a little bit of a slippery guy and, and, and doesn't want to necessarily let me know the entire rules.

I think he's deriving some pleasure. How are you talking to him?

Are you able to summon him somehow?

He appears in a puff of smoke, uh, at, at any time. Uh, and he usually gives me no warning. No warning at all.

The one thing I can count on is he has been showing up to all team meetings and practices and games, uh, because, uh, he's, he's been getting in there working with the guys.

He's been putting people through drills and stuff. Yes, he is. So wait a minute.

Is he just coaching? Well, part of his deal was he was going to help us win games. So, uh, so he's just coaching the players. That's how he's, he's not doing it through magic. No, he's a great coach.

He really knows how to talk to these guys.

Cause there's a lot of ego on our team and, uh, you know, a delicate mix of personality.

They're playing for your team.

A lot of them are upset to be in Bizbar. I guess. Yeah.

I don't think a lot of these guys have, you know, worked their whole lives to be in the NBA and they didn't imagine that they'd be a dinner dog because it didn't exist until only a couple months ago. Right. So, so this, so Azaban is coming to your practices, putting the players through drills, giving motivational speeches. That's right.

And then before, sometimes during, not often, and then after games, he's inhabiting your body, uh, and forcing you to do things that are embarrassing.

And you've been in the news recently because of this. Yeah.

Can I ask, news outlets have been covering your story because I haven't seen these, uh, Bismarck today. Oh, okay. The local, just all local local eggs and stuff.

New York times, Washington post. Yeah. That rag.

Does your general manager know what's going on here? Uh, he does.

And he assures me that, um, you know, this, he's very happy about the situation. Okay. And, uh, he, you know, if the contract does expire at the end of the season, he's already talking to me about trying to strike another deal with him.

It sounds to me like maybe he should just make a coaching change and hire Azaban.

You seem to be sort of a liability to the team now. I mean, are you getting any coaching in at all?

I think a lot of the guys on the team trust me. And, uh, I think also some of the behaviors he's putting me through is kind of, uh, reminding us all that it's fun, you know, what we're doing. I guess so. Yeah.

Like during the game last night, uh, they were, they were trying to play and, uh, he had me sort of waddle along the sidelines on my knees.

And he said he had like a Dorf situation, a Tim Conway Dorf.

And I was referring to myself as little Tony.

And I was asking the guys to get little like me and give me sweet little kisses.

And, uh, you know, that's fun. The fans like it.

So you've become sort of the mascot. Yeah. Now little Tony, the Bismarck, what is it? Bismarck dinner dogs, dinner dogs, little Tony, the Bismarck dinner dogs mascot is what your job essentially is.

Well, I was, uh, about the size of a dog, you know, down on my knees.

I would imagine, uh, you know, a healthier dog, uh, maybe a great Dane of some sort or yeah. Yeah.

Like a dinner worthy dog. Sure. Well, I mean, if were I to be the, the owner, first of all, I don't, I think I would take the sacks off.

I don't think they need all the security, but, uh, I'd say, but, uh, but maybe they don't want YouTube videos out there on YouTube premium, you know, just a circulating of their copyrighted games, you know, so maybe I'm happy to bring that idea to him. Yeah. I would take the, that would be my first job in trying to get this team, uh, to win. But I mean, secondly, I would hire Azaban. He sounds like a great coach.

Yeah.

I would keep you on as the mascot. You sound very funny.

Just to defend myself here. I don't think he, uh, really understands.

He's been, he's been wasting timeouts and, uh, he doesn't know how to get these guys to close out quarters and he doesn't know everything about, but they've been winning. They've been winning.

They've been winning, but some of them have been pretty sloppy wins.

How many games has Azaban lost since taking on the duties of head coach? All right.

I'm going to flip over the piece of paper that I was using for the Seinfeld, uh, yeah. I don't want the words Jerry and George to distract you.

Just trying to make a tally of the games that we have played. 45 seconds.

Yeah. All right.

Okay.

Yeah. I don't know. He seems very thrown by this question.

But do you have one on deck? I mean, yeah. Yeah.

What was the question again? It was how many games has Azaban lost?

He's lost to zero. Yeah.

But you say he's not a great coach because he doesn't know how to close out quarters. How are you closing out quarters? Well, you know, we, how many timeouts are left over at the end of the game?

The purpose of the timeouts is not to save them all and to have them all intact by the end of the game. You want to use these for a streak of, uh, I hadn't used any time out so far.

How are those games? That was pretty impressive.

We were not coming in with the win at the end of those games.

You lost, you lost them.

I think we, these guys were playing, they were, they were, they were showing a lot of mental toughness. I don't, I don't think they were showing anything because they're behind a sack. Okay.

Well, you and I disagree there, you know, cause it's more than just winning at the end of the day.

What is it to you?

What is your whole ethos as a, as a coach, as a head coach?

Yeah.

What's your goal to, are we going to have a good story at the end of this?

Do we look back and go those that year in Bismarck was what, do you mean are the players going to be complaining after the game?

Like stories like that, like, Hey, coach made me not use the time out when I was just about put my, put my hands in a tea for time out. He intercepted and interceded.

I find happy stories to be compelling. I find funny stories to be compelling.

And sometimes stories where there's a conflict at the middle of it, those are the most compelling. All right, look, we need to take a break. Uh, coach Gan Bundy. Uh, I hope you don't mind. Uh, but we're going to go to a commercial right now. Can you stick around? Uh, because Sam has another Seinfeld question for you on the other side of the break.

So I'm going to try to stick around. I am merely a puppet of Azaban. So, uh, he may force you to run outside of the room. Yeah.

We'll turn that paper over. Cause we have another Seinfeld question.

I bet Jerry and George are going to be involved in this.

So you can use those pre-written to jog my memory. Yeah.

Okay, great.

We're going to be right back with more comedy, bang, bang after this.

Comedy bang, bang. We are back here.

Sam Richardson is here with Champagne Ill on YouTube premium right now with Adam Pally, our old friend, all 10 EPs currently available.

The first three are for free right now.

We also have coach Gan Bundy of the Bismarck, uh, dog dinner dogs. What does that mean? The dinner dogs? I, I, I'm having trouble remembering that because it's not a phrase that I've really heard before. That's a, that's a local animal in North Dakota.

It's a dog that's a good boy and he's getting dinner. Okay.

That's local to North Dakota. Okay. Okay. Now Sam, you good boy.

He gets his dinner. We hiked to this before the break.

You have a Seinfeld question that you wanted to ask. Yeah.

It involves Jerry, uh, uh, the titular Seinfeld, the titular Seinfeld. Uh, who do you think in, uh, the, the, the foot race was a very, uh, famous episode. Yeah.

Uh, so out of the, the characters, he's really struggling. Have you noticed this, Gan? Are you whispering at me?

Yeah, I am. I don't know. He had those other questions, right off the bat.

He was like, ready for them. Like if one man was Jerry, seen the show, it was the foot races specific. He had, he does seem to know what the foot race is, but do you really stumbling around?

If like the gun didn't go off knows everything about it.

And that is what he's just trying to brag that he knows everything.

And he's like reaching to find, okay, let's hear it.

So what would the number of steps be at the end of the foot race after the gunshot goes off? Do you think good question, Sam?

Thank you. Question.

Yeah. You got there. I mean, I was, yeah. Every word mattered.

Oh my. So is that your thinking sound? Yep.

So how many, how many steps you have? 45 seconds. I would say, uh, probably about 4,300 steps.

Why you didn't need the, the, excuse me, someone just came in.

You didn't need the 45 steps. Which one is a Scott? Which one is Scott? Hi, I'm, I'm Scott. Excuse me. We're in the middle of a show.

I am so sorry to interrupt, but I'm Deb and I'm here to pick you up.

Here to pick me up for what? What do you mean? Your mom told me, I'm your mom's friend from the office.

She told me that she needed somebody to come pick her son Scott up.

And here I am. And if you tell, uh, if you guys want to hop on in, the car's waiting outside. Where would we be going? Hold on, hold on, hold on.

You're, you know, my mom. Yeah. You know, Barbara. Oh boy.

Barbie said, you'd be like this. Don't worry. Don't worry.

You can call your mom to confirm. She asked me to come pick you guys up.

We're all going to go to the soup plantation after this.

It's going to be so much fun. I, uh, I, I mean, I drove myself here. I don't know.

I drove myself also, but like soup plantations sounds pretty good. I mean, I am a bit hungry.

You get whatever you guys want. Do you want to start with dessert? You can, you can. I don't know. They put it at the end of that big line.

Yeah. I mean, or do like, like.

I think you have to literally at soup plantation, I think you have to go through the salad line.

They don't let you back into the salad line, but they, they.

Not this one Scott. Oh no. All right.

It's a new one by the mall. Where they start with dessert.

You start with dessert. You get your brownies, you get your cookie cakes.

You do a little bit of soft serve. You get nuts. Most of the nuts are charred.

Okay. Well, that doesn't sound too good, but coach funny, what are you up to right now? Are you.

I'd be willing to go along. Uh, that's not Azaban talking.

Is it? Yeah.

I want to go along and, uh, hate to have, uh, you know, uh, Azeman say like, let's go and then pop up. You wake up and you're willing.

Participant, you know, wake up at soup kitchen.

Are you awake during these things that happen?

Do you fall asleep and then with no knowledge of what you did during.

I am unfortunately, uh, painfully awake and aware of everything that's happening and usually fighting against it. But okay. But are you right now? Right now, uh, Joel is telling you that he wants to go to sloop soup plantation.

Joel is what? Who's Joel? My first name is Joel. Oh, Oh, Oh.

I thought it was Gann. I haven't said it yet.

I think I thought your first name was Gann. Your coach, Joel Gann-Vundee.

Yeah. My last name is Gann-Vundee. Oh, I called you coach Vundee.

I'm so sorry about that. Oh, did you? I did. Yes.

And I have no Azaban to blame for that. That was a nickname.

Maybe Gann in Vundee either or two.

I've, uh, I've had a lot of people call me Vundee, which is why it didn't strike me as unusual when you did.

Okay.

I said coach Vundee. Well, anyway, uh, Deb. Well, I just want to say I have a lot of experience in picking people up.

Just dead weight. I can lift you up if you do pass out. Oh, terrific.

You have a lot of experience literally picking people up.

My niece used to pass out everywhere we went.

She would just pass out at the Ross and I'd have to deadlift her out of there.

Ah, is she a narcoleptic of some sort or she's an narcoleptic and that can affect you at any age. So get tested kids, get in the car.

I've got all kinds of snacks for you. So it's nice in the car as well.

It's a long ride and I know you guys get cranky. How long of a ride?

Where is the soup? It's an hour and a half away. It's the new one by the mall.

Oh, I didn't, I didn't know which mall, I guess.

Scott, I got your favorites in the back seat.

You just got to move the baby seat. What are what's next year? What favor?

I got those fat free Oreos. I got those wild chips.

I like those. What else do I got back there? I got some toasty nose, burnt the sides just a little bit. I mean, I guess we could end the show early and I'll go to the soup plantation.

I mean, this sounds kind of good.

I am honestly curious and a bit peckish. Yeah. I didn't hear about this mall, but yeah, an hour and a half is not that bad. I guess round trip, three hours.

I can say in terms of like, like the pilgrims, they'd go more than a, an hour and a half to get to like a trading post.

They came across the very Atlantic sea itself.

So I guess we could do that. My one question is, uh, my mom told me if anyone ever picked me up that, uh, they would have to give the code word. So, um, do you have the code word and I'll know to trust you?

Plumeria.

Who are you?

I told you I'm Deb Barb's friend.

Plumeria is not the code word. Oh, um, the Plumeria is last week's code word. Oh, shoot.

I was supposed to pick you up last week. This week's code word. Yeah.

Let me call her out. You were supposed to pick me up last week.

I was supposed to pick you up last week.

I'm just trying to make good on a promise.

Wait. So you, so you're a week late.

I said, sorry. How old are those snacks? Oh, well, while chips haven't been out for, I'd say 10 years. So they're very old.

And a week older than that. Wait. So I remember about a week ago, my mom didn't pick me up after the show and I was wondering about that.

So I just took an Uber, but, uh, so that really hates me.

He drove, I drove. Yeah. We all just drove ourselves. I was dropped off by, uh, by a black car from the, uh, the teams. I mean, out here.

Oh, the publicity department of the actual team. They have a publicity department, because I haven't heard of you guys. The NBA does. Yeah. Oh, the, oh, I see.

Okay. Coach, I just want to ask you in those black cars, do they give you a bottled water? Uh, they, uh, offer aqua pods, smaller bottles of water. I knew it. Oh, do you have water in your, in your van? I got some water in van.

It's in the leader and it's got, um, oh, you know, that green food.

I'm trying something new. Yeah. Yeah. Green food is a powder. Oh, sorry. Sorry. Like, like, like the, with the health, like, like health, like, like a green. I really don't know.

Are you supposed to dump the water in it or what? What is this?

You put the green powder in the water, you shake it up and just all day, you feel like you're getting supported.

Could I ask you a question about the flavor of the green food powder? Oh, sure.

It's a bit like an algae mixed with a seaweed type flavor.

Is that your question or you had a different question? Not about the taste.

Well, my question was going to be, is it sour apple or lime?

But I guess it's a binary that she doesn't really accept.

Yeah. Okay. Well, um, I, uh, I mean, honestly I could go today, but a little busy today.

I mean, I would've gone to Sue plantation last week in a heartbeat.

Don't break my heart. Yeah. I wasn't going to be here last week, but I would've gone had I gotten like a phone call or something.

Why are you so late? What, how, how, what have you been doing all week?

Are you okay? Oh boy. First a huh.

Then a, ah, and then a, Oh boy.

I just didn't want to talk about my stomach problems.

I just wanted to go one day without talking about my stomach problems.

Pick up my three favorite guys, go to Sue plantation.

Maybe try out a couple of new lotions at the mall.

Well, now that you've opened the door, I feel like we should come crashing through. What are your stomach problems?

It hurts real bad.

Is that the, from something where that's the problem?

What do you mean the feeling of it or the, or the smell of it? What?

Oh, I guess both. Oh, well I was at the office.

I was feeling a little gurgling in the stomach. I went to the bathroom.

Nothing had a little bit more of that green powder.

Just had to call in sick and then come pick you guys off.

Dare I say, uh, I'm not like a doctor or even a sleuth or a detective.

So you're neither a doctor. I'm not a doctor, not sleuth, not detective.

Not a, what's the difference between sleuth and detective?

I think one's a pro amateur.

The sleuth is an amateur who doesn't get paid for it.

Exactly. Like you don't, like you don't have like a sleuth on the LAPD. Right, right.

You have detectives.

My wife is a sleuth. Your wife is, what's your wife's name?

Marjorie.

Marjorie. And uh, I think I know someone else whose wife's name is Marjorie.

Do you?

I think I do. And she was fine living out there in the middle of Lake Michigan.

No, we got married long after I moved away. It was my childhood home.

Oh, it was, oh, so your parents were okay with it.

Let me ask you this actually. On middle of Lake Michigan, would you consider yourself from Illinois or from Michigan?

Michigan.

Okay. Yeah. Sorry. That was all.

Okay. So there are no borders on this Lake. That's part of Michigan, Lake Michigan. That's in the name. Yeah. Yeah. Well, I gotta say, so your story though, you called in sick a week ago.

And then my mom said, Hey, my mom, Barbara said, Hey, uh, Deb, if, if you're sick, go pick up my son.

If you're sitting on the couch anyways, go get my boy. And I said, Barbie, for you anything. So I came out here in my Cutlass Supreme.

I got all my blankets from my bedroom in the car. If anyone wants to lay down, get cozy. Okay. And what took the week though, to get here?

My stomach hurt real bad, Scott. Oh, okay.

Well, I don't think you should get angry at him. Yeah. Uh, where, where are you getting this powder from? It's from China.

Just the place.

Does it just say made in China on it or something?

It says exactly that. Okay. Yeah. It's hard to get more specific than that.

They won't tell you. Yeah. I mean, I wouldn't know where to go. Yeah.

How long have you been taking this powder? About six weeks, six weeks.

And how long has your stomach been hurting? About six weeks.

Hmm. Okay.

I see what you're getting at. No, it's there. Dr. G Dr.

G or Jai. I'm not changing someone right now.

These microphones are, it's a podcast. You're not broadcasting to no, no.

Dr. G activate. Okay. Well, it's not working.

But you had a doctor that was, uh, prescribed this to you.

He's on the front of the packaging on the packaging.

He's got two thumbs up and he's wearing a jacket and he says, it's good.

Is that jacket? A lab coat by chance. Okay.

So who's got two thumbs is wearing a lab coat and says, it's good. This guy, right? Huh? Huh? Interesting. We have the clues.

Well, you're not a sleuth though. I know you're not a detective, so we can't do anything with these things. I'm so proud of you.

I am so proud of you. I, I used to talk to your mom all the time.

Oh yeah. How do you know Sam's mom? Oh gosh. I just, she worked at an office with me back in the eighties and she would talk about you about how her son was so curious and just to know that you have grown up in this sort of way. I just, that is what a coincidence to work with both my mom and your mom. Yeah, that's incredible. And we just met, we just met and just doing this podcast. And what did your mom used to do?

By the way, Joel, coach Joel or, uh, she worked in an office, uh, part time, part time.

And then how was the commute back to the middle of Lake Michigan? Uh, it was a lengthy, uh, office wasn't that far away from, uh, the land.

But of course she did have to swim out. She swam, really swim out to the land and then walk the rest of the way.

I understand how swimming works and then land transportation.

One can only swim while in water. I would imagine. Well, yeah, I don't believe I've ever seen someone on land swimming.

You can swim in a big pool full of soda or a money.

Wait is this as a band talking? Oh no, it's me, but he, he made me a empty out. Uh, we have a pool at my house and I emptied it out and I filled it with root beer and I took a swim in it. No. And then, uh, did he, did he make you put any ice cream, like vanilla ice cream in there and make a big root beer float?

That would have been fun. That would have been really fun.

I would have gone, I would ask a Deb over here to take us over there.

I mean in a heartbeat, stomach ache or not. Yeah, I would on my back.

My, my only thing I appreciated that he did it on an off day for us when we didn't have a game. You didn't have a game. So I see.

I wanted to relax and it wasn't unrelaxing to swim in a big pool.

I guess. But the, the actual draining the pool and the, the buying all of the root beer I would imagine is kind of costly and inconvenient. Yeah. Right. Did it ruin, ruin any of the pool at all?

Because it'd be good for like the plumbing of the parade.

Imagine, well, the filter concerned. Oh, wait, it's still in there.

I haven't mentioned this to my pool guy yet.

How often does your pool guy come? He comes up once a month.

You got to get them in there at least biweekly, at least weekly. If you can, if you can afford it, but I don't know. You're just the team mascot. So.

Well, you're looking at a new pool owner.

When I got named the coach of the dinner dogs, that's what you bought the pool.

Then. Oh no. How long, how many years is it going to take you to pay off this pool?

Uh, we have a 50 year lease on the pool itself.

You're leasing the pool. What happens if you don't pay?

Like come fill it up. Okay. Well look, Deb, I'm sorry. We need to take a break. Uh, we have one more segment to do.

I can't leave right. Just this yet.

Do you mind sticking around a bit before we make the decision whether we're going to leave and you said you had a van or a Cutlass Supreme?

I've got a Cutlass Supreme and, uh, my niece is in there and so it should be fine.

Okay. How old is the niece? I'm a little concerned.

She's 13 13 is she has sort of agency. She could leave a car.

She can leave a car and like she is taking, take up some space though in there. Yeah. Okay.

I feel like we can do one more segment and your niece is going to be okay.

Let's take a break when we come back. Sam, uh, do you have another Seinfeld question by the way?

Oh yeah. I'll come with them on spot. No, you're going to come in hot on one. Okay, great. All right, great. Well, we'll be right back with more comedy. Bang, bang after this comedy. Bang, bang. We are back here. Sam Richardson of champagne ill. Uh, and uh, we have a coach, Joel Ganvandi of the dinner dogs.

What, what's town is that again? North Dakota Bismarck.

What kind of animal would each of the, of the characters of Seinfeld be?

If they were animals like, like in a Bojack horseman kind of world, like a Noah's Ark. Do you mean like a Noah's Ark? Like, like a Noah's Ark where Seinfeld, the animals are signed.

Yeah, the animals are assigned.

Some of them are maybe like, you know, Boston common.

Exactly. Yeah. And summers, the friends. Yeah. Okay. So what, what, what animals would they be on Noah's Ark?

Jerry would be a golden retriever and George would be a turtle. And uh, did no, I have every type of dog or just one dog. Yeah.

What was that?

Was that before like the evolution of like a dog went into other kinds of dogs descended from wolves originally. So it was just a Wolf.

Yeah.

I would think he had two wolves and then those two wolves fucked and made a golden retriever.

Those two wolves had sexual intercourse and over years and years of these stuff. Lots of sexual intercourse.

Years and years of sexual intercourse. Yes. Yeah. Turned them into...

Generations of the offspring of these two wolves eventually gave us the golden retriever. The myriad of dogs that we see today.

And that's Jerry you say? That's Jerry. Okay. George is a turtle.

I would say Elaine is a goose. I was gonna say some sort of bird. Yeah.

She's seen it. Yeah. She seems kind of flight. I mean, you've worked with her. I've worked with her. She seems like a bird.

Like a bird. Like I'd say a majestic Eagle, but yeah. But that, I mean, this is your time. It's on you. It's not me. This is not Azaband, right?

This is no, you're talking to Joel right now.

As a trickster wouldn't he say it's not him? No, I think a trickster much like a cop has to say it's him if you ask. Yeah.

He usually lets out a little teehee.

He likes to be caught in the moment. Is that a tell for him saying teehee?

Teehee. Yes. Okay. And then, uh, I believe we haven't gotten to Kramer yet.

Oh yeah.

He was an original cast member of Fridays, which was a sketch comedy, comedy show. He's also in the movie, uh, uh, UHF, which, uh, also the movie problem child. Yeah. And also the movie, uh, trial and error.

They're doing it. We've run out of movies.

You were excited about it. I thought you were doing it.

So what kind of animal? Oh, what kind of animal? Oh yeah.

Did you just think we were asking you about Kramer? Yeah.

I forgot the original question. What kind of animal would he be?

If he was like, I would say it'd be an eel.

Did you know what I have to get all the sea animals? They're already there.

I would assume. No, cause the flood, they'd be like, we're fine.

Did he have an aquarium? Yeah. Or what? Well, how about like an ocean animal versus like a lake animal, like freshwater versus saltwater? That's a good point.

I guess he would have to get the freshwater people on the boat. Well, if he didn't, then I'd make him a giraffe. Okay. So an eel, if he didn't, if he did have to carry all the sea animals, otherwise, I hope I die and go to heaven so I can figure this out.

Ask first question I'm going to ask. Yeah. You might have Crohn's disease. Uh, cause I was feeling a similar sort of stomach pain and I assume, Oh, I thought you were talking to Sam.

That's the first question he was going to ask. I was like, what a weird, what a weird diagnosis. It's amazing. Like a house.

But you're saying to Deb over here, Deb, you might have Crohn's disease.

I believe some of what you were describing, I was experiencing. And I said, this is the work of Azaban. And then I went to a doctor and it turned out, no.

Well, I, I did go to the online Dr. G site, where he said it also could be anxiety.

Is that a Chinese web address?

That's linked with the powder. You get to have the online program.

You get the powders, you get the shaker.

Who's done. And how did you first hear about Dr. G?

Dr. G I saw him on a, um, well, not him, but I signed for his powder.

You what?

You signed for his powder?

I did a sign for his powder.

You did a sign?

At the office we made these big signs where we were putting them all over.

Oh, you were in a, you work in an advertisement agency?

We do a little bit of everything. Barbie does some work in the office.

I'm mostly clerical stuff, but it's just for, yeah. Anyways, um, yeah.

Met up with Dr. G. Oh, he's helping me out with my very swollen ankles. Coach, do you have that?

Uh, no, I have a regular ankles.

Do the NBA players get swollen ankles? I would imagine all that running.

And sometimes people kick them.

Yeah. Yeah. You do see that with the guys. Yeah. Just big old ankles. Big, uh, yeah. Big ankles.

Baseball sized. You're like, Hey, this is basketball, not baseball. Oh no, that's your ankle. That type of thing. Don't want a lot. Yup.

Teehee, teehee.

I don't want them to get bigger as the size of a basketball.

It's not what I want. Sure.

Anyone ever stuff one of those basketballs down their shorts and like pretend they have elephantitis and then they, then people are like, Oh, I don't know where the ball is.

And then they run down the court and just do a slam dunk.

And your question is, did anyone ever do that?

I was going to ask the same question, so please answer it.

And I'm talking about on Seinfeld.

I, I, you know, I can't, again, I'm not a fanatic, but I don't remember that happening. Okay. Seems like a funny pitch.

I don't know if it were still on the air. I think, I think it would at least happen in the show that Jerry and, uh, George pitched. Yeah. Yeah, definitely. At least. So, um, I still don't know exactly Deb, where you've been for seven days.

I know your stomach has hurt and that's all you'll say.

Were you staying at a motel along the way? You're right now.

You're staying in your car. Yeah.

I had a bad boyfriend and it's really tough to quit him though.

And I've been just kind of staying outside of his place in my car.

Outside of his place? I've been staying outside of his place. Oh, okay.

It's not great. I know that it's not great. It doesn't sound great.

Well, I've just been defrosted in a couple of lean cuisines in my car and how are they staying frozen? Oh, they're not. And how are they getting unfrozen?

My niece is sitting on them. Oh, she just, what's your name by the way?

Amber. Amber. And she's still down in the car. Yeah.

And is there some sort of alert named after her for, she's been missing for seven days now, I would imagine. Oh, we're all praying.

We're all praying. You know where she is. She's down in the car. Right.

But just, you know, no, I don't know. She's been, you know how it goes, Scott. You're doing our dang best. So you, you were supposed to pick me up a week ago. Yeah. Uh, my mother, Barbara asked you to do that. And instead you've just, your stomach sort of hurts.

So you've been sitting outside of your ex-boyfriend's house with your niece, Amber. I didn't, I didn't make her.

It's not your daughter. No, no, no, no. Did you ask her to do it or did, did you was, did you say, Hey, I'm here to pick you up? The same thing.

You almost tricked us into getting into the car. Not a trick.

It's a treat. I mean, you're not a trickster. Are you? I mean, like, like, Oh, wait a minute, man. Wait a minute.

Azaban. Is this you? Oh man.

I am simply a woman who loves these young guys and also a poopa queen.

Wait a minute. Wait a minute. Wait a minute.

I can't tell if Azaban has taken over Deb here or whether this is Azaban, but I didn't see a puff of smoke. Right.

Not currently in the form of a coyote. Yeah. Yeah. Although I will say, her mouth is not just moving up and down, but it seemed, it seems to be coming out of her mouth. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.

The Chris Tucker special. So I, I can't tell Deb, are you in there? Can you hear us? Oh gosh.

I'm back.

Deb. Hi. I feel like I just went somewhere. Hi. Do you know, I mean, you, you were probably conscious during this, but, uh, unless Azaban has several methods. Yeah. Right.

Different ways to skin a cat, if you will. Deb, do you know what just happened?

Do you know us?

I'm sorry. I feel like I just took one of my niece's narcolepsy naps.

Do you know who we are? Deb? Hello. Hi, I'm Scott.

Ockerman of comedy bang bang. Sure. Sure. Champagne Hill.

Sure.

Coach Joel Ganfandi of Bismarck dinner dogs. Oh God.

Don't know him probably. Oh, I only know him through his mom where I used to work in the office with her. Oh, she is a dream. So you do know nicely. My mom is Barbara Ockerman.

Do you work? Have you ever worked with her? Yes.

My mom's Lydia Richardson. You need paperwork with her.

So you do know all of us.

I don't know you guys today is the first day, but I've seen pictures of you.

Yeah. It's January. Did you, it's 2019 already. Do you, did you know that? I mean, you, from what I understand you and your niece had been missing for a week.

I know who you are just through pictures. I just what pictures, the ones that are sitting on your mom's desk. Sorry. Sorry.

Of course I know you all. I'm so proud of y'all.

That's not really the question that I asked. I said, do you realize you've been missing for a week? What?

Deb you've been missing for a week. What's the, I think we got to say this some different way.

Cause you both said the exact same thing.

Deb you your location has not been ascertained by another human being for seven days. Oh my gosh. Well, we should let someone know.

Who do you want to call the police?

We got to call the police. You want us to call the police on you?

Yeah.

Please don't call the police on me. Okay. Well, please don't call the police on me.

All I wanted to do is take you guys out to one of my favorite restaurants.

Okay. So, so you, if you're not into pizza, if you're not into garlic bread, if you're not into white bean chilies, then forget about it.

Okay guys.

I think Azaband didn't take her over.

I think she's just kind of sane person or something.

Although she, she knows all of our moms specifically. Yeah, that's her.

Uh, and I'm pretty hungry at this point now. Yeah, you are.

Yeah.

We lose sound of that white bean chili sounds pretty good.

It does sound pretty, I mean, what about, it sounds good to you.

Just the words white bean and chili next to each other or just.

I like a savory foods. I like them hot.

I like there to be chewing involved.

There's not a lot of chewing and chili.

In a white bean chili beans. Chew them beans.

I guess. Yeah, I guess I'm not swallowing them.

So don't just pour them down your gullet when you're having a white bean chili when a chew, chew up.

Okay. I apologize. It's okay. So you like, you like savory foods. You like them hot.

You like chewing.

This sounds like white bean chili checks.

All those things like human beings like all of these things.

Sure. All right. Well, I, I don't know.

I think that we should get out of here then and go, go with Deb over here.

I mean, uh, it's just an hour and a half. It's just an hour and a half.

I'll I'll which direction, which direction.

Okay.

Northeast to here. Northeast Northeast.

As the Eagle flies.

As Julia, we drive.

Flies drives.

If she can't, I will pick her up.

How would she get there if she had a ways account?

Oh, you just want to, you just want to follow.

This is no, I'm sorry. This is a question for coach Ganvandi.

This is a Seinfeld based question.

How would Julia Louis Dreyfus get to the Sioux plantation if she were using ways?

Well, uh, she'd have to open the app initially.

Great. Good first step. You have to type in the, uh, number of the, of the address.

Sure. Yeah. And then the street name. Uh, you know what?

She could also, I guess I don't mean how soup plantation go on.

I guess I don't mean how does one use ways? How would you go about using ways?

What, what the directions are would be to get to the place.

So for her, she's not using the app.

She's using the app. She's getting there. She's using the app.

And I'm wondering what the steps are leaving from here.

Leaving from here. Yes.

Going Northeast an hour and a half to the soup plantation.

All right.

Well, you're going to get on the one Oh one. Sure. Okay.

And then you're going to take it North North.

Take that until it turns into the 70. Okay. Well, look at what he's doing on the page.

She's just circling the words, Jerry and George and underlining them furious.

Got to be a clue.

That's worthless to us. Oh, well look guys, we're running out of time.

We just have one final feature on the show and that is a little something called plugs.

I got a plug prediction that the kinkiest people on the show will plug on someone else's behalf.

So let's open up the plug bag.

Nice and short. I love it. That was Plug Prediction by Phreg the Egg.

Thank you, Phreg the Egg. If you have a plug theme, send it on over to earwolf.com and put it in the appropriate thread and the engineers will pick it and we'll hear it and you'll become famous. All right. What do we plug in here? Sam? I know you're, you're plugging champagne ill. Anything else you want to tell us about?

We've covered the karate kick episode nine. Karate kick episode nine.

I've got blonde hair through half of it. So I'm plugging that. Yeah.

This is my general Instagram. Get on there. Yeah. Get on it.

Get on it. What kind of, what kind of things you, uh, you posting pictures of this karate kick or posting pictures of multiple karate kicks actually. So not just on TV show, uh, kicks from the past kicks I'm going to do in the future.

You're posting pics of those.

Picks of kicks. That's kind of like the whole thing.

I think by the time you're on this thing, I will have changed my profile to say picks of kicks.

Picks of kicks. Great. Yeah. I'm going to hold you to that.

Yeah. Uh, champagne ill, last season of Veep, we'll probably be out in the spring time.

Oh, that's fun. So when the, uh, the leaves start to kind of changing colors.

That's when Veep comes around.

So when, when, when you're outside and you're seeing just the colors of spring and the flowers blooming, you can think to yourself, Oh, Veep's almost here.

It's almost here. Better get inside and never leave and never leave. Okay, great. Um, and, uh, coach Ganvandi, uh, what are you plugging exactly?

I can't quite get a bead on what you would want to promote.

Uh, I guess I'm plugging, uh, all the rest of our games for this season. Yeah.

I would imagine the playoffs start in April or May or when did playoffs start?

They started in April. They do. And, uh, and you'll be at least in those at least. So I would, I would get your seats now. Season tickets. I would get season tickets.

Do the glasses come mail to you and you have to bring them or are they passed out like at the 3d movies or do people have to hold up their, their tickets and wave them in the air all the time.

Otherwise people take the glasses away.

If you're a season ticket holder for the Bismarck dinner dogs, you do get a locker and you are assigned one pair of glasses.

You share a locker with everyone else or need a replacement note.

Each season ticket holder gets one locker. Okay. Lose your ticket.

If you lose your glasses, it is $250 to replace. Okay.

But so the season ticket holders get a locker for the glasses.

What about people who are just coming into the game? No locker, no locker, and they have to give the glasses back after they, when they leave the facility. That's right.

Then are those glasses $250?

If you lose one mid game and you would like to get some more to watch the rest of the game, it is $250. How much are the tickets to watch the game? I mean, it's on a range of what the cheapest tickets right now I think are $35. Okay. And what are the, the, what the high ticket?

Our most expensive ticket is a $9,000 ticket. Okay. Wow.

And what percentage of the arena is this $9,000 ticket?

$9,000 is just one seat. Just one. Yeah.

And who is, does anyone? It's right on the bench and it's right next to me.

Does anyone ever buy that seat? Is it, is it ever occupied?

No.

Just an empty seat next to you. Yeah. Makes me feel a little lonely, but I understand that, uh, it takes time to build a fan base and we're a new team.

Sure. And also it's very, very expensive. I think the owner is doing you a disservice here.

$9,000. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, I, as far as I'm concerned, NBA teams play 82 games a year or something. I mean, that is, uh, that's almost a million dollars.

To me for the whole season. It's going to cost you. Okay.

All right.

So you're plugging that. I'm plugging that. Uh, and I'm also plugging a show that I like to watch on ABC at nine 30 every night, every night, starting, uh, January, every Wednesday.

Oh, thank God. Uh, and it's called single parents and it's a funny show and, uh, helps me unwind after coaching a basketball game.

And also wound up a lot. Oh, well, you got to imagine I never know exactly what's going to happen. Right. Right.

And, but what I do know is that even if this trickster demon has made my life a living hell, I can count on some solid laughs from the show single parents for 22 minutes. And this is you saying it, this is not as a band saying this.

This is me. I have not heard. I've heard an area T he. Nope.

All right.

I think we can take him out as a trust it. So yeah.

So you are a fan of single parents. I am. You seem like this is dubious.

Yeah. I'm just waiting for a tee. He I'm just, if I hear a tee, he, I'm going to, I'm going to turn over to Deb over here.

It's a bad show and you should knock your TV off its stand and drop a big heavy rock on it. Tee hee.

There he is. All right. I don't want you to do that. I know.

Deb, what are you, uh, what do you plug in here? Anything, uh, to plug? I mean, obviously the office you work in.

Oh God, give it up. Would you guys give it up?

Applaud. Oh sure. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, thanks so much.

I can't wait to tell the gals at the office. They're going to love this.

Oh, that would give them a thrill. They're going to love this. Um, you know, I'll tell you what, be careful with big rocks though. I know you were just tee hee.

But he was forced to say that by a trickster demon.

I get that, but words have meanings and yeah, be careful.

So we don't want any small children to be listening to this program and think, Oh, it's cool. They were talking about big rocks. That gives me a good idea. Um, I'm going to drop one onto my television set.

That would be irresponsible of us.

I guess television sets are on the wall usually now.

So it'd be more like hurling one.

A rock that you could like push it off the shelf.

Although it's huge to the wall.

You mean like a shell facing the television that you would go behind and push like a ledge or something like maybe like a above the TV or are you talking facing the TV? Because I think even if it were above the TV, TVs are so flat now you would push it off and it would just fall.

Yeah. It would clear it. Yeah. It would clear. I would say put the, put an opposing shelf directly opposite the TV, put a hole in the back of the shelf and then force your hand through it, pushing the rock out and through. Yeah. Now, but it would have to be relatively high because it's not going to travel, right.

Cause uh, you know, an incredible distance before falling right to the ground.

Yeah. And like, and probably like close walls as well. Yeah.

Yeah. Yeah.

So we don't want kids doing this. Yeah. So don't kids, if you're hearing this and you're getting the idea to want to do that, don't do this. Don't don't. If you're a trickster demon, don't do it either.

Anything else? Dad? Oh, um, office gals. Oh, um, I, my niece's friend, um, check out her Instagram at Marrowed Swan.

Your niece's friends with this woman.

It's just an Instagram I like to troll on.

Do you troll? So what you're like, like shit posting on this one?

Would I imagine my shit, shit, shit, shit posting, shit posting slams.

Oh my God. I get them good. So check that one out. And um, a show that I've been getting down with is, this isn't on a Wednesday's at nine 30. Is it a single parent?

My second favorite show. Oh, it's not opposite single parents. Cause I, we can't have competing plugs. No, no way. Okay. When is this show on? Um, not sure yet, but a AP bio is a show that I really like.

Okay. And when will that be on?

Will the leaves have turned into bright colors yet that will the flowers be in bloom? Will, will little bees be buzzing around and will we hear the chirping of birds?

Baby birds and just small buds on a tree.

Small buds on a tree. So we're talking the February, the, still in the cold harshness of winter.

There is a chance you could slip. Okay. Okay. Okay. So slipping weather, slipping weather. Okay. Got it.

So if you're slipping and sliding out there, let that let get inside.

Don't leave, turn on your TV to NBC, whatever that is for you.

But you know, in the Seinfeld era for me, it was, you know, channel four. Channel four. Yeah. So, uh, turn it on and then just check out AP bio at some point someday.

Turn it on. Turn it on. Um, I just want to plug Seinfeld reruns out there. Uh, I believe they're on KCOP out here and uh, you know, just check your local listings. All right. Let's close up the old plug bag.

Close your eyes and open up that bag.

Open up that bag. You gotta get those eyes closed. Yeah.

Get em get em get em get em get em get em get em. Don't be closing, don't be closing. Open em up and let's get loaded.

Let's get loaded open up the bag. Open up the bag. Open up the bag.

Open up the bag.

Oh, just 12 more months of that.

All right guys, I want to thank you all. Uh, Sam, so great to meet you.

I had a lot of fun on this and uh, please come back anytime.

Yes, please.

It was so much fun. Thanks for having me. Uh, and uh, uh, Deb, uh, we gotta get in this car here in a second. I hope your niece is okay.

And that, uh, her friend, Marold Swan is not concerned about her. No, she's got her iPad. Okay. And coach, uh, Joel Ganvandi I, uh, I don't know what to say. I, I see you in the playoffs.

We will see you in the playoffs.

I hope you still are a member of the team at that point.

I hope they don't step in and make any coaching changes. Uh, seems to me like you have your, your position is sort of extraneous at this point. Uh, if not, I mean, you're sort of an assistant coach. Yeah. I would suggest that you try and like, position yourself as coach coach to the coach coach to the, yes.

You could be the coach, uh, you know, sort of coaches, whispering in Azaband's ear. Yeah, he has a, he does, you know, he's new to this. So, right.

He seems very successful and uninterrupted streak of winning at this point.

Well, he is all powerful. So is he really, or is he magical?

We never really supernaturally, he is supernaturally powerful.

He's putting in the work in terms of the coaching.

You've mentioned a puff of smoke.

Is that because he's appearing in this or does he smoke cigars or something?

We've never talked about what he looks like. What is, what is, what is his appearance? He's still, he's still in the form of a coyote.

He has implied that he, that is not his true form, but he only appears to me. He's appearing to you and the team as a coyote?

I am the only one who can see him, which is adding to some of my troubles.

I see. Are you interpreting his commands to the team?

Yes, I am. Okay. So you still seem like the head coach then.

It seems like I'm doing a great job. Okay. Well, congratulations.

See you in the playoffs. And before we go one last Seinfeld question, here we go, Sam. Yeah. Uh, putty, do you think that in today's era, he would be like considered a smart man? Uh, yeah, I do.

Okay. We'll see you next time. All right. Thanks. Bye.

Bye.

See you.

Bye.
