---
layout: page
title: 583. Chelsea Peretti, Drew Tarver, John Gemberling [https：⧸⧸cloudfront.wolfpub.io⧸CBB-583-20190114-Perreti-JDv01-PW.mp3].mp3.wav
category: cbb 
---

♪ Comedy Bang Bang ♪ You miss 100% of the shots you don't make.

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

Thanks to Sir Dance-a-Lot.

Oh, that's fun.

Sir Dance-a-Lot.

That's kind of what we were doing during the theme song.

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

For another week, and what a week it is, coming up a little later on the show, we have an alien.

Ooh, wow, we have an alien.

And also a musical guest coming up.

And that's very exciting.

I love hearing the music.

A lot of times we'll have music on the show and people will play acoustic versions of their songs that are out now.

That's very exciting.

I'm not sure if that'll be happening a little later.

But musical guest coming up.

My name is Scott Aukerman.

Welcome to the show.

And it's always a treat when we have our first guest back on the show.

I'm stuttering because I'm so overcome with emotion.

She is currently writing upon the table.

I hope it's her name and not some sort of curse word.

But she's a mother now, and she doesn't do that anymore, from what I understand.

She's on the straight and narrow, keeping it clean, keeping it high, keeping it tight.

She's one of our favorite guests since back in the early days.

And it's always a pleasure to have her on.

You know her from such movies as Game Night and such television shows as Brooklyn Nine-Nine, which is jumped over to NBC.

She's part of the Peacock family.

Please welcome Chelsea Peretti.

Chelsea, welcome back.

Thank you so fucking much.

Well, you're cursing already?

I'm saying I'm not just a mom.

I fucking curse.

I'll do fucking stand up about how my kids are assholes.

Wait a minute.

I just want to see what it's like.

This seems really familiar to me.

I'm unhinged.

Wasn't there a comedian who did stand up about?

Yeah, and it worked out great.

I think you may not have stayed until the end of that story.

Welcome, Chelsea Chaz Pomontari Peretti.

How are you? Yes, I'm thriving.

Oh, the too true, too true, mon frere.

Too true, mon frere.

Exactly.

If anyone hasn't been listening to this show for six years, they have no idea what we're talking about.

Even if they have.

Welcome to the show.

You play Donna on what is your character's name?

Donna on Parks.

Who is it? What is she named again?

She's she sits in the corner.

She and that's me in the car.

Oh, I got to get you on my R.E.M. show because that was beautiful.

Thank you. Me and Adam.

Let me live by my losing my religion.

I love this.

Has anyone told you you have a wonderful voice?

My mom. Your mom has.

She's like, you can really belt them out.

And like she also told me I had the hands of a pianist.

And so she completely.

What were you doing with your hands while she told you this?

Touching a piano.

You're just fondling a piano.

Touching it over and over.

Welcome back to the show.

Now, I say you're you're part of and you're one of our favorites.

You know that.

And how long did you want to talk about the rain?

You had mentioned you wanted to bring it up.

Right. And I'll tell you something.

I can stand the rain.

Oh, you really can belt them out.

I love it. Wow.

And I'll tell you what, I hope it rains all week.

And guess what? It's supposed to.

I tell you what, whether the Southland needs it, we need it.

I'll take it.

If you look over here, there's a huge patch of rain coming in.

That should last through Thursday.

We're looking forward to 12 inches. Oh, what? What if you were a weather person and you just said, oh, maybe I need at least five.

At least 12, 12.

Mama Mia. Oh, oh, oh, that's good.

And that's all you did.

You barely got the information out about the weather.

You just did that.

Essentially what happens with them now.

I mentioned that you are part of the peacock family.

Bong, bong, bong.

Does that send just a wonderful sense of warmth all over your body?

Knowing you're part of the peacocks.

Oh, it makes me feel so good, doesn't it?

You know, Howard Stern's always complaining about people who have a lot of vocal fry and like I do.

So now I'm trying to make my voice melodic.

And then you sound like Robin.

Hi, I'm Chelsea Peretti.

Robin of Batman and Robin.

Come on, Scott.

Who are you talking about? Robin.

Robin on the stern.

Oh, oh, his sidekick person.

Yeah, right.

Anyway, the point being, I don't think I can make my voice melodic.

What if Robin of Batman and Robin talk like that, though?

I'm not familiar with the movie.

Fucking shit.

I don't even know what to say.

I don't like you have no you don't like any kind of superhero movies.

I'd be in one if you're casting.

You're like Natasha Leggero.

I remember she she was looking at a magazine or something, and she said to me once, Who is this Batman?

I don't like the idea of like good and evil.

I think it's that's what you don't like.

You're fine with the people dressing up in costumes.

Yeah, it's just the the I mean, I tell you that Joker in that Dark Knight movie.

He's a scary guy.

Wait, is that Heath Ledger?

Yeah, he's a scary guy.

Terrible. I mean, he finds crime funny.

I was I notoriously didn't like that performance.

You didn't like that performance.

You thought, whoa, was he going for it too much?

I thought it was just not good.

He was was he belting them out too much?

What was it singing?

I don't too much, too little. What are we talking about?

It was just like, well, I don't like the lip smacking.

Like I just kind of felt like, give us your best Joker impression.

OK, you've seen them all from Cesar Romero through the most recent, I guess, would be Gerard Lido.

I can talk Cesar Millan.

Oh, let's talk about him.

We're talking about the dog whisperer.

What if Batman fought the dog whisperer?

I mean, that sounds like a Batman villain.

This is like a nightmare.

I don't know about Batman.

Let's stick to Batman, Chelsea.

I don't know what to say.

What if OK, and this is a real question.

Like what you're on Brooklyn, like you're on Brooklyn Nine-Nine, right?

And what if Batman were to help out Brooklyn Nine-Nine this season?

And he were just you were to like, you know, catch a few criminals and you'd see him every once in a while.

This is what being a woman is like.

It is. It's like people just, hey, hey, let's talk.

Meet me on my terms at all times.

OK, what do you want to talk about? Pussies.

No, really, I'll talk about any I'm well versed in a variety of subjects.

I will talk about anything that you want to talk about.

OK, but you bring it to the table.

What are your favorite snacks?

Snacks, you know, I like those Hava corn chips.

Oh, those are good.

Yeah, because they put a little soy in them.

Now you see, this is rocking and rolling.

I'm all about what dynamic convo.

What about your favorite snacks?

I would love to hear what you put down your gullet.

I'm having trouble right now figuring one a good one out.

So you've moved on from ones that you previously have enjoyed.

Yeah. And you you burnt out on them. Yeah, I do.

I'm kind of into avocados with that Trader Joe's chili lime salt on them.

OK, but but I'm in the market for just a new knockout.

Yeah, well, it's a rainy the rainy season now.

Maybe you need something a little more piping hot.

And it is. And that's the thing.

When it's raining, your palate, did you know scientifically when it rains, your palate actually adjusts?

That's right. Your your taste buds expand.

Yeah. You start wanting a cinnamon, a cider and a peppermint bark.

A peppermint bark.

Your body actually changes and expands through osmosis of the palate.

That's right.

So I think that avocados, they seem more like a summer snack.

That's right. So maybe you're looking good winter snack.

You know what is good?

An English muffin with sharp cheddar on it.

If you want to go crazy, put a little more might under there.

You fucking pig. That sounds good.

I remember when I was doing the Thomas's English muffin commercials.

Oh, man. Yeah.

They show on this show and they made me want to eat them.

They're good. They're good.

Hey, Thomas is come on back.

We're talking about you.

Miss you. We miss you.

So you put a little Marmite, you say?

You ever had it from the land down under? Mm hmm.

I don't believe I've ever had the pleasure.

No, I've never had veggie might, but I want to try it.

Yeah. How bad?

Maybe this could be your winter snack.

Yeah, because over there it's summer.

I guess I could do like also butternut squash.

And and this is good conversation.

No, I didn't listen. You put me on the spot.

I thought actually we were in good conversation.

Then you're like Batman, Batman, Batman.

That to me is a good conversation.

Well, what about Beetlejuice? You want to talk about him?

He's funny. The old movie.

The character in the old movie.

He's funny. Mm hmm. Who is funny?

I just Beetlejuice is funny fool.

What about let's talk about, I guess, planes, trains and automobiles.

What do you got on that?

When I was younger, I think it flew over my head in some way.

And I like the planes, the titular planes.

It flew past like a train.

Now I rewatched it.

What part of it did you not comprehend?

I just remember that I didn't like it and I don't remember why.

I just was like, you know, John Hughes. So good.

Nineteen eighty seven or so.

I don't. Yeah, Thanksgiving 1987.

But it's really fun.

So you so you like it now?

So previously did not like it.

Currently do like it. Yes, that's good.

Now I tried that with Raising the Arizona.

Mm hmm. That's still, you know, still don't like it.

Yeah, I enjoyed it, but it's just not it's never going to be one for me that I'm like, oh, I'm in.

This gets me right where it needs to.

Like some people love. Yeah, some people don't get it.

Does you love it? Do you love it?

No, I think that's one of the worst things anyone can say when someone is saying they don't like something is someone goes, oh, yeah, some people don't get it.

No, they're implying that you don't you don't like it because you don't understand it.

Right. Any time anyone says that to me, I go, I fucking get it.

I just don't like it. I'm not buying it. Yeah.

So so nowadays you like planes trains.

What is appealing about it to you? Is it John Candy's performance?

Yes. Is it the themes of wanting to be home? Yeah.

I also is that what you're thinking right now?

You would rather be home? No, I love being here.

In all honesty. Yeah.

But I loved how simple the story is.

And my thing is that movies now everyone's like it needs a set piece.

Like something huge.

They need the stakes need to be like as big as the world.

The world is going to explode. No, let's dumb it down.

Let's go back to man wants drive. Man can't drive.

No, that's dumber than it is.

It's just he wants to go home for Thanksgiving.

Man loves plane. Man breathes air.

But basically, it's just so simple.

And I feel like nowadays it's like, yeah, the stakes have to be through the roof.

There has to be crazy twists. There has to be huge set pieces.

If it were happening now, it would be like Steve Martin needs to go back home because he needs to deliver his wife's baby.

Yeah. Or he needs to deliver the the the the cure to cancer that needs to get to all the people in the hospital in time.

Yeah. You know, or the whole hospital dies.

Or yeah, there's some sort of like virus the entire world is suffering from.

And if he doesn't get back, no, the guy wants to get back because he loves his wife.

He loves his wife. And he loves her.

He loved the relationship between Steve Martin and his wife in that movie.

And who played his wife? Do we even know? No idea.

I think you see her, don't you? Some broad. You know what I mean?

Is that the kind of movie you'd like to make to be in the wife?

Yeah, not the wife.

Almost never. That's actually a good game is if there's any wife role in any movie that's ever been made, that's ever been good.

Yeah, I don't know.

What's that one with Kate Winslet Revolutionary Road?

The one with Leo DiCaprio where they argue about.

I all I remember they they were arguing a lot about some sort of baby related issue.

Yeah. Spoilers, full on spoilers.

She was like wanting to do something.

What was she wanted to do?

So what did you want to do? What was her career?

I remember so little.

Did she want to be a professional Avon lady?

Scott. Scott.

That's a nice little career for a woman.

Careful now, Scott.

It's all fun and games till you're trending.

Is there is there a film where you would like to do a a female reboot where where the the male role was really good, but they, you know, you'd like to I guess flip. They call it a flip.

The flip every movie.

Every movie, I would love to do a male reboot of that last Ghostbusters.

Oh, my God, Scott.

You're talking like the common man, the forgotten man.

No, but what is your favorite movie of all time?

See, I'm coming down to your level.

Well, are we talking? I don't know.

Well, I've never had like one favorite movie deal.

OK, no, I have I have maybe one.

I remember I when I was 19, I went on a first date.

Yeah, I look I looked that good.

Yeah, yeah. Whistle.

It's like all my dad used to make fun of my whistle, too.

It's like and your daddy would make fun of you.

Oh, there it goes.

When I was 19, I went on a first date with a yes, with a girl.

Give her one, too. Good.

And her mother came out. Give her one.

She came out.

And she was was grilling me, but she wanted to grill me about like what movies I liked and stuff like that.

Yeah, that's that was a bad one.

And I said, she said, what's your favorite movie?

And I said, probably Back to the Future.

And she gave me this look of disdain and scorn.

And she said, no, but what's your favorite serious film?

And I thinking fast, I said The Godfather.

And then she gave me a nice nod and said, ah, there you go.

But trash. But, you know, it is it's it's better than The Godfather in a lot of ways, don't you think?

Well, comedies never get their due. Exactly.

I mean, when will we see a teary speech at the Oscars from a fucking comedy genius?

That's what I want. Exactly.

Oscars, I want. That's right.

Like like who is who do you think working in film is one of our great comedians right now? Well.

Melissa McCarthy, Melissa McCarthy, she should give a teary.

She's doing all these dramas.

Can you ever forgive me for leaving comedy? No, I can't.

Did you see I haven't seen that yet. I have seen it. How was it?

It's it's about seven reels. It's wonderful.

Did you cry? I don't think it's really a crying film.

It's more of a oh, gosh. Hmm.

Remember when Jennifer Aniston did that sad movie and everyone was like, she did it.

Jennifer Aniston, sad movie, I guess I'm not placing it.

Which one are we talking about?

I don't know. It's like, oh, where she didn't look good, right?

That's the thing.

That's what everyone's like. I'm not doing makeup this time.

That's the one trick they have, because like, when does someone get to?

Guess what? I look like shit and everything I do.

Where's my award, you fucking Hollywood phonies?

But also, women don't get to gain weight for roles like Robert Zero.

Robert De Niro and Kristen Bale. Oh, wow.

He put on 40 pounds.

Well, if a woman were to do that, people go, we're not casting.

She'd be laughed out of town. Exactly.

That's just how it is here. It's not fair. It's not.

I'm on your side.

You know, with all seriousness, if you're thinking about gaining weight for a role and you're listening right now, you can get gout.

Yeah, you can. So be careful.

I'm I'm like, I have gained about 10 pounds and I feel like I need to start like going out there and saying, are there any roles that I can gain 30 more for so I can like justify it?

And the answer is right.

That movie about a guy who gains 30 pounds during the courts of shooting.

That's your pitch. OK, this is good.

That's the start of your pitch. This is good.

Chelsea, we got to talk about it.

Brooklyn nine nine.

You're part of the Peacock family, but you you are soon to no longer be part of the Peacock family.

You're being excommunicated from the family.

The Peacocks are turning their backs upon you as you.

Sprained me with peacock shit.

You have come to Daddy Peacock and you have said, Daddy Peacock, I no longer wish to be part of the family.

And they sprayed their shit upon you.

Tell us about this situation.

You know, so many times in life, as we hit different kinds of crossroads, shrouded in mystery and intrigue, you operate primarily in the shadows.

That's right. Yes.

And so I tend to sort of spin this way, spin that way, and then boom, I'm on a horse riding off into the sunset.

I said, hey, who put me on this horse?

You're like a cornerback who's escaping, you know, being tackled, who then turns into a cowboy and jumps on a horse.

I love football. Yes.

Football and football and Batman.

My two interests if football and Batman.

If Batman, if Batman were to play football against the Joker, who would win the football?

Am I right? So America, America.

Exactly. It'd be amazing.

So you're but you're leaving Brooklyn nine nine.

Yeah, you've already in fact, you know, there's only been a couple episodes on when this comes out.

But you've already left.

You're right. You've already taped your goodbye scene.

Such a delay. You know, you've already let that door hit you in your ass as you left. Yeah. Mm hmm.

It went through a lot, but I left my heart on the floor.

I'll tell you that.

You leave it all there out there during the scene. Yeah.

Yeah.

You projectile cry during the scene.

Mm hmm. I shared a lot of intensity with Andy Samberg. Yeah.

Here's here's what I want to know.

And I know that your goodbye scene is what?

What episode are we talking in the season?

Is it around 16 or 15 or so?

You don't even know.

But here's why you say that you cry.

You have an intense scene with Andy Samberg.

I've always wondered this about shows like comedy shows.

Like, what excuse are you giving for leaving that that you're crying?

It's like you just quit a job.

People quit jobs all the time.

You go, hey, I'll see you later.

You're OK. I don't know if you quit a job.

Maybe you're maybe you die, you're dying as it happens or something.

But dying in real life, maybe you're dying in real life.

I would love to know that if you are.

Can you tell me right now? Text me later.

Yeah. Don't even text me.

Just like do a Twitter DM.

But you know what I mean?

Like people quit jobs and they go, all right, hey, it's your last day.

And then basically they just bring out a little shitty cake and people go, OK, I'll keep in touch. They don't keep in touch.

Like, isn't that the realism?

No, because that's not exactly the situation. OK.

And I personally there's no benefit to me going into the situation fully.

Probably not. It's still weeks and weeks, if not months away.

Let's talk Batman.

Let's oh, you'd rather talk about what would you rather talk about?

Why you left Brooklyn nine nine or Batman Batman.

OK, you're forced to talk about Batman.

All right. Yeah.

OK, so what what Batman movies have you seen?

None. I've seen you know, it's snippets of heat.

You didn't see the 1989 Michael Keaton Jack Nicholson Batman.

Listen, as much as I am a total Keaton head, I fucking dropped the ball on that shit.

How old were you in 1989?

Forty eight. OK, a little old for it.

I aged out, but that's never stopped me before.

So you didn't see Batman. You didn't see Batman Returns.

But then I saw the Batman after that.

You saw Batman Forever with Jim Carrey Batman after that.

Did you see the one with Jim Carrey?

You had to have been the right play Batman.

He played the Riddler.

My dear, I love Jim Carrey.

I genuinely do. So, you know, yes.

I mean, I met him at a party on like the little cookie now, but EMT, DMT.

His videos like he's on DMT, how great it is and stuff.

I don't know what that is.

It gets a little kooky if you go into the dark corners.

Painting a lot. He's very obsessed with politics.

Yeah, I like his art. I like his art.

Yeah, I like his message.

I think that I loved comedies in my youth, which was but that's that's the thing.

He came out with Ace Ventura.

Someone's yawning right into the mic. So bullshit.

Just wait till this motherfucker gets his turn.

I'm about to be fucking banging my mic on the table.

Oh, sorry. My head fell on my mic on top of the table.

So he comes out with Ace Ventura, The Mask and Dumb and Dumber in one year.

In 1993, that was one year he came out with Ace Ventura in January.

The Mask in the Summer, Dumb and Dumber in November.

Two masterpieces.

Yes, I don't like the mask.

But but so he comes out with those three in that year and then he's in Batman in 95, I believe.

So you're prime like you love Jim Carrey.

Why didn't you go see Batman forever?

Nothing. Nothing I love enough to go see a Batman movie.

Really? So even at that age, I couldn't even presume to know what age is.

It's not even that I don't like good versus evil.

I don't like evil characters.

Like, I don't like watching someone evil attack people that are weak.

Although I will say I liked Jessica, whatever.

What was that show on Netflix where just like Jessica Jones or Jessica Jones?

It's that's a comic book like that.

So you you what about Disney films like with Ursula and the Little Mermaid?

You don't like evil?

No, I didn't grow up watching Disney, so I'm not that familiar with them.

What'd you grow up watching?

I was allowed or some shit. What do you I mean?

First of all, watch your tone.

Second of all, I grew up watching one half hour of TV a week.

Oh, what a week. And how would you pick?

Would you watch snippets of just of 30 things?

That's so like the Internet era, like how you would handle it?

No, I watched like Cosby show.

Rest in peace for a while.

And I watched the show or him, him in living color.

Wonder Years was a huge one. OK, so you would you would cycle in whatever show would you with children?

I think would they be taped or would you watch?

Would you pick the one you were going to watch live live?

So you would that so at the Sunday of every week, you would say, Mom, mother, I have picked my show.

And you would say Tuesday, I shall watch Growing Page.

And she would say, Cheerio, good sir.

And I'd say, Mom. And she's like, Yeah.

I'm like, what are we doing?

She's like, I don't fucking know.

So how does one go from being a somewhat sheltered child who is not allowed to?

I mean, were they taking you to the great museums of the world or were they just depriving you of all art?

Well, they assumes a marital sorry.

Sorry. When I say they, I'm using the pronoun in term because I don't know if it's your mother or she might identify as a they.

No. Yes. My dad used to take me to museums a lot.

The other thing is that I used to binge watch all cable shows that existed at my dad's on the weekends.

OK, so I had a very fractured relationship.

So on the weekends, you're watching a ton of TV.

Yeah. And during the week, you're watching almost none.

Right. OK.

So I mean, that's not too bad. Yeah.

But then when I stopped going there, I don't know how it all panned out, actually.

But yeah, I was limited compared to other people.

There's a lot of things I haven't seen.

Well, I didn't have a television for about three years from probably 10 to 13.

So Mormon by choice. Yes.

By two. I. Yes, exactly.

That was your weird rebellion. I remember you saying that.

Yeah, I just really identified with it.

The whole just climbing into a cave with Joseph, whatever his name is.

What is his name?

Lemore Lemore.

Joseph Lemore climbing into a cave.

I was like, I mean, tell me no more about it.

But so so how does one then go?

Well, you know what?

This is the field I want to be in this thing I don't know anything about.

Um, well, again, I did binge it really hard on.

So you're a liar, basically.

I'm a liar and a thief because you started off the whole premise was I only watched one half hour of television a week.

And now I find out you're watching hours and hours of it.

Well, you know, I don't know where I am with you.

I don't know, like how to relate.

I don't remember how exactly it broke down.

But then I started going to my dad's every other weekend.

And then we just would have dinner one night a week.

So I think like there was very suspicious.

Well, listen, you know what?

Divorce is not easy to understand.

That's right.

Maybe everything's jumbled up in your head because of these complicated emotions that you're just starting to unpack now.

You know what? That's exactly it. Yeah.

So I'm still kind of unpacking.

My therapist went out of town for one year.

One year.

He literally went out of town for one year when he told me I'm like, OK, should be good.

And I feel like any sort of like I have a colleague whom you can.

He did. And then I went to that colleague and he was wearing a black turtleneck.

I was like, I have to go.

Yeah, like it was like instantly I'm like, you're a hack.

Yeah. And like he was about to do an Apple presentation.

Yeah. Like and then he also looked a little like to me.

I see a guy normally, but this guy, I was like, I don't like this energy.

And then also he seemed like he was falling asleep.

And also he cost like three times as much as my therapist.

So it seems like a scam, like, hey, I'm going to go out of town, but I'll refer you to this person that cost three.

And then he doesn't really go out of town and they split the back. Yeah. Yeah.

He's like, yeah, not tan, not changed in any way. Right.

But anyway, so I'm looking at the only way to tell if someone's gone on a trip, if they're tan or not. It seems like there would be other ways.

If you're white, that's a big tell.

It's a big tell.

So are you are you not being taken care of this year?

No, I mean, I have been I feel like my energy is someone who's therapist was out of town. Yeah.

So that's probably why you're lying about the television, you know, and how much you watched as a kid.

I really watched very little.

I just so it's gone from a half hour to a lot to now a little.

You're so I wonder who hurt you and what made you so suspicious.

Is that what your therapy is like?

Is wondering about the other person, the person who's talking to you?

No, thank God I have honest boundaries.

Like I wanted I went to a therapist once in L.A. who was like.

Asking questions that I was like, this doesn't feel.

What kind of questions are not allowed?

Or like she was telling anecdotes about her own child.

OK, this feels more like a marriage.

I'm like, we're not friends. I need like strong, strong boundaries.

Right. She was trying to bond with you and going, oh, I relate because of it.

And then asking questions about like red carpets and stuff like, or like about press that she saw.

Do you have a really good red carpet story?

God, no, they're so I mean, you I would see you at a few of these last year.

I was only nominated for a stinking handful of awards last year.

I was nominated for none, but I but I was like, you were going fuck after having a baby.

But you were going a lot of them because your husband. Yes.

Was nominated for a lot. Yes, he was. Last year.

And so I would see you every once in a while. Yes.

The thing about award shows that like people don't realize is that it's literally like a 16 hour commitment.

It's a lot of work.

It's it's really not that fun unless you're super in the mood for it.

But even then, it's like if you could shave five hours off the experience, you have to do a fitting.

You have to do hair and makeup and makeup.

You have to drive. You got to get there.

It will long time before. Yeah.

Then you sit there. The thing is always like three to five hours, three to five hours.

They're terrible. Too much. It's too much stuff.

Why don't we we're in the let's combine them all into the awardees or do a live stream where seriously, like let's get let's get the Golden Globes, the Oscars, the Grammys, every award to just combine into one night.

Make it 24 hours, make it a marathon. I don't care how long it takes.

But it's just one night and we bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang them all out.

One 24 hour award show. Yeah.

Oh, that is so fucked.

And then also just feel like everyone's just winning or the same person wins like 12 times.

Well, that's the other thing about the about award shows in general is approximately 80 percent of the people in that room are angry by the end of the night.

And that's not a fun party.

No, or feeling like deep within themselves. Tragic failure.

Yeah, exactly.

And also it's like I always think when I was a kid watching tons of TV, I always felt the wrong people won.

Yeah. Like when I was a kid, I had different tastes.

You're like, I want E.T. to win the character.

I never saw that. No, I'm kidding. I did.

It's so sad, though, that show.

I mean, Peter Coyote in that is very evil.

I don't even know that.

I just remember that white tent and E.T.

all sickly and just too dark and the never ending story, that horse sinking.

And it's just like too many sad things.

So what what movies do you like?

I described almost every movie has a has a print or an antagonist.

Yes, that has nefarious intentions.

I love to rush more, Rushmore.

OK, so that's that's a movie where his failings are his own.

There is no evil in the world.

It's just the main character and spoilers on, of course, makes poor choices.

But you root for him. Yeah.

So it's it's not it's not like there are evil people out there trying to oppose him.

I mean, there's just not like I don't think there would be a villain in that movie.

What if there was, though? What if there was like, you know, Batman and the Joker?

What if there was a Joker type in Rushmore where it was like Jason Schwartzman?

It was a dual role.

No, only if it was Heath Ledger's version.

And he comes into the school.

Hey, hey, Max.

And you're like, oh, that would be good.

If you're out there and you have editing capabilities, let's see a great mashup video.

If you want to bring him into Rushmore, that would be fun.

Please send them all to Chelsea out of viral because it's 2019.

But we'll love them.

Well, look, Chelsea, we have to take a break, but I feel like we covered Batman.

No, stay. Please.

We we covered Batman pretty well.

We have an alien coming up.

So this is you want to be talking to.

Oh, I love alien movies.

And we have a singer singer.

Yeah. So maybe, you know, you know, you're able to really belt them out, you know, and are used to call me Jeff Singer.

They did. Really?

Why the Jeff, I guess.

Well, are you familiar with who Jeff Singer is?

I don't know. OK, who is Jeff?

He used to book a comedy show in New York called Eating It.

So when I was coming up as a stand up, he was like, the guy to like put you on.

So they called you Jeff Singer.

I was just saying it. Oh, I guess it's fun.

This is fun. I like it.

It's just word association.

This is my generation of comedians based in New York.

If you're listening.

Hi guys.

If you're one of the 20.

All right. We need to take a break.

We will have the aforementioned singer when we come back and an alien a little bit later.

We'll be right back with more comedy. Bang, bang.

Comedy. Bang, bang. We're back here.

Chelsea Peretti is with us, one of the farts and pro for.

Oh, should we do five?

Oh, we can't. Should we get.

Oh, should we replace him?

Is that crazy? Who can we get?

That is a good question.

That would make you so mad.

Who is this? Who is the new Harris Whittles?

That is such a good question.

We just put Armin in.

Oh, my God. Pure rage from the grave.

All right. We need to get to our next guest.

He is a singer and he's been on the show before.

He was on the show last year and we learned a lot about him.

He is primarily works within the 80s new wave genre.

He was very popular back then.

Please welcome to the show. Back to the show.

Martin Sheffield Lickley.

Hello. Hello, my darling lovelies.

How are we doing?

It's very nice to see you. This is Chelsea Peretti.

Hello, Chelsea.

Oh, hi. How are you?

I'm good. Thank you.

Oh, that's good.

My homage.

Martin, let me remind our listeners and Chelsea here, who was not here when we recorded last and probably has not listened to the episode.

Although I listen every day.

And every weekday you are a singer.

That's correct.

You had a band.

Yes. Two plus two equals love.

Two plus two equals is the name of my band.

But you'll have to forgive me.

I'm a bit of a sourpuss today.

Yeah, so sorry.

Yeah, sorry.

You were.

But I've had creative differences with my band.

Oh, I see. Two plus two equals love.

All right. Well, the last time that we we heard from you, you were still in the band two plus two equals love.

Right. And we caught up with you because you had had several singles where you talked about various tragedies.

Yes, I lost my wife.

I lost my son. I lost my postman.

I lost I knew I know one person in every cemetery in the world.

Well, no, in America and the UK.

Oh, yes. And you close with your postman.

Oh, my God. Yes.

I mean, I see him all the time.

Martin would forge just these white hot relationships.

Yes, we were very will they won't they and he would deliver my mail.

There was a question whether he would deliver your mail or not.

Well, we were where they won't they.

I was right there in the whole rhyme, he always would nor rain nor sleep.

No, it's no he always not since the shutdown.

Oh, that's true. That's true. That's true.

But yes, I have split with them and I am a solo artist now.

You're a solo artist. Well, congratulations. Thank you.

Thank you.

Yes. I told myself how to use a drum machine and a synthesizer.

And now I am making the music that I really want to make.

So your band members were primarily in charge of the drum machine and the synthesizer. Yes.

And you were in charge of vocals. Yes, absolutely. Yes.

That was the that's how you split up the the the jobs.

Yeah. Me, drumming machine and synthesizer.

So now now you're doing all now I'm doing all of them.

And, you know, I'm done with that top 40 horse shit.

Oh, OK. I you know, I must confess, I had never heard any of your songs before you did the last episode.

So I don't know that they were in the top 40, but they were aspiring to be.

They were they were top 40 ask.

But interesting.

They you know, my new music is is music that I've always wanted to write.

So this is a change of pace. Exactly.

Now, I remember Garth Brooks, Chelsea, I don't know if you're a Brooks head.

Oh, major. Remember when he got that alter ego?

Chris, what was his name?

Chris Gaines, remember?

And he just he wanted to do more like, you know, personal music, not in the country genre.

I would imagine very, very similar what I'm doing.

I mean, I haven't changed up my look much, but my songs are now there.

How would you describe your look?

I mean, I look like a cold, tan bird. Right.

With no feathers. Right.

So something very cold, but it has just gone on a trip.

Yes. Just because, you know, I just went on a trip because I'm tan.

That's our one piece of evidence. Exactly.

But I took a trip away from my bandmates.

But my new music is it's roar.

It's and it's me bearing my soul.

Is he mean roar like you're saying raw?

I think it's his English.

Yeah, it's his not roar because Katy Perry did that.

No, no, no, no. It's raw.

It's his English accent. He's from the southern part of English.

Yes.

Bringhamton bring.

Well, I'm actually from Wilkinshire, Durchire, Flat Ground, China.

Oh, I ran through that field.

Yeah, it's crazy, right?

It's it's I think it's a beautiful.

It's not beautiful. It's urban.

It's yeah. Yes.

It's a field yet somehow urban.

Very wet. There's a lot of trash in it.

Yeah, yeah. But it is rural, but it feels urban.

Yes. Yeah. But I wrote my my new song is a this is me bearing.

This is and this is more personal music for you, even though your previous songs were seemed very personal about your son being dead.

Yes. No, this is very personal.

This is more personal than those way more person.

How old was your son when he died?

He was eight years old. Oh, my God.

It was a big tragedy.

He he wanted to write a Tears in Heaven type song.

Right. I was going to say, but his son didn't fall out the window.

No, my son, my son died of emphysema.

So it was a different song than I guess.

Smoker. I'm not.

No, you've never seen that video.

There's that little video, that little kid smoking Ciggies.

Yeah, the little YouTube video.

My son watched that started smoking cigs.

And then you've never seen that video.

So I won't watch it because if you do, you'll do now.

Yeah, no, it's killed so many people.

Yeah, but this new song is is me bearing my soul.

You've said that several times and I'm excited to hear it.

Yes. Can I ask you one question? Yes.

Did you bring some of these songs? I did.

I have them here. We OK.

Well, why don't we hear some of them?

This is this one.

Shelf, this is me bearing.

This is you bearing your soul.

Here we go. Hit it.

I'm working out at the love gym where the muscle you train is your heart.

Instead of punching bags, they have kissing bags.

And the person trainer is your wife.

The love gym charges a membership, but instead of cash, you pay with a hug.

Love Gym don't got a swimming pool.

Instead, they got a kissing room.

A kissing room is a room where you kiss.

Don't understand. I explained it clearly.

The love gym don't have any towels.

You wipe your sweat with little chocolates.

There are no tremors and there are no weights.

All it has is a kissing room.

The love gym is not a very good gym.

If you want to work out, go to a normal gym.

A normal gym.

The love gym.

A ballet total fitness, but for love instead.

Thank you. Oh, I'm like crying.

That's thank you. So personal. Thank you.

Remember, you can't trust anyone.

That's the message.

That was the theme of that.

Maybe I didn't get it from that, but can you say again?

No, I'm kidding. I'm kidding. Of course.

Wow. Amazing. Yes.

And also just it reminded me of some of Beyonce's music where you're really tripping over the words so quickly.

And there's no way I could karaoke that because it's no like clear rhythm.

No. Yeah. And also the words would turn pink so quickly.

I wouldn't know exactly.

Racing and rushing.

Well, the key to good music is to take the biggest inhale of your life and then speed through it.

Mm hmm. So what what was that song based on?

You mentioned it was personal, but it seemed to be about some sort of Bally's gym with chocolate.

And no, it was obvious that was me.

I've been dealing with you're dealing with stuff.

You did mention metaphor.

You mentioned the trainer is your wife, but wasn't your wife dead?

Well, she was, but it's a metaphor.

Oh, OK. That's actually the wife is a metaphor.

The gym is real.

Yeah, it's all a metaphor.

Everything is a metaphor. The gym, the wife.

Yeah, all the fixin's.

But it was devastating.

You know, my former bandmates, they continue to tour.

I do bless two equals love.

That doesn't seem right. I mean, it seems like, you know.

I know it's awful.

And they have a new lead singer.

Who's this? Farthington Cheshire Davies.

Oh, no, I know.

We got to get him on the show.

That daft boozer.

But he's so hot and his Instagram is amazing.

Chelsea. What? No.

He has an Instagram? Yeah.

What's on it?

Lots of like shirtless selfies.

Chelsea. Lots of like shirtless selfies.

And he does peace signs. Oh, my God.

Well, I've already written a song about him.

I'll have to add that into it.

But you've written a song about.

Yeah. What's his name again?

Cheshire Davies. You've written a song about.

Yes. This next song about it is about what it's like to get stabbed in the back.

Hit it.

I got bit by the bug of love.

It laid an egg inside my heart.

I went to the doctor to see him.

He said my stomach was full of love eggs.

The doctor prescribed me 100 kisses.

After that, he said the eggs would hatch.

So he kissed my stomach 200 times and then the eggs did their hatching dance.

Now my stomach is full of bugs and my heart is full of love.

This is an accurate metaphor for how all people fall in love.

Love eggs, love eggs, crossing through my veins.

Love eggs, love eggs. They're eating up my brain.

Love eggs, love eggs. I can't get enough.

Love eggs, love eggs. They're hatching in my gut.

Thank you. Thank you. Wow.

Oh, this doctor needs to be outed.

Needs to be looked at. Definitely.

Well, the love eggs represent Farthington Cheshire Davies.

And the love bugs represent when those eggs hatch.

Was the doctor represent?

My my. He stumped him.

He's you got a look of terror on your face.

You know, I haven't really thought of that.

The lyric just kind of came out.

I'm trying to figure out where you would put in the Instagram stories lyrics.

Yeah, well, we'll have to do some type of.

Yeah, maybe you could edit a little bit like update on his shirtless selfie Farthington is pretty good looking guy.

Charismatic to all his insta stories are so funny.

Yeah, damn it. He's funny.

Yeah. What does he do?

The stories are so fucking funny, dude.

Is he just like him going around his day or do they feel like they he's thought about? No, he's just going around his day.

Oh, I don't know.

What would be worse for you?

That seemed to crush you.

They're just off the cuff.

Hilarious. Improv.

Just playing around in his house.

Hey, he'll sit on his bed and tell a story.

Then he'll be like outside and it's just very light.

Yeah, daft boozer.

What does that mean?

You've repeated that.

Now, what? No, it's daft.

I know is crazy or stupid and boozer is someone who drinks a lot.

OK. Yeah.

You sound like you're trying to you sound like you're trying to convince yourself.

I'm trying to think of something else that sounds kind of like that.

You know, he got an an endorsement, like an alcohol sponsorship.

Well, that daft boozer.

Not Parrot Bay.

Yeah, it is very very sad.

Farthington. Were you going after Parrot Bay for years?

I love Parrot Bay. What is Parrot Bay? Is that a rum?

Yeah, it's like it tastes like sun lotion.

How do you know? I love it.

But he's not even the worst member of my band.

Oh, the person who took your place is not the worst member of your band.

The snake, Sebastian Darlington Winterton.

Oh, no. Who? What did he play?

The drum machine or the synthesizer?

Yeah, I recently walked in on him having intercourse with my new wife, Francesca, in our marital bed.

Oh, no. Is this why the band broke up?

Yes. Oh, my gosh. Your wife.

Yes. Wife in your marital bed.

Marital bed. Is that a separate bed you have?

Yes. From when we got married.

And then you switched beds day two of the marriage?

Yes. Yeah. And it was the honeymoon bed.

It was a honeymoon bed for about six months. Yeah.

That's cool. A lot of beds in your house. A lot of ritual.

Yeah. Well, this sounds like a terrible guy.

Surely you haven't written a song about him.

I have. What?

This next song is about what it's like to be betrayed by the same.

The same what?

It's about being betrayed at the same time by the best man at your wedding and the woman who told you I do.

I made a reservation at the restaurant of love where they only have tables for two.

Instead of taking my order, the waiter gave me a kiss.

Instead of food, I ate perfume.

The love restaurant failed its recent health inspection because the kitchen is infested with rats.

I'm not talking love rats.

These are regular rats and they're biting all the customers and staff.

I got food poisoning at the love restaurant.

Pretty sure it was caused by the rats.

I posted a one heart review on Yelp dot com slash love.

Then the business owner contacted me privately.

He said, Why'd you give my restaurant a one heart review?

I said, because it was full of rats.

He said, This is a small business and this review could ruin me.

He cried over the phone and said he was trying his best.

Thank you. Oh, I've never gets to a chorus, does it?

Oh, man, you get a lot of story.

It's all new words.

It's all new the whole way through.

New words? Yeah, that was my inspiration.

New words the whole way through.

Don't repeat a thing.

Oh, I see. So words we've heard of, but just.

Yes, not new.

So if you ever if you ever said the in that you never said it again.

Now, let me look.

No, no. OK, well, you can go back and check it off.

They're all new. Right.

So most of that was a metaphor. But you say the rats are real.

Yes. The restaurant represents my failed marriage and the rats.

Like I said, those are just regular.

Those are regular rats.

Yes. So there were rats in your failed marriage. Yes.

What percent of what you do in a problem is that what led to you breaking up?

Well, yeah, you take inspiration from everywhere.

You know, you pull from all over Chelsea.

What what percent of what you sing about is a metaphor versus concrete and real?

Well, it comes and goes.

That person that song there was one afternoon.

Oh, OK. So that was all real. Yes.

And the owner of the restaurant was your wife contacting you, saying that you were a small business.

I was writing a song and I was doing some Yelp reviewing.

And it kind of bled into each other.

Well, that's cool. That's like in real life. Yeah.

Yeah. But that song is about my best friend having sex with my wife.

That's terrible. Yeah. Yeah.

And it's been awful, you know, my my mind has been going to some really morbid places.

I can tell. Yeah. Yeah.

And last night I actually had some thoughts of suicide.

No, not suicide.

Oh my God. Do you call some emergency?

You say it's so cute. I can't tell whether this is a serious.

About to commit suicide by taking a bubble bath with my synthesizer.

And oh, that's a I mean, if it were plugged in. Yeah.

Yeah. Is it battery operated?

It is big batteries, car batteries, couple of car batteries.

Car batteries, which would electrocute you?

They would have done me in for sure. OK, yeah.

But at the last second, I decided no, no.

Instead, I need to channel my depression into a song.

Into your art. That's great. Yes.

So this last song is called Existence is Emptiness.

Depression. Sadness.

Madness.

All aboard the train of love.

We're going full steam ahead.

Choo choo. The caboose is full of broken hearts.

And the conductor is a kiss.

Train of love, full of broken hearts.

I must steer us straight to the train station of love.

There are train tickets and newspapers there.

But I'm always too heartbroken to read them.

It's the train. It's the train.

The train of love.

I pull the levers. So many levers.

The train of love. I'm shoveling coal.

It's shaped like hearts on the train of love.

Choo choo choo. Thank you.

That one, I actually that was the best one.

I'd love to hear it sung by a different singer just to see like someone like the new singer in your band. What they could do with some of those notes.

No, no, no.

It also, if I might say, is the most reminiscent of your previous work.

No, that's a brand new song that I wrote on the way here.

And it's completely original.

It seemed like you used the same ABC sample that you did on all in your previous appearances.

Well, I don't know. I don't know. I don't know.

I think we were all pulling from each other. We'll never know. Yeah.

What do kisses mean to you?

Kisses?

Don't say that to stall.

Well, they're the ultimate metaphor for love.

You know, they they're really a replacement.

Yeah. Did you say the conductor was a kid?

Well, to me, a kiss is a noun.

All right. It seems like right.

Yeah, I think to anyone it is.

No, isn't it a verb usually?

Is it a one can kiss?

Yes. But a kiss is a noun.

Yes. Is it?

I don't think so.

All right.

Like, is that your was that your last song that you?

Yeah. OK, well, look, we need to take a break when we come back.

This is exciting. Can you stick around, Martin?

I'd love to. OK, great.

Chelsea will be right back with her. We have an alien coming up.

This is exciting.

We'll be right back with more comedy. Bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang.

We're back here.

Chelsea, pretty Brooklyn nine nine on Thursdays on NBC at a what time?

Are we talking?

Who you got me in the hot seat now?

Oh, baby. Listen, once you clock out, you clock out.

No, I'm kidding.

Just turn on your TV.

Turn on your TV like seven thirty.

Watch extra or whatever.

I think it's at nine. Is it a nine?

OK, sure.

It might be a date.

Might be a day.

Three might be nine. OK, great.

Just turn it on at nine on Thursdays.

You'll get it.

Martin Sheffield Lickley working on his solo record. Hello.

Oh, that really that's it.

I'm devastated.

I'm writing about this new Instagram.

No, you found out about that quite a few minutes ago. Yeah.

Yeah, well, I'm still reading over it.

Yeah, nine, eight, central nine, eight, central.

You're still in the D in DABDA denial.

Yeah, I am. All right.

Well, let's get you all the way to or at least duh.

Coming up next on the show, we have this is interesting and alien.

I've had aliens on the show before, I believe.

But we'll figure out exactly what planet he or she they are from.

Please welcome to the show, Chitter Chitter Click Click.

Hey, Scott.

Hey, Chitter Chitter Click Click.

I'm a yeah.

What an interesting name.

Well, just to clarify for for your listeners, I'm I hate this term, but I'm a predator alien.

You you oh, like in the movie Aliens versus Predator.

You're you're a predator, not an alien.

No, the predators are aliens, right?

The predator. Oh, why?

Why isn't that movie called that movie should be called Alien versus Other Alien.

Believe me, I two aliens fight.

That's what we have this conversation all the time.

Right? Yes, of course.

Or Predator versus Predator, because they're both predators.

Technically, they both prey upon humans.

Interestingly, predators aren't really predators.

The aliens are more predators.

They're more predatory, although the predators, they shoot predators.

Yeah, the predators are more.

What if Batman were to get involved?

If Batman, oh, Scott, I don't Chelsea, get in on this.

Come on. I don't.

Oh, that's right.

You planned on yawning.

I just got so tired.

I don't know. Oh, my God.

Oh, God. Leaning into the yawning thing.

She's going to do it until it sticks.

Uh, have we? Have we?

Have you met it? Familiar.

You are, by the way, the classic predator.

You have the dreadlocks.

I have dreadlocks.

I have the mandibles.

Yeah, I'm about eight feet tall.

Right. Is chitter, chitter, click, click?

Is that that's your original language?

Am I pronouncing it correctly?

Yeah, it's you know, everybody knows that the predators talk with a sort of chittering click.

But, you know, we also, of course, have the ability to mimic human speech.

So that's what you're doing right now is mimicking speech.

Yeah, in case anyone's wondering why I'm not.

I've had I've had guests on this show who say they're from different places, but they all sound southern.

And they're and they're not able to mimic.

They're not able to accurately mimic human speech the way you are right now.

Well, yeah, that's they shouldn't do that.

They shouldn't even try another accent.

Um, that's funny.

Is everything OK? Yeah.

Are you depressed? Are you mimicking human depression?

I've I've had a hard go of it.

I have to tell you, if anybody knows anything about predators, it's a very it's an aggressive race of of aliens.

It's sort of a harsh place to be from.

I'm trying to think of what I know about predators.

I know whoever wins, they lose or we lose.

Well, that and they and they go around there in the jungle and they can't see you if you're covered in mud.

Well, we do see we do see primarily in the infrared part of the spectrum.

The spectrum. Yeah. The electromagnetic spectrum.

So right. You guys obviously look just sort of like orange blobs.

Yeah. To me. Yeah.

But that's fine. That's fine.

You'd prefer we didn't look like that? What do you mean?

What do you mean? Well, you say it's that's fine.

Like, you'll take it, right?

It's what I'm used to.

People go, oh, you know, people go, oh, like, how do you like my T-shirt?

And I say, you know, I can't actually see it. Right.

You're like, you're like dared.

What about Chelsea? What about Daredevil?

You're like Daredevil, who just sees like, you know, a sonar vision.

I would talk Jessica Jones.

Jessica Jones. OK, you're like Jessica Jones when she is waking up with a hangover.

She can she's groggy, can barely see anything. Yeah, sure.

OK. What about that villain in that one?

What's his name? The purple man.

Kill the bad guy. Yeah.

Kill, kill, kill, kill, great.

Bad, bad. Shoot, doctor.

But so so what's what you fight?

Killgrave. Yeah.

If you fought Killgrave, who would win?

Would you do what we lose no matter who wins?

I would prefer not to fight.

It's sort of what I came here to to talk about. Oh, really?

In our society, it's sort of a tribal society.

You get respect in our society by physical force, physical force, by by by becoming blooded in a trophy ceremony where you travel to another hostile planet and fight creatures there and bring home trophy skulls and skins and ears.

Sometimes your ears, teeth, penises, mandibles, a predator.

And this is don't just predator ever come home and just have like a necklace full of penises. You know, when he starts playing around with them, like sticking them in his ears and stuff and just having a fun time or fun time.

They do that. It's it's it's not it's not for somebody like me who's a little bit.

They do do that.

He said they do that.

So they do confirmation on really.

But what you're wow, you're picturing human penises.

But but not necessarily.

Do the other balls balls to just balls, balls?

Yeah, there's balls.

I was picturing various penises from around the galaxy. OK.

And remember, of course, they're not they're not still warm because they're dead penises.

So they're not easy for us to see.

They don't travel well.

They they, you know, if you want to show somebody your necklace of penises, you would just slap them in the face with it.

And hmm. You get put it on Insta.

So you you but you're not like this.

You're you're a pacifist.

I'm I'm you know, we live in this culture.

Talk about a culture of toxic masculinity.

You know, my planet is really if you if you you know, for a young predator.

And again, I don't like that term, but I don't know what else to say.

Yeah, it's very labels. Yeah.

If if if you're if you're a young predator who shows any kind of emotion or anything at all, you're told to come on, be a predator, you know, predator up.

And we have this very limited view of what it is to be you know, what what what what we value. Yeah.

And but you've gone against that.

You you don't want to be like that.

You know, I'm wondering if you could ever answer a question without an enormous pause before you start to speak.

I know you're depressed, but it's a lighthearted show.

They gave out cold brew beforehand.

Like I'm really being given time to.

Well, we're giving you time.

Listen, honey, we're working with you.

Yeah, but we don't have to.

Like my parents just I'm sorry.

The space to sort of.

I'm so sorry. So sorry.

We have a camouflage cloaking technology.

Oh, that's right.

That makes us sort of shimmer and be invisible.

But are you invisible to other predators as well during that?

Or do the other predators, are they able to see you in the infrared spectrum?

You can see in the infrared.

So if so, if I had like an infrared, you know, scope on a rifle or something, I would be able to see you no matter what, regardless of your shimmering cloaking technology.

Yeah. Seemed confused on something.

You also have suits.

We also have suits that can mask our heat signature stuff.

Right.

So but you don't want to be like the typical predator.

You find it reductive.

Your definition of what it is to be whatever type of alien you are.

A predator, a predator alien.

We have invisible suits, but I like to say that we sensitive predators are the true invisible.

Predators. Oh, uh huh.

Now, so what makes you so sensitive because you keep saying you're sensitive, but I don't sense anything in you that feels like heart or soul.

You seem sad. Yeah.

Is that what you came on the show to say is you're sad?

I am. Well, I like you. Thank you.

Oh, boy. That's not that I want. You remind me of a kiss.

Is that good or is that bad? How so?

Don't get him angry.

What does a kiss mean to you?

It's a it's an idea, you know?

No, in many people's life, it's an actual thing.

It's a noun for a lot of people.

Well, predators also we have wide mandible flaps, so we can't actually kiss.

You can't kiss each other? What is affection on your world?

You rub flaps. You rub the closest thing to affection, honestly, would be to slap each other in the head with a penis necklace severed.

I mean, you know, for some people, that's nice.

Yeah, no, you can write a song about that, Martin.

Not right now.

Anyway, I started an organization.

Oh, you're getting to something. OK, yeah.

I started an organization called the org.

I started an organization called Better Off Pred for is it can I ask you before you say what it is?

And there it is.

Is better off pred a parody of the expression better off dead, or is that just something? Do you not know that expression?

It is a wordplay.

It's funnier in the native chitter click language is funnier.

Oh, really? It's funnier than even it's pretty funny to us because it's oh, that rhymes with better off dead.

It's actually a play off of the name of a movie from my planet.

Which movie is this?

Well, whether off pred, it's called well, in my native tongue, it's called right. But the English translation.

Why does that sound like, say, beyond Glover?

Bring in the noise or bring in the phone, bring in both.

Yeah. Why do I have to choose?

I don't know why Sophie's choice.

Why is why are you so miserly with the funk and the.

Yes, it loosely translates to better off, but not alive.

Right. And it stars a famous actor from my world named.

Predator John Cusack.

Interesting.

So you started this organization, started an organization better off, read better off, read for for young predators to understand that there can be a better way. My dad was a he was a stern man.

And he left home in the mid 1980s to come to Earth for his, his blooding ceremony, his blooding ceremony.

I think I know. And he never came back.

I actually think I know this predator.

There's I saw a movie about this.

I saw a movie about this guy.

What happened?

Well, do you know the governor of California?

Former governor of California, Arnold Schwarzenegger, Jerry Brown?

No, no. Before and after.

Because didn't he do it twice? Yeah, he did.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

So I know a lot about in between him when you local government.

Yeah, yeah. Arnold Schwarzenegger.

He was in the movie.

It was in the movie about this guy.

His daughter's engaged to Chris.

Chris Pratt now, who you may know from Parks and Recreation.

Oh, that's cool.

Yeah. Jurassic Park in shape.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Jurassic Park Park World World.

Hey, sorry.

So so there was a movie about your dad.

He came down here and a ragtag group of came down here to Earth.

Yeah, paramilitary outfit. Right.

Crash landed, I believe, in some sort of jungle or or or the reverse where the your dad crash landed in the jungle.

I can't remember exactly crashed something.

I why would you tell me about a movie that you don't remember the details of?

I look, are you saying that any time police question someone who may know anything about a murder, unless they know everything about the murder, they should just not answer questions?

You're not being questioned.

You offered information.

So you're so you'd rather hear nothing.

All right, fine.

I'm I, I won't tell you any scrap of information about this.

So that argument is so angry today.

That argument reminded me of a kiss.

What do you do?

Do you want you British?

Was I not just that argument reminded me of a kiss?

That's what I meant to say.

Chitter, chitter, click, click.

Do you want me to tell you what I know about this or do you just? Yes.

Well, I'll tell you what I know. What do you know?

He told me he was going to Earth and I begged him not to.

He was a he was a dentist on our planet.

That must be a very lucrative line of work with the mandibles and that's actually a different.

Oh, it's different.

Oh, really? Oh, a dentist on our world.

Tend to the smaller.

It's just the incisors and the oh, that's too bad.

The mandibles are tended to by a different.

Oh, OK. So so he was but middle class, middle class, upper middle class, upper middle class.

Great. Yeah. So no complaints there.

Well, he. You know, he was going and I said, don't go.

I said, leave those humans alone.

They don't deserve that.

Leave them be in their natural environment.

You know, he was going, I'm going to go and I'm going to bring back the skulls of these commandos.

And I said, just I don't know that they were commandos.

I think you're thinking of a different group.

Why? That was a well, I mean, I saw a different movie about them.

It was called Commando.

That was about one commando.

Well, I don't think the movie I saw was called Commandos.

I think if I were the commando, it they are commanding their military.

Yeah, but I don't know whether that's interchangeable.

Commando military.

I don't know much about the movie, but I just don't.

Schwarzenegger's character in Commando is pretty much the same as his character in Predator.

I don't know whether in military, you know, about the movie Predator.

I got it. I got it. Just their military, their ex military military brought in.

Right.

To to solve a mysterious situation, situation.

Sure. Although I don't know whether Arnold Schwarzenegger ever says in the movie Predator, hey, I'm a commando.

Wait, isn't he a politician in?

I mean, he is. He was.

Yeah. Then he then he is.

He did movies and then he was the host of Celebrity Apprentice.

Wow. What a career.

Yeah. I mean, when you think he was a bodybuilder before all of this.

Oh, my God. Yeah. Seriously.

Yeah. Same guy. Yeah.

So are you saying, Scott, there's a point in the movie Commando where Arnold Schwarzenegger says I'm a commando?

I think if I were to go see the movie Commando and I don't recall every scrap of dialog, but if he never said I'm a commando in that, I don't know what the fuck the makers of that film are thinking, because that is a plausible line city.

I'm a commando. Everyone goes, whoa.

You know, I'm hosting the WGA is on February 17th.

Are you really?

And calling it a scrap of dialog.

I mean, just on behalf of the WGA, that is.

I apologize. You're right. You're right.

It's not respectful to my fellow brothers.

Writers, they're not writing scraps.

Although sometimes when I've been writing things, I would write something down on that's you.

That's true. That's true.

You're known for kind of junkie.

So what are you?

So you do know what happened to your dad or you don't know what happened to your dad?

You begged him not to go.

I begged him not to go.

I said those left them.

Let them be let them be in their natural environment.

You call them humans, cartels and destabilizing Central American governments.

And he said, no, he was a harsh man.

I love my dad.

Oh, Jesus Christ.

I'm sorry.

He hadn't had his blooding ceremony up to this point.

No. You know, I have a lot of anger towards my dad.

Yeah, yeah, boy.

But, you know, he's your dad.

I have a colleague who can help you with this.

He's he charges three times as much as me.

But. Does he wear a black turtleneck?

I know his whole family was killed.

Yeah, he's he's saying like, at least you have your father.

Right. No, I know my father.

My father saw a video of a little boy smoking a cig.

I thought that was your son.

It was also his father.

Oh, and his postman and my husband mailed himself to the bottom of the ocean.

That's right. I forgot.

But look, I mean, he's turned his swords into plowshares.

You know, he's made something of his life at a certain point.

We have to get over our pain and actually, you know, use it to fuel ourselves.

Well, that's what I'm trying to do with my work with your organization.

Tell us about your organization.

You help people on your home planet.

I help people on my home planet.

I help, you know, much ado has been made of of alien versus predators.

You know, the narrative is aliens and predators are always at each other's throats.

Equally bad to us humans. Right. Right.

You know, if if we win, you lose. Right.

Yeah, either way. It doesn't matter which way it goes.

I guess we would win if an alien and a predator were to rush at each other at the same time and just like explode simultaneously.

Then it would be like, hey, Ty, we win.

But, you know, a lot of aliens are good are good people.

A lot of the aliens are not even people I were well, their face huggers, face huggers.

I do a lot of work with face huggers.

Chelsea's back so far away from the microphone at this point.

Fucking out of disinterest.

They're not people.

Well, they have emotions.

I'm saying I've worked with a lot of face huggers around the issue of consent.

Yeah. And some people would probably be into it, right?

Yes. But you can't just do it without asking, you know.

So face huggers, young face huggers.

We we get them to ask consent of their hosts before they plunge their egg tube into their belly.

Your song, very wonderful song. Remind me of the face huggers.

How many have they acquired consent from?

Sorry. What percentage of humans actually consented to the face huggers inquiries? I'm not aware of any humans that have consented, but across the across the galaxy, there's other races that there's other races that I would imagine other aliens physiologies would be more adaptive to it.

How so? What do you mean?

Well, you know, human beings, once those that egg tube goes down, our stomachs tend to explode and killing us.

And you think there are other alien races who maybe they have some sort of like, you know, like door in their bellies where where the alien can like.

Not aware of any alien species with a belly door.

You you've been around the galaxy. I haven't.

Right. I'm just a belly door. I'm selling what's out there.

No belly. What's what's out there?

You would know more than I.

The the anything close to it.

Belly window. Closest thing to a kangaroos down here.

They're like belly pockets.

Not that far off from a belly door.

I guess that's true.

You ever see kangaroo Jack?

Was that who's in that?

I don't know Jackman.

I don't think he was in that just because he's Australia.

Yeah, he's Australia because he's Jack in his game.

Who's kangaroo Jack?

So you think Hugh Jackman is in any movie with Jack in the title?

Yeah, he's in Jack Frost, right?

And he's in and he's in Jack. Yeah.

I don't know who's in Kangaroo Jack, but I do know that there's a dream sequence where the kangaroo boxes with some of the protagonists of the film. But I guess what I'm saying is you've been around, you know that, you know, or does everyone look exactly like we do.

Human beings. Is everyone humanoid in appearance?

Most people, most most galaxy aliens are humanoid.

I would imagine with different planets having different climates and.

Right. Sometimes they're wearing coats or.

That's the only difference.

A coat or a tank top.

Well, depending if it's cold, you know, they they put coats.

Chelsea has checked out of this.

I've never seen.

And it goes without saying any.

Of course. Yeah. Well, he's he he you would consider him to be evil or at least his his instincts and he's trying to overcome.

Like most toxic males, he's pretending he's not evil.

I see. So you think this is all just I mean, but aren't we?

I come up against that a lot, and that's understandable.

We have a we have a long history.

We have a reputation to overcome.

You have four movies or so just here on the. Documentaries.

Yeah. That we've seen where and in each one I go to each one, I'm like, maybe the predators of change.

Boom, boom, boom. Evil, evil, evil, evil all the time.

It's self pity. What are we supposed to do with this? Yeah.

Well. I think there's a lot of positives to our race.

We we have a lot of fish netting.

We do a lot with net.

So you you make a lot of fish netting on your home world.

Well, if you look at our apparel and stuff, our legs are a lot of fish. So that could be the main export of your world.

So if, say, you wanted to enter into trade negotiations with Earth, you could offer fish netting and perhaps invisibility cloaking technology, visibility, cloaking technology.

I'd love a shimmer coat.

Yeah, like a shimmery coat.

I can get you I can hook you up with one of those.

We have to be like a Harry Potter kind of thing.

Just yes. Invisibility cloak.

You know, I would love one and some net.

I would love some netting.

I can get you netting. I can get you a fair trade.

And what do you want?

A shoulder mounted laser.

And what do you want in return?

Yeah, what do you want?

What do you want from us?

You're here on comedy bang bang to get your message out there into the world.

What do you want to say?

I want to say that.

People.

People can.

Change.

I have to believe that, you know, I came here.

I was sent here for my blooding ceremony.

You were sent here to Earth for yours?

Uh huh. Seems like someone was just sent here about in November or December or so.

And it didn't work out, as I recall.

So they're just like sending them every couple of months now.

Did they watch his cigarette video?

What is a blooding ceremony?

You boy, that was early on.

Yeah, I really wish you would have asked this question.

He covered this, Chelsea, he covered this.

So you were sent for your blooding ceremony here?

Was sent here, but I opted.

I was I went to Guatemala.

Mm hmm. And that's the other thing.

Why are they why are all the predators come into like Guatemala and Costa Rica?

We prefer an equatorial climb.

We are. Yeah.

We're cold blooded.

So right now it's a little cold for you right now here with the rain.

It's a little chilly, but I'm comfortable here.

You are wearing a jacket.

Yeah. Much like all the aliens out there.

That's a nice pea coat.

Thank you. I got his popped.

I got to say those aliens that we were talking about, the face huggers and the you know, I mean, the H.R.

Giger looking motherfuckers.

I mean, those are so different than the humanoids you've described.

Why are they so different?

And everyone else is just humanoid with a coat or a tank top.

Um, well, I don't know.

I guess you'd have to ask a galactic genetic research.

That's not you person. That is not you.

You're just a simple person who's here for your blooding ceremony.

Well, the aliens are more like insectoid.

They're more like bees.

So they're not queen.

They have a sort of different almost a plant like life cycle with multiple.

So they're me. So they understand that I.

Are they the primary at some point earlier?

No, I have a tickling your yeah. Are they were you on a second, Scott?

You know, no Chelsea.

Oh, you know my name, you little predator.

You were you were you were doing an interview earlier.

Yeah. And I, I had a physiological reaction.

Having nothing the interview you were doing was very, it's a little colder.

Lating, a little colder here than your normal.

I was fully engaged.

You need a little oxygen go into your brain.

You need a little extra oxygen.

You predators need a little extra oxygen.

Humans need a little extra oxygen.

And who's going to turn down some oxygen?

That's your story. You're sticking with it.

I got a tickle in my throat.

You've done you've done this a few times now.

I think you've made your point.

You yawned twice early on.

Look, chitter, chitter, click, click.

If I can get you back on target, chitter, click, click, click.

Sorry. Sorry.

You you're here for your blooding ceremony.

Are you you're not going to you're not going to kill us, are you?

No, Scott. I went I'm taking a little extra time.

I went to Guatemala.

I saw the ruins of Tikal.

Oh, they're lovely. I hear. Mm hmm.

What do you think? Beautiful. Oh, it's great.

They filmed some of Star Wars there.

Oh, which one? The first one, a new hope.

A new hope for the rebel base on Yavin four.

Oh, they filmed that there.

Wow. They really went all over the world.

Wow. To film that, you know, they've been in Hawaii.

They filmed a part of Jurassic Park on those big cliffs out there in Kauai.

Wow. Yeah.

They filmed Lost in Hawaii.

Yeah, well, primarily now we're talking about.

We just like lost.

Ding, ding, ding, ding, ding.

Yeah, I got me. You reeled me right back in.

But lost by the end of lost.

It's all about the binary of good and evil.

Well, so they say. Yeah.

But it's really all about Cal Joe.

Cal Drogo. Yeah.

So you must game. Oh, shit.

And the throw. Wait, wait.

What was the purpose of last?

The thought they were fucking around in heaven or whatever.

By the end.

Wait, no, but who was the hot person?

Oh, the guy who said freckles. Sawyer.

Yeah. Oh, yeah.

So I'm sorry. It's all about so you.

So you and you and you and you and you.

So in your mind, Sawyer from lost and called Drogo from Game of Thrones.

Yes. You find the same space in your.

It's predator reference part of your brain.

It was only in season one.

Also, I know. And what a season it was.

Now he's got the number one movie.

Aquaman. Mm hmm.

You ever participate in something like that?

In what Aquaman participate in or in making a movie?

I'm just trying to play ball out of my element.

I don't know what predators are outside of the real world.

Toxic men that come after us on the day.

That's what he's saying.

He's symptomatic of of what we see here down here on Earth and in America, where just masculinity is is a problem and we should.

We need to redefine what it means to be a strong person.

So what are you going to do and what he started the whole thing?

He started better off pred.

Well, what is better off pred?

What's there? He's never talked about it.

What's your platform? I can't re explain everything.

Did you already say you're not?

Yeah, I explain his platform.

I mean, but the bare minimum. OK.

He brought it up like it was something he was going to go into.

That's what I thought.

They have to. No, you know what?

But then he accuses me.

You haven't been. But you've been doodling. Yes.

And you've been on your phone. Absolutely.

And you've been mock mass.

Coughing. Did you know that?

Yeah, that's where you think about masturbating in a funny way.

Look, Chelsea, I apologize for Chelsea.

I've been engaged.

You can't argue that I haven't been engaged.

I have been engaged.

You guys you guys talked about commando for a while.

We did get off track talking about commando.

Can I ask you, you sell netting?

You sell netting maybe?

Well, we're talking about a theoretical trade trade exchange.

Oh, I could get you netting.

Well, yeah, I'm looking to dredge a pond that my nana drowned in.

Oh, no. What happened to your nana?

Well, she went out on a little canoe to smoke a cigarette.

Oh, OK. And she drowned.

That'll happen. Yeah.

So I want to dredge the pond to get her.

No one's looked for her.

The police probably could.

They said they said, no, thank you.

Yeah, they said do it yourself.

How big is the pond?

Oh, my God. I mean, to be honest, it's a puddle.

It's more of a puddle.

Where you guys when you talk about ponds and puddles from a puddle.

English people, when they talk about ponds and puddles, they're talking about the Atlantic Ocean, usually.

Well, yeah, yeah, no, no, no.

I'm talking about a small, but I can see her back.

I can see that. Just pick her up.

Just reach right in there and go out there in these shoes.

Oh, I didn't get a look at those.

Wow. What is that?

Is that gold and diamonds are like Jimmy Choos?

Jimmy Choos, gold and diamond shoes.

Wow. You want me to get your out of the puddle?

Would you?

I could.

Are you going to, when do you want to come over? What time?

I could do it. Well, I have a spaceship.

This is back in England?

Yeah, yeah, you could come over, but don't stay too long.

And I don't, I'm not looking for, this is just to get my, my nan out of the puddle.

Yeah, but it would be polite if you were to invite him in maybe for some tea.

Crumpets!

I mean, we could be there in just a few minutes.

Clotted cream.

Yeah, he's got a spaceship.

It's sort of steamy inside. It's a little wet.

Oh, yeah, but that's what he likes.

Yeah, but it's like going to a nice steam.

But you're a predator.

Mm hmm.

I'm a little wary.

Well, yeah, I mean, normally if a predator were to pull over by the side of the road and say, hey, get into my vehicle.

Believe me, your skull wouldn't gain me much respect as a trophy.

The shape of it?

Well, hey, I mean, I could be more for you.

What does one need to do to have a skull that?

Yeah, what are you looking for?

Yeah, what kind of skull are you looking for?

Well, typically one that, you know, presented a challenge in life.

Oh, you can tell that from skulls.

You can tell how masculine someone is or how much of a fighter they are.

Well, I guess not. I guess I could just tell everybody that I had an epic battle with you.

I mean, if I help your nana get out of the puddle, could I take your skull?

Sounds like an equitable trade to me.

How did I just, how did I just talk myself into wanting, I'm needy.

I want you to cut my head off and take it home.

People are into stuff like this.

That actually is like there's people who like agree to have someone kill them.

Yeah, I don't know what you're into.

Yeah, people in Germany, you know, like, hey, cut off my cut off my penis.

If you don't, you have a whole dead family.

Yes.

I could take their skulls.

Look, Martin knows a dead person in every graveyard in the United States.

Yeah, I mean, if you, I can take you on, I'm on a.

Now this is kismet. This is why I do this. This is why I go around and talk to people.

Yeah. He could exhume all of their bodies.

Yeah, I mean, I'm on a 14th Cemetery tour right now.

Yeah.

I mean, my whole thing is trying to get away from the violence of our society.

But I mean, if they're already dead here, I have a proposition for you.

You're on a 14th Cemetery tour.

Maybe a chitter chitter cluck clique could come on stage and dance around like it's a flaming lip show, you know, during the show.

And then just gather one of the skulls from someone that you know and create a diversion.

Yes. I sing, create a diversion.

You cut off the head.

You have a song called created diversion.

I do. I do.

I hear it.

No, I don't have this sounds like kismet here.

It sounds like a match made.

Could I join you on stage?

Well, I have a sort of a kabuki kimono thing I do.

Yeah, with netting and yeah.

Yeah.

Okay.

I think this is great.

This could be fun.

Yeah.

I mean, it solves everyone's problems.

Do you play the synthosizer?

I mean, I have huge claw hands.

Yeah, but maybe you could play with your mandible.

Those are about the size.

I mean, they're big for mandibles and teeth, but they're, you know, about.

Maybe I could play with your mandible.

Okay.

Hold on.

This is a different proposition.

I don't know.

I'm not, I don't know what you're into.

I don't know.

Predators come to this planet to kill humans, but.

Okay.

Predator.

That's okay.

I'm I it's fine if you're into that.

I'm just, I want to put up some boundaries here.

I'm not going to be, you know, like with the face huggers, I don't need you sticking your mandible into me or anything like that.

I don't, I do not give you consent, but it's fine.

I'm not judging you.

I'm not judging.

All right.

Look, this is a great, I think this is a great solution for you guys.

I think that, uh, uh, what are you saying?

What did you say?

What did you just say to saying that to, uh, Oh, wait a minute.

He going rogue.

Is there others here?

Who are, who are, to whom are you addressing?

To Martin?

You're talking to me.

Okay.

It seems like, that's like the opposite of Robert De Niro.

You are talking to me.

Hey, does this mean you are talking to me?

Yeah.

Is she speaking predator ease or?

Oh no.

All right.

Look, guys, we're running out of time.

I hate to say it, but that last, this last segment has taken up our entire show.

We're running out of time.

Just the pauses is all I'm saying.

But look, we have, we have one last final feature on the show and that's a little something called plugs.

The show is almost over, but there is one more segment where you can tell the listeners where they should be present and when to use their eyes and ears so they can mark the calendars.

The plugs.

Ooh, nice and short and sweet. That was Elvis sings the plugs by hopefully spoilers.

Thank you so much to hopefully spoilers.

If you have a plugs theme, go head on over to the year Wolf message boards and put them on there.

All right, guys, what are we plugging? Let's go over here to Chelsea.

What do you like to plug?

Only one thing to plug.

What do you got?

WGA awards.

That's right.

How do we see these?

It won't be on TV.

So you want us to be nominated and come?

Be nominated and attend.

And guess what? It's gonna get inside.

No. Also, no, I think they're gonna, there'll be clips online for those of you.

So if you, if you can only watch 30 minutes of television a week, just watch clips of this WGA award show.

It won't even be that long.

Oh, okay.

So you can watch other stuff in the mix.

Great. Love it.

Who do you hope?

As always, please check out my Twitter account.

I'm always spouting off about something.

What do you what do you again? Are you?

Aquarius, Pisces, cusps.

Mm hmm. Great. All right.

Martin Sheffield Lickley, what do you want to plug?

Oh, yes, I would like to plug a new show on Comedy Central called The Other Two premieres January 24th at 1030.

Really? It premieres this week.

Yes. Is it this week?

At 1030. Yes.

Yes.

So this Wednesday.

No.

Yes.

Thursday? Is it?

Yes. This well, the 23rd, you say?

24th.

24th. This Thursday.

Did I say 23rd?

Geez, I'm devastated all the time.

So here's a.

Farthington's Instagram stories have me furious.

I saw you watching them.

He was just sitting on his bed.

Yeah. Being funny.

So here's a nice night for you.

Watch Brooklyn Nine Nine at 9 p.m. on NBC.

8 central.

Then switch over to Comedy Central.

At what time you say?

1030.

1030. The Other Two.

Is it preceded by something on Comedy Central?

Broad City.

Broad City. This is a great night.

Just stay in.

Yeah.

Wonderful. The Other Two.

Yeah. The Other Two.

And then you can come to Atlantic City at UCB the second Thursday of every month.

Oh, that sounds fun.

That's a fun show.

All right.

I mean, I'll also be on more Brooklyn Nine Nines.

Yeah, I know.

I failed to mention.

Yeah.

Well, you know, you're on the.

You don't know how many more weeks, but you're on it.

Well, I do know. But yeah.

OK. Very cagey.

All right.

Chitter, chitter, cluck, click.

What are you plugging here?

Well, funnily enough, I have a plug related to Martin.

Oh, OK.

And in fact, he and I are embarking on a 14 cemetery tour.

Oh, OK.

Yes, we are. We were talking. We're doing it.

I'll be doing my kimono routine.

Give us a little bit of that. Is it mainly physical, this routine?

It's completely physical.

It's completely physical. It's a lot of. Do you have a sword or anything, or is it just sashaying around with the kimono?

It's it's not sashay.

I don't need to be reductive when I say sashaying movements.

And it's a bit of a tea ceremony.

It's going to be great. One thing we have talked about is his health insurance.

He has so many different dentists. Right. Yeah.

Multiple teeth, the mandible. It's going to be expensive for me, but I'm willing to do it.

OK. Well, congratulations. 14 cities to your bang for desert.

14 cemeteries, most of them in the same city.

OK. I want to plug.

Hey, look, I'm on three episodes of the television show. I'm sorry.

On TruTV. The first my first episode is this Wednesday.

So check it out on TruTV. I don't know what time it's. Oh, no, I think it's on 10 p.m..

That's Andrea Savage's show. I'm sorry. My the first of my three episodes will be on this Wednesday.

Check it out. And what are you saying?

He's on the phone.

Oh, sorry. I didn't realize you're on the phone. Look, let's close. Oh, by the way, we're going to close up the plug bag here.

But I want to debut. OK, look, every year, Ben Schwartz and Horatio Sands, they do every year it's worse.

They do a worse version of the closing of the plug bag theme. This year is terrible.

We rely on our fans to remix these things.

And Pressman Easter has decided to remix it along with another one of our favorite remixers, Michael Hartigan.

They have joined forces, two of our incredible remixers.

They've joined forces to remix this terrible, terrible closing of the plug bag theme.

This is a debut. Let's listen to it now and close up the old plug bag.

Close your eyes and open up that bag.

You gotta get those eyes closed.

Get em, get em, open up that bag.

Get em, get em, get em, don't be closing, don't be closing.

Open up and let's get loaded.

Let's get loaded, open up that bag.

Open up that bag.

Open up that motherfucking bag.

Open up that bag.

I mean, better.

Not awful.

I mean, you were scowling, Predator, or maybe that's your mandible.

No, I was smiling.

That was smiling for you. OK.

So if I were to say turn your frown upside down, then you would look like you're frowning.

OK.

It could be better the way I write. They could fit more words in.

There could be more words.

So not bad. I mean, definitely better. I want to thank Presman Easter and Michael Hartigan for doing that.

All right, guys. Well, look, we're coming up to the end of the show.

Chelsea, I want to thank you for the first half of this episode when you were fully engaged.

Hey, I always fall off in the second half. You know that.

That's the Chelsea Peretti promise.

I'm addicted to my phone.

I know. I know.

I don't understand Predator.

I get it.

It's bedtime for my baby soon.

I get it.

I have a lot of, hey, bag of excuses.

Yeah.

Speaking of bags, we just closed it.

And Martin, thank you so much for returning.

Absolutely. Thank you for having me.

And chitter, chitter, cluck, cluck.

You know, good luck with your embarking upon this.

It sounds like a one city tour.

Yeah, it's actually just that cemetery on the way into New York City.

It's just one cemetery now?

It's a big Jewish cemetery.

This changed so fast.

OK, guys.

We'll see you next time. Thanks. Bye.

Yeah.
