♪ Comedy Bang Bang ♪ Magneto only sips Mojito's incognito.

I think he might have a drinking problem.

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

Thank you to Alimony Tony for that cash-free submission.

♪ Comedy Bang Bang ♪ You know Alimony Tony, always out there paying his ex-wives when they're owed.

He loves it.

Paying and proud of it.

You know what, I'm gonna make this my nickname.

I love doing it so much.

I love doing court orders so much.

My court ordered obligation.

Oh, somebody mentioned my name!

Oh, Alimony Tony!

It's me, Alimony Tony!

Oh, thank you so much for the cash-free submission.

I love playing Alimony.

How many ex-wives do you have, Alimony Tony?

As many as I can get.

How many is that?

It's seven.

Seven!

I got seven ex-wives.

Why do you- They're all beautiful.

I'm sorry it didn't work out.

It's my problem.

Maybe I gotta rest in development.

I need to grow up, but I love playing.

When I hear about people like you- I love playing Alimony!

You sound a lot like my other friend Buddy, what's his name, Velestra?

What should I know?

He's your friend!

Are you sure I don't sound different enough?

To hang around?

I don't sound different enough to hang around?

I don't think you sound different enough to hang around.

Let me clear my throat.

Hey, that's me, Alimony Tony.

Oh, hey!

There you are.

I love playing Alimony.

There is something going around that changes voices that way.

I always wonder about someone like you who's a serial marrier.

Why do you marry so many women?

I mean, maybe you have issues that preclude you necessitating getting married.

You know, I used to think that I got married for love because I just have so much love in my heart, but now I realize I love paying Alimony.

Sure, that's what it is.

It's the best.

That's why they call me Alimony Tony.

How much in Alimony are you paying per month now?

Well, let's see.

Let's see, per month I'm gonna say it's somewhere in the neighborhood of $12,000.

$12,000.

You went up among the seven ex-wives.

No, each.

Oh my gosh, so we're talking $84,000 or so?

I am providing Alimony so they may live with the matter which they become accustomed to.

Oh my God, you're paying like almost a million dollars a year in Alimony then.

Oh shit, I never did the math.

How much money do you make?

What have I done?

Are you independently wealthy?

I'm independently wealthy.

Oh, I see, okay.

How much money do you have in the bank?

My mother invented gaseous paper.

I've heard of liquid paper, but gaseous paper.

What's that?

Okay, liquid paper is something that Mike Nesmith's mom invented, yeah.

From the monkeys?

That's right, yes.

What a fun bit of trivia.

No, my mother invented gaseous paper which NASA uses in the space program.

Oh, I see.

Did you also invent something akin to, did you invent VH1 like Mike Nesmith invented MTV?

I invented VH2.

Oh, okay, certainly less popular.

Well, it's been very nice meeting you.

Well, okay, I might be back later.

Who knows?

Will you be back to pick us up later?

Ha ha, the Simpsons.

All right, well, Alimony Tony, everyone, had two very distinct voices.

I'm gonna go out in the lobby.

Okay.

And then when you need me, I'm gonna come back in.

Okay, sure.

I'm presuming you need me.

Is that where the after party is out in the lobby?

The after party's always out in the lobby.

All right, let's get to our first guest.

My name's Scott Aukerman, by the way, Comedy Bang Bang for another week.

Is it this door, is it?

Yeah, that one, that's a window, actually, you're looking at.

Yeah, it's a new studio you may not be familiar with.

Yeah.

Usually doors are not see-through.

This handle isn't round.

No, it's a rectangular handle, I guess.

It's a velociraptor handle.

That's a velociraptor, we need to be able to- Oh, sure, from Jurassic Park 2.

So if a velociraptor can figure it out, I'm sure you can.

I believe it's from Jurassic Park 1, by the way.

Alimony Tony hunts and packs.

If only.

I wish it was someone else to share the burden of this alimony, but I love paying it.

Do you have a wig man?

What's that?

Do you have a wig man, speaking of dinosaurs?

What?

Do dinosaurs have wig men?

They have wings, man.

They're called pterodactyls.

Velociraptors and pterodactyls team up.

I have to do these movies about dinosaurs dating.

All right, we'll see you later.

All right.

Welcome to the show.

Scott Aukerman for another week of Comedy Bang Bang.

And what a week it is, a little later, we have an odds and ends man.

That's very exciting.

An odds and ends man, maybe, is how you say it.

Ends man, ends man.

And that's very exciting.

Plus an old friend will drop by.

Plus Alimony Tony's out there in the lobby anytime we need juicing up.

And before we do that though.

♪ The podcast is the podcast lobby ♪ Now I'm catching the reference.

Now you are.

Yeah, I'm the young man still.

He is a young man and one of our, still.

When do you turn into an old man?

When I...

Is it a mental thing or is it when your physical body starts to decline?

I think it happened this morning.

Really, what happened this morning?

I looked in the mirror and I saw I was wearing a trucker hat and a beard and I'm like, that's wrong.

You are wearing a truck.

And your trucker hat says pizza slice on it.

Extra cheese.

Double cheese.

Double cheese?

Oh, look.

It's hard to see up there on your hat.

I'm not looking to a mirror all the time.

Yeah, that's true.

Just this morning when I realized I'm too old to be dressed like this.

I mean, you're wearing a hoodie, a trucker hat.

And you are, as far as I know, you're...

Guess my age.

You're not from the greatest generation necessarily.

Why am I Alimony Tony, all of a sudden?

Hey, hey, hey, hey, hello.

Did someone call my name?

Alimony Tony, someone's impersonating you.

Oh, hi, a new pastor.

Oh, hello.

This has never happened before.

No, not to me.

You know, witches of witches versus the real Alimony Tony.

What does my hat say?

Scott, don't shoot me.

I'm the real Alimony Tony.

Put down that gun.

Why did you mention your favorite television show?

Shoot him, I'm the real Alimony Tony.

Extra cheese.

Double cheese.

Wait a second.

I don't, I'm lactose intolerant.

So clearly I'm the real Alimony Tony.

I don't know, I'm just going to shoot both of you.

No, oh, ow, god damn it.

I'll be in the lobby.

Which one of you is bleeding green?

Do I turn this up or down?

All right, so yeah.

John Hodgman is here, one of our favorite guests.

Hello.

Hello, I'll be back later, hello.

To pick me up?

Yes, of course.

The Simpsons?

That's right.

It's so good to see you, John.

You're one of our favorite guests.

And as far as I know, you have nothing to promote.

Is that correct?

You're one of my favorite hosts.

Well, I have only the same things to promote all the time.

A lot of people come on this show and they're like, ah, I want to come on a certain week because I got this thing I got to talk about.

No, here's the thing.

Let me, I'm in town.

Yeah.

I was in town for a wedding and I was missing you.

Did you get married?

What's that?

Did you get married?

I, well, don't, well, I love paying alimony.

Of course, it'd be your alimony, Tony.

Please don't tell my wife.

Yes, I got married again.

Wow, wouldn't that, have you ever met anyone who had a secret family?

I am a person with a secret family.

You are?

Yes, I am.

Have you met anyone else is what I guess what I'm.

Well, we don't travel in circles.

Really, so the people who have secret families, there's not some sort of like message board to connect, to talk about the issues of like, oh, I tried to hide it this way.

Kind of got secret in the name.

That's a good point.

The first rule of secret families.

My secret family is a lovely couple that lives here in Los Angeles.

Okay, no wonder you're here all the time.

That I stay with when I used to have work here.

And I began spending more time with this family, this lovely young childless couple.

Did it start as a roommate situation and then just.

They were friends and I was tired of spending money.

So I thought I would stay with friends.

That money man, like you get a bunch of it.

Yeah.

And then suddenly you're like, oh, I gotta give some of it to this person.

Some of it to this person.

Tell me about it.

Yeah.

How am I gonna tell you?

Are you listening in the honey?

No, no, I'm reading a magazine.

May I just say the new studios here are lovely, but need some work and sound.

Exactly, little insulation problems.

John Hodgman, you know him from such things as his own podcast.

The Judge John Hodgman podcast.

Available weekly.

Judge Sean Hoffman podcast.

The Han Judgeman podcast.

The Hanshott Fersman podcast.

The Who's on First podcast.

Who's on First?

Like why was that ever a thing?

Oh.

You know, because like who's on first and what's.

What's on.

Like these are not names.

Second.

No, of course.

You know what I mean?

It's like, how did this become a thing where people were confused like, oh, that's so funny that he's confused by what?

Right.

In vaudeville times people were dumb in vaudeville times.

Right.

And also they loved.

I think they appreciated the craft of it.

The word play, if you will.

It's not even word play though, because these are not names.

Who could be construed as a name?

Right.

But what?

What?

Second base.

What'd you say?

Second base, that's right.

What'd you say?

Yes, exactly.

And who's on third base?

No, I don't know.

Oh, I don't know.

See that's the third base.

I don't know what's on third base.

I don't know.

That should be updated.

Exactly.

Naturally.

Home run.

That's exactly right.

Grand rule double.

Field goal.

Judge Sean Hoffman is here.

Yes.

And you say you're in town for a wedding.

I was in town to see a friend get married.

And then I came back to visit my secret family.

You did watch this friend get married?

I witnessed it.

You saw it with your own two eyes.

I made it legal.

The very act of you witnessing it made it legal.

Did you sign any sort of documents or?

I signed a thing at the hotel authorizing a pre-authorization.

Credit cards?

Credit cards.

Okay.

That counts.

And that makes it a legal wedding.

No, it's a friend.

I was not officiating.

No.

You have officiated weddings previously.

I officiated a wedding for my friends Jean Grey and Quele Chris.

Okay, and was that the only one that you've ever done?

That's the only one, because you know as Judge John Hodgman, my podcast that comes out weekly on michiganfund.org, lots of people, because I'm a fake internet judge, fans of the show, and there are a few, will, who are getting married, will sometimes say, will you preside at our wedding?

And I say, absolutely not.

You're an A, I'm not working for free for you, and B, your wedding is not a joke.

Right, and were they to pay you and treat it seriously, would you be in the market for that?

Well then someone, I said that once on the podcast as well, and then someone wrote in and said, I wasn't joking when I asked you, and I can pay you some money.

Some money.

Anytime anyone says I can pay you some money.

I think it was a fairly generous offer.

Pay me all the money.

Right.

But I still- All everything you have.

I still decided not to do it, because there were strangers.

There were strangers to you.

It could be a honey trap.

For a third family.

It could be a murder plan.

That's true.

I also think I've done it once myself.

Not for strangers, true.

No, no, no, for two of my best friends, and I don't think that, and I was talking to their parents the other day, and they were wondering if I would ever do another one, and I was saying, I don't know that I would ever do another one, because I'm not close to anyone else who's not married.

Yeah.

You know, I'm not that close, as close as I am to them.

It feels strange to do it just for some rando, or for someone who's just an acquaintance.

Or even, and especially if it's a close friend, it's heavy.

It's a heavy- It was a lot of responsibility.

And I'm very lazy.

What did you do to prepare?

I can tell you what I did, and let's compare and contrast.

I interviewed them.

I got all the details.

Compare.

Okay, compare.

No, no, I'm saying- It's comparable?

No, that's a compare, not a contrast.

I did the same, compare.

You did the same, okay, got it.

Okay, I filled in all the details.

You know how when you get to know someone, and someone's dating someone, you kind of get the details over time, they'll fill you in, but you don't sit down and really hear their whole story as told from the beginning to the end.

You kind of get it piecemeal, is what I'm trying to say.

You do that as an officiant.

As an officiant, you want to- You have to sit them down, and you gotta get the story of the relationship.

You want to tell the story of their love.

Right, compare.

Compare.

I kissed them both upon the forehead.

Compare.

And then upon the tip of their penises.

Contrast.

When I go to the wedding, I want to sit and watch the show.

I don't want to be the show.

You don't want to be the show.

When you go to a concert, are you ever hoping they call you on stage?

No, that time has passed.

Have you ever been called upon stage during a concert?

During a concert?

And just asked to strap on a guitar?

Oh, you know what happened?

I was in the front row of that Bruce Springsteen concert, and he called me up to dance.

Wait a minute, are you Courtney Cox?

I am.

Okay, I think John has a disease where he thinks he's Courtney Cox.

Hey, can I ask how many seasons of Friends you starred in?

All of them.

God damn it, he's got it.

Trying to trip him up.

Maybe I can ask you- I've been in a lot of alimony.

I can ask you because in a previous episode, I asked these questions thinking they had no answer, but did you, apparently fans have alerted to me to the fact that these were all answered on the show, so I'll ask you.

By the way, very, very confusing setup, but I'm with you.

Did you have the apartment first, and then you met Chandler and Joey and became friends with them, or did they move into the same building across the hall from you because you guys were already friends?

Well, you know, originally my, I'm not the character, you understand?

Yes, but you've said all the lines, so you must know- I'm Courtney Cox.

Yeah, you must know so much about it.

Monica Geller.

Sure, no, I know that.

So you know, I've had a career since, you know, Cougar Town, all right?

Okay, yeah.

I'll ask Cougar Town questions as well.

It was not my apartment, it was a set.

I just wanted you to understand.

Sure, but in the narrative of the show- In the Friendsiverse?

Yeah, the Franziverse.

All right, now we can talk.

Okay, great.

So originally I lived there with Phoebe Buffay.

You did, okay.

Yeah, oh yeah.

I didn't know Phoebe lived in that apartment.

Every one of the friends lived in the apartment at one point or another.

Really?

Except for Ross.

Because Chandler and Joey, they swapped apartments.

Okay, so you lived with Phoebe there first?

Yeah.

Then what happened?

Then she moved out.

Okay.

And then I was looking for a roommate.

Okay.

And then my old friend from high school.

Who's that?

Jennifer Aniston's character.

That's the detail you don't know?

Rachel, they named a haircut after her.

I thought she was named after the haircut.

Okay, I'm not sure which happened first.

That's another question that I don't know.

Which happened first, the haircut or the baby?

Well, that's another unanswerable question.

Right.

Then Rachel came in, I guess, her name is.

Yeah, but she came in after her wedding and they- She ran from the altar and was looking for a place to live.

Yeah, yeah, but we haven't gotten to the question, which is- Who lived there first?

No, not who lived there first.

Third base.

Did you?

All right, I'll never know.

John, you're one of America's great raconteurs.

Oh, thank you very much.

We've talked about your book.

Vacationland.

Vacationland, I wanted to say Adventureland, but it's Vacationland.

No, Adventureland is a movie by- Greg Mottola.

Greg Mottola, thank you, Greg.

Greg is someone I know and now I feel really bad.

Hi, Greg.

And it's a wonderful book.

I know you're not here to plug anything, but I love the book so much.

Thank you.

And as a matter of fact, as I was walking in to this very studio, a person who's doing another show, I asked me who was on the show.

A lot is going on here.

A lot's going on here.

A hub of some serious media activity.

They asked me who was on the show and I said, John, and she said to me, have you ever read his book Vacationland?

It's so wonderful.

And I said, well, I read it as well and I thought the same thing and we agreed.

Great, let me ask you some trivia questions about my book Vacationland.

Uh-oh.

Now bear in mind, I read this Labor Day of 2017.

That has come out in paperback since it's available now.

Vacationland available in paperback.

Ask me these questions.

No, I don't have any.

You have some sort of a canoe, I remember that.

And you bought it at an auction.

Well, see, you know plenty.

Sure, that's all you need to know.

If you want to find out what the real story is, check out Vacationland.

Thank you very much.

Is there a chapter where you believe you're a Courteney Cox-ident and you just tell stories about David Arquette?

I'm working on a new book now and I think half of it will be my memories of working on Friends.

You turned in your book to your publisher and it was all just fake Courteney Cox memoir chapters.

I have a feeling they'd be very pleased.

Just to get anything.

Yeah, well, that's true.

John, anything else we can talk about before we bring in our guest?

Well, I'm just really glad to be here.

As you say, I have nothing to plug.

I was in town for a wedding.

I wanted to see my secret family.

You want to plug that wedding at all?

You want to plug the idea of marriage?

The past.

Everybody, take it seriously.

Don't hire a podcaster to do it.

You've taken it very seriously.

You've been married for what?

If I had to guess.

Okay, well, this is great.

Okay, this ties into the guessing your age.

Sure.

Do you want a hint?

Yeah, give me one hint.

I'm 47 years old.

Okay, so if you say you're 47, you're a known liar.

That's right.

I'm a vampire.

You're also a vampire.

You're 365 years old.

Vampires can't tell the truth.

As many years as there are days in a year.

That's right.

Do vampires celebrate the 365 birth?

Thank you for drawing out this question because I'm working very hard to remember the answer.

As to how old you are or how many years you've been married?

I believe this is 2018, correct?

It's 2019.

Oh, hang on.

Let me go back to my spreadsheet.

Do you know what month you got married in?

I'm always fascinated by people who get married in like December or January or one of those months.

September.

September, everyone gets married in September.

I got married in September.

What day?

The 11th.

No, no, sorry, sorry, 13th.

Also me.

Did you get married on September 11th?

No, September 25th.

25th, okay.

And in the year 1999.

1999, that is the- This will be our 20th anniversary.

20th anniversary, congratulations.

Thank you very much and good guess, by the way.

I did not guess, you just merely told me.

Well, I don't remember.

That said, you are a liar.

I don't remember how things go.

That's wonderful.

Thank you very much.

What is the 20th anniversary?

You know how like when your parents are off- Jello.

Yeah.

Jello.

Just jello.

Jello and jello salads, that's the gift for the 20th.

Is that because Bill Cosby was married to Camille for- I don't know who you're talking about.

Have we stricken him from the record?

Who?

First guest.

Third base.

All right, let's go do our first guest.

And when I say first guest, I mean because you are a guest of honor and not really a guest, more of a- Yeah, because I have nothing to plug.

I get it.

I'm a deadbeat who just came to a podcast for no goddamn reason.

Oh, what's this?

No, my baby moo moo.

Excuse me, who are you?

It's me, Alomone Otono.

Okay, you were in shadow there.

I was doing my warmups.

Oh, okay.

Why are you warming up?

Well, because I'm going to be a guest on your show.

Oh, you are?

Yeah.

Alomone Otono, you're gonna be a guest on the show?

That's correct.

Okay, he- Wasn't there another guest scheduled?

What happened to that?

I didn't see anyone out there.

I didn't see anyone out there in the lobby.

We have the odds and ends men coming up, but you know him from the catchphrase at the top of today's show.

Please welcome Alomone Otono.

Hello everyone.

Scott, thank you very much for using my catchphrase.

It's my pleasure when it's that good.

It's difficult not to use.

Thank you very much.

I appreciate that.

What do you do?

Are you, other than you're independently wealthy, you're the son of, in the gaseous paper- The heir to the gaseous paper of fortune.

Do you do anything yourself other than write catchphrases or?

I'm a bit of a weird Al.

I don't know quite what that means.

You write parody songs?

Yes, I'd write parody songs.

Okay.

Are you, you're certainly not as successful- Here's one, here's one.

Because I was listening to your guest, Mr. Huntsman talking about himself.

He's a liar, a vampire.

He's an old town crier.

That's from- It's like, I'm a joker, I'm a toker.

Yes, the Steve Miller man song, the joker.

Right?

Some people call him Maurice.

Who, the joker?

Yeah, some people call the joker Maurice.

Why do they do that?

That is canon in the Batman universe.

No one really- It's canon in the DCU.

Some people refer to the joker as Maurice.

It's mostly on the Gotham police scanners.

Okay.

Check out Maurice.

They don't want to tip off.

We got a report of Maurice.

He's pouring laughing gas into the bank.

That would tip off, I think.

Heads up, the smoker is there.

So you do this for a living, or have you ever- One out of 12, we have a midnight toker, and the gold depository, I don't know.

What are some other places where they keep valuable things?

There are so many places in Gotham to rob.

Isn't that strange?

Like everyone's just keeping valuable stuff in all of these buildings in Gotham.

What do you think the joker's overhead was?

Because he certainly had a lot of stuff.

He had a lot of employees as well.

Yeah, staff.

A lot of henchmen.

That he would then turn into, they would have garish smiles.

You know what, this could be naive of me, but I always assume the henchmen did it for the love.

Like unpaid interns.

They had other jobs, but they were henchmen.

They do it for exposure?

They believed, well, they believed in the joker's cause, for exposure, that's funny.

They were gonna unionize henchmen.

Exposure to the joker's cause, of course.

That's right.

Because they like to laugh.

Just like myself and the listeners of this program.

Also, did the joker have to kill the people?

Because being incapacitated by laughter is, It's torturous in and of itself.

Well, you've already taken care of it.

Like people can't do anything, they're laughing.

And it's also, I think, not to tell the joker how to do a job, I think it's funnier.

It's interesting to me, the joker, he kills people, which is like the least funny thing you can do, but he finds it funny.

He finds it hilarious.

Which is very twisted.

I mean, maybe that's the ironic part of the whole joker lore.

Well, if he just made people laugh, he would be a clown.

Okay, but being, yeah.

But what are you saying?

You're saying that maybe he could be robbing banks by doing who's on first to distract the guards, which is incredible language.

So he does who's on first to distract the guards, and then what?

His henchmen go in there and slip into the vault?

Here's another thing about the joker.

He's called the joker, but he's dressed like a clown.

I mean, clowns don't do jokes.

I mean, he has a face sort of like the joker on the playing cards.

Is that what he's supposed to dress like you think?

He's supposed to have the hats with the three bells on it?

Like a jester.

Like a motley.

A jester's motley.

Yes, exactly.

Motley, is that what?

Yes, that's right.

That's the outfit of the jester.

I'll defer to alimony.

The jester's motley.

I'll defer to alimony.

Does anyone ever call you Weird Alimony Tony?

I wish they would.

But no one does.

I wish they would call me Weird-a-moni-alimony Tony.

Well, I will.

Weird-a-moni-alimony Tony.

Oh, I like the sound of that.

I like seeing it on a marquee.

Tell us about some of your other hits, or your other at least parodies, if they're not hits.

Well, they're not hits.

No one knows that I do this.

It's a real shame.

Is this your debut?

Well, I've put them on YouTube.

Public debut.

Oh, really?

Yes.

What would be a private debut?

I guess doing it around the house for yourself.

Or even your loved ones.

Oh, so many loved ones.

Oh, seven.

Do you know, I've been married in seven of the 12 months.

Oh.

OK.

Each ex-wife I married in a different month of the year.

Which ones have you not been married in?

I have not been married in January.

OK.

December.

OK.

October.

All right.

July.

OK.

Uh-huh.

One more.

May.

Right.

May.

Oh.

May.

Wow.

Do you hope to get married in every month?

Is that something that you discuss with your wife?

That is what I want to do.

And of course, you know, when you're getting married, you say to your prospective wife, I'd like to get married in this month.

And she says, well, I always hope for this month.

And then you can bring out the big guns and say, well, another wife I married, we got married in that month.

I want this to be special.

So you're not telling them, I hope to get married in every month, because I would think the next four of your wives would know that the marriage would be over soon.

Well, there you have it.

I made that mistake once and only once.

May I ask a question now, Elle Money Tony?

Of course you may.

I've been married for a certain number of years that I already forget.

And it's been a while.

It's been a while.

In my secret family, I am the son of the secret family.

I'm not the husband in the secret family.

Right.

So it's been a while since I've been on the market.

Oh, wow.

I have this independently wealthy novelty songwriter, without a particular audience, find a future wife.

Well, you've got to put yourself out there.

OK.

And a lot of times, I find that I take the advice of a movie I once saw, and I meet women in the supermarket.

Which movie was that?

It was Barry Levinson's Tin Men.

Oh, Tin Men.

And what I will do is I'll go up and down the aisles looking lonely and sad.

That's very attractive to women.

Yeah.

Someone who is lonely and sad.

Well, to a certain type of woman.

Well, that's true.

There's a certain vulnerable type.

There's someone out there for everyone, and I found seven of those.

You're hoping for the full dozen.

Yes, from your lips to God's ears.

And then if you get five more, you'll be paying $60 more a thousand dollars a month or so.

Unless I can restructure this alimony deal.

Right.

Because now we're talking, this is going to cause a dent.

How much money do you have in the bank?

Let's see.

In the bank, I have.

Do you keep some in the bank and some in the gold depository?

I have money.

You better watch out for the smoker.

I have money.

Bo-weep-ba-wow.

I have money in several different places and, of course, in several different investments.

Not all of it is liquid.

Some of it is gaseous.

I have gaseous money that's floating all around us as we speak.

That money I keep with me at all times.

That's my mad money.

It's in the cloud.

Precious chemicals?

I love precious chemicals.

Liquid gold.

I love it.

Of course, I have a safe deposit box at the bank.

Of course.

Where I keep a lot of jewels, gold bars, gold nuggets, gold ingots.

So were you to liquidate all of your assets, how much money do you think that we're talking in cash?

US dollars?

Probably north of a trillion dollars.

A trillion dollars?

So no wonder giving away a million dollars a year.

Who cares?

Will you marry me and then divorce me and give me alimony?

Can I preside over the ceremony?

Because I feel like you are my really good friend to this point.

Scott, marriage is very serious.

It's not a joke.

That's right, it is.

Can I interview you about your love first?

You can kiss me on my forehead, but not the other place.

I wish that I could, John, but I have to marry for love.

I have to marry for love, even though I know I will eventually get divorced.

What are you looking for in a partner?

Oh, I like a lady with brown hair.

I thought you said you were marrying for love.

You're just into it for the brown hair?

I love brown hair.

Wait a minute, Scott.

That's just one criterion.

Thank you.

He's beginning a list.

Would you like to hear the criterion collection?

Of course.

Criteria?

It's not all going to necessarily be superficial.

Why isn't the criterion collection called criteria?

Criteria, exactly.

Ridiculous.

Anyway, brown hair number one with a bullet.

I like a lady with a bullet.

Way down below.

And a steep drop off the top.

Number two is a sense of humor.

When you say a sense of humor, everyone has a sense of humor, but it's their own particular sense of humor.

Do you mean one like yours?

Yes, exactly.

Where I say things and they laugh at it, we both agree.

That's funny.

Someone who loves popular songs reworked with new words.

OK, so far you've mentioned someone's physical attributes and two things that they like about you.

One of my favorite things about you.

What do you like about you?

I love my curvy wife guy?

Come on.

I just said brown hair.

That's not that big a deal.

What's number four, her being curvy?

I don't mind it.

I don't mind a gal with a little meat on her bones.

I don't mind a gal who has very thick bones.

Thick bones and then not a lot of meat?

One or the other.

Either very thin bones with a ton of meat, or very stringy meat with super thick bones.

You just like a certain shape.

However it gets there, doesn't matter to you.

Exactly.

Well, because I bought my wife's clothing.

OK.

That's very nice of you.

I keep a closet because there's nothing like it when you bring a lady home.

And you say, I've got to have a whole closet of clothing for you.

Try it on, huh?

Try it on.

Well, she has to fit the clothes because when we get divorced, I keep the clothes at the house.

Right.

Is that in the prenup?

Do you ever sign a prenup?

I always sign a prenup.

OK.

Always sign a prenup.

And part of this prenup is I'm going to give you?

I'm definitely going to give you money.

$12,000 a month?

Oh, yes.

The prenup is very brief.

It simply states, should we get divorced, you will get $12,000 a month.

And I got to keep those clothes.

I got to keep those clothes.

Got to keep those clothes.

Is it worded like that?

I got to keep those clothes?

It's an asterisk.

There's a lot of legal mumbo jumbo at the bottom.

I got to get those clothes.

Has the wardrobe evolved and been added to since wife won?

Or is it just wife won this wardrobe?

What year was the first?

It's updated as the fashions change.

So you throw some out?

Well, I can't bear to do that.

It expands.

I treat them like the American flag and I burn them.

Once they are no longer fit for service, I have a ceremony where I burn them, I play a bugle.

And I burn them on top of the oven.

So you play the bugle as well.

So you are a musician.

I play one song at the bugle that is taps.

Oh, beautiful song.

Did you?

It's a beautiful song.

Have you ever written funny lyrics for taps?

Of course I have.

Let's hear some.

Burning clothes, burning clothes.

There it goes.

All the clothes, smoke in my nose.

I'm divorced.

And now I'm forced to burning clothes.

Burning clothes, burning clothes.

So you know the song?

Yes.

A big fan, I didn't know where that came from.

I saw it on YouTube.

Well, that explains the one view.

Well, two, I watched it.

I don't know how I came across it, what led me there.

I got down into a YouTube hole.

Were you searching song parodies?

I may have been.

You just typed the words song parodies into YouTube?

And then you looked at every single listing and got down to mine.

I did not look up the word weirdimony, though.

So I didn't get to it there.

I'd like people to look up the word weirdimony.

Weirdimony, alimony, Tony.

Weirdimony, alimony, Tony, that's me.

So when was your first wife?

What year?

When was your first wife?

When did you get married to your first wife?

You know what I mean.

1998.

So you had a very brief marriage.

It only lasted a year.

Then I think she married someone else.

She did.

Who is this?

What was her name?

Her name was Catherine.

Catherine?

Wait, what?

Yeah.

What's that?

Nothing.

It's just that happens to be my wife's name.

Oh.

When did you get married?

September 25, 1999.

Oh, that's very interesting.

And she has brown hair.

Can I ask you a question, John?

Does he have big bones with a little bit of meat, or does he have tiny bones with a lot of meat?

This is how all women can be described, one or the other.

It's strange.

I don't think about women that way.

So you couldn't even hazard a guess publicly.

I have not seen a cross section of her body.

OK.

You've got to see that cross section of her body.

In year 20, you've got to get there.

I wish that that was a thing that you couldn't see before you get involved with someone.

Did you see a cross section of their body?

That's the 21st anniversary present, actually.

Each member of the marriage gives each other a full body scan, MRI.

One time I tried to marry a Chinese prisoner, because I was hoping I could get to see a cross section of her body.

What was your wife's maiden name, if I may ask?

And did she change it to Hodgman?

No and no.

I may not ask the former, and she did not change it to Hodgman?

Correct.

So you could try guessing again.

You're a good guesser.

I've ruled out one.

Which one?

Hodgman.

OK, is it Hodgewoman?

How did you do that?

Now this is strange.

Oh my goodness.

Because I was married to a woman named Catherine Hodgewoman.

Catherine Hodgewoman was your previous first wife.

This is too much of a coincidence.

I'm speechless.

As am I, although I'm talking.

All of a sudden I realize that my wife gets $12,000 a month.

Just walking around money?

I have no knowledge of.

She hasn't shared it with you?

That's right.

Wait a second.

I'm remembering now all those checks coming back to me, unopened, returned to sender.

Address unknown?

She wanted nothing to do with me after we got divorced.

Well, I love my wife very much, but that was dumb.

Your curvy wife?

I want that money.

I'm sorry, John.

The die is cast.

Catherine said no.

She doesn't want the money.

Hang on.

I'm going to text her.

OK, sure.

Do you mind if I send her a picture of you?

I don't mind at all.

I love having my picture taken.

Oh, wow.

You're really posing.

Alimony Tony.

Hitting all those angles.

Damn.

That's what it's about.

It's about tiny micro adjustments.

That's the key to getting your picture taken and getting it over with.

Dear Kath, were you married to this man by any chance?

Also, we need eggs.

She probably would only know me as Tony.

I didn't say your name.

Wait, she wouldn't know you by picture, by sight?

What?

He sent a picture.

Yeah.

She would only know Tony?

She would only know Tony.

Did you disguise your face?

Yeah, we got married in the dark.

And we lived in the dark for a year.

Is it one of those dark restaurants that you guys do?

Yes, exactly.

I thought, that's the way to live.

The greatest first blind date.

Exactly.

That was our first date.

Almost literally blind.

That was our first date in 1998.

We went to one of those completely dark restaurants.

Right.

And he said, let's keep this going.

We had such a wonderful time.

I said, why should we tamper with this?

I never want to find out if your hair is brown or not.

If this is true for all your wives, really the color of the hair really is immaterial.

No, that was just the one.

I don't do the same thing.

I don't live with all these women in the dark.

Oh, no, of course not.

You don't do the same thing among your seven wives.

You just make them wear the same clothes.

Each of my relationships is unique.

John, have you gotten a text back?

No, because I put my phone on airplane mode because I respect the studio.

Oh, OK.

We're never going to get an answer.

Put my phone on airplane mode, doo-dah, doo-dah.

That was your other one that I went to.

Oh, you saw that one too?

Yeah, I'm the second view.

Wow.

Well, uh.

I can't send a text.

I can't get emails.

I put my phone on airplane mode.

Now I'm going to cry.

I just took it off airplane.

A lot of your songs end with, now I'm going to cry.

Most of them do, yes.

I think it's a funny punchline, and you don't see it coming.

Although the more videos that you watch, you kind of do see it coming.

It's very repetitive.

If you watch the entire playlist, yes.

You will see.

But then it becomes that comedy of, oh, he does it every time.

Oh, it's so many times.

And then I'll put one in there where I don't do it, and then you're like, OK.

Oh, he's done with it now.

And then I do it again.

So funny.

Exactly.

I just took my phone off of airplane mode.

OK.

And oh my gosh, I'm getting a lot of texts that have been stacked up.

Really?

Oh, wow.

It's really blowing up here.

Wow.

It's not true.

I just want to seem popular.

But no, Catherine wrote back.

And she said, I'm really not sure.

Hang on.

I got to write back to her.

Sure.

Oh, that's our short stuff.

Send.

Classic comedy.

Now that's a joke a clown could love.

Well, sorry.

A weird ammonia alimony, Tony.

Oh, you can call the alimony, Tony.

That's fine.

We have to take a break.

Do you want to stick around?

I'd love to stick around.

I'm having a wonderful time.

I listen to the show, obviously, because it's submitted to Catchphrase.

Oh, OK.

Yeah, that's true.

We also have an odds and ends man coming up.

Oh, this is exciting.

I love your open door policy.

Never been on the show before.

And hopefully we'll get a little more information from Catherine.

We'll be right back with more comedy bang bang after this.

Comedy bang bang.

We're back here with our good friend John Hodgman.

His podcast is out there.

Much like the truth in the X-Files, you can get it somewhere.

We also have weird ammonia alimony Tony is with us.

Do you know the alphabet?

I can teach you.

Yes, I bet.

And then I do a comical thing where I put the letters in the wrong order.

And I run out of time because the song ends at a certain point before I could get out.

That seems like the funny part.

I don't know why you sang the first part.

Oh, well, I wanted to give people a flavor for it.

OK.

See my YouTube channel.

Listen.

What is the channel, by the way?

How do people get to it?

Because you said you wish people called you weird ammonia alimony Tony.

Yes.

The channel is entitled Please I Beg of You Call Me Weird-A-Mony Alimony Tony.

These are my YouTube videos of songs that I've put funny words to.

OK.

And you own this.

Surely no one out there listening will be able to.

Well, here's what I think the problem is, is that it's all one word.

And it's so easy to get one letter off, to forget a word.

That's the whole internet, you know?

That's the whole internet.

That's why these things like Google, it's easy.

Google, it's easy.

Hey, you sound like you used to sound.

Clear your throat again.

Google, it's easy.

All right.

Well, we need to get to our next guest.

Please.

I've been hyping him up here for a dog's age here.

But he is, of course, an odds and ends man, which I don't exactly know what that is.

But welcome to the show Rupert Sharp.

Hello.

Hey, Scott.

Fellas, thanks so much.

Love to be on the show.

Boy, oh boy, what a thrill.

It's our thrill.

This is Jon Hodgman.

Hey, how are you?

I'm a fan of your podcast.

Oh, thank you.

The Judge Jon Hoffman podcast.

Oh, no.

That one I don't know.

Maybe it's not you that I'm listening to.

There's some podcasts I like.

But you seem like a good guy.

And I'm glad to meet you.

Does he ask to lock the gates at the beginning of this?

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

OK, that's not Jon.

I feel like I know a lot about you, by the way.

And you're tasting guitar riffs.

Oh, yeah.

Right.

That's my side hustle.

If you're the man I'm thinking of, anyway.

That's my side hustle.

This is Weirdimony Alimony.

Tony.

Oh, yes.

Weirdimony Alimony?

Yes.

Oh, what a iambic name?

I don't know the names of the different poetic people.

It's a pretty iambic name.

Sure.

You could just call me Alimony Tony if that's easy.

Hey, that's the kind of guy I like.

Casual.

No errors about you.

I like people that don't.

You like casual people?

Love casual.

I hate formality.

Do you guys like people with nicknames?

Sure, I love it.

Because those people, they tend to be relaxed.

Yeah.

Too many people get offended in this country these days.

Oh.

Thin skinned.

You don't like this whole PC culture?

You know, a lot about the modern age bothers me.

Oh, a lot about the modern age.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

That's right.

Things are going in the wrong direction.

And I'm no Trump supporter, by the way.

I'm not a political guy.

No one said that.

But you know, I feel like I'm heading down that road by accident.

I don't want to back into it.

Time for a pivot.

Yeah.

Early pivot in my conversation.

Yeah, yeah.

Well, listen, Scott, you were wondering what an odds and endsman is.

Listen, it's a simple thing.

I don't mean to make this obtuse.

I don't like obtuse people.

I do odd jobs from a simple name.

You're a simple man who likes nicknames.

I do like nicknames, yes.

I would call that.

Although that seems like sort of a level upon.

It seems like it's almost simpler to just have your Christian name.

But then to add a nickname makes it less simple.

Sure.

I guess if I had two people, all things equal, and one of them has a, they're both casual, but one has a nickname and one doesn't, I'll go with the non-nickname person.

OK.

But if someone wants to be called Doctor something.

Oh, boy.

Oh, you take the nickname guy.

And then somebody over here is like, just call me Skids.

I'm like, me and Skids are going to get a brew.

See you later, Doctor, whatever.

How did you know my nickname, Scott?

You're a good guesser.

I'm Doctor something.

That's what they call me.

Doctor something.

But are you an official PhD, or is it just a nickname Doctor?

It's an honorary doctor.

You're like Doc.

University of Massachusetts.

I don't know where I fall with you.

You're a real great area of being.

I think we have something in, you say you don't like obtuse people, right?

That's correct, yeah.

Boy, oh, boy.

Oh, give me a break.

I'm not obtusist, but those people are really getting out of hand.

I'm not obtusist either.

Like, just, you know, I'm friends with a couple obtuse people because I went to school them or whatever.

Right, exactly.

But by and large, I don't like people who put on airs.

OK, so heavily established.

You don't like people who put on airs.

Yeah, I don't know why I dug into that so deeply, but this is nice.

Is that not Jermaine to your whole deal?

I wasn't expecting it to be.

Is it Jermajesty to your whole deal?

It's Jermaine's son?

Yeah, Jermaine Jackson's son, Jermajesty, the alternate.

Now, that's a nickname I love.

It's a perfect, it's a great name.

I don't know why more people haven't named their children.

His actual given name is Jermajesty Jackson.

That's the kind of guy, I could go on a road trip with Jermajesty Jackson.

I could hang out with that dude for 24 hours in a row, which is my maximum amount of time.

Like, stay awake all night.

Yeah, give me some notos and I got to talk to Jermajesty.

24 hours and then friendship over.

I've never hung out with somebody long.

Maybe I could go, to me, 24 hours is the termajesty.

I thought you were saying that was the max you would hang out in a day.

Yeah, in a row.

In a day, yeah.

I never thought of it.

Look, for me, 24 hours is like the Mach 1.

You can't break the sound barrier in terms of friendship hanging out.

I can't go longer than 24.

I couldn't imagine it.

Now, is this important to your whole deal?

I don't think so.

Get to what's important.

Yeah, we're far into me talking.

I was gonna say odd jobs, my friends.

Odds and ends, man.

Little things around the house.

That's how I make my living.

If you need a couple of, like, who knows?

You need keys sharpened, maybe, or if you need- Sharpened?

Yeah, you need some keys sharpened.

To what end?

Well, maybe they're not sharp enough for you.

Maybe, like- I don't need them sharp.

Can I tell you something?

Do you have any sharp keys?

I hate dull keys.

Exactly.

I hate them.

Yeah.

As long as they fit in the slot.

Yeah, but have you ever heard of someone who has a self-defense mechanism?

They're walking down the street, they get nervous.

And they hold their keys in between, like, Wolverine?

So they hold their keys in between their knuckles so they have, like, a little mini Wolverine thing going on.

Yeah.

If you got dull keys there, good luck.

Yeah, I guess that's true, but- You want at least one or two sharp keys.

Would they not fit in the lock, though, if they have, like- Oh, they'd be sharp- useless as keys after they- Okay, all right.

That's why you gotta pick and choose.

Don't give me your car key and have that sharp key.

And I'll check.

Is Wolverine supposed to denote a little wolf?

That's interesting.

Is that where the name Wolverine comes from?

Yeah, I guess it is a, like, teeny Wolverine.

Wolverine-y.

Teeny wolf.

It's a slightly larger Wolverine-o.

Wolverine-o.

What's that?

Wolverine-o.

Did you- That's what I meant to say.

Everything all right?

What would a Wolverine- what would a Wolverine- what would a Wolverine-et be?

I guess a female Wolverine.

A small female Wolverine.

Were they backup singers, the Wolver-ettes?

In the 70s?

Yes.

And I think they were great.

Is this important to your deal?

I don't think so, but- Aside from sharpening keys.

I would say after the pips and the supremes, I would like the Wolver-ettes.

You know, I find it's- as a listener to the show, I find it's always tough for the second guest sometimes to get out their whole deal.

That's just as well- Because, well, by that point, there's three other people in the room.

That's right.

I like that you're making excuses for me.

It could just be that my main deal is not germane enough to transcend, which I'm always willing to- Or it's your majesty.

It's not your majesty enough to make it to the surface.

So you are- what you do is you're hired- I'll head into a neighborhood.

I'll wander in.

I'll walk up to a house and I'll say, hey, you got any little things that need done just for a fair wage?

Just a little thing?

A little thingy, key sharpened.

You want your, maybe some hinges tightened.

You want something sanded, perhaps?

You want to get some knives duplicated?

Yeah, you want some knives, you know, hey, is this a good knife?

I'll get it one just like it.

I mean, do you prefer the serratedness of this knife?

Why not have two?

Do you hang any drywall?

Do you- Sure, I'll hang a little drywall.

I'll hang a- I'll put up- I'll paper a room.

You said that so languidly.

Do you hang any drywall?

Hey, don't mess with Doc over here, all right?

Doc.

So you're putting up wallpaper as well?

Yeah, I'll put up some wallpaper if that's what you need.

If that's what you need doing.

Are you an interior decorator?

I don't think so.

If you need furniture arranged in a certain way, maybe you need some upholstery, I'll do that.

That's no problem.

What about fixtures?

Odds and ends.

Sure, I love fixtures.

Or if you want sort of a theme of knick-knack, I can help you decide that.

It really seems to me like you need to get into interior design.

That's not how I see it, because I'll also sharpen those keys.

I'll duplicate your knives.

Don't tell me that's interior decoration.

The only two things that are not interior decorating are the ones that are not interior.

I just, well, hey, I appreciate the feedback and I'll take it into consideration.

What else do I do?

Color schemes?

Suggest knocking down walls?

Sure, yeah, maybe open this room up a little bit.

You know, maybe- Open floor plans?

Let's get an island here in this kitchen, I'll say.

That's a good odds and ends type of thing to do.

Restructure the structure of the house.

Really, I think that your identity shouldn't be odds and ends, man.

It should just be like, you know, a very famous interior design.

Ooh, I need to get back the pretentiousness.

What's a fair wage to you?

Fair wage?

Two bits.

Two bits for all that?

I think I charge for two bits.

Yeah, that's right.

That's, that's, that's four bits?

I forget my bits to coin.

Two bits, two bits is a quarter.

Yeah, so four bits is a 50 cents.

A sawbuck is- Buck 50?

No, I think that's $10.

Sawbuck is, yeah, I believe it's $10 or $5.

One of the two.

Boy, in my family- It's not $5, it's a fin.

That's a $5 fin.

A fin is $5.

I believe a sawbuck is $10.

What do you call, what do you call slap me a couple of fish?

Oh, that's our catcher.

It's real deep in the who's not first sketch.

They get into the slap me a couple of fish.

That's our designated hitter.

Rupert, can I give you some advice?

I would love some.

Were you to go into these, you know, travel around the neighborhoods, wander into a suburb.

Just offer myself peacefully, hands up.

Were you to knock on doors and were you to offer your services as an interior designer, you could charge way more than two bits, four bits, a sawbuck, a fin.

I just don't know the way society's going to be charging, you know, $20,000.

20,000, what would I do with $20,000?

Come on, I'm not- Buy things, we were just talking about it earlier in the show.

Pay someone alimony and a half.

We got there at the same time, that's fun.

I got, look, I don't need that.

I got two sleeping bags and a pickup truck and I am good.

Why do you have two sleeping bags?

Backup, in case it rains.

I keep one tied up nice and dry.

I'll switch to my backup sleeping bag if it rains.

So it's an open flatbed truck and you sleep in the back?

That's right.

Open concept?

It's open in concept and in space.

Rup, you'll forgive me, I want to know.

I love Rup.

Right?

Hey.

Easy, unpretentious.

You say you have two sleeping bags.

That's right.

Is there a lady in your life?

Or a person.

I don't like to kiss and tell, but absolutely.

Well, the fact that he was almost a Trump guy made me think that he was definitely- I'm not almost a Trump guy.

A cisgender straight man.

I was backing into that.

I know you're not.

Accidental Trump guy.

I'm a political guy.

Yeah, yeah, no opinion on politics at all.

♪ Accidental Trump guy, I know, I know ♪ ♪ It's serious ♪ Another one on the playlist.

I've seen that video.

You have seen that?

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

I saw that one at three views.

I can't believe I'm meeting the people that have provided all the views of my page.

And the current husband of your first ex-wife.

Will you still- Oh yeah, that too.

That's also strange.

You called Accidentally Trump Supporter, you still called it Girlfriend in a Coma, so I was looking for that song.

I forgot to change the- You know, because I was thinking Girlfriend in a Coma, this is what the song is, paradise-ing, I forgot to change the name.

Paradise-ing.

Yeah, that's a term of art.

Yeah, I backed into Trump rallies by mistake.

I've gotten in there to do odds and- Wait, you were walking backwards?

I walked backwards, so I didn't see what it was.

I backed my truck in, I get out, I walk backwards.

You were probably on the backside of a piece of furniture that you were walking into the Trump- Sure, I was helping out with replacing some sofas for a friend of mine.

You really should be charging a lot more for this.

I don't think that's necessary.

Why do you have such a simple lifestyle?

Don't you, would you- Oh, that's all you need, Scott.

That's all you need.

I mean, surely when it rains, you would desire a roof.

Yeah, but what about a roof over your head?

Ah, I love the rain.

I love the stars above my- What about a nice split level roof over your head, open concept?

Now you're speaking my language.

Although you can do a lot with just a simple colonial.

Are you allowed to live in a WeWork?

Yeah, absolutely.

I mean, that's always been my opinion.

I'm not sure if I'm the authority, really.

It's more of a legal matter, right?

Yeah, you know, ask for forgiveness and that permission has been my strategy.

Yes, exactly.

Right, yeah.

WeWorks.

Well, how did you get interested in the various odd jobs that you do?

Well, I was a stockbroker.

I owned Goldman Sachs.

Oh, you owned it?

I did.

Well, this is- And I said, this life is not for me.

Wow.

And I walked away from it at the height of my power.

What did you not like about it?

The stress, the- The stress was bad, the greed, the type, the character of the people that you would work with.

Who's worse, Goldman or Sachs?

Well, this is between you and me and the lamppost, but I'd say Sachs by far.

Really?

Yeah, Goldman will stab you in the stomach, Sachs in the back.

That's the difference between those two guys.

Sachs in the back?

Yeah.

Sachs in the back is- Out of the park home run.

I'm bringing Sachs in the back.

Right?

That's a parody of sexy back.

Wait, you're saying, can we back up?

You're saying Sachs in the back is the name of a home run?

Out of the park.

Are he hit?

It's a type of home run?

Yeah, yeah.

One that goes out of the park, you know, over the back of the face.

I hate to destroy a bit that was working well and I'm gonna now ruin it, but like- Well, it was arguable.

We were giving the names of people on the team, but now you're naming just things that happened in the ballpark. Things that get achieved during a game, sports terms.

So like inside the park home run might have the name like Participle or something like that?

Something like that.

Ah, okay.

I like to know the rules of where I'm wondering about.

Inside the park home run, well, that's a hockey goal.

So you, Rup, you left Goldman Sachs at the height of my powers.

And then, but how did you get interested in these odds and ends?

Well, I was like, you know, this isn't working.

This abstract numbers and space and like, we say this is valuable and so now that I say that I own you- Money is just a concept.

It's just a concept.

Give me something I can put my hands on.

Don't say that.

Working with your hands on.

Well, I mean, it's easy to disagree when you have a trillion of them.

Well, but it's also, I love paying money to ex-wives.

That's true.

But you could, you know, Alimony, Tony, if I could give you a suggestion, and it's just a suggestion.

I'm not an expert in your field of whatever it is.

Understood.

But you could be paying them in like hard goods, you know, instead of like Venmo-ing them or however it is.

Yeah, the barter system.

Sharp keys.

Well, it could be cash in a briefcase or it could be some emeralds or it could be some gold bars out of your safe deposit box.

Right.

But I thought you were going down the line of I could be exchanging services.

Oh yeah.

Sure, yeah, you could be doing that too, I guess.

Stranging paintings in their home.

Yeah, you could be straightening paintings or maybe suggesting a- Like a rug.

Do you go down to like art dealers and pick out paintings as well?

Yeah, I usually go down there and I'll negotiate a price and I'll say, this is the kind of art that- You're also an art dealer.

I wouldn't say that.

Hey, that's not the way I put it.

I buy paintings from fellows who work with their hands.

Yeah, that's how art is made.

People do it with their hands.

Do you know Paul Klee?

Sure.

Buddy of mine.

Nice guy, salt of the earth.

It seems to be like you're not that much different of a guy than when you worked at Goldman Sachs when you owned it.

Wow, that hurts.

And you were interested in interior design and art.

No, no, no, no, I'll take that.

I'll take that and reevaluate my life tonight as I cry.

You are wearing a double-breasted suit with a big gold tie.

Sure, but I made this.

But I made this.

Oh really?

In the gold tie I fashioned.

Oh, I see.

Out of gold.

Yeah.

Out of liquid gold.

And so are you paid so little because you, much like alimony- Alimony Tony.

Weirdimony alimony Tony over here.

Are you independently wealthy?

Defined independently wealthy.

How much money would I have to have for you to feel comfortable saying I'm independently wealthy?

That's a good question, Stan.

What do you think?

Like if I had $10,000 in the bank, I don't think you'd say I was independently wealthy.

No, certainly not.

How much do you- Even if I had $100,000, a sizable sum, doc.

No, that's true.

So you wouldn't say that's why he's not independently wealthy because you could run through that.

How much do you have?

Doc, something you could run through 100 grand easy, right?

I did it on the way over.

So- I'm doing it right now.

How much do you have?

Liquid?

Sure.

500 million dollars.

Okay, see?

There's nothing to sneeze at.

Well, I mean, you would sneeze at it maybe.

Because, you know.

I meant for you people.

But I don't touch it.

That's a fraction of what you're- I'm definitely not sneezing.

Are you like Jay Leno?

Yes, in every way.

Do you just survive on your stand up dates?

Not just that, I laugh at headlines and I'm like, I gotta tell somebody.

My main conversation piece is get a load of this idiot.

You ask a bunch of tourists- Just like Jay Leno, yeah.

You ask a bunch of tourists simple questions about history until one dumb person says something?

Yeah, wait till I find an idiot and then we all laugh at them together.

What's the ratio of people who know the answer to not knowing the answer?

One out of every 10,000 people doesn't know the answer.

But we love to laugh at them.

It takes a while.

You find it because they have to look like kind of smart.

You can't feel bad for them.

Of course, of course.

They can't be like a real D minus of a person.

Yeah.

Sometimes comedy is all about putting in the work to humiliate someone.

Thanks, Doc.

It's very true.

It's who wins.

That's how I look at comedy.

Rup, we have to take a break if that's okay.

Hey, of course, I got no, I'm not pressuring anybody.

Sure, I mean, you have nothing to do.

I mean, you have no responsibilities.

Let me ask you something.

What's this room here, you ever think about adding a couple like, I don't know, something, I don't know, a Kandinsky around here?

I mean, maybe.

I was just gonna say the same thing.

I don't know, just some conversation starter, really.

Yeah, could you go find me one?

I got one in my truck.

Okay, how much would I pay you for it?

Two bits, baby.

Two bits and sold.

All right, look, go down to your truck and get it.

When we come back.

How do I work this door?

It's sort of like, you ever see a velociraptor?

Let me, let's get the velociraptor over here.

I don't know, turn it down like this.

Ow!

All right, we're gonna be right back with our comedy bang bang after this.

Push in.

Clever girl.

Comedy bang bang, we are back here with Judge Sean Hoffman, our treasured guest.

How do you do?

Doing something in the house.

We also have Weirdamony Alimony Tony, who is a song paradise.

That's right.

With $1 trillion, were he to liquidate all of his assets.

About $1 trillion.

Sure, yeah, it's hard to estimate.

And then we have the similarly rich and yet with only $500 million, it's a fraction of what Weirdamony Alimony Tony owns.

I'm not ashamed of that.

Nor should you be.

Rup Sharp, AKA Rupar Sharp is here, the former owner of Goldman Sachs who has brought in something during the break.

This is a- Kandinsky.

A Kandinsky, this is beautiful.

Wow, it's gorgeous.

Beautiful.

Yeah, it's modern era, yeah.

Or early modern, it's not post-modern.

This is beautiful.

True.

Modern, yeah.

But I don't quite know what furniture would go with it.

Now this installation, do you need to have this up here, right?

Obviously the sound stuff.

Well, it's really poor right now.

We were hoping to add more cause you can hear all the way into the lobby.

Okay, we think we can kill two birds with one stone.

Oh, okay.

I'll sharpen these keys first off.

Then we'll get rid of this foam here.

We'll put some nice thick Picassos around.

Not as kind stuff cause that's not worth it.

Okay.

Do you know, if I may, may I suggest a Van Gogh or two?

He really liked to slather on that paint.

That's right.

Oh yeah, you want a quiet room?

You want a nice quiet, you want like a nice absorbing tone?

Yeah, someone who had a lot of paint on those bones.

The impressionist, yeah, the impressionist said like, get me going.

Thick bones and a lot of meat on it is how I would call those.

Ooh.

I don't know, are these going to appreciate though in value?

Cause I'm really looking at it as an investment.

I wouldn't think about it that way.

Well, they start, they start depreciating.

Once you take it off the easel, it starts to depreciate right away.

Yeah, I guess so.

Once you put your eyes on it, it loses half of its value.

Well, imagine all the people that have looked at those paintings, disgusting when you think about it.

Well, the only way to enjoy art is to actually put your eyes onto the painting.

Like push your eyeball, like full direct contact.

Give a painting butterfly kisses.

Do I have a painting of butterfly kisses?

No, give a painting butterfly kisses.

I do have a painting.

Do you have a painting of butterfly kisses?

I've dabbled in painting.

You've dabbled in painting?

What, can we see some of your work?

Right here, this is my painting of the famous father daughter dance song, butterfly kisses.

Oh my God, this is beautiful.

Wait, if I'm not mistaken, going by these brush strokes, what you've done is much like, like when they teach an animal how to paint, you've dipped your eyelashes.

Yeah. In paint.

That's right.

And use that as your brush.

I think you gotta be right up against the canvas if you really wanna capture the spirit of what you're thinking.

I was gonna say, you came in here in a suit and you have like various colored eyelashes.

Thank you for noticing.

It's hard not to notice.

I didn't wanna say anything.

It's very striking.

That's so gracious of you.

Yeah, it works.

But I have to say, this is a beautiful painting.

I'm almost moved to tears looking at it.

Please, please, please, don't say that.

I can't take that kind of pretentiousness.

Well, I mean, you're an art dealer who can actually make successful art yourself.

This is a hobby.

My main way of living is- Is he sharpening those keys?

Sharpening keys, duplicating knives, wandering into suburbs and knocking on doors and just saying, hey, can I help out?

You got two bits for a guy?

Do you have any other hobbies?

Any other side hustles?

Is cello a side hustle?

I don't know.

I would- Jobs, jobs, jobs, jobs, jobs.

I would- I would job job.

You guys are really back by your cello.

Isn't cello the 20th anniversary?

Cello, yeah, that's the 20th anniversary for a couple.

You gotta give each other cellos.

I may have misheard earlier.

Or cello shots.

Oh, I love cello shots.

Can you play a little bit of the cello?

Sure.

Oh, you have one right here in your bag.

Hang on, I gotta put it together real quick.

It's a little, it's a three-piecer.

Yeah, okay.

How much would I owe you for this?

Two bits, two bits is easy.

You got two bits?

I have two bits right here.

You're good for it, pal.

Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.

Ah, that's just me warming up.

Oh, I thought that was beautiful.

I just, I like to get my- All of a sudden I felt like I was on public radio.

Yeah, and now I'll actually play the cello.

Sorry.

I just like to have my vocal cords warmed up.

Sure, yeah, thank you for sure.

Oh, you were making the noise with your mouth.

Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.

I definitely thought that was the cello.

Oh, no, no, no.

You were making the music with your mouth?

Much like Biz Markie?

Yeah, he's right here.

Are you a Chella Ventriloquist?

Cheltrilaquist?

A Cheltrilaquist, Bismarckshy Twshildtriloquist?

Or a Vencelliquist.

I like to think I'm both.

Vencelliquist.

Vencelliquist is the term that we're talking about.

That's an elegant portmanteau.

I hate clumsy ones.

Oh, there's nothing worse.

All right.

I think I got what you need right over here.

Karlifer.

Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.

I don't know. Is that something?

Oh, that was beautiful.

Let me flip two bits at you.

Much like Two-Face.

I will also donate two bits to you.

Ooh, hey, I'll take that pal.

I don't have any cash.

No problem, Doc something.

We're buds. You're good for it.

Oh my gosh, that's amazing.

Next time I see you down at Leo's.

So you're an art loving interior decorator who also plays the cello.

I'm an odds and endsman.

That's that's all you got to know.

Wow.

I mean, but you don't like anyone who's fancy.

I can't stand them.

That's trouble.

Yeah.

That's trouble.

You get someone you get someone who's got errors about them.

They're going to stab you in the back or the front or the side.

Are you interested in obviously you're very interested in the humanities, it seems like.

Obviously.

I mean, I wouldn't say that.

I just say I like helping out around the house by playing cello concertos.

If somebody's if there's a beast who needs soothing, you know, maybe an unruly child that you need to like on a primal level, get them to like go to sleep.

Yeah.

I help out around the house that way, you know, domestic dispute where you've lost that spark and that flame and you need some the magic of music to just get you back in touch with your emotional self.

So when couples are fighting, you come over and play the cello.

Like, hey, let me see if this helps.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

And we'll just this might help you with your, you know, your ex wife.

Why I never play music around the house.

Yeah, you because you want it to end.

You don't allow music.

That is you.

You know, you are a musician.

My not allowing music to be played in the house is I'm going to say it's led to almost 100 percent of my divorces.

No music in the house and you write parody songs.

Yes.

It's just for me.

I get to go to my studio and I get to do my yes, my studio.

And I get to do my parodies.

But I forbid music being played in the house.

You have a studio in your home at most times and most times.

When do you not?

I have a studio for painting, not a music studio.

Sure.

Right.

A painting studio in the truck.

Yeah.

Where do you live?

In my truck.

You live in the passenger seat.

Right, right, right, right.

Is your truck parked anywhere like a giant mansion or it's on.

I mean, I don't know if it's a giant mansion.

It is a six bathroom, 10 bedroom house.

Oh, in what city?

Upper West Side.

OK.

Yeah.

Well, right up by the cloisters.

I just park it up there because I like to be near nature.

Do you know, I like to think of the cab of your truck with the.

Thank you for thinking of it.

I like being thought of in any context.

If the passenger seat is your painting studio, I like to think of it all just covered with paint.

And then the other side, the driver's side, completely.

Immaculate.

And it's like the Batman villain two face.

Oh, I just mentioned him not five minutes ago when I flipped my two bits of him.

The Batman.

And the Batman villain two face.

Why not?

Maybe that's why it was in your head.

Why not three face?

He could have been like a Neopolitan ice cream.

Yeah.

One chalk straw.

One good looking side.

Then in the center, like.

Just calmly.

He's OK.

Yeah.

And then the other side.

Oh, he leaves his car.

Load his guy.

Just really like a.

What do you call that on the on that you would know this you're a painter when you know all this, when you do the painting that not a triptych necessarily.

But I beg your pardon.

You know, when you're doing a wall and it goes from like one color down to a darker color, but it blends.

Oh, gradient gradient gradient either.

God damn it.

What does it call?

Maybe, you know, and you're wanting me to say it and no, no, it's a certain.

No, I don't.

It's a certain technique where you.

Trump loyal.

It's not it.

But I just wanted to say Trump.

You just say, hey, are you a Trump guy?

No, no, no.

It seems to me like you want to talk about Trump.

Why are you?

Trust me.

Why are you giving me the OK symbol right now?

No, no, no, no.

That's not what I'm doing.

Why do you have a cartoon frog on your T-shirt?

Hey, that's a coincidence.

I like the composition.

You're wearing a business suit, a cartoon frog T-shirt and you have multicolored eyelashes.

Red baseball cap turned backwards.

We don't know what it says on the front.

Is it a Cleveland Indian?

We're out of season.

It's who's not a fan of Cincinnati Phillies or what?

Turn around.

I'd like to see that.

Why bother?

Who cares?

I'll turn it.

All right.

I'll take that as an answer.

Yeah.

Let's not get distracted.

The cap's just to let people know I'm just a guy.

Do you have anything else you want to talk to us about?

Probably not.

Are you saying did I have other issues that I came in here with to discuss?

I don't know.

I'm wondering how much of this ended up being your deal and how much of it was not your deal.

I can't remember.

I'll tell you what I what I guess.

I'll maybe I'll leave you with a moral.

Oh, OK.

We should all do this.

Yes.

Like, you know, and my morals, by the way, take him or leave him.

Like, I'm not a pushy guy.

Is that the moral?

Take him or leave him?

That's a pre moral moral.

That's a pre moral.

That's a moral for the moral.

The moral for this moral is take it or leave it.

But the actual moral is don't mix traditional with a modern aesthetic because it'll look like shit.

OK, this doesn't sound like a moral.

This is like design advice.

I wouldn't say so.

That's a moral for life.

I think that you should have your own show on HGTV or something.

Yeah, HGTV.

I would never do that.

Why?

Because I because I can't stand to be that kind of guy.

I can't have errors about me.

But I mean, you know, roll into a bar, play a game of darts, maybe help out the guy like a regular guy.

You're wearing a you're wearing a Pepe T-shirt.

You have multicolored eyelashes.

You have five hundred million dollars.

Look, you're wearing you're wearing a suit.

Thank you.

You have a gold tie.

Sure.

A Pepe T-shirt.

Right.

Backwards hat.

You have multicolored eyelashes.

And we have a backwards baseball.

I have opinions on what's on the front side of that hat.

You have opinions, but you haven't seen.

Doc something.

Have you seen the front of my hat?

No, it's like.

Is that why you're always backing into places?

Don't worry about it.

What do you hey, what do you what do you that would be the walk auditor?

Come on.

Oh, we got you there.

Damn it.

Well, look.

All right, John, what's your moral?

Yeah, what's your moral?

Doc something.

Your moral.

You're not ready?

No, I'm not.

I would say the secret secret to a happy marriage.

Hmm.

This is good.

Is listening.

Compromise it over yourself.

King size bed.

Hmm.

And make sure you find someone who was briefly married in total darkness for six months to a year.

So they're used to it.

We there they.

So you look good by comparison.

Right.

What I love about that advice is anybody can follow it.

Anyway, no matter how much money you have in the bank, be it 1 trillion, be it 500 million.

Yeah.

The simplest advice is always the best.

Yeah.

Which itself is good advice.

A little life lesson.

A life lesson for me.

Well, you know, I got to say happy wife.

Duplicate that knife.

Wow.

It's a good one.

You know, because you don't want, you don't want to be knifeless.

You know, when you're chopping up a chopping broccoli is that happy wife duplicated the knife wife, not happy.

That knife is too crappy.

Exactly.

You only have one of the knife.

That's too crappy.

Exactly.

I appreciate that your majesty.

These are to the things I was talking about.

And a weird, weird, weird, my moral.

You can change the words to a song, but that doesn't erase the original song.

That song is still there for you to enjoy.

It sounds like a legal defense.

Like to not get sued.

Can it be both?

Why not?

I wish more court cases ended with morals.

I wish every episode of judge Judy ended with it.

Like her turning to the camera, like Jerry Springer's doing a final thought or something.

We learned today.

Well, the end.

Oh, the end.

Oh, the ends.

You're like Coco Marx.

Coco Marx.

See, you would end every joke by saying the end.

That's right.

Yeah.

Uh, yeah.

So, so that's my moral is, uh, you can still enjoy the original song.

Any, any tampering with it doesn't change your enjoyment of that original song.

Yeah.

I hope our listeners, uh, got a little something out of that for morals from four straight white rich men.

I'm not rich.

I'll only on paper.

I am rich.

Wait, what papers?

The papers of your bank account?

The money paper.

Yeah.

And the deeds of the property that I own.

Now, is that paper solid, liquid or other?

Uh, some of it's gaseous.

Why?

They quit gold.

I can still afford that alimony.

Well guys, we're running out of time here, but, uh, we only have, we really are.

And the only thing that we have left to do here is a little something called plugs.

Shows going on.

And they're so hot.

Got a meeting pod.

Got a team of writers on my staff and they get it like, the L G P L G.

I got a good thing.

An adult show.

So I have seen you with a CBV.

Really?

Let's just have a reasonable conversation.

Never running down my biography.

It seems of all my accomplishments, uh, that was plugged the jewels by revolver.

Said I died at 51 years.

Oh no, I would have a lot more fucking to squeeze in.

Um, guys, what are we plugging?

Uh, let's go to, uh, judge John Hoffman here.

Sure.

Well, uh, strangely enough, uh, I also host a podcast.

That is odd.

And while my name is Han judgment, the podcast is called judge John Hodgman.

Okay.

I get it.

It's available weekly, a maximum fun.

We use that every single week, every single week.

Wow.

And, and are the cases, are they different enough?

Uh, meaning do you get the same cases all the time?

Like this is what my argument is.

Quite honestly, Scott, today, I'm going to hear a case that is identical to the 11th case I ever heard.

And we are now on, I think 370.

And have, have you sort of advanced in your thinking where you may give a different results to the, uh, as a, as a matter of fact, when I realized that we're hearing the same case again, this is the first time it's happened.

I asked our producer to go back to the 11th episode, listen to the verdict that I gave in that dispute, which was how people pronounce their last name, their family name, and see if it don't reveal it to me.

I'm going to hear this case.

And at the end, I'll give my verdict.

We'll see if it compares.

We'll see if I'm a consistent, right.

Or just a fickle.

Or maybe you've evolved in your thinking.

People can change their thinking.

I don't think so.

I had neighbors, by the way, who said their names very differently.

I do not want to say publicly.

Uh, well, that's great.

And anything else out there?

You got a book vacation land, of course.

It's a wonderful read.

Like I said to you in your previous episode, I felt like at the end of it, I knew so much about you.

I felt like I should write you a book about my life.

Well, I have another book due that I'm working on now.

But if you wanted to write it for me, that would be great.

No, no, I don't want to write your book about your life.

I want to write you a book about my life.

Like a book like that.

You would know as much about me as I know about you.

No, thank you.

All right.

Very good.

Uh, Roop.

Hey.

What are you plugging here?

Well, I got nothing to plug for myself, but there's a podcast I listen to that I like very much called Screw It.

We're just going to talk about the Beatles.

Oh, a lot of recent Beatles activity.

What was the White Album reissue?

Oh boy.

Yeah.

There's a lot of news for a band that broke up in 1969.

Paul McCartney reissues as well.

The yeah.

You can reach the wildlife.

Yeah.

Albums that nobody cared about then and now we care about them and he has a new album.

Yeah.

Boy.

So a lot, a lot to talk about on that show.

Yeah.

A lot of new current stuff.

Check it out.

Great.

Anything else that it?

I'll do a screw.

We're just gonna talk about Spider-Man two.

If you're a middle aged, if you're a middle aged, sad media obsessed dude, check out those two podcasts.

Walking through the supermarket.

Yep.

Those that's all I got.

Okay.

Is that, let's talk about Spider-Man two or let's talk about Spider-Man also.

Also.

Yeah.

It's like a, as a second podcast.

So it's not just about Spider-Man two.

Although that might be a more fun podcast.

I could, yeah.

Have you guys seen the movie Spider-Man two?

Yeah.

Spider-Man two.

Spider-Man?

I've seen it.

Yeah.

Spider-Man.

Weird-a-bony?

Well, I'd like to promote my YouTube channel.

Of course.

What's it called again?

Why would I say that?

We don't have time for the whole thing.

Oh, that's too bad.

I'd also like to promote, uh, um, the, this guy, Paul F.

Tompkins has some shows coming up.

Love him.

Oh, that's nice to hear because, uh, I, I think he's very funny.

You know, I'm a fan of the show.

I wish he'd be on more, not just on the best ofs.

That proves my fandom.

I enjoy that.

Um, he is, uh, he's got some shows coming up in this, the new year, uh, Friday, January 25th, you could catch him at the music hall theater in Detroit, Michigan.

I, I, I hate to tell you, but that one is already passed.

Oh, is that so well, you missed it.

Let's talk about shows in the future.

How about this?

This will be Sunday, February, 2017.

Does that, that will be in the clear?

I hope so.

Yeah.

Sunday, February 17th, very definitive and a little bit rude about, well, I definitely know that that is in the, in the past.

Okay.

I don't know whether this one is in the future or the past.

I hope that it is.

Well then why don't I just say, fuck it.

What's the point?

No, but talk about the February 17th.

No, that's fine.

That's fine.

Yeah, that's fine.

You just plug in the idea of Paul F.

Tompkins.

Yes, please.

Out there as an entity.

Check him out.

Will, will he be near you?

Go to Paul F.

Tompkins.com slash live to find out.

He may be right next to you.

What if you, or what if this, this person, I was about to disassemble it anyway.

Um, what if, what if Paul F.

Tompkins just broadcast his location at every point of the day?

Like if you went to his website and there was a GPS and you could just find him.

Like a little red pin on a map.

Yeah, that would be fun.

Oh, okay.

Talk to him about it.

That was a, what if I was not prepared for and didn't know how to answer.

Okay.

Uh, I want to plug, uh, I don't know, uh, three of them are, uh, I have a show with, uh, the previously aforementioned, uh, Paul F.

Tompkins as well as Lauren Lapkus that comes out on Thursdays.

If you like this show, go check out that show.

Why wouldn't you check out both?

I think you'd check out both.

Certainly.

Well, time is finite, but sure.

Okay.

I enjoy that show very much by the way.

Yeah.

Well, thank you very much.

And I know time is finite because I'm dying at 51.

Uh, let's close up the old plug bag with the new plug bag theme.

Close your eyes and open up that bag.

You gotta get those eyes closed.

Get em, get em, get em, get em, get em, get em.

Don't be closing.

Open em up and let's get loaded.

Let's get loaded.

Open up the bag.

Let's get loaded up in the bag.

Open up the bag.

Oh boy.

Oh, more, more false endings than Layla.

And Lord of the Rings.

Return of the king.

Uh, guys, I want to thank you so much.

Uh, it's so good to see you, John.

It's so great to see you.

Thank you so much.

Please, anytime you're in town, give me a call.

Would love to either know you're in town or have you on the show.

I enjoy being in town and on the show.

Uh, and Roop, uh, you know, uh, really, I think you should be charging more, but you don't need it.

So I like, I like your style.

Hey, thanks a lot, man.

I love that positivity.

You're almost like doing stuff on pro bono in a way.

Are you in, do you have any legal advice as well for people?

Uh, yeah.

Uh, don't break laws.

Good enough for me.

That's a good umbrella legal advice.

And then Weirdimony, Alimony, Tony.

Always good to meet you.

It's always good to meet you too, Scott.

I fear this is our only time.

I wouldn't be so sure.

No, I'm going to meet you.

Oh, that's true.

You may be on the show several times.

You said that to everyone you meet, right?

Yes, it's always good to meet you.

I fear this is the only time we're going to meet.

All right, let's, uh, we'll see you next time.

Let's all go through that door like velociraptors.

Here we go.

I can't get this.

I don't understand.

I'm pushing up, but it doesn't happen.

I know I got it before.

I'm pulling just directly towards myself.

Oh, I'm pushing. I think that's the problem.

Ah, at the same time?

Yes.

That's bad. Okay.

Three, two, one.

Ow!

Heroes!

The End.

Thank you.
