♪♪♪ A corpse is a corpse, of course, of course, and no one can talk to a corpse, of course, that is, of course, unless that corpse is the famous Mr. Dead. Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

Whoo! Need to take a big breath after that. Thank you to Optimus Prime 8 for that catchphrase submission, and welcome to Comedy Bang Bang for another week. And boy, we are all re- I mean, we've blown through Jani Dani, and we are in February already, if you can believe it.

Uh, that's right, the month of lovers is upon us, and, uh, of course I am your number one lover.

Mr. Lover Lover, Scott Aukerman here, your- Hahahaha! Your host. Um, and what an incredible show we have. A little bit later we have an up-and-coming filmmaker, uh, as well as a, uh, an actor, uh, uh, called Matt Walsh, who has been on the show, uh, uh, several times, uh, and is on a show called Veep, and a new movie called Under the Eiffel Tower.

We'll be saying hi to him in just a second, but before we do, an old friend came by, and, uh, wanted to- hi!

Yeah, I wanted to what?

Wanted to be on the show? I don't- I don't know what else you wanna do, but- I did, I did, cause I- oh, that's what I wanted. I just- well, I came by and I said, can I be on the show, and you said, yeah. And then you stared into my eyes while you said, I'm the lover lover, lover lover.

Hahahaha! I didn't say, I'm the lover lover lover lover, while staring into your eyes.

What did you say?

Do you still have that body pillow, uh, in the shape of me, or is it- or is it a different, like a rectangular shape, but with the shape of me imprinted upon it?

Did you never get it? It's a pillowette. It's a pillow with your silhouette drawn on it.

And, it's a regular sized pillow, and it can go- But I'm turned to the side so you can tell it's me?

Yeah, it's your Alfred Hitchcock.

And- Do do do do do do do do do do.

And, um, what is it when they say they want your signature and they say, can I have your- Your John Hancock.

Yeah, John Hancock.

The John Hancock and the Alfred Hitchcock, two very different things.

Can I get your Hitchcock, and then you make someone tone and you do the silhouette.

Let me get your Hitchcock right here.

And yeah, so, um, the pillow is a regular standard size- Pillowette, and it's spelled P-I-L-L-O-U-E-T-T-E?

Back it up. Back it up.

Do you know how to spell silhouette?

I do. P- it's S- It's not with a P.

S- uh, S-I-L-H- So there you go.

O-U-E-T-T-E.

Pillowette.

So it's P-I-L-H-O-U-E-T-T-E?

Yep.

Thank you! Tracy Reardon is here. Hello Tracy!

What's up my babies?

Tracy Reardon, I haven't seen you in so long.

I know, because I've been in hiding a little bit.

So I've been having a documentary filmed about me.

Really? Who are the filmmakers involved? We have a filmmaker coming up a little later.

We also have an actor.

Yes, those are both in the entertainment industry.

A documentarian wanted to film my life.

A docu- that doesn't give me any more information.

Well I'll tell ya. He's in school. He's a student.

Okay.

He goes to USC.

Is it- are you- is this 20 questions?

Yeah.

Or are you giving me hints now?

Those are the hints and now you do 20 questions.

Okay. Is he under 21?

No.

Oh! Is he 21?

Yes.

Okay.

I've narrowed it down to a filmmaker from USC.

He can go to bars.

Yeah.

I don't know. I don't know the current roster over there.

Guess a name.

Alright.

First name.

Umm...

Barry.

Yep.

Really?

You got it.

Okay.

And guess his last name.

Obama?

No.

Umm...

Jarvins.

So you do know him.

Barry Jarvins?

No, wait! Because everyone at USC said you stand on campus saying, little boys, little boys.

Not that little.

That's your defense.

But they say you do that.

And so...

Everyone at USC says this?

Well, the people I know, and I'll tell ya, the little boys who are 21 and they know you.

They're bigger than you.

They're not little boys.

How old are you again?

They're not bigger than me.

He's 4'10".

How old am I?

Larry Fortensky.

How old are you?

I'm still in high school.

That's right.

But they're older than me, but they're not bigger than me.

He's a small guy.

Okay.

How tall are you?

I've never been able to really gauge.

Well, here...

You know how when you're a tall person like I am, everyone is just shorter?

I don't know that because I'm short.

Oh, okay.

You are short?

Yes.

Okay.

I can't tell.

My height is as follows.

Okay.

Do the math.

All right.

What are you gonna give me?

Every inch consecutively?

One, two, three, four, five, six.

Okay, wait.

Do 12 inches in a foot.

Okay.

Times...

Okay, wait.

I'll tell you how many inches I am.

Okay.

That's probably a more complicated way of doing it.

I know you're trying to figure that out.

I'm 65 inches.

65 inches?

Okay.

I don't know that that's short.

How tall is it?

That is a...

5'5"?

Is that right?

Sure.

So that's not that tall.

No, that's true.

And also...

But it's kind of medium, isn't it?

It glass half full, glass half empty.

You're short to a 10 foot man.

That's true.

And to you, I think I am short.

So you're short, but do you think you're short to almost everyone?

Um...

No.

Okay.

Great.

Asked and answered.

I'm average.

Tracy Reardon is here.

What do you focus on?

Well, of course I don't mind because I am actually being told I have to come speak about it.

Oh, that's why you're on the show.

Well, kind of.

Let's get it out.

I do need to talk about it.

So documentaries...

A lot of documentaries, they don't like people talking about them when filming has just begun.

Right.

So these guys are different because they're students.

And so they're kind of learning like what's right and wrong all across the board.

So they told me go on a show and talk about it the second we turn cameras on.

And as you can see, they're here with me now.

Right.

Yeah.

I wondered who these people are.

Yeah.

So that's Barry Jarvins.

And you might as well guess that guy's name because you're pretty good at this.

OK.

That's probably Carol Winters.

Yeah, that's his name.

So OK.

He's got an old fashioned family.

They use Carol for a man.

Well, it's like Carol O'Connor.

Of course, an old man who was named Carol.

An old man.

I guess he was an old man when he was on television.

So anyways, they would say they're nodding as I talk about this.

They love this.

Oh, my God.

They won't stop nodding.

They love this so much.

Look at these guys up and down.

They love it.

Wow.

I love my home life.

The documentary is about my home life.

And as you know, my parents went on a safari that kind of traveled the world, left me behind.

My grandma passed.

And I live with a dead body.

And she passed a while ago because you've been appearing on the show for several years now.

It has been years.

And she's about the size of a beluga whale at this point.

She's been bloating.

Oh, OK.

A lot of times people shrivel.

Not this one.

No, she's just been.

She did say we could papa if we need to.

In her final words or in her will?

I had a psychic come to the house.

This is OK.

And she's a reader.

She has a show on TLC.

She's called Mama Medium.

Oh, OK.

And she comes to your house.

I would imagine that would be confusing if you thought you were going to see Mama Mia and suddenly you're watching Mama Media.

Let me tell you, I did get confused because I said the live Broadway show is coming to our house on TLC and TLC.

And then turns out it was just this lady who's very, very, very charismatic.

And she spoke to my grandma's dead soul and grandma said, feel free to papa.

Now, I have to say I'm not 100 percent on whether the Mama Medium said that because grandma's filling up a lot of the room.

And I just said, you know, you could pop her.

She's she almost room sized at this point.

How big is a room?

Boy, you're asking the really tough philosophical questions today.

It depends on the room.

But I would imagine, OK, so she's six by 10 by seven.

So does that change it?

She's in a closet.

OK, then we're talking.

Yeah, four by four by maybe seven or something like that.

Forty eight by forty eight by eighty four.

How many what?

How many walls did you just do?

I'm doing by forty eight, doing length, width and then height.

Oh, the height.

We don't care about that.

She's not going up.

She's just expanding.

Yeah.

OK.

Yeah.

At some point you might want to turn her on her side so she just kind of goes up.

Well, I love the interview for the documentary.

You could talk about this.

I mean, it appears you have a what to do with it.

OK, I thought that this was part of the documentary.

Sure, if you sign the papers.

OK.

Are they filming or are they just nodding?

I can't tell.

They're nodding so hard that they haven't.

I won't know until we're done.

OK.

They don't, to cover the red light because they don't want me to get distracted and change.

Has that been a problem with you for filming?

Yeah, sometimes I start acting.

Oh, OK.

And I kind of turn it on a little bit.

Right.

Oh, you haven't been turning it on this entire time.

This is just me, baby.

Sometimes I turn it on and I'm like, oh, hello.

You know, and kind of.

OK, put it on a little bit.

Really putting on airs.

Yeah.

You know, when they get me my natural state and my sweats, my jumpsuit, you know, when your sweats and your jumpsuit, your jumpsuits on top of the sweats.

Yeah.

Mm hmm.

Yeah.

Because it's really skin tight.

Right.

Yeah.

Well, yeah.

I don't want that to be on camera because everyone's going to see my crevasses.

So instead, put the bulky jumpsuit on top of that.

Yeah.

But you want to be in your sweat so you're comfortable.

Of course.

OK, got it.

Jumpsuits more trendy.

So is the documentary going to cover you essentially popping your grandmother like a pimple?

Well, hold on.

We didn't get the rights to that TLC show, Dr. Pimple Popper.

Oh, OK.

Yeah, yeah, yeah, I do.

Yeah.

It's not always pimples, by the way.

Sometimes it's sis and boils.

He owns any footage of anything being popped like a pimple?

It's a woman.

First of all, the doctor was a woman.

Oh my God.

The old riddle.

Dr. Pimple is a she.

And yes, she does own anything that could be hash tagged popped.

Oh, really?

Anything that could be popped?

Yeah.

Even soda?

Yeah.

Wow.

Soda pop in the certain areas of the world.

Sure.

She has that trademark.

Now, on the East Coast, of course, they call it soda.

So maybe they could just get the footage of you popping her from your angle.

Look, I just said I was going to pop her.

I didn't even want that.

OK, I'm just telling you what I was told I could do.

But it sounds like your grandmother wants you to do it.

She didn't say that.

I don't know.

She just said you could.

OK.

Maybe the medium interpreted that.

But she didn't stress this necessarily to jump right to conclusions and go stick a pin in her.

I'm trying to just play it out and see what happens naturally.

That's why I moved into the closet.

So she kind of expand and then eventually could turn into a SpongeBob sort of character.

So she's it's almost like a mold.

Perfectly.

Are you still in your pants, by the way?

Still on.

Shoots not.

So she's getting more SpongeBob every day.

She's got those overalls kind of.

So are you still using her hand to sign checks?

I am.

Yeah.

OK.

So I'm not like Lisa Mattress at this point.

Right.

Oh, by the way, shout out to our friends at Lisa.

Yeah, I also like Casper.

You like Casper as well.

Which do you like better?

We were a Lisa family here.

Lisa.

We're a Lisa show here.

I don't want to offend.

OK.

And if they sign up to advertise for the documentary, that'd be fantastic because they need funding.

And these are students.

OK.

And they did a Kickstarter, but nobody donated.

No, really?

Zero dollars.

It was actually a one a world record for the least donations on a Kickstarter.

Wow.

Zero.

Yeah.

Absolutely.

I think it's hard to beat that record.

Exactly.

I dare you to try.

I defy anyone.

My tea string went in my tea.

I have to dig it out with my hand.

Your tea string.

Oh, I wondered what a tea string was.

I put it in my tea.

In your tampon?

I put tea in my tampon.

Makes me feel really caffeinated.

All right.

Well, Tracy, we have to get to our first guest.

I want to talk more about this documentary as we go along, if that's OK.

And if your guests are interested, I'd love to interview them.

Our first guest is an actor and he's...

That's great.

We haven't done a reenactment.

Yes, that would be perfect.

OK.

Well, let's get to him.

He is, of course, a wonderful actor and an improviser who's one of the original UCB4, which are, as far as I know, are the four people who started the UCB theater, from what I can tell from context clues.

He has a... by the way, he's been on such television shows as Veep and many movies.

He has a new movie coming out this Friday under the Eiffel Tower, which will be in 10 cities this Friday.

And then on VOD after that, a few days later, I believe the Wednesday following.

Please welcome Matt Walsh.

Hello.

Also Hafe El-Man in charge.

Oh, that's right.

On the Comedy Bang Bang television show.

You had a recurring role where you played our boss.

And as far as I remember, I don't want to blow up your spot here, but you were not supposed to do as many episodes as you did with us.

Is that right?

You were sort of...

Ooh.

... worked around the system.

Yeah.

I love that.

It was fun.

I love a rule breaker.

That's right.

Thank you so much.

And I do do reenactments.

You do do.

Okay, great.

Yes.

And I have seen you chasing little boys around USC.

I went to a Rams game and there was a guy who looked like you, but he had a Lincoln hat on, but I'm like, is that Aukerman?

And he's like luring little boys into a van.

It wasn't a Lincoln hat, it was a LinkedIn hat, by the way.

It was a baseball hat with a LinkedIn.

It was a confessional.

Yeah, it was stovepipe, but it had the...

Oh, LinkedIn.

... it had the LinkedIn logo on it.

Oh, it's a good...

Some giveaway that you held onto?

Yeah.

You know, they were trying to say, LinkedIn, we sound like Lincoln.

And so they made all these commemorative hats in the stovepipe variety.

That's a decent hook.

It's not bad.

So it was you?

It was me, yes.

Why wouldn't you say...

Where were you guys headed?

You seemed very secretive about what you were up to.

Well, I was headed to the shadows if I were ever able to lure anyone away.

So of course I'm being secretive, but...

Okay.

They're nodding furiously at this.

They won't stop nodding.

They remember.

They won't raise their cameras.

They won't feel the knack.

Nope, they nod the cameras too.

It's all going to be a yes and footage.

Really?

It's all going to be just POV, up and down footage?

It's very optimistic, yes.

Optimistic prime.

Welcome to the show, Matt.

Yeah, I love Transformers.

Of course you do.

That's why I wanted to talk to you about...

Have you been in one of the Transformers films?

I've never been in a Transformers film.

That seems like an omission on your part, because as far as I'm concerned, every time I go to the goddamn cinema...

I pop up in a film.

I'm trying to enjoy a movie and suddenly my buddy Matt's in there.

I know.

I'm like, oh God.

It takes you out.

Fortunately, I don't have that many friends, so most of America doesn't know who I am.

But for those of us who do...

Yeah, it ruins it.

It's really rude.

Is Pacific Rim Transformers?

Pacific Rim, no.

It's Transformers Light.

It's not in the transformiverse, but it's an offshoot.

But I mean, it's robots versus dinosaurs.

Stephanie Allen was in that.

I just wanted to tell you guys that.

Okay.

Because I think that's an interesting fact about her.

All right.

Okay?

I think that's interesting.

I think that is interesting.

You guys have history.

I don't have as much history with Tracy.

No, we're new friends.

There's a lot of tension here.

Yeah.

But man, I'm watching a film the other day, Widows, right?

And I'm, Steve McQueen, heavy drama.

You stay plugged into culture, by the way.

Heavy drama.

He's still the latest.

And I'm watching this film, Widows, and suddenly you pop up and you're goofing around in a car and you're having a good old time and you're being funny and I'm like, oh, there's Matt.

And then to add insult to injury, I watched the credits.

Who's listed there but Matthew Walsh?

I don't know why that happened.

Okay.

I don't.

Sometimes go by that name.

No.

So you're in a drama.

No.

Trying to get some drama cred and you go by Matthew.

I would add an initial.

I would have a J, like Matthew J. Walsh.

So my drama initial appears.

But no, it's not intentional.

I didn't know that.

Do you know how sometimes people have to have the initial because there's another person with the same name?

That's true.

You don't have to do that, right?

No.

But there is another Matthew Walsh who's a horrible, conservative, crazy blogger.

Oh, wow.

Yeah.

So I sometimes get some hate on Twitter.

Right.

You know what I do?

I just turn it off.

That's the way to go.

What, your phone or Twitter?

The phone.

When I see a bad tweet, I turn my phone off and I run into another room.

Throw as hard as you can.

That's a live footage of you swimming.

Honey, honey, I got a bad tweet.

Even a bad LinkedIn, I'll do the same thing.

Oh, yeah.

I'll shut that down.

Has anyone ever responded to one of those LinkedIn requests?

I find them depressing.

It's like a cult.

I sometimes get them when I'm not even old enough to have a job.

Yeah, people are trying to network with you.

We've had enough.

You've had three jobs.

I'm just kidding.

Are you?

Oh, you're kidding.

Is that what we say now when we forget things?

No, that was my standup.

I also do standup.

You do standup?

I stowed it.

I dabbled.

Have you done it?

Do you have a joke?

I hate to put you on the spotlight.

Yeah, I got a joke.

What's a classic Tracy Reardon joke?

This is a classic.

Oh, my God.

You picked up the mic like you're Chris Rock.

Please don't drop these.

Okay.

Why are you licking the mic?

All right, everybody ever heard of LinkedIn?

Yeah.

Yo.

Okay, so what's up with that?

Because I'm not even old enough to get a job with these people trying to connect with me.

Yes, you are.

You have three jobs.

Well, I'm just kidding.

Brilliant.

Thank you.

That works too, the club.

I bring a fan too.

That was my fan who I brought to the podcast.

Matt, welcome to the show.

Thank you.

It's a pleasure to be here.

You haven't welcomed me yet?

What kind of horse are you?

I believe I've welcomed him three times.

Well, then what are you doing doing it again?

Under the Eiffel Tower is the film coming out this Friday.

As far as I'm concerned, I'm looking at the poster right here.

There's a big Eiffel Tower, which I believe is in Paris.

Correct.

Very good.

And you're standing underneath it, I think.

Is that you?

Yes.

I don't have my glasses on.

I can't really tell.

Yeah.

And you have a suitcase.

Yes, I'm a traveler, so I don't live there.

I think the information that you're getting there is like, it's kind of dorky suitcase.

And then you're getting that, oh, he doesn't live under the Eiffel Tower.

He's a tourist.

Did you actually have to shoot this at the Eiffel Tower?

No.

What do they call this stuff?

It seems to me like they would- Cut and paste?

If they cut and pasted it, it would, yeah.

Yeah.

I think it was a cut and paste.

Because this seems like a drawing of the Eiffel Tower.

CAD?

Do they still say CAD?

I don't know.

What is CAD?

Computer Assisted Design.

Cadbury egg drawing.

Or Cadbury egg.

Wait, I have a question.

So I'm just infering.

Now, I've only seen one movie and it's Blue Jasmine.

Right.

That's the only one, because she has a butt piercing, she's only able to sit for a half hour at a time.

But Blue Jasmine just really spoke to you.

For something.

I loved it.

What was the attraction for that one film?

Was it an actor in there?

The actress, Cate Blanchett.

Okay.

And the director.

So of course the director's films and all of his work and everything he does in his personal life.

But I want to ask you about this picture here.

Because since I've never seen a movie, I have to base everything off the picture.

And I see that this other actor is cut off halfway.

Now, am I to believe you don't really care about him and that you're kind of focused on the woman?

Correct.

It's to de-emphasize that character and to emphasize her and also show she's entangled.

So he has his arm around her.

Like she's already entangled in some sort of romantic thing.

But you guys are both sort of looking at each other.

Yes.

I tell you, we could just ask you about the plot of the film, but I think it's far more interesting to interpret the poster here.

Looking at it, I see there's our own...

Any design students listening to this, they're going to be fascinated.

Chris Billheimer, if you're out there, this podcast is for you.

Now, orange is a very citrusy feeling.

Yeah.

I mean, it's right there in the title, One of the Fruits.

Sherberty.

It feels sherberty to me, but yeah.

It's one of the fruits?

What did you just say?

Orange.

It's right there in the title of One of the Fruits.

Orange.

What do you mean?

One of the fruits?

You said orange is very citrusy.

And I said it's right there in the title of One of the Fruits.

Orange.

What do you mean?

I'm not going to say it again because everyone else knows what I mean.

But I will say it again if you like.

I don't fucking get it.

Okay.

Language, young lady.

I know.

Under the Eiffel Tower, life can be sour, love can be sweet.

Life can be sour.

So you understand that much?

I guess.

Yes, I do.

Are you trying to say like the orange?

Like the orange that's right there in the title?

Sweet and sour.

No.

What do you mean by that?

Love can be sweet.

What do I mean?

I think it's like trying to get people to take a chance on love and go see this movie, I think is what they're saying.

Like saying life will give you sourness, but love can give you sweetness.

But what about when it gives you lemonades?

What do you do?

When you make lemonades out of lemonades.

Right.

Milk, milk, lemonade.

Around the corner.

Around the corner of the fudge.

Pierced fudge.

Pierced fudge is made.

Pierced fudge is made in my case.

Do your duties come out with an impression?

Excuse me, have I ever asked you about how your shit's come up your ass?

You send me so many letters and emails.

Yeah, well, you claimed you never got an email.

So apparently you did.

Well, anyways, yes, my shit's like that, but no, they're not because I'm lying.

The top of my crack is where it's pierced.

Wait, is this part of your stand up too?

It's a joke.

That was a joke.

Now the truth is the crack is where it's pierced at the top.

Above the top.

Above the hole.

I have to be able to function.

But sometimes if you're wearing underwear and you accidentally duty in your pants.

You're not wearing underwear.

Uh oh.

Not in my book.

Really?

You don't wear underwear, Tracy.

I like to let my big bush breathe.

Hey, it's out there in the wild.

It's just a, you think I'm tripping it?

Do you think, what'd you say?

Do you think I'm tripping it?

Do you think I'm tripping that?

Tripping that?

Ah, sometimes it's hard to understand you, Tracy.

I've never heard that before.

All right, Matt.

So you do have a slight accent.

I can't tell where you're from.

Where do you think I'm from?

East coast?

From Burbank.

Really?

I didn't know you were from Burbank.

Born and raised.

Wazed.

In, in what?

In East Burbank.

Born and raised.

That's the hills.

I had a friend who lived like up in the hills on some street that, when the floods came.

She sounds like an idiot.

She had to be carried out by a firefighter.

She sounds like an idiot.

Oh, gosh.

Yeah.

She does sound like an idiot.

So Matt, welcome to the show.

Thank you.

You've said that.

You can quit that.

Really?

Or they can cut that later when they get into the post.

Yeah, he let it all out.

Take all the welcomes out.

Welcome to the show.

Under the Eiffel Tower is the film.

Apparently, life can be sour, love can be sweet.

So are we to ascertain that you fall in love with this woman who's on the thing here?

What is this movie?

In traditional romantic comedy format, you meet someone and it's an unlikely meeting.

So it's like, oh, these two will never get along.

Right.

And then- So what is she?

She's like normal and you're insane or- She's sort of like, she's in a vineyard.

She owns a vineyard with her husband and she's sort of like the beast.

Okay?

Beauty and the Beast.

Beauty and the Beast?

Yeah.

She's in the chateau and she's lonesome.

The Beast is hot.

Not from the X-Men.

She's a beautiful woman.

Beast from Beauty and the Beast.

Small French town in the chateau just outside of town.

She lingers there, sad, windows drawn.

Are you Gaston in this?

No, I would be the beauty.

I would be Belle.

So you're Belle.

I'm Belle.

I stumble into the vineyard.

So the other dude is Gaston?

He's, I guess he'd be Gaston.

Yeah, he'd be Gaston.

Yeah, because he's like the bad guy.

You want to get him away.

Or is he like- He's Gaston.

The candelabra who comes to life or- Oh, no, there's no, no, those storylines kind of got widowed out in the romantic comedy version.

I just want to point out though that what you just said is that Gaston and- The plate, the teapot.

Gaston and the Beast are together in this movie.

Yeah.

And Belle woos the Beast away.

Yes, that's right.

Belle gets the Beast to leave his castle.

This is an unconventional reboot- I love this reboot.

Of Beauty and the Beast.

And a romantic comedy.

Gaston and the Beast are a couple.

Why do you say it like that?

Gaston.

What am I supposed to say?

Gaston!

Who cares?

The people who wrote it.

Who, Alan Menken?

Yeah!

He's not going to be listening to this.

He doesn't care.

How do you freaking know?

I heard Lin-Man-Mama-Anda listens to this show.

He does.

Well, Alan, if you're out there- A lot of musical theater people listen to this podcast.

Alan Menken, tag him.

Big fan of you ever since the Little Shop of Horrors.

So you, if I had to get, and this is not a lot of info to go from.

I think there's- This card that you're holding in your hand is not a ton of info.

No, it just says- There should be something more than this.

Why don't you read the back?

I guess.

I don't want to turn this thing over.

Oh, yeah.

You could turn it over.

You could turn that over for Scott.

Thank you.

Thank you, sir.

One of the USC guys will turn it over.

Why do they all have no sleeves, by the way?

Why do all the USC guys have no sleeves?

Because it's summertime.

Okay.

Just checking.

It's February.

I know, but in LA, it's never winter.

Yeah.

Oh, got it.

Okay.

And these guys are from the East Coast.

So it's like, when they get over here, they're hot.

Everything's like hot.

Yep.

Okay.

This is like in Chicago.

People, the second they get 60 degrees, they wear shorts.

And backwards hats.

Why do they all have a backwards hat on?

Because they got to look through the peephole of the camera.

I think if they were frontwares, they would get in the way of the nodding.

They would sort of throw off the aerodynamicness.

It's like the wind resistance against the brim.

The first whole week of the documentary was me picking up the hats.

Oh.

All right.

Let me read some of the summary.

Stuart, Matt Walsh, is having a midlife crisis.

Okay.

Look, here's my deal with romantic comedies.

Maybe you can answer this because you're obviously the star of this one coming out this Friday.

Aren't all, I mean, if you go see an Avengers movie, it's like, holy shit, half the world is dead if the Avengers don't win.

Whereas if you see a romantic comedy, it's like, oh, I wonder if two people will ever kiss.

The stakes are just like not comparable.

I think the lure of romantic comedies is for people to imagine they're falling in love like those characters.

So it's an individual conversation.

But what if you were to fall in love with half of the world and then the stakes are raised there.

That's your experience with the little boys.

No one can relate to that.

You're in love with all of them.

I'm in love with all the males under 25.

But if you've ever been in a screenwriting seminar, you know that like you need that third act to, you need to raise the stakes and have them be like, oh wow, oh no, if this doesn't happen, consequences are going to be incredibly large.

Whereas if you don't kiss this girl, you're going to kiss another girl.

If you've invested in the characters and you perceive yourself as one of them, then you feel like that is the world to them.

Is that what you do when you watch a movie?

You perceive yourself as one of them?

I think in a romantic comedy.

When you were watching the Ted Bundy documentary, who did you perceive yourself to be?

First victim.

Really?

So you're going to go quick.

Yeah.

You're just going to fall for it.

Get in the car, murdered.

Wouldn't you?

He's so handsome.

That's what everyone keeps saying about him.

Everyone keeps saying this Ted Bundy is here.

I don't believe it.

Me neither.

I believe when I see it and I'll never see it.

Okay.

It's at home though.

You could walk around.

Have you ever been to a movie there and you just walked around and paced around in front of the screen?

Oh, so at first of all, yes, I got kicked out for doing that.

I thought it was scary.

It was scary.

Yeah.

It's scary to everyone.

It was too scary.

Oh, you were pacing in the actual theater.

Yes.

And I was like, what movie was it?

Well, let's see.

This was last year.

Certainly Blue Jasmine.

They put it out in theaters for fun.

Woody Allen retrospective.

Perfect timing on that.

Yeah.

Last year they did that.

Yeah.

All right.

Let me continue on this summary.

After losing his job.

Okay.

You're having a midlife crisis and then you lose your job or just think it's probably losing your job precipitate the midlife crisis.

That's probably my guess.

Yeah.

You should probably heading there.

He was probably heading there a little bit and then lo and behold, the straw that broke the camel's back.

Okay.

Got it.

Would be the losing of the job after losing his job, tagging along on his best friend's family vacation to Paris and human.

This is such a long sentence.

I know after losing his job, tagging along on his best friend's family vacation to Paris and humiliating himself by proposing to their 24 year old daughter.

Whoa.

Hello.

Boy.

I'm not saying more to the sentence, but there's in fact two more clauses.

He teams up with Liam, a self-proclaimed ladies, ladies, man.

Yes.

Okay.

That's a lot of info in one sentence.

Two classes on that sentence alone in terms of marketing.

Yeah.

This is not the best first.

Is that the entire first act described right there?

I would say it's probably the first, what, 15 men and then suddenly you're in Paris.

Yeah.

Okay.

They want to skip to the good part.

So we could end the movie there.

No, no.

Probably.

No, no.

She hasn't met the girl.

He proposes to this 24 year old, get shut down.

The end.

Yeah.

She's like the fake.

That's enough movie for me.

Cause that's about a half hour.

That's about all the Tracy can sit for.

Yeah.

So I'd love that.

That's the short film version is just that.

And then he just ruins their vacation and then he goes on a drinking bunder.

Yeah.

All right.

So there's even more.

The two head off to the French countryside.

So did you film this in France?

We did.

How fun is that?

It was so beautiful.

It was really lovely.

We were in Paris for nine days and Bordeaux for like three and a half weeks.

Wow.

Did you bring your family?

We did.

That's so fun.

We did.

We saw those Neanderthal caves that Werner Herzog made the movie about.

Yes.

The Lescot.

I've been hearing about how people are pronouncing it.

Neanderthal.

This is hard because you have your speech impediment.

No, but Dax Shepwood says that.

Right.

He has an anthropology degree.

Really?

Friend of the show.

You listen to his podcast, you'll know all about it every week.

All right.

So then you and this other dude, I'm just going to try to shorten this.

Muscle through this for us.

You and the other dude go to the French countryside where you soon cross paths with Louise.

Yep.

Why do I care about her name at this point?

Like save that for the movie.

Save some of this for the people who actually pay for this.

Because they want to put a line that says who it was.

Yeah.

You have to have the character's name.

They cross paths with Louise.

You just wanted to say a guy?

I just wanted to say a woman.

So you guys meet a woman.

And then when I get to it, I'm like, oh, they called her Louise.

Cool.

So you liked it when they said Liam.

So it's a spoiler to you to give away a character's name?

It's a spoiler to me.

I don't like it.

Well, because it implies a lot about who they are.

Exactly.

Louise.

Like now all of a sudden.

You have an idea what that character is about?

Yes, exactly.

She is French.

But here's another spoiler.

A beautiful vineyard owner.

Yes.

Why beautiful?

Who cares?

Because you got to fall in love with a man.

Yeah, but they don't talk about your physical attractive.

I know.

And they're like, Stewart.

A man don't need to look good.

Stewart is older and hopefully I'm not going to insult you.

When I say this.

Wait a minute.

What are you ramping up to though?

It sounds like you're ramping up to insult me.

Stewart, a semi-old, pudgy, you know, kind of schlubby guy with a thin mustache.

I mean, I don't know.

They don't say that about this guy.

What?

What did you just do?

Yeah.

Thank you, Tracy.

No, no.

I don't need to insult you when I say this.

You could be specific and insult anyone just by listing their attributes.

Tom Cruise, spiky hair, Cro-Magnon brow, black eyebrows, Neanderthals, short, freaky energy.

So short Neanderthal man.

Let me, let me ask you a serious question.

What is the age gap between you and this actress?

Louise?

Yeah.

The actress herself.

Not that you and the character, cause they're going to age you down and age her up, right?

The woman I fall in love with or the one I proposed to?

The one I proposed to was like 27.

She's like 45.

She's 45.

That's good.

I'm like nine years older.

I'm like 54.

That's not very normal.

That's in the acceptable range.

That doesn't make me feel crazy.

Yeah.

The first one was very inappropriate.

The first one was inappropriate, but that's shit.

Proposing to the 24 year old.

Yeah.

But in real life she's 27, the actor.

So it was better.

Better, better, better.

So do you guys kiss in it or what?

We do.

How many times?

Uh, uh, I counted for sure.

I think that ended up in the movie.

I'd say like the movie.

Yeah.

A little extracurricular kisses.

One scene has a lot of kisses after we have sex.

That's not a bad song title by the way for Martin Sheffield Wickley.

Extracurricular kisses.

Oh, either one with a parentheses.

Is that what a kiss sounds like to you Tracy?

Have you ever kissed anyone Tracy?

Well you know, yes I have.

And you know, you can only hear kissing from inside your own head.

So what does it sound like in your head?

Cause I hear a lot of, yeah, I guess in your own head you're hearing the sound amplified a little bit from inside your mouth.

So you're, you're hearing the swishing around of saliva.

Did you make any noise?

Did, did the director ever stop the film and come over to you and say, Matt, can I talk to you for a second?

The noises you make when you kiss.

That happened a couple of times.

He wanted louder.

Yeah.

Kissing.

No, no.

It's on kissing.

No, no.

Were you afraid about that?

Were you like, it's strange to like make out with someone.

How many times have you had to kiss someone on, on, on screen?

How many times in this movie?

Let's talk about on screen and then off screen.

How many times have you kissed someone on screen?

How many times have you kissed someone off screen?

My lifetime?

Yeah.

A billion.

Yeah.

Come on.

A billion kisses.

A billion kisses on the off screen.

But how many times, how many scenes have you been in where you've had to kiss someone?

I had to make love to Anne Heche once.

That was crazy.

That's dope.

Yeah.

We have a love pillow.

I do.

Yeah.

I never knew that Tracy, you know the industry.

Is that Scott's face on it?

Is it a pillow?

No.

No, it's a triangle.

I don't know.

It just keeps genitals from bumping.

Oh, you mean the love pillow to freak each other.

Yeah.

I thought you meant like an angle pillow to go bling, bling, but no, you wanted like a triangle pillow that you put under your bum.

Do you do one of those things that I heard Denzel Washington does, which was a funny story that he used to tell maybe back in the nineties or the early 2000s, but now doesn't have the greatest connotations where he turns to whoever he's having a love scene with.

He says, forgive me if I get excited and forgive me if I don't get excited.

Damn.

Wow.

Really?

Damn, Denzel.

Back at it again.

Damn, Denzel.

Back at it again with that boner.

So it's always- Wait, so what's the pillow look like?

It's just like a standard small pillow.

Does it have a, did you have to go in there beforehand to mold your penis so it would have like an indentation of your penis?

There's no showing of genitals for either of the main actors in the stuff I've done.

Right.

No, that would be pornography.

Not necessarily.

Oh, that's what it is.

Have you done pornography?

I've seen my share of it.

No, have you been in film?

Have you been on set when they filmed a pornography story?

No, I don't believe so.

Pornography story, no.

Okay.

Pornography, when you think about it, it's one of, I mean, you, you started out as an improviser and you still improvise.

It's one of the only mediums in which actors are still asked to improvise.

Are they not?

I mean, I'm sure.

Pornography, like, I don't think a lot of that is scripted.

They're all just kind of, yeah, they're improvising in that.

And then it just happens to end with sex.

There's like bullet points, like make it hot, be excited, tell her she's amazing.

In the ones with the storyline, you know, it's like, okay, this happens to you.

And there, I don't, I don't think they're getting pages or sides.

No.

You don't?

I think they'll.

Are you interested in this, uh, avenue of work?

I watch a lot of porn.

Really?

Hours and hours.

Now I can sit for that.

Now I think they get a script.

I think it's many pages and I think they have to memorize it.

And I think that's what makes them so nervous.

Okay.

And it helps them last longer cause they're so nervous about their lines.

They're nervous about getting the lines wrong.

They're able to keep their erections.

Well Matt, I hope that, uh, I hope this film is a big success for you.

Uh, and I hope that someone out there.

Can you define success?

People love it.

Did you get paid already?

Yeah, I already got paid.

I already got to go to France with my family.

Yeah.

Did you get points on it so that if it does well financially that you might get a little extra money?

I hope so.

I hope that for you.

Yeah.

I hope everyone loves it and they tweet at you nice things about it.

Thank you Tracy.

So you don't have to throw your phone away.

I know I get scared by negative tweets.

So go see it this Friday and send Matt a positive tweet so that he can keep his phone under the Eiffel tower comes out this Friday, February 8th in 10 cities.

I hope that your city is one of those cities where it's going to be, but after that in about five days there'll be, it'll be out there on VOD so you can watch it at any time.

Just in time for Valentine's day.

Yeah.

And a Veep, when's Veep come back?

Do we know the date or what?

Uh, March 28th.

March 28th.

So this appearance will serve as your promotion for this movie.

And is that sure.

Is that okay?

I don't expect you to come back before March 28th if you don't want to.

Unless you need to have a man in charge.

Oh, I mean that character, that character.

I love that character.

What about a spinoff of this guy?

You tell me I'm available.

You're available now.

Veep is ending.

Tracy.

Yeah.

You're out there.

Veep will be over.

I can't promise.

Can I be on comedy, big main TV show?

I don't think so.

I think your physical attributes are too weird that it wouldn't be able to translate.

What if I wore a black hood?

What's her weirdest attribute?

Well, I mean, you know, got the pierced brow all the way across.

My half shaved head, my dyed hair.

Why do you shave the side that shows off the scar?

You nailed it.

It's easy access as well.

Well, an easy access.

Oh, they have to go back in there?

Yeah, just in case something happens, you know.

Do you get routine like opening ups?

Lobotomies, yeah.

Refreshers?

Yeah.

I remember one time we had a bathtub in my old place that had the spa jets.

I got one too.

Oh, it had jets.

Okay, I'm not bragging at this point.

Oh, sorry.

But it had jets.

He used to have a bathtub.

Yeah, I no longer have a bathtub.

But no, there was no access to the mechanics of the jets.

There was no door where a plumber could...

Fix it?

Yeah, and so I had to put one in before we sold the place because, you know, the inspectors came over.

Like there's no way for a plumber to get into...

So you had to cut a hole in the tub or something?

You know, well, you cut a hole in the wood outside of it and put a little door in.

But that's what I imagine it's like for you.

You need easy access for the brain surgeons.

For the plumber to get in.

Yeah, exactly.

To fuck around with all those jets.

My brain.

All right.

Under the Eiffel Tower this Friday, we have to take a break.

When we come back, this is exciting.

We have an up and coming filmmaker.

So of course, our documentarians over there maybe will learn a little bit something about it.

And Matt, maybe you're an actor.

Maybe you'll want to work with this person.

And Tracy, you're the subject of a documentary.

I mean, all this is coming together.

So we'll be right back with a little more comedy bang bang after this.

Comedy bang bang.

We're back here.

Matt Walsh from...

I, the, by the way, your movie, your postcard is out of my sight line.

I'm going to try to guess the title of it.

I've just talked about it for a half hour, it seems.

I can't even remember what it's called.

Under the Boardwalk.

No, no.

It's in France.

It's a structure in France that's iconic.

I can't.

Under the Eiffel Tower.

I just figured out your joke, Fumolia.

What joke?

Oh, the good.

You just figured it out.

God, I'm slow.

And I just figured out what you were referencing, where the person goes into the room and the doctor has to pop a pimple and the person says, I can't operate on that.

I can't pop this pimple because that's my daughter.

How is that possible?

Right.

I just realized.

Wait, so do you feel like you're a really good comedian because it takes everyone 30 minutes to figure out all your jokes?

It's taken 10 years and no one understands this show yet.

That we're invested enough to think about it.

Yeah, we do care.

That's a good sign.

Say something confidently enough that people go, I think it's a thing.

He's so perplexing.

What did he mean by that?

It must have been over my head because he was so smart.

Daddy's not in a good mood.

Scott planted these weird word bombs in my head.

Tracy Reardon also here, the subject of a documentary.

Do you want to talk a little bit more about the documentary before we get to our next guest?

What, so does it start with all this information about you or does it go back to your childhood?

It starts in media res.

Ah, in media res.

Okay.

We like to pick up in the middle of the most exciting moment.

So I have a lot of footage that I took on my personal home video camera of my grandma's death.

You took footage of her death?

Yeah.

Did you know she was dying or?

Oh, it starts with the last words and the last rights.

Wow.

And then it cuts to me being born.

So this is her last word.

Can I ask what were her last words?

Now see, it's possible I've said before what they were.

I don't remember.

So that must not mean anything.

I guess the director's cut version of what you think those last words were.

She said a bunch of stuff, but the thing I think that, um, is most germane to the family and Cale almost interested in is this and I'll, we do it with the enactment and you tell me as an actor if it was any good.

And then I'd like to see you reenact.

I would love that too.

Grandma's death last words.

Yeah, sure.

So, okay.

What are the words?

She said, make it your own, but if you can't make it your own, make it somebody else's.

Okay.

That sounds like advice.

I'm not sure what, but now let's hear the reenactment of these, Matt.

Make it your own.

Or if you can't make it your own, make it somebody else's.

Can I ask you a question?

Cause she doesn't talk like that.

You're basically just doing a mean imitation of Tracy.

I did not mean to.

You didn't put out something in your own as I noticed.

Ours is what she's trying to say.

Grandma could do that.

So I don't really know why you did that.

I'm sorry.

I didn't know if she said, when you were playing your grandmother, I didn't know if she talked like you or not.

She did talk like my impression, but apparently it wasn't good enough because when you did it, I did not know who that was supposed to be.

So you're saying she talked like your impression of her, but Matt was doing an impression of you doing an impression of her.

And then apparently something got lost in translation because I don't think grandma spoke like that.

Okay.

Does everyone else want to try?

No, thank you.

All right.

So can you do that in the movie?

I sure would.

I'd love to have like, I got to workshop it though.

I'll play you the footage and you can kind of see why were you videotaping her death?

I'm like, this is like a faces of death kind of thing or I'd like to film everything.

Was the death a surprise or was it?

No.

So you, everyone knew she was going to die.

So it's like, ah, let's get this stuff.

She was in hospice in our house and then everyone said, gather round.

Here it goes.

And your parents were there at this point or my dad was, had one foot inside and one foot outside.

He was actually doing a test.

My dad is an inventor and he created shorts that are half pants.

So one side is pants and one half is shorts.

He put his leg outside one side of the sliding door and he had the other leg there as well.

Okay.

What was the test?

First?

Yeah.

What was he testing and which leg was the shorts leg outside or was the shorts leg inside shorts?

Leg was inside getting a gauge of how thickness determines heat index.

Okay.

Then on the outside, um, it was his long leg pant doing, how is the weather?

So it seems to me like where I him, I would say, Hey, I have some great pants.

If you want to have one leg outside one leg inside because the leg outside will have the shorts on because when you go outside, you want to wear shorts and the leg inside would have the pants on straddling to climates.

Yeah.

And he did eventually get to that like in his experiments, but was my grandma was dying.

He had not yet gotten that far with it.

You're obviously very intelligent and you did skip ahead.

Um, his mom or his mother-in-law, your grandma, my parents had the same mom.

Wait, we haven't talked about this.

They have their, their brother and sister.

Not quite the half brother, half sister.

Then I don't know.

I'm not allowed to explain.

You're not allowed to, Oh, maybe they were both adopted.

So they're not technically related.

Although they're both adopted.

Okay.

I am allowed to explain.

I was just kidding.

Brilliant.

Some standup.

You're really working on a tight five here.

It's a tight 20 at this point.

Oh boy.

Um, it's a loose 20.

I had a lot of crowd work.

Um, the way it went down was that my mom was hired by my grandma.

Hired by your grandma?

Had.

Okay.

And my, and then they adopted my grand- my dad.

Okay.

They adopted my grandpa.

Adopted your grandpa after that?

That was a whole twisted game he wanted to play.

Okay.

I can't get into that for legal reasons, but my mom, my grandma adopted my dad and so, but then he was, she gave him up again.

Okay.

And then my parents met years later, not knowing they had ever been living in the same house and we'll consider brother and sister.

At what age were they, did they know each other as brother and sister?

Were they too young to remember this?

They were one and six.

One and six.

Okay.

So the six year old probably would remember a little.

Yeah, but didn't know what he looked like by the time he grew up.

Sure, because he's a baby.

Totally.

If we all looked like babies when we grew up, boy.

I want to correct my phrasing.

That's a show.

Okay.

He didn't give- That's a show.

My grandma didn't give him a food option.

Boss baby.

He was placed for a option.

The live action.

And he lovingly placed him.

Okay.

She placed him.

And still cared about him.

And he then met my mommy and they fell in love.

They fell in love.

And it was a little weird for everyone when they pieced it together, but because there's no blood, they said it was fine.

How far into the marriage did they unearth the reality that they were brother and sister?

Well, I'm not supposed to know this, but I did read my mom's journal the first time they had sex, they thought, I feel like I'm a brother and sister.

While they were having it?

Ew.

This is like kissing my brother.

This is like the Back to the Future special.

Yeah, but then they found out it was okay and they said, that's okay.

Right.

It was okay.

Then it was okay.

But it wasn't even incest.

Well, no, on The Flash currently, I think The Flash is married to the woman who grew up as his sister when he was adopted.

Thank you.

Yeah, everything's fine.

Do I have to like- It's fine.

This is all fine.

According to me, this is fine.

Look anyways, I don't even like my parents.

They're traveling the whole freaking world without me.

Yeah.

And they've abandoned me.

They obviously have some familial issues.

They have a lot of familial issues.

So he was there when she died though, with one foot in, one foot out.

Yeah, one foot in, one foot out the door.

All right.

How has he always been my whole life?

Very good.

We need to get to our next guest.

He is an up and coming filmmaker.

Please welcome to the show Alan Woody.

Hello.

Thank you, Scott.

It's great to be here.

Yes.

Hi, Alan Woody.

Alan.

So good to meet you.

So nice to meet you.

I'm happy to be here.

I've been working on a new film coming out.

I'm just a first time filmmaker.

Wait, you're a first time filmmaker?

Yes.

Is there any contribution to any other filmmakers mired in controversy or anything?

I wouldn't assume that.

I mean, when I was talking to our other guest, Yad, over here about his film, I didn't say, hey, is the filmmaker of this film associated with anyone who's mired in controversy?

No, that would feel suspicious.

There's no reason for you to be suspicious.

Where's the director of your film from?

He's from Louisville, Kentucky.

Louis C.K.

Ville?

Louis C.K.

Ville.

That's a good joke.

Uh-oh.

I'm not going to do that.

I'll get it in 30 minutes.

I don't know.

You have time to sit for that.

I don't.

My booty hurts.

So you have your first film is coming out.

Yes.

Great new movie.

You know, family friendly film.

Family family.

Family family film.

That's right.

You just.

What's it about?

You know, it's about a relationship not unlike your parents.

So I think of an incredible.

Do you have a postcard that we can try to guess?

Oh, yes.

So here as you can see, that is a lemon colored postcard.

Oh, okay.

It's gorgeous.

Lemons.

Oh, I like the Sherbert citrus thing of it.

Oh, yes.

Thank you.

Well, you know, it's in the title, right?

The title of the fruit says what the fruit is.

It does.

Right there.

What a weird tagline.

The title of the fruit says what the fruit is.

It's called Lemons is the New Black.

That's right.

I hope, you know, audiences will check it out.

When's it come out?

Totally fine.

Valentine's Day.

We'll see you guys a few days later.

We're competing.

Yeah.

This is odd.

You guys are in the same frame.

We're sort of fighting for real estate on the same weekend.

This is weird.

Maybe people can go binge and see a bunch of movies at once.

Yeah, you're right.

I shouldn't be so petty.

Sorry.

Yes.

No, you saw a retrospective of that other filmmaker last year.

Yeah.

Thank you for seeing my.

What other filmmaker?

I mean.

Woody Allen.

Why are you thinking me?

I mean, just on behalf of a cinema.

Oh, OK, because I thought maybe you had like some sort of connection.

No, I mean, obviously not.

This is Allen Woody.

This is another company.

I have a large mustache and a low fedora hat and sunglasses.

I look like a face, honestly.

Right.

Exactly.

That's OK.

We don't need to see his face.

He's behind the camera.

That's true.

You know, I mean, it's interesting, like when you've watched a person's films, then you want to know what they look like and what they're interested in.

And I'm not one of those types who likes to see the director in films.

I saw this film the other day about a couple who goes to Palm Springs and suddenly the director's in it.

And I'm like, yeah, come on.

I'm just taking taken right out of it.

Well, you might not have known it was him.

Yeah, but I've seen his band and I know what he looks like.

Hey, I mean, I'm not I'm not in charge of you.

I don't even know what you're talking about.

You think I don't either.

Couple of goes to my springs.

Well, look, this is incredible.

So you're an up and coming filmmaker.

Can I can I say I can't gauge what what age you are.

You have such a big, bushy mustache.

You could be 12.

You could be 80.

You know, I mean, how how old how old of a man are you?

I've been my 20s.

You're in your 20s.

OK, well, congratulations.

Yes.

Are you older than me?

And he's older than my my friends over here.

Wow.

And are you?

Well, we don't know that because he could be 20.

OK, if someone's in their 20s, if there's someone's 20 or 21, they don't say they're in the 20s.

They say I'm so why wouldn't they?

Because they want to hold on to the youth.

They're holding on.

How old are you specifically?

I'm at 24.

So 24.

Yeah.

OK, great.

Well, you have a bit of a winkly face for someone who's 24 not to be rude.

You know, not something that we like.

That is a little.

You don't see me talking about Matt's physical attributes.

You did actually.

I don't remember.

I don't remember that happening.

I just want to know, are you winkled because you're a you spent too much time with son B. Yes.

Or C.

Benjamin Buntin disease.

The something, you know, I, I'm one of I've been I've seen you around Scott or on the USC campus.

Well, you know, what was Scott doing when you saw him on campus?

Oh, he was leading people to a dark corner that I was in.

And I said, this is my dark corner.

And he went, what are you doing in the dark corners over there at the USC scouting location?

Well, location scouting.

Scott was there was he chasing after a group of boys going pinch, pinch, pinch with his hands with a little lobster claws?

Like the character from a Chitty Chitty Bang Bang.

Yeah.

And SpongeBob the crab crabby patties.

Oh, hold on.

I'm just writing that down.

That's a good way to do it.

Good way to do what?

Perform a comedy, you know, as a cartoonish comedy.

That's something I'm working on as a new young up and coming figure.

New hot young up and coming filmmaker.

Tell us about your film.

Okay.

Well, it's called Lemons is the New Black.

And you know, it's all about sort of how family can have many different definitions.

Oh, okay.

Like, I mean, we heard about Tracy's family.

It's obviously very undefined.

Yeah.

Yes.

Can I ask a spoiler?

Is the family name Lemons?

Like, is Lemons?

Like the characters?

No, it's not.

It's not.

Okay.

I'm just trying to understand the title.

Is it black?

No, it's not.

No.

Okay.

And is the name Isda?

No, it's not.

Okay.

We've covered everything in the title.

No.

Okay.

Is the, is the, that show on HBO?

That show?

So what are the, what is the family like?

Is it sort of an interesting, some would say even twisted dynamic?

Yes.

You know, it's this family who work on a lemon orchard and they're, they're, they're picking all these lemons and one day this mysterious visitor comes to, comes to the orchard.

This is like Cider House rules a little bit.

It sounds like Under the Eiffel Tower to me.

Well, we'll see.

Yeah, it is.

It's sort of mysterious, I would say.

You know, thin mustached visitor visits and sort of falls in love with the lemon orchard.

Do you play this thin mustache person?

I've never acted in one of my films.

Oh, you've never acted in one of your films.

You've never acted in one of your films.

Who's this?

I felt confident based on the discussion.

Come on, you guys, come on.

That was a good film.

That was great.

Chinatown's fine, but I mean, so long ago, we don't need you around anymore.

Lemons is the New Black.

Again, I guess, what was the source material for this story?

It was this trip.

You know, this trip I took.

I took this little trip to Europe.

Stop saying trip and tell us about the trip.

I was in America.

How do you get to Europe?

You take a trip, right?

We know what a trip is.

You get to the airport.

Yes, no, yeah, we all know.

What's the difference between a trip like that and a trip where you fall?

Ah, well, that is what the movie is about.

It hinges on that question, you know.

It is existential.

It's about, is it a trip, is it a fall?

It's a trip, it's a fall.

I'm your trip, I'm your fall.

It's all about that moment, you know.

Okay, because now that I'm seeing it through your lens, I do think it's kind of beautiful.

It was a bit, I have to admit, it was a beautiful, beautiful film.

Take these drugs, please.

Oh, sip?

Oh, yeah, my pleasure.

Yes, I will.

I don't normally just take what people give me.

Thank you.

I mean, in this case, I mean, we're on to- Oh, taste peppermint.

Oh, yeah.

This is- What am I taking?

Very good.

Now you'll all wake up and you'll have seen a different movie in your heads.

Okay, well, wait, are we going to sleep now or just when we go to sleep tonight, we'll wake up and having- You'll see.

Because I'm wide awake at this point, so- Yeah, I'm not sleeping.

I'm not sleepy.

I'm wide awake.

Well, look, guys, we have time for one last feature, not one last feature because we have a feature after this, but it's time to play a little something that we call Riddle Me This.

Oh, exciting, exciting.

Riddler.

Oh, this is a good song.

Riddler.

That was a good song.

That's a good song.

That's a really good song.

All right, we all know how this is played.

Of course, this is Riddle Me This, the game where we all come up with riddles and try to figure out the funny punchlines to them.

So what we're going to do is we're going to go around and each of us is going to say something that sounds like a riddle.

It can't be an actual riddle.

It can't be something that- Okay.

Okay, but it has the cadence and asks sort of like a question like, what do you get when you whatever?

And then we'll all try to come up with a punchline for this riddle, at which point the person who asked the riddle will assign a winner.

And then once we've all gone around the horn, we'll tally up the points, and whoever has the most points wins.

How's that sound?

Very fun.

It's a game.

Very good, very good.

Matt Walsh, you are our guest of honor under the Milky Way.

No, Eiffel Tower coming out this Friday.

Anything that sounds like a riddle.

Okay, in the morning, it's a flower.

In the afternoon, it's a priest.

At night, it's a beach.

Flower, priest, beach.

What is it?

Okay, we're going to go clockwise.

So Roman Polanski, you give your answer first.

In the morning, I'm a flower.

In the afternoon, I'm a priest.

At night, I'm a beach.

What am I?

I am a beautiful, gorgeous little white rim of paper stamped by a passport officer.

I take it for a trip.

A trip to Europe.

So you're someone who basically you just want to get out of the country.

I want to go back to the U.S.

Okay, so you're a passport.

I want to go back to Hollywood.

Visa.

You're a visa, okay.

Yes, it's a visa and it's a court document.

That's what it is, right?

What is it, a flower?

A flower in the morning, a priest in the afternoon, and a beach at night.

Exactly.

So you're a visa.

Okay, great.

Good answer.

All right, it comes to me.

I'm going to say you're a beach who's pretending to be a flower and a priest.

So, ultimately, a beach.

But I'm a beach, yeah, because at night when I go to sleep, I'm a beach.

Like Polanski coming in here as Alan Woody.

Yeah, exactly.

Okay, so like a three level.

Okay, okay.

All right, and Tracy, what is your answer?

I think you're a happy nun with dreams.

A happy nun with dreams, okay.

So now, Matt, you get to pick who out of the three of us won.

Now, like a riddle, it's supposed to be funny.

Wait, riddles are supposed to be funny?

I mean, I guess, or they're supposed to go and make you go, oh, I guess.

I don't think riddles are supposed to be funny.

But really, no criteria.

Just what strikes me in my gut.

Just whatever strikes you as the winner.

I'm going to go with the visa.

The visa, okay.

The visa.

So we have Polanski with one point.

Okay, now Polanski, you ask a riddle and we're all going to answer.

But you're not going to get a visa.

You know that.

What do you mean?

I got it right.

This government will never get a visa.

Yeah, and I don't think that with the climate, we've turned the corner.

Yeah, more than ever, exactly.

We've turned the corner.

No one wants to see you walking down the street right now.

No, just the other day.

You work for the vice president of the country.

That's fiction.

All right.

But if you did, if it were a fact, would you?

Do I want to give him a visa?

No, I can't.

You're a character though.

No.

Okay.

What about Stuart from the film Under the Eiffel Tower?

I don't think he'd give you a visa either.

What about Stuart from Stuart Little?

Louise might.

But Stuart Little, would he?

The mouse cartoon?

No.

Matthew Broderick's voice?

Yeah.

No.

He wouldn't either.

Okay, great.

Let's ask your riddle.

Okay.

I can walk.

These are all like, that's fine.

Well, we've only had two.

These are like what you have to pass through like a speed.

Exactly.

You may not cross this bridge unless you, like they don't have to be brain teasers.

Just like a riddle.

Like what do you got when you cross, you know?

Oh, that's okay.

Just a question.

Sorry, I know there's a cultural difference.

You've been in Paris so long.

Yes, yes.

Okay, so something.

You can tell he said we.

So I can walk.

I can fly and I can train.

Take a train.

What kind of trip am I?

Okay, what kind of trip am I?

What kind of trip am I?

I can walk.

I can fly.

I can take a train.

What type of trip am I?

So a trip is walking and a trip is, okay.

Or what type of trip am I on?

Is that what you mean?

Yes.

Okay.

Um, a trip to the US.

I'm just really pointing to the judge right now.

A trip to the US from Paris.

That was my final answer.

Okay, what's yours, Tracy?

Mine is going to be topical.

Say again what you are.

Tropical?

Topical.

Give you the riddle again.

I can walk.

I can fly.

I can take a train.

What kind of trip am I?

A trip to Fyo Festival.

Oh, very topical.

I love documentaries right now.

You do?

Just knowing about them.

Yeah, you're not able to watch them.

Of course not.

All right, Matt, you can say the same answer as me, but everyone will know I said it first.

No, I won't do that then.

Michael Jordan in that half cartoon, half animated film.

Space Jam.

Ah, my favorite.

Who framed Roger Rabbit?

Space Jam.

I don't think he got cut out of Roger Rabbit.

He was in Roger Rabbit?

They spent like 30 days of shooting with Jordan and they just scrapped it.

They were just like, let Eric Stoltz, this guy.

All right, so you get to choose which answer you like.

A trip from Paris to the US?

A trip to the Fyo Festival?

Or are you Space Jam?

I am going to say one of my favorite films of all time, which is Space Jam.

Space Jam.

Oh, my God.

It is incredible.

It is so many themes, you know?

Yeah.

It's a dream team.

I would like to do a remake.

Of Space Jam, what would yours be like?

It would be where you can tell if it's a cartoon or a real person because they have the same mother.

And then they slap them until a mysterious man shows up and you have to cut his heart out of his chest and pump it, pump it, pump it.

That sounds hilarious.

I've got to admit, this sounds very exciting.

I mean, look, no one's disputing your craftsmanship.

Thank you.

It's more of your personal life.

All right.

It goes to me now.

All right. What do you get when you cross the color yellow with a shoe?

What do you get when you cross the color yellow with a shoe?

All right. Going to Tracy Reardon.

Banana slippers.

Very good.

So it's like slipping on banana.

Great. Great.

Walsh, what are we at?

Saffron slippers.

OK.

All right.

I'm going to be trying to build upon what Tracy said.

You think that's lazy? Are the judges going to let me get away with it?

I don't know. We'll see. We'll see.

OK. All right.

All right. Roman Polanski.

I was going to say that no matter what you said.

Oh, crazy.

Just so you know.

OK. Good. Good to know.

It's crazy that you were going to say that.

Good to know.

This is like John McEnroe complaining to the judge about a call.

OK.

It's not going to change anything.

Yeah, it's not going to change anything, but go ahead.

I would say you get a long walk through the fields, you know, hundreds and thousands of miles walking, walking, walking.

Is this man just walking? Is he walking to the gallows?

No, he's walking to the plane and going to the U.S.

Going into the airport or plane or.

Matt, was that your phone? What is going on here? Hold on.

Is that the police?

You have to pause here.

Is that the police?

It's not the police.

It's the whole function on this phone. If you try to shut it up because somebody called me, it goes to emergency call.

Oh.

And that's what that sound was. I apologize.

By the way, Matt, this reminds me of when, remember your old phone when you were constantly calling me?

I feel so. But why did you bring that up? Because you love to insult me?

No, it just reminded me of it. I was like, why doesn't Matt just go into the setting on his phone and fix that?

And then I went, oh, remember like eight years ago when that would call me every day and leave me long five minute.

Pocket dial.

Pocket dial messages where you're talking to your family, you're talking to your agent. Like I would get I learned so much about Matt.

I'm sure you didn't. They were not that interesting.

I know I would listen to you.

I would sometimes like call you and like tell you tell you parts about the conversations I heard until there was one point where I was just like, Matt, you got it.

I did. I changed you to some I changed the spelling of your name, but you were the first A.

I was the first A. But all you got to do is add add someone else.

I know.

Who's not a real number before me. Anyway.

That's a good idea.

Yeah, that was many phones ago. Many, many phones ago.

I had a dream last night that I had a Wazer phone and it was really, really frustrating because I was out of the country.

I used to I remember I was on tour with some friends and anytime I plugged my phone in to whatever car we were driving, the first song that would come up would be this song from Fun Home because it was quote a something, something, something.

Yeah.

And they would always make fun of me about this song.

And then I read something about a very similar matter of like if you put in this 30 seconds of silence that has the title A A A A A A that will never happen to you.

Yeah.

Anyway, they're working around.

That must have been embarrassing for you.

Yeah, it was. All right. So now I'm going to judge.

Me too. Thank you for bringing up Scott.

Hashtag me too.

Please don't say that.

I would like to change my answer to...

Too late.

Too late. Unfortunately, I'm going to give the winner of that round is lap dance.

Were you going to say lap dance?

I'm going to give Reardon a lap dance.

I don't want to win. I don't want to win.

She doesn't want it.

I'll just give you a point. I'll just give you a point.

OK, OK. A point.

All right.

My turn for a whittle.

Reardon, you the only way you can win is if I get the point because then we'll have to go to a riddle off.

But don't let that influence you.

It won't.

OK.

What do you get when you cross the whittler with a question mark and dip it in ink?

What do you get when you cross the riddler with a question mark, meaning on his body suit or just OK, riddler with a question mark and you dip it in ink?

All right. We're going to Matt Walsh.

Permanent question.

Oh, I love that.

Oh.

All right. Now we go to Roman Polanski.

Riddler with a question mark. You dip it in ink.

I think you get Jim Carrey inside a large vat, a vat filled with an inky liquid, black, dark, dark liquid.

So dark it has a bottomless pit. Jim Carrey sinks, sinks down, sinks down further and further.

It's like an endless hole to the bottom of the earth, the center of the earth. He gets there.

And what does he find? He's in his womb, his mother's womb.

And his mother births him and he comes out.

He comes out of his mother's womb and I am right there filming it all.

So you're just filming someone's vagina?

Well, OK. All right. All right.

OK, I've heard enough.

Wait, what about me?

No, you.

Oh, OK.

You get an inkling of an idea.

Oh, OK.

I would like to change my answer.

No, no, no.

Me too. Me too.

I have a winnow.

All right. Who who gets that point?

I think it's pretty obvious.

Well, my point. Thank you, Roman Blansky, which means Roman Blansky, you are our winner.

Whoa. Wow.

With two points. And that's how we play.

This is good.

Oh, this is a good song.

Riddler.

That was a good song.

That's a good song.

That's a really good shot.

Wow. That is a good song.

And wow. Congratulations, Roman Blansky.

Thank you.

Yeah. What are you going to do with your victory?

I would probably, you know, use it to jumpstart my movie career in Hollywood.

Tell people Scott Orkman has signed off on.

Oh, no, no, no, no. Please don't tell people that.

It's full endorsement.

You are fully endorsed.

He just won a game on my show.

I know. I don't think that you know, I don't think you should come back.

No, you let him win.

I didn't. You're the one who had signed him the point that gave him the win.

I just say Tracy Reardon.

I didn't make the rules.

OK.

Well, I do make the rules, and the rule is that we have time for just one last feature on the show.

And that is a little something called Plugs.

It's time to open the plug bag.

Gonna tell you about my new thing.

Then end the show.

Oh, nice and short. I like it.

This that was going to tell you about my new thing by Warshall Rhubarb.

Thank you to Warshall Rhubarb.

All right. Let's plug it up.

Matt, what do you want to plug here?

Obviously under where?

Not the Milky Way.

French iconic piece of architecture.

The...

It's a tower.

No, it's a tower.

How do you know that?

Eiffel Tower.

I know what the org de triomphe is.

I see a cartoon.

Under Eiffel Tower.

Under the Eiffel Tower.

You play Stuart in this one.

You play Stuart in this film, right?

Very good.

Not Stuart Little, though.

Not...

Oh, Stuart Big.

People...

This is not a romantic comedy with Stuart Little.

It's not.

It's Stuart Big.

Is it in the Stuart Little verse?

No, and it's not Stuart Smalley either.

No.

But you're good enough and strong enough.

So they don't exist in this universe or they're dead?

They don't exist in this...

It's a separate fiction.

But they did a spinoff of the bad TV character, Stuart.

Do you consider every piece of art to be a separate universe?

This one is.

From those other franchises we spoke about.

From those...

I mean...

Does it share a universe with any other...

I mean, we drink water in this movie and I'm sure they drink water in those movies.

In the abyss, yeah, in the abyss there's plenty of water.

Does it set where the abyss is set?

I guess it could coexist with the abyss.

Okay.

Because we never go deep into the ocean.

Aquaman?

I think technically Aquaman could exist in our world, too.

Okay.

You just don't know.

The characters don't talk about it.

We never ran into Aquaman.

Is there ever a...

It was happening in the US and we were in Paris.

Yeah, ever a point where you look up at a TV screen and you see like a giant guy riding a wave and you're like, wow, shit's crazy going on there in the US and under the sea.

I guess they would have noticed that or they missed it.

Yeah.

Sometimes news stories don't penetrate everyone's world.

It's true.

Yeah.

It's true.

That guy riding a wave.

Okay.

Well, I look forward to other films in the extended under the Eiffel Tower verse.

And it opens this Friday.

People can see it in 10 cities.

That's a lot of cities, actually.

Yeah.

It's a good indie release.

Yep.

Yeah.

So go out and see that.

Anything else you want to plug?

Veep coming back in March.

Oh, yeah.

Veep's coming back in March.

Widows on Blu-ray.

You know what I'll plug truthfully?

I'm with a charity thing called Awesome Foundation.

All right.

And if anybody has an idea to make Los Angeles more awesome, you go online, you find us Awesome Foundation, LA, slash LA, and we'll give you a thousand bucks if your idea.

It's basically 10 friends sitting in a bar going through submissions once a month.

And we give somebody a thousand bucks to do something awesome.

It's just an excuse for you and nine friends to go to a bar.

Is that what I'm hearing?

To rationalize functional alcoholism as a lifestyle.

Yes.

That's cool.

But we are giving back.

What's an example of something?

What is something that you would say?

We do a lot of community gardens.

We've built a Pinewood Derby track for a neighborhood on the south side of LA.

That's so cool.

We've done like, this one guy had comic books and cereal where he would teach kids how to like draw comic books and he would provide breakfast cereal, like a pop-up and a little village kind of thing.

Cool.

So those are the kind of things.

How do I submit to this?

I don't think anyone wants to use Roman Polanski's ideas.

You have to be making LA better and you don't live here and I don't think you would qualify.

Yeah.

I have to come back and make it better.

No.

Throw a great party.

No.

I don't think so.

Mr. Polanski though, is there anything you want to plug?

I mean, obviously your new film, Lemons.

Yes.

Lemons is the new black.

Is the new black.

That's not even grammatically correct.

It'd be like Lemons are the new black.

I mean, there's not much that- It would have made sense if one of the characters was named Lemons, but you said no to that.

Can I ask a question?

Because we thought Louis CK played every character.

Did you get Louis CK to do it or is that you wearing the Louis CK mask?

That's a great question.

I actually got a completely fourth, a third person.

A third person?

Yes.

Who is that?

Lin Manuel Miranda.

I had him wear a mask and it does exist in the Aquaman universe.

It does.

Okay.

So fans of Aquaman should be interested in this film.

Yes.

And Aquaman made a billion dollars.

So I mean that's- Hopefully, yes.

Yeah.

Okay.

The subtitle is Aquamanuel Miranda.

So go watch.

That I would see.

That's a funnier dive video right there.

Oh yes.

Aquamanuel- Aquamanuel Miranda, yes.

Yeah.

He just raps and he's under the water.

Tracy Reardon, what, oh, did you have another plug?

I feel weird doing it in this character.

As Roman Blansky.

Do you want to step out and someone else can come in?

Yes, pull out the final mask to reveal the, I guess the ultimate creep.

Who's this?

The ultimate creep.

Does that exist in the Aquaman universe?

Yeah, go- Drew?

Yes, hello.

Hi, the ultimate creep.

The ultimate creep.

Go watch, I'm on a show called Good Trouble on Freeform.

Go watch that show.

Oh, I've heard about that.

Yeah.

I've seen it very well.

I've seen a couple of billboards.

Yeah.

What's it about?

All I can get- It's kind of- Here's what I get from it.

Two women are friends.

Yes.

And that's about all I can glean from it.

It's pretty close.

It's two women in their 20s making bad decisions.

I might be one of the bad decisions.

Oh, okay.

All right.

It's a very horny show.

Oh, I will be watching that.

I'm horny or they're horny or all of us are horny while it happens or- Do you get naked?

No, I do not.

Do you make out?

Did you put one of the pillows?

I did not.

I can't give spoilers.

I guess I can because there's a bit of a will they want.

Okay, okay.

But just check it out.

It's on Freeform?

It's on Freeform every Tuesday.

Go check it out.

Sounds very horny.

I'm so glad I didn't say that in capture.

Me too.

Tracy Reardon, you're not a character.

You're yourself.

I'm me, but I do know about a film that Lauren Lapkus is doing that is a new movie by The Orchard as well.

And it has come out as of last weekend when this was released.

It comes out February 1st in theaters and then February 5th on demand.

And it is about a couple that tries to have a threesome to keep the relationship or see if it's good for the relationship.

What's it called, dear?

It's called The Unicorn, dear.

Are you one of the three?

Lauren Lapkus and Nick Rutherford are the stars and I'm not in it.

Who's the titular unicorn?

The unicorns are three people.

Oh, okay.

We don't know what's going to happen with them.

It's more of a tricorn.

They try with multiple different people and have varying levels of success in the threesome endeavors.

And so starting tomorrow- Lucy Hale, Beck Bennett, Dree Hemingway, Kyle Mooney's in the movie.

We should call him Kyle Movie.

He should be called that'd be my teacher.

He should legally change his name when he's in a movie.

Kyle Movie.

Beverly D'Angelo.

She should also change her name to Beverly DeMovie.

Yes.

Directed by Robert Schwartzman.

It's a very fun time.

It's also a very horny film and also very funny.

I saw this film the other day and I was horny throughout the whole thing.

I had to leave before the party because I was just so horny.

I had to go home and work it out.

Did you have to make out with anyone?

Lauren did have to make out with multiple people.

I unfortunately don't get to act in films.

Yeah.

But I own a documentary.

I mean, you're in this documentary.

What, what?

My documentary close?

Shout out to them.

That will probably be in no theaters.

Yeah.

I want to plug, I am still in a few episodes.

In fact, I'm on one this Wednesday, a few more episodes of I'm Sorry, Andrea Savage's show.

Three episode arc.

My first episode was a couple of weeks ago.

I did watch that.

I haven't watched it.

How was it?

It was funny.

And there was a very funny part that really shocked me.

Really?

I was at the party when the one guy said, oh, yeah, yeah.

Okay.

I got to watch it, but apparently it's very good.

I'm on this Wednesday and another episode after that.

So check it out.

All right.

Let's close up the old plug bag.

Yeah.

Oh, yeah.

Okay.

God.

We got to do something about that.

That's always stressful.

That is stressful.

I'm going to be doing shorts and Horatio Sans and myself, the new closing up the plug bag theme.

It's 45 seconds.

I think.

I honestly went to another place.

I wish I could go to another place.

Guys.

I want to thank you so much.

Matt, always great to see you.

Pleasure.

I look forward to all of your stuff.

Thank you.

Please pop up in more movies and take me out of the reality of it.

I'm going to let this be the third movie I see to cleanse my palette from that horrible lemon juice.

Right.

Yeah.

Okay.

Yeah.

Let's all just say that it's good to see each other individually.

Welcome.

I just want to say welcome to the show.

So good to see you.

Nice to see you, Tracy.

Welcome to the show.

Matt.

Nice to see you.

Oh, shoot.

So let's shut this.

Okay.

We'll do that real quick.

We'll see you next time.

Thanks.

Bye.

See you next time.

Thanks.

Bye.

Heroes.

you Thank you.
