♪ Don't get freaky with Tzatziki or put Tahini on your weenie.

Keep the hummus out your bumpus or you'll have to douche with Baba Ganoush.

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

Yeah, thank you to Blabia St. Hyman for that catchphrase submission.

That's a lot to take in.

A lot of stuff.

Welcome to the Comedy Bang Bang for another episode and this is exciting.

My name is Scott Aukerman and of course you know Comedy Bang Bang as a show where I like to have conversations with very, very interesting people and today is no exception.

Coming up a little later we have someone from the police department in Boston will be coming up, Detective James P. Garrity and we have someone from the space program, Devon Westinghouse will or Devon, maybe Westinghouse will be here coming up a little later.

And first though, and those are, I mean those are A plus guests right there.

Someone from the space program and a detective, but first, but first, hashtag but first, before we get to them, let us talk to another very interesting person who's been on the show many times before.

She is a comedian of note, currently on a worldwide tour that takes place primarily within the United States of America.

Please welcome to the show Rhea Butcher.

Yeah, but first.

But first.

Always go but first.

Always.

Always in her room but first.

Do you think Julie Chen goes, literally goes into a room with her ass just to get, I'm sorry, Julie Chen Moonves as she introduces herself now.

She's really dropping that Moonves.

Really dropping it.

I realize not a lot of people know what I'm talking about.

That is her catchphrase, but first.

But first.

Oh, yeah, now I got it.

Yeah, she definitely goes ass first.

Because it always, she would always turn to another camera and say, but first and very robotically and that became her catchphrase.

But first.

Turn the other way around.

Les Moonves, but first.

But first, always.

Yeah, he's into the but first.

Hello Rhea.

Hi Scott, how are you?

Oh, at the same time.

Blabia Saint Hymen!

What do you think Blabia's deal is?

I've never heard the like of him or her.

No, I mean, I'm going to guess that it, hey, it could be a non-binary saint.

I don't know.

Sure.

Patron saint.

Who was the first, who was the patron saint of non-binary?

Me.

Let us award you a sainthood.

Yay!

Kill me.

Now.

Yeah, no, I don't know what their deal is.

Very into Mediterranean food.

What's on your shirt?

The shirt underneath this is a fake Ramones shirt.

For Linda Ronstadt.

I love it.

Can I tell you that I am nine years old and I've never had a Ramones shirt or a fake Ramones shirt.

You're 98 years old.

Yeah.

That is incredible.

That's what I heard.

I've never, you know, just like, I don't eat a lot of dairy.

Mm-hmm.

You a Linda Ronstadt fan or did you just the.

Yes.

I really like Linda Ronstadt a lot.

Yeah.

Which, what's the best?

I mean, I really like her version of When Will I Be Loved?

Mm-hmm.

When will she be loved?

Did she ever find, did she ever put out a song?

Oh, I'm loved now.

No, I'm loved.

But first, I'm loved.

But first, I heard her version of Allison not 24 hours ago.

Yeah.

It's wonderful.

Good one.

She's got that saxophone getting in there.

She has a saxophone of a voice, you know what I mean?

Yeah.

I don't need to impersonate a saxophone, do I?

No, you do.

Oh, I do.

I liked it.

I was like, you know what I'm gonna say?

I was gonna say Trump's saxophone.

But then I was like, you can't say that.

No, you can't say that these days.

It doesn't really.

What if Donald Trump had decided, he was like, I got the steaks, I got the vodka, instead of running for president, I'm gonna start putting out a line of saxophones.

I mean, that would have been so much better.

What a wonderful alternate universe that would be.

A wonderful, wonderful alternate universe.

Just him and Bill Clinton on saxophones.

Oh my god, I didn't even think about the Bill Clinton connection.

Both of them could have not been president.

If not for that saxophone, would Bill Clinton...

Christ.

Yeah.

I don't know.

Just think about all the dominoes that had to fall in order for Bill Clinton and Trump to both be in there.

And they both are involving saxophones.

Bill Clinton in the real world and Trump in this alternate universe.

They transcend alternate universe.

You ever think about that, about all of the circumstance and certainly the pomp that have led you to sitting in this very room?

All the time.

What if I wouldn't have turned left when I turned right?

That's right.

I used to hear when I was a single gentleman, I used to hear about all these stories about like, I turned around, I just thought I would, I didn't know where I was going, but I turned left around a corner and there was my wife.

We bumped into each other and now we're married.

And so I was thinking like...

How many times did you hear that story?

You would hear it a lot of just how chance...

People just yelling it on the street.

Exactly.

People would be yelling it at me.

People would yell it at the street.

I just met my wife!

People at the street.

So I would just think maybe I'm walking straight too much.

I need to start making like crazy lefts.

You need to walk a lot gayer and then you'll run into your wife.

I guarantee it.

That's cool.

She loves a gay walk.

She loves a gay turn.

A gay walking gentleman.

Not jaywalking.

Gay walking.

Smell the sick.

What if Jay Leno decided to do a jaywalking segment just of gay people?

Yes!

Gay walking!

Can we get Jay on the phone?

Get him out of his gay rush.

Get him out of the gay rush.

Jay Leno's gay rush?

That's another one!

God damn it!

Jay, where are you in our time of need?

The LGBTQ plus community needs you.

You forgot IA, but I forgive you.

What's IA again?

I believe...

IATSE?

They're getting involved now.

IATOLA.

I believe it's intersex and asexual.

There is some discussion and disagreement on that.

So that's why I said I believe and I'm not sure.

So nobody, please don't, please.

It's still in flux.

At some point we're going to say all the letters.

I agree!

It'll just be the ABCDEFG HIJKLMNOP community.

Everybody fits into something.

That's why I just say queer now.

And then there's people that really don't like that.

But that's, like, god damn it.

Those are genitals when you think about them.

Everything fits into something.

Yeah, everything fits into something.

Yeah, exactly.

Somewhere out there.

Somewhere out there, out where dreams, genitals go into something else.

You let the street about finding a wife.

Ria, you're one of our best comedians out there.

Absolutely.

Pounding the pavement.

Pounding it.

Every single monthly, if not weekly.

If not minutely.

Yeah.

What is your writing process like?

What do you do?

What is it?

Do you just...

What am I trying to say?

But first.

Switch the question to what am I trying to say?

What are you trying to say?

Yeah.

What am I trying to say?

That's what I'm asking you.

No, I, let's see.

I mostly, I get up and then I'm like, you should have been writing already.

And then I get mad at myself for a couple hours about writing.

What time does Ria Butcher get up?

Seven.

Seven?

Mm-hmm.

Has that always been the case?

Pretty consistently.

Really?

I got a couple weeks back there where I was getting up at 10.

But that was because I went on some dates and I went to San Francisco, Boise, Portland, and Seattle in that amount of days.

What about girlsie?

Girlsie?

Yeah, exactly.

You know?

Girlsie.

I mean, I've been pretty girlsie most of my life.

I thought if they were right next to each other.

Yeah, they should be hanging out.

And Boise just had men in it.

And maybe the Boystamen.

They were there too.

That's the bridge though.

Right.

To Menzie.

Yes, Boise, Menzie.

When did you first get your Menzies?

Speaking of which.

Well, I crossed a bridge and it just flowed right out of me.

Underneath and around.

The river of blood underneath.

Oh, look, the Menzies.

Mm.

But so, so 7, 7am, you're like, the cock has crowed.

Oh no.

I need to get to writing.

I actually, there's a rooster that lives next door to me.

Is there really?

And a pot-bellied pig.

Okay.

What, what is your neighbor's deal here?

I don't know.

Like there's not.

You've never asked.

No, because they're, they're one of those.

I would think day one.

I would think so too.

Hey, what's the deal with that rooster?

But they're very much like not neighbors you talk to.

Oh, okay.

They're very much like no, no, no, no.

So I haven't, but I have like gone on my tiptoes to check out that little.

Oh, you gotta get on those things.

You gotta get on those tippy toes and check out this piggy wiggy next to you.

She mostly just is like snorting and they feed her and stuff and she just hangs out.

I think she's lonely, honestly.

Do you live on a farm in the Midwest?

I don't live on, I mean, I look like I do, but I don't live on a farm in the Midwest.

You'd think I do.

So come eight o'clock AM, what do you have?

Your morning libations, yogurt?

I get some yogurt in me and then try to do a meditation and my brain is like, you should be doing other things.

So that's why I'm not a thing.

A lot of people say that writing comes the easiest right when you wake up because your brain is in this state of anything can happen.

And it's been, it's been recharging for, for you know, anywhere between a, I like to sleep a good 16 hours.

Sure.

Yeah.

And that's the exact time when you should just get up and just start jotting things down.

I try to do that too, but usually I have to eat or shit.

Yeah.

Then you're like, I can't.

Wouldn't life be better if we didn't have to do either of those?

And I feel like they're connected.

Yeah, they're definitely connected.

Top three things.

Somehow top three things I would get rid of bodily functions.

I don't want to eat.

I don't want to shit and I don't want to clip my fingernails anymore.

Yeah.

And then add to, you know, someone like me, the shaving.

Yeah.

Although it is kind of fun sometimes to be like, look at this goofy mustache I have.

I mean, that's the one thing jealous of it.

I have a single chin hair.

Oh yeah.

Let me take a look at that.

I can't get it with my, I just keep curling it with my fingernails.

It looks like you have a curling iron for that.

It's like a children's birthday present down there.

So then you sit down at a computer or are you longhand?

I'm trying to use paper because if I get on a computer, then I get on social media and then my day is ruined.

Yeah, exactly.

Because it's bad.

It's very bad.

The computer, it holds the key to all of it.

You're writing, but then you're one click away from wasting time on it.

Yeah.

From finding out all this bullshit and people yelling at you, which is like, I want to be yelled at.

I think that's part of it is that I like being yelled at.

Yeah.

We do like to be yelled at these days.

Don't we?

We really engage in going to websites where we're going to get yelled at.

And you like to yell at other people.

Yeah.

I don't need to yell at people and I don't need to say a thing that I definitely know people are going to yell at me for.

Right.

Leave that to the standup.

Yeah.

Leave that to being on stage and being paid for it.

Right.

Tell us about your dates you got coming up.

I know you're just tearing a swath through the United States.

I'm just tearing butt first through the United States.

Just tearing the US a new butthole.

With my actual butthole.

What do you think the US's butthole is?

We've talked about Maine being its erect penis and Florida being its droopy dick.

So question real quick.

Stop.

The questions don't usually start with stop.

Stop.

If it's the thirties and I sent you a telegram.

There's two dicks of the United States.

Question.

Stop.

Well, yes.

Hee-haw.

Wire him as much money as he needs.

Zuzu's petals.

Stop.

My brother.

Merry Christmas, you old building won't stop.

So America doesn't technically have two dicks, but I believe it has one dick that's in the one is in the past and one is in the present.

Does that make sense?

Yeah.

I mean, at this point, yes.

So what would the butthole be?

Because it seems to me like if that's profile, then Los Angeles would be the butthole.

Yeah.

I mean, it would be.

San Diego.

And then it seems to me like Southern California.

Canada's the pubes.

Interesting.

Yeah, I guess so.

I guess.

Would Hawaii be the butthole?

It's the furthest down.

Oh no.

Hawaii seems like the fart cloud.

I don't want to do that to Hawaii.

Hawaii, the toot of the United States.

I wasn't allowed to say fart when I was a kid.

You weren't.

I had to say toot.

So now you are able to say it.

I'm allowed to say whatever I want.

But do you feel guilty now?

I still get a twinge of remorse.

I was not allowed to say it either.

And the one time my mom said it accidentally, it made us all laugh until we were blue in the face.

I'm still laughing.

I actually just stopped right before I got here.

I was like, oh, got to do the show.

You had a big old fart laugh.

Yeah.

So when you go out there on stage on all these dates, you guarantee you will be saying the word fart.

Oh, for sure.

Yeah.

I'll bring up fart.

Yeah.

How many jokes, how many fart-related jokes, because I know you're acting and it's very below the belt.

Totally.

All the way through.

But first.

How many fart-related jokes do you think you have?

300.

Almost one for every day of the year.

You can make a daily calendar.

I like to not.

Get 65 more.

Yeah.

Unless it were next year.

You got to have a vacation from it though.

It's like.

66 more.

Yeah.

You don't want to.

That's too much.

365 fart jokes is too many jokes.

Too many jokes.

300 is a nice round number though.

Go out there.

What cities are you hitting?

I'll be in Santa Ana.

That's like 30 minutes away.

But it's a LGBTQIA plus fundraiser.

Okay.

I'm doing that February 16th.

And when you, you, you agreed to do one of those because it sounds good in theory.

I didn't know that's what it was when I said yes.

What are they raising money for?

For the center.

Oh, okay.

For a center, yeah.

Okay.

So a building.

For a building.

You're giving money to a building.

Building and loan.

All right.

I'm giving money to the center, not just to LGBTQIA plus people all around the globe.

Everybody gets.

So you're basically paying some slumlord some money.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

I'm paying, I'm, I'm, I'm a filthy capitalist.

You know?

Right.

Okay.

And then March 1st, I'll be at Thalia Hall in Chicago.

March 1st, butt first.

Chicago.

Chicago at Thalia Hall.

Thalia Hall.

Thalia Hall, however it's pronounced.

And then the next night I'll be in New York at the Gramercy Theater on the 2nd.

And then the following weekend starting Thursday, which I think is the 7th, I'll be in Burlington, Vermont at the Vermont Comedy Club.

Okay.

And then at the end of the month, the 19th through the 23rd, I'll be at the Amphibian Stage.

That's right.

I'm a fish in Fort Worth, Texas.

Now you're able to reproduce via eggs.

Is that correct?

Oh yeah.

Yeah.

Okay.

And you'll be showing, supposedly showing the entire audience that.

Absolutely.

Yes.

Sure.

I have like, you know, when you're a kid and you're learning about farm stuff and then they would take you, they would show you the cow with the whole cut out of it.

You have a very different childhood from me.

I didn't experience it.

You know when you're a kid and they're teaching you about farm stuff and they show you the cut out of the cow?

No.

I didn't really experience that firsthand, but it was around my world.

Is this your comedy, by the way, like saying very specific things that have happened to you and then trying to make them relatable?

You know how?

Yes, that's actually what my comedy is.

When your neighbor has a pot-bellied pig and a rooster.

And you're like on your tippy toes and then you fall over.

That happens to everybody daily, right?

All right.

Go see a Rea Butcher.

Come see me.

And my cow's stomach.

Yes, that's right.

You have udders down there and anywhere that it counts really.

Udders first.

All right.

Go see Rea if you're able and if you're not able.

What the hell is wrong with you?

We need to get to our next guest.

Is that OK?

I mean, we're going to be talking to various types of people on the show with various backgrounds.

Great.

I do want to find out who, what's the udders of the United States?

That's true.

I guess it would be Texas because they're drooping down there, you know.

But also Oklahoma gives the look of it.

Yeah, that's true.

And it's very close to the bottom.

That's me playing with them.

Yeah, that's an udder solo.

That is the universally recognized sound effect for playing with tits and udders and...

Right?

Tiny ones.

All right, let's get to it.

I'm sure our next guest will be very, very happy that he's immediately following a titty sound effect.

Sound effect?

That's a good way to...

They call it SFX, but that takes longer than saying sound effect.

Sound effect.

He is part of the space program, I'm presuming from NASA.

Please welcome to the show Devon Westinghouse.

Hey, what's up?

Hey, how are you, Devon?

Yeah.

I'm sorry.

I said Devon earlier because I didn't notice the...

My name's Devon.

I didn't notice the accent above the O.

Yeah, I don't know.

Yeah.

Anyway, how are you, Devon?

It's great to see you.

I'm great, man.

Just getting ready for this space trip.

Yeah, this is Rhea, by the way.

What's up, Devon?

Comedian.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

That was funny.

Oh, you liked it?

Oh, okay.

When you was talking about the fart clouds from Hawaii.

Oh, you like it?

Yeah.

You ever been to Hawaii?

Nah, man.

I've seen it though.

Oh, from where?

From...

When I was in orbit.

Oh, you've been up?

I mean, you've seen it from space.

Yeah, man.

How many space trips have you taken?

Like 19.

Whoa.

Do you have a punch card for that or?

Huh?

20th free?

Nah, man.

You just wonder, you get a car wash after the...

You get a rocket wash.

Rocket wash.

So you say you have an upcoming space trip?

And this will be your 20th?

Yeah.

This is going to be my 20th trip to space.

Wow.

I'm going.

To space.

Yeah, man.

X, X.

I'm trying to get to that moon, and then I'm trying to go to Mars.

So you're trying to get to the moon?

Yeah, I'm trying to get...

You haven't gotten there yet?

Nah, man.

A couple times we...

Have these been failed space trips or just that hasn't been part of your...

Few times we try to get up there, we get about halfway there, and then we like, yo, we gotta go back.

Did you forget something?

Yeah, like one time we forgot some stuff that we was going to use when we got there, so we were like, yo, let's go back.

Like spacesuits?

What do you use when you get up there?

Like a tripod for your camera?

Yeah, for real.

And then the next thing was the spacesuits, and we were like, one dude was like, let's just do it.

And we're like, what?

No, man, we can't.

That doesn't seem safe.

Yeah, that seems...

We can't do that.

I think you would freeze to death.

Nah, man.

I mean, I thought about it, because we did have some saran wrap.

Right.

So I could have wrapped that around my face.

Right, yeah.

But that'll probably still be too cold.

Probably, yeah.

No, I think it's good that you went back.

Suffocation hazard, perhaps, but just, I'm no scientist.

What do you say to mission control when suddenly you have to abort the mission like that?

Just like, yo, my bad, mission control, we forgot to grab them spacesuits.

That almost seems like it should be their problem.

Weird that they put that on you, yeah.

Yeah.

Well, because what had happened is they set them outside the capsule for us.

On a hanger with a note?

Couple little hangers with our names on them.

That's a don't forget these.

Oh, yeah.

Yeah, we just blew right past them.

You were excited.

You wanted to get there.

We were laughing.

We were making jokes.

So we just hopped in the capsule and closed it up.

You go with the same crew every single trip?

It switches up.

Every mission, NASA has these people on the council that be picking everybody.

The high council of NASA?

Yeah, it's like- Is there an order of 12 or something like that?

It's 14.

14, yeah.

Yeah, it's 14.

And they just sit in their office and they just look at people's pictures and stuff and put different combinations together.

Does the council of NASA, there's 14 of them, does that correspond to the number of planets or number of galaxies that are out there?

Yeah, it corresponds to when NASA first started, there was only a couple guys and one guy before he came in the meeting, it was his time to buy donuts.

And so he went to pick up some donuts and he was going to get a dozen donuts.

But then when he showed up with the box, they opened it up, there was 14 donuts.

Oh.

So it was a cup.

They were like, yo, this- Extra donuts.

At that point, it was a couple of guys, you say?

But he was getting a dozen.

They had a lot of work to do.

They need their energy, Scott.

Yeah.

And so, but that's just some NASA lore.

That's some fun NASA lore for your listeners.

Right.

Good.

Thank you for bringing that.

I appreciate it.

Well, that's what we do here is we try to get into the background and find out things that maybe aren't commonly known.

No doubt.

What does NASA stand for again?

It- needle- It's not the North American man.

No, that's something different.

No, it's needle, needles are safe always.

Needles are safe always.

Like the Space Needle.

Yeah.

Like, you know, the Space Needle?

Oh.

It's like, so like NASA, basically when they built the Space Needle, everybody was scared of it.

Oh yeah.

It's very sharp looking.

So that's why they started NASA to kind of help people get over the fear of that.

It just sort of developed into space.

Yeah.

I would imagine that you take a look at the Space Needle and you'd have a fear of like, say I take a plane trip or something, I fall out of the plane and suddenly I go butt first down onto the Space Needle.

That'd be bad.

Butt first onto that needle.

Get down to butt first.

Yeah.

Hmm.

Ouch.

Fart cloud.

Yeah.

Just a big fart cloud comes out.

Yeah, exactly.

And you're stuck up there on that needle.

Big old Hawaii popping out.

Yeah.

Cutting your fingernails.

So you have a trip coming up.

You say you're trying to get to the moon and then after that, Mars?

Yeah, I'm trying to go basically like, look, so here I'm going to go.

I'm going to try to get up.

We're going to get up to the moon.

Okay.

And then from the moon.

You've never been there before?

Nah, man.

Never made it.

Okay.

But we're going to get up to the moon.

We're going to set up a couple of things, you know, chop it up, you know, and then.

I guess I don't know what you mean by chop it up.

Set up a couple of things.

Just like talk things out with, you know, my friends and stuff and just kind of like, you know.

Oh, like a chill hang.

Like a hot spot, stuff like that, and then from the moon, we going to go to Mars.

You backpacking?

You just bringing a backpack?

I mean, I personally am only bringing a backpack.

Some of the other dudes are going to be bringing some more stuff, but you know, I always got my backpack.

Yeah.

So you're trying.

What is the purpose of making a short trip?

Do you need to gas up or something?

I don't know exactly what the purpose is to go to the moon first and then to Mars.

It seems like it would be quicker just to go to Mars.

Oh, yeah, because see, the moon is moving.

So we go.

Everything's moving as far as I know.

Yeah, it's all moving.

Right.

So like the moon's going to like spin us around and then we're going to.

Oh, it's like a moon.

What they call a moon shot.

So like a moon shot.

The orbiting the moon will suddenly slingshot you over to Mars.

Is that what that is?

That whenever you lickety split lickety split.

How long will it take you?

A couple of hours, like four or four or five hours.

Oh, no, I think I mean, I think it'll take a little longer than that.

Or do you mean do you mean how long the.

I'm talking about to get to Mars.

Four or five hours, four or five hours, depending on traffic, depending on.

Yeah.

I mean, if there's a lot of traffic out there, come on.

You know, you got you got if we end up doing if we do end up going out on like a Friday or Saturday, they're going to be some traffic.

If it's two thirty, it's like two thirty.

Forget it.

I know.

Yeah.

You got you already catch up on comedy, bang, bang.

What you got to do, but you got to be ready carpool lane.

But still, it doesn't really.

Oh, yeah, I got the stickers because it's an electric vehicle.

Yeah.

You know, we we're going in electric vehicle.

You know, I was still really electric.

It seems to me like it would be powered by rockets that would take a lot of fuel.

No, man.

But about 50, 60 Duracell Duracell batteries.

Really?

They're just just totally electric now.

Just taking you right up.

Oh, is that why it's so fast?

Yeah.

You've seen electricity before.

It's like, I don't know.

I've ever seen it.

It's real fast.

It's results.

Electricity is the fastest, dude.

OK.

Why did you become an astronaut?

How did you get interested in this?

Yeah.

It's a pretty simple question.

At first it was like.

I don't need to repeat it.

At first it was kind of like a joke.

Like I was like I was I was hanging out with some of my friends at a park.

We were playing basketball.

We looked over.

We saw a couple of nerds like with like some notebooks and stuff.

And I was like, yo, look, I'm going to go over there, pretend I'm like one of these nerds.

And then it just stuck.

So there were some nerds passing by who presumably were worked on.

What they were doing, they were like sitting at the bench and they were like holding something up to the sky and looking at a shadow or something, write numbers on it on like a, you know, legal pad or something.

And I like walked over and was like, hey, there are nerds.

Oh, I'm a nerd, too.

Oh, my God.

You sound just like an astronaut.

Yeah.

So wait a minute.

Is that the voice that you use when you're at NASA?

Now, for the first couple of years I did.

I was always talking like that.

But then, you know, one day I was like, look, y'all, this is my real voice.

OK, so you did me.

You had a coming out party.

I had to come out to them.

Yeah.

As a as a cool person.

It's just as just a fun LGBTQ, I see.

See.

So plus plus C, I'm a programming code.

So you how did they take that when they were like, oh, he's not technically one of us, but know what?

They just said like, hey, man.

OK, wow.

That's very I mean, that was Bobby Houston said that to me.

Bobby Houston.

Yeah.

He did not have a problem.

No.

Wow.

So you just fit right in.

Did you find you had an aptitude for it?

Are you some sort of hidden genius?

Oh, yeah.

I mean, you see you see that movie Ender's Game.

I think I read it.

I didn't read it, nor did I see the movie.

I heard some weird things about Orson Scott Card and I kind of weird.

Oh, you're weird, though.

Right.

OK.

You see.

Did you see the movie?

Are we just going to go through Johnny Mnemonic until you find some?

Did you see Johnny Mnemonic?

Did not see Johnny Mnemonic either.

Young Einstein.

How about Young Einstein?

With Yahoo!

Series?

I did not see that one.

OK.

All right.

I'm going to have to.

OK.

Did you see Star Wars?

Which one?

Because that obviously if you're a return of the Jedi, return of the Jedi.

I did see Return of the Jedi.

OK.

You know that little Ewok with the Red Hood?

Yeah, I remember.

I'm like him at NASA.

OK.

So you kind of came in.

You stand out a little bit.

Yeah.

I got a little bit of a personality.

You know, I'm fun.

I'm like, you know, trying to like do like the other, you know, big people things, you know, stuff like that.

Right.

OK.

I get that.

Is that why you're wearing the Red Hood?

That's what that's basically.

Yes.

Why?

Where is, you know, they call me wicked.

They call you wicked?

Wicked.

I was going to say Wicked, of course, is a Broadway Spanish musical regarding the Wizard of Oz characters.

Yeah, man.

I love that musical.

You do?

I have it printed on a gold album that I'm taking to space.

Oh, so do you hope to meet any life forms that are out there?

Yeah, definitely.

Yeah.

What do you think you'll find on Mars?

Like I said, there's a lot of nerds, right?

Sure.

OK.

You know, when you go into space, you don't know if you're going to run into a bully or somebody.

OK, so I see.

You know, you're going to pick on the nerds.

So if you are a space bouncer?

On the, yeah, on the.

I'm kind of there.

Make sure everything's cool.

Just in case, like when, you know, we meet life outside of Earth, that is cool.

And we want, you know, them to think that Earthlings are not bad.

You're sort of our ambassador.

Is that?

I'm like the I'm like the brand ambassador.

OK.

Yeah.

I noticed you're wearing a lot of different brands in addition to that red hood.

Yeah.

I got sponsorship from a lot of brands.

Who's sponsoring your trip?

Influencer.

Yeah.

People consider me kind of an influencer.

That is true.

OK.

Yeah.

So, you know, yeah, like this Pennzoil.

Pennzoil.

A very cool brand.

That's a cool brand.

You know, see, General Mills over here.

General Mills.

So like Captain Crunch and Cheerios.

Everything.

The honeybee.

What kind of vodka you got going?

Huh?

Yeah.

Any vodka?

Oh, you know, I'm all about that Sky vodka.

But are they sponsoring you?

No, they're not sponsoring me yet.

I'm hoping to get a sponsorship from them.

Because I noticed it's Pennzoil, General Mills, a lot of Americana brands.

There's yeah.

Yeah.

Standard Oil.

Yeah.

Crisco.

I noticed.

Yeah.

Crisco Tyson.

Kraft.

Right.

Yeah.

Heinz.

I see there on your elbow.

Yeah.

They sponsor my elbow.

Also, it looks like you just have a general, like just gasoline.

Like the concept of gasoline.

Yeah.

It just says gasoline.

Yeah.

Gasoline.

On your legs.

Yeah.

That's just the oil company.

Yeah.

That's weird.

Yeah.

That was from my Alaska trip.

I see fracking on there.

Yeah.

I see.

Got it.

Oh, okay.

Yeah.

So now- It's a little confusing though within the context.

So I get it.

You're kind of our insurance policy in case aliens are bullies and they see the nerds who normally would go up there and they're like, we got to destroy all these people because obviously they're going to be easy pickings.

You're up there to- And I do all the math.

Like all the math that- Oh, you do?

You do all the math as well.

He's a math guy.

All like the quick math.

You know, like if they're like, oh quick, we need to know like what, how much times this is going to equal this divided by that.

Right.

They turn to me.

Should I test you on this?

Yeah, man.

Throw something at me.

What you got?

Okay.

You know, I would imagine math gets very, very complicated.

It is.

We'll start kind of simple.

Space math for sure.

All right.

So why don't we do nine times nine divided by three?

Okay.

Four.

Hmm.

I'm not sure that's checking out exactly.

It may not check out here on earth, but take that calculator to space and look at the number.

Oh, and then turn it upside down.

Boobs.

What are the boobs of the US?

Uh.

Vermont?

The Dakotas.

Oh yeah.

Hey.

North and south, am I right?

Get the Dakotas on that one.

All right.

We need to take a break.

We're running out of time in our first segment, but can you guys stick around?

Devon, is that cool?

We have someone from the Boston Police Department coming up.

Where are you from by the way?

Where are you from?

I say these are easy, easy questions.

You're from Boston.

Oh, great.

Okay.

Yeah, me too.

Uh, and uh, Rhea, you can stick around as well.

I hope.

Yeah.

Okay, great.

We'll be right back with more Comedy Bang Bang after this.

Comedy Bang Bang.

We're back here.

Rhea Butcher on tour over the next month.

It sounds like she's going to about four cities in the next six weeks.

Yep.

Booking it out as we speak, Scott.

Getting paid at most of them.

At an alarming rate.

Yeah.

We also have Devon Westinghouse who is a part of NASA who goes up there.

He's the cool astronaut who's out there to make sure that aliens do not attack us and also does space math.

You got it.

Or is at least told by his fellow NASA people that he does the math.

I wonder how often they actually use his, uh, the results of his calculations.

Okay.

Um, but it's time to get to our next guest.

He is a part of the Boston.

He's part, he, is everything all right over there?

Everything's plugging in a couple of things.

Plugging in some things.

Okay.

Do you want me to, should I lengthen your introduction?

Uh, where are you?

I'm set up here.

You're set up now.

You're all ready to go.

How you doing Scott?

I'm good.

I haven't introduced you.

I do.

Do you mind if I do that before we get to the questionings?

I wasn't doing anything.

Don't look, don't look guilty.

I didn't say you were doing anything.

You're not very defensive.

Words coming out of your mouth.

I know what that means.

And usually when someone talks, I got something to say.

Okay.

Let me introduce you.

I haven't said your name.

You're a part of the Boston homicide department.

Please welcome Detective James P. Garrity.

Detective James P. Garrity.

And I'm not here for anybody's entertainment.

I'm actually here to talk to you about a cold case.

So I do have to tell you, you have a right to have a lawyer in the room.

If you want a lawyer, you have the right to have a lawyer.

I do?

Okay.

I don't think I need a lawyer.

I mean, I mean, I, but I did fill out like a survey once, like one of those like quizzes with the universal life church.

Yeah.

I'm like a ordained lawyer.

Oh, okay.

Okay.

I'll have my lawyer in the room.

Yeah.

Okay.

Well, if that makes you feel safer, that's fine.

We're just going to L L G B T Q I A.

I'm just looking to talk.

I don't want to get like make this too serious.

I'm just looking to talk to you about a couple of things.

Doesn't sound serious to me.

He'd probably just talk.

This is talking.

This is Devon by the way.

He's part of NASA.

Hey, dude, what part of Boston you're from?

Huh?

What part of Boston are you from?

Oh, the east side.

Oh, great side over there.

Great pizza.

Hey, listen, Scott, before we get started, I just wanted to make sure you graduated high school, right?

Everybody graduates high school.

People everywhere.

I wouldn't say everyone graduates high school.

I think the statistics are probably somewhere around 60% or so.

You sound confident in that.

That sounds, just let me write that down.

I'm just guessing.

I'm going to let you right now know that I am recording this whole conversation.

Oh, that's, I'm recording it too.

Is that okay?

I mean, this is a podcast.

That's fine.

Just, and you can just let me know what are you going to do with your recording?

Oh, I'm going to upload it to the internet.

Yes.

Devon, you, you, you, you had a sharp intake of breath and you opened your mouth as if you're going to say something.

And then I looked at you, I said, Devon, and you said, huh?

Oh, sorry, man.

I'm just, this is just what I do.

Devon, I just want to let you know, you also have a right to have a lawyer in the room.

If you want one, that is your right.

I will be recording the entire session.

Okay.

So do you want a lawyer or?

Nah, man, I don't need a lawyer.

Okay.

That's good.

Cause we're just talking.

We're just having a normal conversation.

Sounds like just a chat, right?

It's just conversation.

It's just easy chat.

Going to ask you some questions.

That's the old school tape recorder he got though.

That is an old school tape recorder.

That's giant, reel to reel.

That is old.

I find that I find it more dependent than some of this digital technology.

I, sorry, I didn't get exactly catch.

I find it more dependent than some of this digital technology.

Listen, I'm going to get right to the point though.

I just want to, no, you, did you graduate high school?

Did I graduate?

I did.

Yes.

You graduated.

I just by the skin of my teeth.

Yes.

You like that?

Was that a good time?

Did I like it?

Hung out in high school.

You had a good time.

Hung out with people.

Graduating or the?

You went to parties all the time.

Pre-graduating.

Did I have a good time?

Did you go to parties?

Did you go to the party?

I tried not to while I was in high school.

If you could, you didn't want to where I was.

So you didn't go to the party when you were in high school?

I do remember I had one time, one time, fun time, where I just had to let it rip.

One time, fun time, you let it rip.

And can you remember, was that a one or two?

That was a two.

That's what you were trying not to do.

Or at the very least you would try to get a hall pass during class when it would be unattended.

Sure.

Excuse my French, but we're talking about a poop.

Yeah.

You set the parameters, I believe.

You said one or two.

What did you mean by one or two?

I just meant feet long.

Feet long.

Feet long?

Yeah.

One or two feet long.

Oh, what?

Oh, I hopefully not that long.

That's a long poop.

I don't know.

It curls up too.

It's hard to get an accurate measurement.

That's all right.

You don't have to.

I mean, sometimes memories, you get foggy, right?

Well, sure.

I mean, we're talking several decades ago.

I couldn't tell you.

Clearly, you don't remember everything from high school.

That's the way it is.

That's what I'm talking about.

Because I got a cold case happening at your high school and I wanted to ask you some questions about that.

At my high school, Cypress High School in California?

That's interesting that you know the name of it.

Okay.

Let's move on.

It is kind of interesting that you know the name of it, though.

That is a little odd, I must say.

As your lawyer, I would have to agree it is pretty odd.

Okay.

Thank you.

And again, I'm not here for anybody's entertainment.

I'm here to get to the bottom of something.

What are you getting to the bottom of?

You say a cold case?

You took science classes in...

Barely.

But you did?

Physics and biology, maybe.

That's the biology I wanted to hear on it for just a second.

Okay.

What was your favorite part about the biology classroom?

Well, I can tell you my least favorite part would be dissecting the frogs, dissecting the worms.

Open cow stomach.

Yeah.

Pretty terrible.

Yeah.

Terrible stuff.

Fistula.

But you did, right?

You got in there and you...

I did it, sure.

But we were required to by the teacher.

Otherwise we would...

You were required, but you could have stopped for yourself, I think.

I don't know for sure.

Probably.

I probably would have received a lower grade.

Oh.

So grades are important.

That's fun.

And did you...

In this time you used to party, was that coming out of a biology class?

I don't...

I think this was in between classes.

This is what I'm talking about.

It's interesting that you can't remember this.

You remember the name of your high school.

Is there anybody else thinking that's weird?

Devon?

Yeah, man.

I mean, this is definitely one of the more suspicious things that I've ever been a party to.

Hold on, Devon.

You are a guy who impersonated a nerd at NASA for two years.

Yeah, but I came clean on that.

I mean, we're all just talking here.

I want to remind you again, you're not under arrest yet.

Yet.

All I'm doing is talking to you.

Okay.

I want you to tell me...

I have nothing to hide, so you can ask me any questions.

Well, it seems like you have something to hide when you have selective memory.

That's all I'm saying.

So when I ask you about this biology class...

Okay.

You tell me you didn't like going in and beating up these frogs.

I want to know.

No.

I mean, I was just telling you before we...

They came dead already.

That would be a horrible part of biology class if you had to strangle the frogs to death before you dissected them.

Although I guess it would teach you more about life and death than just opening up a pre-dead frog.

That's exactly right.

And I want to ask you, do you know for sure how those frogs made it to that room?

I don't know.

Yeah.

How do they?

It's not like you can go to the pet store and just get 30 frogs.

That's true.

And the only thing that's fun is you are a part of that crime because there were 30 frog spots that...

It is animal cruelty when you really think about it.

I mean...

It's more than animal cruelty.

It's animal...

Do you say cruelty?

Yeah.

There's animal cruelty, but there's also animal cruelty.

Animal cruelty is animals making animals look cooler than they actually are.

Spuds McKenzie.

Yeah.

Number one with a bullet.

Like in the top 10 of the FBI's most wanted, Spuds McKenzie is right up there.

Joe Campbell.

Yeah.

Who'd you say?

Joe Campbell.

Joe Campbell?

I thought you said Joe Campbell.

I was very confused as to who that was.

Joseph Campbell, man.

Yeah.

Joseph Campbell.

No, but Joe Campbell.

Wasn't that based on Joe Campbell?

Joseph Campbell?

Yeah, Joe Campbell was definitely based on them.

Probably like they were like, oh, the power myth will help us sell cigarettes.

Like Joseph Campbell is very popular.

Let's do a...

Put that on a pocket tee.

That's a case of animal cruelty right there.

Yeah.

Animal cruelty is when you take 30 frogs and you beat them up.

Beat them up.

And those frogs were beat up and then brought into your room and were trying to fight.

I don't remember.

I honestly, I don't remember how I believe the frog was just presented in front of me.

Do you mind if I hook this up to you?

This is just a quick little lie detector.

Ow.

God, that hurts.

And then I'm going to strap this to this.

Ow.

Stop.

This is going to feel weird.

This has to go in here.

Oh.

That, ah.

Oh, man.

Why around, why, why, why?

It's right in your San Diego.

Why butt first?

We call it putting the Hawaii back inside.

Okay.

All right.

What do you, sure.

What do you need to ask me?

Okay.

So just tell me right now that you've never beat up a frog in your life.

Can I ask, is the, is the crime that I'm suspected of committing is beating up a frog?

You said that.

I didn't say that.

Michigan J. Frog, by the way.

No, no, no.

Cool tea.

Number three.

50% of the time, though.

Yeah.

Have you ever had ill feelings towards a frog?

I, I was, I do have to admit that, uh, when, when I was in the seventh grade and I was delivering papers for the Orange County Register that, uh, suddenly, I don't know how it happened, but in the apartment complex that I was delivering papers at, there were hundreds of frogs descended upon me and I was scared out of my life.

I'd never seen the like before.

I've never seen the like since, uh, but there's some sort of rain brought them all out or something.

That was scary.

That was very, very scary.

Scary, scary enough that you may have blacked out, beat up 30 of them, brought them into a classroom.

I don't think that I...

Have you been doing any drugs, smoking and dope?

What would the kids do back when you went to high school?

They, uh, um, do, uh, uh, just a ton of cocaine.

The kids in your high school did a ton of cocaine?

In the high school I went to, we would, everybody did cocaine all day long.

All day long?

All day, from, not all day long, but from like 5 a.m. until...

Midnight.

Yeah, that's all day.

That's a five hour period where no one's doing cocaine.

And those are prime cocaine hours, as far as I know, midnight to 5 a.m.

That's when most people do it.

But it was available, uh, those other hours because not, you know, everyone else is doing it.

Yeah, we would use those five hours to just be awake and make more cocaine.

Oh, you actually made it yourself?

I'm not sure how we got on this because this is a, this is a part of my past I don't like to tell you.

By the way, you are able to have a lawyer present if you want.

Do you want Ria?

I can be your lawyer too if you want.

I would appreciate that.

And do you mind, I'm recording this as well, is that alright?

I just want to make a note.

For entertainment purposes or...

How many pounds of cocaine would you make a day?

Uh, well, depending on the amount of students we had, we could make upwards of like six, six, seven hundred thousand pounds.

Damn!

That's a lot of cocaine!

All the cocaine.

That's...

I mean...

In five hours?

In five hours, six to seven hundred thousand pounds of cocaine.

We had a lot of workers first.

What would you do with it?

We had a lot of...

We snort it.

You snort it all?

What about, did you sell it all?

Uh, no, it was a free, that's why we all worked together to make it.

Okay.

I came from a big high school though, so there was a lot of...

How many people were in your high school?

Million.

Million people in your high school?

That's a big high school.

Million.

Oh, well, million, million students, like two or three hundred thousand teachers.

I'm talking, they all...

A mil, only two hundred thousand teachers for a million students.

Yeah, that's like...

This class ratio shit, we gotta...

Hey, I'm gonna tell you right now...

They should go on strike.

I don't have to even do space math to tell you that that does not compute.

That's how it was, guys.

That's how it was when I...

Seems like it's five students per teacher.

I think it's all right.

This is how it was in the 1920s.

This is actually not bad.

1920s was a different time.

You know what I'm saying?

This is the 1920s.

I didn't realize you were as old as you are.

I am...

Because if you were in high school in the 1920s, even if it's 1929 and you were 14, that means that you were born in 1915, which means you're 104 years old.

You nailed it.

I'm a hundred-footer.

Really?

Just call me Nicole Byer, huh?

Because I nailed it.

Listen, can we please find out and take this cold case and close it?

Sure.

Just admit it to it.

You beat up the frogs.

I'm gonna tell you what I think happened.

Is that okay?

Okay, yeah.

Please, do the Colombo where you lay out the case.

You woke up.

It's a Tuesday.

We don't need to go back.

Tuesday morning.

Okay.

You're like, I gotta go do my paper route.

You get out there, you're pedaling along, 17, 18 hours.

You're tired.

You're grumpy.

Frogs start falling down around this building.

You're like, I can't handle this.

I'm mad at the world.

What am I gonna take it out on?

Well, these frogs would be pretty easy to beat up.

Beat the shit out of these little frogs.

You started with one.

You thought that would feed your soul.

And you were still hungry.

You beat up 30 of them.

One after another like a violent little bitch.

Like a what?

He's painting a pretty clear picture.

He's starting to insult me.

Well, I think the frog might have been the bitch.

I'm not sure.

Yeah, I'm talking about the frog.

As a lawyer to both of you, I have a follow up question.

Is Scott the bitch or is the frog the bitch?

I think that'll get cleared up in the next couple sentences.

All right, I'll allow it.

But watch yourself.

Are you the judge?

Yeah.

Well, that's how when you learn the look from both sides of the thing, then you become the judge.

Okay.

Who wants to be jury?

Who wants to be executioner?

I'll be the jury.

Okay, I'll be executioner.

Great.

I'll be Detective James P. Garrity.

Sure.

Yeah, 104 years old.

Did a lot of cocaine back in the 20s.

Made it.

The height of the cocaine era.

Sure.

Was it even illegal back then?

It was in Coca Cola.

I don't think it was.

It was in Coca Cola.

Yeah, everyone did.

And Campbell cigarettes.

Yeah.

Joseph Campbell cigarettes.

Animal cruelty.

So you beat up these frogs.

Stupid little bitches.

Again, who are you talking about?

The frogs are the bitches.

The frogs?

The frogs are.

The frogs are the bitch.

Okay.

You beat them up and then like a dumb little bitch, you ride your bike over the street.

Okay, so all of a sudden.

It's also a bitch.

It has been cleared up.

Yeah.

And I am insulted.

Yeah.

I'm writing that down on my legal pad because I'm a lawyer.

You sneak through the window and you replace the frozen frogs that the teacher probably responsibly had got.

And you replace them with these dirty frogs that you beat the shit out of to get rid of the evidence.

You crawl back out and you go take a two foot long poop.

What do you think?

That's the day.

That's where the two foot long poop comes in?

That's why you had it.

You were so nervous.

Nervous two foot long poop?

Let me ask you this.

In Hawaii.

Simple question with this lie detector.

Okay.

By the way, has it been giving you any readings during this?

It gives me little statements each time you say something.

This bitch is lying.

It's very personal.

This stupid little bitch is not telling the truth.

Did you get this lie detector at Spencer's gifts?

Yeah.

I thought so.

I know that I've got the same one at home.

I noticed your handcuffs are like, they're pink and fuzzy.

Yeah, are you eating penis pasta?

Yeah.

Listen, guys, I told you to make enough money.

This is detective.

So on Sundays.

Is that because you're spending all your money at Spencer's gifts?

It's hard because they give me a 30% discount.

So I do buy a lot of things.

It tempts you.

Yeah.

So you end up spending more with the discount than if?

I honestly have not been responsible with my money there.

Yeah.

Are you totally broke?

I don't, depends how you define broke.

I don't have any money.

Yeah.

Classic, classic definition.

That sounds broke.

Yeah.

You know, I don't know what the statute of limitations is on beating up a frog, but it seems probably do have expired by now.

Literally minutes.

So I'm just going to say, yeah, I did it.

And there's nothing you can do to me.

That's true.

All right.

I'm going to just pack up my stuff then.

Wait, that's it?

Godfather for three.

A good detective lets the line out, lets you go off and wander in the field, do a little flip flops all over the place, and then you tow you back in.

Right?

Yeah. Like that, like that big mouth bass that you're holding right there.

When's that going to start singing?

That's to make my point.

Like I put it on the wall.

Do you have any batteries?

I need a D battery.

Yeah.

Maybe we can get some batteries from here.

I got them all wrapped up in the shuttle baby.

Oh no.

All right.

Look, we need to take a break.

We'll be right back with more Comedy Bang Bang.

Comedy Bang Bang.

We're back here.

We have Rhea Butcher.

Yup.

A comedian extraordinaire.

Yeah.

Re.

Uh.

Rob.

We also have astronaut Devon Westinghouse here.

It is.

The coolest astronaut, the one that will prevent us from being incinerated here on Earth by any kind of laser wielding aliens who wish to do us harm because he's so cool that he will seem as if the Earth people, people of Earth will, people of Earth will not be able to be vanquished.

And I'm really good at math.

You keep varying that.

Sure, sure, sure you are.

We also have detective James P. Garrity who is 104 years old and cocaine addict or.

I still do it every day.

Make it and use it.

5 a.m. to midnight and I swear by it.

I mean you look great.

Thank you.

Most low energy coke head I've ever met in my life.

Oh you should see me when I'm off it.

I do have trouble keeping my energy up.

I mean you're mumbling.

I fall around.

I mean I'm 104 years old so give me a break you little bitch.

All right, all right, all right.

So please ask yourself call me.

Look it's time to it's time for one of our favorite features here on the show.

We play it every single week.

It's time to play a little something called Would You Rather.

All right, it's time to play Would You Rather.

We all know how this is played.

People send us would you rather scenarios to our Twitter which is at CBBWYR aka comedy bang bang would you rather.

I'll read out the scenario out loud.

I will then open the floor for questions.

Please don't ask questions before the floor is opened.

I will not accept any questions before the floor is open, but once the floor is opened, you're free to ask any and all questions.

Can I ask a question now?

I'll allow it.

Oh, it's just I was in fact you did.

I was joking.

You were joking?

Yeah.

Is that like NASA humor?

Yeah, man, I was making a giggle.

Are you a funny one at NASA?

Sometimes.

Sometimes other people are funny here.

Sometimes I'll just be joshing around, you know?

Yeah.

Who would you say is your prime comedic influence?

Buzz Aldrin.

He's funny.

It's right there.

I mean, Buzz.

I love his new special.

Yeah.

It's really good.

Yeah.

He does a new hour every year.

He's really prolific.

Just talks funny, you know?

Don't ask any questions before the floor is opened.

Once it is open, please feel free to ask any and all questions that will help you narrow down your choice between the two answers.

I will then close the floor for questions.

There will be no warning regarding that.

It'll just happen and you'll be out of luck.

So try to get all of your questions in before the floor is closed.

Once the floor is closed, I'll go around the horn.

I will ask you about your preference and we'll then tally up the points and see who wins.

All pretty clear with that?

Yes.

I need verbal confirmation from those of you.

Yes.

I'm clear with it.

By the way, who are we playing for?

What charity are we playing for?

I'm playing for Little Kid Little Babies.

Little Kid Little Babies.

And what do they do?

That's a place that stops little kids and little babies from wilding out.

Yeah, because you got to try to...

All these little kids and little babies are acting crazy out there.

Okay, got it.

They're going to stop them.

All right.

Rhea, who are you playing for?

I'm playing for buildings.

Buildings?

Yeah.

Okay, great.

Just buildings in general?

Buildings in general.

So you'll equally distribute the winnings between every single building.

In the United States.

And only in the United States?

Yeah, the lower 48.

Lower 48.

Got it.

All right.

And Detective James P. Garrity, who are you playing for?

I'm going to split mine between New England Cocaine Alliance Support Group and also Spencer's Gifts.

All right.

So between Little Kid Little Babies, buildings, and the New England Cocaine Alliance slash Spencer's Gifts, we'll see who wins out of these.

All right.

This scenario comes to us from Bingo Boy, aka Bingo Boy on Twitter.

Bingo Boy asks, would you rather hunt ghosts with OJ Simpson or always have to have a mouthful of pudding that you can't swallow?

Would you rather hunt ghosts with OJ Simpson or always have to have a mouthful of pudding that you can't swallow?

And I have opened up the floor for questions.

What flavor is the pudding?

Oh man, Rhea got to it.

And you were close, man.

You were in there.

That is good gameplay, but got beat out by Rhea because Rhea knew.

Classic lawyer.

Yeah.

Classic.

What was your question, Rhea?

What flavor is the pudding?

The pudding is vanilla.

Ooh.

Yeah, that really pushes it.

That pushes it.

Really?

You're not a fan of vanilla?

That really moves the needle for me.

What do you like better?

I don't like vanilla at all.

You don't like any vanilla?

It's a wonderful flavor.

I know it's a wonderful...

What's wrong with it?

I mean, it's me.

What about vanilla wafers?

You don't like vanilla wafers?

I like vanilla wafers though.

But not enough vanilla.

But not pudding?

But the vanilla combined with the consistency is the issue?

Correct.

But I like banana pudding.

No one's talking about banana pudding.

Chocolate pudding.

No one's talking about chocolate pudding.

You asked me what I liked.

So I'm answering that question.

What about ice cream though?

It depends on the vanilla.

Oh.

What do you do?

Like French vanilla is okay?

Or do you not...

No, vanilla bean, Scott.

Vanilla bean is okay.

But vanilla is not good enough.

This is vanilla bean pudding.

Okay.

Well, now it's moving the needle the other way.

I didn't know that the bean was involved.

The bean's totally involved.

Okay.

How else do you get the vanilla without the bean?

Well, sometimes it's reduced from other sources.

Okay.

Like a vanilla nut.

Okay.

All right.

You know?

I guess so.

So if it's a nut based vanilla, then I don't want anything to do with it.

It's not a nut based vanilla.

No.

Of course not.

Well, I assumed when you didn't clarify with any bean- It's from the bean.

It's from the bean.

Based vanilla that it perhaps was a nut based vanilla.

All right.

Very good.

Surprised that you have it.

Do you swallow other foods?

Can you eat and swallow other foods?

Other foods while your mouth is full?

Yes.

As long as none of the pudding gets swallowed as well.

What happens if that happens?

Then a giant comes to you.

Okay.

Like an actual giant?

Like an actual physical giant descends from the heavens.

Green?

Damn.

Not green.

Not jolly?

Not jolly at all.

Angry.

He has no- Disgruntled.

No, no, no.

He's not cool at all.

Not like spuds.

No.

Descends from the heavens.

Okay.

Turns you upside down.

Shakes you by the feet until every bit of that pudding that you swallowed gets back into your mouth.

Okay.

And jostles you around.

All right.

Yep.

Can you talk with the pudding in your mouth?

It sounds like you are.

Well, I actually am doing this right now.

I do have some pudding in my mouth.

You have pudding?

Just swallow it.

That's much better.

That actually, that is much better.

Wow.

I wish we could redo the entire previous segment.

It's gonna take one, I need my snack though.

Hold on a second.

What is, oh no.

All right.

I'm back.

You've just re-eaten the pudding?

Please swallow the pudding.

I'm actually more comfortable with the pudding.

Okay.

He's running on pudding.

How much pudding is it like in measurement?

Is it filled?

Oh, in measurement.

In measurement.

Does it- Not in any other way.

Is it individual to everybody how much pudding is it- It's proportionate based upon- What is the ratio?

They take a cast- Pudding to mouth.

They basically put a balloon with plaster inside your mouth and give you little straws to put up your nose that you can breathe.

Oh, that's fine.

And they take a cast of your mouth and then they take, they put a proportionate amount of pudding that's roughly 35% of your mouth size.

Oh, that's not bad.

And put it in there.

And you have sleep too with the pudding.

It takes a long time for the cast.

It's very slow setting plaster.

So you have to sleep.

Oh, I see.

You sleep with the pudding.

You have to think about the actual cast.

Yeah, you have to sleep with it on because no human can be awake for more than 17 hours.

Are there other Ghostbusters in the group or is it just me and OJ Simpson?

Oh, I see.

We're in the other.

I totally forgot about the Ghostbusters scenario.

I have a follow up to that.

I was fixated on the pudding.

Well, I'm sorry.

I can't get to your follow up quite yet.

Yes.

There are other Ghostbusters.

This is kind of a non-traditional casting version.

You know how the original Ghostbusters was three white guys and one black guy?

Yeah, Ernie Hudson.

Of course, the classic Ernie Hudson.

This is kind of flipped.

You know what I mean?

So it's three in one.

So you have OJ.

Okay.

And then if it's you, you have, of course, I don't mean to say it.

Are you talking about black people?

Yes.

Okay.

And then you have Nelly.

Nelly, the singer?

Yeah, the Atlanta.

St. Louis?

Yeah, the St. Louis.

That's right.

Okay.

Yeah.

With or without the bandaid?

No, well, the bandaid comes with.

Okay.

He's very specific about that.

Okay.

And then you have one white person, which is Macaulay Culkin.

Oh, little kid Macaulay Culkin or adult curmudgeon Macaulay Culkin?

No, he's in that awkward age.

He's like 13.

Okay.

This is like, okay.

Okay.

What a ragtag group.

How often do you have to go out ghost hunting with these guys?

How what?

Please swallow.

I can't deal with this.

How often do we?

How often do you have to do this?

How many hours a week do you got to put into ghost hunting?

Oh, I see.

Okay.

It's I mean, honestly, you don't have enough money, so you're doing it as much as you're trying to pick up as many hours as you can.

It's like a full time job.

If you can.

If you enjoy what you want, you never work a day in your life and busting makes you feel good.

That's right.

The two, two totally separate cliches that work so well together.

Ria, you had a follow up.

Yeah.

My follow up was the way the question was posed.

It seemed to me that I would be using OJ Simpson as the weapon to hunt ghosts.

Oh, that is the case.

Then I mean, I don't want to get too far ahead because we're not.

So what you're trying to say is you thought it was the weapon that you and kill.

You would be solo out there hunting ghosts.

And when you saw a ghost, you would say, not so fast.

Exactly.

Like he's the proton pack.

Yeah.

He's like hands with an OJ.

He's like, this person's already turned two people into ghosts.

Yeah.

What if he does?

What's he going to do to go?

Exactly.

Like he is fine.

Now.

You thought that was too much.

I mean, you know, do you not agree or do you not agree?

I mean, you know, it could have been anybody.

Okay.

No, it is.

You're out there doing it with him.

You're yeah.

All right.

Well, that changes things.

But who's my crew?

It's your crew.

Yeah.

But who's in my crew?

Because I'm the white person in the crew.

So I can't have my.

Okay.

I'm the Macaulay Culkin.

You're the Macaulay Culkin.

So you have Nellie and OJ.

Yeah.

And you also have Devon here.

Okay, cool.

All right.

So I'm just I'm just stuck.

You're in there regardless.

Okay.

Who's in my group?

Okay.

So you you have will I am instead of Nellie subgen or the real guy you have?

Well, you have the Tupac hologram.

You have the real will I am like that.

You have OJ and you have yourself.

That sounds kind of fun.

Does sound fun.

It sounds fun.

And you sort of bring out the holler of the Tupac hologram.

Like look at this guy.

He's a ghost already.

So you should be scared of me.

This is a tough one.

This is a real tough one.

Yeah.

Any other questions?

Boy, I mean, the floor isn't even close to being closed.

And you got to do this.

It is a vacation time with the ghost hunting can can you do it at 40 hours a week?

Yeah, well, you're trying to get certain your freelance.

So you're trying to get as many hours as you can, but they don't guarantee they don't guarantee you what's the contract freelance a contract?

It's not even a contract.

No, you're it's kind of work for hire.

You're out there.

You're hoping to get as many hours as you can, but they don't guarantee you any.

So occasionally you'll work, you know, 10 a week because they're, you know, the company just there aren't by the way, the floor is closed.

Oh, sorry.

In the middle of that answer.

Oh, boy.

OK.

All right.

So we're going to go around the horn here and figure out who what your choice is.

Ria, you're playing for buildings.

I am playing for buildings.

Yes.

They really need my help.

They do.

Yeah.

I mean, there's a lot of them out there.

I don't know.

Trillions.

I would say there's at least one building per person.

At least.

Don't you think?

Yeah.

It's like, OK, yeah, we share our homes sometimes.

So like if you live in an apartment building, yeah, there's like, you know, could be 50 people in that 300.

But then there's a lot of businesses.

Yeah.

You know, so there's you go to more than 50 businesses.

And then there's like tiny buildings and then there's like mailboxes that look like buildings.

Yes.

Yeah.

There's probably one per person.

They need help.

They do.

They're out there.

Falling apart.

Exactly.

They're all out there.

Yeah.

All alone.

Nobody's in them.

You were really shaken on the vanilla answer.

I was really shaking on the vanilla answer.

It seemed as if having to spend so much time with O.J.

Finding out that I couldn't use O.J. as the ghost hunting weapon himself, because I think that would be very effective.

So I've got to go since it is not nut based.

I got to go with the vanilla bean pudding in my mouth.

You're going with the pudding in your mouth for the rest of your life.

You can never swallow.

Never.

And if you do, the giant comes down.

If I do and shakes, shakes you butt first.

Yeah.

You can shake me butt first.

He just grabs you like a bowling ball, shakes you butt first.

Shakes me butt first, puts that pudding right back in.

Which I still don't understand the gravity of that, because if I'm upside down and then you shake the pudding back in, where's it coming from?

But I guess I'll find out, because that's what I'm going to do with the rest of my life.

Yeah.

You definitely will find out.

Thirty-five percent of my mouth is now vanilla bean pudding.

All right.

Let's move over to Detective James Garrity.

That's an interesting vote from an interesting player for buildings.

We have the pudding.

For sure.

All right.

Very good.

I'm the judge, so.

And you are the judge, and the jury's over here, and I'm the executioner.

You are the executioner.

Okay.

I'm James Garrity, and I'll tell you what.

I think it probably makes sense that I go with the pudding.

I would make sense that I go with the pudding, but something has drawn me over to the ghost hunting.

Really?

I'm going to go ghost hunting with OJ Simpson.

You're going to ghost hunting with OJ Simpson?

Why is that?

I'll tell you why.

Because it's about time somebody get to the bottom of what really happened with OJ Simpson at Palace Station in Las Vegas that dreadful night.

And I'm going to- By the way, I don't know if you heard about what happened to him before, but there's something even worse happened.

Are you serious?

Before the Las Vegas thing.

Yeah.

If you think that was bad.

I'll take one thing at a time, because that's the worst crime I've ever heard of in my life.

That's the worst crime you've ever heard of?

Stealing sports memorabilia or threatening to?

He pushed a guy too.

Yeah, but he brandished a pistol, but he didn't actually use it.

I mean, it's not like he beat up some frogs.

No.

No, it's not.

Stupid little bitch.

Who are you talking about?

OJ or me?

No, I was talking about OJ.

You're talking about, he's a stupid little bitch, too.

He's a stupid little bitch.

You got to listen harder, you dumb bitch.

Jesus.

All right.

So you're picking OJ, because you think you'd want to get to the bottom of his Las Vegas escapade.

Yeah, maybe when we have downtime, I'll interview him and talk to him and get to the bottom of it.

You think you could trap him?

Oh, yeah.

He was already convicted for that and is out on parole, so there's no need to get to the bottom of it.

I'll find out what happened.

And I'll tell you, you saw how I work.

I'll get to the bottom of it.

I guess so.

You're not able to bring your giant tape recorder along with you.

I can, I'll, are you serious?

Well, you never asked.

Well, I didn't know there were other rules.

The floor was open for so long, you never asked about your tape recorder if you're able to bring it along in the ghost hunting scenario.

So I'm going to have no tape recorder?

You have no tape recorder, but you already voted and there's no way to change your vote at this late date, so sorry about that.

So interesting vote.

So you're playing for the New England Coke Alliance as well as Spencer's Gifts.

Yes.

So you're going to vote for your vote.

Even a vote that you made without all of the information.

Bears fruit.

Let's move over here to Devon Westinghouse.

Devon.

Okay.

How are you voting here?

Look, here what I'm going to do.

Okay.

I'm going to put the pudding in my mouth, but then I'm also going to be a ghost hunter.

And when I see a ghost, I'm going to swallow a little pudding and a giant going to come down and squish the ghost.

What?

Both.

No one's ever done this before.

Wow.

Okay.

So you can do that.

Both.

I can't bring my tape recorder, but he can, he can use the giant.

You didn't ask, you didn't ask about the tape recorder.

You didn't ask if you could do that.

Yeah.

Okay.

Well, let's tally up the points.

By the way, that was for a little kid, little babies.

Stop them.

Stop them from wilding out.

So it looks like we have one vote for pudding, one vote for OJ, one vote for both.

I guess you can count that as two votes for pudding, two votes for OJ, which puts us at a dead heat.

We are tied at this moment.

Hot pudding.

I'm sorry?

It's a dead heat hot pudding.

Hot pudding.

That's right.

And it is very hot pudding.

It's boiling, scalding hot.

This is.

Burns your mouth.

Information that I was unaware of.

You never asked about this.

That's a good question.

Yeah.

So it looks like two people have voted for pudding and OJ without all of the information.

And the wrong thing.

Let's cross out their votes, which leaves us just to the person who votes both.

Devon, you are a winner.

Yeah.

That's how we play.

Would you rather?

Tight.

Congratulations to little kid, little babies.

Do I do like a freestyle over this beat?

Yeah, please.

Yeah.

It's me, Devon.

I'm up in space flying with my battery spaceship.

Here I go.

OK.

Nailed it.

All right.

Like a coal buyer.

All right.

That's how we play.

Would you rather?

That was competitive.

Wow.

Congratulations.

Unfortunately, buildings will have to go.

Falling down.

Yeah.

Falling down.

And the New England Coke Alliance and Spencer's Gifts.

It's going to be a rough weekend.

Yeah.

They expected to win.

Who?

The Coke Alliance?

Either or.

You played for a few people.

I feel like they always expect to win.

Yeah.

That's true.

That's our first loss.

You seem to be crashing a lot like Pete Holmes.

Yeah.

A lot of people say that.

You haven't done cocaine in, we've been on the air for an hour and 15 minutes.

You haven't done any cocaine since you've been here.

Aside, sorry.

A lot of people think I am Pete Holmes.

A lot of people mistake me for Pete Holmes.

People mistake you for Pete Holmes?

In what way?

I wouldn't say, I mean, you're a 104-year-old man.

You are very mushy-mouthed.

Super low energy.

Super low energy, whereas he's maniacally loud and energetic.

Yeah, I don't know why it is.

I mean, it must be just general energy.

What happens?

Like, when do people say this about you?

On the street.

When you're performing at the cellar?

I do do a little stand-up.

Oh.

Okay.

Let's hear a little bit of it.

You want to open for me?

I need a little bit of water.

When people say they do stand-up, they want to do their stand-up.

So here you go.

Here's a good five minutes for you to do whatever you need.

You want my best five minutes?

You're tied to five.

Okay.

All right.

And you guys just be my crowd, because I do a lot of crowd work.

Sure.

We'll be judge, jury, and executioner, don't worry.

Hey, everybody.

James V. Carey.

You probably know me.

I'm married.

Everybody out there married?

Oh, you are?

Yeah.

Oh, man.

Welcome to jail.

Are you taking me to jail?

No.

Why'd you pull out your pink handcuffs?

Hey, because basically this is what being married is like.

What's your favorite pair of pants over there?

Sweat pants.

Yeah.

Those are loose.

Are they even pants?

Does somebody take a blanket?

No, they're pants.

Yeah, that's true.

Hey, what's your favorite instrument?

My voice.

How come you don't make like you can do the air guitar, but no, it is air clarinet.

I like corduroys.

What's the deal with the texture?

So many lines on them.

That's what makes them corduroy.

That's true.

Otherwise they'd be khakis.

When I was a kid, I used to draw a lot.

My father would come in and be like, what are you drawing?

I'd be like, this is just a picture of some mountains.

And he'd be like, I don't know, man.

This is a tight five.

This is the tightest five I've ever heard.

I can't even get my laugh.

It's only 60 seconds in at this point.

Anybody out there, anybody wear contact lenses?

Yeah, you do it over there?

I'm like, hey man, get these glasses away so close to my eyes.

What?

I'm just about to laugh.

How come when you're old, you start building forts?

And when you're young, building forts is so fun.

And when you get older, it's like, if I was building a fort down at my office, everybody's like, what are you doing?

I used to sell office supplies for people, pencils, pens.

Sometimes they'd order their sodas through us too.

And I'd be like, you're overpaying.

That's the one I'm trying to get that catchphrase going.

You're overpaying?

Yeah, I'll give you a couple of things.

Hey, you go down to Banana Republic and you don't use your coupon code, you're overpaying.

In what respect?

Because everybody gets a coupon code.

It's not something special.

It seems like if you're buying your groceries at Spencer's, you might be.

You're overpaying.

And that's five minutes.

Oh my.

I got to close.

That's great.

Wow.

That went better than, that did go better than I thought it was going to be.

I haven't done that in about a year.

Really?

You haven't performed standup or just that five?

Your material seemed a little different.

Yeah, Banana Republic.

I got to refresh it.

Refresh it.

You got to get out there.

Change it some else.

But I'll tell you what, it feels good to perform.

You guys made a big difference in my life today.

Okay.

Thank you.

Just please stop calling me a bitch and we'll call it even.

I'm not going to call anybody a bitch.

Okay.

You're acting like a dumb little bitch.

Okay, come on.

All right, look.

We need to get to our final feature on the show.

It's our favorite feature, of course.

It's a little something called Plugs.

It's time for Plugs.

Yo, yo.

Check me out.

Another freestyle.

I'm flying in space and there's stars and there's space dust everywhere.

Yeah.

It's time for Plugs.

Uh-oh.

Here we go.

Look out for that asteroid.

Boom.

I'm jumping out the spaceship and I kick it away with my space boot.

Your space boo or your space boot?

Boot.

Okay, I'm still not clear.

I'm single.

You're single.

You're space boot.

Yeah.

Okay, great.

Thank you.

Thank you very much for clearing that up.

It was me.

I just, I have trouble with my ears sometimes.

Oh, no worries.

No worries.

You know it's a freestyle so anybody can interpret it any way they want.

So you're a deaf little bitch.

All right.

I want to thank Dr. Richard Picture for that song.

That was called Plugs Wine.

Plugs Wine.

All right, let's get to the Plugs.

Rhea, you mentioned some dates, but anything else?

Anything else happening in there?

I don't believe you should say those dates again.

I mean, I won't say them again then, Scott.

No, that's all I'm doing.

Yeah, go ahead and refresh your names.

I mean, all right.

What do you got?

February 16th, I'm in Santa Ana for that LGBTQIA plus plus plus plus fundraiser.

Mm-hmm.

The 1st of March, Chicago, Thalia Hall.

Chicago.

The 2nd of March, Gramercy Theater in New York and then the 7th through the 9th, I'm at the Vermont Comedy Club in Burlington wearing, I'm going to take my Birkenstocks with me.

Mm-hmm.

And then the 19th through the 23rd, I'll be in Fort Worth, Texas at the Amphibian Stage.

Wow.

Go see Rhea, one of America's greatest comics.

All right, let's...

Of all time.

Let's go over to Detective James P. Garrity.

What are you plugging here?

I'm plugging a little theater.

Do you mind swallowing?

Please, just for the plugs.

Well, I'll tell you what.

Thank you.

I'm plugging the Groundlings Theater on Fridays and Saturday nights.

Come on down and check out a pretty effing great show.

People should go on both Fridays and...

Eight and ten.

All four of those shows, people should go to all four of them?

Eight, ten.

Eight and ten on each night.

Go to all of them and you're not getting the full experience.

I love it.

It's not the same show each time?

It's the same show every time.

But you get some little, you figure out little fun things that they do different and you...

Because they're bored?

Because they're bored and trying to amuse themselves during the sketches.

And then April 2nd, check out the last OG, premiering season two on TBS.

I heard they got some great actors in it.

When is that?

That's April 2nd.

So the day after April Fool's Day.

That's right, but it's no joke.

You're overpaying.

I think your stand-up is better having swallowed your pudding.

Okay, he's back to...

All right.

Devon.

Yeah.

Now that you're single, of course, anything you want to plug?

Yeah, man, people should listen to this new podcast that I love because it's about going to space and it comes out on February 12th.

Okay.

Right here on Earwolf, they can listen to it.

Right here on it.

What's it called?

It's called Voyage to the Stars.

Voyage to...

And that's where your interest lies in this is because they...

Yeah, because they talk about stars and space and stuff in it.

So it's pretty tight.

Yeah.

What is it?

Is it real?

They talk about...

Nah, man, it ain't real.

Sorry, I don't know.

I don't know how I...

It ain't real, dog.

I don't know how I insulted you here.

I beg your indulgence here.

It's like people...

It's like a space opera, man.

It's like a story.

It's a story.

Oh, okay.

Yeah.

It's like that movie, Ice Pirates.

Right.

It was the Ice Pirates.

I've heard of it.

I've never seen it.

Okay.

Go through some other ones.

Maybe I've seen some of them.

You ever seen The Last Starfighter?

I have seen that.

Okay.

It's like that.

So he's got the doppelganger robot who takes his place and...

Yeah, that happens in that movie, but in this, it's just a show about some...

Well, that's the part I liked.

Yeah.

Well, you know, this has other stuff in it, but it does take place in space and they do go on adventures and it's called Voyage to the Stars.

Who's in this?

They go on all your podcast platforms.

And who's in it?

Oh, who's in it?

Janet Varney, Felicia Day, Steve Berg, and me.

You and Devon?

Devon.

I was the...

You know how people bring Neil deGrasse Tyson in on movies to talk about space?

They brought me in to...

For authenticity, yeah, research.

I let them know when I'm like, yo, that doesn't happen in space.

Are you sexually harassing anyone on set?

You mentioned Neil deGrasse Tyson.

Allegedly.

Oh.

His issues, they're investigating that now.

Is that a thing that's happening?

I didn't know about that.

Hard to keep up these days.

Damn, man.

Neil?

Your boy Neil.

Him too?

Yeah, hashtag him too.

Jesus.

That's the new movement.

Him and you?

Good God, man.

Just settle down, dudes.

Just be cool, man.

Nobody wants you.

Just be cool.

Just be cool, man.

She'll come to you.

Exactly.

All right, I want to plug...

Hey, what better week to watch the Michael Bolton's Big Sexy Valentine's Day special?

Yeah, watch it.

Yeah, we made that a year ago or two years ago with Michael Bolton.

Just got Michael Bolton, Sarah Silverman, Randall Park, Maya Rudolph.

There's a really funny dude in there.

Will Forte.

Yeah.

I'm Colton Dunn.

Yeah, I remember him with Fred Armisen.

Yeah, he's really funny.

Yeah, yeah.

He's funny.

So watch that.

That's on Netflix.

Tis the season, of course, and I think you'll enjoy that if you haven't seen it.

It's a mere 55 minutes of your time.

All right, let's close up the old plug bag.

Close your eyes and open up that bag.

Oh, y'all want me a space?

Close your eyes and open up that bag.

Open up that bag.

You gotta get those eyes closed.

Get them, get them, get them, get them.

Get them, don't be closing, don't be closing.

Open them up and let's get loaded.

Let's get loaded.

Open up that bag.

Open up that motherfucking bag.

Open up that bag.

♪ Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey ♪ I'm coming around on it.

I like it.

I like that that's talking about opening the bag.

Yeah, you haven't heard the show, but it's a long standing problem with this show.

Every year we try to record it, of closing up the bag and the people involved forget.

I don't know if you know Horatio Sans and Ben Schwartz, but they forget every year.

They're sexy little bitches.

Hey, all right.

I don't know what I'm more offended by, they're calling them, him too?

Yeah, they're sexy little bit.

Him too.

Guys, I wanna thank you so much for being on the show.

Rhea, always great to see you.

Yeah.

Devon, good luck to you with, I hope that- Yo.

In space.

If I'm still alive, I'm assuming it's because of you.

Out there preventing aliens from- Just saying, look, before you go to sleep at night, just look up into the stars and know that I'm up there doing my thing.

I mean, you're not currently, but- I will be.

You will be, definitely.

I will be.

And Detective James P. Garrity.

Thanks for having me.

We'll just close off on another good, tight 60 seconds of your standup, if you don't mind.

No, no, I'd love to do that.

Yeah, swallow if you don't mind, so we can really get the full experience.

Okay.

Hey guys.

So, quick question for everybody out there.

Has everybody dating these days?

Using Tinder, Bumble, I mean, what's next?

Robot girlfriends?

Maybe.

Yeah, I think they have those, actually.

Yeah, man, fuckbots.

We made those, yeah.

Oh yeah.

Hey, favorite- Let this guy do standup.

He seems funny.

He's funny.

The guy said fuckbots.

He's funny.

Stage.

I mean, I guess you could throw in a joke if you want.

Hey man, yo, they got these fuckbots, right?

Yeah.

I like it.

One of them malfunctioned on my dick.

What does that look like?

Oh man, I got electrocuted.

Easy to go blue.

This guy's better.

That's funnier.

Hey, everybody excited for Game of Thrones?

Oh, okay, you suck.

What?

You talk about Game of Thrones.

Yo man, Game of Thrones is crazy, right?

They got dragons.

Yeah, that's funny.

That was my joke, man.

All them dragons be flying all over the place.

I wish I had a dragon.

Oh, what would you do?

Yo, if I had a dragon and I tried to return my movie late to the video store, they couldn't get mad at me.

I have a dragon.

All right, we'll see you next time.

Thanks, bye.

Dumb little bitch.
