♪ Comedy Bang Bang ♪ Those gorgeous gorges are engorged with the gore of four Al Borland's Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

Thank you to Maddie Walks for that catchphrase submission and I picked it for a very specific reason and we'll get to that in a second.

But welcome to Comedy Bang Bang for another edition and my name is Scott Aukerman.

I don't know how else to describe it, but I am your host.

I don't, I don't, what other words are there?

I wish they would invent another word for host.

Tour guide?

Not really.

But I will be guiding you through this process if this is the first time you've ever listened to the show.

I will be the person who talks perhaps most often.

Every other person, perhaps.

Normally how it goes is I'll end a sentence with an uptick in inflection, which usually indicates a question and then the people responding will usually end at a downwards inflection, indicating a statement.

So, and we'll go back and forth, ping pong back and forth.

So that's what, if you've never heard the show, you have that to look forward to.

Coming up a little later, we have someone in the music industry and a publicist.

So a very entertainment field themed show today because our first guests are also working within the field of entertainment, specifically Entertaining America and beyond.

I would imagine Hulu America only or?

Well, we heard it will be in Australia too.

And Canada.

But have you redubbed it with Australia accents?

And I'll introduce you in a second.

Yes.

I did it many days ago and I'm pretty good at it now.

That is pretty good, I have to say.

Have you practiced that?

Or pricked it?

I just like, when I talk to my friends, oh, that was bad.

But when I talk, it's like, it becomes Southern.

But like, I talk to my- Yeah, mixed with Cockney, mixed with Bert from Mary Poppins.

Yeah, yeah.

I have a certain point.

Yeah.

When I talk to my friend, Erin, we just start talking in Australian accents and that's what happens, you know?

And guest number, I'll say guest number two for you because you were second to speak.

Yep.

And I'll introduce you in a second.

How's yours?

Let's hear it.

Hello.

Uh-oh.

Wait, you do it.

Treble's a foot.

Do one and I'll copy.

Soy funny.

It's soy funny.

Basically, you pick the worst vowel you possibly could for any word.

Yeah.

And you substitute it.

Yeah.

Soy.

It's like saying soy milk for so.

So soy.

Soy funny.

That's pretty good, I gotta admit.

That was more like Siri.

Or like an old version of Siri.

Siri.

Can you do your Australian accent?

Soy funny.

Yeah.

All right, let's get to the introduction part.

That's another big part of the show is introductions on this show can take upwards of up to 25, 30 minutes at some points.

But we'll try to get through this one a little quicker.

They are the, this is our first time on the show.

They are the stars, creators, I'm even gonna say they write some episodes and probably produce this gosh darn thing of the show Pen15, which is currently on Hulu.

Please welcome Anna Konkel and Maya Erskine.

Hello.

Hi.

Thank you for having us.

Of course.

First time on the show, although Maya, you and I met on the Michael Bolton Yes we did.

Big sexy Valentine's Day special.

Still available to stream even though Valentine's Day has passed us by.

But you can watch it year round as far as I'm concerned.

And it's tomorrow Valentine's Day.

Well, I have this taping, but it is unfortunately in the rear view mirror.

I know you guys said this was your first podcast.

And it is.

This is prime podcasting etiquette.

We have zero clue.

You may have wondered why I, seconds before the theme song started, I said, by the way, this will come out next week.

That is exactly why.

And so unfortunately I'm gonna have to dock you points Anna.

Is it Anna or Ana?

Anna.

See, that's the way you do it.

However you want to say it, just so I can get back on the, you know, positive part of it.

Oh, okay.

I'm giving you more points.

Now, wow, you have pulled ahead of Maya.

Hell yeah.

At this point.

Wow.

Okay.

We'll tally these up at the end of the show.

Pen 15.

Let's talk about Pen 15.

I'm just gonna say, I wanted to have you guys on the show to give it the, just not only the patented CBB bump, the CBBB, but also just to give it a rave and say, this is one of my favorite shows that I've seen this year.

I mean, I know the years are early Valentine's day was just a few days ago, right Anna?

Correct.

But such a good show.

I wanted to have you guys on to talk about it because I think our listeners would enjoy it even more than the regular dumb shit on the street.

Is that safe to say?

I'd hope so.

I hope all the, all of them.

Point that black thing at your mouth.

Oh, there we go.

Yeah.

Hi.

They are not, as they say, I believe multi-directional.

I think you got to get right on it to be heard.

I'll be right here.

Me too.

You don't, by the way, you're lifting your, What am I doing?

You're lifting your body up to it.

You can just bring it right down.

That's what these are adjustable.

I'm gonna bring it right down.

That's what he said.

What?

Oh, I'm so sorry.

Does that even work?

I'm just a bull.

That's what he said.

Yeah.

We're, it's out there.

And I hope that everybody, you know.

It's like the truth in the X-Files.

Yeah.

Yes.

It's out there.

Yeah, it's out there.

So let's talk about the show.

Pen 15, which, you know, if anyone's been a young person in their lives, and I pray that people have, and they're not Benjamin buttoning it, but we know that that is, you know, the Pen 15 Club.

It's how you get tricked into writing penis on your arm.

Right?

Right.

Yeah.

Or hand.

Yours was your arm?

Did you have it written on your arm?

Mine was so big I had to do it on my entire.

Your penis was so big it had to go on your arm.

When I even write penis, I gotta write it big.

Am I right, people?

This is the kind of show this is.

By the way, in my 10th year, I'm transitioning to this kind of show.

So.

Yeah, it's kind of an ode to the rejects, the title.

Yeah.

Right.

So it's an ode to the people who are not cool enough to know that trick.

Yeah.

Right, because we were that, and we still are.

So let's describe the premise of the show.

Let's try to do it in, I'm gonna say eight words or less.

Okay.

Maya.

You can swap, yeah, you can swap words.

One word.

Okay.

Pen 15 takes place in the year 2000.

That's seven.

That's about all you got unless you want to.

That's three teams.

Three teams.

So two sentences.

One just simply of the word preteens.

Right, Anna and I play middle schoolers in the year 2000, but we're surrounded by real seventh graders.

Right, so you guys, for those of you who are listening, I don't think anyone can be watching.

I don't think there are any cameras set up here.

But you are older than that age.

Yes.

We're the inverse year of 13.

You are 31 years old.

Are you the same age?

Yes, but on Google for some reason, it says that Anna's 24 and I'm 32.

Ooh, that's kinda smart.

It stings.

So you are 31 year old women who on this show play 13 year olds.

Yes.

And everyone around you, all the other actors who are in junior high, middle school, I guess, wherever it's at, are 13 years old and you are also playing 13 year olds as well.

Yes, and we're playing sort of extensions of ourselves, what we were like at that time.

You're playing, I mean, you have the same first name.

Yes.

Gotta admit, once it got to that last name, it changed it up.

It did.

It alters Anna Kohn.

Mine's Maya Ishii Peters, because I was taking my dad's first name, Peter, and put it at the end.

Yeah, popped it at the back.

So, and you play it, look, just hearing the concept of this, I mean, the mind reels.

It could be a crazy show where anything goes, or it could be grounded down to earth.

What is it?

I mean, I've seen it and could talk to this, but I figured you guys are here.

Why don't you talk?

I mean, our aim was to make it as grounded as possible, even though we're adults playing kids.

So because of that element, it felt like we didn't want it to go too sketch, because it already is so heightened that we're playing 13 year olds, because we look like freaks among all the kids.

I gotta say, when I first dropped in on the first one, it's noticeable.

Yeah, totally.

There's especially one scene where you're, I don't wanna say hooking up, but your characters are expected to hook up, which I was just laughing at the disparity at a certain point, but you guys disappear into it as well in such a way that you kind of forget you're not 13.

You know, it's not like it's staring you in the face all the time.

You just kind of, as they say, there's a theater term.

I don't know if you guys have ever tread the boards, but suspension of disbelief.

Right.

That's what all art is predicated upon.

I mean, when you go to see Hamilton, you know that these people aren't rapping, that they're just lip syncing to a track.

You know what I mean?

But the suspension of disbelief, and you know you're paying hundreds, if not thousands of dollars to see people basically milli vanilli their way through a show, but you don't care.

No, what'd you think of Hamilton?

Why do you ask?

I'm just curious.

I'm not, I have no, I'm not inserting my opinion.

I'm just curious.

Well, Lin-Manuel Miranda, good friend of the show, has called in, of course, has even been on the show here in person, was very nice to get me into the, to see the show.

Oh, nice.

And it's wonderful.

Yeah, I mean, yeah, I am too.

I just was curious, because of the way you- Are we doing a Hamilton check?

I just want to make sure we're all on the same page that we all love Hamilton.

We good?

Okay, we're good.

Mine and I do daily Hamilton checks.

Yeah, because if your feelings change on Hamilton- You need to check it every day.

This is the true test of something being good, because if I hear too much praise, it can sometimes alter my expectations, and I go in and I just don't think it's as good as it probably is.

People like to knock down what has been built up and the reverse.

I went in there and it blew my mind, even though everyone was saying, this will change your life and it will be amazing.

And it really was.

I was like, I didn't even know there was a guy named Hamilton.

I didn't even know it was a name.

That's how like out of the loop I was.

I was like, I saw that combination of letters.

I was like, I don't know, this is gibberish, but I'll go in.

And so it changed my perception about that.

Yeah, yeah.

And Hamilton.

Hamilton.

So you guys disappear into the roles in a great way.

And oh, I wanted to mention, I picked that catchphrase that mentioned Al Borland's, because the actor Richard Karn, who played Al Borland plays your father, Maya.

My daddy, yes.

Tool time.

How did you, how did you hook up with him?

Did you know him before?

How did I hook up with my dad?

And give us all those details.

We lucked out, right?

I mean, what did we, we just offered it to him and.

He's offer only.

Okay, good to know.

Good to know.

Yeah, I was always a big fan.

And he really reminded me of my dad.

My dad is, they just have, there's a picture.

Oh right, we're on a podcast, so I can't show it on my show.

Go ahead, I'll describe it.

They say a picture is worth a thousand words and I've been storing up words.

My dad played his hand double for drumming sequence because my dad's a drummer.

Because your dad's actually a drummer, okay.

And your fictional father is a drummer as well.

Yes.

Yeah, he plays a drummer in a cover band for Steely Dan.

Steely Dan cover band.

Yeah.

You're good.

Wow.

Well, I've watched four episodes.

Got it.

Nice, perfect, there you go.

Was your father also a drummer in a Steely Dan cover band or is that one way where the fictional diverges from life?

He was a drummer for Steely Dan.

So he like, What?

I'm trying to make my dad.

Hold on, hold on, hold on.

Stop everything.

Let's stop and talk about.

Back up.

Peter Erskine.

He was a, what you call a drummer.

Yes.

For Steely Dan.

What you call?

Yeah, that's what he was.

The technical term.

Yeah, or he is a drummer.

He's a jazz drummer and he just, he toured a lot.

He did like Weather Report and Steely Dan and you know.

She's so chill about it.

My dad was a human resource manager.

Hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on.

Back up.

Peter Kochel is in the house.

They're both named Peter.

At 7-Eleven Corporation.

Woo!

And he is managing humans and their resources.

That business that was open from 7 a.m. to 11 p.m.

originally?

Correct.

Wow.

That's pretty special.

Yeah.

That's great.

Human resource for how many of its franchisees?

Well, it was the North.

He wasn't the director of human resources to his chagrin.

Okay, he never made it up there, huh?

No, but you know.

Into every life a little rain must fall.

Correct.

And on the upside we got coupons.

Whoa, for what?

Yeah, yeah.

Coupons.

What, what's wrong with that?

No, there's nothing wrong.

Suddenly you turned Australian.

Yeah, yeah, coupons.

How do you?

Coupons, I don't know.

There's nothing wrong with it.

Oh, coupons.

Look, if you're an American.

What did you say, coupons?

Look, if you're an American.

Oh, I'm sorry.

If you're a true American, you say coupons.

Well, this.

If you're not putting on airs.

Yeah.

I'm gonna have to take away points for coupons.

Damn it.

All right, you still have more points than mine.

What?

Yeah, we got like free big gulps and slushies when those started, cause that was a big deal.

They weren't there always.

What?

Yeah.

Hold on, hold on, hold on, back up.

Oh, stop.

Back up.

We've already forgot.

Your dad is in the rear view at this point.

That guy, yeah.

Who cares about Steely Dan?

Slush, when was the slushie invented?

I couldn't tell you technically.

I assumed it was something they invented?

I couldn't, I don't think 7-Eleven did specifically, because I was getting slushies at a Vermont campground.

I recall.

A long time ago.

I recall the Sears corporation selling Slurpees.

Different.

Slightly different.

Slightly different, a different sort of recipe.

Less icy.

Maybe it is called a Slurpee actually.

I called them slushies also.

Huh?

I don't remember.

Oh, you know what?

You might be right.

Maybe it's the same thing.

I think it's a Slurpee.

I just said that with such authority.

I think an icy.

The 7-Eleven is a Slurpee, slushies are different.

Okay, so maybe the Sears corporation sold something similar, but I remember getting those as a young child in the 1970s.

But- At Sears?

At Sears, they had, that was always, as if my mother said, if I went to Sears, which was boring as fuck and looked at carpet samples, I could eventually get a Slurpee.

What flavor?

Cherry.

Cherry, cherry.

Yeah, of course.

They didn't have Coke?

I'm not an animal.

I don't know, blue raspberry, hello.

Coke flavor.

With vanilla ice cream in that, yo.

Hold on, back up.

Everyone stop.

Everyone just shut the fuck up for two seconds.

This is incredible.

How's he these days?

He's good.

Is he retired?

He's retired.

He's in a place in Florida that is, it's like the name of the place is just about being happy.

Oh, okay.

But you don't want to give away that location because of fans.

I can, but it's kind of, yeah, because they might flood him.

Because he really changed things at 7-Eleven.

Did he really?

What did he change?

No, he didn't.

But he's a really great guy.

Yeah.

I hope he's listening to this.

What a wonderful thing to say about your father.

He will now.

He will.

And your father is not currently touring with Steely Dan.

No.

He's moved on to different types of smooth jazz?

Smooth jazz.

He just does, no, he plays with jazz quartets.

And trios and teaches at USC.

No more than four people though.

Yeah, no.

Never a quintet.

Never, ever.

Okay.

Too many people, they overpower the drums.

Drums and the bass are the skeleton.

Sure.

Put a piano on there, I'm fine.

Maybe, but once you start going in the horns, I mean.

Yeah, it just gets very muddy in the mix.

Beep-a-da-bop.

So, but in any case, Richard Carnes, former host of Family Feud, has escaped the Family Feud curse and has then gotten onto the PEN15 show and does a wonderful performance as your father.

He's great.

He is great.

He hosted Family Feud.

Stop the silence.

Anna.

I mean, I don't, you know.

Do you not know your Family Feud history?

I'm not gonna lie, I'm right in that camp with her.

I'm learning about Sears.

I'm learning, cause when I went to Sears, like I looked at the washing machines and I didn't get a prize after.

Why are you looking at washing machines on the regs?

That's with your parents.

They force me.

That is a large one-time purchase every 10 years.

Well, really my dad would go in for like hardware equipment and I would look at the washing machines.

Dreaming of the one day you're gonna get to use one?

Yes.

I hope I grow up to be a housewife one day.

We could have used a new one.

I did my own laundry.

Oh really?

Yeah.

Independent.

Let's run down the Family Feud host.

Maybe we can get some information on this.

Let me say two words to you to see if you know what I'm talking about.

Richard Dawson.

Yes.

You both had a look of fear in your eyes.

Like I better say yes.

Well I just feel like I'm- It was scary.

This is a pop quiz and I get, my hands are already getting numb.

I'm not kidding.

We met- My hands are numb.

We met and connected over like deep fear and anxiety over performing, like doing well, being accepted as a person.

And your families were on Family Feud, right?

Battling against each other.

Yes, yes.

The Konkles and Breskins.

Yes.

And then they made a law firm together.

Yeah.

Konkle and Erskine LLC.

Um, so yeah, sure.

So Richard Carne, I believe he was a host in the, I'm going to say early 2000s because this would have been post home improvement.

Am I right?

A person to my, yeah, I believe so.

So he was- Wow.

There were several hosts of Family Feud.

And now of course we've settled on the wonderful Steve Harvey.

There's no reason to make any kind of change at this point because he's doing great.

But previous to Steve Harvey, there was a lot of trial and error.

Got it.

I got to watch it.

You are an encyclopedia.

Yes, I am.

Just in general in life, that's typical.

Yeah, you realize I'm a human being.

Right.

I just want, I want to make sure when you stare at me, I didn't turn into a cartoon encyclopedia.

Like a cartoon turkey.

I just was reading you.

But let's get back to Pen 15.

Pen 15, how did you guys, I'm going to try not to say hook up now.

How did you guys get together and have you been friends for a while or did you, when did, gosh, let's get it back to the meeting.

When did you meet?

10 years ago.

Yeah.

Yeah, in college.

It was our, we were actually in the same freshman year dorm we learned later, but we met our junior year of college.

Where did you go to school?

Amsterdam?

We went to NYU, but we were doing this summer program for theater for like experimental theater workshop.

Oh.

And it was in Amsterdam and we had mutual friends, but it wasn't until we had to perform this like rectian.

You guys are looking at each other like.

Because we communicate.

I feel like I need to be a policeman and separate you guys so I can get the real storage.

You guys are like looking in each other's eyes like.

We're making it up as we go.

Yeah, this is very shady.

Okay, I'm going to look this way.

Oh my God, that kills me.

That kills me too.

Oh no, I need to look at her to feel.

Safe?

Yeah, okay.

Don't look at me.

Turn back to back.

Let's do this back to back.

I'm going to struggle if I can't look at your eyes.

Okay, so we had to tell a story inspired by Brecht.

It was a Brechtian fairy tale.

Oh no.

Sounds so douchey.

I would have connected with her.

Just hate not to say that.

I would have connected with her at that moment to say skip Brecht.

But we're not looking at each other.

It's not me trying to sound like an asshole.

The point is it was.

You are really turning towards her.

I am, okay.

You can't help it.

Anna, your back is just so aggressive.

I feel disconnected from you.

Anyway, but we both were the only ones who didn't have anything until like the night before.

And so the morning of we both had stomach cramps and bonded over bathroom issues and our anxieties.

And we came together and so, oh my God.

I'm so sorry.

Sorry.

See, this is what happens when I don't look at Anna.

Anna appears next to me.

Sorry, that's just Matt.

He just, he sneaks in here every once in a while.

Starts just clicking away on that camera.

Oh my God.

That was so good.

I just saw his shoulder pop from beneath.

Oh my God.

It's frightening.

You're not the first.

I gotta say you're not the first.

Matt, you gotta start like, I know this is an audio medium and you don't want to cough or like scrape your feet or anything, but you know, I mean, we really need to know when you're approaching.

A little bit.

Please don't talk.

You know, we're not making a star out of you today, Matt.

This isn't a chef Kevin situation.

He's holding his mouth.

We could also, you could give him an odor.

Yeah, that's true.

Dip him in odor.

Like he just comes in, yeah, yeah, yeah.

Oh, I love that.

Do you think that people are dipped into like vats of odor or we could just spray something on him?

That's how I feel.

I love that.

I have an odor.

I recently, I'm gonna regret, Regret!

I'm gonna regret sharing this immediately, but I had a feeling the other day that I smelled, I was like, I smelled myself.

And then I was like, this is familiar.

And then I thought of my grandfather.

Meaning that you started, you feel you've started to smell like your grandfather.

My smell is changing and I smelled my grandpa.

He did live to 102 though.

Okay.

He did.

And he had a glass of sherry every day.

We know everything about each other and we've told the same story.

Wow.

So you guys have been friends for 10 years at this point?

10 years, yeah.

And so you know each other's stories.

Is that how the show started?

Were you?

Kind of.

Yeah.

Mm-hmm.

I feel like I need to look away from her again.

No, that's okay.

You can check in with each other now.

It's all right.

Yeah.

We had made a strange web series and then kind of- I got like four views.

Right.

And liked playing characters and producing writing.

That was the first kind of like test to see if that would be at all enjoyable because there was some like life crises happening and what's gonna happen feelings.

Yeah.

And then, yeah.

Then we were talking about how like we still feel kind of traumatically emotionally in that space.

At 13, we can revert back there quickly.

We can be in an adult party and feel like, you know.

And suddenly you're the scared, lost little girl.

The lost little girl.

I feel it every time I'm at a party.

So that was sort of where we bonded and- Are you forced to go to parties?

I barely go.

But when I do, if it's a friend's birthday, which seems to be like there's 20 birthdays a year.

And they're like weddings.

I'm getting a gift for everyone.

You gotta go to the dinner.

Now they're- It's, you know.

I mean, you guys are getting to the age where suddenly it's like everyone has no life.

So they just plan parties all the time.

All the time.

Our friends are starting to have like three parties a birthday.

Which is exactly, they do a dinner.

Oh no.

Then they do a party.

Come on.

And then they do a brunch.

I mean, it's too much.

It's not your- When or is this like over successive weeks?

This is over a couple of weeks.

We have a friend.

We have lots of friends.

You're checking in with each other.

Like, should I say who this person is?

Yeah.

Okay.

I'm not gonna say.

Please don't.

Give me a minute though.

Who is this friend?

You start saying her.

Her.

That's okay.

We don't need a name.

You don't need to embarrass anyone.

And parties are fun.

Parties are fun.

But they're not all the time.

They're not all the time.

And anyway, just got the wheels turning and we hooked up with our friend, Sam Zwiebelman, who is a writer, director, and we admired his work so much.

And we wanted him to help us crack this idea because it really started with us being 13.

13 year old kids that escaped from a cult and were hiding in a foster family.

And it was just so convoluted.

And we were like, how do we make this work?

And he really helped us crack.

To just make it so.

I gotta pause here for a second and say that, Matt, you have taken so many pictures.

And my sweater's not off yet.

What is going on here?

Normally you come, you dip in, you take like three random pics and you get out.

Like this isn't a photo shoot.

Just cause we have two wonderful actresses here.

You don't need to be like, did we get all our poses?

Did we get all our angles?

All right.

Sorry about that guys.

No, that was fine.

All I could hear was the clicking and clicking and clicking.

Can't focus on what's happening.

Anyway, it's a wonderful show.

Matt, you're okay.

He's already gone.

He's nice.

He's a very nice young lad.

He's familiar.

Oh really?

Yeah, don't know why.

Really?

Interesting.

It was him who had that birthday party.

That was the name.

Marat.

So people can check out PEN15 on the Hulu network, which 10 episodes as far as I'm concerned.

Yeah.

And they're a half hour.

So we're talking, you know, a five hour time commitment, which is not bad these days, you know?

That's like watching less than the Godfather one and two combined.

Wow.

You know?

It's gonna be a six and a half hour long commitment.

This is less than that.

That's true.

And probably better.

Or a lot of time on Instagram.

For sure better.

For sure, yeah.

Way better than the Godfather and the Godfather two.

So everyone should check this out.

One of my favorite shows that's come out recently.

Anything else you wanna say about the show to just, you know, anything salacious or...

What do you think that will really hook people into seeing this?

Maya?

Were you saying that because of masturbating or what was your...

Oh no, I was just offering you to speak.

You gotta explain that.

You can't just say that.

Yeah, you're right.

Sorry.

There's an episode where my character explores masturbation for the first time and it's...

And the next 80 times it seems like.

Yes, exactly.

Yeah, it happens a lot.

And I apologize in advance, but...

Don't apologize.

It is, it was very scary to put that out there, but I felt like we both felt that we had not, we hadn't seen...

That's a part of the growing up experience, but one that is not covered a lot when it comes to young women.

Exactly.

And it was exciting to us to find the humor in that and just portray it in as real way as we could.

We experimented with it, but you know, now you have like Broad City, those girls, they do it and it's great, but I just...

That's every episode.

Exactly, exactly.

I haven't seen the show, but I imagine that's what it is.

It is.

But yeah, we were just tired of seeing the jokes be about.

Yeah, all about like...

It can be both.

It can be both, that's the point.

A boner's funny, but a boner's funny, so our lady is.

So pulsing vagina can be funny too.

I would say equal time, you know?

Like you guys do that episode and then, you know, go watch, you know, an episode where a young man jerks off.

Exactly.

Right.

A 13 year old, yes.

Oh, wait a minute.

No, I'm just kidding.

I'm not a real, I'm not like a man playing a 13 year old.

Yes, there should be...

You guys.

Could there be a Pen 15-iverse where suddenly there's a spinoff of two young men playing?

I would love to be involved in this.

I would love, I mean, I could bind my body in a way.

Bind it.

Bind, bind.

That's what we did.

Bind my body.

And you know, I know I'm tall, but I was this tall when I was that young.

Yeah.

Yeah, Pen 16.

Pen 16.

You know, the guys have their day.

Penel.

That's right.

I'm 5'8, so I was just...

I was just being my 5'8.

So, and I was very tall very early.

So just being around all these little short middle schoolers and tall me was just how it really felt back in the day.

How were the kids?

Did they get it?

They were, I mean, the cast is great.

They seem like they...

They're great.

Understand.

They understand the show.

Was it weird for them at all?

I mean, child actors in general are...

Yeah.

It's a weird situation.

It is, but they were all fairly new to the, right?

Most of them had...

A lot of people, it was their first job.

Wow.

Yeah.

I mean, they're young.

I mean, it's not like they've been scooping ice cream or anything like that.

You know, I would imagine.

Right.

You know.

At Sears.

It's not like they're putting together phones in China.

You know?

Yeah, this is, of course, it's their first job.

Yeah, but then there's a handful of kids that had more experience than we do.

Right.

Yeah, so, and here actually it was really hard casting because so many of the kids, although very talented, are used to performing on a level of like, you know, the shiny TV, sitcom, because that's a lot of the work for kids, obviously.

Nickelodeon.

And this is a little more subtle and a little more small.

Yeah, yeah, the idea was for it to feel more grounded or more authentic or more like you're just dropped into a memory and the person next to you isn't that kid version of who is on TV, but the kid version of who is really sitting next to you in English that you couldn't fucking stand.

Well, they're all great.

They don't burst out laughing anytime you guys start a scene, which I would imagine would be like, you know, the premise is, you know, it's so strange.

I don't think we made them laugh.

I feel like we made ourselves laugh and no one else would laugh sometimes.

Did you have, and I've had this on set occasionally where people are looking around going like, what the fuck is this thing that I'm involved in?

Well, that was, I mean, just to go back to the masturbation, sorry, but that was the first week we shot out of order.

So like, you know, here are all these grips and sound guys just like standing in a small room with a woman in a bowl cut and like a big t-shirt and strapped down boobs being, you know, with pulsating labia.

They were like, what the fuck am I doing here?

That was a special effect, right?

Yes.

Okay, thank you.

No.

I mean, it's, I can imagine working on it, it would be a little like, how is this gonna come out?

But it came out wonderfully.

Thank you.

Such a good show.

I want people to check it out.

All right, we need to take a break.

When we come back, we're gonna have, this is so exciting, we're gonna have a publicist.

Wow.

Do you guys have publicists?

Yes.

Wow, well, you're gonna meet another one.

Here in a second.

Hell yeah.

Yeah.

We'll be right back with more Comedy Bang Bang after this.

♪ Bum bum bum bum bum bum bum ♪ Comedy Bang Bang, we are here with, what do we call you, the Pen 15 crew?

What do you like to be called?

I know this is your first podcast, but you really should have a name.

Myana.

Myana, that's incredible.

Do you think that you'll work together on every single project forever and ever till the end of your careers?

Yes, yes, a lot of them, a lot of them, yeah.

That would be great.

You know what, I mean, it's kinda like what the state did or something like that, you know?

Like they work together and then they branch off, they do some other stuff, but they always have that bond coming back to each other.

That's, what a wonderful thing that would be to have for the both of you.

Agreed.

I'm not gonna be a fan of me, but you know, I'm on my own.

All right, let's get to our next guest.

He's a publicist and we're gonna find out all about the world of publicity, I would imagine.

Please welcome Seth Berkowitz, hello.

Wow, thank you so much for having me.

I really needed this.

Thank you, Scott.

Oh, sure.

This is Mya, this is Anna.

Hi.

How are you doing?

Nice to meet you.

Would you say you needed this?

Just glad to be here.

Oh, glad to have you.

Glad to get my voice out there.

Yeah, glad to have you.

I mean, we have people of all stars and stripes here on the show.

Oh, great.

From every profession, it seems like.

A lot of entrepreneurs, I gotta say.

Yeah, it almost feels like that's the easiest thing to say and then just do whatever you want.

Right, yeah, but no, you're a publicist.

I'm a publicist.

Right.

So I'll be specifically speaking about that and not entrepreneurship.

I mean, you kind of, in a way, do you have your own business or is it?

I started my own business.

Okay, so.

Publicity business.

Yeah, it's a publicity business.

Sorry?

Sorry, what's the name?

It's called Berkowitz No Relation.

No Relation.

I haven't heard of it, but I'll keep my eye out.

Oh, yeah, I'd love to rep you guys.

Oh, cool.

I'm sure your publicist is great, but if anything goes wrong, I'll be there for you.

Berkowitz No Relation.

Yeah, to David Berkowitz, Son of Sam, just getting that out of the way.

I mean, I know he's the most famous Berkowitz, the Son of Sam killer, you know, the dog talked to him and all that.

Spike Lee made a Spike Lee joint about it, as far as I recall.

Yeah, absolutely.

But I don't know that he's so top of everyone's mind that you need to say no relation.

I just wanted to get out ahead of it.

It's like a- Good publicity.

Yeah, getting out ahead of it.

That is a good publicity tool.

Okay, all right.

So I'm here today representing the wonderful company.

We're doing great, MoviePass.

Oh, you represent MoviePass?

Yes, I represent MoviePass.

The Belegard Card Company, whereas if you possess one of these cards, you are sometimes admitted into a movie?

Well, that happened for a while, yeah.

But you forget before that, MoviePass was huge.

You could, right?

There was a time where everyone had it.

You could spend $10 and see any movie you wanted.

It was almost more famous than David Berkowitz, the son of Sam.

Oh, no, and again, no relation.

We don't even need to talk about him anymore.

Okay, and you are no relation?

Sorry?

You are no relation to David Berkowitz?

Correct, yes.

Okay, I know you say you're no relation.

Right, no blood relation.

What do you mean by that?

I'm related to David Berkowitz through marriage.

Who did you marry?

Well, no, our parents were married to each other, and so he's my brother.

Wait, then you are blood related to him.

Listen, see, this is why I put no relation in the name of the company.

Because you don't want a question.

Because that conversation is all Berkowitz related, okay?

Okay, but I don't think that I would have even thought of to ask you these questions if- Yeah, it would have come up eventually.

I needed to get out ahead of it.

Okay, but you're not ahead of it because you lied about it.

Well, in this moment, I am significantly behind it, okay?

Yes, I will say that.

He was your brother?

Yes, no blood, no relation.

He is blood though.

Well, through marriage.

Through your parents' marriage.

Correct.

So, he's your half brother?

Well, no, our parents, well- Your parents got married after you were adopted.

No, no, no, we were both born to the same mother and father.

Okay, that's all blood.

That's all relation.

You should change the name of your company to All Relation.

Well, no, no, no, because then all I would talk about is how I'm related to David Berkowitz, which is what I'm trying to get at.

That's what I want to talk about.

I'm trying to control the message here.

I know, but look, you are the brother of the son of fucking Sam.

This is interesting stuff.

Okay, but what's more interesting is that MoviePass is back and we're better than ever, baby, all right?

All right, look, can I- That is what we're talking about today.

Can we make a deal here?

Please.

Can for every MoviePass question that you answer, can you also answer a Son of Sam question?

We're doing a Silence of the Lambs quid pro quo here.

That's a one for you, one for me.

Okay.

Of a Scorsese, if you will.

Okay, I prefer Silence of the Lambs, but either way.

Yes, I'll do a one for one.

But as long as I can get out there, that MoviePass is back, it's better than ever.

I'm happy to be here.

I'm not related to David Berkowitz.

Okay, so MoviePass, let's pivot over to MoviePass.

Oh, thank you.

For a second.

MoviePass, as far as I can recall the story, it went public recently and its shares have a little to no value at this point.

Correct, which is the best time to buy, everybody.

Just like the cheap tickets people were getting to movies.

You could get $10, you could see any movie you wanted for a whole month, one a day.

Now you can get all of our stock if you want it to.

For $10.

Well, no, four cents.

These are like the penny stocks now from The Wolf of Wall Street, a movie that originally you could have seen with MoviePass.

Absolutely you could have, and you still can now.

Because MoviePass is back, it's better than ever.

Okay, now back to the Son of Sam stuff.

Okay.

Do you have more water in here?

Oh no, your seat just went down about a foot.

Yeah, I bring in my own chair that raises and lowers based on my feeling of status at any given moment.

Okay, so you have really lowered once the Berkowitz material came out.

Yeah, I am at the floor, I'm practically on my back.

If it wasn't a chair, I would be.

Okay, were you aware of the first time that he killed someone?

Absolutely not, no.

Because we both had the same pet dog, and this dog was telling me nothing but good stuff.

Oh, wait a minute, the dog was talking to you too?

Yeah, and the dog was like, Seth, you're a salesman, you're a salesman, start a business, be a publicist, get in the publicity.

BC, always be closing.

Always be closing, the dog brought in, it told me I had brass balls.

I did mostly hang out near the dog while my parents were watching David Mamet movies, which you can see using MoviePass.

Any David Mamet movie.

The Spanish Prisoner?

The Spanish Prisoner, wag the dog, the one on the mountain where Alec Baldwin wants to kill a bear.

The Edge, of course.

And you trust this dog.

I'm sorry?

You trust this dog.

Well, you keep saying I'm sorry as if you're trying to delay answering.

Excuse me?

Is it that you can't hear that you're actually?

No, I actually have 20-20 hearing, I hear very well.

20-20? 20-20?

Yes.

So from 20 feet away, I can hear 20 decibels.

That's not good.

Yeah.

That is.

Sounds like a nightmare.

You are officially hard of hearing, my friend.

I don't know.

I have a very complimentary ear-tomatrist.

What is it?

Did your ear-tomatrist say the official term and you couldn't hear?

You gotta see your ENT.

That's the one.

Yep, ENT.

But very qualified, very expensive, very good.

Again, I should be my own publicist because this is about me all the time.

Or I should be my brother's publicist, no relation, because it's about him.

I am the publicist for MoviePass.

MoviePass, we can get back to MoviePass.

We're better than ever.

Great.

So what are the changes to MoviePass now?

I mean, obviously the old business model wasn't working.

Have they adapted to whatever the new marketplace is?

Absolutely, absolutely.

So here's what you could do now.

For the introductory membership, a low price of $30 a month.

That's more.

It's more.

We had to raise the price because we had some significant financial issues and MasterCard stopped giving us money and froze all our assets.

Right.

So to fix that, we raised some of our fees, but for $30 a month, you can see any movie you want as long as you only see it once a month and that movie is A Dog's Purpose.

Okay, hold on, hold on.

As far as I'm concerned, this doesn't sound like a good deal.

Oh, Scott, we are back.

And better than ever?

And we are better than ever.

You have to stop saying you're better than ever.

Look, I like A Dog's Purpose as much as the next guy.

You gotta get it in a movie pass.

But I feel as if I would pay 10, 15, $12 to see it once.

Really?

Yeah.

So you would pay like Boise, Idaho top tier prices to see it but not like a Los Angeles prime time price.

What do you consider the Los Angeles prime time price?

$16, 17 with fees, 18 with the ArcLight.

Sure, okay.

24 if you're seeing A Dog's Purpose in 3D, which movie pass does not offer.

Don't ask.

I don't think I wanna see A Dog's Purpose in 3D, those testicles bouncing in my face.

I don't understand.

I feel as if I could see A Dog's Purpose almost twice for the $30 that I'm paying you to see it once.

Okay, well, but you can see it every day for a month for just $30.

You said one day.

One time.

Every day, if that, okay.

If that day equals once?

If that day equals, well, we're busy people.

And in this economy, who wants to be seeing a movie every day?

Wouldn't we rather be working?

This is better for you.

Who wants to see A Dog's Purpose twice anyway?

The dog, I'm sure, does the dog die?

Anyone know what happens in A Dog's Purpose?

I don't believe it's- No, the dog doesn't die at the end.

Dog doesn't die.

As far as I know, I haven't seen it.

I don't know.

Do you have movie pass?

I can't afford it at this moment.

You can't afford your own product?

No. Are they not paying you?

Well, no, they're in the red for now, but they're back and better than ever.

And so as far as the system is concerned, all we need is some early, like you two.

Right.

You are early adopters, right?

You probably got the first Android phone when it came out.

You probably- I don't know why you would- No, no.

Yeah, think bad about that.

No, no.

Yeah, why would you say that?

You're long, you're millennials.

We're young.

31 years old.

I'm 31.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Anna's 24.

I'm 24.

And I'm 32.

And you both look the ages.

Yeah, thank you.

And that's millennial to me.

I'm- How old are you?

How old are you?

I'm sorry?

How old are you?

You have to stop saying that.

I'm sorry.

I'm sorry, how old are you?

These are simple questions.

You're excused.

I'm 58 years old.

58 years old.

58 years young.

Right, okay, that's fine.

Years young.

Years young, okay, fine.

I'll say years young if you want.

So I'm not an early, thank you, 58 years young, I'm not an early adopter.

I have my kids explain to me the things they have.

How old are your kids?

Excuse me?

No, how?

I'll slow down these questions if you will not make me repeat them.

He has a hearing issue, remember?

I'm sorry, do I need to get closer than the 20 feet away I am?

The kids, he needs time.

That's the issue is I can't work hands on my ears because, well, my ear tomatrist, well, we had an issue.

You had an issue with your- Your ENT.

Thank you, yes.

Right, I got you.

Thank you, and he did a close scrape and so now my ears are a little too sensitive to wear cans.

A close?

A close scrape?

Yes.

How close, why do they call it that?

As you can see if I take off my beanie here.

Take off that beanie.

It's a very, my ears go- Oh, wow.

Yeah, they were basically removed like fighting dogs.

That looks infected.

Holy moly.

Oh, thank you.

No, no, that's not a compliment.

Yeah.

Neither that looks infected nor holy moly are a compliment regarding your ears.

Holy moly is a big compliment.

I mean, look.

It is a confusing term.

That one you can take several different ways, but that looks infected is pretty straight to the point.

Yeah, that's gonna help you out.

That looks infected.

I thought that, I'm old, so I thought maybe that's what the kids were saying.

Like, ooh, that looks infected.

Did you see Janelle Monae at the Grammys two weeks ago?

That looks infected.

Thank you, thank you.

Whoa, you just burned me.

Whoa.

Points to you.

Damn it.

Oh, I need that.

Well, I have movie pass and I do.

You already own a movie pass.

I do.

Now, do you have the introductory or do you have the second tier?

Cause I just got into the first tier, which you all seem to hate, which is fine.

But first year is great if it worked.

I still pay for it?

Yeah, I paid the yearly fee.

Like what can I do for me now?

Okay, great.

So you paid the yearly fee, which is fantastic.

Is it calendar year or is it from when you pay it?

I don't know.

I'm sure from when you pay it.

Did you pay it in January?

Oh no.

No, no, from when you pay it.

Did they come collecting on New Year's Day?

It's a year, it's an annual fee based off January 1st of the year you bought it.

Right, so yeah, the collection agency does come on January 1st.

January 1st, while everyone's watching the Rose Bowl or what have you.

Yes, the Rose Bowl, the Rose Parade, La Vie en Rose, Purple Rose of Cairo, whatever you're watching on January 1st.

There's a lot of things to watch is our point.

There are more entertainment options than ever these days.

Absolutely.

Oh, with streaming platforms like Hulu?

Streaming platforms like Hulu.

I mean, if you like the deal you're getting with Hulu, you're gonna love the movie past annual plan.

With Hulu, I mean, I don't even know what I pay for this, but it seems like it's like nine bucks or something and they still put ads in it.

Yeah.

You know, although for your show, I only saw like one or two ads, it was great.

The first three, I think they didn't put anything in it.

Really?

It was amazing.

Maybe they hadn't sold the ads on it.

It should be segment.

Yeah, exactly.

They were like, no, no, no, no.

Pass.

But at least with Hulu, I'm paying $9 a month and I can watch 10 of their show.

I could watch, you know, any of the Handmaid's Tale.

They don't hold any of those back from me.

Yeah, that is a fantastic deal.

Frankly, this would be much easier for me if I was working for Hulu today.

Oh, I see.

That's why they need a publicist.

Well, yes, because they are back and say it with me.

They're better than ever.

Thank you.

I'm sorry.

So you could get the annual plan and you talk about advertising, Scott, the annual plan is fantastic.

Your ears are seeping.

There's something seeping out of those right now.

Oh, that's fine.

That's fine.

I just, I'll push my life alert and somebody will come help me out.

Are you related to anybody that's part of movie pass or?

Am I related to any of the movie pass, the family?

Yeah, the corporation.

No, no, I wish.

No relation.

Who is the head of the movie pass corporation?

Oh, I looked up his name before I came in here.

What was it?

I'm sorry?

What was it?

Excuse me.

I say, what was it, sir?

Look, I don't have to answer these questions.

It's not something Berkowitz, is it?

It's not a Berkowitz.

No, it's not a Berkowitz.

The Berkowitz family is known for two things.

Let's list these.

Previous to this appearance, it was known for one with a bullet.

Okay, well, even the metaphorical terminology really paints a negative light on my book.

Sure, sure, yeah.

Yes.

How did he kill most of his victims?

That's a good question.

It was in New York.

Let's list the things we know about Son of Sam.

Spike Lee made a joint about him.

He was in New York, he was on the subway.

He was on the subway at least a little bit.

A dog talked to him.

A dog talked to him and he looked like Ron Jeremy.

But we don't have that information regarding how he killed his victims.

Oh, thank you.

You're welcome.

Yes, holy moly, is that thing infected?

You look like Ron Jeremy.

What are the two things that Berkowitz family are known for?

So one is the Son of Sam murders.

Sure.

And the other is Berkowitz no relation publicity.

Really the former more than the latter, although if you hadn't even brought it up, I don't know that I would have thought of the former.

It does feel like we've talked a lot about the Son of Sam stuff.

It really does, but mainly because I think that is coming off better than this MoviePass deal, which is a real loser as far as I'm concerned.

Okay, so I'm here to, they're gonna be mad because I came to sell the product and so far the quote, the pull quote is, worse than Son of Sam.

Look, if you want to put that onto every MoviePass, I'll probably allow it, but.

Though, I mean, we would love a pull quote from you.

Were you trying to elicit a pull quote from all of us?

Look, I mean, we have the stars of Pen15 here.

Maybe they would like to, I mean, Anna even owns one.

Yeah, what's the last movie you watched on MoviePass?

Ooh, that was about six months ago.

Cause I was under the impression that it burned to the ground.

No, no.

It's back and better than ever.

I got it, I got it, I got it.

Do you know where Abrams talent is?

It's a building off of San Vincente Boulevard.

I've never had occasion to go there, but.

Well, we are in the back closet of that building.

You can find MoviePass right in there.

The Ringer, Bill Simmons website, just did a fantastic hit piece on us.

Wasn't The Ringer a movie?

The Ringer?

Yeah.

Brendan Fraser?

No.

No, no.

That's the scout.

It's the Johnny Knoxville one where he pretends to have a disability to be in the special effects.

It was shelved or what have you?

No, it came out.

What are you thinking about?

I'm thinking of the one that was based on Jerry Seinfeld, that movie.

What was that?

Was it about Jerry Seinfeld?

Not Jerry Seinfeld.

Who dates a 17 year old?

Jerry Springer, Jerry Springer.

Oh.

Wait, there's a movie based on Jerry Springer?

No, no, no, remember there was that, the Jerry Springer like movie and it was a little illicit and I watched it as a young kid.

He played himself, right?

But you're thinking of the Howard Stern movie, Private Parts?

No, not Private Parts, you guys.

Well, you could see The Ringer based on Jerry Springer or Howard Stern's Private Parts.

Wait, did you think The Ringer was about Springer?

It was connecting in my head because Johnny Knoxville reminds me of the person who's in this movie.

No, it wasn't Jerry Springer.

Okay, we gotta figure this out.

We have to figure this out.

Don't look at each other.

Is he figuring it out?

I can't help.

No, no one knows.

You're looking over here at Engineer Sam.

He gave a look like, fuck no, I'm not looking this up.

No, no.

He just shook his head like, of course not.

Just sitting holding a dog.

I mean, I wanna watch that movie, a Jerry Springer.

Is that a real movie though?

I looked this up in the commercial break if I could.

I will say that I did have a chance to look it up and Richard Carne was 2002 or 2006.

Family Feud.

Louis Anderson was the- Yes, Louis, who recent Emmy winner, yes, of course.

But, and before that was the dearly departed.

There was one person before, after Richard Dawkins, you're saying?

After Dawson was the poor fellow whose name shall not be mentioned, Voldemort.

Look, movie phone, anything you wanna say about movie phone before we take a break?

We do need to get to our next guest.

Movie phone.

Movie phone is also a great service.

This is great.

I represent movie phone also.

You do.

Do you need to find what a movie is and don't have the internet anymore?

Well, movie phone is the perfect option for you.

Is it back and better than ever?

It is back and baby it's better than ever.

All right, look, we need to take a break.

We'll be right back.

Comedy Bang Bang, we're back here with Maiana from Pen15 and Pen15 available now on Hulu.

All episodes, great show.

We also have Seth Berkowitz, all relation to the Son of Sam and movie phone and movie pass.

And during the break, we're gonna get to our next guest in a second, but during the break, Maia, you found exactly what this movie was that we were talking about.

It's Ringmaster.

It's Ringmaster based on the Springmaster.

And Springer's in it?

Springer's in it.

And it sounds like Winger.

I was right.

You were right.

What were you right about?

That Jerry Springer played himself in the movie.

I'm right, right?

Yeah, and I was right that it was close to Winger.

I mean, you were wrong technically because you thought it was Winger.

25% Rotten Tomatoes.

25%.

I mean, these very, yeah.

Jamie Presley, Jamie King, Jamie.

Uh-oh, now you're back.

I'm back, she's back.

Jamie Presley is in it.

What's happening?

And she, it's sexual.

It's a sexual movie.

It's very appropriate.

When you said it was illicit, what exactly do you mean by that?

I just remember watching it and feeling like I shouldn't be watching it at my age.

What age were you?

Just 27 or?

11.

And there were just, there was a- This predates Pen15.

Because it's about Jerry Springer.

So there were, you know, people having affairs and getting their family.

One of those movies, at least as a young boy, but before you had access to pornography that you would hope would be on HBO or Cinemax or something like that, and watch the whole thing expecting a little nudity.

Right.

Jerry Springer?

Yeah, the Ringmaster.

Ringmaster had nudity.

Yeah, exactly.

But apparently, Maya, you were more upset by the affairs people were having.

I wasn't upset.

I was turned on and it was too, you know, as a kid.

So the idea of cheating on your spouse was a turn on?

No, just that it was very, uh.

A lot of horny people in it.

There's a lot of horny people in that movie.

Hey, that's any good, any movie.

I hope at least 50% of the parties involved are horny while they make it.

Me too.

We do need to get to our next guest and we'll see how horny he is.

He is in the music industry.

Please welcome Perry Gordon.

Hello, Perry.

Hello everyone.

How are you doing?

It is I, Perry Gordon.

That's right.

Mogul, founder, CEO of Legendary Records, Moterville Records.

Wow, what an intro you gave to yourself.

None of that was written down for me, but I would have said it had you written it down.

But you prefer to say it yourself?

I do.

A lot of times people don't say it when I'm in the studio.

So I have to necessarily give myself that way.

Right, so you do mean to toot your own horn.

I mean, it's not tooting your own horn, baby, when you got the hits to prove it.

And I bet there were some horns on your hits, although I've never heard of your record label.

Oh, there was definitely horns on my hits.

Yeah.

And pianos and basses and guitars and singing voices.

Not on a good jazz quartet.

Jazz?

Oh, no.

We don't play jazz in Moterville Records.

We play the stuff that kids like.

What's that?

Yeah, what songs have you released?

Oh, well, you might remember some of the songs, those hit 60 songs.

I just want to say that I'm here for a reason.

Hold on, it sounded like you.

Were you going to sing?

There was like an inhale and intake of breath that led us all to believe that you were going to start singing.

Oh, me?

Never.

I am the leader.

I'm the mogul.

I'm the person that people come to and say, hey, Perry, is this song a hit?

And I say, yeah, baby, or nay, baby.

That was an unmistakable inhale of song breath.

It really did.

Like a million percent.

Anna, you seem like a singer.

You sing in the show occasionally.

I mean, I did in middle school.

Yeah.

Yeah, good light, girl.

So you know a singer inhale when you hear one.

I think I do too.

Oh, absolutely, Perry.

Anna, let me tell you, is your pipes good?

Because over at Moterville Records, we're always looking to sign new talent.

We're always looking to get back out there in the old music game.

A lot of people coming by our records for our old classic hits.

But you know, we're still a record company, and we're still available to be able to put out recent hits for now.

Hits, hits.

Hits.

That's what we do here.

How to get my hits.

Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.

Everybody got hits.

Is that a yeah baby or a nay baby?

In its current incarnation, that's a nay baby.

Well, I can tell you right now, I'm liking the beginning.

So like I said, I could get you in the studio.

I feel like you like the beginning because I said what you said maybe.

Mm.

I mean, well, I write hits.

Right.

Or I sign off on hits.

So like, I do just enough to do the writing.

Well, I do it just enough to change somebody else's words to say, hey, I changed this.

I deserve a credit.

Like, what were some of the songs you put out?

And please don't give us the singer's inhale.

Oh.

Well, some of the songs I put out.

You might remember such classic 60s songs as back in the 60s.

Oh.

Back in the 60s, there was a lot of people who they wanted variety.

They said, OK, we had a lot of record companies.

I don't know what you mean by that.

A lot of people wanted varieties in their records.

They want varieties in their records?

They wanted varieties in their records.

Variety, what type of variety?

They just wanted more records.

They want more records than one record?

Yes, so a lot of people would buy one record and want a different one.

They want a different record.

This is not like a movie pass situation where it's a dog's purpose over and over.

Oh, yeah.

I agree with your theory.

In the 60s, people wanted a lot of things.

Now, one is enough in this internet generation.

So I'm with you.

All right, well, if that's true, then I'm still looking for that one.

And Anna, can you be the one?

No.

Oh, well.

Right?

No, I mean, I tried.

I feel like the answer was no.

Well, like I said, I like the pipes.

We just got to get some songwriting craft in there.

Right.

So have you ever, you've been very dodgy and cagey about these songs.

Dodgy, not at all.

We've been celebrating our record company for the last 59 years.

I don't know if you all know this Motown, my rivals, just celebrated 60 years.

Yeah, there's a Berry Gordy.

There is a Berry Gorder.

There is a Berry Gordy.

Gordy.

There is a Berry Gordy.

Fun fact, the reason why I started my record company was because my name was so close to his.

I figured there's a way to get in there.

That makes sense.

Make a little extra ground because somebody else already existed.

Yeah.

I highly suggest do not do something just because someone with a similar name to you did it.

Yeah, that's a bad road.

That's a bad road for some of us.

Well, for some of them.

But for me, it's been a road of nothing but nonstop hits for 10 years.

For 10 years?

Yeah, can you give them names?

You just celebrated your 59 year anniversary, I thought.

But you've only had nonstop hits for 10 years?

For 10 years, we were nonstop hits.

And then after that, we were just kind of scratching and clawing on residuals and royalties from our past hits and flopping.

So from 60 to 70, you had hits?

Oh my god.

Oh man, the 60s was, I mean, when you think about everything that came after.

That was in the 60s.

No, that was a solid.

It was like a flashback in hell.

Yeah, it was like your eyes rolled back.

I would say the 60s were a nonstop party and everyone was invited.

And the king there was Perry Gordon.

And the 70s, not necessarily a nonstop party, but the 60s were so good, I was able to coast for those next 10 years off of that.

By the 80s, it's a little rough.

Little rough.

Well, let's talk about the 90s then.

Oh, the 90s.

When grunge came out, oh man, grunge.

Grunge, right?

OK.

That doesn't even sound like anything.

Grunge.

I think I remember in the 90s, after Aerosmith and Run DMC had a big crossover, you tried to.

In 1986?

In 86, we've walked this way.

And then six years later, because time moves.

When grunge is around you.

Grunge came along.

And you tried to do a crossover hit with Nirvana, right?

Like a grunge gangster rap crossover with Nirvana and Snoop Dogg, right?

Yes, it was called Smells Like Teen Smear It In This Weed.

Teen Smear It?

Smear It In This Weed.

I love that one.

Did you have to change the title from Teen Spirit because of copyright issues?

I mean, trust me, somebody who's been riding on the back of other people's songs his whole life, you know you've got to change just a little bit.

So you're just hoping no one would notice you changed that P to an M?

Oh, and guess what?

Didn't get sued.

Congratulations.

Didn't get sued for songs such as Stop Or My Love Will Shoot.

Stop Or My Love.

I listen from The Great Vine.

Was Stop Or My Love Will Shoot off of Stop Or My Mom Will Shoot?

No, which is funny.

I tried to sue them for that, even though I knew it had nothing to do with my song, because back then I was scrounging.

We needed money.

Sure.

I ended up putting us more in debt because the lawyer's fees were so high, and we lost that case.

So you basically, if I'm getting what you're saying here, because you've been very evasive.

Not me.

You have no one to look to to get your story straight, so you've been sweating.

I mean, that's just because it's hot in here.

I mean, it's not that hot.

I mean, it's winter.

It's two weeks after the Grammys.

But you.

The Grammys, which I was there.

You were there, because was Barry Gordy there as well?

He might have been somewhere around.

They were celebrating Motown.

Well, yeah, Motown did have a celebration.

I was at the Grammys.

I was not at this Motown celebration.

I was a separate celebration.

I was at the Grammys.

I got in as a seat filler.

And I would hover around where a lot of the stars was, get some of my pictures taken.

It was a fun time.

We tried to rekindle some past relationships with people.

Sure.

Anyone remember you?

Lionel Richie remembered me.

Really?

Oh, wow.

From the Commodores himself.

Yes.

He said, hey, when did you do that?

Scratching my car because I wouldn't listen to your CD?

Oh.

So this was the late 80s or early 90s.

He remembered me, baby.

That's all that matters.

He remembered me.

He remembered you, yeah.

You scratched his car.

Well, I scratched it because sometimes you have to force people to listen to goodness.

Sometimes people are too stubborn in this.

Like, you all know that you work in the entertainment industry, such as I. And you know, sometimes you're stuck in your ways, and you're like, well, I think I know it.

Don't glom onto their status in the entertainment industry.

I mean, just like you and me work where equally as good and successful and capable.

You two are all four of us are.

All five of us really have all reached the same painful success.

I would really distance yourselves from these guys if I were you.

I'll rep both of you.

I'll rep you.

I'll rep anybody in here.

I mean, if you could.

You'll rep him.

Yeah.

I mean, you could.

Hey, I mean, look.

I could get you from seat filler to toilet filler.

Wait a minute.

What?

What does that mean?

It sounded like a diss.

No, no, no.

What's a toilet filler?

Well, a lot of people don't know this, but at award shows, everyone wants to know that the toilets have been used.

That they're full.

That they're operable?

Yeah.

That they're operable.

Because people are having a good time.

Yes, exactly.

So they're dumping a lot.

Exactly.

They're eating the food.

They're drinking.

But what happens is a lot of people at award shows are not using the restroom too much.

So they get to the restrooms.

They see it's spotless.

And they think, I don't know if I trust this one.

I don't trust this one.

Not a fun party.

Where's the vomit?

Yeah, where's the vomit?

Right, right.

Where's all the poop that's not been flushed down?

I feel that.

I feel that way sometimes when I walk in.

So if you walked into the bathroom and you saw a Perry Gordon pee in the toilet, or a vomit in the urinal, or whatever, a woman pee in.

Just the leftover stuff, not the person.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Exactly.

Maybe Perry, you're walking out of it, like sort of mopping your brow, going, that was a rough one.

Or.

Mopping your brow.

I mean, well, look, I don't have to practice that, because I do that all the time at home.

I know you are sweating so hard right now.

I mean, yeah, like I said, it's very, very hot.

I don't know what fluid is coming out more, the ooze out of his ears, or the sweat coming out of your glands.

I mean, well, look, I should be used to it, baby.

When I used to write hits back in the 60s, I could tell you right now we recorded in rooms smaller than this room, and they were always very hot.

What did it sound like?

But I guess back to my point before, yeah.

The room?

Oh, it was kind of windy.

Leaving the windows open?

Oh, yes, most definitely.

We couldn't close them.

Right.

So back to my point before, though, it sounds like what you would do back in the 60s is you would take another song, and you would change the title of it, and just put it out as your own?

I mean, yes, but the way you say it makes it sound like a negative.

I don't understand.

Oh, no, I didn't mean to do that.

I could.

OK, well, you had like an inflection on it.

Like, that's art, too.

I beg your pardon.

Can I try a different inflection?

Please.

I'll try an Australian accent as well.

If that's OK, I'll sort of fold that into it.

Is that OK?

Actually, yes.

We're international, so I would love that.

Neil, you in the 60s.

Mm.

You.

Slight.

Took, saw you.

You took other people's songs.

You changed them.

You made them your own.

You, yeah, you.

How was that?

Was that?

That was so good.

That's OK?

I can tell you right now, little Australian boy, I did do that.

Thank you, sir.

And I can tell you right now, and they were always hits.

I mean, like.

What were some of your songs that you put out?

Besides the ones that I already named.

Yeah, you named two.

Tears of a Comic.

That's based on Tears of a Clown?

I mean, who's to say?

The song Tidal Wave.

It's like the tidal wave.

Jack.

Like Heat Wave.

Is that?

Who's to say?

Now, I wouldn't think that Tidal Wave would be comparable to a Heat Wave or even a Heat Wave's opposite.

If you heard my version, baby, you would say that it was comparable to anything.

It was comparable to a hit.

Scotty was comparable to a hit.

But I would think that the opposite of a Heat Wave would be it's cold outside, not that massive destructive force of water was rushing down my street.

Look, sometimes when you're making hits and people are begging for more hits, you just got to put it out there.

You don't got time to be like, is this comparable to this?

Is this akin to this?

Is this the same thing as this?

But then the vice versa where sometimes you're making hits.

You're making art, art, art.

Sometimes you're not just being like, hey, everyone, come into the room real quick.

Now, listen to this song.

Now, tell me if this song is the exact bizarro world version of that song.

Right?

That's how you would describe your musical style, bizarro world versions of Motown hits.

I mean, that's what I'm saying.

We don't got time for that.

Early on.

There wasn't time.

Early on.

But after that, we got a little less meticulous about that.

But guess what?

The hits stayed the same.

I saw that people are pretty upset at you now because of your Instagram account, Fuck Perry, which is all just memes that you took from the Fuck Jerry.

Fuck Jerry, yeah.

Oh, yes, yes.

Why doesn't anyone?

Yeah, I mean, you're the first person to do that to just like, hey, fuck it, fuck Jerry's going to take it.

Oh, I mean, I've been stealing stuff for years.

Yeah.

I've been, I don't want to say stealing.

I've been borrowing.

I've been being influenced by other stuff for years.

I used to go by the fattest Jewish.

That was me earlier, back when that was popular.

Which, by the way, looking at you, you're neither of.

No, not at all.

Wait, did you say fattish or fattish?

Fattest.

The fattest Jewish.

You're so thin because I feel like you're sweating out your entire body weight during this appearance.

I mean, well, that's the heat.

I mean, I was also very thin when I came in here because I haven't really eaten a good meal in a while.

Should we open the windows like you had before?

Oh, no, please.

I'm afraid I will blow out.

Yeah, you are so thin.

I mean, we have an intern here, Gino, who's perilously thin.

But you, I mean, you were giving him a run for his money.

Oh, I don't run.

Yeah, oh, I would imagine.

Yeah, I would think you just like a Mary Poppins kite, you would just sail off into the clouds.

Oh, yes.

That's why those cinder blocks right outside the door, those are mine.

OK, those strings are hooked up to your feet.

Yeah, I noticed that.

Oh, my gosh.

That's cute.

Yeah.

I mean, well, you might think they're cute, but they're a necessity.

Yeah.

Well, I mean, Seth Berkowitz, I mean, if you were, you're a master publicist.

Thank you so much.

Thank you, finally.

If you were to try to do something for Perry, Perry Gordon, he seems a little down on his luck, if I'm going to be honest.

Aren't we all?

No.

You don't need to rope us into that.

I think we're very successful.

I feel OK today.

Yeah.

Fantastic.

Right.

And I don't know, Perry, would you say you're down on your luck?

I mean, I could say it in an Australian accent, it might make it better.

You're down on your luck, Seth.

I mean, I don't like to look at it as down on my luck, because I feel like once you admit that, then guess what?

You're down there forever.

Right.

But I can tell you right now, Perry could use a win.

Sure.

I don't think they could use a win.

Maybe if Lady Luck were to take off those cinder blocks, you could get back into the show business stratosphere.

OK, well, hopefully the roof's closed, because I don't want to fly out of so good a stratosphere.

OK, so you want Lady Luck to have a roof closed, but you still want to let her to take the cinder blocks out.

Oh, that would be beautiful.

That would be beautiful.

Yeah, a lot of qualifiers on this fantasy.

That would be beautiful.

Did you just use hand sanitizer?

Yeah, is the smell bothering you?

Well, a little bit.

I'm just wondering why write this moment like right now?

Because the sweat is making it worse.

It's flicking off.

It's flicking off every time he talks.

No offense.

You're also wearing those sports shirts that the sweat flicks off of it, and you're not even moving.

Oh, yes.

You're wearing the Uniqlo Heat Tech technology.

I talk about Heat Tech every day.

It's the best technology for any type of clothes.

Yeah.

Sure.

Even if you're wanting to be cold.

Absolutely.

But it feels like there's a humidifier in the room right now.

I mean, it's just like the sweat flicking off onto our faces here.

I mean, honestly, I put on the Heat Tech thinking, like, oh, this is necessary.

My body weight, I'm very susceptible to the cold weather or whatever.

I didn't know I was going to be going into a room in hell.

Good joke.

Again, it's very cold in here.

It's the winter time.

The Scott Akerman or Scott Hades.

Not even really a rhyme.

But Seth Berkowitz, what would you do with his career?

Well, I'd give every one of my ideas.

When a client comes into my closet, I'd go to the.

How often is that?

Well, I had MoviePass.

You had MoviePhone.

I had MoviePhone.

I worked pretty closely with Rhapsody Music.

What is Rhapsody Music?

You all know Spotify.

You probably use it.

Rhapsody was the one before that.

Yes.

Right.

So I worked with a lot of pioneers.

What about Napster?

Napster I couldn't get a.

Couldn't land the account.

I couldn't get the room with.

I couldn't get the Napster account.

I do have Bear Share and LimeWire.

OK, LimeWire.

Oh, LimeWire.

Yeah, that's what I was going to say.

When you listen to Rhapsody now, is it all MoviePhone information instead of songs?

We do.

We have tiered work there.

Some tiered subscriptions.

MoviePass and Rhapsody are all.

They work together.

Synergy.

So if you go.

Yeah, if you go see Dogs Purpose, you're actually just going to be seeing movie times.

You did not mention that.

I'm sure I did.

I'm sure.

I'm sure you did not.

Yeah.

But look, moving, pivoting away from MoviePass, what would you do with Perry here?

I would tell Perry what I tell anybody that walks into my closet.

I ask three questions.

This is my three important questions.

OK.

Number one, are you related to anybody with a horrifying pass?

And if so, how can we distance you from it?

I mean, that's a good question.

Are you related to any serial killers?

I mean, Gordon.

I mean, it's very similar to Gordon Jump, who played a child molester on different strokes and practically ruined his career.

Well, I wouldn't know I was raised in an orphanage with just one person there attending to the kids.

Oh, no.

Just one person attending to the kids.

What orphanage was that?

We were raised in an understaffed orphanage.

I mean, you say that.

The worst kind of orphanage.

But I mean, it was understaffed in people, but I could tell you it was overstaffed in love.

Wow.

That's a beautiful way of putting it.

That's gorgeous.

That's fantastic.

How many kids?

And that was one of my first songs before I started aping overstaffed in love.

Overstaffed in love.

That time you did the singing inhale, and you came through for us.

Well, because I don't know, that was one of my earlier songs.

That wasn't necessarily as big of a hit as I wish it would have been.

Yeah.

How big was it and how big did you wish?

Very small.

You had that whole album of love and business metaphors, right?

I mean, that was my earlier stuff.

But I realized that that type of creativity really didn't sell.

What did sell is like, hey, remember that song that we really liked?

Here's another kind of similar song to that, but a little bit different.

You've had a lot of trouble remembering those songs that people really liked.

You've come up with about five.

Like I said, it was the 60s.

It was a crazy time.

You know what I'm saying about the 60s.

If you remember the 60s, you weren't there.

And I can tell you I was there and by it, but not in mind.

Not in mind.

So what are your other two questions?

Now, number two.

I hear about this orphanage, too.

Me too.

Number two.

OK.

Are you financially solvent right now?

I mean, there is a problem to be solved, if that's what you mean.

No.

I mean, are you making money?

But it sounds like you're not.

Come on.

Perry's always making money somehow.

So how much do you need?

Well, I take 10% of your publicity.

OK.

So you don't take money?

You take 10% of his publicity?

That's exactly right.

So you give him 90% of the publicity you should be giving him?

Yes.

And you hold back 10% for yourself?

And then there's 10 for me.

What do you do with the 10%?

Well, I publicize Berkowitz no relation.

I don't think you need any more publicity.

I do.

I think every 10% counts.

And that's the thing is you never get comfortable.

Right.

Never get comfortable.

I tell that to all my clients.

Right.

You don't even have chairs in your office?

No.

My office is very uncomfortable.

Really?

We do have those weird, ergonomic, plastic-backed ones.

Even you call them weird.

And you own them?

Yes.

Well, it was all designed by a Dutch modernist architect.

Oh, OK.

Saint Amour.

Yes.

Literally Saint Amour.

Oh, you know Saint Amour.

Fantastic architect.

Yeah, I love them.

Saint Amour.

Yes.

Saint Amour, yeah.

So you own several Saint Amours in your office.

And then what is the third question that you want to ask?

And the third question is, if you grew up in an orphanage, where was it?

You ask every one of your clients that?

Absolutely.

And watch it work right now.

I'm sure if I asked Anna and Maya, it would work on 20% of them.

What?

20%?

Of us?

Yeah.

It would have to be 50 or 50, I believe.

Right.

Look, we'll leave the math to the guys in the accounting room.

To the ENT.

Got it.

Where was this orphanage?

Oh, I grew up in Skinn-Flint, Michigan.

Skinn-Flint, Michigan.

That's a horrible town, as I recall.

A lot of poverty there.

Oh, you're thinking of Flint, Michigan.

Skinn-Flint.

Oh, that's right.

Skinn-Flint, actually, there's a lot of people who have a lot of money.

They just don't like to spend it.

Oh, yeah.

Yeah.

I mean, yeah.

They keep it under their bed.

There's a lot of miters.

There's a lot of miters in Skinn-Flint.

Under their mattresses.

There's a lot of miters in Skinn-Flint.

And then one large orphanage.

Yes.

OK.

Yes.

Well, I mean, large in the sense of being like the people that are there.

That are large.

It's not that big of a building, though.

Right.

So it's overstuffed with heart and both heart and children.

Fat children.

Overstuffed with love.

Overstuffed with love, overstuffed with children.

Mm-hmm.

Double stuffed with Oreos.

Understaffed with adults.

Understuffed, yes.

Right.

Look, I like everything that's going on in this room, baby.

I'm loving the vibe in here.

And I'm just liking the energy.

It reminds me of when I used to record here, T.F. had the good energy.

And I could say, me too.

It's like, this should be an easy layup for you.

This is what you came here to talk about.

I came here to talk about.

Should we lead you in?

I mean.

Look.

Ah.

We.

Can everyone stop blowing, please?

Can everyone stop blowing and shaking my body?

Yeah, you can stop.

Yeah, he's a.

So these cinder blocks are really straining to hold him down.

Can you please stop, please?

OK, look, Perry, I don't know that there's a lot we can do for you.

But Seth, I'm going to pass him off to you if that's OK.

Yeah, I've already signed Scott today.

I'd love to sign you.

Oh, I don't think that I'm.

No, let's.

Well, I already emailed your PR and fired them.

So you fired my PR people on your behalf.

Oh, no.

So but I think we're going to do well together.

What's this going to do to my star meter?

Oh, every star meter I've worked with has changed.

For the better.

You know, the.

That's the star meter biz.

You know, you can't live and die by the star meter.

I want to tell you that, you know, you got this new show, you're going to be looking at your star meter every morning.

There's more than just the star meter.

Like what?

There's there's hit pieces.

Who's pieces?

Wait, you're like you try to get people to write hit pieces on your client.

Yes, and everyone's talking about you.

No, that's terrible.

Hit pieces are they're supposed to take down a career.

Well, tell that to my man Liam Neeson, who was trending.

No, you represented.

Oh, very close.

Thank you.

You represented Liam Neeson.

Well, yeah, I represented him.

Then some stuff came out.

He's number one trending on Twitter.

And he buys him to say that stuff.

Yes, he told me that story.

And I said, juice it, baby.

That's the story, Liam.

Now people are going to either relate to this or hate this.

And that's my rhyme.

Relate or hate.

Look, we're running out of time.

We just have one last feature on the show.

It is a little something that we call Plugs.

Plugs, everyone.

Plugs, everything.

It's time for some plugs.

Plugs.

Ooh, nice and short.

I love it.

That was Big's Plugs Jingle by Zelda and the Unibrows.

Thank you so much to Zelda and the Unibrows.

If you want to be famous for a week, send us your Plugs themes.

And let's plug it up, guys.

Anna and Maya, obviously Pen15 is out there.

It is.

I know a fact that will get people to watch this.

Maya, your real mom stars in this.

Yes, that is my real mom.

Let's go, Erskine.

She's really good.

And she was in your student films when you were younger.

Oh, I did not know that.

Wow.

I put her in my films.

Yeah.

And she took her to the studio.

And she got signed.

Damn.

Just kidding.

No, when I put her.

She didn't get signed because.

She's unsigned.

Because she was unsigned.

She's unsigned.

She's looking for reps, actually.

She's like Fresh Brie waiting to dig into, you know?

Yeah, absolutely.

I'll spread that and break a cracker.

Is she related to anyone in her past that she may be embarrassed about?

That she wants to say no relation to?

Yes.

OK.

Such as?

I'm not going to get out ahead of that.

Such as?

Yeah.

You just didn't inhale.

And you didn't have nothing came out.

That was a song inhale.

That was my answer.

Oh, OK.

And what orphanage did she grow up in?

She grew up in Japan.

They had to share.

It was post right after the war.

So their post right after the war.

Post right after the war.

So we're talking the 60s?

If you remember them, you were not there.

And we were listening to his hits.

Or she was, right?

As they all were, baby.

As they all were.

And she was called the sixth child.

Oh.

Because they didn't want to name her.

That's what her name means, right?

How interesting.

The sixth child.

What is her first name?

Or?

Mutsuko.

And that's the sixth child?

And that's why we put her number six on the call sheet.

Oh, well, now you're talking my language, baby.

We're talking call sheet.

Call sheet.

Here we go.

Yes.

Who?

What's the nearest hospital is what I'm wondering.

Oh.

Cedars.

Oh, good.

That's always right there up in the prime and pole position.

Like the babysitter call sheet.

Yeah.

Like when I babysat.

Am I misunderstanding?

They always have a nearest hospital.

Oh, on the call sheet.

I'm thinking of when you're a professional babysitter.

There's a list of places to call if there is an emergency.

And one of them's the hospital.

I put the nearest hospital because that's where they can usually find me if I'm not home by the right time.

Right.

Got it.

So I got to ask.

You both star in the show.

You have equal billing.

Who's number one?

Who's number two?

We're both.

No.

Oh, it's alphabetical.

It's alphabetical.

So you know.

I know because of course you look.

Because it's a sticking point with you?

It's not a sticking point.

Because you're number two.

I'm number two.

Unless it's alphabetical by first name.

It's alphabetical by last name.

By last name.

So you knew this.

I did.

She didn't.

So it says really something negative about me.

But I always.

You never look at the call sheet?

How do you know where the hospital is?

I ask someone to text me what time I got to be there.

I show up.

You hire an extra person to text you?

They're not paid.

That's their only job.

They're not paid.

No, no, they're paid by me.

They're not paid by Hulu or anyone.

And they text me.

They just text you when you have to show up.

And I have to show up when I have to leave.

Because I don't know when they say.

They have to text you when you have to leave.

Absolutely.

So when they say that's a wrap on Maya.

I have to wait.

You sit there waiting for a text.

I have to wait for that text.

Seems like it makes me laugh.

I mean, that's what this is what call sheets are for.

This is a streamline of this process.

I never.

She never knew.

All right.

Well, look, Pen15 out there right now.

People, if you have a Hulu subscription, you can watch it.

And all 10 episodes are there.

Let's give it the CBB bump.

Let's move over to Seth Berkowitz.

Do you have anything to plug?

Movie phone is back.

It's better than ever.

Movie movie pass back.

Better than ever.

Rhapsody back.

Better than ever.

And my nearest client, Scott Aukerman.

I don't want to go away.

I don't need to be back.

He's going to have a story about some people he's walked through the streets looking for.

Oh, no.

And it's coming out tomorrow.

Oh, shit.

So keep your eye on the trades.

Oh, no.

Perry Gordon, anything you want to plug?

Yes.

Like we said earlier, you could catch me on my Instagram at fuck Perry.

If you can't find it, then look up the most popular sighted thing at the time and then flip that and it's probably mine.

OK.

So the egg, for instance, that was out recently.

Is that you did something with that?

I don't know what you're talking about.

I'm still on fuck Perry right now.

I can tell it's on the downside, so I'm going to be on the lookout for something else.

OK, you move on to the egg.

I forgot to move on to something else.

That was popular two weeks ago when the Super Bowl happened.

The egg?

Three weeks ago.

OK.

You could make it like the peg or something like that.

Yeah, the peg.

I think peg.

Or the gag.

The peg sounds perfect.

There's nothing that anyone could say wrong about it.

If you look up the peg on the internet, something very different will come up.

It's like Harry, but not yet.

I think that's a good one.

Untouchable name.

Untouchable.

I want to plug.

Oh, OK.

This I do want to plug.

Let's make sure that people know about this.

This is very cool, I think.

We have a comedy bang bang vinyl record coming out now.

It is the Farts and Procreation double album set.

This is the episodes that we did with Harris Whittles and Adam Scott and Chelsea Peretti.

This is the Brian Pieces and Jack's Jr. Saga.

It's four sides, so a double vinyl.

People can order that now.

I'm not sure how people order it, but you can go to just go to earwolf.com or go to my Twitter.

You can find the information about it.

So we're very excited.

This is the first record we've ever put out, and the proceeds benefit Harris Whittles Foundation.

So yeah, so go get that.

And that's it.

Let's close up the old plug bag.

Close your eyes and open up that bag.

You've got to get those eyes closed.

Get them, get them, open up that bag.

Don't be closing, don't be closing.

Open them up and let's get loaded.

Let's get loaded, open up the bag.

Open up the bag, open up the bag.

Open up the motherfucking bag.

Open up the bag, open up the bag.

Open up the motherfucking bag.

I don't know if it's I'm used to it now, but I'm genuinely starting to like it now.

It's been two months at this point.

I hated it for five weeks, and now I like it.

I don't know.

What do you guys think?

The plug out?

Yeah, that's it.

I love it.

You love it.

I wanted to sing along, but I was scared to.

Oh, no, never be scared.

Open up the bag.

Oh, remix.

You went ah, and then you got a look of fear.

And you.

Wait, wait, can you just.

Let's play it again.

I want to hear you guys sing along to it.

All right.

Let's play it again and see what you guys can do to it.

Here we go.

Close your eyes.

Open up the bag.

I got the hang of it.

I'm going to open up your bag.

I'm going to open.

I like to open my eyes.

I like to close my mouth.

I like to open the world.

I like to see what's up.

Open up the bag.

You can't be going on.

I'm going to open up the bag.

There's still 45 seconds.

Open up the bag.

Let's take it out.

That's what.

That's let's take it out.

That's what you're not prepared for.

When you think it's over.

That's the problem with this.

When you think it's over.

There still is upwards of two minutes left to go on.

You're really not prepared for when you say, let me sing along to this mentally.

You're not prepared.

Thank you for taking us out.

Yeah, no problem.

Sorry, I didn't join you.

I took a deep breath in and I sucked Perry into my body.

Oh, my God.

He's gone.

Oh, yeah.

I think if I open my mouth real wide, you could probably hear.

Did you guys switch?

Yeah.

Open it up really wide.

Perry, you in there?

Hey, that was great.

You like to record you.

You're enjoying this.

And a star in my son.

I changed your last name because your names were kind of hard.

OK, that's good.

Do it for us.

We'll see you next time.

Thanks.

Bye.

Heroes.
