---
layout: page
title: 588. Jason Mantzoukas, Thomas Middleditch [https：⧸⧸cloudfront.wolfpub.io⧸CBB-588-20190207-ZouksMiddleditch-DTBv01-PW.mp3].mp3.wav
category: cbb 
---

♪ Comedy Bang Bang ♪ Life ain't so simple when you've got a nipple, pimple.

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

Uh huh, thank you to Senor Gravy Stains for that catchphrase submission.

Just sitting in silent judgment is our next guest.

I'm just letting you do your thing, man.

This is my thing.

You're projecting that judgment.

Don't encroach upon my thing.

I'm just sitting here listening to you quote Senor Gravy Stains.

And a very typical listener.

This is Comedy Bang Bang.

That's the kind of listener that we love, Senor Gravy Stains.

My name's Scott Aukerman.

Welcome to the show for another week.

And we have an incredible show today.

Coming up a little later, we have a new guest to the show.

I always love talking to new people.

It's great to meet new people, to talk to them, to get to know their foibles.

I traverse this world over hoping to meet new people every single day because I am a people person.

Are you really?

I meant to say I'm a person.

I guess that's I said it twice, but I'm a person.

So you're just a person.

Yeah, that's what I meant to say.

Regardless of whether or not you enjoy people.

Yeah, no, I'm a person is what I meant to say.

Got it.

But we do have a new person.

Did you feel like you needed to get that out?

Did you feel like there's like a lot of people have been wondering on the internet, on Reddit threads, conjecturing that you are in fact not a person?

I could be an anthropomorphic dog as far as they know.

Interesting.

I could be a cartoon character.

Like a Mr. Peanut Butter type of character from Bojack Horseman.

No, no, that's the opposite.

Are you talking about Mr. Peanut because he's an anthropomorphic peanut.

No, that's Mr. Peanut.

That is Mr. Peanut.

That's what I'm saying.

Are you talking about Mr. Peanut?

Well, no.

Okay.

So when I say are you talking about Mr. Peanut, you can't correct me and say, no, you're talking about Mr. Peanut.

You might not know this.

Mr. Peanut fucked Mrs. Butter.

Mrs. Butterworth?

Mrs. Butterworth and Mr. Peanut Butter was the hyphenate child.

He fucked her in the Mrs. Butt.

Terweth.

Boo.

Very good.

Welcome to our guest, Jason Manzukas.

He's an old friend.

We have a new friend coming up is where I wanted to go.

A little later, we'll be talking to Caitlin.

But until we do, Jason Manzukas of The Leagues and of the How Did This Get Made podcast and of The Dictator.

Correct.

And nothing else.

Well, I do believe you had a movie recently called Where in the World?

No, what is it called?

Where in the World is Carmen Sandiego?

You might not, you might know me as one of the founding members of Rockapella.

You have talked about it so many times on the show and yet for the life of me, I couldn't tell you what the name of this movie is.

It is heartbreaking that you can't remember my career.

We are friends.

It is called The Long Dumb Road.

The Long Dumb Road, of course.

It is available now on Blu-ray.

That's right.

So get out there and get yourself a Blu-ray player.

Also, don't get it on Blu-ray if you don't want.

Just rent it off of iTunes.

Rent it, buy it, whatever you like to do.

Get the girl or guy that you enjoy kissing on.

Put the movie on and I guarantee you will get turned the fuck on.

Put some peanut butter on your penis and whatever comes over.

Oh.

Hey, that's a fun night.

How do you mean?

Just whatever comes, be it your loved one, be it your an animal, whatever you want.

Just like, no?

You don't do you think that's okay?

Do you are you advocating?

Because look, do you think are you of the opinion that if the animal is choosing to eat the peanut butter, that's the animal's choice?

That is yes, exactly.

That is consent right there.

I can't see.

We are barely minutes into this.

The thing is, is you have to slather it on in front of them so that it's like there's no trick involved.

See, this sounds like, but if you want this peanut butter, it's from experience.

R.I.P. Rocky.

R.I.P.

Yes, my dear Rocky.

Uh, Jason, do you have any pets?

Have you ever had any pets?

I had a dog named Turkey.

Turkey the dog.

That's confusing.

I agree.

I inherited the name, but you know what?

I love you.

You inherited it from your father?

No.

Yeah.

Well, no, it was Turkey's.

Turkey's father's name was Turkey.

My father's name was Turkey, which was very awkward for a Greek man.

Very difficult.

Social commentary.

I had a dog named Turkey.

She was a pit beagle mix.

She was the cutest and the best.

And then she died in my arms, heartbreakingly.

In your arms.

What did you do?

Did you crush her?

What?

How did this happen?

Yeah, Lenny from Of Mice and Mend Her.

Look, I'm going to of mice and mend you.

That's good.

Listen up, Turkey.

Slathered your arms in peanut butter.

She was making too much noise when militants are coming by.

And I said, shut that dog up.

And someone strangled it just like that.

Militants.

That's what you.

Just like that MASH episode.

Oh, okay.

I thought you were talking about Of Mice and Mend.

No, I'm talking.

I jumped to another like unfortunate killing of an innocent.

It was a baby.

Exactly.

There we go.

I was thinking of Of Mice and Mend were they instead she gives sustenance to the baby from her supple teat.

Not to spoil the end of Of Mice and Mend for it.

No, not of mice and mend.

What am I talking about?

I'm talking about the other Steinbeck.

Oh, what's the one where she whips her titty out?

Grapes of wrath.

Are you okay?

Welcome back to Scott Archimund's book club.

All I know is if there's a titty in a book.

Supple teat, which I did find erotic.

Grapes of wrath.

A lot of people right now are, you know, because people listen to these podcasts when they're commuting, when they're doing stuff, when they're laundry, when they're, you know, running around doing errands.

Right now, every single one of them is jerking off.

That's right.

They have a big.

Everybody is like, there are pile ups.

If they're driving, they have a big boner and it's acting like the club.

Yeah, essentially in their steering wheel.

They can't turn their wheel because their boner is hitting this windshield because of your description of the supple teat.

That's right.

It I tell you what a surprise ending.

Shocker.

Shumble on esque.

Very much so.

I could not pull when I read, when I turned that page, here's how I remember it in my mind.

So the description is it's at the bottom of the page.

She whipped out her and then you had to turn the page and then the very top word is tit.

Is that what it is?

I'm pretty sure that's how Steinbeck described it, but that's how that's the, you added the word supple and teat, but that is the impact it had on me where I went.

Whoa, she got a titty out.

Yeah.

I remember it slightly differently.

I remember reading like recognizing that something has a metaphor, recognizing that something needed to be done.

She, she pulled out her and you turn the page.

Sweet, sweet sweater me.

Oh dear.

I, by the way, I apologize to any listener of the show who does not listen.

Although I suppose when you see Jason Manzukas on the show.

Yeah, that's true.

Sweet sweater me.

And then an arrow sweater me.

I guess it wouldn't be pointing down because the words would be on the actual outline of the boobs.

Yeah.

Got it.

Sweet, sweet sweater.

So the S sweet, sweet, and then underneath sweater me.

All right.

I don't know.

I mean like we can, we can workshop this.

Yeah.

Let's get some ladies in here and start putting some designs on them for a couple of cool dudes to decide how to make shirts that talk about ladies boobies.

I apologize to any of our listeners, but when Jason Manzukas is on the show, it's gonna get blue.

Talking tins.

We're talking tins.

We are dripping that milk.

Glug, glug, glug.

Vitamin D.

This shit's not pasteurized.

Straight from the tap.

What if the singer vitamin C said to the world in a big press conference, I'm changing my name to vitamin D and it's all about my boobs now.

What do you think?

I don't mind it.

I mean, here's the yeah.

Here's what I'm now realizing though.

Vitamin D could also be dick, you know, like you need a little vitamin D.

That's not a bad pickup line for you.

By the way, you really you think I could walk up to somebody in a bar and be just cold.

Hey, I'm sorry.

Have you seen a nutritionist lately?

Because I'm pretty sure you're short of a little vitamin D.

Zip, zip, flap.

Arrested.

Zip, zip, flap.

Hey, that's a t-shirt.

Zip, zip, flap, arrested.

Handcuffs.

Zip, fap.

You're saying fap like it's a Spider-Man sound effect.

Thwip.

Thwip would be.

Yeah, zip, thwip.

Zip, thwip.

So that this is a spider.

This is totally Marvel hit us up.

This is totally separate Spider-Man t-shirt we wanted.

Here's the thing.

We've never seen, we've never seen Spider-Man pull his dick out.

We've not any of the movies.

My assumption is it's zip.

Thwip.

He hits his dick with some web juice, right?

To stretch it out.

So that he can pull his dick without having to use his hands.

Yes, exactly.

He doesn't want to wash his hands afterwards.

Or before.

You know what?

Here's the thing.

Why aren't we talking about people?

Here's the reality.

I mean, this is not a joke anymore.

Why aren't we teaching people to wash their hands before they touch their dicks?

Yes, exactly.

I wash my hands before and after because I'm out there in the world.

Yeah, I'm out in these streets touching shit, shaking hands.

Yeah, what do I do?

Shaking hands meeting the people.

Next thing I know, I'm just like touching on my dick like, yeah, and then I wash afterwards as if my dick's the dirty thing.

No, guess what?

Your hands are the dirty thing.

All you filthy monsters are the dirty things.

Guess what I don't, if I, if every hand I touched, I was like, oh, you know what?

You should touch my dick.

It's almost like you're getting a hand job from every single person that you've met.

But now I'm listening.

And that to me is that we, everybody should be washing their hands all the time.

How often, and I know you're a bit, a bit of a, I'm curious where this is going.

Legend.

Ooh, definitely do a 180 from that.

I think the word you're looking for is hunk.

All I can think of is chrono.

But what is the person who is a hypochondriac?

Thank you.

Yes.

What a lot of listeners don't know is I think in Latin.

That is my original language.

I always have to translate everything.

Oh man.

That's so cool.

Yeah.

That's so cool of you.

You're a bit of a hypochondriac.

How often do you wash your hands every single day?

I watched me.

I don't know, but a lot so much so that my hands are raw, like a raw and like, like Eddie Murphy over there.

They are, my hands are wearing tiny, um, leather, red leather jumpsuits and let yellow leather shoes and saying some unfortunate words over and over again.

The red leather, we should have done our warmups before we did this show.

What if you were in a Broadway show and that's all you did before every performance.

You're in Hamilton and everyone's passing by your dressing room and you're just going, fuck.

Fuck.

Yeah, they would think you were an insane person.

Yeah, but I mean, if you're delivering the goods on that stage and then you're out there Alexander Hamilton, I presume that's how the show goes.

Okay.

I saw it once.

Yeah, of course.

We all did Alexander Hamilton.

And Lin-Manuel Miranda is listening to this and he's like, come on, Scott, four and three and two and one when Alexander Hamilton is on grabbing his gun.

I don't know something like that.

I get anyone who you rewriting Hamilton.

Anyone can write Hamilton.

This is my point.

Please call in.

I bet you that I could write Hamilton in like one day.

It took him like years.

I bet I could write it in one day.

You think it wouldn't be good Hamilton in one day or you think you could write a similar, a similar music.

Give me the exact same plot points.

Which he took from a book.

I was going to say, let's give you another historical figure in the challenge will be.

Okay.

Can you write a different Hamilton George Hamilton?

Yeah, George Hamilton.

Love it for Spites, George Hamilton.

Yep.

Let's do it.

Sure.

We'll make a Hamilton musical.

It'll be about George Hamilton.

It'll be rap.

By the way, this is not the worst idea I've ever heard.

Like there's a version of you that spends the next year doing this.

Libretto by.

Finally Hamilton comes to Netflix and it's just a George Hamilton musical.

Is he still with us?

George Hamilton.

Of course he is.

Of course.

Why wouldn't he be?

I used to get George Hamilton and Robert Wagner confused at us when I was young.

Oh, yeah, you can't do that.

No, they're both very similarly.

Well, I don't know if Robert Wagner is tan.

He's not as tan, but they have a similar similar vibe.

Definitely.

Robert Wagner, of course from heart to heart to heart.

Yeah.

Hey, is that your tie Max?

And I believe it's part of the Natalie Wood murder conspiracy.

I believe so.

I think Christopher Walken allegedly slayed her but I believe didn't listen to that podcast.

Didn't he toss her over the boat something like that?

Yeah, and then I wrote the song about it.

Yes, that's right.

And then he flew to Live Aid to Philadelphia from memory.

It sounded like you were bringing up Christopher Walken because you wanted to set up your perfect walking impression.

Oh, here we go.

You so good.

You that's all I do.

Good.

I can do any person saying the word you it really is like name a celebrity in terms of there is walking.

Yeah, there is Jay Moore's walk-in.

There is KP's walking Kevin Pollock's walking and then there's yours and there's it there are four walk.

There are four walk-ins you for Walkins walking into a bar for Walkins walk in to a bar.

Oh boy.

That's not a bad idea for a show to guys.

I could spend the next year writing that is all we're doing right here today.

We are making up your next year work worth of work.

I need something.

I need an idea.

I'm out.

Jason his holy it's always so good to see you.

You're one of our favorite guests and who knew that would happen the first time we ever talked to you who knew who knew many years ago so many years you've done so many episodes 50 something somewhere in there was your first one and very similar with our next guest who knows if we will be talking to her several times.

I can only make time to do that.

Like there were people that we would only speak to once and then they would never see you again.

Like every dog big dog came all big dog our friend big dog.

So because big dog somebody that we've been trying to get on the show for years.

And if you haven't listened to the holiday spectacular episode from 2018, you got to listen to it.

It's a home run episode big dog came in very very hot at the end of that episode.

So hot like owns the whole room like we knew just took over and then left and died immediately was like that is all I have left to accomplish on Earth took out a shotgun did to the heavens.

Yeah, it was crazy, but we still got to sell that t-shirt of his.

Oh, yeah covered in blood for catchphrases covered in blood, but we do have our next guest to get to and I don't know anything about this one.

Did you get any information or not?

And I can't wait to find out after this break.

Yeah, we owe after the break.

I'm assuming let's go to this break.

No, we're gonna show to comedy bang bang brought to my fortunately tote knows pizza rolls and bonobos unfortunate Totino's and bonobos.

What if they teamed up tote?

No, no, Bo's Totino.

No, Bo's but but but bony Bo but suddenly you've had a stroke Totino Bo's bunny bo bo bony Bo bony Bo pizza pants.

He's a bad.

Yeah.

Yeah, pizza pants by the way, also title and also not a bad idea.

I should spend the next year working on pizza pants.

Sorry.

That's a legit ID Scott.

Do you have the bonobos or Totino's corporations involved yet? No, but I want to perfect these things pizza pants is where it's at.

Listen, if shit gets crazy, you just eat them into shorts.

Hopefully cargo shorts first and then I want to sell these a big dog t-shirt.

Yep with bone.

What is it bonobos bonibo pizza bonibo pizza pants down on the bottom that it you'd be looking smart.

Oh, man, that is a fucking you know what?

We don't make enough clothing out of edible materials.

We don't what about those fundy undies.

What?

Oh, yeah underwear that's made out of fruit roll-up material roller.

That's what I was thinking fruit roll-up material.

Why are why fruit roll-ups in terms of being the only head of why not vegetable roll-ups roll-ups?

Yeah cauliflower.

I mean for edible underwear.

I'm curious why not pizza crust out of it now.

Let's make some edible underwear.

By the way, fucking this show so far so far.

We've had so many good ideas home run ideas that we have to copyright by the way before we get out of here.

We can't release this episode until we until we copyright every one of these to ourselves.

All right.

Well, we do need to get to our next guest right after this break.

No, we're gonna roll right into it.

I don't have any information about her which is I got to talk to our producer about that.

But she all I have is her name and only her first name.

This is really we need to get a little more info on our guests before she does.

Yeah.

I've been checking her out out of the side of my eye here for a couple minutes here while I've been side eyeing her.

I haven't been eye fucking her if that's what you're oh my god.

Oh, I beg your pardon.

I didn't know you could hear that.

Yeah, I didn't realize you would put on your oh, I'm sorry.

I just didn't know if I was supposed to speak.

Oh, no, you are so you are supposed to speak all introduce you.

All I have is your name.

Caitlin.

Hello Caitlin.

Hi, I'm Caitlin.

Hi.

It's so nice to meet you.

Hi.

Yeah, but I just want everyone to know it's spelled kind of crazy.

Oh, how's it spelled?

It's spelled k a i t l i n looks like crazy.

That's pretty much the one of the accepted spellings of Caitlin.

I would have guessed it was yeah, maybe you see instead of the K but no one of those like, you know, I mean, yeah, see apostrophe or KTL n.

Yeah.

Yeah, like that's like kind of what I'm going for it.

Like you did not achieve it.

Wait, how is it originally spelled?

I'm just like normal just like k y t l y and n e that's the crazy are yeah, like normal way of spelling it.

But yeah, I just wanted to kind of stand out because like, you know, like Madonna has only one name and like that's the only thing you can pick up other people.

There's so many others there's a seal.

Okay, my fear would be that I mean, no offense Caitlin.

I don't know what you do or we still offend our guests immediately.

But I mean, I feel like they're Caitlin.

Let's say Caitlyn Jenner right now has already kind of become a very prominent Caitlin.

And if I was to just hear the name Caitlin, I would think we were talking about Caitlyn Jenner because she's been so prominent in the news Madonna.

She picked Madonna because no one else was using Madonna right at the time, right?

But mine's Caitlin, but it's like, you know, it's like we it's like kind of crazy, right?

But we don't know the spelling when we're just saying it out loud people can't hear the spelling.

Yeah, I know but you would you Caitlin I am 17 years old.

Okay, so I am a minor.

I am a minor.

Okay.

Oh, is that true?

Isn't it?

What do you mean Jason?

Yeah, it is true.

Minor.

Yeah, it's like under 18.

Oh under 18.

Okay.

I thought it was under 16.

Well in New York, it's a I don't know.

I just yeah.

Yeah.

Okay.

You're my I believe you're my why do you have so much confusion on this point?

Don't worry about it.

I just had to make some coffee.

Caitlin.

It's so nice to meet you.

Thank you for coming on the show.

May I ask is there a reason you're on the show?

I yeah, I got an email from your producer, right?

Well for those of you who have not heard this show.

My name is Scott Akerman.

I'm the host and I bring guests on and we talk.

We do this like an hour into the show.

We do sort of a roundtable where we talk to guests and sometimes we don't know the guests and we don't know why they've come on the show.

So probably because of my YouTube channel.

Oh, wow.

Oh, you have a YouTube channel.

This is one of those things that maybe Scott as like older out of touch people.

We don't know about like you're including yourself.

Yeah, we don't know about the cool YouTube.

Maybe Caitlin is on YouTube stars.

Maybe Caitlin is actually very famous when you hear the name Caitlin.

We just don't know exactly sometimes I'll drive here in Los Angeles.

YouTube has a number of billboards in town where they're promoting their biggest YouTube stars and like I will never know who those people are.

Yeah, whenever they're featured on the and that's your solemn vow.

They would not just him like they were they are so big.

They warrant a billboard.

That's just their face and I've never heard.

I would love to see a billboard of just your face really and just like Jason.

Oh my God, just like not any specific.

I got Ally in stars born.

Yeah.

Well, there's one of me now and it's just as Caitlin.

Wow, really?

Where is this?

It's on Sunset Avenue.

Yeah, Sunset Avenue.

That's a different because I know something over.

Oh, yeah.

I'm sorry.

I'm not even like from here.

We're from I'm from Dayton, Ohio.

Oh, wow.

Wow that how so do you live here now or are you visiting?

Yeah, I'm like visiting cuz I could probably all end up moving here cuz like that's where I'll probably end up needing to be a lot of young people on YouTube and so far.

You don't even know what miners are start with them.

I know a lot of young people is your pocket.

No, I know they have like a theme to their podcast.

What is your podcast about your YouTube channel rather?

Are you doing makeup tutorials or you do unboxing videos very reductive makeup tutorial, but it is like it is like there is like makeup to show it is oh, he gets it right, but there's like also other stuff like I you know, I like will teach you like with some cute outfits to do or like how specifically to shave your head if you wanted to shave your head and remove all your hair and make sure it doesn't grow back.

Have you ever shaved wait a second if you want to shave your head and you don't want it to grow back how to do it.

That's one of your two tutorials.

Yeah, and it's like it's actually not that hard.

You just have to know how to do it.

Right.

What do you do exactly?

I don't know.

I don't want to give away any of the stuff you give away on your channel.

I want people to go to your channel and see how do you support people have seen this one?

Yeah, this is like actually kind of how I this one is the one like that really got me famous.

Really got it.

They launched you.

How do you scorch the earth up there on top of the head?

It's funny.

You should say scorch like you first room scorch you first remove the hair by conventional means like Clippers and then you have to shave it typical hair removing.

Yeah and procedure.

Yes, and then I have a hydrochloric acid in which I sort of apply to how do you get that's like gotta be hard for a 17 year old to get I personally got mine from my science teacher because he told me he had some oh, okay.

He told what how did that conversation?

Well, it was actually really funny.

He said Caitlin, can I see you after class?

So they said okay and then when the class ended I went up to say and he said he was like whispered to me said, hey, did you know she could like acid I was like, no, I don't why did he have to whisper were there other people around and why is he telling you does he oh wait had any of you left? Maybe no, he had you put out a call for hydrochloric acid or anything.

I mean, I'm on the honor roll.

So maybe that was why you are it sounds a little bit like he was kind of bragging.

Yeah.

I mean he wanted he kind of like wanted me to know I don't know. He want you to know.

Yeah, this hydrochloric acid.

Did he have just burning a hole through his pocket literally do you make any suggestions about what he wanted to do with it or and he wasn't speaking euphemistically.

I don't thinking of actual I'd like okay.

What's this guy mean?

He's like your mind immediately went to well, I just he must be making it doesn't typically happen that people offered if you know if they if I want to see their hydrochloric acid and but I he'd asked me if I want to see it.

So I say yes, and then he took me to his car and open up the trunk and there was like a car.

Yeah, there's not good six like six gallons of it.

I think gallon.

Yeah.

Yeah, he had some other chemicals and stuff in there and the trunk of his car.

Yeah, and like in the backseat like his whole car was like packed. It was crazy.

Wow.

This is in Ohio.

Yeah, and he had like gunpowder and like, oh my gosh.

I've nitrous nitrous.

So he is a lot of just like I did you whip it.

I guess I mean, it's you got to be able to use it for other things like what was he doing?

No, I didn't have any balloons, but he did have one balloon with he had first off you didn't think he had any balloons.

Well, and now you're remembering he had one you need is really one balloon.

Yeah, like I mean, it's like I'm like, oh cool.

I didn't like register.

Oh, there's a bag of empty balloons, but I did see there was one there was one balloon.

Okay.

Anyway, he said it or no that was deflated was like it was lying next to the night just tamed though, but and then he said, do you want any of this?

What was he talking about specifically anything anything and I was like, you know what?

I have been looking for a way to shave heads and like make sure that their hair doesn't grow back and he said you were interested in doing that on your own head.

Yeah, because no not no definitely not my own head because I noticed your hair is I don't know whether it's a wig or you it's fully natural.

It's natural.

Okay.

So you you were looking to do this on other people's heads just like just in case anyone wanted to do it.

Okay, and so then I asked my my friend.

Why do you say like that?

Well, are you not no longer?

No, no, I mean like we're kind of close but like she's kind of like my friend that I like ask to you know, do things make up and stuff.

This is the friend that you like torture.

I don't torture names Trish and she's like she's so sweet.

Let me ask you a question.

Yes, when you are let's say and I don't know maybe when I was a kid we would go to the mall or to the movies like when you go out with your friends right now.

Yeah, just Trish come along.

No, no.

Well, would you invite Trish out with your friends?

You gotta understand like she likes to be indoors mainly like she likes to be inside.

Plenty of places you might go socially.

All of the movies are indoors.

Computers and like books.

Sure.

So but like if you were to be like, oh, let's go on a girl's ski trip.

It would be who?

Well, she probably wouldn't well be like Martine and like Alyssa.

Martine and Alyssa.

Okay, and Janae.

Janae.

And probably Trish like probably wouldn't come only because like I honestly I bet if we asked her she'd be like no I can't and like would you she maybe she would appreciate being asked which do you feel like fitting into like equipment?

Do you think that she would not go because she has to spend so much time applying salve to her wounds?

Well now after the tutorial, but she likes her look she likes it.

She's told me she's like, oh, yeah.

Thank you so much.

Like now I can wear different types of hairstyles because I like prefer wigs now.

Did you do this with her permission?

Of course, of course.

I didn't like hold her down and like you put peanut butter on her head.

Oh boy.

No, but I know what you do that.

I know you use peanut butter for what is that?

You get dogs to lick your penis.

Get him lick the penis right off of you if you could.

That's all guys want is it?

That's that's that's that's the Scott Ockerman story right there.

Anyway, yeah, you shave it and then you put acid on it and then it like, you know, burn it seals the pores.

It just kind of burns.

I mean, does it look like your hair is up there or your hair still grows?

There's just no escape for the hair to grow out.

So it grows into your hair grows into that.

Yeah, then you sort of have like you're wearing a bald cap.

You sort of have like a hair like a head of ingrown hair.

So is like her brain wrapped in hair.

Yes, but it's under the skin.

Yeah, isn't that?

Well the brain normally is that's really cool.

Yeah, so it's a it's a science experiment on a number of different levels.

Yeah.

Yeah and my and like I guess like my second biggest video on my channel was when I found the portal.

The Porto's did you say you found a Porto's Porto Portugal Port you found a Porto's in your home your hometown?

No, no, like the portal the play.

He has the game portal.

I don't know what that is.

What do you mean?

Yeah, I guess we're hearing you correctly portal.

Is that what you said?

Yeah, like the I was outside video on YouTube of you finding a pool.

Yeah, you go to Caitlin you go to like it's called kids.

This like when you look at Logan, what's his name found the suicide forest.

I guess kind of except I didn't make fun of it.

Okay, good.

So you go to Caitlin so fresh Caitlin so fresh and and you there's a video of you finding a portal.

What's it a portal like a do you mean like a tunnel?

I was initially like reviewing skies because like sometimes I go out there and say oh, they so blue 6 out of 10, you know, like that's very interesting because I oftentimes think to myself when I'm looking at the weather in the morning the weather app, you know, I wish it would I wish would give me a sky review because I want to know what I'm looking at today. Yeah, so 10 you want to know like I'm like a metric in which you can judge the eyes by yeah.

Yeah, so Caitlin so fresh guys whole sub channel of every single day you do this.

I try to what are the what are the components of the sky that you're looking at when you are a review is it color is it?

Yeah, I'm looking at color.

I'm looking at you cloud coverage.

Okay, I'm looking at like position of the Sun.

Yeah, exactly.

Like I was gonna say today's like what's today out today?

Here.

Well, you have like a nice you know, kind of a light blue sky is like not that bold.

So you like bold colors in your skies.

Well, here's what also takes it down and not just like LA.

There's like a lot of looks like a brown.

There's a brown little smog.

Yeah, so you don't like brown things.

Oh boy.

I guess I came out a different way that I wanted it to I mean, hey buddy.

What are you doing?

You have to give me a list of brown things and I can tell you which ones I do like and which ones I don't you want a list of brown things.

I'll try to compile this or list of brown things.

I'm like probably not that brownish.

It is number one with a bullet.

I don't like that.

Although shit was pretty good to like cover Trisha's head initially after the hydrochloric.

Wait you what do you mean her hair her head and shit?

Yeah after the treatment, you know, it's I'm gonna be honest.

It sounds like you are bullying Trisha.

Trisha is like one of my dear dear friends.

So I like you is like integral to the channel.

Okay, and do what she involved in the portal.

You know what?

Let's talk about the portal, but I want to talk to you don't want to talk about sky reviews.

You want to talk about reviews, but I don't want to get away from the yes when we need to take a break before we get to that so you know, pizza pants.

Yes, so bovine.

Those pizza pants is one of our new sponsor bang bang brought to you by bovine those pizza pants and sweet sweet sweater meat. What about like bovine is pizza pants bovine is pizza pants eat eat where you sit.

Yeah, okay or sit where you eat.

Oh, yeah, you can't sit where you eat.

You can't sit now.

You can sit where you eat.

Yeah.

Yeah, you can shit where you eat literally instead of shitting where you eat try sitting where you eat.

That's better.

Yeah, I have a new partner on this great.

Great work running this straight into the ground.

Oh damn.

All right, we're going to come back and hear about this portal which I guess has something to do with the sky reviews and maybe Trisha is involved in this.

We'll be right back with more Jason Manzukas and more Caitlin right after this.

Comedy bang bang.

We're back here with Jason Manzukas of the long dumb Road out for rental and for buying purposes.

It's about 90 minutes.

Yep.

It's about 90 minutes clocks in at about 90 minutes sweet brisk.

It's funny.

It's delightful.

We also have Caitlin here whom if you are under 20, you probably have heard of.

Maybe maybe a big billboard out there on Sunset Avenue from what I understand and right there in Sunset Avenue Caitlin so fresh on YouTube and so fresh look it up.

Hopefully during the break you listen to our ads, but while you were listening to them, maybe you looked up Caitlin so fresh on YouTube and watch the video.

We're about to talk about but we were before the break you were describing how you found what you described as a portal on one of your videos.

Well, I know it's a portal.

It's been confirmed.

Guinness Book of World Records scientists know the Elon Musk what if you were out there just confirming things by the way, I would believe it.

I'm Elon Musk and I confirm that it's like verified on social media.

It's just got like a musk check that gets a 9.2 on the musk mometer.

Yeah.

No, it was by the mole man.

Oh, what's that?

No, this is interesting.

It's like a mole man.

It's all in the video.

I mean if you want to be like YouTube search, you know, like I found a portal.

You should describe that for us.

Just for those people because there might be people who don't who don't tune in.

Don't have access to a computer.

Maybe they have dial-up.

Okay.

Well, like sometimes like I will walk in the in like this like path that's kind of near my house, you know, when I'm doing my sky reviews.

Yeah, I'm doing my sky reviews and just to get away from like my parents or whatever and just like talk to the camera.

So you're talking about sometimes you leave the house and you walk down a path.

I walked down.

Just like is it a is it a kind of a rural area that yeah, it's like between some farm and the reason you do this is sometimes you want to get away from your parents.

Yeah, and I want to record on my little on my videos.

So you described leaving the house and walking down a path and the reasons why you do it great now continue.

Yeah, the only outstanding elements are mole man and port it.

Yep.

I've look I'm on board now your motivation rings true to me.

Yeah, you want to get away from your parents.

You've made the individual Universal because we all understand that in all that feeling of wanting to get away from our parents and walking down a path and feeling like looking at the sky gives you a little bit of scope and perspective on the life that you're living and now mole man.

Well and portal.

I saw this rock this big rock and I thought I might get on top of right to get like a better clear view of the sky because this is wrong new to you or where I had seen it a lot.

Like I think seen it a lot never thought much of it.

Yeah, and I said one day inspiration struck and you said let me climb that rock because there's some trees like blocking the view of the sky like in the like it would you I just wanted to get a little bit more elevation I guess and then as soon as I stepped on the rock I slipped and then went on the other side of the rock and fell down a large hole and I slipped and slide slipped and slid and it was like this whole tunnel system and it was water.

It's all in the video.

Wait, was it like a was it almost like a water slide but to choose your own adventure water slide where like you instead of going down.

Have you seen the video?

No, I haven't seen the video but you know in a normal water slide the lifeguard pushes you down and you only go down one slide.

Yeah, you could go down you sort of choose like multiple avenues to go down.

Was it like in Goonies?

Yeah, except as Scott was saying like little choices.

Yeah.

It is how many how are the choices present?

It was like a there was a and they're all called they're all called little choices.

There was a little apostrophe.

Yeah, there's like these little like they were labeled.

Yeah, these are like little choices.

And so if we watch the video which obviously almost everybody listening has I hope we will pause like already like 400 million.

We will see.

Yeah, little words pop up little choices.

Yeah on these little they have these like little signs.

Sounds like a video game.

Well, they're these little signs and it's kind of like Splash Mountain, you know, or short sure.

It's like a little wacky like it was it was wacky down there Splash Mountain though as far as I know.

They only have one.

Yeah precipice like this was Goonies meet Splash Mountain with little choices, but where do you understand but where do you end up is my question because what it sounds like to me no offense.

Yeah, it sounds to me like you fell down a well, no, it was like a little bit like you fell down a deep hole.

You described it as you tried to step on the rock.

You went through the rock to the other side of the rock and fell down down a hole down the other side.

Yeah, I fell down the other side of the rock was the rock a hologram.

No, I stepped on the rock and I slept.

Oh you slipped on top of the rock and then I traveled down the it was blocking this hole that was on the ground.

So where does the portal get like when I think of a portal I think of a portal to another dimension.

Well, I haven't even gotten to the portal.

Oh, and you haven't gotten to the port.

This is just a hole in the ground is a hole in the ground with with with choices.

I'm telling you so wait.

I thought this was the portal.

No, so someone in our dimension labeled these little choices.

I don't know there was you we don't have any other choices and I don't know what one of the other choices led to other choices like there could be more than eight little choices.

I just experienced eight little choices and you made your choice.

How did you make your choice?

Yeah.

Did you try and be morally?

Upstanding or did you make choices based on where they were based on morals or their one?

Okay, I'll give you an example.

Choose your own adventure.

You can choose your bad thing or that I don't know how you choose which port or which I'll give you an example like at one point and again, this is all in the video like at one point the the like what am I trying to say like the tunnel the shoot like leveled out and so you sort of came to a stop and it's like wet, you know, it's like it is wet.

Yeah, there's like water everywhere wet tunnel that you're shooting through.

Yeah.

Yeah, so the water is helping you propel your journey.

So yeah, it sounds a lot like a water slide and then you sort of you sort of slide out you stop stop.

There's two then there's two little tunnels that branch off and this is a little choice and then there's a little choice a little no, it just says little choice and then there's like like a TV and it played the last scene of what's that Elijah would the good son.

Okay, and when she's on the cliff and she's got the two boys like holding the boys before they fall it played the last scene of the good son.

Yeah, and it cut before she made the choice.

Oh, and you're just supposed to say Culkin or would okay.

Hulk in her if you and you say one of them.

Yeah, you say it out loud.

Yeah, you knew that instinctually.

I just I said would because I like his eyes are so big so you shouted out would because on the screen it said it showed you this and then it got it because I'm like recording the whole time, right?

So it cuts and then on the screen just watch the video.

I went I'm far more interested in actually hearing about it.

So there goes talking to would and I just like I didn't really know what to do.

I said would you just shouted it out?

Yeah.

No, I was like would like that.

I was a little scared because it's like not every day that you go down a crazy tunnel with little choices and video screens but so in decades old movies.

Yeah, and so then like one of the tunnels kind of illuminated like there's illuminated lights and I was like, okay, I guess that one so you were supposed to propel your own self and then I scoot through that.

So how long did this is a flat space at this point?

Yeah, kind of like levels out and again just to be clear.

We have not yet gotten to the portal.

Got it.

Okay.

But we're still in the midst of we're still real choices, but many water slide.

So yeah, there are eight little choice little choices total and this isn't this.

Yeah.

What I at least that I experience one.

Yeah, I'm not gonna give you all eight.

No, no, no, we are going through all eight little choices.

It's on the video, but I just want you to know though that this isn't even my most popular video.

My most popular video is the hydrochloric acid burn.

Okay, Trisha's head.

Okay, great.

I'm not I'm less interested in that than in the strange man-made or human-made little choices.

Yeah, they are slide.

It doesn't tell you a portal.

It doesn't tell you in the end.

Well, maybe there are some sort of visual clues that we can look at.

But anyway, so you scooted yourself to the tunnel that illuminated Elijah would for Elijah would yeah was Elijah would inside that tunnel or I've never met him if I would love to anything.

So then do you start descending again?

Yeah, and then there was like a whole another, you know, little choice.

Are there twists and turns or I mean, it's like really wild any 360 loops or I know 360 loops, but at one point at one point it sort of stopped and then there was like a and like an inner tube and I had to get on that and then there was like a bit of a wider point you slow to a stop.

Yeah, and then an inner tube is just laying there or it's like tied up.

It's tied up.

It's tied up and and it there's like a sign that says use me use me.

Oh, it's like Alice in Wonderland.

Yeah, I was gonna say this is very Lewis Carroll.

Yeah.

Anyway, I got on that and then there was like a whole nother section one time raft.

Yeah, it was on the little inner tube, right?

It was wider is a wider time.

So you needed but it was just wider right you need an inner tube in order to traverse that safely.

Yeah.

Okay.

So then what happens then seven other little choices seven other little choices and then I'm sort of illuminating.

It was always a binary choice.

Who was this or that?

Yeah, and they were all like movies.

They're all movies.

Oh interesting.

Were any of them like it was all if I might ask were any of them based on Sophie's Choice?

Yeah, was there a Sophie's Choice one?

I don't know.

I mean, I definitely remember like there was a Pirates of the Caribbean one where there was just Orlando Bloom and then Johnny Depp and then you'd have to say Depper Bloom Depper Bloom.

Okay, and you remember what you chose?

I chose Bloom.

Okay, you chose Bloom and do you remember what scene that was? I don't I mean, I think was at the beginning of the first one.

The very beginning when they were still at odds with each other.

Yes.

It was on the deck on that little dock and they're like, oh my God you you and each time this seemed to be voice activated.

I guess I guess well, actually I later found out.

Oh, you later found out.

Yeah, because after all the little choices, I like I came to the bottom and it was like sort of like this dirt patch that I was just our spat on and it's not because like I'm all wet and like and dried.

Yeah, that's dirt.

Now.

It's all muddy.

Yeah, and then there was like this.

I mean, I call it a portal.

It was like this opening and like space-time where it was like swirling light.

I guess so it looked it was almost as if like a shimmering hole in the in the air like a little like a little hole like a little hole or a little hole like how big is the well, I know it was little hole because there was a sign called little hole.

Little hole did say that little hole.

That was the only choice.

The only choice was the little hole.

Yeah, well, I guess you could go backward.

Who was going backwards?

I mean, you can't go backwards.

It was gonna be pretty hard.

That was right.

You really tough.

So I figured I might as well go on this little hole.

I mean, I'm gonna see you went through the portal.

I'm gonna meet little yeah, cuz it was like, I don't know like the size of like an extra extra large pizza.

So like I get extra extra large.

Yeah, so I could like go through it.

Sure.

Okay, like if it was just an extra large piece turn into a pair of pants if you tailored it correctly.

Let's hope so.

Are you tired of shitting in your pants?

Try eating them just sitting in your pants.

Oh, right, but you could eat them too, right?

Isn't that like the whole fun?

That's yeah.

Oh, I think so.

Are you tired of eating shit?

What about eating sit?

Yes.

Yeah, that's not good guys.

I'm gonna be honest.

All right, both.

I don't think you should be bringing up shit in an edible item.

So you you dived through the way.

Did you have to jump up?

Yeah, it was a little bit up through the ground, but I just sometimes like you got to make a choice.

You don't just shoot straight into the portal, right?

I kind of get you crawl.

Yeah.

Well, what if how high was it off the ground?

Because I'm imagining if it were even like three feet off the ground you kind of have to jump into it and do a somersault out of it.

It was it was around three feet, but I did not have to jump.

I sort of just like climb through I know where what did you hold on to where did the edges of the portal?

So the edges of the portal were tactile you could hold on to those.

I hoist yourself.

Very yeah, I sort of hoist myself but all the whole time.

I was like trying to do it like selfie style because I wanted to make sure sure.

Yeah, you're holding the whole set.

You're holding a phone this entire time.

I'm just trying to figure out and there weren't any sort of like handrails for you.

No.

No, so I was trying to like capture because you want like it's important to capture you as well in the frame sure to prove that it's yeah.

So I'm like, okay, I think I send them in the video.

Like okay.

I'm going through this little hole.

Hey guys.

I was like, hey guys, I'm going through this little hole now.

I guess I'm somewhere underneath the earth.

How far down do you think that you would this is a little choices.

We had seen like stalactites or stalagmites or like molten lava hotter magma.

I had to like pop my ears multiple multiple times.

Yeah.

Okay.

Wow.

So that's like quite deep into your hundred feet down.

I mean, I guess it's I mean, I don't know if you've ever been through like a subterranean web of tunnels with little children eight little choices.

It's hard to tell where you want to be confronted with a little hole.

Yeah at that point.

I was pretty confused.

Okay, so you're like, hey guys, I'm going into this.

Yeah, it's important to be positive.

Can I ask before we talk about what you saw once you went through the portal?

Yeah, do you think that you made eight correct choices?

Yeah, or do you think that you made an incorrect choice and that's why you were presented with the hole?

I don't know what I've actually like it's so funny.

Like I've been seeing a therapist over this whole thing because I was actually really traumatic.

Yeah, I would imagine I mean it I would think the first time I plunged down into the hole my brain goes to oh, I'm dead.

Yeah.

No, I was like initially scared.

But again, I was still like filming.

So I just yeah, I just wanted to make it fun.

I mean the first time I see Wood or Culkin, I'm probably thinking oh instead of saying what my choice is.

Maybe I should try to climb back up through this.

I gotta get out of here.

This is dangerous.

No, I mean, those are all thoughts that you can like obviously somebody set this all up and that's chilling.

This seems to be some sort of trap for miners.

Yeah under 18.

Yeah, those are I mean, those are all like thoughts that it's in some states.

It's pretty fun to like think about that like in hindsight it just in the moment, you know, you like want to go with the flow kind of thing.

Now this is the story and I and I have thought oh my God, what about all those other eight little choices and do they have other choices there?

Or do they like Culkin and all the other choices?

Culkin, Depp.

Yeah, where would you have landed up?

Yeah, would I get still get to the portal but under just different circumstances and you sell more else or something?

Yeah, or are there other little things at the end of them?

Can I ask before we get to the portal to this town?

Where are you from?

Uh, you know, hi.

Oh, right brothers.

Has there been a recent rash of disappearances?

Um, no more no more than usual like just the average.

So what is the usual to date?

No, hi.

Oh, I think suffers from like six to seven hundred children missing a year.

I think it's considered normal.

Yeah, it's you a day.

That's quite a lot.

It's like something.

Yeah, how many what's the population?

Um, I think we're at we're at a solid six hundred thousand.

I think that's low for day, but you know, but I mean for 600 a year six six to be four to six hundred children missing a year is so many.

Yeah, that's a lot.

That's quite a lot.

Yeah, that's a lot.

So I mean that just the fact that and this may be a scary I didn't really know that was a lot.

This may be a scary story for children if they're listening to it, but you're maybe I would say you made the correct issue a warning children.

If you are listening to this episode of comedy bang bang, you've been warned.

Yeah, this we will talk about missing children.

If you could remember the and sweet sweet sweater me if you can remember the eight choices that you made this may be like a cheat code for other children who are going through this.

You can clearly got out safe.

I can definitely yeah, I mean other than the emotional trauma. So we'll live with bloom. Yeah, what are the six other choices all based on movies?

Yeah, it's would bloom.

Oh is one of them the the pretty in pink choice.

Oh, yeah, Dougie or or Blaine.

Yeah.

Yes, Andrew McCarthy or Andrew Cryer or McCarthy.

I remember I chose Costner for when it was Kevin Costner versus Dennis Quaid and his Quaid.

Yeah.

Okay, and then and then I chose Reeves when it was Keanu Reeves versus Patrick Stewart.

Great.

Okay, and then can I ask you a question?

Yeah, you chose Keanu Reeves.

Yeah, because you what you hate Patrick Stewart.

No, I like him.

Oh, but you just like Keanu Reeves more.

Yeah, but you have to understand you have to understand this was like they showed it wasn't even from the same movie.

Like they just showed a clip of Patrick Stewart on like a blooper of next generation.

Which is like endearing.

A blooper?

Yeah.

What did he mess up?

And you knew it was Star Trek Next Generation.

Yeah, like I love TV and I love movies.

Really?

Okay.

So you don't seem like the kind of 17 year old that's just watching Star Trek Next Generation.

Never mind the bloopers up there.

Yeah.

No, I I love the bloop.

Okay.

What was the blooper?

Do you remember what it was?

Oh, he was trying to say, um, engage and he said like, any mumbled and everyone loved it.

Okay.

And everyone laughs.

Not you.

You were like, fuck you.

Patrick Stewart.

You, yourself, said.

What did they show as far as Keanu Reeves?

That was a good showing.

They showed him first.

I was like, okay, I'm on board.

Solid.

And then they just then they showed Keanu Reeves, young Keanu Reeves in like 1991.

Okay, like my own private Idaho era.

Yeah.

And he's like, he's like got all these puppies and he's shirtless and cuddling with his foot.

This is the other thing.

All these puppies are like footage.

It's not from a movie.

This is just sort of Illuminati stealing footage shirtless playing with puppies and all the puppies are like kissing him like licking him and stuff and he's got this footage and they're like rolling around and it was so who is going to pick Stewart in this situation.

I don't know.

It depends.

I mean, yeah, we're doing a bloop versus Keanu cover.

All I can tell you like that was like near the end of it and by the end it was like, okay, these are getting here to it.

Even I was like, oh boy, this is weird now.

Okay, but again, I was trying to stay positive in the video because like you got to keep it positive.

You got to keep it positive.

Okay.

So is that like something that you believe in like Kip keep it positive.

Yeah, at least when you're on YouTube and like when you're offline, that's when the you let the trauma that's when the darkness and there was just like, you know, like there's just like a fair amount of stuff in the portal that I like was a little uncomfortable.

Well, let's get to the portal because we don't know where this is a portal to we don't know where you ended up how you got back.

We don't know how the mole man is involved in all this.

We never even brought him up verifies that it's a portal verifying the portal.

Have you seen the movie?

Meanwhile, meanwhile, your biggest video is the hair the hair the hair burning video that we're not even talking about some sort of Trisha some sort of Illuminati group has been taking secret videos of celebrities and using them to lure children down into the depths of the earth and yet your most popular video is you incinerating your friend's head. I don't know if only children have gone down these tubes. Well, you say six to seven hundred children disappear.

I don't know if they're connected how many adults we're we're like connecting some pretty loose threads here.

Sky sure.

Do you think there was anything specific about the hole that that made you a child more susceptible to falling into it? No, it was just like behind a big old rock and I'm not a lot of adults maybe climbing on rocks these days, I guess but I guess there was like well, there was like a little pink ribbon that led from the hole past the rock to the path and it did the bit I've come to think of it like that pink ribbon did go along the path back to like the backside of my house.

And when I opened up my door for the first time that day was it about wait was that it was a little sign that follow me. It's so this was this was a path with a pink ribbon that said follow me to your house. I want to know there's a little note that said follow me and then there was a ribbon.

Oh, you've been targeted.

Okay.

I don't first I was doing a sky review sky.

Okay.

I was just doing a sky review.

Okay, so we've gotten to the point a lot of questions could be answered by just us watching the video, right?

I don't know.

I find this fast.

I don't think we could ask as many questions.

We're probably okay.

So we've gotten to the point where you somehow using the edges of the portal which seemed to be acting as tactile guardrails for you.

You're able to like hoisted myself hoist yourself up into this portal.

What was that movie with like Scarlett Johansson and it's like she's like a killer Lucy under the skin under the skin.

Have you seen that in that scene in the movie?

There's like it's like a black void.

Sure.

I haven't seen a good describe it.

There's like well, it's like all she would those titties out.

I oh boy.

What's wrong with you?

What I'm just saying it's wrong with you, you know, just like I can say sweet sweet sweater me, but you can't say did she whip those grapes of wrath bro literature.

I I you know, like I guess it's more about it's more about the black void than the titties.

Okay.

When did the black void come about?

I haven't seen this film.

She wears a beautiful movie actually.

Yeah, she she she I don't know how much to reveal spoilers, I guess for why is the void to come around?

That's all we need.

She places people into a void that is like almost like black liquid almost like a black void, but there is some kind of like liquidy mirror viscosity to it where people then a more whole stuck in it, you know people are stuck in it alive and she kind of feeds off of them.

Yeah.

Okay.

Yeah.

So it was why do you bring this up?

Because that's kind of what I came into like the portal you went through the portal into like a void.

Yeah into a into a liquid.

Yeah, were you able to breathe just looked a lot like the under the skin scene and just based on like there was so much movie stuff and like Hollywood references and the eight little choices.

I honestly I think it was like a set a movie fan.

Yeah, whoever this is a movie fan and I know he is because that's when the mole man appeared.

So the mole man was in this void.

No, no, no.

The moment was through the port through the portal and he came up through the liquid and he was a little bit wet, but it's like it dried off really quick.

Oh interesting.

And you breathing this liquid.

Yeah, I was able to take oxygen from the liquid first like initially it was only knee-deep height, but I he later reveal to me that he can control the high and he like dip me in.

Oh, he's a deep to you in like a baptism.

No, he could like he would it's like I'm jumping through the conversation like this is like a two-hour long video by the way, but like I jump we're jumping too far ahead at this point.

Like if I want to get to the do one for the conversation.

He's like you don't believe I can I said no I don't it was like I was screaming at the point and he's and then he sort of like just like whooshed me through the liquid and then brought me back out.

It was like an example of his ever-growing power.

Oh, oh, so the mole man is powerful.

That's what at least he wanted to convey to me.

Yes.

Anyway, so he's like this like pink fleshy little man with like wearing clothes or where no, he's not but but he he's kind of like a beast as well.

Like he's kind of like part mole.

Does he have hair at little scruffy little bits behind his ears and his chinny chin.

What about his genitals?

Are they covered in hair or there?

Yeah, like sort of like a lipstick situation or there's no there's no he had here.

He had enough hair.

It's a 17 year old.

This is a naked mole man approaching a 17 year old girl.

I want to know what exactly how he presents himself.

He had enough hair that you couldn't see his genitals like the hair was longer than the genitals.

I got okay.

Well, he did an unfortunate situation for him.

Yes, but you know, we've all been there.

Yeah, I have yeah.

Well sure.

So he approaches where the hair just fully engulfs and eclipses your genitals, right?

Right is what we're talking about.

Yes.

Yes, and he approached he approaches and he's and he was like, hi, how are you my dear welcome my lair.

I'm sorry.

I didn't know your name.

So this is his place.

Yeah.

Did you leave the ribbon?

Um, I only realized the ribbon just now.

Okay, you guys look like, oh, okay.

Well, we're trying to bring we're much like investigators where we're trying to bring out some some interesting details.

That's why we're asking questions.

Right?

Did he know your name?

Did you say hello, my dear or did he say hello Caitlin my dear? No, he didn't know my name.

I had to introduce myself.

You did.

Yeah.

How did you introduce yourself?

He said I'm I'm the mole man.

I'm sorry.

I said I am Caitlin.

So he just introduced himself a little weird as the mole man.

Yeah.

He didn't have a specific name.

He doesn't have a name.

No, I mean, he said, I'm the mole man.

He didn't call me the mole man.

But my name is Mark.

He said, hello.

I'm the mole man.

Oh, I'm the mole man.

Yeah.

Did it give you a sense of where you were?

You said his lair, but I mean like where in space and time is it?

Well that I he yeah, he did he kind of went on this.

It's like a bit of a rant like honestly it kind of gets that's like where a lot of people kind of switch to a different video.

It's like that's a little where you can see a comment that pops up saying.

Oh my God.

Will this guy ever shut up?

Yeah, like guy.

Oh the mole man.

Yeah.

It's like you should you could have cut 10 minutes out of the mole man.

Yeah, right, but it's it's I mean, I applaud you for leaving all of it in because that's like yeah, that's the record.

Well, we want a document of this unedited document.

I just sort of figure like there's probably not too many videos where like people go through portals and like see the ball, man.

I've never seen a single one.

I mean you may be the only one who's made the eight correct choices to get to the moment.

Did he mention anything about that of like, oh my God, no one has been in here for thousands of years or he'd actually didn't even know anything about the little choices.

He's not connected.

He's a little that's why I was kind of like that's why I was kind of like maybe it doesn't really have anything to do with the ribbon because I think the portal just like it like goes to a whole other thing.

Wow.

So everything up till then has been some sort of man-made entrapment scheme.

It's hard to tell do you think there's like maybe somebody who built the tunnels and the little choices in order to appease the mole man's desire to be fed could be on the other side of the portal know about the ribbon didn't know about the little choices, but he was happy to see you.

Yeah, he's called you my dear.

Yes, but then he was like, are you okay?

Do you need anything and then what could he have offered you to be mentioned that did he have drinks or a chair?

No, I think what do you think he was trying to get that point?

I was like, I just want to go I'm like, I'm ready to go home.

Like what is first?

I was like, what is this?

He's like we're in another dimension.

We're in the nether and the nether is what I call there.

Yeah, so this is like the upside down in a way.

Yeah, I guess yeah, I don't know if you've seen strangers.

Yeah.

No, I've seen I've seen like a lot of stuff.

You're only a 17 year old girl.

How do you have so much time to watch and I love watching culture.

I love watching it develop.

All right.

Okay, exciting.

So this is the nether.

Yeah.

So he introduced himself as another dimension called the nether.

Yeah, and and then and then he's like I'm super powerful like I control these lands and he was the mastermind in the the ruler of the yeah, and then I was like, did you have any like what was all those little choices about like what's the tunnel saying?

He's like, what are you talking about?

What little choices?

He's either lying to the dark about it or he has no idea what these are and then he was like, oh, how did he know to come to where you were?

Did he like?

Oh, yeah, he did.

He's like this liquid is like a spider.

What for me?

I can feel when there's disturbances in it and all that stuff.

That's pretty cool.

Look, look, look, look before we get too far in the weeds in the nether.

Okay, we have to take a break again.

Yeah, but I really want to I mean, this is a fascinating.

I've never heard this is anything like pretty wild.

This is really exciting.

Actually, this is exciting.

You know, a lot of times got you say we on this show talk to interesting people and I'm into it does not.

Yeah, I have to live up to that promise a lot of uninteresting people.

But this is this is fascinating.

Yeah, it's like I this video did get a lot of views but like it's not as many as like Cardi B music video.

That's okay.

It seems to be like some of the mysteries of the universe are contained within this video.

And so that's why I'm glad you're here to get the word out about this.

Yeah.

Okay.

Well when we come back, we'll hear more about the mole man what his intentions are.

It seems like they spoke for several hours and we still have no idea how and he confirmed a portal we did get to that but we still have no idea how you're back here in this dimension and out of the nether will be right back with more comedy bang-bang with more Jason Manzookas and more Caitlin after this comedy bang-bang.

We're back here with Jason Manzookas and Caitlin who kind of still got to watch this video.

We were Scott.

That's kind of what I wanted to say.

Yeah, I will during this break.

Yeah, I watched the video.

I scrubbed through the video.

Yeah, it's too light to two out.

Yeah, it's a long long video.

You see what you tell me tell me what all those choices were.

Well, here's the thing.

Here's what's interesting about the video.

You've seen it.

So which were the eight little choices?

Well, here's how we explain the video and I think you'll see what the choices are.

I'm happy to explain all of that.

Yeah.

So in the video Caitlin is indeed doing a sky review.

She's walking along.

She sees the big rock.

She goes up on top of the rock and she appears to slip and fall right and then for like a little over an hour.

The the phone is still recording but it's just pointed at Caitlin who appears to be unconscious on the ground.

Oh, okay.

And then a homeless man.

Oh, okay, who is naked right?

Yeah, how long were the these pubes comes into frame?

He is his genitals are truly obscured completely and he wakes Caitlin up wait.

Caitlin has some blood on her head.

Okay, and they do proceed to then have a conversation.

That is similar to the conversation that Caitlin is telling us about now.

Okay, although she's talking about the little choice the little choices.

She's talking about this up and he is confused, right?

I think that a lot of this might have happened during a blackout.

Maybe you were concussed.

Okay, that's exactly what the mole man was talking about.

He said he said at the end when we were wrapping up after he like show me your wrapping.

How did you know you were wrapping up?

He had to show me like he said they call like the order of the marbles and he like showed me all these like little marbles and how they align and stuff.

Like I don't really get it was like he said it was quantum physics.

Oh, I see.

Is that something to do with how he controlled his realm?

Yeah.

And anyway, he like made a bunch of marbles alive and like and the and a line and like make pyramids and stuff.

Okay, but then he was like now before you go.

In order for this to seem plausible.

I'm going to have to make it seem like you dreamt it.

Oh, okay, right and then he said so this I can't like them did you by the way location of the tunnels and the portal these cannot be discovered by anyone in your room.

You said that you said that before I let you go.

Is it like a thing of like he's got other stuff to do or he's letting you go?

Well, like what are you his captive or is he like is he like okay?

Well, it's busy.

Look, I got other shit.

I got it before I let you go.

I don't know.

I mean, it's a fascinating conversation, but I have moleman business to attend to.

Thanks for stopping by.

Well, yeah, we have like we all have like stuff to do and you knew as like probably running out of memory on my phone.

Right.

Oh, okay.

And and I was like, I'd really like to go home now and he's like, okay, and he did like in order to go in order for the moleman to like bring you back to your own world.

He you kind of like like he he like sort of presents his like right breast and like, oh my God, this is now you're speaking my language.

Yeah, I know.

It's so weird.

Like when you were talking about that earlier and I was like, I'm supposed to stay quiet, but I want to say something.

Oh, wow.

So he whipped out.

Yeah, he didn't it wasn't it was it was it was it supple whip.

It was already exposed, but he kind of just like, you know, it was exposed.

Oh, right.

Yeah.

Oh, I see.

He's featuring it.

Yeah, he's angling it towards the light source.

Yeah.

Yeah, and you kind of like you like suck his milk out.

Oh, okay.

And the milk puts you to sleep.

And then you wake up and suddenly you're woken up and you wake up so much.

That's wrong here.

This is like if when you wake up were you sucking on the this homeless gentleman's no, no, no, no, no, no, no sweet milk coming out of that.

It's not that dark.

Okay.

Good.

I was gonna say this sounds a lot like a molestation narrative that has been turned into a fantasy story and this is she's not this is not the way we want to show it's all in the video.

Well, have you even seen the video because it sounds like Jason watched it?

No, no, no, no, no, no.

I don't want to watch it like I've seen PTSD.

Yeah, like I yeah exactly that's it.

Let me ask you this.

Have you tried to go back?

It seems as easy as going up on that rock and falling down that hole and making the exact same choices little choices.

Yeah.

Well, no, I haven't I haven't gone back.

I'm just like kind of nervous about it.

I mean the kids in Narnia, they got out there or walked around in the snow and and you know, that was enough for them.

So they went back through that wardrobe, but then they were like, oh, we got to get back in this thing, you know?

Yeah.

Well lately I have sort of been thinking about it because as I say like I'm losing a lot of sleep over the different choices really.

Yeah, you think that you should have made different choices.

Well, maybe either maybe I avoided you should have picked catastrophic fate or simply a different kind of crazy outcome.

Well, because look there there are it sounds like thousands of missing children over the years.

Yeah that have never returned.

Yeah, and they're missing you are not missing.

You're back.

You didn't see any children, right?

You didn't go any place where you saw the mole man didn't have any children wrapped up in this viscous fluid or like or working in some sort of mine, you know, like Raiders of the Lost Ark 2.

Well, maybe if I make a couple of different choices, I'll see like I don't know that you want to make these choices.

It sounds to me like you got out of there by the skin of your teeth, but you seem pretty concerned about the kids like don't you want to rescue them?

You think that you would be able to rescue them instead of falling prey to whatever is the thing tragedy just yeah, I think that because you have a high opinion of yourself is what I'm trying to say currently anything you currently are in a position where you may be the person who is closest to understanding where and what is happening to these you're the one who's gotten you.

I mean, you're you're like the John Glenn.

I mean you've come back now.

I don't want to like listen.

I don't know the whole story.

I don't know all the facts but maybe you can use Trisha as some sort of mole man.

Lure.

Yeah, Trish maybe could be the used as bait.

Maybe she can be your bait girl and like we just like I just like I don't know like you tell her choices that you made like a table around her you say maybe like pick pick Culkin from the jump.

Yeah, and see what happens tie rope around her.

Yeah, and I wrote to yourself so that you're following her but at a safe distance perhaps or like our like the cable can be like I don't like a winch and like when when you know, then I can like after a certain amount of time like pull her back up and see if see what she's holding on to we could also get Elon Musk submarine.

Yeah, you know the flamethrower, you know, speaking of Musk we could get him out here and just trying to like find all these missing children that are trapped in a cave.

I guess yeah, I don't know if you caught this part in the video you were scrubbing through scrub through I do sort of I do you know, like I remember everything and I remember that at the end waking up and there's like this homeless guy there.

At the end.

I don't know if it got it on tape because I again I haven't seen it.

You just uploaded it right away.

Like people have to see this but the but the homeless man he looked me dead in the eyes and he winks like this like okay, I don't know how to describe that for a listeners double blink and then you opened one eye.

Yeah, so it's a full full link into a wink into a single eye opening and then you made a noise like and then he said it's me.

Oh boy.

It's me.

And what did that mean?

Do you think that he meant the mole man or you don't know or the person who set up this entire adventure and then did you just follow the ribbon back to your house or you knew the way that carried me and then when my parents were like, what is this naked door?

They're like Caitlin.

Where have you been?

How long had you been gone?

This is an interesting question.

I don't know.

I mean it felt like it felt like forever but but long was it in real time.

I think it was like 20 25 minutes.

Oh, but here's the thing.

Here's what's weird.

The video is three hours long.

Okay.

Yeah, because the video is very long but it but it was really 25 minutes.

Yeah, but they were worried sick.

And they were so grateful for the man to bring your gone 25 minutes and they're worried sick.

Well Dayton, though sounds like you don't have a pretty intense child.

Yeah, plus it doesn't sound like you get out of your house too much.

You needed an excuse of why you're walking along this trail.

Yeah, and I remember this just as he was leaving like the homeless man, like he returned me to my parents.

Yeah, and they leave you on the doorstep and ring the bell.

No.

Yeah.

Well, no, he's naked.

He was holding.

Yeah, exactly.

And he was holding me in my in his arms and he knocked on the door and like the door open there my parents and like, oh my God, Caitlin, you're here.

Thank you.

Thank you, sir.

Thank you for returning her.

And and he was like, oh not a big deal.

Do you have any pants?

Yeah, and then he's like they were like Bobino's pizza pants.

He sounds like he's our target.

Way.

I mean like what a great idea to give pizza pants to the homeless.

He's like, hey, you know what?

Eat it.

Wear it.

Whatever you find appropriate in the moment.

Yeah, eat it.

Wear it.

Cheese it.

You would have got a bad on this.

Yes, we could use your YouTube fame.

Maybe I'm always looking for sponsors and they were like, what do we call you?

And they like, what's your what do we call you?

How strange that your parents would phrase it like that.

There we call first of all, they're there just from Denmark.

They're not phased about the nakedness.

They're from Denmark and originally which is why they're not phased by the nakedness.

Okay.

So what do we call you?

What do we call you?

And then he's he said just call me mm.

Mm.

So like Marshall Mathers, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, you think he's the mole man?

No, duh, but how does that make sense?

Because the mole man resides within another dimension.

Do you think he's our dimensions mole man?

My biggest my best guess.

Yeah.

Is that sucking the mole man's teeth and getting the milk?

Yeah.

Also brought me into my into my dimension, but also maybe was his point to be brought in our dimension as well.

Oh, man is like here.

Do you think you set him loose on our dimension?

I don't know.

I mean, I don't know what his like mission statement is.

Like what he wants to accomplish.

I mean, maybe he can traverse, you know, all of the using the portal or whatnot.

You think now that he's within our dimension, he's the one who set up this these little choices in order to head and heard of them.

Yeah, but I mean now but but does time work in the same way like he's now traveled to our dimension.

Maybe he's going backwards in time like every day spent on Earth.

I see he goes backwards and then he sets up this entire water slide little choices scenario.

Yeah, I mean maybe I mean like who's your producer that set this interview up mm.

Who's that?

Yeah, my producer mm.

I do someone new who works at the con.

I don't know.

I didn't get all I got was all I got was the same thing mm.

I assumed it was mm at earwolf dot biz.

Yeah, that's not the right email.

No, we were thinking about getting a dot biz account, but it was too expensive.

Yeah, so yeah, so that is curious the email the came up from mm at earwolf dot biz.

Yeah.

No, I don't know.

I've never met this person.

What if that's the moment to the moment to like the sequel to the moment?

Oh, I like the it's as well silly.

Maybe I don't know what what do you think the mole man's plan is to get you on this show?

Why would you want me on the show to like tell everybody about the rock and date currently watching the video of you burning Trisha's hair and it is very funny.

Good.

I got very it's got a lot of you.

That's a Caitlin so fresh Caitlin so fresh on YouTube.

Okay.

Yeah, I gotta check that was so fresh like how to how to how to get bald stay bald is one of mine and then and fresh is spelled ph reash.

Yeah that norm like the normal where it is like Caitlin so Caitlin's weird spelling and fresh is like, yeah, you didn't want to throw people off.

Yeah.

So what do you think the moment's plan?

I mean, this is such a bizarre story.

First of all, if the moment didn't set up these little choices.

I don't know who did man.

We're really getting to the meat tea.

Great.

It's got to be a separate.

So if the portal to the mole man world, yeah, work it out.

You got this.

You out of anyone.

We're just trying to start your memory.

There's got to be my the way I see it is there's got to be multiple destinations obviously because I only have multiple portals will it be multiple destinations including a final one.

Yes.

Yeah, and some of them.

I mean, obviously one has a portal to a mole man world and then maybe one of them isn't even a portal.

Maybe one's like, I don't know.

There's like a chocolate bar at the end of it or like a trap or something because I if oh, you don't think it's a series of portals and the choices you made deciding where they bring you.

That's literally why I want to go back down the tunnels.

You want that chocolate?

Have you just just not found it?

I'm just I'm nervous.

Like all right, like we'd love to go.

What if there are guys go we'd love to go with you.

I'd love to go with you.

I'd love to make some little choices.

I look big choices little choices, whatever all I'm down there big choice right now to attend this portal with you.

Yeah, make those little choices.

I love first of all, I'd love to go to what sounds like a really fun water slide.

Oh, yeah, and also I would I've never been to Dayton Ohio.

Yeah.

Oh, I would love to go I would love it.

If the two of us you and me Scott to men in their 40s.

Sure.

Just started hanging around with a 17 year old girl and because she has access to portals.

Trip across state lines walk into the woods with her sure and jump into a bottomless pit that leads to a portal but just keep in mind also it might be scary if you so if you took the exact same answers that I did and you got to the end with the portal right you would go through and I don't know if the mole man would be there because he may be back here to be here.

So and then how are you going to suck the tea ticket back?

Also, what is going on in that dimension without its very ruler? Yeah.

No, these are all questions.

It's not a lawless society like what's going on with all those kids like are all those kids are all those kids dead or all those kids like just you know, happy in a in some sort of like a prison or and who benefits there's the other thing who benefits follow the money who is benefiting from the is this like lost is this like purgatory?

I don't know.

How what do you think the chances are of like all those if if if all the kids that are missing in Dayton, Ohio, like went down the tunnel system, which is obviously separate from the portal system.

Sure.

Do you think that choices?

Yeah, I think the rock is its only origin point or are there several tunnel that I don't know right?

Do you think the Rock Dwayne Johnson is one of the is he at all part of the little choices section?

Oh, yeah.

Yeah.

What were there any of the little choices had to do with any of his films?

Yeah, none of the ones that I took.

Okay.

So it's like rock or paper.

I wonder if scissors boy.

I wonder if you chose Culkin if you would if the next one instead of what you got depth or bloom would be you know, rock or heart.

Yeah, I that's what I wonder if you choose Culkin of suddenly like something beheads you and that's and that's it.

Oh, so maybe there's like no other tunnels.

I just somehow chose the right chose right every time.

Maybe the time maybe those little choices tunnels were built just for you.

But if that's the case, like if all the little choices is it if there really is only eight and it doesn't branch off into like a catacomb like there may be thousands of little choices that people make underworld of choices, but that's the other thing is that life though just thousands of little choices.

Yeah, but usually there's food involved in between some of these choices for us.

Was there any food in the tunnels?

We because if there if there are thousands more tunnels, I would imagine you would get hungry at some point there when we don't know if you would like to sleep.

I don't know how many how much time does time matter?

It felt like hours.

It seemed it was hours for Caitlin, but it's only she's only gone 25 minutes.

If you're watching if you made eight little choices and you're watching two separate video clip.

That's that's a bit of time.

There's a video clip for each choice.

Yeah, that's six more clicks.

That's why I'm saying is if you suddenly on your very last one made a different little choice and then that led you to thousands of more little choices at some point you'd have to do you think do you think there's not a finite amount of little choices?

I don't know.

I'll cuz I mean, maybe you only get eight and it's just like where you go or it's always eight regardless.

So there are I don't know what the math on what you know, it's good on how many destinations there would be with eight binary choices.

It seems to me like they're being the thousands.

You know what?

I think if we put our heads together we can figure this out. We can really figure out the exact number of choices that could potentially be in the world of these tunnels.

Just the only thing is you don't know what happens to the other choice.

You don't know if it's a branching choice system or whether they intersect at some point again, like whether okay now I've picked up.

I'm back in the original choice.

Yes.

Yeah, I don't know.

Yeah.

I get look we got to figure this out though.

Oh, we have to right now.

Well, I mean, I gotta say I gotta say well here's the thing here's the thing.

I don't want to figure it out because like with our friend big dog, we thought we had so many more appearances to get to know him better and then he's just taken from us from our bosom.

So like I want to make sure we solve this just as a big dog.

He was a very entertaining dear friend of ours.

Yeah, dear friend gone too soon.

But I guess what I'm trying to say is I felt like the portal part of your story.

Yeah was a bit of a letdown because of how entertaining the little choices part of it was.

Oh, you didn't you didn't like mole man.

No, I'm just saying it seemed to be a setup to something.

Well, here's very entertaining and then the moment just went prattled on about quantum physics for an hour.

It's tough.

It's tough because you know what it occurs to me that that I think that we were enjoying the little choices more.

Well, it's like it got to the portal.

We got confused.

Well, it's like if you were watching or reading Alice in Wonderland or and it goes to eat me and drink me.

And and you're like, wow, this is a good book and then suddenly it deposits you in a lecture.

Yeah, you know, I mean, I don't know that was like the ending of that one movie The World's End or sure.

Yeah, that was like that movie.

It was like fun and then a lecture at the end, right?

Yeah, you really do like pop culture.

Yeah, you really do love knowing what's going on.

I just love it.

I love doing that and like burning my friends heads with the hydrochloric acid.

Well that you're I am like I am concerned.

Yeah for Trish's safety Trish is fine.

This is fine.

She's like I'm also honestly a little concerned with your relationship with your science teacher.

Maybe you should try to lure your science teacher into this.

Oh, now this is interesting.

He should make some little choices.

Yeah, he's made a bunch of bad.

Big choice.

What's it sounds like so crazy about having a like a relationship with Mr.

Manfield a relation.

What do you when you say relationship?

What do you mean?

Mr.

M. He's chill.

Wait, Mr.

M.

Yeah, Mr.

Manfield M and M.

Oh, Mr.

Manfield m man field.

You don't think that he's mad at another.

This is interesting.

I don't did this just got interesting did somehow.

His car full of chemicals and he's just a science teacher.

Okay.

He's just a science teacher that if you do get in class, he gives you a little like but ribbon a little bone do get in class.

He gives you like a little pink ribbon.

Yeah, like a little pink ribbon as a reward for just getting to class.

No, if you do well in class, you do well, if you do a good test on it, like well on its if you get air above on it, he will staple a little ribbon.

So can I ask you something where you mentioned ribbons earlier?

I hate to jog your memory.

Oh, yeah, and it seems as if you have a relationship with Mr.

Manfield.

Uh-huh.

Mmm.

Mm.

Do you think that he's the one who Lord you and it seems like he has access to hundreds of children a year.

What are you saying?

Do you think he is the is it possible?

Is it possible that is it is the mastermind?

Oh, mm Mastermind behind this very complicated Rube Goldberg like series of tunnels that seemed to be some sort of test upon a child's very soul.

Yeah, he would understand probably the choices that kids would make and also might have the understanding of how to dig elaborate tunnel systems without causing structural damage.

Yeah, I mean using chemicals just pouring them on the ground also.

Can I ask you did he ever ask you about your your opinions on several movies like like the good son or anything?

Yeah, we talked movies all the time.

Did he ever show movies in class?

Yeah, only when there wasn't that many experiments to do Pirates of the Caribbean.

Yeah, good son.

None.

Yeah.

What's that Kevin Costner one or the Dennis Quaid one?

Yeah, what about Keanu and the puppies?

Yeah, he did show me that.

All right.

You know what?

I'm starting to formulate a pretty clear opinion about what's going on.

Yeah.

Oh, dude.

Also does he have hair all over his body?

Um, I'm not sure not that that's a bad thing.

No, of course not that that's at all any kind of bad.

Sure.

I mean, he's got a normal amount of hair on his forearms.

Yeah, when the when the the homeless gentleman who saved you and rescued you when he brought you to your parents house in his arms when they opened the door, what did they say to him?

Oh, hey, mr.

M.

Okay.

I don't know quite what to think about this story.

Now.

This is like the usual suspect going back over everything.

He's told us and wondering what's true.

So they parents call him.

Mr.

M.

All right.

Yeah, but then oh, like what is it?

Look, we're not going to figure this out today, but I do need to make a call to child protective services.

I think in Dayton Ohio.

Oh my God.

Look we have so little look at more of these videos.

I just wanted to tell it tell you guys about my YouTube channel.

Okay, so fresh.

We'll get to that.

We only have one last thing to do.

We only have one last thing to do on the show and that's a little something called plugs.

The plug.

Inside of little Scottie.

Yeah, everybody gropes him.

So I'm proposing.

He is balling.

Behind these plugs.

His body would keep my fingers warm in all of my plugs in all of my plugs.

Ah, that was the plug compartment by Paul fart.

Burp cop.

Jesus Christ you guys come on.

All right.

What are we plugging Jason?

What do we got?

You know, we mentioned it earlier long dumb road is available on iTunes and streaming services everywhere.

How did this get made the podcast that I do with Paul Shear and June Diane.

Ray feels right here on earwolf.

Of course.

I don't know.

I was I was on a very fun episode of nailed it this winter that I really loved friend of the pod Nicole Byer.

Mm-hmm. So there's all of that.

All right, Caitlin, you want to plug obviously Caitlin so fresh. Yeah, just check out Caitlin so fresh and see all my cool videos.

How many star mr.

M I mean, we know he's in two we know he's in the two biggest ones. Well, he's burning he's you know tangentially involved in that one.

Well, is he featured in the hair burning video?

Like do you film you getting the hydrochloric acid from his trunk? No, I mean we did it in his classroom.

So like he's like they're got it cleaning up in the background.

So he is doing busy work.

Yeah, he's just marrying marrying the chemicals and how many of your videos side work?

How many of his of your videos does he appear in even tangentially?

I would say not that many but like like like all of them.

Okay.

See this is not that this is a yeah next time get him involved.

I mean he emailed me obviously get him involved can bring him back if you would bring him with you if you would.

Yeah, okay, and Caitlin Scott, who's it?

Hey, it's me.

Who's Thomas middle dish?

Show me middle dish from middle ditching Schwartz.

Oh, right, but also Silicon Valley.

Oh, yeah, Silicon Valley.

Hey, look, I was taking a big dump, but I came back and don't worry.

Why did why do you have to tell us about that?

Look, I'm dump free.

Okay.

Okay, great.

What are you doing here?

We're doing we're in the middle of plugs.

Oh perfect because I just want to tell you about a really big show and Sullivan.

Yeah.

Yeah, I got it really big show that middle ditch and Schwartz are doing me and Benny Benny Benny shwashwa.

Okay here in Los Angeles at the Wiltern on March 26 Tuesday March 26.

Yeah, baby this very year.

Oh my gosh, you can get tickets are on sale right now at middle dish and Schwartz calm you buy them up you get them you come to the show you have a laugh.

Everyone's having a grand old time.

Ooh, baby who that's how we like to party.

How many should people buy for underprivileged children to be honest?

We kind of have a it's a privilege fan base.

So thank you.

Tommy anyway, gotta get back to 26 at the Wiltern.

Oh, you're getting back to I thought you were dumb free.

Yeah, but I feel another one coming on.

Okay.

See you later.

Bye.

I want to plug of course the comedy bang bang television show is out there on Netflix.

If you're in the US all five seasons very proud of that and the we have the farts and procreation vinyl record is out there.

So I didn't know you made that that's good.

Yes.

I want one.

So only 500 we know.

Yeah, so yeah, very limited dollars fine.

Nope considerably cheaper.

Is it just those episodes?

It's the the Brian pieces and Carl's a junior story.

It's the for a double record set of love it of all of them.

So go go by that.

All right, let's close up.

We're going to put out a hanang man 45.

Yes, of course, just a 45 of three minutes.

That is just just saying hanang man as many times as we've said it.

Okay, someone puts that together.

We'll put it out or I would really I would like to that would be funny or I like the idea of a 45 or a cassette.

Yes, I was single out a cassette tape.

That is just the hanang man.

Just the hanang man.

All right, let's close up the old plug bag.

Close your eyes and are we still doing this?

Yeah, I thought this went away.

How does this get worse every year?

Don't be closing.

I gotta say this is the first week.

It's actually grown on me.

Really?

Yeah, it's like it might as well be a song from Blue Brothers 2000.

It's legit.

That good that good.

Wow guys.

I want to thank you for being here.

Jason always a pleasure to see you and Caitlin.

Yeah, we're just we're just skimming the surface of the depths of of your psychosis here.

I think we need to have you back at some point along with Mr. M.

If you'll come back with him be my pleasure.

We'll see you next time.

Thank you.

Bye.

The end.

Here.

You.
