---
layout: page
title: 589. Patton Oswalt, Andy Daly [https：⧸⧸cloudfront.wolfpub.io⧸CBB-589-20190220-OswaltDaly-DTBv01-PW.mp3].mp3.wav
category: cbb 
---

♪ Comedy Bang Bang ♪ Tits back, but first, that's the way I meet Fred Durst.

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

Thank you to King Kong Did Nothing Wrong for that wonderful catchphrase submission.

Is that true? King Kong Did Nothing Wrong? That's a good top of conversation to our guest of honor here coming up.

By the way, a little later we have someone who's in the field of writing.

We'll be on the show, so that's very exciting.

But let's get to our first guest.

Before that, of course, let me say that my name is Scott Aukerman.

I'm your host for another edition of Comedy Bang Bang, and it's always special when he drops by.

He has a multitude and a myriad of projects out there in the ether currently, but primarily amongst them.

AP Bio Advanced Placement Biology will be coming out Thursday, this Thursday, March 7th, for its second season.

Wonderful show that Mike O'Brien created.

Please welcome back to the show Patton Oswalt. Hello!

Thank you, bang bangers. I don't know. What do they do?

Aukermaniacs? Aukermaniacs. Yes.

Oh, are all the little aukermaniacs out there? That would be horrible.

Eating their aukaroos? Please do not call yourselves that.

Aukermaniacs?

What do Patton fans call themselves? Oh, that's a good question.

Patton themselves on the back? Patton themselves on the back?

Pat Stans? Pat Stan Oswalt? I don't know. Pat Stans? Pat Stans isn't bad.

What about Pant Stans? What if they just called themselves Pant Stans?

You're like, okay, that doesn't sound like Patton, it doesn't sound like Stans.

We've gotten way off of the original pronunciation.

But it kind of makes sense. It kind of does.

Patton, did King Kong do nothing wrong in your estimation?

Well, I mean, he...

He followed his animal instincts.

Yeah, I mean, first, they bring this...

Oh, man. I don't know. Is King Kong the hero of these films?

Or is the whomever...

He's definitely the guy getting screwed over, that's for sure.

And he definitely has the most interesting arc.

You think about that. He travels the most, deals with the most, you know.

Does he travel the most? I mean, let's really break this down.

Technically, yeah. Because I believe the crew goes from New York to the island, and then back. Meanwhile, King Kong travels only back.

But he does, I think he travels the farthest in terms of, like, time, in terms of being in a prehistoric land, and then suddenly a modern 20th century land.

So if this were a stand-up in a comedy club, and you said, who came here from the furthest away? It would be King Kong?

Is that what you're trying to say?

It depends on how you measure distance. Do you measure distance in actual miles, or do you measure distance in time? The fourth dimension.

Yeah, the fourth dimension.

King Kong, which one is the best King Kong in your estimation?

By the way, point this right at your mouth, if you don't mind, because that's quite all right.

They're not... Like, if you even get this far away... Some people wonder why I say that sometimes.

It's because you have to get right up on them for some reason.

Otherwise you sound like this the entire time.

Life is strange, moving and stereo... Nice.

Ricko Kasek. Ricko Patnik.

Ricko Patnik. I mean, the first King Kong is kind of the old...

Well, no, that new one, Kong on Skull Island, was pretty great.

Right. The one with, was it Brie Larson?

Brie, yeah. Followed up her award-winning turn in The Room, with a non-award-winning turn in Kong Skull Island.

Well, Hollywood is all about, you were so amazing in this little gritty indie drama, you get to stand in front of a green blanket for three months, while we put monsters around you.

That's your reward. And then we'll pay you in tiny green blankets.

Yeah. And millions of them. Millions of them.

Yeah, when you break through in Hollywood, instead of getting an Oscar, you should be given a little green blanket.

That's your award. It means you're gonna now go do the big CGI things.

But yeah, the original King Kong is still amazing. What about the 70s one? Jeff Bridges?

My father? My father's in that. Is he? He's a helicopter pilot in it.

Are you kidding me? I'm not kidding. Wow. So at the end on the World Trade Center.

He's, yeah, up there flying a lot of those helicopters.

I remember being very upset because I had the poster for the remake, and on the poster, he's straddling the Twin Towers.

Yeah, the Twin Towers. He's got one paw, I guess. Monkey's paw.

Yeah, one foot on one, but like, which means he must be 2,000 feet.

Yes, he's, yeah, if those are, what were the Twin Towers?

They were about 150 stories?

I don't know. But doesn't he jump from one to the other at one point?

Maybe. I, you know what, I have not seen it since I was a boy trying to spot my father in all of the helicopters.

Doing a helicopter spot.

And you know who else is in it? In one of the crowd scenes, running and screaming is a very young Taylor Negron.

Really? Yes, is one of the extras running away from...

Just running away from King Kong?

Running away and screaming, but I mean, I don't know if anyone's ever done a freeze frame, like Phil Collins in Hard Day's Night, but he's in there.

Right, a Jay Giles-style freeze frame.

So, yeah.

So, wait a minute, your dad shot down King Kong?

Yeah, yeah, he did.

Riddled him with bullets. Killed that ape.

Yeah, the way he could never kill me.

Wow, okay, let's, do we want to, do we want to do a different...

Yeah, this is therapy by the way. I decided to do a reverse WTF where suddenly I'm the one being analyzed.

Welcome to the Mental Illness Happy Hour with our guest host and guest, Scott Aukerman.

Pat, have you ever done a green screen film like that?

You've done Agents of SHIELD in the Marvel extended cinematic universe.

I haven't really done any, because even on Agents of SHIELD, that's practical sets, like those planes are there, like we're actually there.

And those are real superpowers.

And those are all real superpowers. He found a guy with, with death lock powers.

What are death locks powers? Let's break them down. Power to shoot things?

I think his power is to be half robot and be tormented, but then also be able to throw cars.

Throw cars, oh, that is super strength.

But that actor was, has really was hitting his head against the wall for years and then thank God that role came along.

Yeah, oh my gosh. Oh, finally a death lock.

Finally!

I don't think I have.

What would you be if there were a superhero, I know you're about to do, it was just announced you're about to do the MODOK cartoon, right? For Hulu, is that correct?

For Hulu. That's a cartoon.

That's a cartoon. If you were able to play anyone, and don't, don't do it of like, well, I couldn't play this because I don't fit the...

Oh yeah, they can CGI anything.

Exactly, like when I take a look at some of those Marvel movies and I look at like Paul Rudd in Ant-Man, or you know, Chris Pratt in Guardians of the Galaxy, and they, they, every single one has one shot where they're shirtless and someone walks in on them and they kind of turn over their shoulder like, you caught me.

Abs, abs, abs. I just think, okay, those guys had to eat like that and work out for months just for that one shot that you could easily CGI.

Exactly, you could go watch 300, you could easily CGI people.

Yeah, they just painted it on them.

Even like, I think Nic Cage and Ghost Rider, they CGI'd stuff on him and he looked fine.

He looks fine.

By the way, it's also a cartoon movie. No one's gonna go, I saw this movie about a guy that turns into a flaming skull and they CGI'd his abs and I was out.

That's when I was like, I'm out.

I will say though that every time that shot comes up in one of the movies, Kulap nudges me in the ribs like, huh?

Maybe, huh?

A little paleo for you, Scott?

But if you could be any superhero, even one that has been on screen already, what acting challenge do you think would be fun for you?

Oh wow. Like, you know what would be really fun to do?

Would be Plastic Man.

Because you would have to keep in mind where you are in terms of what, because that would be a total everyday, okay, your one arm is twisting this way, your feet are turning into a jet ski, but you got to be aware of so much stuff going on and then keep your performance.

Keep your sunglasses on as well.

Keep your sunglasses on and stay oily.

You're gonna have to beat off Ben Schwartz for that role because he's been making a very active online campaign to play that.

Well, I mean, if DC wants a Deadpool, that's their Deadpool right there.

Right.

Is Plastic Man. They're sitting on a Deadpool, they just don't know how to do it.

They just don't know how to do it at this point. Let's get together and do this.

It's so weird how the one thing DC isn't good at is making superhero movies.

Isn't it weird?

They cannot pull it off.

They were the ones who started it off with Superman the motion picture.

And by the way, still one of the best ones.

One of the best ones.

I mean, Wonder Woman was good.

And Dark Knight is great.

Dark Knight was great.

And then everything else.

Talk about a, talk about a, just a, a batter's box of amazing green lanterns. How can you not pull off a green lantern movie?

Yeah.

How can you not do that?

We're getting very in the weeds with people who don't care about comics.

But I will say that I think with Green Lantern, just make them space cops with laser rings.

Yes.

Don't make it a guy who can make a punching bag, a boxing glove with his ring.

Like that's a little too wacky for people.

Just making people who are like point rings and people and go, pew, pew, pew.

Oh my God.

I so want to go to the asylum films right now and pitch space cops with power rings.

Yeah.

And then just go, we're not, it's doing a call Green Lantern.

Space cops with power rings.

Totally different. What's the problem?

Let's, let's work together on this. You and me and Plastic Man. And when I say that, I mean every other scene we star in.

Yes.

We switch it off.

Plastic Man would be really, really fun. And so would, um, um, it would be really funny would be a Hulk where the, where it's me.

So I'm not in the best of shape to begin with. And when I turn it up to a Hulk, I'm Hulk, but it's like a tubby Hulk.

Like he has the powers of the Hulk.

Right. He just like gets bigger.

He just gets bigger, but he kind of has a gut and he's like, could I please put a shirt on? I'd rather not like a little sensitive about how I look.

I would really love to put a shirt on before I get into this pool.

Hulk one shirt in pool.

Hulk one shirt please.

That would be funny.

That would, so, uh, uh, I'd love to see you in the Marvel U.

Why aren't you at least like some sort of collector or something like that?

I don't know.

Eternity?

I mean, in a way, because of Marvel's agents of shield and now MODOK, I guess technically I'm in the Marvel U, but yeah, live action.

But there have been people who have been, who have switched roles in Marvel, I believe.

Yes. Yeah.

So you could do that.

Maybe like if, if they, in a future Spider-Man, I'd love to play Doc Ock.

Yeah.

That would be really fun.

The, uh, uh, octopus themed villain.

Yes. The octopus. Thank you, Scott.

That's how I describe Doc Ock.

For our listeners at home, the octopus themed illustrated children's character.

The octopus themed villain.

Themed.

Yeah.

Um, now, uh, uh, out of all the Marvel movies, what is the best one? I want to get your rankings.

Oh boy. I mean that the original Spider-Man 2, the one Raimi did was pretty good.

Oh yeah. That's a great one where they carry him out on the subway.

They take off his mask.

Yeah.

We'll never tell anyone. You're Spider-Man.

A subway car was like, well, we're all cool. Right? Yeah.

Okay, good.

None of us are going to tell anyone else. Right?

Yeah, exactly.

We'll take the secret to the grave. Right?

Half of them would be at the, at the page six the next day.

Although in a weird way, how would any of them know who he is?

Yeah. That's the thing. Anytime anyone takes off the mask of any of the superhero, it's like, oh, it's a dude.

Right.

I mean, you have a hard enough time if anyone ever mugs you.

Right.

Like picking someone out of a lineup or whatever.

Yeah. Like unless he's Bruce Wayne. Yeah. You wouldn't know who he is.

I think it'd be great to have a scene like that where someone sees Spider-Man with his mask off, goes to the police department.

They hook him up with a sketch artist and then the sketch artist turns around and it's a picture of Spider-Man in his costume.

He's like, do you think you could pass this on to the boys at Marvel?

Oh, what's your favorite Marvel movie?

I believe, I believe.

Um, that's a good question. What do I like best? Name some of them.

Logan was pretty good.

Logan. What's that one about?

That, that, it's about Logan.

Who?

Laura Logan, the reporter.

Laura Logan.

Yeah.

All right. All right.

Um, the second X-Men movie is pretty great.

X-Men 2? X-Men 2?

X-2.

I remember it being good, but I bet if we went back to it, uh, it would, uh, I don't know. I don't know. Maybe.

You know, especially with everything going on with the director, you know?

Oh yeah, that's a little rough.

You know? Do we really want to be, I, and I've said this.

Maybe I shouldn't have brought that up.

I've said this before on shows. A lot happening with recent people coming out.

I think you're able to, a lot of people say, well, I got to go back and not listen to anything or not watch anything.

Right.

I think it's up to the point you find out.

Yes.

You can watch anything previous and still enjoy it.

Yeah, exactly.

And everything from when you find out. God!

Right. So back in the early thirties, the people who enjoyed Hitler's watercolors and, uh, landscapes.

Yes, they could still love those!

But then when they're like, post-war, all these people.

This guy's getting a little.

Oh, yeah, okay.

I could still love the, yeah, the paintings.

Yeah, but the paintings are there.

Yeah.

Right. But everything after that.

Yeah, there was so much after that.

There was so much.

Patton, what is, uh, what is going on with AP Bio? As far as I'm concerned, this show was out last year and I was like, oh, really funny.

One of the best shows, uh, out there right now. And then suddenly it's not on for like six days.

Then it comes back on for a half hour.

Oh, yeah, that's right.

And then it's gone for another six days and then it comes back for another half hour.

Oh, oh, Scott, that's, no, no, that's, that's how shows, they didn't.

What?

Did you think that they canceled us every week and then renewed us?

I wanted to binge watch this thing and they keep canceling it!

No, no, no, that's how, we did it old school where you would show a new episode every week.

Ah!

We weren't actually, oh, no, you thought like we would cancel it, strike all the sets.

And then they would be like, you know what?

Come Tuesday, God, that show.

It was pretty good. Get the gang back together.

Can you do one in two days? Come on, let's call everyone.

Um, it's, it's back though. It was gone for a few months, right?

Yeah.

And now it's back.

And now it's back and it's, wow, this second season, you know, Michael Brian really took everything that was good about the first season, really amped it up and added these.

There's so much, I probably shouldn't be telling you some of this stuff because...

Now it's not in a school from what I hear.

It's not in a school. We are on a bus that cannot go below 50.

Oh, really? But it can't go above 52 from what I heard.

I can't believe that, exactly.

He's gotta stay a steady 51.

Can't go too low, can't go too high. And, um...

But they have cruise control, so it's fine.

Yes.

You just put it on 51 and everything's fine.

So would you brought that up? One of the writers brought that up. And then, so from episode two on, it's actually kind of boring.

Right.

We didn't consider the cruise control thing.

Do you think Tom Cruise is pissed that he couldn't name a Mission Impossible?

Mission Impossible Five, Cruise Control.

Cruise Control, yeah.

Wait a minute, is Cruise Control...

Isn't that Speed 2, Cruise Control?

But is the phrase Cruise Control copywritten? Can people...

No, anyone can call anything anything.

Cruise Control.

As I found out when my friend, when I was in college, gave me his brother's tape of his band, his demo tape.

I said, oh wow, he did a cover of The Beatles eight days a week.

And my friend said, no, that's his own song.

I was like, okay.

Okay.

But anyone can call anything anything.

Charlie Kaufman needs to write a movie called Cruise Control.

And it's Tom Cruise wearing a shock collar and different people get a hold.

He's trying to find the control and different people get it.

Yes.

Called Cruise Control.

Charlie Kaufman should do, oh we should, also Charlie Kaufman should do whatever we want him to do.

That is true.

He comes out with a movie every five years or something. It's like, come on buddy.

Yeah. And I know blah, blah, blah, the fact that he spends so much time on that is why they're so good.

I don't care.

I'm happy with C minuses from you, as long as it's a movie a year.

I want people to have a prince-like work ethic where every year they come out with something on the dot.

Yeah. And I want words shaved into your cheek.

I want your facial hair formed into different words.

And I want you to be singing into a microphone shaped like a gun.

And I want half of your face to be the Joker and half of it to be Prince.

And a thick chain veil. Come on.

Please.

But what else is happening on AP Bio?

I mean, first of all, let's break it down.

These are still 30 minute episodes.

They're 30 minute episodes.

You may well, technically, the 22 minute episodes.

Right. If you fast forward through the commercials, which you suggest people do. Is that right?

Yes. Oh, please do not support our sponsors.

And NBC has stressed for me to say that do not support any more sponsors.

Who do you have sponsoring this year? Do you know?

Have you taken a look at the list?

You know, it's such a blur.

Anytime I'm I even do a guest appearance on a show.

Oh, really?

I just track the list of sponsors like, no, can't have that.

And I call up the network and I say, sorry, if I'm going to do your show, I'm going to need you to cancel the Frigidaire account.

I do. I fast forward the commercial so much.

I assume it's a car that dispenses pet food and cures heart disease or something.

It's all a blur to me.

What do you think about these? I was watching TV yesterday.

I know we're jumping around from topic to topic, but I was watching TV yesterday.

What do you think about that?

No. What do you think about these Tom Selleck reverse mortgage ads?

Have you seen these? No.

They're basically banking on Tom Selleck's good standing within the elderly community.

Oh, they do that all the time, though.

They find some icon from 70s television. Someone who like we all love Tom Selleck.

Right. Focus test. Like who do people like?

Well, people in the 80s like Tom Selleck and now he frowns a lot on whatever his new cop show is.

So and the elderly people, they liked having fun back in the 80s and they're like frowning now.

So they really relate to him. Yeah. And they go, OK.

And I just feel so bad for him. The things he has to say in these commercials, he has to say things like, trust me.

I checked it out and this is really good. I feel like if only if even one I realize I'm a person who says ads on this show.

But if even one person has a bad experience with them, I feel like, oh, poor Tom.

He got he got lured into saying, trust me. I've checked out these reverse mortgage and reverse mortgages are not the best.

No, they should not be trusted. And now I picture. Oh, God, I just pictured like elderly boomers taking their stacks of Magnum video cassettes to like a pyre in their backyard and just sadly, sadly burning them.

I can no longer enjoy TJ. Well, in the background, the guy from the bank takes her house away.

All I have is this pyre. I needed to keep warm. I don't want to burn these things.

It would be hilarious if as the repossessors came to take these people's houses, they played the Magnum P.I.

Vee just badly. They're damn bad. Don't fear the repossessors.

That's what that would be a good song. I got to call him about that. Yeah. Get out.

He would love to hear the repossessors, repossessors. What else is going on in a P bio?

God, you know, you play a feisty principle.

Oh, no, I'm not a I am a broken beaten down principle. I basically I play an authority figure with zero authority, which is very fun.

You play a figure. A figure. Yes, I do play a figure.

And that figure is pear shaped.

And then I get a disgraced Harvard philosophy professor has to come and teach at the public school.

He comes after his hometown, played by Glenn Howerton. And then you're ready. Yep.

Hi, jinx ensue. No. Yes. At what minute do hi jinx ensue?

We try to we have a.

Usually I watch a show and it's about out of 30 minutes, about a minute, 18 hijinks start to ensue.

See, Michael, Brian likes a three minute hijinks clock. He likes he likes a little bit of tension, like I don't think anything's going to happen.

And then hijinks ever going to ensue on this and then but then when they do, he likes to pile it on like it's like it.

Yeah. And how many hijink dam burrs? How many episodes are we doing this year?

We're doing one. We're doing two. How many do you do? Well, they gave us the one and then we'll we're going to air that on March 7.

See how it does. Then the show will get canceled. And then we're feeling it'll get picked up the next week and then we'll do one on March 14th.

And just like how long do you think that will happen for? I don't know. It definitely helps the acting because everyone is so tense.

Just on edge. I love watching. Yeah, I have said this on the show before to watch any television show you watch.

OK, you're in season two now. So you guys are probably all bored with it at this point.

Any TV show you watch, anyone who's a regular is sick of it and wants to get home in every scene. And anyone who is a guest star is deathly afraid they're going to get fired in every scene.

And so it's an incredible just push and pull between two types of actors, the bored ones and the very afraid ones that really makes TV exciting.

Yeah, the best one, the best shows for that are the Law and Order shows, because those poor actors, the regulars have been there now, what, 15 years.

They've got these giant pages of dialogue. They are exhausted. And then you have... They hate it. And they've they've whittled it down to so few days.

Right. Like that's in their contracts, too, of like, I'm not going to work five days. I'll be there two days of the week.

Right. And so they have to do these giant just dialogue dumps on two days. But the guest stars are breaking their asses hoping they'll get an Emmy nomination.

And they've been working for years to get on this show.

Yeah, exactly. And they're shocked. Yeah, this is it.

And they're very, very afraid that they're not doing it right. And also a constant flow of starving Broadway actors that are there and are trying.

And they're just like, I went to the School of the Arts back in my hometown. Exactly. And I got an MFA from...

And the regulars have like just they've learned over the years how to time swallowing that last bite of bagel right before they yell action.

No, you were in the... She's dead! You ever do one of those Law and Orders? No, and I would love to watch the dynamic on that side.

I've had friends that have done it. They say it's fascinating. What about you do it? What about you do it being an investigator on one for the next 15 years?

Like being the next Jerry Orbach or something? Or the next Richard Belzer. Yeah. Belzer. The Belz.

Not only did he go on, he was on homicide, then got put on Law and Order and then was basically, isn't he... It's the Munchiverse. The Munchiverse. He's in everything.

We actually on Bang Bang in one of the very last episodes, we had a line and I think it got cut out. I don't think it ever aired.

But it was like where someone mentioned their good friend Detective Munch and I say, I knew we were in the Munchiverse.

It would be so amazing if they could find a way to put one of Munch's descendants into Game of Thrones. Oh, yeah. Do you think Game of Thrones is in the future?

No, no, no. Not descendants. Ancestors. Yeah, ancestors. OK.

Oh my God. I mean, we don't know. Game of Thrones could be in the future.

If it's in the future. That always blew my mind that Star Wars was in the past. Right. It's a reverse Star Wars here.

Exactly. You know?

What do you hope happens in Game of Thrones this year? You watching it? Oh, yeah. Oh, I love that show. I unabashedly love it.

It's the last, what, eight episodes or something? Yeah, this is it. I hope that...

I hope that they find a way to not so much defeat the White Walkers, but do something to impasse.

And then a lot of the asshole characters get turned into White Walkers and then they're they're just kind of walking away with the crowd.

Like, so we see Cersei kind of look at the camera to kind of shrug, like, I guess I'm a walker now. Now you have to follow me.

That's why I always wondered about The Walking Dead is they keep introducing these new characters that no one cares about and they keep killing off the old ones.

Let's just follow the old ones as they're zombies. Yeah.

You know, instead of everyone like chopping their heads off right away, like, oh, we got to get to him before he turns.

Let's follow those guys. Yeah. You know, we like them. Yeah.

Have them meet other people. Yeah. You know, they eat other people.

And they say, nice to eat you after they do that. Wouldn't it be amazing at the end of every season, the main character gets turned into a zombie, then they follow him or her.

And then the last scene is they meet the new group of survivors who then kill that person and then we're off to the races.

Yes. That's what they introduce the next season. I'm tired of following new people that I don't care about and they always have to come up with some new weapon.

Like now it's a slingshot that these new people are using.

I stopped watching that so long ago. You know, I just want to see the old people.

I want to see that no matter I don't care if they're dead or not, you know, just let's follow them around.

There's a guy named a guy named John Moe who did a podcast.

I know John Moe. Yeah.

Yeah. He ruined Walking Dead for me because he did a sketch about them and he had a character go, hey, who's mowing all these lawns?

When I'm like, yeah, okay, you know what? I'm kind of bad.

Then it was just hard for me to watch that show because all the lawns are beautifully trimmed.

I tell you, John Moe though, he should have a mowing lawn business. Oh my God. John Moe mows your lawns. John Moe's.

Yes. John Moe's. Moe's. John Moe mows. John Moe mows. John Moe knows mows. John No.

No. John Moe. John Moe knows mows. There you go. I love it.

Wow.

All right. AP bio this Thursday, March 7th. Do we have a time on this or should people just turn on NBC and just kind of figure it out?

I would turn you around eight o'clock. You just know I would turn on NBC like 1130 in the morning and just stay there.

Just roll right through Days of Our Lives, get in line early. Ellen, whatever, whatever comes on.

Exactly. You want to get there too nimble for everyone else to be there first.

Early and often. Who knows? They might throw a surprise one in at three thirty in the afternoon.

You don't know. You don't know that. For nice, nice, attentive viewers.

Yeah, we'll go out and entertain people that are waiting in line. Throw them an episode.

AP bio this Thursday, March 7th, NBC. We have to get to our next guest. Is that OK? Oh, that's fine.

I mentioned that our next guest is in the field of writing.

Are you? You've written books. How many books have you written?

Two books. Two books. Yes. And any in the pipeline or?

There might be a third one. It's going to I got to wait till I'm kind of free and clear of all the acting I'm doing.

And then I want to really sit and work on this next one.

Great. Well, I believe our this is great.

I believe our next guest has written two books himself. So you have a lot in common. So he is an author, primarily a poet.

Please welcome back to the show. Oh, this is Dalton Wilcox.

Welcome back. How's it going? Hello, gentlemen. Hello.

Hello. Hello. It's great to be here. Hi. So nice to see you again. Well, sure it is. I can't remember.

Patton, have you ever met Dalton? I think I did. We made one show with him a long time ago. It's fascinating. Right.

OK.

Yeah. Well, I'm excited to be here and I'm just a hell of a lot going on with me. A hell of a lot going on.

I tell you guys about. No, I mean, I'm anxious about it. I have a lot of stories.

But they was just telling me outside you guys was having a conversation regarding the subject of whether that King Kong had done anything wrong.

Oh, that's right. Now, for for those of you who have not heard Dalton Wilcox, he is a poet. He is a cowboy.

He is the cowboy poet of the. You're underselling my qualifications. Oh, sorry. Do you want to.

And insultingly. Take your pardon. Well, I'm just merely working off of memory.

Do you want to keep begging my pardon? I'll see if I give it to you. I am the poet laureate of the West.

I have been referred to as that by myself and sometimes others. I am.

But when they when they do it, it's usually he calls himself the poet laureate of the West.

I've heard it in a context like that from time to time or other things like he considers himself to be poet laureate of the West.

No one is ever saying, in my opinion, he is. I don't know.

Has anyone offered that opinion yet?

Anyone offered the opinion that I am the poet laureate of the West? I've certainly heard the opinion that I believe I am.

And that is a commonly expressed opinion. I am the most celebrated collector and chronicler of the wit and wisdom of the West that the world has ever seen.

And that's that's a fact. And you can look that up in the world book and world. That's right there in the world book.

I am also the author of that encyclopedias. And maybe I've missed that world. You don't know the world book.

Maybe not. No, it's got everything and everything in the world about the entire world.

Well, they wouldn't call it the world book. Well, they put it in the world book. Are you talking about the Internet?

Yeah. Well, they did put it on a computer. Is that what you're asking? OK, I don't know what I'm asking. The world book is on the computer. That's true. All right.

It's on all of CD-ROMs. You can get it on any kind of a ROM.

And anyway, I have written the you know, I'm the author of the book.

You must buy your wife at least as much jewelry as you buy your horse and other poems and observations, humorous and otherwise from a life on the range, as well as the follow up book. You still have to buy your wife at least as much jewelry as you buy your horse and even more poems and additional observations, humorous and otherwise from a life still being lived on the range by Dalton Wilcox, who wrote the first book.

Who also wrote the first book. Excuse me. But then it says, then this is by Dalton Wilcox. After the Dalton Wilcox.

That's correct. By Dalton Wilcox, who also wrote the last book by Dalton Wilcox.

OK. Yeah. So we of course, we know these things about you.

Yeah. Yeah. And those books are available for preorder on Amazon.

Hang on, preorder? So they haven't come out yet? I don't know what it means, but they're available for preorder at B.

Dalton's and at the Amazon books.

All right. So, yeah, I thought these copies had come out already. They've been out a long time.

OK. Yeah. It's more like a post order. Well, as far as I'm concerned, you could still preorder because you haven't gotten it yet.

You understand me? OK, you're right. You're going to pre delivery order. Technically that's preorder.

Yeah. And then, of course, you got to order it too. These are poems that you wrote about, about your life on your trusty steed traveling across the American West.

They're not all about me on my horse, but they are mostly primarily do take place in the American West, the real West.

God damn it. This this bullshit West that we're in now, this goddamn Hollywood West. This is bullshit West.

And one thing that I wanted to mention in this ties into what you wanted to bring up is that a lot of your poems have to do with you encountering people along your various travels.

And not people, my friend. Well, I wish I was encountering.

Yes. Well, in my eyes, or at least to at first glance, they appear to be people.

And to you, you find them to be monsters such as vampires, wolf men. I can't recall if you've ever wandered into meeting a Frankenstein.

Certainly I have. Absolutely. One of my most famous poems.

One of my most famous poems is titled I one time killed a Frankenstein.

And I've encountered numerous Frankincines. This gentleman is an unfortunate condition of my life that I am plagued by vampires and also mummies and oftentimes werewolves.

And these, they tend to congregate in the western part of the United States.

Well, I reckon they're probably all over the place, but I because I happen to be in the West where I find them, I'm very, very, very vigilant about monsters.

I always have my eye out for it. Matter of fact, I killed a Cyclops today. I killed a Cyclops earlier today.

Really? Here in Hollywood.

Here in Hollywood. What were the circumstances regarding this?

Well, what do you mean? It was a Cyclops. So it's the kind of circumstance you'd expect.

So did the Cyclops come up to you? Did the Cyclops approach you at all?

Well, I had called him. Here's what it is.

Wait.

Yeah, I got a flat tire on my truck.

Okay.

All right. I don't know if you guys know anything about trucks, but it's just like.

They usually run on four wheels.

Well, it's just like a car. I was going to say just like a car, except it's larger. You can keep things in there. That's a truck.

And we have them out in the real West. And anyways, I was driving my truck and I got a flat tire.

And that'll happen because it's, I don't know. I don't even know if you gentlemen know anything about cars.

Well, the tires tend to be inflated to a certain level.

That's right.

The full air.

That's right. I'm surprised you know that. They're made of rubber, these tires.

Yeah, sometimes. Yeah.

And from time to time, you'll get them. They'll go flat on you. And I called up a tow truck guy, come out.

You don't have to explain those, by the way.

Change my tire.

I know that you were about to, but we know all about those tow trucks.

You know what a tow truck is?

We do. They also work with automobiles. So Patton and I are locked in on that.

Well, all right. You're surprising me with your breath and knowledge. Anyway, guy comes out and I didn't even think anything of it at first, but he's got an eye patch on.

I didn't even think one thing of it. And he starts changing my tire and he did it.

Put it up on the jack and all that stuff. And he changed my tire. And then I says to him, well, thank you, Fran. Have a good day.

He tells me he wants 50 goddamn dollars.

Surprisingly cheap for a tow truck.

Yeah, that's a deal.

Fifty dollars is cheap to you, gentlemen, to change a goddamn tire.

Are you a AAA member?

You don't understand. I had the spare tire on the truck. He's not providing the tire. He's literally just providing the labor.

Why didn't you do it yourself, then, if you already had it?

If you're this cowboy, don't you know how to change a tire?

Listen, gentlemen, if it was a horse, I'd know how to change a shoe.

But I'm not going to mess around with this goddamn by the side of the road here in Hollywood with all you crazy drivers.

So you needed someone's help.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Because you don't know how to change a tire.

Goddamn it, I know how to do it. I sure as hell don't.

You don't want to be bothered.

Not only do I know how to do it, but I stood over that some bitch's shoulder and I told him again and again how he's doing it wrong.

Oh.

And he was.

Just for that, I would want $50.

Yeah, exactly.

Doing it too slow and sloppy.

How long was he there?

He was there, well, it took him like 15 minutes, I'd say.

Anyhow, 50 goddamn dollars he wanted. I told him, I'll give you five.

Did you mean give him five like, you know.

Well, that's what I was going to do. If he had agreed to the $5, I would have slapped him five and sent him on his way.

But he didn't agree to it. I thought for sure he was going to say, all right, that's fair.

I'd say, put out your hand. I just gave you five.

Deal's a deal.

Yeah, but it didn't work. And that son of a bitch got real hot under the collar.

He starts getting mad and that's when I realized, goddamn it Dalton, why didn't you say it?

Son of a bitch has one eye. This is a goddamn Cyclops.

Cyclops! The Cyclops!

And how did you, how did you take care of the Cyclops?

Well, I was concerned because there's no time to waste.

Once you've gotten into an altercation of any kind with the Cyclops, it's just a matter of time before he smash a rock over your head.

That's the Cyclops, they don't have extraordinary strength.

Yes, sure they do.

These goddamn Cyclops has built the pyramids. You don't know one thing about Cyclops.

Well, all I know is they have one eye and maybe they're taller than other humans?

They built the Acropolis of Cyclops.

I need to, I'm sorry. He had an eye patch?

Oh, yeah.

So he had two, a Cyclops just has the one eye in the forehead.

So it sounds like this guy had two eyes.

Did the Cyclops mention having just taken a trip to the optometrist at all? Or?

Yeah.

I don't know. I mean, he said something about coming to an eye doctor, but...

Yeah, I think that's what I mean. His optometrist is one eye.

He said, excuse me, I'm just coming to an eye doctor.

And I just thought, I don't have time for small talk, change my tire.

You didn't have time?

I didn't have no time for small talk.

Anyway, you're positing that there was an eye under that patch?

Or what I'm saying is he would have just started with one eye and that's it.

And this guy sounds like he started with two.

Well, it's the extent of your ignorance.

Do you think if someone loses an eye they turn into a Cyclops?

Is that...

I don't think that. I'm not a fucking idiot.

But the extent of your ignorance about Cyclops is...

Well, he's being extremely ignorant about Cyclops.

I apologize for Patton. Patton, I'm going to have to ask you to tone it down a little bit.

No, I understand, but yeah.

If you was a Cyclops and you didn't want people to know you was, I think a real good strategy would be to put an eye patch over the blank place on your head where an eye might plausibly be.

Understand where a second eye might plausibly be.

I'm saying if I was to lift up that eye patch, there wouldn't be a goddamn eye under there.

Did you lift up that eye patch?

Well, now, here's the story.

I could see that son of a bitch scanning around for a rock to smash over my head.

And I said, I don't have time to waste.

You were okay with the rock being smashed over your head.

You just didn't have time for it.

I don't have time to recover from a rock being smashed on my head.

It'd take me an hour, an hour and a half at least.

But anyways, I pulled my six guns and I fired a silver bullet right into his heart.

Dropped that Cyclops down.

And then I'm about getting ready to get out of there, right?

Time to go.

But I did think, well, let me just confirm my suspicions.

And I lifted up his eye patch.

And that son of a bitch had gone to the extent of carving a hole in his goddamn hand and putting in there a fucked up looking eye.

And I thought to myself, this son of a bitch, he's under deep cover as a human.

Going the extra mile.

Going the extra goddamn mile.

Wow.

Incredible.

Where was this? Was this over on Sunset and over across the street over here?

Because I heard a news story about someone with a gun.

Oh, did you?

Well, you know where I was. I was down at Gower Gulch.

Oh, of course. You're always at Gower Gulch.

Spend my time whenever I come to this godforsaken city.

Nice karaoke over there.

It's the only place where I feel at home is Gower Gulch.

Yeah. Well, I would imagine why.

The Denny's there.

Yeah, yeah, yeah. Very, very nice.

Lots of good folks over there at the Denny's.

What do we got? The Denny's, the Thrifties?

Well, since they closed the Pioneer Chicken on Pico, there's really no...

That's the last place.

You got that right.

You can see Morton Downey Jr.'s autograph in the sidewalk.

You know, it's really weird how Dalton's here.

I just rewatched the ballad of Buster Scruggs.

Oh, uh-huh.

You must have loved that.

I cared for it. Yep. I liked it.

You did? You liked that?

There were no monsters in that, as I recall.

No.

So was that factually inaccurate, or is that kind of how the West was?

Well, no. That was, yeah, I mean, chances are...

It's interesting you say there was no monsters in that movie, because I...

You believe there were.

I believe there were.

Where were... I don't remember them.

I don't remember any.

You have to know to look for them.

The fella at the bank was a tin man.

A tin man? What?

He was a tin man.

Is that a type of monster?

Yeah, I didn't know he was...

That's a type of monster.

Is that from Wizard of Oz?

Tin Man?

So Tin Man was a monster?

Yeah, the Tin Man was a goddamn monster.

I just thought he sang and wanted to be in love.

Oh, well, this is a goddamn problem all the time with the movies, gets us back to King Kong.

They are always constantly depicting monsters in movies in various favorable lights and glamorizing the monster lifestyle.

That's a prime example.

I guess the scarecrow would be terrifying if you actually met him.

Try to imagine it for a moment.

You're walking down a brick road of any color, doesn't have to be yellow, but in your imagination you could make of that, and all of a sudden a goddamn man hops off of a pole and he's full of straw?

That's a goddamn monster.

I wouldn't tell him, come with me, I'm going to the green city.

I'd fucking burn him alive.

Wizard of Oz would be very different were you to star in it.

Although I would like to see that movie.

I would love it if you landed in Munchkin Lake, because how would you...

Wow, your journey to Oz would be amazing.

First of all, the Munchkins, just them, you take out your six-shooter.

You wipe out that whole village, right?

Yeah, just genocide of the Munchkin people.

Yeah, I wouldn't have wasted so much time getting around to killing that witch neither.

You seem very concerned about wasting time lately since your last appearance.

Is something going on or...

I'm real busy, I've been busy these days. I've been real busy.

No, but it's more like you don't want to get monsters to jump.

Once you know there's a wicked witch hanging around, you know, you don't goof around.

Who cares who's on whose side, let's just kill them all and let God sort them out.

Precisely. Once that wicked witch shows up and starts talking about my dog, I'm going to kill him.

Do you have a dog? Do you have any pets?

No, I don't have a dog because the chances of a dog, you know, morphing into a vampire are strong.

Right, or merging with some sort of satanic spirits and...

Yeah, unfortunately it just happens. I mean, it doesn't happen every time, but one in ten.

What's the safest pet to own then? What's the pet that's least likely to turn into a monster then?

To be honest with you, there is no... you cannot get rid of the risk that a pet is going to shape-shift into a monster.

Of any kind. You might think... because I had a collection of butterflies at one time and they all turned into monsters.

I just had to tear off their wings one night.

You ever think this has led me to start thinking about Cujo, the satanic dog?

Do you ever think that your truck might be a monster? Like Christine, you know? It's got a flat tire.

I think about it all the time and that's why I leave it locked up every night in a vault.

I keep my truck in a vault. I keep my truck in a truck-sized vault, which I had to make special.

Is this like the Deal or No Deal vault? Or that the banker sits atop?

I'm not familiar. Is that Howie Mandel?

He's not the banker.

Howie Mandel is not the banker.

No, no, no. Although, what a twist that would be if suddenly the very last episode of Deal or No Deal...

He's been the banker all along!

Son of a bitch!

That would be terrifying.

Let's get back to King Kong. What did you want to say about King Kong?

He stole a goddamn woman! What do you mean he didn't do anything wrong?

Son of a bitch stole a goddamn woman for whatever eight purposes he had in mind for her, which, by the way, we never did know. And I'm fine with that. Kill him before we find out what he wants with this woman.

You seem to have a sliding scale of morality, I'd say.

What do you mean by that?

You're stealing the lives of various things that you...

Monsters! I'm killing them! Making the world safe by slaying monsters.

To him, this tiny woman could be a monster.

You're telling me... Boy, you're taking the monster side in this one.

Sure, maybe monsters do regard us as monsters, but it's our job to know we're not! And they are!

Okay, I'm not a monster. I know you're looking at me with a side-eye right now.

Oh, man!

Very suspiciously, you know I'm not a monster. You've been on this show several times.

I think, you know, I have. I've met you a number of times.

If you're a monster, your attack is slow.

The slowest! I mean, you've been on this show now for ten years almost.

I'm playing a very long game.

I'm playing a long game, which I wouldn't put past a monster.

Trying to lure you into a false sense of complacency, perhaps?

Yep.

But no, that's not me. I'm merely a human being.

Ever since the day I came out of my, you know how babies are born, mother's vagina.

Well, it doesn't always go that way, but I understand that's how it went for you.

Oh, yeah, I mean the stomach, yeah, sometimes, yeah.

Well, just to be safe, and no offense, I am going to bury a stake of wood in your heart today.

Please don't! Wait till the end of the show at the very least.

Oh, of course, I will. I'll wait till the end.

Look, Dalton, we need to take a break before we get to why you're here.

That's fine. That's fine.

If that's OK, can you hold on a second? We need to take a break.

When we come back, we'll get...

Look, I don't have a lot of time.

I know, you seem very time efficient.

I'm very rushed.

I've heard about that.

You're sweaty, you're checking your watch.

You better believe it.

Alright, look, we need to calm down a little bit, let the adrenaline fade.

When we come back, we'll have more Patton Oswalt, more Dalton Wilcox.

We'll be right back with more Comedy Bang Bang.

Comedy Bang Bang, we are back here with Patton Oswalt.

Of course, AP Bio comes out this Thursday, March 7th on NBC, the Peacock Network, as far as I'm concerned.

It is and it still is the Peacock Network.

And speaking of peacocks, we have Dalton Wilcox, who is proud as a peacock to kill monsters, along with being the self-proclaimed poet laureate of the West.

Old West or West?

The West!

Just the West, not the Old West.

Old West of all times.

Sometimes I think it's the Old West.

West of the future.

Do you consider Oregon and Washington to be the West?

I do.

Yes, good question.

How far east can we get?

Fresno or Las Vegas?

When does it stop being the West?

Utah, I would imagine, is still the West.

Of course Utah is still the West.

Colorado is still the West, goddammit.

Sure.

New Mexico?

Sure.

Southwest, certainly.

Oh, absolutely!

But I do believe Colorado, the eastern edge of Colorado, that's the end of the West.

The Rockies?

That's the end of the West, my friend.

You like Tex-Mex food?

I like the Tex part.

I tell them a lot of times when I can find myself in a Tex-Mex restaurant, I say, just hold the mix and bring me some tips.

Goddammit.

They always say, I know what you mean.

Never have a problem saying that.

They ever run into trouble with busboys?

Never run into trouble.

No, never run into trouble.

Sometimes.

Now, Dalton Wilcox was just explaining to us about the problems with the King Kong narrative.

And the several remakes.

There's been four Kong films at this point, as far as I know.

Oh, yeah.

And you're not a fan of the monster.

You're not a fan of the films.

Nope.

A giant monkey.

That's pretty frightening.

Yeah.

Think about it.

It's terrifying.

Absolutely.

Yeah, it's absolutely terrifying.

Who's scarier, Godzilla or King Kong?

Well, let's see here.

Who's scarier, Godzilla or King Kong?

I think probably Godzilla, because King Kong, I mean, he would be happy enough just hanging out on his own island.

You need to bring him to civilization.

Whereas Godzilla, just get in the water and come on over and fuck up your town.

Yeah, you don't see King Kong wading ankle deep in the Atlantic Ocean ever.

I don't think he's much of a swimmer, King Kong.

No, I don't think, no, he's too heavy.

He would sink.

I would say, though, I mean, they're big, they're gigantic versions of regular sized animals.

And I would be more- A regular sized Godzilla?

You're saying a regular sized Godzilla?

No, Godzilla is like a lizard, basically, or a chameleon or something like that.

I would be more scared of a monkey because a monkey is known to rip people's balls off.

You don't think Godzilla would rip your balls off?

He would probably try to roast him with that fire breath.

Yeah, it's too big to, that's just too small.

He's got those tiny arms, too.

I don't see, he doesn't have a reach.

I think King Kong would rip your balls off in a second, right?

A giant King Kong would rip your balls off.

Well, that's the thing. You know how you need tweezers in order to get something small, like get a sliver out of your fingernail?

I feel like King Kong would have to get King Kong sized tweezers to ever rip a human being's balls off because they're too tiny.

Also, I don't know why this is, a King Kong or a Godzilla is not anything that Dalton would ever encounter.

You've never run into anything like this.

No, I never have, but I've kept my eye out for him a bunch of times.

Your eye?

What about your eyes?

I've got two eyes. I've got two eyes.

Okay, all right.

I've got one eye.

Very strange. Dr. Freud, your patient is here.

I've got one eye out for King Kongs and Godzillas. My other eye is out for vampires and puppies and franklin.

Okay, so are they looking at the same places or are you sort of cockeyed as you're riding along your horse?

As of now, my eyes generally go and look in the same places, but I'm working on it.

Right.

How do you feel about a movie like Bird Box, which is about monsters that you have to not see them because if you look at them, they kill you?

Is that what Bird Box is about?

That's what I thought.

I assumed it was about the newspaper underneath the cage of a bird or something like that.

Weirdly enough, no, although that would have been an amazing movie.

This was about a, you can't, you have to not look.

Your whole thing is about spotting monsters, so I don't know how you would do in that world.

This is a no-win situation.

You're telling me that looking at this monster kills you?

So what you have to do is not see the monster?

Right.

Fuck it, you're fucked. You're fucked.

What about your other senses? As far as I'm concerned, you have sound.

Oh, sound.

Is that a sense? Sound?

Hear it.

Oh, hear it, yeah.

You got touch.

Yeah, you can touch things.

You have taste. You can taste the monster.

Maybe if you ran around with your eyes closed tasting things, you're like, oh, that's a monster, you can kill it.

Well, listen, I mean, if I had to, if I was reduced to that, I'd surely give it a try, but it makes me worried.

I'd like to lay eyes on that monster before I kill them, I'll tell you right now.

I wonder if monsters have a taste.

Yeah, that's true.

Does a vampire taste different than a human, or how would you know?

Well, Dalton would know.

Yeah, well, look, I mean.

You ever bite into a, or chomp into a vampire? Saying two can play at that game?

I mean, you're asking a question I don't like to answer because, look, it will happen out on the range that you'll encounter a vampire and you'll kill them and then you'll realize, shit.

Provisions are miles and miles away.

Yeah, I'm stuck out here and I didn't bring any beans.

And get a campfire going and you'll eat part, not a whole vampire, but part of them, and it tastes real different from a man. Real different from a man.

Yeah, okay.

In what way do you, like, they'd have a lot more blood in them, I would imagine.

Yeah, well, yep, and they're saltier and, and, and, and, oh, and dustier, older and dustier.

Humans are like 76% water, right?

Humans are delicious.

I wonder if- And a regular human is- What's that?

I say what?

I'd rather, I'm saying I prefer humans to, to a vampire.

You've eaten a regular human?

I just, well, now you're asking me questions I don't like to answer.

You're getting into, there's a lot of things you don't understand about cowboys and I don't know if you're ready to hear them all.

By the way- I'll just leave it at that.

We've been focusing so much on the monsters, we haven't talked a lot about you having sex with holes in the ground as well.

That part of your lore seems to have gone unrecognized in the past, in your past few appearances.

I miss that whole thing.

Oh, yeah, you have a whole poem about, what do you call them? Land?

Land Virginies.

I believe that's probably my most renowned poem.

It's entitled That Lonesome Cowboy, and it is about the cowboy, very common cowboy practice of fucking a hole in the ground.

All cowboys do that.

Do you draw an outline around the hole of like a woman's shape or anything or is it just the hole?

No sir.

Okay.

That'd be weird?

That'd be real weird.

Yeah, I wouldn't do that.

Nope.

You just dig yourself a hole and pour in some water, make it nice and moist.

It's almost like a muddy consistency then, almost like- Yeah, that's silty.

Yeah. You ever heard of a fleshlight?

No, I don't believe I have.

I would say just exchange your six shooters for a fleshlight and you might have a better time out there on the old west.

Can a fleshlight kill a werewolf?

I don't know.

If you jam it into a werewolf hard enough, probably.

Worth a try.

Yeah.

Dalton, why are you here?

Well, yeah, good question. I'm glad you asked me.

Just some of a few updates for my fans, you know?

Okay, thanks. Please come here when you have updates for your fans.

Well, I have to. I have to.

Now, as you might know, I have started a podcast and I did a pilot for it and it's called Bananas for Bonanza.

And each episode we watch an episode of Bonanza and we talk about it.

There's a hell of a lot to learn from each episode of Bonanza about those boys out there in the Ponderosa.

Bonanza, for our listeners who don't remember, it was a western television show that once held the record for the longest consecutive season, something like 20 years.

Let me- 435 episodes of Bonanza.

Which, when you think about it, I made a quarter of that.

Did you?

For Bang Bang. So it's like, it's not that hard.

Yeah, well.

If I just would have worked four times harder.

Yes.

Yep, should have done it.

But anyway, that's my podcast. We did a pilot episode of it and everybody said that it was the best podcast that anybody had ever made in the history of the recorded medium.

And then we did, they gave us a chance to do another one and we did it live. And now there's some rumblings about.

Just like Bill O'Reilly.

Fuck it, we'll do it live.

Are you a fan?

Big fan of Bill.

I bet.

Bill O'Reilly, he's great. I read all his books about killing.

And now there's some talk about us doing it regular and we're in negotiations. I've opened the negotiations in a very reasonable place. I've simply said $1 million per episode.

Is that to cover costs or is that just purely your fee off the top?

Oh, I don't believe there's any cost associated with the podcast at all. It's just a value in the world question.

So it's a million dollars per episode and we're just waiting to hear.

We're waiting to hear back.

Waiting to hear back and my fans get in touch with the Earwolves over there.

Was there any sort of reaction when you said this?

To a million dollars per episode?

Yeah, was there any, did you?

Something was wrong on the phone because I felt like, or something, there must have been something to laugh at in the room where the person was I was talking to because there was a kind of a laughter and argue.

Maybe someone was walking by and slipped on a banana peel.

That must have been it or had a rubber chicken in their pocket.

The funniest of all.

Oh my gosh.

Man oh man. You ever see those schnozes with a pair of glasses on it?

Yeah.

Oh forget it. Forget it. Yeah.

That'll make you laugh.

That will. So a million dollars an episode and you hope to do $434 or three more of them?

$433.

So you hope to have $433 million at the end of this journey?

Well, when you say it like that, it doesn't sound like enough for what we're doing.

Are you comparing yourself to a Bill Gates type or a Mark Zuckerberg type?

Just for hosting a one hour podcast a week?

Well, I'm comparing myself more to like a fellow who strikes oil because I've struck oil with this idea of doing a podcast about Bonanza and I feel like I should be treated like the oil, like the intellectual oil baron that I am.

But like a million dollars an episode. Did you have sponsors lined up? Were there people and products that you were going to be, you know, pushing on the show?

No, there won't be any sponsors.

Oh, you refuse to do commercials?

Hell no. God damn no.

I don't know how anyone's going to recoup this million dollars.

I'm not going to do any god damn commercials.

Hell no.

What would you spend your money on?

What would I spend on?

As far as I know, you have a broken down junkie truck that may be a monster, but that you keep it in a vault.

Yeah.

So you have a lot of your cashflow is going towards this vault, I would imagine.

That's exactly right. Well, I need to, cause this is the problem. Now, a lot of people might say, oh, I like that thing. I will buy that thing.

Yeah, commerce.

Sure. I will say that too.

Capitalism.

Absolutely. And I'm just like that. I will say that. But then I also have to say to myself, I also need a vault to keep it in because it might shape shift into a monster.

Talk about like a fur coat. Who wouldn't like a floor length fur coat?

Sure. Of course.

All right. Now, if you had enough money to buy a fur coat, I know you'd buy it. If I had enough money to buy a floor length fur coat, I'd certainly buy it.

For yourself.

For myself. But then I'd have to god damn lock that in a vault. And now that's a good one because you should have a fur vault anyway. You should have a fur vault.

Right. But I've heard of a fry vault, but a fur vault. But I wonder why not just a storage space?

Because what do you mean a storage space?

Have you heard of these things? It's basically a compound which has various lockers that are, there are various dimensions that get locked up and...

Yeah, I lived in one of those for a couple of years in the 70s. But I'm talking about I want a different vault for every one of my possessions.

Every one of your possessions.

Every single one gets a vault?

Every single one because I don't want them inside the vault together conspiring.

Because they may turn into monsters and you don't want to open up a vault and be outnumbered.

That's precisely correct. When I open up the vault, I only want to be contending with one personal item that has shape-shifted into a monster.

So an anthropomorphized fur coat, one of those you could probably take care of.

Certainly.

Altogether they can like, you're saying they can form an ambush or...

Yep, yep, yep, yep.

Oh boy.

So it's just extra expensive for me to possess things.

So how many vaults do you have? You currently have one with your truck.

I've got a truck vault.

That's a giant vault, by the way.

Extremely expensive.

Is this a rental or is this a...

No, man, I had to have it custom made. My vault guy is just, he's got dollar signs in his eyes.

Your vault guy is salivating at the prospect of this podcast.

Yeah, he is. Well, he's the one really pushing for it.

Oh, is he your agent as well?

My vault guy's my agent.

Yeah, so, you know, we're gonna do it. So my fans can get in touch. I was hoping that you could give out your personal email.

My personal email? No, no.

Yes, for my fans to get in touch and come across with that million dollars.

I don't think we want to do that necessarily. I think your personal email would be fine.

No, no, no. They gotta get in touch with you and everybody at Earwolf.

Oh, I don't have any kind of power regarding...

Tell them to close this goddamn deal for a million dollars.

I don't make any of the money decisions here.

Bananas for bananas.

Yeah, that's not something that... Are you going to give out Patton's email?

That'd be fine. What's your email?

Nope, no thank you. I'm good.

No thank you at what?

Got too much stuff going on.

No thank you at toomuchstuffgoingon.com?

Too much stuff, yeah.

Hit up NoThankYouWithTooMuchStuffGoingOn.com and tell everyone about it.

Send away.

Tell them to goddamn it, million dollars an episode.

Just make the header, I want to go bananas, and we'll know.

Yeah, for one million dollars and not a dollar.

Or just send a banana emoji and we'll know.

Yep. And then the other thing I wanted to tell you, because I've got a beef to pick with you.

Oh, with me personally?

Yes, I have. Because I've been coming on this show and talking about...

I never bring it up. You're the one that always brings up the monsters that I come in contact with.

Well, it's a unique part of your story.

And I don't deny that. That's fine. And I'm more than happy to talk about it, because I'm proud of my work at Slaying Monsters.

However, there has been certain members of law enforcement that now have heard me talk about this over the years.

And everybody tells me they're looking for you, Dalton.

They want to talk to you about...

And I can see it coming already, this Cyclops is currently bleeding out on the side of a road right now.

Somebody's gonna come saying, where is Dalton Wilcox? It's causing me problems.

Yeah, I mean, you have admitted to several felonies on this show.

One earlier, actually. A tow truck driver.

A poor beleaguered Cyclops to you tow truck driver to his family. Or her family. I don't know.

Who knows? But we, uh, I don't believe it's a felony to kill a monster. And I'm not a lawyer, but I don't believe that it is.

But anyway, the point is that the authorities are looking for me almost in every county.

And so I'm here today to announce that I am officially changing my name. The better to elude authorities.

Okay, hold on, hold on, hold on. Before we do this, I want to take a break.

Okay, all right.

Because this is a great tease for people to come back.

Oh, great thing to hang on to.

You're going to be changing your name.

I'm going to change my name. And I know it's going to lead to all kinds of complications.

But you're going to say what the name is on this show.

Yeah, you're going to reveal the name.

Of course I am. Of course I am. I want people to be able to find my books and my podcasts.

You're going to change it on the books?

I'm going to change it. Well, I got to go back and change it on the books.

With like a sticker or something? Or a reprinting? Is that why you said pre-order?

Hadn't gotten that far.

Oh.

Yeah, might as well reprint them.

Okay, great. Well, look, let's take a break. When we come back, this is big news.

You've been on this show for a decade almost, and you are changing your name.

Feels that way.

You don't need to be on this particular episode. You don't need to slam the show in general.

Oh, I see.

Look, all right, let's take a break. When we come back, we'll have more Patton, more Dalton.

We'll be right back with more Comedy Bang Bang.

Comedy Bang Bang, we're back here with Patton Oswalt, AP Bio this Thursday, and also Dalton Wilcox.

And we hyped it up before the break. And I want to hype it up a little more because I think this is monumental.

Uh-huh. I'm glad.

You have been known as Dalton Wilcox lo these many decades.

Ever since I came out of my mama's hand.

Mm-hmm.

You mentioned earlier that it doesn't always, you don't always come out of the vagina, and I thought you were talking about the stomach.

Yeah, like a cesarean. Her hand?

Well, I don't know. I was just a baby at the time, I don't remember, but the story from my family is that my mother cupped her hands together and opened them up and there I was.

Some sort of immaculate conception?

This is the family story. I mean, I don't know.

Was there some sort of, like, was Zeus involved or what?

Or was this like a close-up magic Ricky J kind of thing?

You guys are making too big a deal. It was only that the clouds had parted and a golden ray came down and my mother cupped her hands together and opened them up and there I was.

Okay.

So I don't know why.

Alright.

That is a very intriguing part of your story that has not been mentioned.

Well, as I say, I don't remember it personally. I was literally a baby.

But you've been known as Dalton Wilcox ever since that day and now you are changing your name in order to elude authorities who are putting together the pieces from all of your previous podcast appearances.

Perhaps, have you ever, by the way, I read an interesting article about how the police are now taking 23andMe results of people submit their DNA and they're using this to find previous killers of people.

Have you ever submitted your DNA to any of these tests?

Well, I haven't done that, but I've left DNA in holes in the ground all over the American West.

Oh, that's true.

My DNA is.

So if you ever see a hole in the ground in the West, give it a lick.

You're likely to find some of my DNA in there.

Alright. Now, I cannot hype this any further. We need to hear what your name is. Dalton, what is your new name?

Well, henceforth, for the purposes of eluding and avoiding law enforcement and various ad hoc possies, my name going here forward will be no further Dalton Wilcox, but now instead Walton Dilcox.

You should refer to me as that from now on. And that is what it will say on the books from now on.

And on the podcast, which will henceforth further on be known as Bananas for Bonanza with Walton Dilcox.

Walton Dilcox.

That was the big, that's the big switcheroo. You transposed the first letters. That's how you're going to disappear into the mist?

Yep. Nobody will find me. I mean, I love the idea of those cops showing up at Dalton Wilcox's house only to find another fellow standing there saying, I never heard of him. And that'll be me, Walton Dilcox.

Let me offer a hypothetical for you of what I think might happen when the police show up to a place.

Uh-huh.

I am, let's say that I'm like a Richard Belzer type, right?

Detective Munch.

The Belzer, babe.

Oh, is this in the Munchverse?

The Belzer, babe.

Yes it is. Which is in the X-Files verse.

It is.

The X-Files is in the Munchiverse.

And the Arrested Development is in the Munchverse.

Yeah. So anything can happen. Maybe we, I mean, all these monsters that you seem to encounter, we may be in the Munchiverse with the X-Files being here.

Oh, I wouldn't be surprised.

But say I'm a Richard Belzer type. I come knocking on your door.

Uh-huh. Sure.

And let me just, uh...

Mm-hmm.

Hi, I'm looking for Dalton Wilcox.

Oh, we're gonna role play it now?

Yeah, let's role play it.

Fantastic. Alrighty.

Excuse me. Hello?

Yes, hello!

Hi, I'm looking for Dalton Wilcox.

Oh, I'm sorry. He did used to live here at one time, but you have missed him now. He is gone for all time and eternity. He no longer exists in this world.

Hmm. And what is your name, sir?

My name? Well, I'm pleased to meet you. My name is Walton Dilcox.

Please step inside the car.

I'm not getting this out of any goddamn car. That car could be a monster!

Holy shit, he's got a gun!

Yeah!

Ah!

And then that's it for Belzer.

Okay, well...

I would have shot him.

Maybe we won't send Richard Belzer to the house. He's a precious treasure.

Yeah, he's the national treasure.

He's the bells, babe.

You can't send the bells, babe.

Welcome to.

I also think that if you were to say, hi, say what your name is.

Okay, Walton Dilcox.

Yeah, that's what I said. Dalton Wilcox.

What?

Oh, I see.

I think they would mishear it.

So you're saying...

It sounds exactly the same.

Somebody might say, I'm looking for Dalton Wilcox.

Or just come up and say, hi, I'm Walton.

How do you do? I'm Walton Dilcox.

Oh, Dalton Wilcox, I've been looking for you.

I never heard of that man.

What if they do this to you?

I never heard of that name. Okay.

Sir, your name is Walton Dilcox?

That's correct.

Okay, I thought that would trick him out.

Ah ha ha ha! See that? You can't trip me up that path.

So he's ready on that one. Okay, that's good.

Yeah, I see that.

Can you say your name backwards, by the way? Like Mr. Mixleblakes?

Rumpelstiltskin.

Well, I... so now you are proposing that you change a reprinting of your books.

It's going to have to happen.

And I don't look forward to the expense of that.

And B. Dalton's going to have a fit.

Why do you keep mentioning B. Dalton?

Well, that's where my book publisher told me that my book was available.

I have not been able to find a goddamn B. Dalton.

Yeah, I know.

But I am looking at it.

Are you afraid that the authorities that were aforementioned here on the show, who have been listening and have been tipped off to your proclivities, are you worried that they are going to listen to this episode of the show and now know your alias?

Well, goddamnit. I hadn't thought about that.

When does this one come out?

This is out, it's Monday, yeah. March 4th.

Okay. Well, then the answer is no.

I don't think they will listen to this episode.

Why? I don't know. What do you mean?

I'm just going to make sure, just going to make sure today before I leave here, that what we've done now, we'll never see the light of day.

I don't know how that would be possible.

I mean, we're recording it, we're putting, I mean, there's engineers, there's so many people here.

How many people are here right now?

How many people would you say are here at Earwolf?

I mean, we have several engineers here in the booth.

We have Patton Oswalt here.

I see one, two, three, four. Yep.

Yeah, you're sizing up the entire room right now.

You're squinting your eyes.

I've got 12 silver bullets and there's four people here.

I don't see the problem.

Look, you don't have to shoot us all.

I don't think, I use the word people, but I believe you're all goddamn werewolves.

You think we're werewolves?

Yes, I do.

Why? I mean, look, I'm not furry at all.

I'm relatively hairless.

You're fairly furry. I see some fur.

You're already under suspicion of being a vampire.

You could be a vamp-wolf.

But, I didn't know. How would that work?

A vamp-wolf?

If you're a vamp-wolf, if you turn into a werewolf, then you turn back into a guy and you wake up and it's sunlight, but you're a vampire, you'll dissolve in the sun.

That would be the worst thing in the world.

Hang on, wait a minute. What?

So you're a vampire and you're out and the full moon comes and then you're a werewolf.

You turn into a werewolf.

And then when the full moon goes away, it's daytime.

And you're asleep.

You're asleep.

And suddenly the sun comes out and poof, you're dust.

Well, you get yourself into a goddamn coffin.

Yeah, but you don't have the wherewithal.

Yeah, the werewolf is a wolf.

The werewolf withal.

The werewolf withal to get into a coffin?

Because you're a rampaging monster.

Smart enough to get into a coffin.

Sounds like a vamp-wolf would take care of itself.

That's a problem that would just kind of solve itself.

Yeah, exactly. After one or two of them, it would be like...

Yeah, yeah, you'd be fine.

Yeah, but I don't have time to wait for you vamp-wolves to kill yourselves with your stupidity.

Dalton, what is really going on?

Why are you so rushed today?

I'm going to have to take care of it, goddamn it.

What is going on? Are you...

Because I got a job as an Uber driver.

I got to get back on the ship, goddamn it.

Oh, okay.

All right, you made me say it.

All right.

Because the peak hour is coming up, and I got to get out there because I've wasted so much time here.

In your truck?

Yes, in my truck.

In the truck with the flat tire?

In my truck with the flat tire, and I had a fair that whole time.

Oh, no wonder you wanted him to...

That's why I wanted him to...

Oh, my goodness.

I'm sorry to hear this.

Okay, yeah.

All right.

How many of the people who ride in your Ubers make it to their destination?

Well, they all make it there.

They don't all necessarily make it alive, because actually I believe, well, I believe 100% of them have been monsters.

100%? You have a 100% rating on your passengers.

They're monsters.

Have you rated... Can you rate them as monsters?

Is that on the app for you?

There's not a specific, but when you give them one star, you can give a reason.

And you just have monster.

It's a monster.

Okay.

Those folks will never get a fair again in this town, not only because they're dead.

All right, look, we're running out of time.

We need to go to our final feature on the show, and it's a little something that we call Plugs.

Oh.

It's time for Plugs.

Tell us what you've got going on.

I want to know, I wrote this song.

Please play along.

Tell us what you've got going on.

Oh, nice.

That was I Want to Know by Elijah Stoll.

Thank you, Elijah Stoll, for that wonderful Plugs theme.

And let's plug it up.

Patton, what do you got here?

Well, this Thursday, March 7th, season two premiere, AP bio on NBC.

And then this Sunday, the 10th, I'll be at the Largo.

Patton Oswalt and Friends.

And any, when's Modoc come out?

Is that down the line?

Yeah, Modoc, we are just now putting the room together, and we'll start doing that later.

Are you drawing it yourself?

Yes, I'm drawing it.

What we're doing is we got some old Stephen King novels, the really thick ones, It, and The Shining, The Stand, and we're just going to do it in the corners.

Oh, good.

Yeah, yeah.

That's amazing.

Dalton, what do you like to vlog?

Well, I have some exciting things to plug, because I don't believe I've ever mentioned this on the air before, but there was a cowboy poet by the name of Dalton Wilcox, who- We all know we've been listening to the show.

Have you heard of that guy?

Yes, well- Well, that guy managed to get himself banned from almost every cowboy gathering in the nation for various stupid reasons.

But I, Walt and Delcox, have carte blanche to attend any of them.

So I will be attending the Elko, Nevada Cowboy Poetry Gathering, and that is weekend of March 8th and 9th.

Oh, wow.

Okay.

So you'll catch me, Walt and Delcox.

They'll catch you?

No, if you come to me, but why am I plugging in?

Nobody's going to hear this, and you guys will all be dead.

What stage are you going to be on?

How many stages are there at Cowboy Fest?

Yeah, well, there's a bunch, but I'm going to be out of the chili cook-off stage.

Oh, chili cook-off stage.

Are you cooking chili?

No, I'm not cooking chili.

I am entertaining the people who are competing in the chili cook-off with my cowboy poet.

Only the people who are competing in the chili cook-off.

How many people would that possibly be? 15?

Well, it depends what time of the day you get there, because they get whittled down through the day.

You don't know anything about a goddamn chili cook-off, do you?

And what time are you performing?

I am performing, I believe they've got me up at 11.30 PM.

Okay, there's only going to be two people watching you.

Wow.

They might have declared a winner by then.

Why don't they let the other people coming to the festival watch you?

You just go into a room with the people competing?

At the chili cook-off stage.

It starts off early in the day with about 100 different competitors, and by the end of the day, there's only one person allowed at the chili cook-off stage.

Wow.

I want to plug, you know, the Comedy Bang Bang TV show is out there on Netflix.

If you're in the U.S., all 110 episodes, some really fun ones.

Patton's on one, and I believe, Dalton, you went on one.

That's right, I was on there.

It's one of the shows that got me in trouble.

Or no, that's one of the shows that got Dalton Wilcox in trouble.

Oh.

You're going to have to get better at this.

I've never been on the Comedy Bang Bang TV show.

All right, let's close up the old plug bag.

♪ Close your eyes and open up that bag ♪ ♪ Close your eyes and open up that bag ♪ ♪ You gotta get those eyes closed ♪ ♪ Get them, get them, open them bags ♪ ♪ Get them, get them, get them ♪ ♪ Don't be closing, don't be closing ♪ ♪ Open up and let's get loaded ♪ ♪ Let's get loaded, open up the bag ♪ ♪ Open up the bag, open up the bag ♪ ♪ Open up the motherfucking bag ♪ ♪ Open up the bag, open up the bag ♪ ♪ Open up the bag, open up the bag ♪ I had a couple of weeks where I liked it.

Now I think I'm back to not like, I don't know, but it's not as bad as when we first made it.

I don't know, I'm still up in the air regarding it.

What do you guys think of that?

That is the definition of a crescendo.

That thing builds.

Are we about to play Would You Rather?

No, we're not, no, no, no.

We have to close it up, unfortunately.

Patton, I want to thank you so much for coming back.

Scott, thanks for having me.

You're welcome anytime.

I love this show.

Dalton, what are you reaching for there?

I'm just loading up my guns.

You're loading up your guns, look.

I'm just putting my bullets in the chambers.

This is gonna, I, I...

What?

Don't beg, don't make a fool of yourself.

Please, man, I'll suck your dick.

Take it like a man.

I'll suck your dick, please don't.

Please don't do this.

Well, well...

Please.

No, it ain't worth it.

Please.

No, I mean, I'd like to get my dick sucked, but if the cost of it is that the law is gonna catch me under my new name, it ain't worth it.

All right, look, I'm gonna run out of here before you can catch me.

You can't run faster than that, boy!

All right, we'll see you next time.

Thanks, bye!
