♪ Comedy Bang Bang ♪ If I'm allowed to ramble, making candles is a gamble.

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

Uh-huh.

Thank you to Ping Pong Singalong for that catchphrase submission.

Thanks to them.

And thanks to you for listening.

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang for another edition.

And boy, what a show we have.

A little later, we have a singer.

That would be great to get a little music here on the show.

We haven't had a band or a singer here in a long time, so we'll be talking to them.

Also a businesswoman.

Oh, wow, that's exciting.

A woman who's involved in business.

I don't know whether that is in the imports or the exports, the buying, the selling, but we certainly will find out about that.

But before we get to them, we have someone who is similar to a singer, also in the field of arts and entertainment.

She is the writer, creator, star, producer, maybe something else.

I don't know, you have any other jobs on this show?

You write any songs for it or?

I'm hoping after today, after meeting the singer.

Really?

Yeah, let's make sure that we have all of our musical guests critique your singing.

So if you just load those up, yeah.

Oh, I'll be singing?

Make sure it's public domain as well, like Camp Town Races, something like that.

So just- Obviously you're familiar with my work.

Just get that in the chamber.

She is, all of these things on her own television show, I'm Sorry, which the season finale of which is on this Wednesday on TruTV.

I don't even know what time, I'm assuming.

It's gotta be close to midnight, 11.59 PM or something, because it's such a dirty, dirty show.

But please welcome back to the show, our friend Andrea Savage.

Hello.

Hello, Scott.

So nice to see you.

It's nice to see you as we say, off the set.

Yeah, that's right.

We have not seen each other off the set.

As a matter of fact, as I've hyped on this show many times, I had a three episode arc on the show, a mini arc as they call it.

I wouldn't call it- A maxi arc?

I'd call it a maxi arc.

Okay.

On the show, and Andrea and I never spoke off set because we were in character the entire time.

Obviously.

Your character is very based on yourself, as was mine.

I was gonna say, but weirdly our characters were friends, but in real life.

It's not great. Bitter enemies.

It's not great.

Not good stuff.

So we wanted to get back on mic so we could have another conversation, which we're doing right now.

Right.

And it's going gangbusters.

Semi successfully.

I'd say semi successfully.

It's going Ghostbusters.

I wanna- Instead of gangbusters, I wanna say Ghostbusters now, because we're finally giving it back to the fans, as Jason Reitman said.

I feel a connection with you again.

I'd like to do an all male reboot of your show.

By the way, I feel like that's what people want.

People are like, listen, the woman had a window.

Let's give it back.

Even the male parts, I want them to be male as well.

I don't know who you're insulting, who that was an attack on.

I may be thinking- Because you're one of the male parts.

Right, yeah.

Oh, I see what you're saying.

All the male parts I wanna be male, all the female parts I wanna be male.

Got it, got it, got it.

Yeah.

I may be just thinking of queer as folk.

Or queer eye for the straight guy.

That's right, straight guy for the queer eye.

Squeeze.

What if there's a show where it was like, parading straight guys in front of queer guys, and it's like, do you like them?

Isn't that just when gay men go to breakfast?

That's just like, you know.

That's just what happens.

That's just what's happening.

You're strutting by them, even if you don't know that you do, and you're being judged, so.

This is the type of humor that you'll see on I'm Sorry.

It's not the type of humor for this show, but it certainly is the type of humor that's on I'm Sorry.

Andrea, for those of us who have not seen the show, talk about it a little bit.

What is the premise of it?

And what's up with the season finale this Wednesday?

The premise is a very basic premise.

It's, I play a version of myself, which is a- An alternate universe version.

An alternate version universe, because I live in the Hollywood Hills, but my character lives in Sherman Oaks.

Oh, interesting.

Okay, so a lot of differences here.

So a lot of differences.

Do you have an alternate last name as well?

I do, yeah.

Okay, so this is a universe where you were born to the same parents, because I don't think that your body would be different in this alternate universe, but your parents somehow were named a different name.

Well- Because most alternate universes are there because of choices that people make in the world.

First of all, I don't know why you assume you are the expert on what the rules of alternate universes are, and you're the one who's set.

Okay, well school me.

Okay.

What are alternate universes to you?

And there's so many, it's like the amount of stars in the universe.

Yeah, an infinite amount.

An infinite amount of alternate universes.

As many Scrabble games as there are in the world, that's how many uni- Do you think there's ever been a Scrabble game that's exactly the same words in exactly the same places?

Oh, Dare to Dream.

Oh, God.

Let's play so many games and let's see what happens.

I don't enjoy Scrabble.

You don't, why not?

You're not smart?

It's too slow.

Too slow, gotta go.

Too slow of a game.

Words with friends, not interested.

Not interested.

But if you give me a Boggle app.

So that is a word-based game.

It's a fast, it's a very fast word-based game.

You like the fast pace.

I like the fast pace.

If you need to know anything about me, whoever's listening.

You like everything fast paced.

I like everything real fast.

Wham bam, thank you, madam.

Mm-hmm.

You are more of a basketball fan than a baseball fan, I would imagine.

Oh, God.

Well, now we've got, we have asterisks.

Yeah.

Oddly.

Do you like baseball?

I do like baseball, actually.

I think baseball would be great if they had to bounce it the whole time.

Like basketball.

Well, then that would.

Like the pitcher was there bouncing it and then picked it up and threw it.

Okay.

That would be good.

This is a good game.

Is the ball still the same?

Yes, it does not bounce.

Well, then by the way, that would be a good game because it's very hard to bounce a baseball.

So the people who could do it would be great.

Yes, that's why.

I would say, pay them all these millions of dollars if they can bounce it.

By the way, I feel like then I'd have a shot.

Yes, exactly.

Put women in the game.

This is what we're trying to say.

Yes, this is what the premise of my show is.

Get more women in baseball. R.I.P.

Penny Marshall, exactly.

No crying in base.

Basketball.

So tell us about, you play an alternate universe.

So I play an alternate version of me.

It's basically, I mean, it's just a lady who's getting through life.

You know, I'm a mom, I'm a wife.

I write comedy in the show.

It's interesting that you define yourself in your relationship to other people.

I'm a wife, I'm a mom.

Interesting.

Yeah.

I don't know who I am if I'm not defined by friend, daughter, and women.

Yeah, that's true, daughter.

Daughter to my mom.

And, but it's sort of, I would say, people compare it to a curb tone.

Curbed.

Curbed tone.

Curbed L.A.

Curbed L.A., you get food real fast.

Okay.

And you kinda just have to see it.

I'm not really selling it great.

Let me try to see if I can do it.

The misadventures of Andrea, I don't know what your last name is, Brockmire or something like that with it.

Warren.

Andrea Warren, who traverses across life as if she is thumbing her nose at the establishment.

No.

No?

What establishment am I?

I'm married and I have a child?

I'm like the most established.

You're a protester, a Vietnam protester.

Yes, obviously.

If anyone knows anything else other than I'm like, everything's fast.

It's set in the 60s, the Summer of Love.

Summer of Love.

I assumed because I- I start out because I'm a child of the 50s, so I've always been sort of conservative, but then as the world of the 60s starts encompassing around me, I can't- Free love.

Free love, it's like I've never been able to express myself sexually or experiment with drugs.

So anytime anyone watches a scene in this, we should assume you just had sex right before the scene.

Yes, but not with my husband.

Right, exactly.

And without using- Protection.

Protection or cleanse, like I've just- I maybe didn't shower for days.

Or without using soap.

Yeah, yeah.

Yeah, soap and protection.

The two things that go hand in hand with sex.

I don't know why I imagined a lot of sex in the 70s to be smelly.

I don't, you know, I have to confess I never had sex in the 70s, so I don't really know.

I didn't either.

Yeah, it would be weird if we had.

By the way, if I had, that'd be a real sad, that I would have been aggressively molested.

Yeah, aggressively, yeah.

Is there a- What do you think of this leaving Neverland?

And I say that knowing the MJ squad is gonna come out in force for me even mentioning it.

Oh, by the way, yeah, I feel like you just put your whole family in danger.

I know.

I haven't seen it, but I feel like it's not great.

Yeah, not good situations.

But I also am like, didn't we all know this?

Like, that's the thing.

We all kind of, yeah.

But still there's people that are like, I just don't want.

Somebody literally said to me the other day, is it bad that I don't wanna watch it cause I don't wanna ruin his magic for me?

And I was like- And they pronounced it ruin.

Fuck off.

I know, but that's the thing.

And I've said this many times.

My theory is you can enjoy any of an artist's work that they make up to the point you find out.

You know what I mean?

So Thriller- Well, that's what I said to him.

Thriller's still fine.

Baby Driver's still fine with Kevin Spacey.

Like everything's good pre-finding out.

And then anything they make after we find out.

So R. Kelly, I can still listen to the remix to Ignition.

Okay.

And it's fine because I didn't know anything about R. Kelly before then.

But after I find out, if I start listening to his music now- This is the most inane argument.

This is a ridiculous, ridiculous argument.

It absolves you- It should taint everything that you know.

But what are you gonna turn your back on?

The Beatles?

Are you never gonna listen to the Beatles ever again?

What did the Beatles do?

Oh, come now who's being naive?

Me.

You, yes.

Very much me.

You know, there's- Listen, my brother peed next to Michael Jackson.

Peed?

Yes.

I thought you said my brother peed.

No, my brother's not named Pete.

He peed next to Michael Jackson.

He peed next to him, really?

Did he see the underside of his penis?

By the way, I was very, I have so many questions that I wish the eight year old me could have known to ask.

Cause my brother was- Really, you were eight years old.

I was eight, he was like 11.

Okay.

And he was going to a camp and Michael Jackson's- Called Neverland.

Called Neverland.

And my parents were just like, listen, this is a big opportunity for us.

And- Break into the biz.

Let's break into the biz.

Your sister's gonna have a show based on this.

Exactly, in 40 years.

So, no, he was, he went to a day camp and I guess some relative of Michael Jackson's was there.

And- Are we talking?

Jemaine.

Tito.

I'm not loving your impressions, first of all, just for the record.

Okay, I'm just trying them out.

No, no, no, and I'm just giving you immediate feedback.

All right, good, good.

The initial response is not positive.

And anyway, all I know is afterwards he was like, oh my God, I went to the bathroom and I peed next to Michael Jackson, which at the time was the biggest deal.

The biggest story, yeah, breaking news.

We've been telling this, by the way, my brother is, we've been telling this story, my family, it's been a story for close to, I mean like 35 years.

And now it has all these ominous overtones.

And now all I wanna know is the color, like what coloration, like was there issues- Was his penis getting some stray looks?

I don't, I also wanna know, was it childlike or was it adult?

I don't know why that's an important- The actual penis size.

Yes, because you can't sit there and go, he was just a kid, he was a child and he just liked to hang out with these kids, whatever.

If he has a grown man's penis.

Or even worse, a horse-sized penis.

Can you imagine that?

I can't.

I don't think he'd be able to dance.

I don't think he'd be able to do that moonwalk if it was flapping around like that.

You can strap it down and moonwalk, trust me.

You think when you watch the Motown 35th anniversary or 25th anniversary, I don't remember, concert, you think that he strapped his penis to the side of his leg, like as some sort of scabbard?

I didn't assume it was this, I don't know why I didn't assume it was to his leg.

I've assumed he strapped it up.

You think he's strapping it to his chest?

Yeah, I assumed strapped it up and I don't know why.

Well, he's got the jacket.

Anytime he does that move or he slaps his arm to his chest.

He's just slapping the tip of his penis?

Maybe, maybe that's what he likes.

Michael Jackson fans don't come at us, but these are our theories.

We're wondering if anyone, we're interested in what went down with Michael Jackson, especially the strapping his penis down.

There's a lot of questions.

And again, I just wish, if I've won, you know where people are like, if you could go in a time machine and go back in time, I would go back to when I was eight and my brother saw Michael Jackson pee.

And you would be like an observer.

You'd have to dress up like a janitor, a male janitor with a fake mustache or something.

There's so many other things.

Like I literally could put on, probably cut my hair real short and just walk in normal.

And they would have thought I was a boy, I was eight.

No, but you're traveling back in time from now.

But don't I, oh.

Are you trying to say that when you travel back in time, you travel back to the age that you were?

You know what, it's very early in the morning.

I know I've been ill.

That actually is like the quantum leap sort of theory on time travel that, some would say that we're all time travelers.

We're just moving forward.

Who, who says this?

Me.

Anyway, you were on my show.

Yes, I'm sorry.

And delightful.

Thank you very much.

I had a fantastic time and I thought you were so funny.

Thank you so much.

We have a scene that has been people, some of people's favorites of the, of the bit that goes too far.

Yes, right.

Where you and I witness the characters that Paul Scheer and Rob Hubel play of a bit that goes too far.

I've heard a lot about this episode.

Have you not seen it?

I have not seen it.

I've been working on my other job, unfortunately, but in watching The Bachelor.

Oh, okay.

So I chose The Bachelor instead of your show, sorry.

Fine, that's totally fine.

I can't pretend that I haven't watched any TV.

No, of course, because that would be ridiculous.

When I get home from a day of work of having to listen to myself talk, the last thing I want to do is watch myself talk.

I am, I'm with you on such a hard level, but anyway.

But I hear it's great.

I'm getting a lot of feedback.

People love the show.

You tagged me on a Twitter thread talking about the season and every day it seems someone writes to you saying how much they love the show.

So every day I get a message about how great the show is.

So I'm, people really, really seem to like it.

People have been really, really liking it.

I know I didn't sell it very well, but it's got a lot of people that people like on it.

Yeah, but who cares about them because you're the star.

Well, I care, I mean, I care about them.

Yeah, sure, you got your Rob Hubel, you got your Paul Scheer, you got your Adam Scott.

Yeah, Alison Tolman.

Alison Tolman, I took a van ride with her.

What?

Yeah, amazing.

Against your will?

Like she like lured you into a van?

Put a hood over my head.

I woke up, it was like Narcos.

Yeah, yeah, yeah, that's tough.

Another show I've been watching instead of yours.

Instead of mine, I get it.

That's totally fine.

So season finale.

Season finale's this week.

This week.

Yep, on Wednesday.

What happens is does everyone die?

What?

There actually is about a death.

And so there is an element of death in this episode.

There's also a big reveal of a runner that people probably didn't even know was a runner that I'm very excited about.

Great.

Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.

Okay.

And I think, you know, the last, second to last word is, or is the, which is important.

The word dick and butt are in the last line.

The word dick and butt.

I was like that.

Are you talking about Dick Buttkiss or is this?

You have to watch.

Okay, great.

You have to watch.

What if the last line of the show was Dick Buttkiss, too bad he died, that's the end.

By the way, that is something that actually would be on my show, something like that.

So I'm very excited.

The season has gone really well.

You coming back?

What's up?

Can't talk about it.

I didn't get a lot of closure in my arc, I have to say.

No, you didn't.

But I took that as a good sign of next season that focus of the show shifts a little over to your coworker, your funny coworker, who has a dream and maybe edges out his companions a little bit and goes off on some adventures himself.

By the way, that would be so much more relaxing for me.

I'm sure it would.

I'm like, why did I write a show where I'm in every scene?

Yeah, you have to show up in makeup at like 5 a.m.?

I mean, it's crazy.

It's crazy.

Day after day after day.

I got out of five years of that.

You don't wanna do this.

Just shift it over to another guy.

Shift it on over.

By the way, I'd love to if you're a Vails, let me know.

I'm tech avail, but I'm offer only.

Well, you're already in it, so I'm not gonna make you audition.

That would be so strange.

Yeah, what if I had to audition for the second season?

You're like, okay.

We saw a little bit of what you could do, but we really need to see.

Do you mind preparing a dance and a song?

Just 16 bars.

Oh, a song and a dance, man.

A Shakespearean monologue.

Sounds like a great night.

You can binge watch, because it is on TruTV, you can stream season one right now on Netflix as well.

Netflix has season one, so binge watch an episode.

Sure, binge watch Half and Up and see what you think.

15 minutes.

15 mins.

Good 15 min binge.

15 min bin.

And then season two will, I don't have the date of when that will come on Netflix.

And I get asked that a lot.

Six months around.

Six months after the finale.

Yeah, yeah, that's what I'm hearing.

So, but check it out on TruTV this Wednesday.

It's a great show.

Support it.

You can watch it on demand.

If you love comedy, it's an important show to support.

And you know, because it's hard out there for comedies.

It's hard out there for comedies, guys.

And I will say, this is a show where they let me do the exact show that I wanted to do, beginning to end.

So if you don't like it.

And supported me from the beginning.

Honestly, if you do not like it, you can blame me 100%.

But if you like it, no one helped.

I did it by myself.

There are a few shows, few shows like that.

And I would talk about that about Bang Bang a lot.

Yes.

By the middle of the second season or the third season or whatever, they let me basically just turn in the show.

And if you wanna see a show that a person just is like allowed to do whatever they want, those are cool shows to watch.

Because most things have a level of compromise in them.

There's a lot of compromise.

Yeah, but this is not that.

They're so supportive of you. Really from the beginning.

And they love what you do.

And they just, they let you do whatever you want to do.

They let me do what I wanna do.

Which is, in comedy and in anything, is really rare.

Exactly.

With not a lot of cooks in the kitchen.

So again, if you like it, I did it all myself.

By the way, I have some notes for the rest of the program for you.

So yeah.

Which speaking of which, we do need to get to our first other guest, our second guest.

Yeah, our second guest.

It would be a better way to say that.

Do you like music?

I love, yeah.

Love music.

You've been working on your song?

Running it over while you've been talking?

A Canton Racist?

Yeah.

Mm-hmm.

Are you able to pull up the lyrics for me?

Because if not, I'll just have to go rogue.

I would imagine it's something to the effect of Camp Town Races, here we go, doo-dah, doo-dah.

But then what's the next line?

Camp Town Races, here we go again, doo-dah, doo-dah.

And just, here we go for the third time.

Yeah, so we'll have a little audition.

I am very much looking for, I'd love to hear some music.

I feel like I've been busy.

I haven't been able to listen to as much music.

So I'm looking forward to- Some new music.

Some new music to meet a new artist?

This, our upcoming guest here, let's introduce him.

He is, he's not the most new of artists.

He's a little bit established.

He looks familiar.

He played, I think he played Coachella, although it could, I saw a documentary about him and I'm not quite sure where it was set, whether it was in New York or Los Angeles.

Maybe we can get some clarity on that.

Yeah.

But he is a singer of note and a songwriter.

Please welcome to the show, Jackson Bain.

How are you doing, Scott?

It's good to be here.

I'm doing great.

It's a- Nice to meet you, young lady.

Oh, very nice to meet you.

Yeah.

What a gorgeous voice.

I know, what a- Well, thank you.

I'd be in trouble if I didn't have one, huh?

That's what I always say.

That's all I got at the end of the day is my voice.

Jackson Bain, it's so great to meet you.

I mean, you are such a force in, what would you call your genre?

Country?

Country music, Americana, basically, yeah.

Okay, yeah.

So the traditional roots music, but updated for a new sound.

Sure.

You know, somewhere in between a little bit of both.

I don't need to be labeled categorized.

Okay, sorry.

Put in the corner.

Yeah, all right, yeah.

Different albums, I'll focus on different stuff.

I have a rockabilly album.

I might- Really, like the Stray Cats?

Yeah, yeah, sure, stuff like that.

I got a Ska album.

You have a Ska album?

A Ska album?

Yeah, you know, Willie Nelson gets to try different shit.

Why can't I?

Yeah, he did the whole Stardust thing using American standards.

Exactly.

But Ska seems a little outside of the wheelhouse.

Our house in the middle of the street.

Okay, maybe I spoke too soon.

By the way, you spoke real bad.

Do you do things like pick it up, pick it up, pick it up?

Anything like that?

Yeah, it's more of a boom checker.

Boom checker, okay, great.

Yeah, you put your own stamp on it.

Pick it up, pick it up, pick it up.

Great.

Amazing.

I have to say, there's something about that voice that is very sexual.

Very deep and sultry.

Like it's sultry, right?

Well, thank you very much.

There's something about it that- I don't really use that voice much when I sing actually.

Yeah, I know.

It's like an imitation of an imitation of someone famous.

I don't know what you mean by that, but- I don't know, it's just like, it just popped in my mind.

So yeah, when you sing, it's more of a reedy tenor.

Well, thank you very much.

I actually, I don't, you know, the movie came out about my life.

Yeah, let's talk about the movie, the documentary that I saw.

That's how most people know me that aren't into country music.

Yeah, the documentary that we saw- I will admit that is how I know you.

Yes.

That is, yeah.

It came out around the fall of last year.

It was called A Star Is Born.

Yeah, that's right.

And it focused on you, but you were not the titular star.

No, I was the one who borns the star, I guess you could say.

Right.

Allie was the person who put the tit and titular in terms of star, as well as that bathtub scene.

Yeah, well, slow down.

Slow down.

Am I going too fast?

Yeah.

So now I saw this movie and it focused on you and your patronage of Allie, who was an up and coming pop singer.

Yeah, yeah.

Lady Gaga and Bradley Cooper, they did a really bang up job.

I'm really proud of Bradley and what he did.

When he invited me over to his house a couple of years ago, to discuss this idea of doing a biopic about my life and this particular story.

Biopic is how you pronounce it.

Interesting.

How do you say it?

Biopic, like biography picture.

Yeah.

People say words in different ways, Scott.

You don't always have to call it out.

Sure, some are incorrect, some are correct.

What do you think about that, Adrienne?

He called you out earlier on the show and I found that disrespectful.

You were in a flow.

Yeah.

Didn't you feel like you were in a flow?

Sometimes with Scott, you do feel like you're in a flow and then suddenly the flow stops.

Yeah.

I thought the way you pronounced it was just really sexual, like just again, just something about that voice.

It's biopic.

It sounded like it was thrusting into my ears.

It was thrusting into me.

Yeah.

Not my ears, but other- Oh, other orifices.

Biopic.

Yeah, oh God.

Yeah, it's a story about me, this.

So it was not a documentary, it was a fictionalized account about your life.

Yeah, they took boy out of class and I was okay with that.

You know, sometimes tell a story, I do that.

But the basic story of when I, back in the nineties, when I was at the peak of my stardom, I was one night in a bar and I saw this girl singing who had a really large nose, unfortunately size, a large nose that was keeping her from being a star.

Oh, that's- It didn't seem like that was the focus of the film.

Well, he said they took some poetic license, so maybe that's- It was the, I actually have the script right here if you guys want to read the scene.

Yeah, oh, you're going to your- Cause I thought it was just, she wasn't able to break through people.

Yeah, she hadn't been seen.

Oh yeah, okay.

Oh my goodness.

Go to page 19.

Okay, here we go.

We have homework suddenly.

Page 19, oh.

Okay, let's just do this scene, you be highly- Where would you like to start?

The start, the top of 19.

Okay.

Can I ask you a personal question?

Sure.

Do you write songs or anything?

I don't sing my own songs.

Thank you, why?

I just, I just don't feel comfortable.

Why wouldn't you feel comfortable?

Well, cause like almost every single person I've come in contact with in the music industry has told me that my nose is too big and that I won't make it.

Your nose is too big?

Yeah.

Your nose is beautiful.

Now I wanna read the action here.

She turns her head profile, he takes his finger and runs it down from her forehead over her nose down to her chin.

Are you showing me your nose right now?

Yeah.

You don't have to show it to me.

I've been looking at it all night.

Oh, come on.

No.

Okay, we can end this scene there.

Oh.

Are you telling me on page 20 where the whole action of the whole movie picks up this movie isn't about her nose and her overcoming her nose to become a star?

I agree that I guess I forgot about that scene because it didn't seem like the movie was about it.

It just seemed like- So some guy starts dragging his finger down a woman's nose and that didn't seem odd to you?

Look, I- It defined my life.

It is a little weird that it's in the script.

When I watched it, I thought it was maybe just something he did.

Some impromptu thing.

No, Bradley and I worked on that.

And I insisted on it.

And in fact, he didn't go- How did you work on it?

It's my life.

We went back and forth with the script.

Did you drag your fingers across each other's noses?

Actually, I did, Scott, to tell him how it went with Ally and I the first time I did it.

And in fact, it went a little further and he left that part out of both the song, Shallow and the movie.

And I felt that was a mistake that kept them from getting the Oscar.

How did it go further?

What do you mean it went?

Yeah, I have questions about that.

Did you see the movie?

I did.

Okay, so you remember he traces her nose- Lovingly.

And we just read from the script.

Yeah, I just read page 19 over to 20.

We'll assume you guys had forgotten before I made you read it.

Yeah, I guess I did.

I had- It's good to read it already.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Okay, well then in real life, what happened when it actually happened is I stuck my finger up in her nose.

Oh.

Right up in it.

Her nostril.

What was your intention in the moment?

To show her that it- Have you ever taken a been in a relationship with your husband in the early days, maybe when you're dating and there came a moment where you're like, I'm gonna leave the bathroom door open and let him watch me wipe my asshole.

That's how much I love him.

I don't, to me it always seems like an unfortunate byproduct of just sharing space.

I think normal people out there relate to what I'm talking about.

Middle America, not you L.A. type.

I just, I have, sorry, I don't wanna harp on this again, but I just love clever, so you stuck your finger in Ally and then later Bradley Cooper's nose to equate the same feeling of comfortability and letting loose with someone when you wipe your butt.

Has someone ever that you loved vomited and you held their head and wiped the vomit?

You don't care about the vomit, right?

You can look past these things.

I agree.

Like, just- But you did.

You ever have a booger in your lover's nose and you're like, let me get that.

I don't know.

That's a bridge too far for me because I was always told that you could pick your friends, you could pick your nose, but you can't pick your friend's nose.

Stop it, stop it.

That's the way I was raised.

I also feel like all of these- You've never been in love, in my opinion.

But all of these are examples of when something happens and you have to navigate around it, you instigated the finger up in the head.

That was me showing her, I don't care how big your nose is, I'll stick my finger all the way up it and not just in the shallow end.

Oh, this is where it ties into the song.

This is where the song came from.

Well, she based her song on the lyrics of my original song, so there was a difference and I feel like she watered it down and took the story out of it.

Will you want me to sing it?

Yeah, I'd love to hear some music.

And this is an Academy Award-winning song, so I would love to hear it.

This is the original song, the original version.

Yeah, it was called Shallow End of Your Big Nostril to Originally.

Oh my, that's long.

Interesting.

That's a longer title.

All right, well, this is Jackson Maine singing the original version.

Country songs usually don't have just one word.

This is like toes or chiggers or chicken fried.

Chicken fried is one.

That's two words.

Well, it's a hyphenate.

Okay.

Depends where it's rest right here in.

All right.

Yeah.

Here we go.

This is the original version of the show.

And like I said, I wanna commend Bradley Cooper for portraying me in a realistic way of having a gruff voice when he talks, but then a nice singing pretty voice when he sings completely different voice.

That's how I am.

It would be very difficult to sing with the rough gravelly voice, especially if it weren't your real voice.

Well, most country music singers actually do.

They sing with the same voice they talk with, but not me and Bradley Cooper, not either.

Like actually my new album, I use a Fred Schneider voice on a lot of my songs.

I don't see why you- Fred Schneider from the B-52s.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

We're going to the county fair.

Everybody get into the back of my pickup truck.

Here we go to the county fair.

I mean, there's a certain point where imitation sort of becomes biting someone's style.

It's just singing in different ways.

He's from Athens, Georgia, old Fred.

Sure.

So he's a Southern gentleman.

Yeah, so we all kind of have similar dialects, wave.

But it's completely different.

What about my song, Pop Top?

What did I step on?

Oh, oh, oh, it's a pop top.

It's a pop top.

I stepped on a pop top.

It's in my heel.

Will it ever heal?

Not bad, actually.

We're the B-52s to sing that.

I was going to say, it's not bad for an impression, but not, I don't think you should naturally just be using- That's not an impression.

That's just my singing voice.

For that style.

Well, let's hear the singing voice for this- These jeans are getting long.

It's time to make some cutoffs.

Everybody get mama's sensors.

Wait, the jeans are getting long?

The jeans have grown?

I have never known jeans to grow like fingernails, but I guess I haven't paid attention to them.

I have had to make jeans into cutoffs, I guess, but not because they got too long.

That was in the middle of the song.

It was about my brother had come home from war and lost his legs.

Oh!

This makes sense now.

My fans understood their context.

Then the jeans are long.

My brother's feet got cut off in war.

So his jeans are long.

They're getting longer.

That's the part I don't understand, the getting longer.

Kate Green sitting in, you gotta- Oh, and the limbs are receding.

So it appears, it's just the jeans appear to get longer, but it's really that flesh is receding.

Yeah, yeah.

Okay, let's hear this.

Let's hear this original version of Shallow.

Gotta figure out which voice I'm gonna use.

♪ Tell me something, girl ♪ ♪ Are you happy with your big old nose ♪ ♪ Or do you avoid mirrors ♪ ♪ Is this the reason that you're not a star ♪ You see how my lyrics are more on point?

What did you say?

Do you avoid mirrors?

Mirrors.

Okay, Scott, tell me how to say mirror, right?

No, no, I just didn't hear it, right?

I thought you said meadows, so I was a little- Do you yell that out during concerts and middle songs?

Hey, you didn't say that right.

Rewind.

God forbid they say ruined.

Exactly.

Because he ruined the concert.

This is the part where I'm telling her I ignore her big nose.

♪ I'm ignoring ♪ ♪ Your big old nose don't matter to me ♪ ♪ I find myself ♪ ♪ Listening to your voice instead ♪ ♪ I ignore the big nose on your head ♪ Now this is when she comes in.

She's touched by this.

First she touches her stomach like Lady Gaga did.

Did you guys notice that?

I didn't. When she's overcome.

She touches her stomach when- She touches herself like, oh, I'm overcome.

Oh, okay.

♪ Tell me something, boy ♪ Oh, that's Ally?

Yeah.

Okay.

I'll just sing it my normal way.

♪ All you're trying ♪ ♪ All you're tired trying to ignore my nose ♪ ♪ Is my voice good enough ♪ ♪ To overcome how big my nose is ♪ ♪ You're touching ♪ ♪ My nose because you don't care ♪ ♪ Your finger tracing my big nose ♪ ♪ I wish you loved me so much ♪ ♪ You stick my finger ♪ You're a finger in it.

See there?

That's how much she wants.

She wants? She asked for it.

She was asking for it.

I wouldn't just jam my- I'm just getting- I wouldn't just jam my finger up in her nose without asking.

She was begging for it.

But she saw it, trusted her, and didn't care how big her nose was.

And thus, her nostril.

So you got the physical signals in that- Moment.

In that moment in between acquiescence and denial.

♪ I've got a big nostril ♪ ♪ Watch as you dive in ♪ ♪ To pick out a big booger ♪ ♪ Pull out a wet one ♪ ♪ I won't let my nose run ♪ ♪ You're far from the shallow end ♪ ♪ In my nostril ♪ ♪ In my nostril ♪ You see, this would have been the scene with him jamming his finger.

Upper nose in front of a concert audience?

♪ In my nostril ♪ Yeah, they would have loved it.

Also, how long is- Difficult to sing.

For her.

Yeah, for her.

For him maybe too.

No, he's got that big nose.

That's the thing.

You guys don't have big noses.

When you have big nose, you can get a nostril out there and still carry a tune.

♪ You're deep in my nostril now ♪ Hmm.

♪♪ Doesn't that tell a story better than her lyrics, which are kinda- Well- When you hear her lyrics, you're like, what is she talking about?

I agree with that.

Shallow end of what?

Probably it's some metaphor having to do with life and emotions, but- No, it's my story.

It was about the nose.

Because most people, you'll pick this part of your nose, even in public, you'll do that thing where you kinda pinch it.

And you'll kinda do like you're doing fairy dust and the booger disappears.

Or you'll wipe it on your socks slightly.

Or- Your socks?

In a handshake, you'll pass it off.

Handshake? Pass it off?

But you won't go knuckle deep into your nose, you know, unless you're in private.

By the way, please don't sprinkle it on the floor here or the socks.

You know you're doing that, Scott.

Have you ever looked under this famous table?

Sure, there's a batch of fancy autographs on top.

There's John Hamm's boogers on the nice side, believe me.

It's probably true.

I will give you that I feel like that was an emotional song.

I think this is a more emotional song.

I felt like it made me feel stuff.

I have some questions.

One is, I get, I now understand the finger- It's the story.

Is the finger go in and then stay there through the whole song?

Because I'm having a hard time- No, just when she goes, I watch as you dive in is where- And it goes in and comes right back out?

I got a big nostril, watch as you dive in.

And then, because it would have been just in the shallow end.

Right.

That anyone should be feel comfortable.

Like I'd feel comfortable picking a booger out of your shallow end.

I barely know you.

Please don't.

Please don't do that.

But also do I have- I can't say, I'd have to get a low angle on you.

But do you think the movie should have been that scene he traces her nose- And then go, yes.

He goes in and then it stays in- Well, that's how it happened, yes.

It stays in the entire movie?

And then it stays in?

Because her lyric where you're saying this is way after when he traces her nose.

There's two different scenes.

So what's happening between- There's one scene where they come up with a song and then they sing it in public where the star is born.

Sure.

Okay.

So when she's discovering her love for him and he's discovering, I don't care that her nose is so big and grotesque.

Her beautiful voice should mean more than that.

Like that's, let's not, let's give me a little credit for having that epiphany.

And understanding that.

That the size of a nose doesn't matter if you love- The fact that you are able to overlook something as major and horrifying, I would say like freakish and horrifying.

Well, welcome to the music business.

They got a nose chart in every music label in town.

Believe me.

A nose chart?

The real Ally, the real Ally, she has a big nose?

Is that- Yes she did.

Who was the real Ally that you born?

Because I've never heard of Ally.

Ally Way.

Ally Way?

Mm-hmm.

It's not Ally Wong.

Ally Way?

Ally Way.

Yes.

Because again, I'm not as familiar maybe as I should be with your work.

Right, but this is an alternate universe version much like an alternate universe.

Okay, but this is based on his real story.

Are you into country music?

Not, I enjoy it when I hear it.

Well there you go.

Everybody in country music knows Ally Way.

She was huge in the nineties.

Got it, okay.

Then she became a doctor despite the size of her nose and has been involved in the team working on the AIDS cure, which if you've been reading the paper just reached a milestone this week.

She was on the team.

She was on that team.

She was on AIDS team?

Yeah, Ally Way.

The doctors.

No, opposing it.

She was on the opposition team.

Opposition, opposing AIDS.

They just had a wonderful breakthrough where the second person was cured.

Yeah, Ally Way was on that.

Yeah.

I can't imagine being that person to say like, hey, I had HIV, but now I'm cured.

So everything's cool.

Everything's cool.

Have sex with me without protection.

Yeah, I'm not sure.

But that's great.

That's a wonderful.

Yeah, so she moved on and you know, despite her nose became a famous doctor as well as a famous country music star.

One other question I had about the movie is, in the movie, spoiler alert if you haven't seen it and are planning on it, but I can't imagine anyone who hasn't.

Two things happen which I'm wondering about first of which the end of the movie, in the movie you go into a garage and are never seen nor heard of again on this mortal coil yet here you are in front of us.

Yeah.

Yeah, poetic license.

He thought it would make it more dramatic.

What happened when you went into the garage in real life?

Well, that didn't happen.

That part didn't happen.

You never went into a garage?

I actually don't even have a garage.

I got a lot of property.

Where do you park your car?

Outside, put a tarp over it.

I got a lot of cars.

It's like an outdoor sort of garage?

Like a carport?

Carport.

Yeah, I mean, I live in Oklahoma.

It doesn't rain there much.

Okay.

Oh, really?

Okay.

I feel like Oklahoma has inclement weather.

Anyway, middle America's listening now.

They understand what I'm talking about.

These LA types.

So, if you- Not everybody has a garage and a carport.

Okay, all right, give any of us a carport.

Some of us are living in them.

My other question is- That's one of my songs.

Is- ♪ Gotta live in my garage ♪ Oh, okay.

But that's in that voice.

Not the other voice.

You're right, it's not.

♪ I got to live ♪ ♪ Where am I gonna live ♪ ♪ In my garage next to my love shack ♪ I do reference some of his songs.

I guess my other question would be the part where you pee on stage in the movie.

What happened in real life?

Well, I shit on stage in real life and they thought that wouldn't be it.

Was this on a flag or?

No, it was in my pants and it's not as dramatic because you don't see that happen.

Just everyone kind of crinkles their nose up and- Yeah.

And Ally with a big nose, I mean, she's got the worst of it.

People don't know that, but big nose people do smell things better.

There's a lot of space in there in which the odors can reside.

Yep, shit, fruit loops.

Amplifies.

Whatever.

Well, what a fascinating story, Jackson.

I do have one question.

If you, obviously we know that the ending is different.

What happened between you and Ally Way?

She never became a star and she just became a doctor?

No, she became a star and you got out of it.

Country star, but you guys are not together.

So did you just?

No, yeah, we broke up eventually, yeah.

What was the final straw?

Well, oddly enough, she also thought I was ripping off Fred Schneider's voice and I told her that's just a singing style.

Okay.

And kind of blew up.

Really?

When two people love each other and are able to look past a big nose, I mean, you looked past her big nose and she can't look past the fact that you're ripping off Fred Schneider?

Sky, a question for you.

Oh, great.

Have you ever stuck your finger knuckle deep in your wife's nose?

Knuckle deep?

Yeah, I mean.

Which knuckle, are we talking the knuckles on the hands or the?

I see you trying to avoid the question because it probably affects you too much.

It doesn't matter which knuckle.

Maybe your pinky, I don't care.

Have you tried to put in your fingers lovingly into your wife's nose?

Lovingly, definitely not.

I don't care, I love every part of you.

I don't believe I have, I don't think that we can relate on this level, but no, I don't think that I have.

Have you eaten her ass?

You ever eaten her ass out?

Tossed her salad?

This is the point where I feel like.

Well, I feel like I'm about to.

I don't know that I can accompany you on this journey of inquisitiveness.

I caught you in a logic argument.

Ooh, it's gross to pick her nose, but I'll eat that ass.

See, once you examine.

You're right, everything is gross, so I'll give you that.

Look, we need to take a break, but can you stick around Jackson, is that all right?

We all need to take a break.

Amen, Andrea, please stick around.

We have a business woman coming up after this.

I love women.

Oh, finally in business, in business.

Because it's hard to be a woman in business.

Exactly.

Especially if you have a big old nose.

All right, we'll be right back with more Comedy Bang Bang after this.

Comedy Bang Bang, we're back here, Andrea Savage, I'm Sorry on TruTV.

This Wednesday finale, did we ever figure out what time that was on?

Well, we did, it's 10 p.m.

10 p.m.? 10 p.m.

It's late, guys.

Children are still up though.

Oh, we just went two different directions.

I went with it's late, you went with children.

Children, which children are still up?

I mean, you know, children who aren't really parented all that well, which is the problem because then they're more likely to watch I'm Sorry, which is an adult show.

An adult show, yeah.

There are children who do watch it though.

There are.

Which is not great, and I have some questions.

A lot of parents out there love to let their kids listen to this show, and I hope they're enjoying it today with all the ass eating talk.

It got dirty before I was on the show, Scott.

All right, all right.

Don't blame me.

I'm sorry.

Jackson Maine, the person I am not blaming, but we need to get to our next guest.

She is a businesswoman.

Please welcome to the show, Linda Watermark.

Hello.

It's my turn?

It is, yes.

Are you sure?

I'm very sure, yes.

Welcome to the show.

It's, I just, I don't wanna take up too much time.

Oh, that's okay.

No, no, the time is yours.

Are you sure?

Linda, we carved out this bit of time on the show for you where we all have to pay attention to you.

Yeah, but that was, I was much more comfortable being here before I knew we had a lovely writer and a singer.

Are you sure you don't wanna just sing more songs?

I can just sit here and know.

I don't know, young lady.

We all got hidden talents that we'd like to appreciate.

I could just get, can I get you guys waters?

Maybe that would be better.

Yeah, I wouldn't mind a water, but I don't think that you have to do it.

That's why we have Engineer Ryan, who is not looking at us currently, but- Hello.

You know, but please.

No, I'd love to just hear, I mean- What are you here to talk about?

Yeah, well, I don't, you know, I'm here.

So I am renting some studio space here cause I've gotta record a couple of new commercials and slogans for my company.

I'm the CEO of Panera Bread.

Have you ever been to a Panera Bread?

Yeah, that's a huge company.

Yeah.

I've been to at least two of them.

Oh, well- One in Burbank and maybe one in Glendale.

Have you been to the Studio City one?

I was about to say hello Studio City.

I have.

That's my personal favorite location.

Out of all of them across the country?

Cause you can go in through the front door or the back door.

And there's like a CBS right there.

So you have to get some there.

And another one across the street.

Yeah, I know which is weird.

Well, if you need to get something embarrassing at one CVS, then you can use the other CVS for buying sodas.

Just the regular stuff.

Right, yeah.

Oh my God, this is a major- This is crazy.

What an accomplished person you are.

No, it's stupid.

Panera, no.

It's stupid.

It's amazing.

I mean, the bread bowl and the- The soups?

Soups.

Let's not forget about that.

I mean, I know the bread gets all the chitchat.

Oh yeah, I mean, the bread is the star attraction, but- No, you can't have a meal without a little bit of bread, my pappy always said.

Yeah.

What a wonderful sentiment.

Your pappy is- Pass the biscuits.

Pass the biscuits.

That was something else he said?

Well, that's the bread.

Right.

Yeah, well, biscuits, bread.

We don't have biscuits.

We have bread, we have Danish.

A fun fact about Panera is actually 90% of our sales are just broccoli cheddar soup.

Whoa!

90!

They get any bread with that?

If you get it in a bread bowl, or if you get a you pick two and then add a bread, cause you get a you pick two, you can get- You don't just get a little piece of bread if you get the soup?

You get a choice, a bread, an apple, or a little bag of potato chip.

Right.

That's for people who don't have the cards.

Every time, every time.

Now I would have thought that the cheddars, I would have said maybe 55%.

Oh, I don't even think I would go there.

I mean, you have such an extensive menu, I would say maybe 8% would be broccoli cheddar.

But 90%, it's making me kind of wonder why you advertise as a bread-based business and you aren't just saying like, this is the broccoli cheddar spot.

Sure.

Embarrassed.

People are embarrassed.

People are embarrassed because they don't want to be going to a place where everyone knows they're gonna fart after.

Exactly.

Well, think about it.

You're in your office, all the other pretty ladies in your office are going to lunch somewhere neat, like a sushi place.

Right.

And you're like, I'm gonna go to the broccoli place.

Exactly.

Yeah, it's not a good look.

It didn't roll off the tongue.

I'm going over to broccoli cheddars.

Right, yeah, it's not a, it helps.

But I would say, you know, it would maybe make financial sense.

Keep the name Panera Bread.

Well, that's the thing.

It provides great cover.

But limit the menu because you'd make so much more money if you know that 90% is all going out in soup.

You're wasting so much product behind the counter.

Well, part of our business model is people just need to feel okay.

Well, I think, you know, Andrea, to your point, I think it may be a lot like McDonald's.

They put salads on the menu even though they don't sell them in order to make people think like, oh, McDonald's is healthy, it's not bad.

So it's like a psychological trick.

So you have all that food there, but people are just eating broccoli cheddar.

Exactly.

Most of our trash, 95% of our trash is uneaten plates of our other food.

Who's doing the stats on this trash?

Mostly me.

As the CEO, I largely, you know, I go from branch to branch.

I open the trash. Studio City to...

Studio City to Glendale.

And you go through the trash?

I open the trash, I lay it out, I count.

What's a Southwestern sandwich?

How many Fuji apple chicken salads we got in this trash?

I got a notebook, I tally it.

I love this.

It's, you know, I feel blessed to have this job.

I feel really blessed.

I mean, you're in it.

You are a CEO who's very attentive.

A lot of CEOs, I feel like lose touch with the hands-on, day-to-day part.

I love that you are granular.

You are.

Yes.

But when do you start ordering less of that food?

Yeah, this is where I'm sort of getting back to.

So you don't throw that food out.

That's not part of our business model.

Because what you have to understand about a Panera is, we make most of our money from people just sitting there.

Oh, really?

Yeah, so we gotta get people in the duel.

How do you make money from that?

I mean, I'm- You know what?

I've always thought that a burger place in and out should just be called in.

Just keep them there.

Just keep them there and then they have to keep ordering.

People have to eat three times a day.

Yeah, and you keep the and, and they're like, what?

Yeah.

Waiting around.

See, you should have my job.

Oh no, ladies.

You seem very talented.

No, no.

I don't know why you're so unconfident.

You're doing a great job.

Do you want me to stick my finger up in your nose?

Oh, you wouldn't be able to.

My nostrils are tiny.

They are very tiny.

You have petite nostrils.

I noticed your nostrils look super tight.

Yeah, yeah.

You can't get a toothpick.

The tone of that was uncomfortable.

This is a woman in business.

Okay, I'm sorry.

This is a business woman.

So a woman not in business is okay?

Obviously, yeah.

It's all right.

A woman is not in business.

I actually start every one of my staff meetings.

I invite the company to roast me.

Really?

Oh.

Okay.

Now I know what that means when it comes to Panera, a nice roasted turkey sandwich.

But for you, you're asking your employees to insult you?

Mm-hmm, mm-hmm.

Take hits on my, largely my appearance.

What do they focus on?

Well, a lot of times they'll shout, what a bad bowl cut?

Yeah, I mean, I don't like to talk about our guests' appearance unless they bring it up.

But not only do you have a bowl cut, but it's objectively bad.

Yeah, it looks like one of those bowls has a little pouring lip too.

It looks like a cracked bowl that has, you know, that's been glued back together, but several of the pieces are missing.

Well, just the rim is not an even bowl.

No, it looks like a bread bowl.

Cool, that's what I use.

Oh!

That's what I use.

Oh, see, that's what it is.

Crumbs in your hair.

Yeah, I got an uneven bowl cut and crumbs in my hair.

That's the Linda Watermark look.

I've been doing it since I started working at Panera.

Because as a CEO, I just, I never want to get too uppity.

I just believe in humility.

Sure, almost to a fault, I would say.

Oh no, I'm not nearly as humble.

Not that I'm criticizing.

You're not humble?

Please, I invite criticism.

I know, yeah, it seems like every morning.

Hey, what's up, mouse nostrils?

See, thank you.

Are you trying to say that she has nostrils the size of a mouse's nostrils, or that you can fit a mouse into her nostrils?

The former.

The former, okay, good.

Okay, how does that hit you?

It seems true, it hurts, I will remember it, and it will forever inform the way I think of myself.

Thank you.

Why do you want that, though?

Yeah, I'm confused.

Now, we're people like, we'd love to be able to have an opportunity to give you feedback on your appearance, or you just said, hey, this is something I'm starting.

Everyone get on board?

Yes, it was my idea.

My leadership style, I would say, is low confidence.

I have zero to low confidence.

Zero to low?

Zero to low.

That's a tiny scale.

Yes.

That's bad.

Why do you think that serves your business, though?

Because your business is very successful.

It's like extremely successful.

Well, I know, you guys, it's really not.

It's not, it's dumb.

It's stupid.

It's not dumb, I mean, it's a major accomplishment.

Do you know how many restaurants try to succeed and can't get off the ground, let alone a franchised- Think about the amount of money you save not washing bowls every day, because they're all made out of bread.

Incredible.

I do that in my home.

All of my bowls at home are made of bread.

See, what I wonder is why not the silverware being made of bread?

You know what I mean?

Bread fork.

Like old bread.

Bread spoon.

Yes, exactly.

Let some bread lay out for a couple of days, it'll become a hard bread fork.

See, that's what I'm talking about.

Just eliminate dishwashers entirely.

You should have my job.

I have questions on bread forks.

Dishwasher made of bread.

See, this is why my confidence is so low, because I walk in here, you make a radio program for a living, you make little songs. I'm very successful, yes.

And you're already doing my job better than me.

Well, I don't know.

I'm not gonna disagree with that.

Dishwasher made of bread. I'm gonna step in, Linda, here.

As another one.

He's formulating a new hit song over here that might win an Academy Award about a dishwasher made of bread.

Look, but Linda, you have to have more confidence.

You're so successful.

And as an outsider person here, just because they have an opinion or throwing out bread forks and bread dishwasher, I'm gonna say they're not necessarily good ones.

And I feel like you've demonstrated that you're able to make better decisions, potentially.

I don't know if you've illustrated that here today, but the success of Panera has illustrated that.

Yeah, I really appreciate that.

But it's what I learned in business school, my number one philosophy, whoever talks a little loud is smarter than you.

Whoever can sort of modulate their voice and raise it and interrupt at a certain time.

I mean, that's the credo of this show.

By the way, and I am good at that.

So I'd love to believe that that is- It's a certain skill.

When you say you learned it in business school, did you learn it from your teachers or just from your fellow students?

Well, there is a very nice gentleman who stood outside one of my lecture halls and screamed at me every day.

Every day?

Every day.

Why?

To try to steal from me.

Was this person involved in the school?

No, no, he was a gentleman in the community.

He would stand outside your class.

Your lecture hall?

And scream at you every day.

How did he know your schedule?

Well, I told him.

Wait.

Okay.

Oh, yeah.

And he was trying to steal from you?

Give me your money.

And I said, so loud, I'll do it.

And he always got what he wanted.

And so that was my- So every day, he mugged you every day?

Well, Monday, Wednesday, and Friday, Tuesday and Thursday, I didn't have class.

Oh, okay.

So he knew your schedule.

And did you stop carrying money?

That's what I was about to ask.

Did you stop carrying cash?

I did stop carrying cash, but then he would steal my lipsticks.

I had a very nice makeup compact.

It was a power move for him.

It wasn't about the money.

It was just, he wanted to really emasculate you.

I don't know if I'm using that word correct.

What's the female version of emasculate?

Well, it doesn't work.

A woman-sculate?

You can't get lower than a woman, so it doesn't work.

Oh, well.

I don't know.

Defeminate.

Well, look, this is a terrible situation, but we need to take a break.

Can you stick around?

Because we need to still talk to you about things.

Are you sure?

I'm totally sure.

Our attention is just devoted to you right now.

Trust us.

Okay.

As long as you're sure.

I'm very, very sure.

During a break, I'll stick a little toothpick up your nose.

That's the only thing that will fit.

Maybe a bread toothpick, actually.

Like a hard crouton or something.

Would that be okay?

If it was shaped like a toothpick, then thin.

Sure, yeah.

Thin, yeah.

All right, we need to take a break.

We'll be right back with more Comedy Bang Bang.

♪ Bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum ♪ Comedy Bang Bang, we're back here.

Andrea Savage, I'm sorry.

Preemptively apologizing a lot like what Linda over here is doing.

This show is sort of a tongue in cheek, I'm sorry.

It's really more like I'm actually not remotely sorry.

So it's sorry, not sorry.

And you're apologizing after the fact for all the terrible things that you do on the show.

No, I'm not apologizing.

Is it, are you apologizing to the viewers or are you apologizing in character to the people in your life?

I can't imagine this is the case, but it sounds like you're not listening to what I'm saying.

I don't know exactly what you're saying.

I'm saying it has nothing to do with apologizing.

It's actually the most unapologetic show.

Okay, so you are apologizing to the viewers.

Yes, so I'm apologizing.

I'm apologizing profusely to people who come on the show and everything.

We also have Jackson Maine here, a Academy Award winner, I presume, since you wrote the original track to Shallow.

Yeah, I did get a credit.

Oh yeah, did you get a credit?

I did get a credit.

Did you complete your Academy Award?

I'd love to see an Oscar.

Oh, I didn't bring it, Scott.

We've had a few Oscar winners here on the show, but they've never brought their Oscar.

Yeah, I think you have to request that.

People don't just carry it around.

I did request it on the Bang Bang TV show and they did not bring it.

Uh-oh.

Who was it?

Oh, I cannot say, but we've only had probably five Oscar winners on that show.

But I will say that I don't believe that you were allowed to film it because they copyright it, perhaps.

I don't know.

I've seen people's Oscars on other things.

Sure, talk shows.

On talk shows like News Pro, they have a special license for news programs.

In any case, we're getting wildly off track.

Yes.

You know what?

Fuck Meryl Streep for not bringing it.

She was the main offender.

We are talking to Linda Watermark here.

She's a business woman.

The CEO of Panera Bread, which primarily sells broccoli and cheese soup and throws away the rest of their inventory on a daily basis, it seems like, if not hourly.

When you make a bowl and you take all that bread out of the middle, what happens to it?

Yeah, good question.

I eat it.

But what about across the country when you're not around?

Does there a process?

Yeah, we're not talking about just like on your day-to-day basis.

No, it's all mailed to me.

I think it began as a prank.

It began as a prank?

Yeah, I think it began as a prank.

Wait, did the bread bowls begin as pranks?

That is fascinating.

This is why it's so fascinating to meet the people behind companies.

It's so crazy.

This is like the founder watching the founder.

Yeah, well, yeah, yeah.

So I- It's more like watching the flounder with her attitude.

Oh, boy.

Yeah, yeah.

Gosh, see, you'd sound like one of my employees.

This is terrific.

This is what I'm talking about.

Good one, Scott, good one.

Yeah.

Do you think I could ride on one of those roasts?

But so the bread bowl started as a prank where people were just scooping out parts of bread and mailing it to you?

Yeah, yes, yes.

So I live in a mall studio apartment above a- In Studio City?

In, no, in Van Nuys.

I, yeah, above a- Oh, sorry.

That'd be odd.

Yeah, yeah, and it's above a Best Buy in Van Nuys.

They have apartments above Best Buys.

It's very little.

I think it may, it used to have been a stock closet.

Oh, oh.

It's above the television.

Linda, you are the CEO of a neighbor of a bread.

You must make a giant salary.

Oh, I know, but I don't wanna be greedy.

I don't want people to come over to my house and go, oh, Linda, you have such a big head, you're CEO.

What is the reason to make money if not to brag about it with your friends and show off all your possessions?

Right, Best Buy, more like Worst Buy.

You can say it, Scott.

You all are so smart and funny.

I, ooh, I don't know, I don't know.

I really don't belong here.

No, come on, come on.

I feel like you belong here more than you think.

So is your studio apartment just filled with bread?

It's filled to the brim with the inside of bread bowls, you guys, I have a giant house in the Hollywood Hills that I can't live in because it's just for the bread bowl pieces.

Oh, so it's like a bread bowl itself, but filled with bread rather than made of bread.

But the stock room's got space.

The stock room's got space.

That's your space.

Okay.

That's space for my cot.

That's your personal woman cave.

Yes, yes, yes, it's above the TV display.

It's so noisy.

You must be hearing a lot of those like undersea videos that they play.

Yes, yeah, and sometimes a video game display.

So it's so much screaming and banging.

Screaming and shooting.

Shooting.

Why not get a different apartment?

I know, you feel that.

Or get the bread out of that Hollywood Hills house.

Hire three people.

Maybe us.

By the way.

I'm not doing anything later today.

Hey, I always help a friend.

He likes to pick things out of crevices.

Sure.

Just pretend it's a big nose and you know, like Jackson Maine over here will scoop out all those bread boogers.

You don't have to patronize.

I said I'd help her before you made about a nose.

Sorry, Jackson.

Yeah, please direct all, please only patronize me.

I really, it's a dynamic I'm much more comfortable with.

What else is coming to Panera Bread?

Any changes in the works?

Well, we're working on a new store-wide policy where you are now allowed to bring in outside food and drink.

Why?

What?

By the way, when you said you make money off the people sitting there, we never followed up.

What do you mean by that?

Well, sometimes people will sit there long enough, they'll feel a little, they'll feel bad, they'll leave a dollar, a dollar fifty on the table.

So, tips.

That didn't go to the company.

It's a lot, well.

I think it'd be a good policy what you're saying, bring your food, but you have to eat it out of one of our bowls or use our bread utensils.

But you can bring any food you like.

We'll wrap it up in a sandwich with our bread or something, but bring whatever you want.

Or take my job, please.

Or just have people come in and order as a restaurant.

Like just do the regular style.

I feel like that style has been working.

I just don't want people to be mad at me.

If they come in with a burrito from Chipotle or a sub from Subway and wanna just use their laptop in Panera. A Chipotle burrito, though wrapped in Panera bread, that sounds really good.

Yes, please.

Inside a Subway BMT.

See, this is a- This is Thanksgiving at my house.

Is that your turducken?

Yeah.

I would, you know, that's a good idea.

I would maybe even make some of our bread available for free if you wanna bring an outside meal and we'll put it in our bread.

No, are you just lonely?

You want people to hang out with?

I just, I just, I just really, I want people to like me.

I want people, I don't want people, I really hate when people are mad at me.

We like you.

It's tough to like someone who has such a low opinion of themselves.

It's getting harder to like you.

Yeah.

Oh, what can I do?

You gotta straddle that line like Andrea over here does.

Someone needs to wipe your ass or you need to vomit and let someone clean it up and it'll give you confidence.

Oh, I don't, I've tried that.

I've been married so many times.

How many times have you been married?

Six times.

Six, that's a lot.

That's a lot.

You're not an old woman.

Well, I'm older than I look.

How, again, we shouldn't ask, but- I mean, the bowl cut is making it a little tough to really- Tell.

I know my vibe is like I look like a general lost boy from the streets.

To be fair, I thought you had gray hair at first.

Now I think that's bread mold around your chin.

Yeah.

And when you say lost boy, from the movie, The Lost Boys, you look sort of like one of those cool vampires who's playing saxophone by a bonfire.

Yes, yes.

But if I were working at a carnival and I was guessing your age, I would guess- Oh, guess mean.

Guess mean?

62.

Oh, explain why.

Oh.

You know, the crow's feet, it's a little more like a murder of crow's feet.

Oh, that's good.

There's some weight gain maybe that- More like counting crow's feet.

Well, that's a Zach joke from our last Between Two Ferns.

Sorry.

Always nice to meet a fan.

Sorry I had a job, I only watch Bachelor.

I thought it was terrific, well done.

But how old are you?

You're older than you seem.

Does anybody else wanna venture again?

Panera's been around for a while, so that also was playing into my- Yeah.

Well, on this, have you been the CEO of Panera this whole time or is this a new position?

Oh yeah, are you the creator of Panera?

I'm not the creator of Panera.

I have been CEO for six years now.

Oh my.

Climb a corporate ladder.

I initially was, I began my career kind of unconventional.

I was a school nurse and I lost my job and I sat in a, I needed to pretend for my family as though I still had a place to go every day.

And so I spent so much time in Panera every day, open to close.

They assumed you worked there or they offered you a job?

They offered me a job because I was cleaning up already.

I was, I would wipe the tables.

I brought in a- With bread, bread instead of napkins.

By the way, you wanna know what to do with all that bread in the Hollywood Hills home?

Wipe up these tables.

Yeah, sponges.

Art, now I know you have a lovely career, but would you like my job?

I am starting to think that you're not suited for your job.

I, you know- Why?

I have to, I'm not talking to you, Andrea.

Oh, I was like, what did I do?

I'm looking to you to co-sign on this.

I have questions.

Now that I know that you've only been doing it six years, I have to admit, I probably not stepped foot into a Panera in the last six years.

So I don't know if they're in a state of disrepair anymore, but I'm starting to feel like I was impressed that you're the CEO of Panera.

And now I just think that you, it may have been a grave mistake that they gave you this job.

Well, I keep trying to give it away.

Nobody wants it.

Just like the chili peppers did.

Yeah, yes, correct.

Well, see, this is the kind of fast- Stop it, Scott.

She's trying, she's had an emotional breakdown over here.

No, this is wonderful.

My brain doesn't work that way.

It's slow and can never think of anything clever.

I look- Your tragedy should not be summed up in red hot chili pepper lyrics.

No, have you ever spent time under a bridge by any chance?

Yes!

Stop it.

I, my home before the stockroom at Best Buy was a small collection of boxes under a bridge.

And then I was told I couldn't live outdoors as a CEO.

Look, I- You live under a bridge, you don't really need the boxes, but whatever.

Yeah, if I were to give you any advice, it would be, I don't think the life of a CEO is for you.

It seems to be playing havoc with your self-esteem.

I would just go back to- School nurse.

Yeah, doing what you love, school nurse.

I'm not, I'm not, I'm not allowed anymore.

How did you get fired?

I just kept asking the kids, what do you think you have?

And one day half the school was, half the school was gone.

Cause I would just, if a kid said, I want to go home, I would say, sure, please.

I don't want you to be mad at me.

So they were gaming the system here.

Well, now what I- Was there an actual sickness going on in the school by chance or?

No, I thought there was a sickness because kids kept putting rotten eggs into my water.

And so I got very sick.

Right, how would you drink a glass of water, the clearest liquid that I can think of, and not notice these rotten eggs?

I drank it out of a thermos, Scott.

My apologies.

Everything else I've said in here has been just insanely stupid, but I can't believe- But what I just said was very stupid.

I'm sorry.

See, this is a step forward for you though.

Yeah, by the way, that's a big step.

You're clapping back.

Well, I just- The journey you've had from school nurse and then spending too much time in Panera, but then you went back to business school where you were mugged three times a week.

An incredible story that defies belief, almost.

It almost does.

You know, nobody- It deserves a biopic.

Biopic?

Biopic.

Maybe Jackson Maine could write some songs.

Oh, of course I could, little lady.

You have some very sad stories.

It's made for country music.

If you saw me in a bar, what kind of song would you think if you saw me mopping the floor of a bar?

With a bread mop.

With a bread mop. On my hands and knees, mopping the floor with a big piece of bread.

Cinderella style.

But also, most people when they mop, you stand.

Well, I agree, but- But I guess a bread mop.

A bread mop.

You gotta get on the floor.

A bread mop you hold in your hand.

♪ Was that a sea over there ♪ ♪ A girl with a bread mop ♪ ♪ Too many cares ♪ ♪ What can I say to her ♪ ♪ But ♪ Pick up your spirits.

Turn that frown upside down.

It's time to have a mop sop.

It's a mop crop.

Mop crop.

Mop lop.

Hit it, hit it, it'd be bop.

Yeah, I don't know.

I don't know if this one's gonna win the Academy Award.

Look, we're running out of time.

Yeah, we're running out of time.

We just have one last feature on the show and that's a little something called plugs.

♪ Hey, what are my old friends up to ♪ ♪ Are they on TV ♪ ♪ Will they make me cry in the theater ♪ ♪ Cause they're doing better than me ♪ ♪ They rub them big old golden gloves ♪ ♪ In my face every chance they get ♪ ♪ Plug it cause you want to ♪ ♪ Oh, come on, plug up ♪ ♪ My failure with your success ♪ Wow, that was a, what a wonderful plugs theme.

That was Krestovsky with Bitter Plugs.

That's kind of like a Jackson Mame song almost.

I was gonna say that reminded me.

Kinda walking your side of the street over there.

Yeah. Yeah.

All right, let's plug that.

Yeah, let's plug it up.

Andrea, what do you wanna plug?

I'm Sorry?

I'm gonna plug I'm Sorry, season finale.

Season two finale 10 PM on TruTV this Wednesday.

And you can watch the whole season one on Netflix or TruTV.

Does TruTV have an app where people can watch the whole season?

They do.

Yeah.

I mean, they have an app.

Whether or not one can actually watch it through it.

I don't, that's where the questions lie.

Has anyone who just investigated this or?

Oh yeah, I get feedback.

Okay, all right, good.

Yeah, yeah.

It's not positive.

Not super pause.

Jackson Maine, what do you wanna plug?

More like UntruTV.

Hmm, interesting.

Oh, I guess when it comes to the app.

I thought you would like that.

Jackson, what do you got?

Well, when I'm on tour, when I'm not on stage, during the day, I like to go around and look for people who have deformed faces, whether it be a big nose or a wide mouth.

Oh really, you're not just, you don't like just noses.

No, no, no.

I had an epiphany that there's hidden talents behind a lot of facial problems and so I look for that.

So look out for me.

I'd also like to plug one of my favorite performers on this show.

You don't have near enough, but Matt Besser.

I apologize to him.

Don't apologize to me.

As far as I know, the minute he said he wanted to be on the show, cause he had a great bit, I said, what are you doing in two days?

Two days is a while to wait.

It's just very, very apologetic to him if he's listening about the two day wait that he had to undergo.

Anyway, Scott, I'm gonna be in Portland, or not me.

I'll be opening for Matt Besser in Portland.

Opening for Matt Besser.

Wow.

Yeah, he's a good guy.

That's big.

Yeah.

It's a big gig for him.

Yeah.

For Matt Besser.

Yeah.

Yeah, that's a double bill for the ages.

Well, thank you, Scott.

Oh, so you should look into your representation.

I feel like maybe opening.

Yeah, it should be swapped.

Get rid of the swap.

Yeah, a little bit.

He's filming a special, so I'm doing him a favor.

Oh, okay.

Oh, okay, that's sweet.

Yeah, I know all you Hollywood types always have to have a deal baked in.

But stand up special Portland, April 27th.

Go to MattBesser.com, find out where that venue's gonna be.

And also he wants to plug the subculture.

It's a new venue for the Upright Citizens Brigade in New York City every Friday, Saturday, and Sunday.

They're a new venue down there in the village.

You gotta check it out.

You can go to Ucbtheatre.com next time when you're in New York to find out about them.

That sounds great, okay.

And Linda Watermark, what do you wanna plug?

Ugh, I don't, I feel weird.

Don't feel weird, no!

Nobody cares.

Get into that spotlight.

That's where we wanna see you.

That's where you shine.

Well, you should, come on by to Panera.

We've got locations.

Studio City, though, is the best one.

From Studio City to Glendale.

But especially come by that Studio City one.

Try the front door, try the back door.

Both will get you in.

In and out.

I'm not gonna lie, I might go over there, throw some stuff in the trash just to see Linda doing her stats.

Yeah, exactly.

And if you come by where we have, Thursday is large trash pickup day.

You can bring any big, we're doing a new promotion.

You can bring a sofa.

Christmas tree and mattresses.

Mattresses, those are hard.

This is the part of the year where, if you still have a Christmas tree up, you really need to go by Panera.

You really need to swing by Panera.

That should be your company slogan.

Yeah.

If it's March and you still have a Christmas tree up, come by Panera.

Come by Panera.

You put a jingle to that, Jackson.

Oh my gosh, that would be amazing.

Hell yeah.

You just bought yourself six more years of running Panera.

Anything else to plug or?

Well, you can spill in Panera if you want to.

And you'll be there to mop it up presumably?

I'll be there to mop it up.

Okay, that's a good way to- You can spill, yeah.

Who's that girl with the bread mop?

We don't need to hear mop flop top again.

I want to plug, hey, if you go into comic stores now, just last Wednesday, my X-Men comic that I wrote is the trade paperback that it's collected in is out.

So it's called X-Men Black.

Wow.

That's awesome. That has my issue of Mojo in it.

So that, and you can also order it on Amazon or wherever you need to.

So that's out now.

So let's close up the old plug bag.

♪ Close your eyes and open up that bag ♪ ♪ Close your eyes and open up that bag ♪ ♪ You gotta get those eyes closed ♪ ♪ Get them, get them, open the bag, yeah ♪ ♪ Get them, get them, don't be closing ♪ ♪ Don't be closing ♪ ♪ Open up that bag, let's get loaded ♪ ♪ Let's get loaded, open up that bag ♪ ♪ Open up that bag, open up that bag ♪ ♪ Open up that bag, open up that bag ♪ I'm on board now. I like it.

I mean, after hearing Jackson Maine songs, it's a welcome respite almost.

Was that an insult?

I look, I just- I didn't like that curse in that song.

You didn't like the cursing?

You've never cursed in a song before?

No, you don't need it.

You don't need- Don't need curse words expressed.

You've never said the C word in a song?

Cunt or cocksucker, what's the C word?

Whatever you would hear on Deadwood.

I should, you're right.

Deadwood uses it.

It should be a country music song.

That's country, yeah.

All right, guys, I want to thank you.

Andrea, always a pleasure.

Thank you for having me, Scott.

Wonderful to see you.

Everyone watch her show, please.

I want to thank Linda Watermark.

Don't, don't thank me.

I apologize for taking up time.

No apologies, Nessa.

But I think I'm going to go out there to Studio City a little later today.

So maybe I'll see you over there.

Oh, you will.

And Jackson Maine, congratulations on your recent Oscar.

Well, thank you, Scott Suckerman.

Is that what you want?

That's not what I want, but I'll take it.

There you go.

This turn.

Well, he's the one who wants potty humor here at the end.

All right, we'll see you next time.

Thanks, bye.

♪ Heroes ♪ ♪ Heroes ♪ you Thank you.
