♪ N-Sync are not at all welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

Hello! Welcome! Welcome to...

I'd also thank you, but let's welcome him as well.

Play Kate the Muse for that wonderful catchphrase submission, and welcome to Comedy Bang Bang for another episode, and this is very exciting. We have an incredible show.

If you've never heard the show, basically I have...

two, three, one guest sometimes, all from various fields, from entertainment to other.

And we are really... running the gam- gamut?

Yes, I almost said running the gamut, and that would not be correct, but we're running the gamut today. We have an entertainer, we have a little bit later, we have a producing manager from the Mosaic Firm, and a little later on the show, we have a wife. Oh, that's exciting, someone who's a wife.

Okay, but before we get to them, let's get to our guest of honor.

He is our returning champion. I believe this is his third episode of the show, I think?

Is that correct? Do I have my stats right?

Yes, I've just checked the tattoos under my clavicle.

This is my third time Scott Aukerman.

You have three teardrops under there.

Yes, yes, all connected.

It looks just like a puddle, but I could tell it was three teardrops.

You can see it, right, if you get very close.

Please welcome back to the show. He is a very funny comedian.

You may have seen him out there opening for Conan O'Brien on his recent tour.

Please welcome back Flula Borg. Hello, Flula.

Oh, hello to you. Hello, CBB4Life.

For life, thank you so much.

That's longer than I'm going to do it.

Stop it. You have a retirement plan?

Well, I don't have a time and plan, but I don't think, well, who knows, please don't play this clip at my funeral, but I don't think that I will die while still doing the show.

I hope not. No, no.

How terrible would that be that like just this is the last episode and I was like, well, let's pack it up, guys.

He's gone. This is dark, Scott.

It's too dark. No, it's very German.

I'm into it. Thank you.

As deep as you like. You are German.

You are a German comedian, now American comedian or a German.

How do you how do you consider yourself?

I was a techno DJ and then people started to hire me for other events.

I'm not a comedian. It's unintentional.

Most things, you know, it's like accidental duties.

You were you were a techno DJ in Germany.

Yeah. And you were you were spotted at a club.

Yes, spotted club.

And then someone from that was club spotting told me you should apply for a hype man contest.

So hype man contest. Yes, I did not know what it was in German.

It's pronounced to be man. So I didn't know what it was.

Is it sort of like the apprentice where you if you won, you got to be a president for some.

Oh, you got to be president. Yeah. No, if you wins it, you're the man who comes before, you know, little John goes in is very large on the stage.

You're the man that makes everyone very warm. Yes, I know what a hype man is.

He's the person who comes out onto the stage and goes, you know, I'm not even going to do an impression. I'm not going to play.

You're trying to trap me to do an impression of and I'm not going to fall for it.

But the person who comes out previous to the main rapper and tries to pump the crowd up.

Yes. And then occasionally doubles words of the main rap.

Yes. If you've heard any Cyprus song, it's the man that says eight of the K or insane in the brain.

Yes, I echoing what the the main rapper underscoring the important points.

He's like a highlighter in a rap song. If the rap song was a book.

So but I guess my question is, is if you were to win, was they was there a certain rapper that you would then become the hype man for?

Yes, but they canceled everything. The business. It was Sion.

Do you know the automobile Sion? Yes, I do.

Of course it was sponsored by Sion. So I was the champion and then Sion said no more business for us.

And no more hype man for us. No tour. So they just gave me $3.

$3. Sorry, $3. The accent really affects it.

Oh, yeah. Yeah. How many of the $3 did you get? I got well taxes and everything 18.

Okay. Yes. I had to fly home. Presumably about 24.

I would get if you take about a quarter of it out for taxes.

Give or take. Yeah. So and that and a star was born.

Yes, Lady Gaga. Yeah. I would love to see you in a remake of a star is born where you're out there doing techno DJing at a club.

Yeah, and I don't know what you're into but whatever whatever you would view as a sexual partner would come over.

Sure. Whomever. Sure. I don't you I don't know.

Maybe you're into objects. Wait, are you following my Instagram stories currently Scott?

I must confess. Yes. I'm a fan. I'm 30 minutes into my star is born remake featuring me in a sequoia.

So okay, good. Now Flula you have a podcast called boom time.

I believe you were on the show a few months back here and we talked about it and ever since then.

I was itching to get on it and I got in there.

Thank you so very much for getting in there Scott Alkerman.

It was a highlight of my life. I'm incredibly excited.

I'm sending you as many dollars as you are requesting after this show is payment.

Thank you so much for that. Yes, where can people people get this at the normal podcast outlets at the down at the podcast store at the podcast store to Harris teeter.

If you are in North Carolina at the Dominix if you are in Chicago at the Vons or the John's in Los Angeles, and also I choose the thing about John's by the way, if you don't live in Los Angeles, you maybe you haven't seen a John's market out there.

Oh, they're just old Vons and they bought some J's.

Yes. Yes. It's such a scam. It is a scam.

I was someone was telling me about John's they said wear a metal full metal jacket and also a helmet as you enter John's is a tough place. It is a tough place, but I tell you I don't know what came first whether they had a deal with a with a letter factory where they're like, we don't use these J's. Yeah, or whether they went to the letter factory afterwards and said look, which one of these letters would you replace? Should it be vans or should it be John's?

Yeah, we'll go with this. We didn't never use these J's here take them, but it's such a scam. I don't understand. You just walk it into a Vons.

I must ask you Scott if you know this, you know Adidas and Puma are just two brothers who like we're in a fight time for two different shoes.

I didn't are they the same company? I'd say with the brothers. They split up. They were brothers.

I know that they're like all fighting fighting.

It's I'm from Erlangen which is very close to the headquarters of this.

Of course John's and Vons like two bros who had like fight about Twinkies prices.

I wonder I wonder if they're the same company, you know, there's that rumor spelled with a U because of our guest here.

Oh, yeah that Coke and Pepsi are the same company that they just have a rivalry.

They split into two and have a rivalry in order for to trick the public into thinking there is only a choice between these two Coke and Pepsi when there's so many other color. It could be any other Cola, but it's like no no, it's got to be Coke or Pepsi Coke or Pepsi, but it's the same thing. Yeah, we want a third party.

I want some cheer wine. Yes. Yes, I have I love cheer wine.

Yes me as well down in the south. Oh, so down south.

Yes. Yeah, I'm obsessed with the south currently Scott.

So are you really Harris teeter and she wine references?

Thank you so much. Do you have any other in the in the bank here?

Yeah chicken and dumplings go grab those at your cookie barrel.

Thank you so much for those if please pepper the entire proceedings today with some of that southern charm.

Yes, and by pepper you mean biscuits and gravy.

Thank you so much. Yes, I will Flula.

Do you have anything out there this year?

Well, last we spoke to you was 2018 suddenly it's 2019 smash cut to 2019.

What is Flula up to terrifying? I know I'm having many strange projects currently rewriting a Star is Born starring.

As I said before me and a giant fur or Sequoia.

We are still in the casting process. And then also you may see me in Boss Baby back in business on Netflix.

It's a voice and boom time boom time on the podcast. The Boss Baby is back in business.

He's back. He went away and then he returns back and better than ever.

Oh, well, we don't know movie pass. Yeah. Wow.

Yeah, like movie pass. That's incredible is the Boss Baby's cast still the same or is it all like knockoffs?

Oh, it's all well, I'm in it. So, you know, it's all knockoffs got so you knew the answer.

Who was who originally did the part that you're doing?

Nobody I'm mega fat CEO baby. Oh, okay.

I have been invented from the thin air of two people on drugs.

But who is who is the Boss Baby now? Who does that role?

Oh is a man just a man.

JP Cauliac. He's the boss. And he sounds unnaturally like Alec Baldwin.

No, he's just he's so dope and tasty.

He's like it's like if there were two worlds, you know, like with the butterflies when the effect happens.

There's two Boss Baby worlds. This one is equally delicious but different.

Oh, so it's in a parallel universe. In a parallel, sorry, Boss Baby verse.

Yeah, Baby verse. A parallel Boss Baby verse.

Well, that's incredible. So people should watch that right now.

Of course, right away as you're doing it. Scott, what are you up to currently other than this bad boy?

Oh, come on now. I know you're an interviewer, but I was on your show already and I talked about what I was up to.

So just everyone listen to that episode if you want to hear what I'm up to, but no one cares about me.

They care about our guests. They care about the interaction and hearing about you.

Ah, okay. Cool. That's great time.

It is a great time. Tell you what, Flula. Can you stick around the entire show?

I'm used to it. I love to have you right here at my right elbow.

Oh, I really appreciate that because we have several guests to get to today.

So we have to get to them. He we have our next guest.

He is a a producing manager at Mosaic the comedy management.

Are you represented at Mosaic or where? No, but just hearing these first utterances makes me want to switch representations.

I tried to sign you Flula and you you weren't well, Scott, continue step out of the shadows and take off that cloak.

Hello. I am Sprague the Whisperer. Sprague the Whisperer.

You're back. I remember you. How are you? Good to see you.

You were on an episode last year. Yes. Yes.

Oh, wait a minute. I think that you two were both on the same episode, weren't you?

Yes, we met last year. The Raven that I received. That was you.

Yes, I sent you a request for representation. And of course, you said you already were represented and I couldn't whisper to you.

So I thought, you know, maybe I just work the relationship.

Maybe you then fire your manager.

You come to me. What an interesting vowel choice on relationship.

You just say relationship. Yes.

I've got an interesting accent. You do. An interesting accent for an interesting person.

It's true. That's what the show is all about. It's all about interesting people, Scott.

Sprague the Whisperer. Yes. Tell us a little bit about yourself.

Refresh our memory. Well, of course, Scott, I'm a producing manager at Mosaic.

And I also whisper to powerful men and women in the industry.

That's right. I believe we first found out that you were a Whisperer whispering into the ears of powerful people.

And then it came out that you were a manager. Well, it didn't come out.

You know, of course, I'm always representing, you know, I've signed the deals and of course, I've got many clients.

But Scott, don't you don't you primarily work within the Ninja Milieu?

Well, Scott, look, I'm at Mosaic and right now I was given another interesting vowel choice.

Scott, I was given a folder with a bunch of ninja projects and I'm in charge.

Are you Bill Sykes suddenly? Who is it? What the hell is that from Oliver?

Oh, no, no, no. Of course. OK, that's crazy. That would be crazy.

That would be insane. So, Scott. So, yes, I have some bad news to report.

You do? I lost a client recently, Scott.

Oh, no. I mean, that happens a lot for managers. You lose a client, get a client.

This was a huge client. Oh, no. Who did you lose? I lost Bobby Moynihan.

Bobby Moynihan? Yes, I lost Bobby Moynihan.

I lost him. Is that because you could never pronounce his last name?

He said, it's not my last name. I said Bobby Moynihan.

So, look, Scott, I wanted him to do a Drunk Uncle podcast and I wanted his sidekick to be a ninja, of course.

Of course. You run down your ninja, your previous ninja project.

What have you been involved in?

Well, first of all, Flula, if you remember, I have something in pre-pro.

It's three ninjas continue and it's three separate generations of the three ninjas.

It's three ninjas with three on the way. Yes, with three on the way.

Scott, you have a great memory for a lot of these details that I've, I guess as a manager, forgot.

Well, as I recall, the end of the movie was the the main movie stars, the sons of the previous three ninjas.

Of course. All grown up. All grown up. And now and they have girlfriends.

And their girlfriends come in and say, we're pregnant with ninjas.

Roll credits. Roll credits. And then post-credits scene, they give birth and then the baby kicks the doctor in the face.

Right. And then the three ninjas and their three offspring will return.

Of course. And it's kind of like a Thanos throw forward, you know, like in the Marvel Universe.

And I've also worked on Beverly Hills Ninja. Beverly Hills Ninja.

That was a good one. That one I was trying to change to just Silver Lake Ninja.

Make it a little more current, you know. Sure. Los Villas Ninja.

The micro, yeah. A little bit more, you know, be a little chill.

And I was going to have Bobby Moynihan in that.

Oh, you, you, Bobby Moynihan. I was like, look, Moynihan, I want you to be Chris Farley's ninja character, but you're living near that like really nice Thai restaurant.

Everyone likes in Silver Lake. Yes. So wait a minute.

You wanted him to do a Drunk Uncle podcast as a ninja character from?

That's a separate project. Oh, it's separate. It's two separate things.

Scott, you got to catch up, baby. In the industry, we're moving fast, my man.

Maybe this is why I've never been able to quite make it in the industry. It's true.

It's Scott. Now, of course, I'm always looking for new clients, Scott.

I, you know, I'm a UTA fan. I know you're a UTA fan, but of course, those are your agents. And Scott, you know, I do have a project for you. You do? That's true, Scott.

A feature? A feature length film, Scott.

Wow. 90 minutes or above? I think maybe 82 is the cut off for a feature.

But yeah, what is it? 82? I think it's 84. 84?

Okay. Yeah, I like the Olympics. Like the Olympics.

I remember them well. They ran right by my house.

They did, right? Maybe Lou going.

So I continue whisper, please tell more about this film.

This film, Scott, is a reboot. I'm whispering now.

Of course, you have to whisper what I'm whispering. Scott, it's a reboot of what?

Do you remember the Van Damme film, The Quest?

No. No. Yeah, Flula speaks for me. I don't remember it.

I don't remember the quest. Okay, let me pivot. I'll pivot.

I'll pivot.

Just because I don't remember doesn't mean that. I'm going to pivot.

I thought this was a project that was already set up.

You're pivoting from it? Okay, what about the Van Damme project, Double Team, Scott?

Double Team? Dennis Rodman, Van Damme?

I saw a film about a double team yesterday. I don't think it was the same one.

You talking about a pornography, Scott? No.

Well, clearly you want to do a portal? Do Van Damme really put out a film called Double Team, Scott?

It is with Dennis Rodman the worm in a two-hander with Van Damme, and I think they fight a lion at the end of it. Okay.

And I want you to be the star, Scott.

Does Rodman throw basketballs at the lion? There are definitely scenes.

Because he was a good rebounder. Maybe he would be catching them.

He's not a guy that shoots a lot. He's a rebounder, but let's say there's a lot of rebound jokes.

All in the movie. Is he on the rebound occasionally?

He's on the rebound. They talk about boxing out a bunch of times.

But Scott, I can remake this movie. It could be you and Kevin Durant.

Me and Kevin Durant. Double Team.

I would be the Van Damme then. You'd be Van Damme.

Can you do a split? Scott, try to do a split.

Okay, let me try. Everyone step back.

Split. Here we go. Split.

Here we go. Split.

Split.

Aye-yah!

That's a perfect split!

Yeah! Wow!

Okay, I'm back. Scott, you did it!

That was incredible. That was just like Van Damme.

He did a split. For the audience, he did a split between two rolling chairs.

Yeah, let me hold them back again. That was amazing, Scott.

That was incredible!

Those are speechless.

I mean, yeah, I do have some skills. That is on my resume, by the way.

Most of Van Damme's stuff. He was a dancer.

That's right. Yes, he was.

I can put you in Double Team. We can start production tomorrow, Scott.

Really? I mean, I would do it. No one's running after me to star in movies.

Flula, you want to be in a tour?

I would love to. Do you need a physician's... no, a production... PA?

Yes. Do you need a PA?

Yes, we'll need a PA.

Count me in.

By the way, you are a terrible negotiator.

We'll need a PA.

And yes, and also it's an internship.

Oh, so I get college credit.

Oh, well, no, maybe.

You get credit.

Okay.

Look, Scott, just one quick thing.

This is non-union, by the way.

Fine. I'm totally fine with that.

Cool, because I don't want to deal with the taxes and the...

Wait, are you bankrolling this movie?

Oh, yes, Scott. I'm a producing manager, Scott.

Oh, that's right.

You forgot.

I'm all about packaging, baby.

No, packaging is what the agents do.

Well, you know, the producers have been packaging for a long time.

Well, sure.

But look, Scott, let's talk about packaging.

First of all, it's great.

We should all be into it, right?

Yeah, we love it.

You love packaging.

Yeah, I love it when the agents make way more than we do on any project.

Well, now, Scott, that's not the truth.

That's not what's happening with packaging.

That's crazy.

Look, I make a little bit on the front end, a little bit on the back end, and a little bit on the just straight up end in the general.

So, yes, I do make a lot of money, but that's not it, Scott.

It's about taking care of people, baby.

OK, OK.

So you double team.

Would it be called double team?

Wait, we could change it?

Do you want to call it threesome?

I think there was a movie called threesome.

We'll throw Flula in there.

Oh, I just got cast.

Perfect.

OK, so me, Kevin Durant, and Flula.

We're in a movie called Threesome.

Yes, yes.

Is it a remake of threesome because it's called threesome?

No, it's the blood of threesome.

Threesome were three roommates and they all have sex with each other, as I recall.

And we're talking, what's his name from Dead Poets Society?

Robin Williams.

Robin Williams, Billy Crystal and Whoopi Goldberg.

OK.

So I'm pretty sure I saw this on HBO back in the day.

I was like, these guys are funny and they're sexy.

It's a cast of comedy relief.

And then I know that Billy Crystal, he would do a jazz character occasionally during it.

Classic racist.

OK, Scott, I love this idea.

Let's just do that.

Let's do that on HBO.

We'll throw a quick ninja in there.

You'll still be a ninja.

OK, you'll do splits, but the splits will also be sexual in nature.

I like it.

This is good.

We're friggin, this is tight.

And we'll have Durant play a Whoopi Goldberg character.

OK, we'll put him in a wig.

I don't know if we would be into that.

In Hollywood, we love putting our black men in wigs.

I think Kenan Thompson may have something to say about that.

We love putting them in wigs, making them duds around.

A little Madea.

A little Madea, yeah.

And you can say your name incorrectly.

That's an interesting vowel choice.

Yeah, thank you.

Madea.

This is going to be great.

Floon, are you on board?

I'm so on board.

I've been taking notes and I will submit them to you for approval immediately.

This is already good PA stuff.

You're taking notes?

Yes.

Listen, you're doing PA duties and starring in the film at the same time?

Sure.

OK.

This is going to be great for me.

I'm college credit for it.

I wonder which you're going to neglect.

We're going to find out, guys.

Also, it's a student film.

Oh, OK.

Nobody's getting paid.

Wait, so is it SAG student film rates?

Or is it just totally not union?

Non-union, student film, non-accredited university.

OK.

Is that OK?

And what is the budget of this film?

Oh, the budget?

Let me just text my assistant here.

Hold on.

What's the budget for the movie?

OK.

Sorry, I just received a text.

OK.

Oh, wait.

Because you're doing PA duties.

You get to decide the budget?

Yeah.

Just reply to someone.

Look in my bank account.

Here's my password.

Oh, OK.

He's giving him his bank account password.

Check out my account balance.

And I'd say, let's do about 80% of that.

80% of your entire savings?

Yes.

Savings, I guess, and business checking, whatever.

That can be my, OK?

80%?

OK.

What is he doing?

Doing some math here on a phone.

I just received.

So I got three dots.

So he's responding.

It's got to be $1.18.

Hold on.

$1.18.

Expense is killing me.

What do we got?

Say that again.

That's $1.18.

$1.18 is 80% of your bank account?

The budget is $1.18.

Well, it's $0.118.

I mean, when you look at it that way, it's not that bad.

You know?

And we, in fact, we're not paying anyone.

We don't really need any props.

I guess it's 236 hay pennies as well.

That's pretty good.

That's hot.

OK.

Like now we're talking.

Does anyone get paid in hay pennies, Scott?

Well, if you haven't got one, God bless you.

Hell yes, Scott.

That was funny as hell.

OK, Sprague.

I know you're a whatever.

This guy, he's fucking good.

All right, Sprague.

All right.

Oh, Scott.

But you know, Scott, I remember the last time I was here.

Scott, we.

Oh, good.

It was just a few months ago.

Yes, it was just a few months ago.

But I do remember, Scott.

There was another guest here, Scott.

There was another guest, yes.

Do you remember?

She was very fascinated.

She was very, yes.

I was worried about her.

It was she was very interesting.

But we you know, we do need to get to our next guest if that's OK.

Yeah, we can't just reminisce in the past glories of previous.

Reminisce for a few minutes, at least you'd like to reminisce.

OK, let's all reminisce.

Nice.

She was I just felt like she needed to, you know, stand up for herself.

I agree with that.

We're talking about a previous guest on the episode that you both coincidentally happen to be on.

Yes.

Her name, as I recall, was Kayla Dickie.

Yeah, Kayla Dickie.

And she burned into my brain.

She was a girlfriend.

She introduced herself as a girlfriend.

She just introduced herself as Kayla.

I agree.

Right.

Don't.

But she was great.

But we have a packed show today.

So we got another thing we should know about.

We'll talk about it after.

Yeah, we'd love to catch it.

Catch up with it.

Catch up and just sort of reflect on what that experience was like.

Yeah.

Well, let's get to our next guest.

This is incredible because we have a wife coming up.

Oh, interesting.

That's interesting.

Not a girlfriend.

Not a girl.

Well, no, that was a previous episode.

Of course.

Yeah, this we have a wife here.

She is a wife in Colorado.

Please welcome to the show Kayla Dickie.

Oh, Kayla.

Hi.

Oh my God.

Kayla Dickie is back.

Yeah, it's good to see you guys.

What a weird coincidence.

That's so crazy.

Strange.

Everyone lined up well here again.

I wonder if that has ever happened on one of the late night talk shows where the exact same guests have ever been on an episode of Conan or Letterman or anything like that.

That's so crazy.

This is weird.

Welcome back to the show Kayla.

Thanks.

Yeah, we made the drive up.

So we're pumped to be here.

We?

Yeah, me and my husband.

You and your husband?

Yeah.

He finally popped the question.

So before before we get to him, let's talk about it because as I recall I have a mind like a steel trap sometimes for these details.

But as I recall Kayla last time you were on the show you introduced yourself as a girlfriend.

Yeah.

And you were dating a young gentleman named Cart.

Yeah, Cart.

Who had a very large truck.

Yeah, he had the Ford Rockhard.

Rockhard 250 as I recall.

Yes.

And he had a very large truck which the the tires were over eight feet tall.

You're a four foot tall woman.

Yeah, it was twice the size of me.

Twice the size of you.

And so it's like a monster truck that would smash other trucks presumably.

And hats and DVDs in there and stuff.

Oh, that's right.

Right.

DVDs out cold and the like.

And he had a very small penis.

It looked like a Monopoly die.

A dice.

Still not fully sure.

One singular as I recall.

Yeah, it was a dice.

The size of a dice.

It was a die.

Yeah, that's singular of dice by the way.

Dice is two.

I don't know if you know that.

Well, his dick was the size of a dice.

So that's okay.

That's just never clear on the dick size.

Yeah, but and it was cube in nature.

Why do you guys always want to talk about his dick?

It's interesting.

It's interesting to us because it also was speckled and spotted like a die where it had one hole at the top and then you know, it had the opposite sides of the two and five.

I would not obsess at all.

I just more dice than a dick to be honest.

It's a self-described.

I mean if the opposite sides of his penis add up to seven and each time that is an interesting thing.

Interesting to me.

Yeah, the two and the five and the four and the three.

Yeah, it's not why I'm here.

It's not why you're here.

Every time I come you guys just want to talk about that and I want to talk about the important stuff.

I'm just merely running down your facts as I recall them.

So you your boyfriend was cart you work at or you worked the last time we talked to you at Dave's bridal in Colorado.

Yeah, so I used to work at David's bridal.

You used to work there.

You no longer work there.

No, a lot has changed since I've been here.

Okay, but you were working at David's bridal.

Not the good one.

Yeah, the bad one.

The one by the big lot.

I've been there of course.

Yeah, so I'm from Montrose, Colorado and yeah, I just used to work at David's bridal with my girls and I used to date cart.

You used to date cart, but now you're married to him, right?

So cart, that's so great.

So you're married.

What?

No, no twist.

I didn't marry cart.

You didn't.

Well last time we talked you loved cart because he had such a big truck.

Yeah, even though he had a very small penis you loved the size of his truck truck so much and you thought that you would be with him.

Forever because he had such a big truck.

Right, so he had at the time like one of the biggest trucks in town.

He had the Ford Rockhart 250.

250, yeah.

And as I recall last time you were on you mentioned that it was rumored the 350 would come out right around now.

Yeah, it's rumored that the 350 should be out and let me just say it's definitely out.

It's definitely out.

Oh, I don't keep up with these things.

So yeah, well I keep up.

Especially off cycle release dates for trucks.

Very strange to release cars when they are, you know.

Because usually it's September so right.

September year end sales, they get rid of the old models.

To release cars at the beginning of the year is friggin insane.

But you know, I guess people buying these trucks are friggin insane.

So yes.

It's just it's rumored actually that the 450 is coming out.

450.

It's rumored the 450 will be out soon because we also talked about how they would release them in 50s as well.

Skip the 300, skip the 400.

So they skip the 300.

So the 350 is already out and once the 350 came out, I was like, cart like what is going on?

Because he had the 250.

He had the 250.

And I was like, are you gonna get the 350?

And he was like, I don't know.

Oh, okay.

Well, I mean, he's was he leasing the the 250 or?

He bought it.

Well, I mean he had just bought it.

It seems a little.

It's crazy to upgrade.

I was just like, I don't know if this is serious anymore.

Okay.

How long it had been had the 350 been out when you started feeling these feelings like a couple days and I remember just being like, so what is this?

Yeah, where is this relationship going?

But that's when we found Judd.

You found Judd?

We be on we be of the Judd we be trail.

We found Judd.

Okay, hold on.

Hold on.

This is crazy.

Look, we we have to take it.

We have to take a break.

You're talking to me like I had something to talk about.

This is the biggest news is yes.

I'm sorry to waste so much time with crazy.

Unbelievable.

Okay, this is crazy.

My movies not even good.

Look, we got to take a break.

So we need to take a break when we come back.

We'll catch you up on who Judd we be is and you found Judd we be this is incredible news.

Your listeners for paying for Judd.

We found him.

Wow.

Our listeners prayed for Judd and we found him.

All right, let's take a break.

I've got a fucking frab.

I'm gonna call my assistant.

I'm canceling my lunch.

Hold on.

I'm gonna start praying.

Oh, fully.

You're getting a call.

Oh, it is me.

Cancel lunch.

Hello.

Okay, two.

Okay, good.

Good.

I'm here Scott.

Let's do this.

Okay, we're going to take a break.

Flula you go ahead and cancel that lunch.

We'll be right back with more comedy bang bang after this.

Comedy bang bang.

We're back here.

A flula Borg of boom time podcast.

Hello the podcast where he waits until the guest says boom time and then completely abandons it.

Yes, we've had varied lengths.

We've had a point zero two seconds is our shortest podcast and we have one that is still not ended.

It's just an open phone call because I have unlimited minutes.

So just waiting to hear back from him would call for my Chancellor in Germany.

Yes.

We also have Sprague the Whisperer who's a producing manager at Mosaic and whispers into the ears of powerful men and women in Hollywood and trying to pitch them ninja movies and that's part of my Canon but Scott I'm on the edge of my seat right now very very very concerned with Canon like one of our other guests.

You know, it's interesting, you know, that's true.

Yeah, but we also have Kayla Dickey who is a previous guest on this show and before the break she laid down a bombshell.

She dropped a bomb on me.

Wow that they found Judd we be now remind everyone who is Judd we be so Judd we be was the mayor of Montrose and he started a fire.

Because he left some curling irons on and I started a big fire that burned down all of the town.

Yeah, and so the town was like you have to go and he was like I'm not leaving and then he ran up the trail.

He ran up a trail that was in the woods or on the hiking trail a mountain trail or a mountain trail trail and we had not seen or heard from him in seven and a half years.

That was seven and a half years ago.

It was the trail was named the Judd we be trail.

Yeah, was that official?

I don't know that we ever or is that just something you called it?

Yeah, I feel like I heard it from the town people and I visited but I don't know if it's official.

Yeah.

Well, I mean, I don't know that the state recognizes that but definitely everybody in Montrose does now you were Judd we be's assistant when he was mayor, but only the assistant at the courthouse.

He had multiple assistants for various locations.

Yeah, 10 assistant that he would travel to so those are all my girls.

And so me and my girls we used to work as his assistants, but then, you know, obviously he left so we got a job working for his ex-wife Merck his ex-wife Merg we be now were they divorced because he was presumed dead.

No Merg was pissed when he left all those curling irons on because she's like she's the one who taught him how to use them.

Right because he used he used to curl his not only the top of his head but also his leg hair and maybe his pubes.

We never really have a I think it was implied that he did.

Yeah.

So quick clarification.

Judd also had sex with all your girls and cut right?

Yeah.

Okay, so he was having sexual dynamo.

He had a mayoral sex cult.

Yeah, so we all fucked Judd and then he had a truck as I recall the 50 that was one of the originals.

So Judd is the reason that I love trucks and the reason that I know a lot about trucks because he was he would give us the rumors about like what the trucks were coming out and a lot of those I would like find on his Facebook and stuff.

But then once he you know, once he ran up the trail we were like what's next?

So he was up there in that trail for seven and a half years you and your girls would go look for him in shifts.

Yeah, and just call out Judd Judd.

Where are you Judd?

And one time I remember you you thought that you heard him say I'm here and then you looked and it was a bear.

Yeah.

But we thought it might have been a man in a bear costume.

So this is why I'm here.

Like it was straight up Judd.

That was Judd.

We have confirmation and you found Judd.

I not only found Judd I am married to Judd.

Wow, this is incredible.

Twist after twist.

It's like a ninja movie.

I guess because of the ninjas are constantly twisting and contorting their bodies.

They have strong cores, but this is incredible.

I'm very happy for you because first of all, I thought caught was a complete jagged.

I did not like him as well.

This guy sucked here a tiny penis.

He couldn't lift you or something.

Judd's stick is pretty small too.

Okay.

Oh, okay.

All right, but that's I mean, but he has a big I think we established last time that anyone who's bought a big truck has a tiny penis.

There's never been a person with a medium to large penis who's bought a big truck like that.

Yeah, it wouldn't work.

Comes with the territory.

Yeah, it doesn't make sense.

Yeah, so you married Judd.

Well, congratulations.

So you're a wife.

That's why you're a wife.

I'm a wife.

Congratulations.

That's good to hear.

I'm glad you're doing better because last time I was definitely worried about you.

So you said we came out here from Colorado.

Did you come out with Judd?

So Judd's in the truck if you guys want me to.

Please.

Yes, I would love for Judd to come up here.

It's the most interesting person I've ever heard of.

Okay, let me just open the window.

Oh great.

Okay.

Yeah.

Yeah, open the window here.

Judd.

You may have to speak a little louder than he can hear.

But the engine it sounds like a freaking tank out there.

I hear you baby, I'm coming.

Oh, I think I heard.

I think you heard like Jackson made or something.

Speaking of a stars boy.

That was incredible.

Wow.

He was watching it digging in the truck.

Can you imagine going to a Jackson Maine concert by the way?

Not to get off on a movie that came out months and months ago, if not half a year ago.

Can you imagine going to a Jackson Maine concert and he says, hey, by the way, my girlfriend wants to sing some songs.

It would be freaking insane.

I think about that all the time.

If I was at a concert and they'd like, you know, is that like arcade fire or something?

They started some song.

I've never freaking heard before.

They brought out some stranger.

I'm like, I'm a bit shit.

I mean, just that was a duet at least later on in the movie.

He just basically like seeds stage time to her.

He's like drinking coke on the side.

Yeah.

He's just like, hey, have at it, babe.

And then she just goes up and it's like, it's fine.

Yeah, that's your girlfriend or whatever.

Maybe we've kept up with that on YouTube or something, but you know, Scott, we should host the Oscars.

Yeah.

Sorry.

This is next year in 2020 because the other ones have already come out.

Well, it happened, but we got hosting us today.

Kayla is Judd.

Where is Judd?

Come up here.

Hey, baby, who are these guys?

Hi, these are my friends.

Can I introduce ourselves?

My name is Scott Aukerman.

I'm the host of comedy bang bang.

This is flu.

Leborg.

He is a former techno DJ who has now he started doing events and now is not can not consider it doesn't consider himself to be a comedian, but has worked within the field.

Mainly.

I'm now paying Ninja movies.

Right.

So very exciting.

And this is Sprague the Whisperer.

Hi Sprague Jensen Sprague the Whisperer.

Yes, we had Kayla on the show a few months back and she told us all about your incredible story and I don't think it's been picked up by any of the news outlets.

So I would love to break some huge school news stories here about you.

I have been I put I had a goo I weirdly enough had a Google alert for Judd.

We be Judd with one D.

What do you just because I wanted to judge I want to yeah exactly.

He runs exactly rhymes with chud and is spelled very similarly quickly, but it has that J that the John's people got they threw those days away.

I mean, what do you want to know?

You know, I started a big fire and then I disappeared on a trail in the mountains and we know all about that.

We know but I guess we want to know what have you been doing the previous seven and a half close to eight years at this point.

Well, I went up this trail, you know, the Judd weedy trail.

Yeah, I mean, I'm honored.

I'm flattered named a trail after me, you know, unofficially from what I understand.

Well, whatever.

I mean, it's still flattering.

Mm-hmm.

It's good.

They're very humble guy.

I killed a bear for warmth and I crawled inside it.

Oh likely not or to caprio.

Yeah.

Yeah, how soon did that happen real soon?

So you so what day was it that you ran away day one that would have happened day one.

Okay, I guess I meant day of the week.

But do you mean Sunday?

Yeah Sunday.

Okay, that's day one good.

Yeah, because Monday is not the start of the week Sunday is the start Sunday a calendar.

Yeah.

Yeah, so you ran up there on a Sunday and you killed that bear.

This bear was like who started the fire.

And uh, and I was like, it was me and it wasn't a talking bear.

You're just mean like physically it looked like hey who started the fire.

I didn't hail a lot of smoke man.

So maybe it was talking.

Maybe it wasn't anyway, I punched into its stomach.

Oh my God, you punched you into dad's super strong a bare stomach and then I crawled inside for warmth because the Sun had just gone down while it was still writhing or grasping to life or I guess so.

I mean, whatever is more respectful of animal life.

Just a quick question about this punch.

Was it a ninja punch?

Yeah, it was a ninja punch.

That's unofficial though the state doesn't recognize it as a ninja punch.

Yeah, Colorado says that there are no ninjas in the state.

I like this guy.

So I crawled inside of it.

I mean, I heard about a guy who recently strangled to death a mountain lion, but you punched a bear to death.

Yeah.

Wow.

And part of it was to hide out from the cops who I thought would be coming to get me because I started this fire.

No, it's not illegal to start a fire unless I guess unless you're doing it intentionally was it intentional?

No, it wasn't intentional.

I was trying to curl my hair up top and also down down there.

Right.

Yeah, you mean your pubics?

Yeah, because my pubes are there they grow straight and long.

There's that's the opposite of most pubes.

Exactly.

It's like Dogtown and Z-boys down there.

I tell him to leave them straight.

Oh, really?

Yeah.

You like it.

I like them straight.

You like them straight.

Yeah.

Wait, just to confirm.

It was not a man in a bear suit that you killed and then crawled inside.

I mean, I hope not.

It was pretty dark in that bear.

Got it.

Okay.

So you that'd be terrible if I killed a bear suit and a man.

Yeah in a bear suit.

That's a double homicide.

Yeah.

So you did you scoop out the innards or something or when you got into that bear or I mean slowly they slid into the feet of the bear and then I just cut a hole in the foot.

Sounds like there was a person in there.

Yeah, that's like a human murder.

I don't want to get into a murder.

I feel like we're getting into the weeds.

This would suck.

I don't want to implicate you on this podcast.

Thank you.

Yeah.

Were there a lot of people hanging out in bear costumes up there on the trail back then or?

It's hard to tell a bear from a man in a bear costume.

Obviously.

Oh, yeah, of course.

We would wave to each other but I figured it was just a bear waving at me.

Oh.

Definitely.

That's definitely a person.

A bear costume.

Was there a bear festival going on?

Uh-huh.

Yeah, all base.

It was a Sunday.

Yeah, it was just all base.

All these bears playing bass.

Okay.

Do do do do do do do do.

Did it have a name or?

Bear bass festival.

Oh, the BBF.

Yeah.

And you were the mayor of this town.

Uh-huh.

Yeah.

It's interesting.

It doesn't you don't see mayoral.

Well, I got a strange charisma about me.

Yeah.

I'm finding this.

Yes.

I am into you.

Hey Scott.

Yes.

I just wanted to stare at your face.

Oh, thank you.

Judge.

That was very Jackson Bay.

Yeah.

So so Judd you you crawled into a bear costume day one and I would imagine that it decomposed over the next eight years.

Uh-huh.

It was a pretty sad looking bear by the end.

I caught a glimpse of myself in town once because I would just kind of wander the town.

You would wander through the town.

There's a bear.

The trash because he'd go to get some food and would you resign yourself to only eating what a bear could eat meaning like if someone had closed the trash can lids you would you'd not get yeah, then I'd be perplexed.

Couldn't get open.

You batted it with your hands for a while.

Exactly.

Yeah, same you get a bite into it.

Get a nice bass drum gline going.

Right.

Oh, yeah, the bear bass the bear bass.

So you you would wander into town occasionally and with the local news outlets pick this up or were you ever caught on camera or anything like that?

I mean, I was really off the grid.

I wasn't even checking Twitter.

It was really hard to find him me and the girls.

We you know, we've been trying for so long and right on but then one day, you know, I did see him going through my trash and I said Jed really he was in the bear costume.

He was in the yeah.

Yeah, he was in the bear costume and you you having seen him previously previously on comedy bang bang you saw him one of those you saw him in the bear costume and thought it might be him.

And so you thought yeah, I mean I had seen.

Haven't I seen what I thought might be him.

But this time I was like I knew it was him because I saw like, you know, the bear had like kind of deteriorated enough that I could see his straight.

His tattoos his tattoos.

What can we see some of these bad boys on unique?

What do you got?

What do you what are you rocking down there?

They're mostly on my feet ankle down.

Okay, show us strange.

Oh my god.

Wow.

Got a Nike swoosh a Puma swoosh.

You need a strap looks like a shoe looks like several shoes.

They go, but your shoes you like you bash up like a kid's dream shoe every brand.

It's crazy.

The bottom says saw Kony.

Oh, wow.

So Kony, Saccone, Kony 2012.

I don't know how you say it.

It's Kony 2012.

So it's just John I have I have a question.

I'm interested in why you you ran away because I have a suspicion that you slept with all these people in town and it was catching up to you Judd and you murdered maybe was was going to find out about this sleeping with all your with all of her girls and and you were pissed and you said I'll burn the city down and run into the mountains and no one will ever find me.

I mean, I wish that I could say it was that clear route.

I definitely in hindsight thought like hey, this has gotten me out of a lot of jams that I got into because I fucked my way through town.

Yes, right.

Right.

So the the fire was almost like a deus ex machina in a way of getting you out of all of your your problems.

I think it's pronounced deus ex machina.

But yeah, okay.

I bet you are.

I mean Flula would know maybe I would say it's a tie it depends on the region in Pennsylvania.

It's high goes to the runner.

So I think you are the runner so I'll give it to you.

I would say deus ex machina.

Oh and who did you just get fired by Bobby?

What?

Well morning.

He had yeah, of course.

So so you were gone for what is the statute of limitations on this fire by the way, were you did it elapse?

It was seven years.

Yeah, seven years.

The whole thing seems very convenient.

No, honestly, look I was just trying to straighten my pubes and I burned down and I burned down the courthouse and my house trying to curl your pubes.

Oh, yeah, curl my pubes.

Oh, judge.

I have a question.

They can't get any straighter.

It sounds like you have a lot of love desires in your life while you are in town.

Did you have any love achievements while you were away from town?

Yeah, I mean seven years as a bear who knows what you had sex with did you fuck a bear?

Yeah, I made love to some bear.

Okay.

Oh, well, that's were these other people just there for the bear festival or were they actual bears?

Yeah, was it one year from the day you killed that first bear bunch of other bears showed up and you're like, oh, I'm gonna fuck one of these bears.

I don't know.

I mean the base guy going and it just got real sick.

I mean try to not fuck when when all of it was like 60 bears and they're all playing upright.

Okay.

Sorry to say this in front of your new wife.

Don't of course.

I'm fine with it.

I'm totally okay with who and what he wants to fuck and me and my girls like we're we're his wives now.

So it's wait the other girls are also his wives.

Yeah, we we all got married and you're in a polyamorous relationship with the rest of your girls and Joe.

We've always been fucking judge.

That's why we were so happy, you know unhappy when Jed left when Judd left and Deanna's cart wanted in too and I had to say no, you said no.

Poor car.

I mean cart couldn't get that big truck.

So right and judge.

What do you drive?

Ford rock hard 350.

Oh, wow.

So you where did you pick that up by the way?

Because did you pick it up after Kayla found you or did you have it out there in the on the trail?

I had pre-ordered it from the dealership.

Yes.

You had a pre-order these things.

So you pre-ordered it knowing the statute of limitations was about to elapse and you could return to society.

You're making me seem like a mastermind criminal.

It's not that clear.

You just were flipping through a catalog or online or something happened to pre-order a truck thing not even thinking you would have a use for it.

Uh-huh.

Yeah.

I actually had just sent the email to the dealership pre-ordering it when my pubes had gotten curled enough.

I set the curling iron down on the magazine.

I was flipping.

Oh, wait, you pre-ordered it seven years ago.

Yeah.

Wow.

Wow, that is foresight.

This guy it seems like a plan but you're saying it's all a coincidence random.

Okay coincidence man.

Okay.

How the hell did you get married?

Like what did you did you just immediately propose or how did you what's the courting process in?

Yeah.

So when I saw him going through my trash, I was like get up here and he climbed into my apartment.

Oh, that's like the opposite of what guys would do to you because they would see you with a big truck and they would say get up in here right and you would just follow their every command right?

Yeah.

So I guess I kind of channeled some of that energy and I said you get up here some of that SDE the small dick energy like that like you doing things for yourself girlfriend, but then he said no you come down here and I said, okay.

Oh, okay.

Well, let's hear and I climbed out at least tell you what we need to take another break.

This is another one.

This is astounding news every left turn is more questions.

This Judd we be guys of absolute conundrums.

We need to find out what you're up to now how you guys got together got married and what's coming up for you guys as well. Let's take a break though.

When we come back.

We'll have more Flula more Sprague the Whisperer more Kayla Dickey and more Judd we be back from the presumed dead.

Yeah, we'll be right back with more comedy bang bang.

Comedy bang bang.

We're back here with Flula Borg of the boom time podcast and we also have Sprague the Whisperer out there constantly putting together and packaging Ninja Films doing my job.

We also have Kayla Dickey of Montreux be okay with Kayla we be now you took his name.

Okay Kayla we be and Judd we be Judd with one D and he was the former mayor of Montrose, Colorado and now he's back.

He was in a bear costume and now you're you're back.

Tell us about how quickly did you guys get together?

Yeah, so I climbed down from my apartment and we just fucked right there in the trash and in the trash Kayla.

What was in the trash?

Do you recall anything that was there in the trash at the time and some sharp stuff for sure some sharp stuff like what like hypodermic needles or glasses?

Yeah, a lot of broken glass like a lot of Snapple bottles.

Well, you smash your Snapple bottles before you put them in the trash just to save space.

I'm at the window and oh, okay.

So I got really caught up and it was all worth it because afterwards Judd's like, okay, let's go find everyone else the assistants.

So Judd at that point had you decided that you were going to return to society?

Yeah, I mean the jig was up, you know, and I figured the statute of limitations being what they were that sounds like more like what actually no honestly, that's a coincidence but primarily the jig was up and that's why you were you returned.

Yeah.

I mean also like the bear suit was decomposing at such a rapid rate at that point, right?

You could pretty much tell that it was just a human wearing a bear head and mostly a body.

Okay, so you do admit now that it was a human.

Yeah.

Yeah, I guess so.

What is the statute of limitations on murder?

Well, I don't know that it ever expires.

I don't think it does.

Maybe Colorado.

I don't know but you know, I don't think that's first-degree murder.

Yeah, it was probably maybe manslaughter.

He meditated.

Yeah.

Oh, yeah clearly self-defense like a bear is coming at you waving its arms.

From what you were describing was waving at you like saying hello.

How could I know that?

It's fair.

I don't know that point.

It's a fair point.

I guess anyone who came to that bear festival the bear base festival maybe signed a disclaimer that look if anyone shoots us or Ninja punches us into the stomach to death, you know, it's our fault because we're wearing a bear costume.

Absolutely.

Yeah.

Okay.

Yeah, I could dig that up too, but I definitely signed it a few years in a row.

Okay, so you decided then let's get back together with the other nine women or the other 10 9 9 right his tennis assistance turtle.

So I called Cassie and I called Trish and I called Tosh and I called Meg and I called Tosh was the one who was in charge of the the home fire.

Right?

I recall.

Yeah, so she really fucked up but it was on Tosh and I called I guess it.

That's no good.

I called the mayor and I called Bert.

You called all the people.

Okay, you called everyone and they called Ashley.

Okay, great.

Great.

Yeah, so you called the other nine girls.

Yeah, and then they were like, what are we going to do about Merg?

And then I stepped up and I said I'll tell Merg.

Oh, okay that dealing with it like a like a responsible like a man in a decomposing bear suit.

We're good.

Did you keep the bit where you were still wearing the bear suit?

Yeah, but it I mean honestly it was a hot day was rapidly falling off.

There had been no hot days previous to this.

No, is that what you're scott?

Wait, let me see this scarf.

Is this just the remnants of the bear suit?

You're still wearing it.

Yeah.

Well, it's what's left.

It's the neck.

The neck piece just won't come off.

Oh, that's weird.

Yeah, that is disturbing.

Yeah, say this guy's just so much as Jaghav is caught by the way, you're wearing a necklace filled with other bear.

It was it has other bear paws on it or these the other Bears that you've killed and had sex with up in the last seven years.

Well, whenever another bear would die at the festival, you just kind of take one of its hands and put it on a necklace.

All right, great.

Would die is very passive way to describe would happen to die. You guys are putting so much on me man.

All right, what you never even been to one of these festivals.

If you think this is bad, I think the the court system there in Montrose, Colorado would be even worse.

I mean that you're going to have to on have you have you publicly come out as a human and not a bear now as the former mayor of the town Judd Weeby.

Yeah, publicly came out as a former mayor and human.

Are you running for mayor again?

It sounds like the town wants me to run.

Really, but I go anywhere in Montrose.

I hear these whispers.

He's running.

I go for a jog people like he's running but they might think you might be running up back to the trail running for anything.

By the way, these may be FBI agents who are trying to communicate on Rocky talkies with their their their comrades.

Can I ask you this?

Are you jogging with this is happening?

Yeah, that's what they're talking about.

Are you leaving the house in a hurry when you hear this all the time?

I tend to run late.

Also, I mean if these FBI agents are registered I want their vote. Weeby.

You're in a lot of trouble.

You're not gonna lie.

You're a nice girl.

Look the point is I did the right thing.

I went to Murg's house.

I said you're no longer Murg Weeby go back to your maiden name Griffin.

Okay.

Did you make her change her first name too or yeah back to Merv?

So you're like her for her name was Merv Griffin.

Yeah.

Okay.

No relation.

That's interesting.

Who?

No, my before your time Murray lives in Colorado.

They don't know shit out there.

Look I've been off the grid in a bear costume for seven and a half years.

Yeah, the last seven years have been really popping off a bear Griffin sounds like murder.

I'm sure Merv Griffin got famous and on famous in that time sort of a flab.

I like but the thing is is that Murg is missing now.

Murg is missing.

So we don't know what happened to Murg and what's the last time anyone saw Murg?

So I saw Murg obviously went after this whole thing, but then I had to go to work and I was like I saw Murg and I was like look, I'm sorry, like I'm gonna be with Judd now and she was like you need to shut up.

And I was like look you need to shut up.

Okay, then she pushed me into all the dresses.

Okay, and I was a softball.

It sounds like a mattress of dresses.

Yeah, like that.

I couldn't get out.

It was like quicksand.

Oh, I just stuck.

I was literally just like stuck in the dresses trying to get out for like I'm not kidding like four or five hours.

Yeah, and that we weren't in the shallow were you?

And yeah, you're in the deep end.

Hey.

I don't know what's happening.

We like to sing to each other.

So I'll be like, I'll be like I'm in your back truck.

I'm in your big truck and you're in my vagina.

Okay.

I like it.

Good stuff.

So she pushed you into these dresses.

So yeah, and then seriously she ran and look like my girls were on break.

So no one was there and David's Bridal.

Everyone else was on break at this.

Yeah, so I was the only one.

Okay, and we had really bad Yelp reviews after because I was like not helping because I was stuck in the dresses.

Really?

So for that how long was it about an hour?

No, like four or five hours.

Four or five hours.

Oh wow.

And no one helped you.

They came in looking for help saw someone rolling around in dresses and said I'm going to give a bad deal.

Right one star and I wasn't there because I was having an emotional day.

I just found out that my dad's ranch got turned into a wind farm and that was devastating.

Pretty devastating sounds very similar to another story that I heard recently.

You imagine they died.

They turned his beautiful ranch into this wind farm, right?

Yeah, it wasn't that where he was buried to or I don't know if you know where his body is.

Let me know.

Well, so you did not see Merg run off and that's the last anyone ever saw her.

It's a rumored.

She's up on one of those trails the Merve Griffin trail.

Did they name it after like the unofficially unofficially they calling it the Merve Griffin trail.

So she's up there the Merve Griffin trail you think or is anyone searching for her like you search for Judd.

We're just like kind of like okay with it and like if she needs to be up there everyone's just letting her be I wonder what the statute of limitations is on pushing someone into some dresses.

Maybe she's waiting.

It's probably waiting.

It's like a simple assault or something.

You might have a kid that big couldn't get out of the dresses before by that.

Oh, I have a question.

Yes.

So you have nine friends wife people.

What are they called your partners?

Yeah, my wives.

Why are you do you consider yourself to be married to each other or just all of you were married to judge?

We call each other sister.

Sister wives.

Okay.

Yes.

What was your so was it you have married each other was the wedding with everybody or was the 10 separated weapons?

Yeah, that's right.

And well, we each wanted to feel important.

Yeah.

So I had the first ceremony.

Oh, this is the first what sorry ceremony.

Oh, okay.

Just with older accent come out.

Sorry.

Montrose comes out strange ways.

Of course.

I had it.

And we just did it in my backyard and classic where all the broken glasses that was so painful.

We were walking on broken glass.

Oh, wow.

Should I just a real Annie Lennox situation who I think that she was famous the last seven years.

You do a very Linux all over you mister.

Yeah, you missed out.

It was so sad though.

Cuz like I couldn't get one of the dresses from David's Bridal cuz you know, it's super expensive and you don't give me a discount anymore cuz Merc's not there right who's running it.

Cart, you don't know.

Cart cart steps out.

He was working at the bakery.

He stepped up.

All right, that's pretty bad ass.

Step up like that, but the step up and run of someone else because I respect that it was cool.

Honestly, because it was we got into a dick measuring contest really quick.

Oh like guys like guys with big trucks do you know what I mean?

Sure.

It was actually it was so close.

Yeah, there we couldn't find rulers that had specific enough measurements.

I hate to ask I test it look the same.

How hot your dick is as small.

It looks like a dice.

No, it's more like a domino flat side down.

Okay, that's all bad.

Okay, at least you can see so we're Domino's half a Domino's half a Dom half of a Domino's half of a Domino's Domino's there's a there's a one on the top and then a two on the bottom for the balls.

I want to say gets it done.

Yeah.

Why are you say that you want say it?

I want to say that it makes me feel good.

Okay, look, can I talk to you in private for a second?

Oh, yeah, you guys go off into the corner over here.

We'll just kill it.

Yeah.

Do you need to get the fuck out of here?

Do you know are you are you safe?

I can get you out of here.

I've got I represent clients.

I've gotten out of the town in no time.

I can get you out of here.

I see.

I'm so good.

Like I'm loving being a wife and excited to get my children's out of my body and stuff.

You're pregnant.

Yeah, Jesus.

Wait a minute.

What Scott Scott.

I have another guy's talking about Scott.

She's frigging pregnant.

It's a disaster.

Right?

What?

Kayla, so we don't know who's it is.

Well, how do you not know this?

Who's else could it be?

Do you mean cart or do you mean one of the other sister wives?

Well, so I've just been walking around a lot lately and I just yeah, you walk the streets a lot as I recall you been in other trucks.

So I want to say no.

Okay, but are you going to say no?

So a reminder you are under oath everyone takes an oath when they walk in to do comedy bang bang.

We're all sworn to tell the truth.

Oh, wait, you should have said oh, that was a dead giveaway.

My bad.

Yeah, you're going to be tried for perjury as well.

Roger Stone esque behavior.

No, no, no, honestly, I feel bad because I didn't know that I was I was already telling the truth.

I just didn't know that I signed that.

Oh, okay.

Well, John, it sounds like your wife is telling you she may be cheating on you.

Well, we're in a pretty oh, oh shit.

And do you know babe, you know Tark?

Yeah.

So Tark Tark is that ta RC?

Yeah, it's like an anagram of cards.

Yeah, almost like caught Tark picked me up to give me a ride over to victim Montrose to get some croissants.

What where cart used to work and one thing led to another.

And let's just say I'm like covered in flour and dough and I'm is that a euphemism for his semen because it's it could be at the bakery.

They got out of the I don't know.

I was at the croissants have crumbled.

Yeah, quite sure what's going on either way.

It's intimate and I'm devastated.

John.

Are you okay?

This is terrible, man.

I don't know how to process my emotions.

I mean look at me don't run away.

Don't run away.

I want to run away.

Don't you can't do it.

You're running don't go up the Merv Griffin trail because Merv Griffin will be there.

Stay.

Oh, it's worse.

I feel like cooking the steak and giving it to my dog.

If you know what I mean.

Oh, no, please don't do that.

Please don't do that.

Oh, right, right.

Okay.

I follow down.

I have no idea but I support it.

Why would you do this to me?

I only did it because Tark has the 450.

Oh, so 450 is out.

That's the biggest twist of all.

Are you sure he's not just people have just turned off the podcast and just ran to this.

Listen, I got a pre-order the 450.

I don't know how he got it.

He said he was rumored that it was going to be on the message boards like to order.

It was rumored that it was going to be on one of the message boards.

He already has it.

Wow, how big are the wheels?

So about three times the size of me.

That's like 12 feet.

That's insane.

That's not possible.

That's almost well Scott you're pretty tall, 6 feet.

That's good.

That's almost like one of those industrial like mining trucks or something.

Yeah, it's like no you can't even drive that on the road.

That's not legal.

It's freaking insane.

It's not Street legal.

It's not I'm so sorry.

I have you this is terrible, man.

I might run back into the mountains.

All right, please don't do that.

Yeah angry ex-wife is up there.

You don't want to run into math.

Yeah.

Well, she wouldn't do this to me.

Jed, I'm so sorry.

I know that like I know you want this baby.

I want it.

I want that baby.

What do you want it?

Way to say that I want that baby.

I want to hold it.

I want to feed it.

Okay.

All right.

I want to help it learn the ways of the world.

That's pretty cute.

Okay.

I don't know what you mean by this.

I feel terrified as you describe it.

It's terrifying.

What about your other wives?

You've ate at the what about the rest of the girls?

It's kind of a package deal.

You know what?

I mean, it's all for one one for all.

Yeah, like the three musketeers and D'Tanya.

That's D'Tanya.

Well, look, you know, every guest who does the show not only swears themselves in by putting their hand on one of the holy books, but we also do a 23andme DNA test.

So we can we've been doing the testing here and we also found out that you that you were pregnant that came up in the test and we have the results here.

If you want to hear who is the father of this baby.

I don't want to hear.

You don't want to hear.

Well, Judd, do you want to hear because this concerns you as well?

I can't believe I just pissed my pants in front of all of you.

I had not noticed because you're sitting down.

That's fine.

I did smell something.

Thank God for black jeans.

I have no idea.

Hi.

Yeah.

All right.

Yeah, I want to hear can we get a drop of Flula just saying thank God for black jeans by the way, thank God for black jeans.

Okay, that's pretty good.

All right.

So you do you want to do you want to hear the results of this DNA test?

I got to know who the daddy is.

Wow.

All right, they've given it to me in an envelope.

So it's between talk or TRC who or Judd here and let me see.

All right.

Judd we be so it's me.

No, I'm merely dry.

No, that's a real fake out.

He's doing a sorry doing a Maury Povich wind-up.

He's he's really setting the stage.

Sorry.

I know that's confusing.

I thought you would already read it.

Yeah, let me let me I should I should usually start like this.

I'm going to address you first.

Don't think that it's you.

I'm just going to say your name first.

Oh, but it's never the person that you say first Judd we be.

Oh, yeah.

No, I'm telling you again.

I gave you the disclaimer.

This guy's thick as hell.

You're playing with my emotions, dude.

Judd we be.

Yeah, you are.

Uh-huh.

Not the father.

What?

Wow, that's huge.

But there's an even bigger twist.

I can't take any more twists.

I have a heart attack your DNA matches the fabled Colorado bear killer.

The cold case.

No, the cold case.

That's right.

Colorado bear killer.

It was self-defense.

I'm sorry if I were you I wouldn't make any comments on this until you get to get a lawyer or something.

This is fucked up fuck lawyers.

It was self-defense.

The bear waved at me.

I gotta say this is a bad idea.

My bad.

I don't know that we needed the DNA to see it already.

It's kind of a slab duck you trust me.

Hey, you want to plausible did I but I had already admitted to it.

I need DNA to tell me but according to this the authorities have been searching for this guy because there are 43 human beings that have been killed out there up on the Judd we be trail 43, but were they is there bear DNA mixed in with it?

No, it's all just human DNA.

They were like some human bear hybrids.

You'd be okay killing.

That's not what it is.

I didn't kill I didn't kill any humans.

I might have punched upwards of 43 bears.

You punched into them.

It's a look when the base is flowing.

That's not a good defense punching and throwing it will if I can play this base in court.

But I don't think they start I don't think they're going to allow you to play.

I say this guy is pretty charming like a Ted Bundy type.

They might let you divide yourself.

Yeah, you may get a Netflix show out of this.

I don't know.

Thanks.

I'll say this would be a great Netflix show and I love the ninja part and I'd love to consult on it.

Oh, I would bench this.

Yeah and flu.

You could be the PA on it.

You would love to do this.

Yes, you want to get in there.

I just want to get in on this.

Yeah, I'll do this is a great I'll do literal punch.

Okay.

So look my agency can protect you from the law.

We have some great guys.

Look look get your sign with me.

I'll slide you this contract sign with be put on this Ninja costume.

And yes, the Ninja costume.

Let me read this mosaic.

Is that one of the top five?

Oh, yeah.

Well, you know, we're kind of a boutique but we've got reach all over Hollywood.

I've got to say tentacles tentacles because like the top three do a lot of package deals and actually that greases a lot of wheels.

It is definitely does but again, this is a management company or an agency.

We you know, but do you want to swallow?

They're not bound by the same laws that agents are.

I would just want a personal relationship with my manager.

Absolutely.

Look you walk into Brill scene tomorrow.

They're not going to remember who the hell you are.

Would you come into mosaic?

I know your name.

I know who your wife is.

I know everything going on.

Why?

Okay, love wives.

Why?

Well, I only know.

Okay.

Yeah, you know who the wives are.

Yeah, I know Kayla down.

There's Ashley.

There's a couple other people.

Tashi, of course, of course.

It's all of Josh, you know, I want to sign you and maybe I can protect you Becky Becky, of course.

Yes.

There was a bird in there.

There's a couple mail names as well, right?

Kasha.

There was a Kasha Kasha.

Okay.

She got see.

Well, what do you think?

John?

I can I can sign you.

If you can protect me and I can play most of the other Bears in the production.

Now you have demands.

Okay.

We're gonna have to find protection would be enough for me.

My God.

All right, you know, you might be too hard to deal with.

You know, I'll buy your rights and maybe we'll talk to Jill in all or something.

What?

No, you're done.

We be I was trying to hook you up.

I'm done with you.

This is how quickly things happen in Hollywood.

I'm sorry.

What up texting my agent cancel those contracts.

Oh, man.

I've been taught a lesson.

Just got a text.

Now the law is going to be coming after me.

I can't even hide out on my daddy's Ranch because it's a wind farm.

Yes.

Well, Judd, I want you to be concerned more about your marriage.

It looks to be falling apart.

I just don't even know like who you are anymore.

I'm confused.

I'm just we be here's the 350 and he's murdered 43 people wearing their suits for 50, you know in self-defense.

They were waving at me to I'll say the whole sex cult thing is not helping yourself to it.

There's a whole pattern of events.

You really don't get it brought up on multiple charges.

Don't judge polyamorous people.

No, we're not judging you, but it's just in the code all the facts together.

It's not what I'm going to tell the girls like what am I supposed to say to Becky regarding the paper the who the father of your child is or know that he's like this killer.

You guys didn't know you didn't put that together.

No, Jesus, Kayla blindsided and not hashtag blindsided.

I had to go tell Ashley.

You gotta tell Ashley and Cassie got a tell tell ya.

We don't need to run through the entire bird Tosh everyone.

Kasha are you going to be leaving Judd here and going over to Tark?

I don't know what like Jed like what can you give me that Tark can't I can pre-order the Ford Rockard 550 motherfucker.

I can raise that child is my own what the for 550 or yeah.

Yeah, got it.

Yeah.

Okay, that's crazy.

Put it in your is it rumored to be out the 550 is it rumored to be on the message boards yet?

It definitely is.

Okay.

I just got an alert for that.

Okay.

Well look then I guess that's good enough for me Kayla.

This seems like a crazy you can't keep sustain this.

No, what if they okay?

What are they going to go make a Rockhard a thousand or something?

I mean you found some 50 has that been rumored?

No, but I mean me saying and I guess I'm putting it out there.

The technically excited because that's a rumor.

What's a rumor?

Yeah, you are whispering whisper.

You know, it's not to whisper.

So you do know that there's a Rockhard 1000 out there.

Why are you looking you have suddenly pivoted away from Judd and you're just it's just I'm interested.

Well, it's just that if they're making them, you know, they're going up by number you imagine unless they go out of business.

They're going to get to what thousand fifty you got it.

If you got the thousand like for sure you stop grabbing him.

That's not that's my cloak.

Don't touch that.

Really soft.

Okay, don't touch the clip.

I don't like this.

It's off though.

Okay, boy.

Yeah, don't touch him.

Most of you either you got you touch it.

All right.

Well, maybe I will wait a sec.

That is so so it's very so this is like me.

This is like 27 wedding dresses.

I could fall into this thing.

Wow.

This is pretty nice.

I don't like this.

Oh, John.

Hey, you want to kiss me?

Okay, I don't know what just happened.

I don't know how this shit.

I almost started having sex with John Weavey.

He's got a powerful magnetism.

My guys got something about he's like Magneto.

We should kiss after the podcast.

Okay, look off.

I could say no guys.

I don't know.

There's so many unanswered questions.

I mean primary for me whether Tark is just cart going the other way back to his real business.

I have a strong suspicion that Tark is in a costume and he's faking all this the easy is back in it.

Tark did you some of carts lines?

Yes, like it's caught.

He was like you need to shut up.

And I was like, I what that's classic cart.

That's classic cart.

He's like I'm coming after you.

You better run.

Did he say you were asking for it?

Oh, yeah, that's classic cart.

That's cart ding ding tings.

That's caught.

Yeah, and then he's like get in here like and he had what's that movie the one about Princess Bride the documentary the one about the Princess Bride.

I think it's Princess Bride.

Yeah, so we were watching that and I was like, whoa, that giant is so big.

Andre the giant.

Yes.

Yeah, and he was like, he's like shut up.

Okay, so he says shut up a lot.

And I was like, this is fun.

You know what?

Can you bring Tark in at some point?

We need Tark.

I would love to have cart as well.

I want to see Tark and Cott in the same room.

Maybe even Ashley and Tasha.

We got to talk to Tasha.

What about Kasha?

Kasha, don't worry about Kasha.

Bring whoever but we really got to get above this.

Because Kasha wants to come.

Okay, okay.

I would love to have Kasha here.

Anyone who wants to come, I just want to know what I'm supposed to tell the girls.

Just bring them all.

Which ones can I bring?

Bring them all.

And tell them that you're hungry.

We'll pay for it.

First class accommodations and travel all that.

Where are we going to stay?

Where do you want?

I mean, usually we put up guests of the show here at the London here in town.

Yes, Mosaic has a couple of rooms at the W.

We can put you on.

Thank you again.

Yes, of course.

Yeah, just a couple, huh?

All right.

Well, this guy's very demanding.

Look at this guy. You lived in a bear suit for eight years and now you're pushing him out of the room?

This guy's out here trying to...

He doesn't know how to say it in Hollywood.

Look, we'll have a talk, okay?

Because you don't get it.

I don't think I want to be with Mosaic.

That's all I'm saying.

You know what?

We don't need your ass, to be honest.

What are you going to sign with?

UTA fans.

Okay, but then...

All right, look.

We need to...

We're running out of time.

We need to play Would You Rather or something.

No, no, no.

We just have one last thing to do.

And that is a little something called plugs.

Oh, I like this.

Hey, that was incredible.

Nice and short and dope AF.

Flula, that was like something you would put together.

Oh, absolutely.

That's in your genre, isn't it?

Oh, it's so deep in my genres.

I would love for you to do a plugs theme next time you come.

Count me in.

Yeah, great.

Okay.

Just come ready with it next time.

I will do that.

Okay.

That was Hotline Plugs by Tyler Beckwith.

Thank you so much, Tyler Beckwith.

All right.

What are we plugging?

Flula, what do you have to plug here?

I have been regularly using the latrine.

Sure.

Yeah.

So you can catch you in there at some point?

Yeah, catch me inside most latrines.

Catch you inside?

Yeah.

Why?

Yeah, I started using inside the latrine.

Great.

And boom time the podcast.

Hello.

Of course.

Sprague, what do you have?

Well, I'm a producer on a new NBC show called Abbies.

It's coming out every Thursday.

Sure.

Last time you were here, you were plugging Wrecked.

Of course.

Yes, but that's all, you know, that's past and we've unfortunately did not get picked up.

So thanks for bringing that up.

Sorry.

But I've got this show Abbies.

It's great.

It's a multi cam mic show producer.

How many cams?

We got three.

Oh, that's not bad.

Not bad.

And sometimes you do an overhead with a crane.

Sure.

It's shot outside Scott.

Oh, yes.

It's a fascinating show.

Google it.

Abbies.

I'm a consulting producer.

Okay, great.

And Kayla, what do you have to plug?

Um, as always, I want to plug big dicks, small, sorry, big truck, small day.

You seem very flustered right now.

You almost plugged big dicks.

That seems like what I would want you to plug.

Yeah.

No, that's what we would want to plug you.

Maybe that's just what your inside want.

I'm just realizing that like Tark is car.

Yes.

Yeah.

And it's just like very confusing.

Just was he walking backwards the whole time?

The car was the truck was going truck was going in reverse and he was wearing backwards clothes like crisscross and the flat rooms are like all inside out and just confused the clues with their own and all.

Yeah.

So anyway, um, yeah, I want to plug.

Big trucks, small dicks, and then you can follow me and all my girls at at L I L Y Y I L Y.

Lily.

Okay.

A lot of vocal fry on that.

Yes.

On Instagram and on Twitter and Twitter.

All of your girls are there.

So we all tweet.

We all rotate and see you can follow me and my girls there.

You're doing shifts much like searching for Judd.

Yeah, exactly.

Two hour shifts.

Mm-hmm.

Judd.

What do you want to plug?

Well, definitely want a truck.

You want a truck?

I want another truck.

He wants another truck.

So I want to just plug like a prayer out into the universe.

Can you afford both of your boyfriend, your husband and your ex-boyfriend and maybe baby daddy.

Can they afford buying all these trucks?

I mean credit like yeah, pretty good 783.

What?

Well, I hate years of no pain.

Well, I got it resets after seven years or so.

That's probably another reason why you motherfucker.

He is game the system gave this is all you had to do was wear a bear costume out in the woods for eight years.

Murder 43 people.

I would be willing to do that.

So that's to get my life back on track.

I want to plug the comedy bang-bang TV show.

If you're in the US all episodes all 110 are out there on Netflix.

Let's close up the old plug bag.

Oh your eyes and open up a bag.

Oh, yeah.

I'm back on board with it.

I feel like I just did mushrooms.

Guys, I want to thank you so much flu always great to see you big fan anything you keep pursing your lips as if you're about to say something but I remain talking great to see you.

I have an ability to interrupt other people.

So I just waited for a pause.

I appreciate that much like you did Judd waiting for those paws out there in the on the trail those bear paws that you cut off and were around your neck truck huge truck.

Okay, you're still you're very focused on the truck right now.

This guy's great.

Great to see you.

Great to see you too.

And look Scott, of course, if you ever want to come over, of course, yeah, but we should work on something, you know across the aisles, you know what I mean?

Even if I don't come over we can so you're a producer of course and Kayla you may not be a wife next time we see you but I would love to have you come back with Tark nay cart as well as some of your girls Kayla.

You seem very or no Kaylee was it who did you want to come over?

You were very concerned about kasha.

Really wants to kasha really wants to come she's been texting me this whole time.

She wants to come here.

Okay, bring kasha over.

I have no in the truck.

She's in the truck right now.

Yeah, but I'll tell her to wait.

Oh, okay.

All right.

She's very excited for a second.

We are running out of time.

But okay.

Thank you for having me and I just want to say, you know, it's okay if you if you guys have small dicks and whoa, no we moved to Hollywood on the last episode.

We have a lot of bd.

I'm a manager of a huge dick.

Anyway, thank you guys.

You don't need to bring the show to a grinding halt.

She was trying to insult us there.

Yeah, I don't know big time us.

It's just get on the record Sprig the whispers packing a big old dick.

Okay, I just you know, I'm not I guess I'm not freaking out.

Let's just have a big day talk about packaging.

I mean, you're a packaging.

That's that's I put the package of packaging.

See you next time.

Thanks.

Bye.

heroes you Thank you.
