---
layout: page
title: 592. Langston Kerman, Ego Nwodim, Carl Tart [https：⧸⧸cloudfront.wolfpub.io⧸CBB-592-20190313-KermanNwodimTart-DTBv01-PW.mp3].mp3.wav
category: cbb 
---

♪ Comedy Bang Bang ♪ I'm gonna give you a deep impact, then armageddon outta here.

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

Thank you to Senor Gravystains. Senor Gravystains.

What a wonderful username you have and a wonderful catchphrase submission.

And welcome to Comedy Bang Bang for another week. This is exciting.

We have, coming up on the show, we have a small business owner, or perhaps an inventor, I can't recall, but she's been on the show before, so we'll be talking to her about her business ideas, and we also have a relative of hers as well coming up a little later, so that's very exciting.

But before we get to all that interesting conversation, we're gonna have a side interesting conversation with our guest of honor, as I like to call the first person we ever talk to.

He's never been on the show before, although he was on the Comedy Bang Bang TV show, and he and I have worked together in the past.

A wonderful comedian, you can see him on Insecure, which is, I believe, an HBO show, if I'm... No, it's not. It is an HBO show.

Hey. Please welcome Langston Kerman. Hello.

He's pumping his fists up and down. He's happy to be here.

First time, long time. Here we are.

First time, long time.

We decided a few episodes back that when you tape your first appearance, we do a first and last policy, so you tape your last one right after.

And then you can be on in between, but we don't want to have just suddenly you disappear, and everyone's like, where'd Langston go? So we want to do a celebratory goodbye.

We need a little finality to the whole thing.

We're doing so many of those, by the way, that I have about a year and a half banked of just the last episodes of everyone. So we're nice.

An in memoriam of all of your guests.

Everyone's saying goodbye, singing to me. I hope you have something in the chamber.

Turning the lights off at the end of the episode.

Exactly. A la cheers.

Welcome Langston. It's so good to see you.

You and I go a bit back, a few years back.

We worked on a pilot together.

That's right.

We shall remain nameless.

Don't tell anybody, please.

Never got picked up. And then we wrote on the Oscars together.

It was a fun time.

Was it, Scott?

It was hard. It was really hard.

It was hard for you.

It was very hard for me.

I dipped in and out. I was taping the last season of Comedy Bang Bang, and I didn't have a lot of time, but they said just come by whenever you can.

You had a sweet deal because you would come in and be real casual about whatever that was.

And I had been in the room for like seven hours bombing.

And I believe we got paid exactly the same.

Yeah, it was very frustrating when they handed out the checks at the end and I saw that our- And we compared.

Were identical.

Yeah. Too bad. Too bad.

But we met Pootie Tang. That was pretty cool.

That was great. Yeah, it was. Yeah, he was great.

We wrote for the Chris Rock year.

And if you're going to pick two people to write for Chris Rock, you and me are the obvious choices.

It was perfect. Me, you and Neil just killing.

Neil Campbell, yes.

Killing with Chris Rock.

The three of us and Steve O'Donnell as well. I remember the four of us would hang out a bit together.

It was fun. That was, I mean, that was one of your first high profile writing gigs. Is that correct?

How was that for you?

It was my first actual writing gig ever.

No way! Did you have to join the WGA as they call it?

I think so. Yeah, I think that was the deal.

WGA strong. Over here.

I think I joined.

Yeah, I'm really standing with them in all of this.

No. Yeah, I think that was the first one that I ever had to do.

What was it like? I mean, a lot of people out there, look, you're a wonderful standup comedian who has a body of work out there in the standup field.

But a lot of people out there who are interested in show business or trying to get in show business, they want to know what is that experience like writing for the Academy Awards?

And for that to be your first writing job, what is it like?

Yeah, it's terrifying, right? Like, it's just you trying to figure out how to make your hero laugh for a day.

You're a big Chris Rock fan.

I love Chris Rock. He's one of the best ever to touch a microphone and then you try to make him laugh and it doesn't work.

And he figures out new ways to be funny about telling you you're doing bad.

So it's like, oh boy.

That was a big part of it. A lot of the humor came from just telling us we were doing a bad job.

It was like, hey, make it funny. And it's like, oh, OK. All right. I tried my best, but sure, I'll sit with this.

So from first to last, what was it like? What was your first day like? What was that's the general experience.

But like, what are the deets? Like, spare us. No dirty deets.

First day we show up to a hotel where we're having lunch, but nobody will eat because we're all scared.

Except Rich Voss. Rich Voss, he had a full meal.

Oh, yeah. He ate off of other people's plates.

He's doing courses.

Rich Voss felt nothing because he's Rich Voss. The rest of us were too nervous to finish a meal.

And we just kind of waited on Chris Rock to be there and like say things out loud.

And we nodded as if we understood what that meant. And then three months of watching movies that I didn't care about.

The Danish Girl.

Oh, I barely even remember that existing little. I never watched it.

Yeah, I watched it front to back. What was what was up?

What was up with the award? 50 jokes about the Danish girl.

Wow. How many got in?

Not a one. But you know what did get in? Tracy Morgan eating Danishes because the Danish girl.

There you go. That's how it works. A lot of times you're in these rooms and it's not about crafting the perfect joke.

It's about just saying stuff and then that'll lead to something else.

You know, like something gets on the screen. You're like, well, I can't say I wrote that necessarily as much as I don't know.

But that's what that's what group writing is like is like you're just you're paid to talk a lot.

Yeah. I mean, you quickly learn you. I'm sure. No, this like the not sure.

Most of what it was was us just being a punching bag for Chris's ideas.

So it was like he's going to write 90 percent of this. He just needs a soundboard to like I figure out if this is funny or not.

What I found is every host is different. You're there to facilitate whatever the host wants.

It's not that you're there to get your stuff on. You're there to be a sounding board for whatever they want to do.

Say if it's if it's Andy Samberg at the Emmys, he wants to do a lot of written comedy.

So great. You're there to do written comedy. If it's for Chris Rock, he wants to really focus on the monologue.

And so you're there to just talk about things and talk about issues that we're going.

I remember the Black Lives, not Black Lives Matter. What am I thinking? Oscar so white. Two very similar campaigns.

You remember when all those celebrities got murdered at the Oscars. All those Chadwick got shot.

Oh, man, it was terrible. Nobody was happy about it.

But Oscar so white was going on and suddenly and Chris had already agreed to host before that reared its ugly head.

I remember he kept stepping outside to take calls from prominent black leaders from them to like, say, hey, what are you going to do about this?

And him to like say, well, it was literally like Jesse Jackson was like calling to be like, man, I don't think you should do the house.

Right. Or Chuck D or I can't remember who. But it was like he was constantly taking calls from people. Right.

Yeah. I think it's like for him, it was such a weird dance because he he wanted to just be a comedian.

Right. Like I just wanted to go out there and not have the responsibility.

Although, you know, as a comedian, you have a certain responsibility to say stuff that resonates and matters.

But but at the same time, the added responsibility of you have to focus so much of your comedy on this one issue.

Right. It's like I wanted to make fun of Mel Gibson for being Mel Gibson, not Mel Gibson, because he's a part of like a system that's created hatred and What else are you making fun of Mel Gibson for? I don't know. He looks like shit now.

Oh, wow. Hey, suck a dick, Mel Gibson.

This is Langston's comedy, though. Very Mel Gibson centric.

I've been on him for a while. Oh, man. Before all that weird stuff where he hated Jews.

Air America. Not a not a fan of of Lethal Weapon 4.

That's, of course, the one that Chris Rock was in. So Chris wanted to make fun of his co-star.

I don't know. We're just this is not a real thing. Please know blogs pick up on this.

It's a permanent thing. This is not a thing. But and then and then let's talk about the actual like physical details of doing the show.

Yeah. Because you're in a hotel room for quite a few weeks.

Yeah. We spent like three weeks living in a hotel room and then writing every single day in that same hotel.

And I would pop my head in for an hour at a time one day a week. You'd poke in. You'd say hello to everyone.

You'd leave. You had a good deal. And then even the Oscars night, we were in the basement.

Yeah. So the Oscars night. Here's what happens. You do get to park in good parking.

The sweet parking. Although you were in the hotel room. So maybe I didn't park anywhere. Yeah. You just walked.

I saw you park and I was like, that's pretty good. You get to park on the actual like P1.

Yeah. Which is I don't know if you know the I know wrong with them too.

It goes all the way down to six maybe. But you get to park on P1 right next to the entrance.

A lot of security. You're not allowed to take a photo of your badge because then someone you know, an Instagram it because then someone can copy it and then, you know, it has a you know, the security symbol on it.

So you go through security to get into the very famous.

What is it? The go back theater. The Dolby now. I think maybe it used to be the Kodak.

You get in there and you're expecting a lot of times when you work on these things like, oh, man, I'm going to be like right off to the side of the stage. It's the glamour. Gonna be like feeding jokes, you know, in the host's ear. And you're you're led then downstairs through the catacombs to a very, very tiny closet like room. We were next to the band's equipment, like the leftover equipment that the band. They were like, yeah, we're not going to need these too many triangles.

We'll leave these down here. We'll leave the maracas downstairs.

You get into a room and it has a 12 inch TV on the wall.

Very, very tiny.

You can barely see a good TV. And you have one like red telephone in the middle of the in the middle of the table. Yeah. And like an old one, like a Commissioner Gordon bat phone. It has like the cake, the glass above it that you have to lift. For some reason, it's still at the rotary. It's like, come on, that's not the fastest way we could call these people. By the way, sidebar on this, that that cake thing that they used to keep on the back phone. We were trying or we had this thing in Bang Bang we never used, which was I was going to get the the hotline. I was going to raise the cake lid, grab the phone and it was cake. My hand would just sink into it. But we never found a place to put that.

So you're led into this tiny room and you are, by the way, the other part, you are required to wear a tuxedo. Yes, we we had to wear. Where did you get yours?

I of course owned several. Did you buy or did you buy a tux for because I thought that this would come in more of more use in my life. I was flipping through your Instagram the other day and you were at the Emmys. I went to the Emmys as a plus one with my my girl. She she got to see me. She works for the TV Academy. Oh, great.

She's a lawyer that they represent the TV. Oh, OK, great.

So she got to go and took you with her.

I saw pics on the red carpet. You're wearing your tux. It looked good. Thanks, man. Same tux. So two times you've been able to wear this. Any weddings? I did. I wore it to my manager's wedding.

OK, great. So I like tie wedding. So three times three times, as they said in the Fuji's show.

And that about it. You wrap it up. There's never going to be a fourth. Maybe there'll be a four.

OK. Someday I hope to wear my tux again. So you're required to wear a tuxedo, but you are then led down into a basement where no one will ever see you. Never. And they make a point of saying, don't leave this room. Don't you dare think about coming upstairs. You ignorant slut. You'll never see the light of day. And we know you were a slut.

I was giving off vibes. You know, you can tell. Yeah. Oh, you shake your little butt around wearing those low rise jeans or boots with the fur underneath my tux. It's weird. And then you if you ever have an idea, which you're not really encouraged to ever have an idea.

You you then ask someone to call someone on that phone. You're not allowed to call on the phone. We were I feel like you and I were probably three positions away from actually being it. We were far in the back. You're jammed in there with every other writer other than the host usually has one or two point people who are answering the phone on the other end. Right. But there's just not enough room in those spaces to have, you know, 20 writers.

But even so, we would have to report to somebody who would then make the phone call and then they would report to the liaison who would then communicate it to decide if they were going to decide if they were going to communicate it, which often became the thing where it's like you write a joke, you share it with the two head writers. They decide if they're going to share it and they're going to decide to share it in the way that they think is most appropriate to share the joke. And then it becomes a game of telephone that isn't really the joke that you probably started with.

Possibly, although I don't remember anything we ever said on the phone ever getting set on stage. Not even a little bit.

So you're then so then you spend about three, three and a half hours in a tuxedo in a hot room with a bunch of other people.

Or if you're one of the lady writers here in a dress, obviously. And then it's over.

And then you're allowed to go to one party, the governor's ball, the governor's ball. Yeah. And that's fun. It was pretty nice. Yeah.

Yeah. What'd you eat there? Sushi. They had a pile of sushi taller than me and I was like, I gotta eat. I gotta eat that.

A seven foot tall pile of sushi? You're very presumptive.

It was only 5'11.

It was 5'11 of sushi. And you're and you're required to jump up to the top of the stack like Jenga.

Yeah. Yeah. You can't pick out salmon rolls from the middle.

They're very strict about that. Yeah.

It's sushi. I had some of those chocolate Oscar shaped men.

You know, they had the men, but they you eat them.

They're chocolate. That was great. And you're just like shoving Oscar chocolate men down your throat.

I love my motion. I'm miming something that was not too polite. He made it much more sexual than I planned it to be.

But here we are. Comedy bang bang. Much more sexual than I planned it to be. That's our theme for this year.

And then it's over and you go back to your hotel and you get on a flight home and people ask you about it and they go, oh, my God, what jokes did you write?

And what do you get? What do you usually say? I get I get that a lot. What do you write? I just told the truth.

I bet you wrote this one. Yeah, of course. You tell the truth. Always. I literally got you're not under oath.

No, I mean, the cool thing would be like most of them, like pretty much all of them. Those are all me.

This is really my presence. You know, the model. I don't know that. No, I.

Yeah, I don't know what to tell people. No, you just kind of go like, oh, it's not really about that.

Right. You try to spin it that way. It's not really about you make it a light.

Jokes. Yeah, I didn't I never felt good about telling anybody that that was a successful effort on my end.

I think it was successful on your end because you were there, as you said, you're there to get the finished product across the line.

How whatever that may be, whatever small part they hire so many people so that it's just a numbers game there.

Just like whatever small thing you may have put in that that gets it there.

I think the weird thing with comedy is that most people don't know that concept that this like nothing is written by one person.

We collectively make these things and sort of run them past Aaron Sorkin.

Sure. He's the one exception. But that's a lot due to cocaine and walking. He does a lot of walking.

Does he really write those walking things? The way he walks as he's writing in order to.

I don't think I can get the cadence right. Let's see this.

This hallway is approximately forty five yards.

I'm going to walk forty five yards while I write the scene.

You got to make sure when it's over, I'm done.

Let's see. I want to I want to now segue over to the show Insecure because you're you're on that show.

What's your character's name? I looked it up, but name is Jared. Jared. That's right.

Like a J. A. R. E. D. situation. Yeah. Yeah. Yes. Yeah. I've never actually spelled it out.

Really? I'm not 100 percent sure, but that sounds right.

Sounds about right. Yeah. I don't know.

Now, I have not seen the show. I hear great things about it.

And my wife. Excuse me.

I get emotional when I talk about her. My wife.

No, my wife watches it and I'll wander through the room occasionally. And I didn't know you were on it.

And I wandered through the room and you were there and I said, oh, hey, that's Langston.

And and my wife, cool up. I don't know. You've met her.

Yeah. She goes, no, it's not.

And I'm like, I'm pretty sure it is. And then she got me doubting it.

And I was like, no, that's Langston. She's like, I don't think so.

And I started wondering why she was saying it like that.

Yeah. And I suddenly realized that she'd been watching.

You have a very sexy part on the show. I do. And she she was like, I don't think my husband knows this thirst trap.

Is all I could really kind of get from that. It's like you're not cool enough to know this great guy.

I shoot for some reason. She didn't put it together. That was you because you're so like sultry and cool.

I transform. I'm truly a transformed actor on.

No, it's just me pretending to be very nice and sexy when I'm not.

Well, I think it definitely worked on her because she was like she was like, no, I've met Langston.

This is this is this is not Langston.

Selling something. And you are that's two seasons on that show, is that right?

I did the first I was in the first season quite a bit and then I made a brief appearance in the third season.

I know comedy. Bang Bang has lots of crossover with insecure as far as us nurse.

And yeah, no spoilers. But third season, third season's coming up and you know, it already came.

It already came out. OK. It's like sort of isn't it bad now that you can stream anything and watch anything whenever you want.

Now we have to protect spoilers for years. Yeah.

Years. Right. Because somebody could be like, I was going to get to that.

Yeah. Fuck you. Right. Like I understand Bachelor spoilers up to two days.

Maybe you know what I mean? And then it's past the point of expiration.

I don't love when people go on the Internet and just like announce a bunch of stuff.

But if we're having a conversation, I'm not going to like pull back on it.

If it's a movie that's come out in the last two weeks or maybe even a month or whatever, I'll check with someone and go, right.

Hey, what do you think about this? But if it's been three years, stop making me not finish Fight Club.

I'm going to tell the ending to Fight Club at this point.

Well, that's wonderful. You're you're a great stand up. And where where are you out there performing these days?

Oh, I run a monthly show at a place called Milk Tavern where we.

So it's every day for a month and then you stop for 11 months. That's the entire month of March.

We'll be at Milk Tavern every Wednesday. Why is it every month? Every day and Wednesday. I'm not good at this.

It's a monthly and Wednesday show. It's great. Every year.

That's here in town in L.A. In Koreatown. In Koreatown.

They sell ice cream with alcohol in it.

They do. What alcohols? What ice creams? They have like a sherbet with tequila in it.

They have like, yeah, all the mixes, probably. I've only had that one. So that was the one I was going to list out.

Wow. And are you out there traveling as well? Can people see you in other states?

I'm going to be in Grand Rapids this weekend for a. I think this may. Well, it might be out by then.

OK, great. So Grand Rapids this weekend. We'll get we'll do plugs a little later.

But people can see you. Do you have a special out as well?

A Comedy Central half hour. Great.

And people can see no spoilers. No spoilers. What do you talk about without giving spoilers?

Men and women. A lot of men and women. Oh, good. Shopping, shopping. You know, the women are doing that one.

It's their thing. And yeah, you know, I just talk about stuff.

Mm hmm. Great. Nonsense. You're a wonderful comedian.

I implore everyone to go look at that Comedy Central special. But we need to get to our next guest. Is that OK?

With you? You're not the guest of honor is obviously you were. No, I'm excited to meet your next guest.

Well, we've met her before. When I say we, I mean the royal we and when I say the royal we, I mean the royal listeners of Comedy Bang Bang.

We've all met her before. Approximately, I'd say 10 months ago, we she was on the show and she is a inventor slash small business woman.

Please welcome back to the show, Entre P. Newer. It's a pleasure. Thank you so much for returning.

Thank you for having me back. I got some more ideas. And last time you were on the show, you had a lot of business ideas.

Absolutely. That's my that's in my name, baby. My name. Did we ever crack whether you were you've changed your name because you have so many ideas and you're an entrepreneur or you were named that first?

What would I change my name to? Well, from something else to Entre P. Newer, I'm not suggesting you change your name from Entre P. Newer to small business woman.

Scott, do me a solid and call me by my name. I will definitely give you that Timothée Chalamet treatment here.

Big fan of his. The opposite. I'm sorry. The opposite of Timothée Chalamet.

Big fan of his. 360. But you're a big fan of his. If it's the opposite, wouldn't it be 180?

It would be a 180, but I'm going to come right back around.

OK. That was my my friend started the management 360 management group.

And I always would joke that your career will end exactly where you came in.

They have some successful actors. Oh, they do. Not me anymore. Oh, did you leave? They were too successful.

They did. They dropped. They did not drop me, but I get into around when they started having the Renee Zellweger's and Reese Witherspoons of the world and they started Game of Thrones and all that.

I realized that I was not fitting in with her clients. I understand which is just stop answering the calls.

I love them over there. I understand. Not you. Not a thick white woman with blonde hair is what you're trying to say.

So I don't know necessarily if they're thick. I mean, what do you think? Renee is thick. I my friend Wilhelmina.

She she described thick as having big boobs, tiny waist, big butt. Oh, that bitch Wilhelmina.

I know that bitch. Yeah. You know what? She's right. She's right. But, you know, thick comes in different different varieties.

You can be you could be slim, thick, slim, thick, slim, thick. I think Renee might be slim, thick.

OK, what is slim, thick to you? Slim, thick is a big butt, small waist, big titties, but.

No, she went in the opposite order. You got the order mixed.

Thank you. Thank you.

She went down. You went. Thank you. Thank you. Understand.

But on a small frame. Does that make sense?

That makes sense. So normal thick is on a big frame. Yes.

Or medium frame. A medium frame.

OK, because a big frame would be thick, thick. OK, so what now?

Now, what if someone had is it has a small frame and big boobies, as they say.

Yeah. And small waist. But then no butt. That is unfortunate.

That's that's what we would describe. You know what? Nobody's shaming Scott.

This is a trap. I'm not shaming you. Said it was unfortunate. This is a trap. This is a trap.

Sorry, sorry, sorry. Look, Andre, you delete that.

This is not going to help your business. No. OK, Andre, last time you were on the show, the ninth anniversary show, as I recall, you pitched a lot of businesses to us.

I remember one of them was a like a rectangular motorized propulsion vehicle.

Sure. Two to even seven people could ride in one of them.

Right. And there would be the oldest invention in the world, the wheel. Yes.

That the caveman banged out with his bone. Right. There would be approximately four of those on.

Right. On the underbelly. On the undercarriage. Undercarriage.

Underbelly. On the taint of the car.

On the on the gooch meat of the car. And and then we all realize you were just pitching car.

And in fact, you called it a car just now. So you know what a car is. Never heard of it.

Never heard of it. Never heard. I don't have a name for it just yet.

I've heard. Called it. I don't have a name for it just yet.

But when I was describing it to some colleagues, they had used the word car.

So I thought that's not a bad name. It's a shirt and sweet to the point. It's not a bad name.

I say most of those three letter words are already taken.

Yeah. You know what I mean? Like find any combination of three words.

It usually means something already. It's true. Hat box bat bat.

I mean, all these can can. They're all great words and they're things that we use all the time.

And they're all taken. They're all take. So if you're out there trying to come up with a new invention, it's like, what do you got?

Right. Right. Well, I do want to talk to you about something I have also come up with because I'm interested in investors.

So Langston, if you are interested in investing, I am an investor.

Langston is so rich that he doesn't even know if he joined the WG.

It's meaningless to me. Yes. Those Jews. Who cares? Write a check. Forget about it immediately.

Disgusting. Listen, I this is this now this hear me out on this one.

I'm always that we're all here. We're all very excited.

I was a cubicle, a cubicle type building.

So a cube meaning equal on all sides, all eight sides.

Six sides. I guess it would be six, six sides, a cubicle, six sides, six, three times.

A cubicle type building where if you're not feeling well, you can go.

There will be people there who can assist you in regaining health, determine what it is that's wrong with you.

And then and then give you the proper kind of treatment that you would need to be healthy again.

OK, I'm going to stop you really briefly. Now hear me out.

I'm not going to stop you.

Go ahead. Go on and stop me. White man. Splay me. No white man explaining at all.

I'm merely I know the fans love when I talk about race.

I'm just I'm person explaining. OK. OK.

Yeah, just two people talking. Just I let me person explain to you that everything you've described, other than the cubicle nature of the building, which most buildings are not purely cubicle.

They're interesting. They're sometimes they're they're more what you would call a three dimensional rectangle or.

But it sounds sounds to me as if you're describing a hospital.

Yeah, I don't. What is what is that? I haven't heard. It's a building.

Normally not cubicle. OK. I've seen a rhombus. OK.

Could be a rhombus. How that look. Thank you for asking.

It's sort of like what you were describing, but at an angle.

OK. A little tilted. But more I think the more important part is that it's it's almost identical to what you describe.

OK. Of a space where people go to get health care. Right.

Yeah. The shape of the building normally doesn't matter, although I would say the bottom usually has to be flat.

Flat. Yeah. Yeah. The thing I want to do certainly has a flat bottom.

I would say it has a flat bottom. And that's not thick. No, no, no. It's not thick.

It's unfortunate. It's unfortunate.

The bottom. The bottom of what I'm doing is unfortunate.

But most buildings, they have a bottom side, too.

So you're not falling to the center of the earth. And the building is going to have a slim waist.

Big, big titties. Big titties.

It's going to be a thick building. Don't understand. It's going to have to contain a lot of people.

OK. Because people are falling ill left and right. They are.

Yeah. Tell me if I'm wrong.

Tell me again. I'm trying to tell me I'm wrong. You have found a market.

OK. Definitely. But it is a market that is primarily going to these places called hospitals.

I've never heard of that. You've never been to one. How can I be to something I haven't heard of?

Have you ever been sick before? Sure. And what happened?

What do you do?

What's your process? Well, first, I look myself in the mirror.

You look yourself in the mirror is the first step.

And you have a good laugh because laughter is the best medicine. You understand? That's what I've been doing.

That's what they've been saying for ages. And I think what if medicine was the best medicine?

That's what I'm trying to say. What I do when I fall ill is I look myself in the mirror and I say, is this really happening? Why me? And then you think that this may be like a simulation or something where it's not really happening and you're it's like the matrix where suddenly someone's going to red pill you. By the way, I'd love to red pill you before we.

What does it mean to red pill someone? Well, it's taken on some poor connotations lately.

Yeah. Yeah. Because I actually know I was just yes. Anding my way to being more sexual than we expected. What is that? And we're going to red pill you by the end of the show. Is that what happened?

Look it up after the show. But I never heard of that. Never heard. OK, well, I never heard.

Don't let someone do it to you. OK. But what were we talking about? Oh, yeah.

Do you think it's like the matrix where you're where you know, you have a different body somewhere else and it's not really happening?

I've never seen the matrix. Oh, really? I've never seen it.

But I do.

I do wonder when I when I fall ill and I start to feel weak in the knees, I say to myself, is this real? Is it real? Is it real? How do you determine if it is or not?

Well, then I touch the mirror and I say, OK, we're here. We're here.

We're here. We're touching something in your physical proximity to it might be a dream.

It might be right. Right. So maybe if the matrix is a dream, maybe I thought I was in it, but I haven't seen it to say one way or the other. I wouldn't call it a dream.

Langston, right? No, it's it's it's more of a mental mental digital stimulation.

Although when you say digital stimulation, that also has some some connotations.

This show is very sexual.

I'm horny. Well, speaking of horny, I'm horny.

Speaking of horny. Speaking of horny. Yes.

I have another invention I'd like if you don't want to invest in the cube like treatment.

Why is the cube part of it so integral to. Well, I'm learning new shapes now.

You told me rectangle. You told me a room. This is a robin's room. OK.

Understood. Roomba is something that would clean up your hospital. OK. Oh, OK.

Well, she doesn't recognize as a name. I don't know what that is.

You don't know what a Roomba is. What's your new invention?

My new invention is for horny people.

OK. Horny men. It's a it's like a balloon.

You've cut your market in half immediately. You said horny people and then horny men. Well, because it's particular.

OK. It's like a balloon. OK. You would put atop your little man to protect you from diseases.

So you don't have to go to the cube. So I'm also kind of undercutting my own business.

Yeah. Like if you really wanted and I think, by the way, what you're mentioning is a condom. What is that?

That is a latex or if you're allergic to latex, perhaps I am.

Lamb skin protective covering for your little man. OK. Or big man, depending on how horny you are and who you are.

How thick you are. You know how it grows. The changes shape depending on horny.

You know, changes shape changes shape rhombus sometimes a change.

OK. And it protects your your man and also protects the recipient of your lovemaking from any secretions that may come out of the what I call the cyclops.

Hole at the very, very tippy tip. You call the pussy a cyclops.

Oh, you mean the head that the penis head?

The penis head has a little ocular opening. I see. I've never seen a penis, but you've never seen one.

Never seen. I've heard of them. Wait, but these I've heard of you. You already planned an invention despite not having seen it.

I've heard of them, though. I have male friends. I've heard of them. And you're an older woman.

And you've had relationships with women than your whole life for.

I've had relationships with men. Oh, but you just have never gone to town. Yeah.

No, I don't go downtown and they don't visit me there.

Would you say which base?

Which base have you visited? Home base. Home base.

And what do you consider to be home base in a relationship with a man? A phone call.

Where where they call you or you call them a phone. We we've they call me.

They call you. OK, so you calling them as what third base.

That's that.

That's a lady. Yes. As a lady, that's really put myself.

Yeah, that's right.

I'm calling you back. They call me back. That is a home run.

That's a home.

That's what we call a home. Yeah. OK, so you don't know a lot about sex.

What gave you an interest in the topic in the topic of sex?

Well, because I'm hearing a lot of people are having it. I've heard a lot of that's a lot of people's favorite thing to do, which is strange to me.

There's so many other activities you can find yourself involved. What do you do?

Like what do you do on a day to day basis? You get up, you touch the mirror. What does entre pinoir do after that?

Only if I feel ill. If you don't feel ill, you never touch the mirror. I would never touch a mirror if I don't feel ill.

It's all those fingerprints. Exactly. But speaking of fingerprints, I have another.

Oh, I'm going to invest. Are you just going to let me tell you my ideas and then steal them?

That's probably going to be a pass on the first two for me, because I'm here for it.

I'm here. I don't have I don't quite hear the product that I'm ready to invest in.

What are you looking for? I'm excited to hear this finger fingerprint thing that you we all have and we all have about 10 of them.

Yes. This feels hot. So so you touch a mirror, you touch you touch things, your fingerprints on them.

I have come up with a liquid blue in nature could be clear.

I haven't decided that part just yet where you can put the liquid upon the surface where your fingerprints have left a mark and wipe.

You understand and wipe. You wipe the fingerprints off.

OK, at first I thought you were talking about luminol, which would make the fingerprints light up in blacklight.

Oh, but now I think you're talking about Windex. I don't I've never heard you.

You telling me things I haven't heard of. You understand.

Yeah. Luminol and Windex.

What if they combine both of those into one product? Now there's something where it's like you have just committed a crime.

And I know I'm walking your side of the street now coming up with inventions, crimes that you know, I mean, inventions.

I'm not saying you're a criminal, but you've just committed a crime.

You've murdered someone in their hotel room. And then you're like, I don't know if I left any finger.

Where did I put my hand? You spray the room with this luminol Windex contraption.

It lights up the fingerprints and you can wipe them off because the Windex. There it is.

This sounds idiotic. It's something that doesn't exist. I don't usually cuss, but this sounds freaking stupid.

This is that a home base of cussing for his freaking stupid.

Excuse me. I'll be honest. I actually I'm very into what Scott said. Well then why don't y'all go.

I'll give you all I need is about five million dollars for 10 percent investment.

That's I'm not allowed to go on Shock Tank. You're not allowed. They banned me.

They banned from Shark Tank. You went on already or because you have been trying to get.

I've been trying to get on. And they're telling me, oh, we we got we cause cause hospitals.

They say you're saying the words. No, and they're saying them to me. And I'm like, I don't know what that is.

I'm coming to you as an entrepreneur. In fact, my name with ideas.

Yeah. And now you don't want to tell me they already exist.

And you know why they want to tell me they already exist.

They want to tell me that because they want to take my ideas and claim they already exist.

That's not what's happening here. But why would Mr.

Wonderful treat you that way?

I just think that what you said, Luminol Windex combination is freakin stupid.

What would the combo name be? Luminex? Luminex. I like that.

So is this about y'all now?

Well, I think I have an investor on the hook here. I'm really excited about this.

I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Condoms, you know, where the the semen.

What are those? Well, the balloons you mentioned are the balloons for the little man.

Yeah. If you if you go in there to murder someone and you put on a condom, nothing's leaking out the front.

Even if you don't plan on committing any sexual. Oh, just in case you might be horny.

You might be in there. You never know what state you're going to get in after you kill someone.

It might be so euphoric that suddenly you're sitting there with an erection that just pops off.

Look, I'm going to I want to look. No, no.

I don't like that you took something I brought to you. I brought I brought your card.

But this it's a lot like writing for the Oscars. You know, I mean, you said something which led us to a better idea.

And that's what we did with. Yeah, it's a group thing here.

OK. And no matter, you know, I mean, I can't say that you're going to get paid exactly the same as as me or Langston here on this.

But that's that's what happens in life. Now. OK, well, well, here's the thing.

I have another right. OK, one more. And then we have to go to break and then we have a special surprise.

OK. OK. You have one more idea. OK. Yes. So we all watch movies.

I do know those. See, no. Heard of those. Sure. Because I think didn't we mention one.

I wasn't listening because when people talk usually and I'm not involved in the conversation.

I plug my ears. I've been wondering what you're doing there with your finger because I don't want anyone to think that you're trying to leave fingerprints inside your ear holes.

No, no, no. They won't stick. They won't stick. Because I clean out my ears with another invention now to mention on another day.

OK, I'm sure it's like a stick with a little bit of cotton on the ends. Anyway, go ahead. Have you been in my lab? You have a lab?

You've been in my lab. Oh, OK. So my next invention is something for entertainment purposes.

OK. You know what a movie is? This is not going to be something. No, you know, ridiculous.

It would be freaking ridiculous. I hate to curse. People have been making movies since the 90s. Since the train coming.

Well, way before then. Maybe the 1890s. Oh, I don't know, Scott. You need to check your history books.

Not really in a lot of history books, I got to admit. They sort of gloss over the 90s.

That's 19. But ever since that train coming right at the audience, which made them all scream and go, ah, there's a train loose in the theater.

They all ran out. That's an I don't know this story. One of the earliest movies that just scared everyone.

And I hate to curse as well, but spitless. I don't like when you use that.

I'm so sorry. That's the third base of curse. I don't like when you use that word. I'm gonna just tell you that much.

But I know. Look, I know I have only one chance to say this.

This last idea. You know, we all know movies is not that it's not.

Of course not. We all know, you know, movies, no movies. OK, so there's so many of several coming out every year.

It seems like every day there's some new movie. Of course.

And they got streaming services. They got.

You know about those. I know. OK. I know, though. I'm not a freakin idiot. OK.

Oh, calm down. You are very savvy. Yeah. You're salty today as well. I am salty.

I am salty. So I want to have a thing where people can gather.

To kind of critique movies, maybe offer some type of recognition for movies, convene in a cubicle type space.

Dress to the nines. To the nines. Are we talking tuxedos? Tuxedos.

You know what those are good. Gowns. Great.

And then somebody present them with recognition for the film.

What would the award look like? Would it have would it be thick? It would be I would say it would be it would be thin, thin bottomed, thin bottomed.

Unfortunate, unfortunate, unfortunate, unfortunate, small framed, small frames, but tiny waist, tiny waist.

And we would call it Oscar so white. OK, you were not plugging your ears during the first part of the show because I'll be honest.

Any true inventor has to keep their ear to the street. And why are you plugging them so often?

Because I don't want it because I want to hear just enough to inspire me.

Understand? Right. So you listen to the entire conversation that we had and you just repeated back everything that we did.

Because that was 2016. I've never heard of that. 2016. You've heard of the 90s and now.

And now the only things that matter. All right. Look, we need to take a break.

But when we come back, this is very exciting. You brought a relative of yours. I did with you.

We mentioned him in the last show. My brother. Your brother.

When we come back, your brother is here.

And he's going to tell us all about whatever he has going on. Yeah, this is exciting. He's busy. He's very busy.

All right. We're going to take a quick break. When we come back, we'll have more Langston Kerman, more Entre P.

Neuer and her brother will be here. We'll be right back with more comedy bang bang after this comedy bang bang.

We are back here. Langston Kerman, stand up comedian extraordinaire. Yes. He's still pumping his fists.

He's so excited to be here. I love this. This is great. We also have Entre P. Neuer who is back.

By the way, that's spelled Entre P. P. E. E. E. I think.

Right. Any. Any you are.

You don't remember? How often how often am I putting my middle name on form?

You're I mean, you're a lot like Langston's character over here, Gerard or whatever it was.

Gerard. But who knows? Who knows? When you signed in for the audition, are you reading your sides to rehearse for the scene? Or does it just say person? Yeah, that's what I'm curious.

You know what it is. You know a lot about acting. You know the sides? I know enough about.

On my way in here, I heard some actors talking. Oh, OK.

What are they talking about? I want this part.

They were talking about auditions, same day, self tapes. I'm offer only.

That's right. Yeah. All for only. That's after you left 360, right? Yeah.

That's I was like offer only. Guess what? You're fired. We're done with you.

You're not a thick white woman. That's what they say.

Welcome back to the show.

And this is very exciting. We mentioned him the last time you were on the show that you had a brother.

Right. And we don't know what he does or what his life is like.

But I'm here to interview him. But you brought him. We asked you to bring him here. OK. And it took I had to get in touch with him.

I had to. That's usually the first step in trying to relay any kind of information with anyone.

Are you guys estranged? No, we are not estranged. Successful people don't have time for each other.

I think that we all know that. Right. That's the excuse that I give. All my friends.

I'm successful. You're successful. I'm successful. Let's just end it here. Enough said.

So it took some work to get in touch with him. He has several assistants.

He has several assistants coming up with a lot of I don't want to paint him into a corner now.

Sure. You don't want to tell us too much about about his life. I've been there before. Painted into a corner.

Oh, really? Yes. That's right. Last time you were on. Excuse me, not me.

Entrepeneur. I know a friend who was painted into a corner.

Which friend was that?

The dialect coach Darlington Castle. Oh, yeah. Very unusual episode painted deep into a corner.

That was couldn't make sense of the show. I was like, yes.

And here's what you are.

And and and and and and how about this? So I won't paint him into a corner.

But he has several assistants, a lot of business ideas. We're not as strange. But again, successful people don't particularly have time.

Sure. So you don't you may not even know what he's been up to. I don't. But I know whatever it is, it's gonna be good.

OK, well, he's here to tell us everything about himself. We mentioned him on the last time you were on the show and we begged you to to bring him here.

And he's here today. Please welcome to the show appetizer.

P. Newer.

Thank you for having me. It is not good.

Things are not OK. Things are not OK. They are not OK.

I thought she's successful. You're successful. You thought that much. I thought wrong.

So many assistants. And when he says thought wrong, he means t h o t.

Yeah, I thought wrong. That over there. He's got it. Oh, Scottie, that.

Hey, you mind if I call you that? I swear it. Scottie, what?

Scottie. Scottie. Sure. You mind if I say that to you, Scottie?

Makes you comfortable. Sure. Go have a ball. Things are not good. Things are not good.

Oh, you see, appetizer. P. Newer. Appetizer. P. Newer. Yes, that's right.

My mother, my newer. Oh, how I love my new money.

My newer. My newer. What what field was she in?

My new man. What field was manure in gardening, gardening.

She's sick. And I'm trained game to see her.

Oh, you guys are estranged. We are. No, I wouldn't say that. I'm busy. How would you? We're not estranged. I'm busy. A strange.

She didn't even know that my new was sick. My new or sick.

Throwing up all over the place. And let me tell you, it smells bad. You didn't know.

You heard about the way here. He told me some. Oh, no. I've been taking care of my new work and I had to move back home.

I had to I had to quit all my job. I didn't mention to you that my brother appetizer here before he found his true calling in life. He attempted to be a pastor. Oh, you did. OK, so that's what you have a certain cadence. It's a Martin Luther King sort of vibe. I attempted to be a pastor, but I couldn't do it because I started worshiping the devil.

That would get in the way. How did you end up with the devil? It seems that people at Baptist churches don't like talking about the devil. Yeah, but I tried to convert him. You were actively trying to convert Christians into Satanism. That's right. That's right.

I tried. I tried and I tried. What was it about the devil for you that you like so much? Have you ever seen the devil in a pair of dungarees?

Low rise jeans?

Oh, Navy bootcut, low rise jeans.

So you guys are not estranged. I would not say we're estranged.

I would not say you don't like that.

I don't know what you're referring to. I'm thinking of someone else.

I would not say that we're estranged. Although I have seen the devil in a pair of bootcut jeans.

The devil is thick. Oh, Navy low rise bootcut jeans. So the devil is thick. He's got big butt, little tiny waist, big titties. He's got that that hornet tail as well.

That only adds to it. I think he's got that triangle we were talking about at the end of his tail.

Yeah, he plays it. It plays a sweet sound. Scotty thought it. Yeah.

What do you mean by triangle on his tail? Ring a ding ding.

Ring a ding ding. A lot of people thought when the devil went down to Georgia, he wouldn't be playing the fiddle like an electric guitar. He'd be playing his triangle on his tail. You know, but it didn't sound as good on the record.

The original demo. How is Mama doing? Manuah is not doing well and you haven't come to check on her.

You haven't come to see her and you left me there. What does she have? What does Manuah have?

Yes. Stop. Repeat the question.

Manuah has a whole bad disease. She has the jaundice. Oh, she's turning yellowish color. She has the itis. What did she eat? Something you made?

Yes, I cooked for her one time and I gave her the itis. I didn't know itis was that bad of a disease.

Oh, it is. It is Langston. You know, I had a friend named Langston once. You did? Who's that? Who? No, not Langston Hughes. Langston Hartner Brig. He worshiped the devil with me.

So you guys were like two peas in a pod.

Two peas in a devil's pod. We call it a devil's triangle.

Oh, really? I think I heard about that recently. The devil's triangle. It's the Illuminati.

No, that's not. I think it's a drinking game. Yeah, it's a different thing.

Never heard of drinking. So you quit all of your jobs to take care of your mother. What were your jobs? I had dreams too, Scottie Foddy. I had dreams.

I wanted to live up to the family name as Andre did. Right.

The newer name.

The newer name. I wanted to live up to the newer name. You see, I had some inventions myself. You did. You were an inventor. Imagine this, Scottie Foddy.

Imagine this. You walk into a restaurant and you want to wet your whistle. Sure. So you get a glass of water. Okay.

Yeah. You want to eat something. Right. But you're not ready for what your main course. You're not ready to make the commitment and do like a big plate. No.

Okay. You want like a salad. Sure. Also jalapeno poppers.

Please don't start describing small plates to me because that's the worst thing about dining in L.A.

is every single restaurant wants to explain the concept of small plates to you. I wish I had amnesia sometimes.

That's called tapas. Tapas are small plates. He's not doing that. I've never been to Spain, Scott.

So you know where they come from. Tapas? That's not what I'm talking about. Okay. What are you talking about? I call these bottomas.

Oh, bottomas. I'm getting my wallet out. That's exciting.

Get your wallet out.

Bottomas. Bottomas. So these are like big bottomas. Not to be mistaken for gay men who bottom.

Excuse me. You know I am a Satanist man.

You don't like that kind of language. So I believe in that fool. Okay. All right.

So are these big bottomas? These are big bottomas.

I like big bottomas. I cannot lie to you, Scott. Please don't lie to me. I do not want to doubt the veracity of what you're telling me. But I can't talk about this stuff no more because all it does is make me sad because all I got to do is sit at home and take care of Manuah.

Ugh. Appetizer. Please tell them about the tell them about the inventions. Maybe these these men have money. Can I can I ask what what what is the biggest difference between a tapas and a bottomas?

I'm gonna tell you right now.

Langston. I had a friend named Langston once. Yeah. Yeah.

We've well trod territory. Langston. A tapas. When you're eating tapas, you're in Barcelona.

You're in Barcelona. Sure.

You have to say it correctly. Sure. Sure. Please get to the point. It seems like you're stalling.

Tiny little tacos. That's what he been spending time with my Manuah.

Manuah don't talk much. Kinda. Oh, borderline inanimate.

This mother. Don't talk about our mother like that. I mean, she's like a wax figure.

90% of the time. She smells like shit. Right. Yeah. Wait.

That that's the furthest you've gone with curse words.

Yeah. That's like you. That's like you went all the way around a home base and then decide to go over to first.

That is not a curse word. It had one syllable. It's not a curse word.

I can't believe you would say something so cruel and crowd to our mother like that. Cruel and crowd? Crowd. C-R-O-W-D.

C-R-O-U-D. Look it up.

It's in a book that I invented. It has a bunch of words in it.

And I give you the definition. It just has all the words that you know. Yes. How many words are in this thing?

Two hundred. So crud is pronounced crowd.

And it means crude. Yes.

Got it. OK. So this is a very useful book. Get it. You can download it on Amazon.

You can download it on Yahoo Books.

And you can also go to Old Navy dot com and get your pair of Old Navy lowrides.

And is this is this book similar to a dictionary? What you say?

You know, I had a friend that mentioned that. Is it is it similar to a dictionary? What's it called? Have you heard of it? I have never heard of a dictionary. You call it. Sounds like something I don't like. Spell it. Spell it.

Spell it. OK. Now you're challenging me in a way that I don't care for.

It's you can spell. I see. Stop right there. OK.

DIC. Let's break that word down.

It's not a word. It's merely the first syllable. But go ahead. D. Damn.

I. I. Damn.

I. Coming. Damn. I coming.

OK. OK. And why did you do that?

And what to what end? What were we breaking that down for?

Listen. Don't cry. Don't.

It's the most emotions going on right now. Don't crowd him.

Don't crowd him. Don't be crowd to me.

Don't be crowd to me. Spell C R U D. C R O U D. He coming.

I think. I'm coming. OK. You're obviously very emotional.

You have a towel. I think you need to.

You need to tell me. I have many towels here. When you cry, you want to tell.

Because damn I coming. Oh, OK.

God. You look. I don't know. You're obviously very emotional about this whole situation. Your mother is ill.

It is very hard on me. You've quit all your jobs. I want to hear about more of your old jobs, but we need to take another break.

OK. So when we come back, I want to talk to you about all of your old jobs.

You've had several, from what I understand. I've had several jobs. I tell you about all of them.

Tell about all of them. We're going to be right back with more Langston Kerman, more Entre P.

Noor and more appetizer P. Noor after this.

Howdy, bang bang. We're back with Langston Kerman, stand up comedian and on the HBO show Insecure and a writer in the WGA. We also have Entre P.

Noor, who is an inventor who. How much money have you ever made from any of your inventions?

Over fifty dollars. Wow. What are we talking fifty one, fifty two, fifty three. Stop me. Prices right south.

Fifty four, fifty five, fifty six, fifty seven, fifty eight, fifty nine, sixty.

It was sixty. Sixty dollars. So I could have just said sixty right. You could. I mean, you could have. But I said over. You played it coy. I like that.

Because I want to be modest. That's all that is. We also have speaking of modest, we have someone who comes from modest means.

It doesn't seem to be making any money currently. He's quit all of his jobs.

Appetizer P. Noor is here. Inventions have never been my thing. Right. They've always been Entres.

Yeah. Although you have mentioned several you've thought of.

But I thought of them. But I didn't put them into action. Right. Because, you know, I let her stay in her lane.

Sure. Would you say you allow her to stay in her lane? How nice of you. Would you say you lack initiative? Is that the issue? Initiative? Let's break that word down.

All right. What do we got? I. Spell it out for me, Lexi.

You had a friend named Lex, didn't you?

I. It's I N. He didn't say stop. I. T.

Stop right there. I N I T. I. Let's break that down.

I'm T Kipped a few I'm done. I'm starting backwards it going in and out like a heart. Okay. Okay. I In Never I never I I In I never in T T thought I never in thought I don't think about my Okay, so you're you're you you you live by impulse because I have to live by impulse because at any moment my mother could die The is right and yet you're here Who's taking care of her right now right now Right now the one assistant who is still an intern after 23 years. Oh, what are your old jobs? What did you do for a living?

Oh Scott, but I told you I was I was a pastor You were a pastor and then you got kicked out of the church for encouraging Satanism And then and then what have you what's the time span between that and now?

Okay, that was 1968 1968. Okay, so we're talking 50 years 51 years at this point I took the place of a former pastor who?

Unfortunately had to leave the church. What happened to the the pastor? He was shocked. He was shocked. Oh Could you use some of that luminol Windex Lumenex?

Lumenex, you're not making that because unless I agree to give you my Yeah, I think my Lumenex already exists. Well, I think not not the actual product, but I think there is something called Lumenex I'm gonna look it up. Are you googling? I'm googling Lumenex.

Oh, you know what Google is who doesn't know Google?

Do your Google Scottie fatty?

Do your Google's?

Wait, did he did who shot this past now that we don't know who shot you That we don't know You like music I well, you know, it soothes the savage breast. Oh, it's savage breasts. Yeah the big titties waste Yeah, okay now so so between 1968 which predated the Summer of Love Woodstock, of course 1969 summer of 69 Woodstock, New York and I was there you were there at Woodstock. Did you see Shawna now?

I did see Shawna now Then I saw everybody else that before Everyone Jefferson Airplane sure Shawna now. Yeah from Jefferson Airplane to Shawna now everyone at Jimi Hendrix. Sure. He said is uh, his I'm testing you he said his What do you mean he said he say what did he set on fire? Oh, he said his guitar. Okay, you were there Who else performed Orleans Orleans you sang they gave you the new song called dance with me It became a hit and I told him it was gonna be a hit didn't know lean sing. You're still the one they did They did sing the one Did they sing it at Woodstock? They didn't sing that one.

They hadn't written that one yet Okay, when you were at Woodstock is is that where you found Satan? Yes, that is it I came back and I said church church. I Got something to show you at this point. He was just in the house with me and my mother right and I lifted up my pastor's robe And revealed my old Navy low-rise boot cut G. Okay and Then okay. It's a very confusing tale. But what jobs have you had in between them?

I'm getting to that Long winded like a pastor and jumping around timelines very Cuts in 1971. That's when they kicked me out of the church after 1969 1971 I preached Satanism and they gave me a chance.

Okay, this is a long time They heard you out. I would hear me out after one time as the Fuji said They would probably say hey, you know Just fan I take it. Well, I like that one song one song. No 1971 mm-hmm. I got a job at a local upstart Called Taco Bell. Oh, okay. Yeah, this was a newish About five years at the time, okay Well run for the border little run for the border live miles well fifth meal Midnight snack is what you call it late night. Mm-hmm, but I I got a job there in 1971 in 1974 And then I got kicked out because I started preaching the word of Satan Yes, I started saying what if we had things like Chalupas and nacho cheese gordita and rattlesnake fries That's Satanism Smith Satan always eats his french fries covered in rattlesnakes And they said that'll never work now. Look at where we are 47 years later They had chalupas nacho cheese gorgeous gorditas and rattlesnake for her. I don't know what a rattlesnake fries There's a nacho fries covered in a chipotle sauce And jalapeno sort of a Texas Mexico combination almost but I I gave them that idea years ago Hmm, but in the service of Satan in the service of Satan 1974 to 1980 so you were out you're off work between no No, 71 to 74 you were a Taco Bell 74 through 80. Where are you? I was the backup guitarist for the Eagles You were a backup guitarist. Yes, they have like three who were there in the Eagles themselves. I believe Don Henley No, he was a drummer drummer, but you have Joe Walsh is one of the guitarists you have Glenn Frey and Timothy B. Schmidt is a baby Schmidt Yeah, he played the bass. He was the became after me. He came from the band pogo So you were there then the third guitarist the fourth guitar that was the fourth lead guitar And what are some of the licks that you would play?

That's in what Hotel California, all right, you know, you want to know what lick I got on yeah, what an album If you listen to the song life in the fast lane sure The it goes mainly in a little in a little on now Really? No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, I didn't play on that one. No, no, okay the song called one of these nights Okay, one of these one of these night in the beginning goes boat Okay, that was me that was you wow, I love that me and Joe Walsh Planning sweet harmony Wow and what happened with the Eagles?

Was the I started to preach Satanism to them. I would think that you know with Hotel California being a metaphor for hell Yeah, they were into it the whole time. They loved it. And then in 1980, they were like, it's the 80s now We can't be doing this no more. Okay, I'll be honest. It really sounds like Satan was the downfall to a lot of you Only thing Satan has ever done is keep me in old Navy low-rise boot Bad even that it doesn't sound like a great pair of jeans.

Oh, no, watch me stand up Look here Langston my god. This is called my tramp stamp.

Oh My thoughts like what is that? What kind of picture is that that there is?

former president Rutherford B Hayes Wow, okay. Why that because I went to Rutherford B Hayes High School. Oh, okay so you want any time that you're like Well, I guess I don't know what you're into but being made love to I think sure Yeah, if you're if you're being made love to from behind in that manner Then people are staring at a picture of Rutherford B bottom up. Yeah My brother being a bottom up so your brother's a bottom on your sort of asexual I'm Sure asexual that's on the phone. Yeah, she talks on the phone. She's gone home. You're getting called you're calling Yeah, so an interesting life that you guys have together 1980 sure through 1993. Okay. Wow, we're getting them all I didn't work didn't work didn't work at all How did you everything Scotty thought you get money? How did I get money at that time? Sure Just question doesn't need to be repeated Downfall this is his you know what we have been estranged.

I'm a very old man Like it. I'm a very old man. I can't hear is clear I won't be back exactly Plot twist you are estranged. Yeah, because you like it That's a good song okay 1980 to 1993 I must admit I was living off of my sister's fortunes And I asked him I said you're calling is in your name Your calling is in your name appetizer P newer. What do you think his calling is working in the restaurant industry?

And he refused I refuse you refused Do you think that kind of work is below you or something beneath me beneath you beneath my old navy low-rise bootcut jeans You don't want to do but above your thought slot above my in-between Where is it in relation to Rutherford B? Hey beneath?

Rutherford Okay, so that's a very narrow window that we're working in it doesn't seem like it's a lot of space at all So you just couldn't fit it back there couldn't fit it man In 1993 1993 which I believe was Pre OJ pre OJ I along with OJ Simpson directed MC Hammers bombs in above video So this is our contextualizing it for you listeners out there MC Hammer by the way also, maybe it had the Adams family groove around around that time. I didn't direct that one Okay, okay when and did you meet OJ through?

Satanism is that no no. Okay. I met OJ at a former NFL players luncheon What were you doing there I was taking food out of the trash can behind the place Embarrassing for me because I was trying to pitch these people You're trying to bitch. Oh, then there is my brother taking food out the trash. I had to eat Yeah, were you only taking like jalapeno poppers and chicken strips? Absolutely. Yeah, that's what they serve at one of those things And OJ came outside to do a quick bump of cocaine Quick he said hey, what are you doing over there? And I said, I'm just trying to get my eat-on player And he understood and he was like, hey, how about a job?

Yep, we should hang out and direct a music Video together. Yes. Wow, so you directed that we directed MC Ammos pumps at a bump pumps in a bump So that must have then given you enough money to live for a little while at least about 30 days 30 days Yes, I blew it all at the casino with OJ, you know in Las Vegas where he was there selling all of his memorabilia to a group of men So he had been on that train for free the murders. He played a long game in that one Wow And see when we got back, this is a year later when we got back He said I have to stop in my house real quick. He said wait you were in the Bronco What?

Not in the Bronco that night. I had ridden in the Bronco before that night I was following him in my own car in your own car. Yes, he stopped off He said I gotta stop you should follow me Yeah, wait outside in order to for me to go inside and do something The thing is I had too much pride to ride in the car with him I told him I brought my own car was a nice tiny yellow and red playschool pedal car I'm telling you I had invented something different. Oh, so you had invented a Car what kind of car did he just describe? You're still calling it a car because I'm trying to speak You're stupid, what did you describe appetizer 1984?

No, no, no, no, no, no Backwards No, no, I'm telling you what car I was describing 1984 yellow and red playschool push car See, so when I said I came up with my invention. Mm-hmm.

This is what we had been driving around in Well, oh I see so you had been in something akin to it Akin, but I had put an engine and and and and Right. Yeah. Yeah, you were like, hey, let's improve on this Right. Yeah Yeah, right We had been akin to it, legs akimbo So now you legs the kit you you saw OJ go into did he come back out after the errands they came back out with a bag and He said, all right. I gotta get to the airport Okay, I said, okay you want me to drive you there? Hey, like no, I can't fit in your car. I was like, oh J What a tale I mentioned what was in the bag did he say?

No, it was his travel tell people what he told me I knew he had to travel Yeah, when you go when you tell people what's in your bag, you know, you're right. I'm being unreasonable Please finish the story You know, I had a friend named Langston. Yeah, we know we know so unreasonable then from 1992 or three. This is 1994 Okay, 94, right? So you're sending me back 94 to now 94 to 2001. Okay Seven year stretch. Yes. I drove I I basically became a taxi service. Okay, but you'd not an official taxi not an official taxi Okay, see that night. I did follow OJ to the airport and somebody just jumped in my play school car quick downtown Give me $100 and how quick did you get there? It took us about three days So you were going downtown you were going to the pussy of Los Angeles and and So you just thought that was your calling for a little while a little while. I just took people back and forth Okay, so then from the pussy of Los Angeles, which is downtown to the tiddies Yeah, and then that tiny tiny waist which is the Sunset Strip yes and then 2001 9-11 ish happens and then what what do you do until now on 912? Okay, I woke up made some changes Made some changes. I said, you know what? Let me just go over here and cook my mom some dinner. Okay?

Cuz she's reeling from 9-11, right? Right. Yeah, and a lot of us were yes And I made us some dinner and lo and behold that dinner was the one that gave her the itis. Oh She's had the itis all these years Wow, she's had it for now Years and it's because of you. I mean, is this why you're estranged?

There are a few things and this is one for sure for certain.

Wow. Yeah That's a terrible Terrible terrible situation. I mean you are the one who did this. Yeah And it's all because What he didn't do was follow his calling. Yeah, he should have been making food He should just be passed. He should have been a chef for something. Yeah, I want to be a Satan Satan, I mean Satan has gotten in your way that for for now 50 years Satan is why I'm here talking to y'all today. What? Yeah, why are you here talking?

You're repping Satan for some reason repping Satan to the day I di You don't even know how to spell That's one of those three-letter words that's taken. You should break that one down di. Yeah Gotcha That's I mean we already did part of dictionary D. Damn damn Coming Okay. Well look guys, I mean, I don't know I feel bad for you that you're in this situation, but it is your own fault and you know Andre P newer over here She's she's a very I mean, I wouldn't say successful You're successful in the terms of your you're happy. You're passionate. Exactly. I said I'm successful Oh, well, we were trying to say you were trying to work. We were trying to agree with you by my name Timothy Shalom Hey, hmm. Well, okay, so you're a successful woman and you're not so successful, but you're you know, you're Daddy, I'm still working on all right. Well good for you guys. It's a working session Do you do you plan on making up? I mean, maybe it'll take the death of your mother to for you guys to reunite I'm just gonna say that Oh Texting you let's break. Oh, yeah you you you Here you It's a thought or an oh, okay, depending on the proximity to the ho okay, so wait, but what is the text?

Your mom's dead, I'm so sorry. That just makes me think of something Feelings about your mother's death. I haven't seen her in over 20 years. She has had the itis for 18 She mean she hasn't spoken in 18 years. What happened to the two before that the two before that?

I was out making things happen. Right? Right. Okay, so you're very busy. I'm busy. I'm successful I don't have time so you don't care that your mom just died, but it gave you an idea I don't know if I can't I need time to pro. Sure. Sure. You're in the middle of Dabda. You're in denial Yes Elizabeth Kubler-Ross would say uh-huh. This is her thing.

So I'm in denial, right? You're in denial right now But it gave you an idea. It gave me an idea and sometimes necessity is the mother of invention Exactly. I don't have a mother now. I'm so sorry, but necessity that was insensitive. I feel like that was very Insensitivity is the mother of invention. I feel like that was a dick. No, not a dick. Brother will you break down dick? Let's break it down Break it down. D. Damn. I. I. I. I.

What's G though? Gummin. Gummin. Damn I gummin. And that's when you suck a dick Okay. With no teeth in your mouth. Oh come on. With no teeth in your mouth.

Contra. This is more sexual than we planned on it being.

Look. Look. I don't cuss. I haven't said anything wrong.

You said shit once you got very offended when I said spit And then you talked about gummin a dick Just now you talked about gumming a dick. You don't even know what a dick is practically you say. I've heard what it is Yeah, and I imagine it would be nice to have gums Yeah, gums. Gums tantalizing. I mean, yeah, that's the dream For us men What is your idea? Okay, we're gonna have to get rid of my mother's body, right?

The authorities will probably do it We're gonna have to get rid of my mother's body. This isn't a luminous situation. Okay. No, so what if there's a rectangular 3D rectangular Kind of contraption. You're talking about a coffin. You're talking about a coffin. Describe that to me It's a rectangular contraption that you put a dead body and then lower it into the ground. Never heard of it I know you have it Never heard of it, but if you would hear me out and if you don't want to invest maybe this man here who what man?

Hey We haven't heard from you in a long time Lost in the building. Yeah of the fencing instructor Charles. I'm a very patriotic fencing instructor a very devout Christian Charles Well, you got a sickness here. Have you ever heard of Satan?

He's not a not a great guy for what I understand boy. Do I have something to tell you?

How do you like old Navy Oh Navy low-rise boot cut jeeps?

How do you like those jobs low rise and boot cut?

Sexy You want it real heavy at the bottom Okay, Charles do you have money yeah, I do pretty good.

Okay. I have an invention I'd like to run past you if you would like to invest in my invention Yeah, Charles Charles has a narrow narrow esophagus With me how much would you pay for a throat widener?

You've ever made huh? Well, I don't really like to take people's ideas I don't want to take people's ideas because that would make me a fraud. It's fair. That would make me a fraud You're very you got a lot of principles. Thank you a rectangular 3d rectangular contraption that opens its own hinges I don't know what that is, but hear me out You would put a dead body in it after the body has been covered in embalming fluid You know embalming fluid, but you don't know what a cop heard of it heard of it And they're rubbing it on a lot of funerals and you know a lot. Yes, those bodies are just put Straight in the ground just bear. They're just like dumping them in their bear Justin ball Oh, man, just don't put why do they bother embalming them if they're just gonna toss them off into a big hole I don't I'm not a funeral director Scott and you're trying to Direct a full-time way was this from 2000?

It was right after I cooked my mom food. Yeah, I gave her the ideas in 2001 I said no, I gotta get to a funeral to direct We thought he was gonna be a choir director we did think that at one point So you were just like doing choreography during the Walker to the funeral I said action Okay, that's more. That's a funeral director. Just so much more than that funeral producer for a while. Yeah, they make money. Oh, yeah Well, you gotta make you gotta spend money to make money.

Yeah. All right. Look we're running out of time Unfortunately, we only have one last feature on the show and that is a little something called plugs We Listen to that. Good. Yeah, I know it ain't my business but that was good. That was really good I almost wish that that had an appetizer pea newer style lick at the beginning of that. What was the lick that you did appetizer Oh appetizer Hey appetizer appetizer Sorry, I was reading the text from my assistant she says manure is leaking Wait, you have another sister soaking wet. Who's your sister?

She's leaking She's Very sorry. All right. Look we got a plug Langston. What do you got a plug? You got some dates coming up? Yeah Yeah, yeah come come to Grand Rapids, Michigan. I don't know where the shows are, but I'll be there. Where does he weekend? Where do people find information?

I don't think I think that'll be passed but sure at Langston Kerman on Twitter Twitter Instagram, that's where people find info about the shows. You're out there all the time Entree entree. I don't have some dates coming up. I'm very single so slide into my DMS Meaning call you. Yes Okay, so wait it's first base is sliding into the DMS Yeah, what's second base we established third base is you calling them and home plate is them calling you? Okay, so What's in between sliding in the DMS and run that by me one more time in the DMS is first, okay Okay, you calling them as third. Okay, I'm calling you is home. Okay, what second?

Second is scoring position is is a picture of genitalia. Oh really sending you dick pics Yes, but you've never seen a penis because Instagram will blur it out if you don't know the person Oh, so you don't click on anything. I don't click but you don't click but you've achieved second base I've achieved second. I have received a dick pic. All right, anything you want to plug? Um, you should follow a girl a Girl her name is ego on Instagram At eggy boom eggy boom. Yes any underscores in that or is it?

Let us never forget Is The taint of Instagram the taint of Instagram but on Twitter it is Even worse than having that the real to your name official or numbers or numbers That is ugly. Stop with the numbers and yeah name if you're not a child, okay, but boom follow this woman Okay, but on Twitter, it's eggy underscore boom Okay, so Wilson who doesn't use Twitter has eggy boom without the underscore Esther. Give it up I will not pay you for the handle a daddy Why does it why doesn't this woman just use her own name instead of a geeky?

I don't I want to ask her what the significance of eggy boom is. Yeah boy someday We'll get to the bottom of one day. So they will go downtown on this. Yes. Also come to Austin sketch fest that girl a girl will be headlining with one woman show Scott Are you gonna come check out her one woman show? Oh black women and It's happening in Austin, Texas May I don't have any plans to go to Austin unfortunately, and even if it were just right down the street for me I can't even say that I would come this is a disappointing day This man is a disappointing father. All right appetizer.

What do you want to plug? I would like to plug the church Of Satan Christ and latter-day taints You're gonna get a lot of messages from the Mormons I want to plug we're trying to get more farts and procreation vinyl records out there. They sold out within a couple hours we're gonna get a few more out there in a different color vinyl from what I understand and I'll let you know when those are on sale and Classic Charles anything to plug I finally got my clothes and play out of hock My clothes and play my hasbro clothes and play clothes and play. Okay clothes and play I did trade my trumpet for it Wow, I can't use the trumpet anyway because of my What if you shoved it down your esophagus? Am I wiping it out?

More sexual than we thought I don't mean to overstep Charles, but I'm dying to ask you Did you say your esophagus is thick? You know what we mean by that big but Tiny waste big boobs to seize. Oh, yeah, I guess you could describe it that way. Let's break that down. Okay T T the H. Oh He is C coming She's really good It's really coming speaking of coming to closing up the plug back theme is coming. Let's close it up. Here we go Oh Your eyes Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh I Can't not say this that was like the sicko mode of the plug song several different tunes in one Are you familiar with sicko Travis? Yes, my good boy Good boy Travis Guys, I want to thank you so much Langston. It's always great to see you a pleasure. Let's not make it another year Yeah, I know we're both successful. But you know, we got to see each other more Entree P newer. Yes, so great to have you. Do you have any other siblings?

I'd love for you to come back with some other people as your is mine I'll think about whether I want to announce their names on the podcast. I mean, I would assume that dessert P newer Dessert P newer we got sports P newer sports P newer. Yeah And now manure is gone and sticking up the place Pawnoo a dad years ago newer. Yes and appetizer P newer so good to meet you You still checking those texts a lot of stuff coming in is a busy day. Yeah, I understand and Charles Always great to see you at classic Charles on Twitter Really? Yeah, okay. I haven't seen that been there a while Don't really treat much. Well, you're lost in the building.

It's true. All right. We'll see you next time. Thanks. Bye You You You You you Thank you.
