♪ Comedy Bang Bang ♪ I'm a lurker, I'm a twerker, I'm a midnight jerker.

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

Thank you to Orange Juice Simpson.

Oh God, he's back for that cast race admission.

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang for another edition and a very exciting show today.

Coming up a little later, we have a dramatic actor.

Wow, drama.

I always love those two masks.

There's the weirdo laughing and the weirdo, I think he's frowning or smiling.

No, upside down smile.

Frowning or crying?

What is the drama mask doing?

Well, this is the first question I'm gonna ask our first guest.

What is the drama mask doing?

Can we see literal tears coming out of those little slits for eyes, you know what I mean?

Like, is it like, in the comedy one, they're upside down moons, I think, and you see the smile.

But in the drama one, is it the other upside down moon?

But do you see the little teardrop?

I don't know, we'll find this out with our first guest coming up right now, as a matter of fact.

My name is Scott Aukerman, this is Comedy Bang Bang for another week.

And our first guest is a newcomer to not only the scene of podcasts, I'm guessing she's done, that'll be my second question.

Probably a WTF in there or something, but she is a newcomer to this podcast in particular.

She has a new show called, it's either called Abby, or Abby's Place, or Abby Has a Bar, I can't recall, I don't have that info in front of me, that'll be my third question.

Please welcome to the show, Natalie Morales.

Thank you so much, Scott.

My pleasure, okay, so let's get them down in order.

Is the drama mask crying?

Well, according to- And is it frowning or is it, woo-hoo-hoo-hoo?

According to my lower back tattoo, it is crying, like sobbing.

Sobbing?

Yeah, like full on sobbing.

Like full on just dripping right down to the B hole?

My tattoo does have flames in the background, so some of those get in the way of what you're saying, but I think it's tears.

Is there any sort of motorcycle, like riding above the flames or anything like that?

No, no, it's just the fire that drama creates.

Oh, you're one of those, Scott.

Yeah, I got it in high school.

I actually didn't get that tattoo, but so many people I know did.

Were you in, this is side, by the way, this does not count as question two.

This is a little sidebar, little, oh, you know from the grinder, you know the- Yes, sidebar, yes.

Sidebar, very good, very good.

Were you in high school drama?

Drama, no, drama, yes I was.

Oh, you were classy.

I was in high school drama.

I was a thespian in the theater.

What shows did you do?

What parts did you play?

None.

Were you on crew?

No, I just routinely didn't get cast in anything.

Did you get cast?

Wow, now you're having the last laugh.

Yes, I did makeup and I did some crew stuff.

That's not true, I did get cast in California Suite, but I feel like that was just like someone throwing me a bone.

I feel like that wasn't- California Suite, a lot of those characters were thrown bones in those hotel rooms.

Correct, yes.

Yeah, so which character did you play?

I don't remember the name, the one that got cheated on, I think, or the one that thinks she got cheated on.

I was in Plaza Suite.

Oh, yes, that's a good one.

In the Suite series.

Yeah.

I don't remember what I played either.

I do remember my good friend Phil Jimenez, who is a wonderful comic book artist, does Wonder Woman and several things.

He played one of those hotel room guests as well.

Yeah.

Don't remember anything about the play.

No, I remember that there's either a dead or passed out prostitute in the room, that there's some, you know- Hijinks.

Hijinks and sort of dead body humor that happens, you know, carrying her around, hiding her and such.

I think this is Weekend at Birdies.

This is what you're thinking.

I think that's where they got the idea, was from this amazing play.

Was that your throat clearing?

It was not.

Oh, okay.

Well, that must be engineer Ryan in the booth clearing his throat.

Yeah, you could try not to do that on mic if you would.

So that was the one play that you actually were in.

Yes.

Did you have a big opening night?

Did your parents come give you flowers, et cetera?

Yes, they did.

It was really nice.

It was a really nice thing.

They did.

Mm-hmm.

Flash forward to- Two.

Number two- A place called Abby's.

Is it a place called Abby's?

What is it?

It's just Abby's.

It's just Abby's, okay.

So it's not Abby.

No, Abby is the character I play and then she owns a bar in her backyard.

Is this Downtown Abby's?

No.

So it's Uptown.

It's in San Diego, so I don't think it's either.

So it's in the Gaslamp District?

I think it's somewhere.

Gaslamp District Abby's.

Yes, yes, yes.

No, I think it's in some sort of neighborhood.

Oh, it's in some sort of neighborhood.

So it's not in the middle of a desert?

No.

Okay, got it.

It's not Uptown or Downtown or Side Town or Left Town or Right Town.

It is- Northeast Town?

Maybe, who knows?

We've left it up to interpretation.

Okay, so you're somewhere in San Diego.

Can you hear waves crashing?

I don't think we're that close to the beach, no.

Okay.

No.

Can you hear someone saying like, hey, I'm gonna go surf, but it's gonna take me 10 minutes to get there?

Those people are not allowed anywhere near the bar.

So I can't gauge how far away we are from that.

Interesting, we'll talk more about this show in a second.

Third question, what was the third question?

Do you remember?

I don't know that you had one.

Did you only have two?

I did have a question three, yeah.

Gosh.

Drama Masks, Abby's.

Engineer Ryan, what do you got?

You got a third question?

No, you have a look on your face that is saying, I have no idea and yet I'm reaching for the mic?

Just give me a shake of a head, my dear boy.

Yeah, I don't remember what this third question is.

Maybe it'll pop into our heads at a certain point.

Maybe we'll just move on.

Let's talk about Abby's, Abby's.

Yes.

Abby's.

It's not the plural of like an Abby, it's- No, it's a possessive.

It's possessive, okay.

As in she owns a bar in her backyard.

And how did you come to possess this part?

I auditioned for it several times.

Really?

Yes.

What was the audition, do you remember?

Did that scene make it in the show?

Like if we're watching the show Abby's, the pilot presumably, is there one scene that you're gonna be better at than every other scene because you've done it so many times?

No, if you're familiar with the horrible time of year known as pilot season.

Not ringing any bells for me, unfortunately.

In Los Angeles.

I am offer only though, I have to admit.

It's true, you are.

They typically give you the night before or sometimes the morning of 15 to 17 pages, you must learn.

Right.

Which you cannot deviate from.

Correct, so I am very good at all of the pilot because that was my whole- You had to learn the entire pilot, all of Abby.

Basically every scene, that's how every pilot audition goes.

I think they gave me a little more time than that morning, but yes, that's how it goes.

How many of your scenes start with you saying, hi, I'm Abby?

Zero so far.

That seems like- But maybe we'll do some ADR, add it in there just so people know who I am.

When the camera's on your back or something?

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Yeah, like in a movie when you see, and that's the thing, if you direct a movie, you're encouraged to shoot everyone from behind so you can just add in jokes all the time.

And it's just people going like, hey, you look like a pile of trash met a garbage compactor.

And then they put it into the movie later because you can't think of it on the day.

Right, it's easier to think of those things in editing.

Yeah, exactly.

Yeah.

So speaking of editing, how many edits are in the show?

I would say like 45 to like- That's not a lot.

100, yeah.

It depends on the day and the editor and the scene and the show and the people that are in it and also the space.

Yeah, that's a lot of stuff to take into account when someone is editing.

Are there any scenes that have no edits that is just like, the editor didn't come in today?

I haven't seen all the episodes yet, so I couldn't tell you, but I'm going to say there's probably at least one because editors are very unreliable.

They are.

Have you ever noticed that?

They always have kids, first of all, and they're always like, oh, do you mind if I don't edit this scene?

I have to go pick up my children from school today.

And it's like, you know your kids are going to school Monday through Friday.

This is not a surprise.

Yeah, and they somehow always disappoint.

You know, it's hard to count on editors in general.

I'm not even saying this is just some, I'm saying every single editor always disappoints you.

Always disappoints you.

From Snippy to Kutz McGee.

Yeah, and it's just like, it's so prevalent in the business that it's just like, okay, well, we'll just air the episode unedited.

It's just like how it is.

A lot of people don't realize when you're watching a piece of content, as I like to say, be it what we used to call television shows or films, but content, when they're watching some tents, the editing is usually the first line of defense to go, basically.

You know, like in the White Walkers attacking the wall, it's the little, you know, elves that are out there, like in front, like, oh, let's load up on the elves in the front, you know, like just, you know, slow down the White Walkers for about like two seconds.

Also that scene with the White Walkers attacking the wall, unedited.

Unedited, that's the thing.

They just couldn't get anyone to do it.

No one showed up.

Tell us about Abbess.

NBC this week, comes out this week, Thursday the 28th.

After Will and Grace.

9.30 PM, I know, must see TV.

Why haven't they started doing this thing?

Like people love Will and Grace, right?

So they're like, let's put it on after.

Maybe people will stick around.

No, no, no, no, put it on in the middle.

Right.

You know what I mean?

Like do 10 minutes of Will and Grace.

And it's like, if you want to see more, you got to watch Abbess.

So you mean like a commercial for the thing that's coming up next or just the actual show?

Literally the show, the half hour show is right there in the middle of Will and Grace.

And then it's like, and now we returned to Will and Grace because you've been good boys and girls.

Do you think that that would make for disgruntled Will and Grace viewers?

Who cares about them?

We're trying to sell Abbess here.

Right, right, right, right.

Okay, you're right.

I'll talk to them.

Yeah, talk to them.

Talk to Will.

And Grace.

And Grace, yeah.

And the ampersand.

Did you say ampersand the ampersand?

Yeah, and the ampersand, yeah.

So- Her name is Ann.

Ann the ampersand.

Yeah.

I guess I've never anthropomorphized the ampersand before.

Is that, am I saying that correctly?

I mean, just because you don't know her personally, but if you met Ann, she's seraph, she's beautiful.

She's seraph.

Yeah, she's beautiful.

She's in law and order too, isn't she?

Yeah, she gets around.

Yeah.

Now, Abbess is a piece of content.

Got Ryan?

Come on, man.

Get off that mic.

Sorry.

Abbess is a piece of content that's approximately one half hour long.

Right.

And it takes- 22 minutes, if you will, yeah.

Sure, if you fast forward through commercials, do you suggest people do that?

No, of course, watch our commercials because that's also how we get the show made.

What commercials do you have coming up?

Whew, so many good ones.

We have probably some- Sit and sleep?

No.

Your mattress is free!

Wow, that was so good.

You think that- I don't know if you guys, listeners, that wasn't Scott playing the ad, that was him doing it.

That was me, yeah, exactly.

That was so good.

Do you think he ever went to set one day and was like, and your mattress is free?

And they were like, no, bigger.

Bro, you've been doing this for a quarter century at this point.

Oh, you think he's recorded it multiple times, not just the one time?

He's just like, hi, mattress is free.

Yeah, he has to do it.

It's a lot like doing ads for this show.

For some reason, I have to do the same Squarespace ad over and over. Every week.

The copy does not deviate.

They want you to sound fresh.

But I must, yes.

And I love them.

Squarespace, you've been one of our super sponsors for the past 10 years.

Really appreciate you, but try to get some new features I can talk about.

Yeah, rectangular spaces, triangular spaces.

Sure, triangular spaces.

Triangular websites.

That'd be cool.

Yes.

Why aren't these a thing?

Every website you look at is like rectangular.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Oi, vey.

Oi, oi, oi, oi.

Oi, doi, oi, oi.

So you got Abby's.

Yes.

In the bank and you got some good sponsors coming up.

And describe the nutshell this for me, the premise of this show, like 10 words or less.

Okay, I'm gonna try and count the words.

Actually, I'm not.

I'm just gonna go for it and you stop me, okay?

Will do.

All right, go slowly so I can stop you though.

Okay, I'm not gonna just jump across the table and throttle you.

Group people.

Okay.

Sit, bar, drink, friends, funny.

Boy, you're really making the most of this.

You still have three to go.

Mike Schur, producer.

Okay, so group friends sit, bar, drink, funny, Mike Schur, producer.

Yeah, real good description, right?

Okay, this is not bad.

You get the gist of the show with those words.

Who needs an article?

You know what I'm saying.

So this is friends set at a bar.

Is this cheers or friends?

What is this?

It's both.

Oh, okay, good.

I'm Ted Danson.

Oh.

I'm wearing a skin suit of a shorter Cuban woman.

And I just couldn't give up the idea of tending bar fakely.

It's fun, right?

You get to- It's so fun.

You throw that rag over your shoulder.

Yeah.

And it means like you've completed a scene.

Yeah.

You know, you've told someone that last line.

You throw that rag over your shoulder and it's like, oof.

That was- What do they call that last line in the biz?

The blow.

The blow, yes.

The blow.

Can we think of a better blow?

Just to be clear, that is the non porn biz.

Yeah.

That's the regular- It's such a surprise that the me too thing had to come about with people calling jokes blows.

I know.

You know?

I know, it's a shame.

Yeah, what is it with this business, right?

It really ruined things.

Come on.

And how many episodes approximately?

We did 10.

It's- How many are they gonna air?

I hope all 10.

You never know.

You never know in this biz.

You never know in this blow biz.

So, blow business, am I right?

There's no business like blow business.

They don't call it blow friends.

Yeah, it's a fun gig.

It's a fun show to watch.

It's not friends and it's not cheers, but it is executive produced by the dude who did Parks and Rec and The Good Place.

So, it has that sort of vibe of like- Was he hanging out on The Good Place with Ted Dance and he's like, I just don't want, I want to do a year old show.

Probably, although he had nothing to do with the writing of it, but I think he probably, Josh Malmuth who created it probably told him about it and he was like, you know who I've been hanging out with?

He says, we should do his show.

We should just do this.

He has a skin suit that looks like a little brown girl and he can really pull it off.

So, oh, and the other thing about this show that is of interest is the way it's shot.

Is that correct?

It is correct.

All right, good.

It is shot entirely outdoors with an audience.

We shot- No ceiling.

No ceiling.

The night sky, the Los Angeles night sky and a couple of helicopters.

These are not day drinkers.

Not typically, no.

There are some scenes that are during the day, but not really.

Most people drink at night, I would say most of the time.

Sometimes you have a day drink here or there, a Sunday.

Sure.

A Monday, a Tuesday.

Sure, sure, sure.

I think Abby's is an evening establishment for the most part.

Sure, is there ever any line of dialogue about like, meet me at Abby's at noon.

Hey, they're not open until 6.30.

No, it's implied, Scott.

Okay.

It's implied via the darkness that's around, that abouts.

So yeah, it's the first- Any line of dialogue where it's like, by the way, this isn't sunny and there are clouds blocking the sun.

This is nighttime.

We didn't put any of those in, but maybe if the editor shows up- One of these days, yeah.

We can like just shove it in there on someone's back.

So editors put things into the show.

I always thought they cut things out.

No, but also like you said, when we're filming someone's back and you add all those words, we'll add that in.

That's the editors who usually do those lines.

Yeah, the editors will do ADR and they'll put it in there.

Yeah, if you ever see like a good Al Pacino movie, and I hope that you have, anytime his back is to- Simone, yes.

Yeah, the editors are just like, oh, Simone.

They do impressions of him?

You've got me hornier than a horny toad.

Wow.

And they don't bother to get the actual actors.

That's great.

Yeah, editors are great impressionists.

Who knew?

I mean, no wonder they don't show up.

They don't have to.

Yeah.

I mean, he's shot in front of a real life studio.

Non-studio, outdoor audience.

Outdoor audience.

Where do you shoot it though?

At Universal Studios.

So why are you splitting hairs with me here?

That's the name of the acreage, not necessarily an indoor studio.

Where you at, on the Jurassic Park ride or?

We're very close.

We're nearby Jaws.

Oh, great.

Actually on with Serial Lane.

Very good.

Which is if you watch- In the news these days.

Yes, it is.

Little past expiration date at this point by the time this comes out.

But yeah.

Terry Hatcher helped me get into college.

Just kidding, I didn't go into college.

Yeah, we- What if that was the Desperate Housewives were just, they're not helping their own kids.

They're out there helping other kids.

Yeah.

You know, they're like, you know, let's- And would it really be that bad?

Yeah.

It'd be nice.

It'd be a service.

Yeah, exactly.

Yeah, we shot it on, or leave it to Beaver Street.

Or the Munster Street, what have you.

Depends how old you are, dear listener.

First thing I ever directed was on that street as well.

Oh really?

Okay, yeah.

So in the back of one of those houses, they built a bar set and a bunch of risers.

And we're literally on the side of a cliff outdoors at night.

Wow.

And- Anyone ever fall off and they're just like, ah!

Not that I know of, but they would've- Your mattress is free!

They would've kept it hush hush, you know?

Yeah, I bet.

You ever read about those people who die at Disneyland?

I don't read about them.

I don't like to put that in my brain, you know?

It's too sad.

Yeah, that's too sad.

Yeah.

Yeah, and this is the happiest place on earth.

Is it called Leaving Neverland?

The people that- Yeah, go ahead and watch Leaving Neverland.

The documentary about the people that die at Disneyland.

Go ahead and watch, and there won't be any surprises for you at all.

Yeah, it's a...

Oh boy.

Oh boy, what are we getting?

Oh boy, the answer's right.

Michael Jackson?

Felicity Huffman?

Who else do we got today?

Who else is on your radar, on your hit list?

Oh man.

Yeah, the show's fun.

The show's real fun.

You play the proprietor of this bar?

The proprietor, the abbess.

The small business owner.

We get a lot of small business owners in this show.

Yes, I do play her, although it is an illegal business.

So...

Really?

Because the bar is not licensed?

Not licensed.

Hmm.

A speakeasy, if you will, but a real one.

Not one where you have to walk in through a refrigerator or whatever and make some ice and then that lets you in.

Some guy in a guys and doll suit is like, oh, let me do the combination of this safe.

What's the password?

That's a door sound, by the way.

It's a very, very...

That's a fake one.

It's a fake one, yeah, yeah.

A door did not open, by the way.

So I saw you looking around like, who's coming in, who's coming in?

Nobody.

No, no one's coming in.

And is the 10th episode where you all get arrested and the show's over or what?

No, no, because we would like to do more.

Okay.

That's in the back pocket for the final episode of the show, right?

Of course, you know, of course.

Abby gets arrested, everyone gets arrested.

Yeah, we all sit in the back of a...

Paddy wagon?

Sure.

I know that's not a great term these days, but...

Is that a racist term?

I mean, if you're part of the PC thought police, sure.

No, but truly, is it?

I never thought about it until now.

I just said it for the first time in maybe 25 years and I'm thinking it is, as it came out of my mouth.

Oh my God.

Wow, our language is terrible.

This is bad.

We're all bad.

This is not doing your show a great service either for us being...

Oh, I hope it will.

I hope it will.

I hope people know our intentions are good.

Yeah, exactly.

Give it the old CBBB, the CBB bump, of course.

Yeah.

Watch it this week.

Abby's is gas lamp quarter zabbies.

I think that gas lamp quarter is like a fancy rich neighborhood, isn't it?

Nah, I mean, if you ever go to it, it's not the fanciest.

Yeah.

They got those crosswalks where you can go diagonally.

That's fancy, that's the mark of fancy, Scott.

I don't know that that's fancy as much as...

That's like Tokyo stuff.

Okay.

I don't want to hear what you think Tokyo stuff is.

This neighborhood has stop signs and no sidewalks.

Okay, we need to take a break before we get into trouble.

All right, we're going to take a break.

Natalie Morales is here.

Abby's is the show.

We'll be right back with, oh, a dramatic actor is kind of...

You're, I mean, you're mainly known for comedy, although you've done...

Some people disagree, but sure.

Yeah.

Who's disagreeing with me?

I don't know, a lot of people.

I got a question.

I got a question at, not at upfronts, at TCA's the other day that someone was like, you're known for all your dramatic roles.

What's it like to finally be in a comedy?

And I was like, what have you watched that I've done?

Check out the Grindr, bitch.

Yeah, bitch.

What if you just acted like that in interviews from now on?

I think that would be really, really funny.

Just called everyone a bitch.

Shut up, bitch.

Sorry to say that word as well as Patty Wagon.

I apologize for everything that we said in this segment.

We're going to take a break.

We'll be right back with more Comedy Bang Bang after this.

♪ Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh ♪ Comedy Bang Bang, we're back here, Natalie Morales, and we've gone over a list during the break of things that we should not say.

So I think we're good at this point.

And you had something you wanted to say about that?

Tits.

Tits is fine.

If it's you saying it.

It's okay to say it.

If you're saying it.

You can say tits?

I don't think I can say tits.

I can say tits.

Yeah. Okay.

I mean, especially like in what context do you want me to say tits? Just as an expression.

Just as a- Just tits.

Yeah, just tits.

Maybe I can get away with that.

But if I were to say like, you have juicy tits.

No, that's bad.

Why are they juicy?

That's horrible.

Because juice implies you want to suck the juice out.

Oh my God.

You know?

What?

This is what I'm not supposed to say.

This is horrific.

Okay.

We are going to be talking about Abby's, a little later we have a dramatic actor that's very, very exciting.

We'll be running the gamut from both situational comedy to the dramatic arts.

I can't wait.

And I'm getting an AT&T alert.

A telemarketer is calling me.

You get a lot of calls on your- I don't get that alert though.

That's nice.

Yeah, you gotta sign up for a thing.

But yeah, call protect or something like that.

How many calls a day do you get by the way?

I get those calls that are almost my phone number, but not, and I'm like- How is that tricking you like- What theme are you trying to pull?

Yeah.

My own phone is calling me.

I must pick up.

This is familiar.

Let's see, eight.

I trust this.

Yes, that checks out, one.

Got it, eight.

Yeah, I had a valley phone number.

That's as far as I'll go.

You gave your old phone number on the show just so people wouldn't know anywhere near your current phone number?

But look, we're talking about Abby's, which is a television show that is out here on the- Oh, yeah.

Did I hear two doors?

Well, you heard one door and then the sound a door makes.

Yeah.

Sorry, sorry, let me jump up here.

Yeah.

Oh, oh my God.

For a minute there, I didn't see anything.

And now suddenly there's a strange creature.

Hmm, it is I, the Gitch in the Way Gremlin.

Ooh, did you want that water, Scott?

Yeah, I'm trying to reach it.

Stop holding it approximately two inches from my fingers.

Ha ha, aren't you put out by that?

I, yeah, I just wanted a little sip of water while you were talking.

It's my only chance to actually lubricate my throat while someone else is talking.

Could I please?

If you must.

Oh, hello.

Hi, who are you?

Ah, yes, it is I, the Gitch in the Way Gremlin.

Wait, you're the Getaway Gremlin?

No, I got you my own way.

Get in the way Gremlin, heal thyself.

Yeah, oh, if only I could, but I have one mission in this world and that's to slightly get people in other people's way and also get in the way myself.

Get other people in the way of other people?

Well, Scott, you may notice I'm a very tiny little gremlin.

Yeah, well, let's describe you.

How would you describe yourself?

I don't like to describe anyone's body who's on the show. Okay, thank you.

I'll let them do.

Unless you had juicy tits.

I was just gonna start with, I got a pair of juicy tits and...

By the way, when you say a pair, you mean four.

That's right, of course, yeah.

One on the front, one on the back.

Oh, sorry, that's my rearrange.

I just prefer to think of my butt as back juicy tits.

The tits of the back, yes.

That's right.

And well, I'm four inches off of the ground.

Why don't butt cheeks have nipples?

Would we like them more?

Or we like butts just fine, probably.

Yeah, would they be on the bottom or like in the middle?

Probably in the middle where the normal nipples are on the boobs.

Pants would be weird.

Would they or would we be constantly checking out butts of like, look, her nipples are hard.

His nipples are hard.

Oh, Scott, these days it's so exhausting.

I'm sorry, Scott.

I was on your shoulder getting in your way.

So what is your body like?

Front juicy tits, back juicy tits, four feet, like a bright, bright green.

No, sorry, sorry, four inches, four feet, and a bright, bright green, and my hair looks like an ampersand.

Oh, wow, like Anne.

Oh yeah, you know her?

Oh, you know Anne.

Oh, I love Anne.

Everybody knows Anne.

Huge fan of Anne.

Love her work.

So you are a gremlin.

Sorry, Natalie, you wanted to say something?

Oh no, I was just gonna clarify.

So you're behind those people, like when you're walking down the street and someone is in front of you.

When you're walking down the street just the other day.

Yeah, someone's in front of you.

You see a pretty lady, you don't know what to say.

You get sprung.

No, you walk down the street and someone's in your way.

Boy, I didn't know what it was until you said that.

Great, mm-hmm.

Someone gets in, like someone's in front of you and then you move to the side and they also move to that side and then you move to the other side and they move to, is that you?

That is I.

I am there on their shoulder making them do that.

And it is also I when someone gets to the top of an escalator and decides that's the place to stand and look around.

Oh, I hate that.

It is I when before you can get on an elevator, no one will let you get off the elevator.

Oh, I hate that too, that's you?

And it is I when you are boarding in different boarding group numbers, but for some reason group seven needs to stand in the way.

I am there.

That was you, I just thought that was assholes.

No, oh no, Scott, Scott, Scott.

People these days, they can't concern themselves with the lower forms of assholery.

That's just done by gremlins and little demons.

Wow, so this is you doing all these things.

Yeah, me and my brethren.

Oh, okay, you don't take care of every single person on earth doing this.

Oh, Scott, I'm talking to you for, we've already been, this has happened thousands of times all over the world in the time we've been talking.

Right, so they let you have time off to do interviews?

Well, I just burst in here because I decided this would be a good place to get in the way, is this not a good place to get in the way?

Well, I mean, I guess you're sort of getting in the way of the show, I was having a wonderful chat with Natalie here. So isn't this a very successful get in the way job?

I guess if you need to justify it to your bosses this way, then sure, but I think, why do you keep doing that?

Oh, that's just, that's like my catchphrase.

Oh, that's, a door opening sound is your catchphrase?

Yeah, door creaking open, is my catchphrase.

Okay, I don't know if this is gonna take off.

If you're a get in the way demon, right?

Gremlin, yes, thank you.

Gremlin, gremlin, and there are many of you.

You're not a demon.

You took severe umbrage of that.

Are demons like another race or something like that?

I'm sorry, it is alliterative, so it just feels like, might as well use it, right.

No, I don't take umbrage, demons are ahead of gremlins.

Oh, they are, they're in upper class.

Oh yeah.

So it's a caste system?

Oh yeah, hell has a rigid, rigid caste system.

You're from hell.

Of course I'm from hell, Scotty, come on.

I'm a dang gremlin making things lowly uncomfortable.

Why does everyone in hell have those pitchforks?

Is it to, and I- This is actually hilarious.

I wondered this the other day, is it to stab humans and put them in the fire?

Because I was saying, you know, whoever thought up hell, God, presumably.

Well, it was Lucifer, you know.

Well, I don't think- When he got down there, he was like, ugh.

So Lucifer remodeled?

Yeah, he was like, it's just a bunch of brimstone down here, I gotta do something.

I thought it was God who was like punishing Lucifer, saying you get down here and like- Oh no, the punishment is to be outside the presence of God, that's punishment alone.

He was like, well, let's get some chairs and some lakes of fire.

Okay, so he likes fire, but if he had liked, you know, water instead, or ice and cold.

There's ice in certain circles, but yeah.

Then the demons wouldn't have pitchforks, they'd have ice tongs.

You see?

Because it's for picking up humans and putting them in these things.

Yes, this is a common misconception.

So it is just for poking and prodding along.

It's just for poking.

Because even though you get to hell, and you're like, I'm so sorry, you're in hell, this is it.

People just refuse to believe it.

You're like, I'm gonna torture you, you gotta go this way.

I mean, certainly I don't, I'm here just doing low level mischief.

But it's to be like, please, please move.

Please, I gotta, I have a quota to reach, you have to move.

So it's just a sort of like- So to get people out of the way.

Yeah, that's right.

But you're there to get people in the way.

Well, on earth I get people in the way.

But in hell you get people out of the way with a pitchfork.

In hell I'm like a squire, I'm just like bringing wine.

What do you think about hell, Natalie?

You know, I don't really have an opinion.

Really?

No, I was raised very Catholic.

Very Catholic.

Yeah, so an opinion was thrust upon me.

Yeah.

But as of late, I feel like, you know, if a God really loved everybody and they made a few mistakes, why put them in a hell place?

In a different place.

I feel like those pitchforks, in my mind, they were always like what the pitchforks near a fireplace are, like just to move a log.

Just to move a log.

See, that's what I mean.

That's why I say ice tongs.

Poking makes sense.

Well, I always thought it was for like poking, like literally jamming it into someone's butt tits and like picking them up and putting them in a fire like you would with a hot dog.

Yes, yes, yes.

No, no, no.

We're just like, come on, keep moving, keep moving.

Just crowd control.

Yeah, like a gentle prick to the butt tits just to keep them moving, keep them moving.

A prod, yes.

Yeah, just a little prod.

Like, you know, like cattle or something.

Scott, did you know that before we started speaking, I was actually in the room earlier?

No, I didn't.

And this is actually germane to a question that I wanted to ask.

Are you invisible sometimes?

Oh yes, of course.

I'm invisible most of the time.

Because you say that you're on people's shoulders.

I was like, I don't see that.

I'm not walking around seeing get in the way gremlins.

No, we're mostly invisible.

I made myself invisible.

Is it an invisibility cloak or is it something within your genetic makeup?

It's just a certain spell.

Would you like to see me do it?

Of course.

Okay.

You don't have to say your catchphrase right before you do.

I do, Scott.

I had to get amped up.

It's like peeing.

It's hard to do it when people are looking at you.

It's like pumping you up.

That's right.

Okay.

Okay, focus.

All right, I'm gonna say the ancient spell.

Oh boy.

Group, people, drink, bar, friends, produce, mark, shore.

Oh my God.

Where'd she or he go?

I don't wanna.

Yeah, don't assume.

Yeah, I don't wanna assume.

Don't assume!

What are you though?

I defy category!

God damn it.

Am I gonna have to say they?

I was gonna ask what your name is because if there are many get in the way gremlins, then you must be.

Yeah, you shouldn't identify yourself just as.

Like I don't walk around saying.

Sure, Mike, produce, friends, drink, bar, group, people.

Oh!

Oh, so you have to say it backwards.

Semi-backwards, I think it was half and half.

As long as you get them in there.

Yeah, they were in there.

I started backwards and that's what counts.

And everyone will agree.

No one's ever asked me that before.

Well, because I like you.

Oh my gosh, wow, thank you so much.

You're welcome.

I don't walk around saying like, you know, ruggedly handsome white guy is my name.

Right.

You know what I mean?

What, why would you say that?

Hey.

No, just why would you say, is that what your job is?

No, those are my.

That's your ill sort of your job.

Oh, so you define yourself by your job.

Don't many people think of the early family names, Smith?

That's right.

So yeah, most, I guess, you know, names derived from England are sort of, you know, based on a job title.

Oh, great, yeah.

Well, my name is Greta Gerwig, so.

Your name is Greta Gerwig.

I just wanted to circle back.

Greta Gerwig, the Get in the Way Gremlin.

Oh, that's good alliteration.

Thank you so much, I couldn't pass it up.

No relation.

No relation to.

I gotta be clear, no relation, I admire her work.

You do?

Oh my gosh, the darling of mumblecore.

So she seems like she doesn't have a lot of Get out of the Way Gremlins as far as her career goes.

No, it's not her way.

Oh my gosh.

Yeah, she is on a rocket right to the top.

Well, you know, we do attract, we are attracted to anxiety.

If you're in a rush, that's like blood in the water, like a shark might smell from miles away.

But if you have the cool calm collective confidence of Greta Gerwig, no one's getting in your way.

Are you kidding me?

No one.

That must be so nice.

So is what you would say is if you don't want to Get in the Way Gremlin to be afflicting you, then just to try to not think about them, have cool confidence and just.

Oh yeah, then you're gonna skate on by.

It's one of those horrible like self-fulfilling prophecies.

Yeah, it's a catch 22, I guess.

Yeah.

If I'm using, am I using that correctly?

Who could say?

Scott, I did need to tell you though that when I was in here earlier, I got in the way of you remembering your third question for Natalie.

Well, what was it?

Because I can't remember.

Have you been on a podcast before?

Oh, damn.

You're a.

So you also, you've incorporated like air raid sirens or is it air raid sirens or what do you call those?

That was new for me.

That the.

The.

Yeah, air horn.

Air horn, yeah, yeah.

It also sounds like this girl that I know.

Really?

Yeah, she'd piaow piaow.

Oh yeah, yeah, yeah.

Oh, dang it.

Oh, I'm always on that girl's shoulder.

Yeah, I bet.

So yes, have you been on a podcast before?

Yes.

Which one?

That's so insulting.

I'm so sorry.

Jeez, I've been on every single thing Paula Tompkins has ever done.

Okay.

Yes.

Here we go.

Yes, and I guess if you count.

Did you get one of those spont metals?

I did.

I still have it in this little case.

Oh, I've taken mine out of my case.

I wear it proudly.

You wear it?

Yeah, on my jacket.

I don't have like a lapel that's worth that button.

So I don't really, you know, I don't wear the suits.

Really?

No.

Your jackets are mainly ratty?

No, they're mainly lapel-less.

Ah, so you have jackets with.

Zippers.

With zippers that have no sort of collar?

Correct.

Oh, interesting.

Yeah, yeah, or a sweater that has no.

We don't talk about fashion enough on this show.

We should talk about it more.

Yeah, we really should.

Oh, I wish pedal pushers would come back.

Oh man, you are the get in the way group.

I want a pant that can't decide if it's a pant or a short and isn't a capri.

And I want it to look scrunchie at the bottom if possible.

What's the difference between a capri and a pedal pusher?

I believe a capri only goes slightly past the knee and a pedal pusher is mid calf.

Okay, but are they, are both tight to the legs?

I don't believe that tightness.

I think you can have loose and tight fitting capris.

You can have loose capris?

They'll start to look like culottes, but you can have them.

And a pedal pusher is if you.

Speaking of which, I got to call home during the break.

Yes.

Yeah, go ahead.

Well, I don't know.

Pedal pushers is if you could push it up yourself, you know, almost like you could push it.

I like to hire people to push them up for me.

Yes, well.

Oh, that's what it is, is pedal pushers is about riding a bicycle?

Right, get it out of your way so it doesn't catch in the spokes.

Got it.

Doesn't catch in the wake.

Not a petal pusher.

To pick a petal pusher is a pernicious poor thing.

Aha, can't get in your own way.

I wore pedal pushers to a party in like sixth grade.

And I had gone to the mall with my mom and I was like, I gotta get something awesome for this party.

Everyone has to see how like, this is gonna change everything.

I'm not gonna be a dork anymore.

I'm gonna walk into that party and I'm gonna be Cindy fucking Crawford.

It's gonna be fucking great.

And then everybody was like, what's wrong with your pants?

Like it had just hit the stores.

So nobody had seen them.

But no one knew.

And then in three weeks everyone was wearing them but they still all made fun of me that night.

But did they in retrospect say, you know.

No.

No, they didn't give you the credit.

No, no.

Oh, I hate these people.

I know, I was very traumatized.

Oh, I'll never wear short questionable pants.

What are the shortest pants you've ever worn?

Shorts.

Yeah, that checks out.

Yeah.

How about you Greta?

Gerwig, sorry.

Yes, well, I just wear a top shawl and a bottom shawl.

Double shawls.

Double shawls all the way.

That's right.

Well, you could call it a sarong but then you'd be so right.

Okay, look.

Did you have anything else you came here to tell us about?

I just get to hang out and get in the way.

That's my goal in life.

Okay, that's fine.

Yeah, that's fine.

I feel like you get that.

Look, don't get in the way of this though because we need to take a break and we need to talk to some of our sponsors.

Do we?

I need to record another ad and say these words that I've said so many times.

Ah, yes, please comment on how do you get an award for your customer service?

Award-winning customer service, here we go.

We're gonna take a break.

We'll be right, oh, a dramatic actor is coming up.

You got in the way of us introducing him.

Ha ha, of course I did.

Okay, we'll be right back with more Comedy Bang Bang after this.

Comedy Bang Bang, we are back here.

We have Natalie Morales, Abby Z.

Is it with a apostrophe Z?

No.

That would be cool.

No.

Abby's.

You got any good guest stars coming up on the show?

You got like Mark Paul Gossier or anything like that?

No, MPG's not on the show.

Rob Hubel's on the show.

Oh, that's fun.

It's just fun.

There's a fun slew of people, little lady named Mary Hollins on.

I feel like she might've been a guest here at some point.

Yep, oh, thanks for listening.

Yep.

All right, we also have Greta Gerwig, the Get in the Way gremlin.

Ha ha, geeeert.

I'll be providing those.

GGG's a G.

Ooh, thank you so much.

I'm gonna put that monogrammed on one of my shawls.

Probably the bottom one.

Wait, GG, G's a.

I think Get in the Way is hyphenated, so you can just say it as a G.

Yeah, so you were correct.

Yeah.

But we have, I've been hyping this for nearly an hour at this point, so you guys must be salivating at the prospect of this, but we have a dramatic actor coming to the show.

Have you thought of questions for a dramatic actor?

All my life.

Okay, good.

He is, you know him from many, many projects, and I believe he's transitioning into dramatic acting.

Now, please welcome back to the show Peter Griffin.

Yeah, hi, hello, Scott.

Glad to be back here.

How's it going?

Very good.

Oh, yeah?

I guess, yeah, welcome back.

It's good to see you.

Hi, Natalie.

This is Greta.

How are you?

This is GG the G.

Greta Gerwig, the Get in the Way Kremlin.

What?

Yeah, wow.

Yeah, GG the GG.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Wow.

It's great.

It's good to be back here.

Gigli the Gigli.

Gigli the G, oh, that's my sister.

Gigi Gint G.

Has anyone ever called you a Gint?

Oh.

I don't know why it immediately sounded horrible.

It sounds like an old-timey term for Irish people.

Hey, hey, now.

Sorry.

But that's you, Peter.

That's your brand of irreverent humor.

That is I.

Not anymore, Scott.

Not anymore, though.

Red leather, yellow leather.

I am a dramatic actor, okay?

As you know, I was here a few months ago.

Yeah, we heard from you on the holiday episode.

Yes, indeed, yes.

And you used to be on a little show called.

Sure, Family Guy, long-running sitcom, yes.

But now I am making a transition into dramatic acting, and I no longer want to be known as a funny, funny fat man, okay?

Right, you want to be a dramatic, dramatic fat man.

That's right, I want to be a dramatic, dramatic fat man.

So I've been doing a lot of things, Scott.

I've been taking an acting class.

I'm doing the Kevin Spacey online masterclass, and it's great.

I am learning so much.

It's still up there.

I thought they scrubbed, they didn't scrub that.

Well, I downloaded it before they took it away.

Okay, hey.

Which is great.

Look, there's some good tips in there.

So many good tips.

Don't let his personal thing get in the way of the fact that.

What's his personal thing?

Oh, you have no idea.

Look, Scott, I tried- This seems like the kind of thing you'd be making jokes about on your own show.

Not anymore, Scott.

I'm not funny at all.

Ah, ah, eh, eh.

Sorry, I just hit my head with a water bottle.

Heh.

A water bottle fell on it, or you?

I don't know.

Stuff like that keeps happening to me, and nobody takes me seriously because of it.

Are you worried you're just so drawn to topical irreverent jokes, you've stayed out of the news?

You're just not reading any of it?

I am try, exactly.

I have something to tell you about Felicity Huffman and Michael Jackson.

Actually, Natalie, I'll let you take this.

I'm good, I'm good.

Read for yourself.

Well, I wish I could.

Anyway, so yeah, I've been kind of going around, Scott, and I just recently dropped my agent.

I'm looking for a new dramatic agent.

Oh, really?

Yeah, we're just about to have to do that as well.

All of us.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Well, fingers crossed, right?

I don't know what we're hoping for.

You got any good packaging jokes?

The old me would have a lot of good packaging jokes.

Oh my God, it's so tempting.

Would you believe this?

Get in the way, Gremlin's Invented Packaging.

Sure.

What?

Oh my God.

Would you believe it?

I wouldn't.

Oh, well, we did.

Scott, I was wondering if I could do, I have an audition.

Address the entire room, by the way.

Oh, I'm so sorry.

Yes.

This is rude to our other guests to just talk to me.

I apologize.

I was simply sort of, you know when you're on Graham Norton.

Please say Scott Greta Natalie.

Scott Greta Natalie.

I was hoping that I could do my audition for you guys.

I have an audition later today.

Yes.

Is that all right?

Oh my God.

Yeah.

Did you get 17 pages like Natalie did for this Abby's show that she's on?

Tell you what, I can't get a single goddamn pilot audition to save my life, huh?

They keep sending me in for all the comedies and I don't want, I pass on all of them.

I say, no, unless Dick Wolf is doing it, I'm not in.

Oh yeah.

Right.

My friend Anne has worked with him.

Yeah, you want that ampersand.

I want that ampersand.

I would love to know Anne ampersand.

I heard that Dick Wolf had his dick eaten by wolves.

That makes sense to me.

Isn't that crazy?

That's why I got the nickname, yeah.

That's like Hollywood lore that we've, I mean, we've talked about it for nine years now.

That's what makes you create shows with so much horror in them, you know?

That's right, exactly.

Like, yeah, he had his penis mutilated and so he made a whole show about, you know, people get, I assume Law and Order SUV is Law and Order SUV.

Mariska Hartigan always has to be, every episode, someone gets their penis mutilated.

The audacity of someone getting there.

It's not always the A story, but it's always in there.

We are sponsored by Audacity, so thanks to them.

Yeah, Law and Order SVU stands for secret violence underwear.

Great, nice.

So, but you're trying to transition out of jokes?

Yes, sorry.

Okay, here's my audition.

You may recognize it.

You can't handle the truth, shun.

We live in a world that has walls.

Are those walls gonna have to be guarded by men with guns?

Who's gonna do it?

You, you Lieutenant Weinberg?

I have a greater responsibility than you can passionately fathom.

So you do the Peter Griffin voice when you're acting only.

What do you mean the Peter Griffin voice?

Do you do the Scott Ockerman voice in your stupid show?

Pretty much, yeah I do.

I don't talk like this off mic.

Okay, fair enough, yes.

But that's my problem, Scott.

I'm not, look, I never said I was a character actor, all right?

I just wanna be me.

George Clooney does George Clooney.

In every goddamn movie, George Clooney is here.

I'm sorry, he tilts his head to the side a little bit and he gives that hang dog look.

Yes, the hang dog look.

Hang dog, what's that?

The Cloondog hang dog.

You've never seen this?

I don't know what hang dog means.

Well, yeah, I actually don't know whether there's some sort of negative connotation to that either.

My dog, Brian, loves to hang.

Okay.

Hang out.

Is he your real dog?

Or I thought that you were acting in that show.

No, that's the thing, Scott, is that the show is based on my real life.

Peter Griffin, just a simple dad in Kohau, Rhode Island.

So is there a non-speaking dog that they based that part on?

No, my real dog can talk in real life.

So wait, is Family Guy a reality show?

In some ways it is.

Is it like scripted reality, like The Hills?

Sure, yes.

Or is it biopic as Matt Besser would say?

I would say it's closer to it, yes, like a Bohemian Rhapsody loved that movie.

That's always what I thought it was too.

I always thought it was biopic.

Biographical picture.

I know.

Yeah, it's spelled like biopic.

It's hard.

I mean, look, I used to think segue was spelled S-E-G-U-E-W-A-Y and I was always like seg.

Anytime I would see it in a book, I would think it was like, so we're gonna seg over to, so I understand how people get these things wrong.

Epitome, epitome.

Epitome, exactly.

Get in the way, Grandma, I bet you had some.

Yeah, get in the way of our reading comprehension.

I'm sorry, I'm sorry, we're everywhere, but I do like epitome.

It sounds like it could be like a drum company.

Yeah, or something you put on your headstone.

What about for all intensive purposes?

No one says that, Peter.

I thought it, look, in Rhode Island where I'm from, that's what we say.

All intensive purposes, okay, that's just dumb.

And I used to think it was point and case, like hey, you better point and make your case.

That's not that crazy, that feels right.

Thanks, thanks.

Anyway, you guys see Green Book?

What do you think about that?

I liked Green Book, very funny.

Very funny?

I'm sorry, very dramatic.

Oh, okay.

I don't know, he eats a very big pizza by himself.

Really?

Oh yeah.

I haven't seen this movie.

Oh yeah, good old Vigo, he sits on a bed and he folds a whole pizza and starts eating it.

That's just a calzone.

I know, but he's doing it with a whole pizza, can you believe it?

Well, that's just a calzone.

Well, but it doesn't have pinched sides.

Kevin Spacey says that anytime you need to eat in an audition, you should just bring a full pizza.

So I've been doing that.

Yeah.

So you brought a full pizza here, I noticed.

I brought a full pizza and I was trying to read that monologue while also eating the pizza, Scott.

Oh my God, that reminds me of the time I ate a full pizza underneath the subway.

Oh my God.

At the restaurant?

Oh no.

He's flashing back.

Oh no.

This happened to us on the last show, his eyes rolled up to the back of his head.

He's having a flashback, but we can't see it.

What a good memory.

Anyway.

Oh God.

So Natalie, let me ask you a question, all right?

What's the tone of your show?

I would say it's really dramatic.

Oh my Lord.

How come I can't get an audition for it, huh?

I know it's over.

First of all.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

I mean, it's about to premiere, but you filmed all the episodes.

We have filmed all the episodes, but also we, unfortunately I have to say, we asked for them not to ask for you.

Why?

Just because you have a really well-respected comedic career and we didn't want that to taint our very dramatic show.

I get it.

He's a tune.

Yeah, also it's a tune.

Okay, look, Scott.

And a fat tune at that.

It's a very fat tune.

No fatties.

This is so hard.

Tunes, tunes, people are fine.

Tunes, tunes, tunes is not great.

Tunes, tunes, people are fine.

Tunes, tunes.

This is a good song.

It's really good.

Yeah.

Tunes, tunes, people are fine.

Yeah.

Wow.

I wish I was doing a different show.

I'm sorry.

And there was a piano player that could just chime in.

Like on Paul F. Tompkins' shows?

Oh, I'm thinking of a different one.

Okay, well.

Would you come here to tell us?

I don't honestly remember, cause we just did a deep dive into Eowulf programming.

Anyway.

Sorry, that was me.

I was getting in the way.

Sure, you got in my way.

You seem to be getting in the way of my transitioning into a career that I really want.

Yeah, why not let him have his career that he wants?

Listen, I feel like we really bonded and I've really gotten to know you guys and I have to be honest, I have to come clean.

I didn't just wander into any room just to get in the way of anything that was happening.

I am specifically Peter Griffin's get in the way, Kremlin.

You're right.

What?

I've been assigned to you and I've been getting in your way.

You've been getting in my way of the career that I, Peter Griffin, want?

All kinds of ways.

It started small.

I got in the way of you opening a door.

I had someone stand there too long.

Sure.

And then it grew from there.

Is that you getting in the way when me and my wife Lois tried to have sex?

Oh, wait a minute, he's doing it again.

My wife, Lois.

That reminds me of the time me and my wife, Lois, tried to have sex.

Oh, here it goes.

Hold on, I'm taking you guys with me onto this one.

Oh, whoa!

Wow!

Lois, Lois, I'm horny, let's make it happen.

Oh, I feel uncomfortable watching this.

Weren't you there the first time?

Yeah, but I was invisible, somehow that felt better even though I could still see.

Guys, shut up, we're in my memory.

I'm trying to have sex with my wife.

Lois?

Oh, Peter!

Do you wanna have sex?

Oh, yeah, I do!

All right, well, it's not happening and I don't know why.

Man, we're out of my memory.

Whoa!

That was a boring flashback.

Yeah, what for?

Yeah, I mean- So that was you?

I actually wasn't there that night.

Huh?

But I heard you guys.

Natalie, you were there, Scott, you were there.

But that's us now on this timeline going back into your memory.

This is like a Christmas story, but worse.

Yeah, yeah, yeah, for sure, definitely.

Okay, so you're in my way all the time, why?

What can I do to get rid of you?

It's the truth, I just, I don't want you to leave being a funny fat toon.

Yeah, none of us do, we love Family Guy, right Natalie?

It's my favorite show.

What's your favorite Family Guy joke?

Probably the one where you hold your knee and go, ah, for like 70 minutes.

That is actually a genuinely good answer to that question.

Well, we love what you do.

We love Family Guy.

Why do you have these desires to transition out of comedy, the thing you do really well?

I mean, don't Jim Carrey this?

I have to come clean, Scott.

You had me, but I have to come.

My wife, Lois left me.

What?

She was at a Quiznos and she ran into Bradley Cooper.

And she said, you are so sexy and a dramatic actor now, I wanna be with you.

And she left me for Bradley Cooper of A Star is Born fame.

No.

So I thought to myself, the only way I can get my wife back who doesn't wanna have sex with me is by becoming a dramatic actor, Scott.

This is uncredible.

Wow, just to compete with Bradley.

Well, just to get my wife back.

But she doesn't have sex with you.

Why do you want her back?

Because I love her, Scott.

And we have two kids and three kids, sorry.

We've got Chris, we've got Meg, she sucks.

We've got Brian, my talking dog, and then also my baby Stewie.

I have a question for you though.

You think that Lois left you for Bradley Cooper because of his dramatic acting skills?

Yeah, I think there's a couple other things that she might've liked about her, those butt tits.

Huh?

You know what I mean?

You think it's my body, Scott, that she doesn't like?

Well.

Well, I mean.

I mean, it's more the way you carry yourself.

Yeah.

I'm a little racist and pretty homophobic.

Exactly.

Yeah.

I think you're probably pretty dismissive.

It's probably problematic that you hate one of your children.

Well, she sucks, but you're right.

Oh my God.

So it's not my dramatic acting skills, it's my body that needs it.

It's not your body.

It's my body.

I don't know why you hang on.

No, you're hanging on.

If I get stronger, then my wife will tend to be back.

It's not even your strength level.

I can keep being a funny guy, but I can just become a buff funny guy like Terry Crews.

Well, that doesn't exist.

I will be the white Terry Crews.

No, Mo Mancie.

No.

I've actually left him for years because he gets in his own way, but I wanted to come back.

He doesn't even need you.

No, he hasn't needed me.

That's why I've been kind of just freelancing.

This is like the easiest job in the world.

I know, and I was getting tired.

I needed more of a challenge.

Hashtag Peter Griffin, hashtag white Terry Crews.

What is the white Terry Crews?

Is that J. Crew?

Look, I think, I just be happy being yourself.

I mean, if Natalie can teach you anything here, I mean, that's, you know, she's just herself.

She wore those weird pants and she's a big Hollywood star now.

Well, I am Ted Danson and a brown skinned.

Yeah, that is a good point.

But that is me.

Sure, and I will be Terry Crews in a white skin suit.

Oh, no.

This doesn't sound good.

We all hate this.

Oh, no.

You're not doing this, are you, Greta?

No, I told you he gets in his own way.

I'll tell you what, I'll tell you another person who's never had a get in the way gremlin.

Who's that?

Well, nevermind.

He used to, currently a Ted Danson.

Nevermind.

I, in my purview.

What were you gonna say?

I was gonna say Ted Danson, and then I was like, oh yeah, he used to have some get in the way gremlins.

Yeah, I remember there was one particular party he went to.

Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.

At a little club owned by the Friars.

That's right, that's right.

But recently, no get in the way gremlin.

But you know who might make a good get in the way demon?

Who?

I don't know why I lowered my voice, cause it's Peter Griffin right over here.

Oh, use his power towards others to get in the way?

Yeah.

Well, I don't know, can you turn invisible?

Can I turn invisible?

Look, all you gotta say is the secret magic spell, right?

Yeah, that's right.

Group people bar drink friends produced Mike Schur.

Group people bar friends.

She's gone.

Produced Mike Schur.

He's gone.

Oh my God.

That reminds me of the time I snuck into the president's house and no one could see me cause I was too stealthy.

God, where are we going?

Oh my God, when you're invisible, we can't see your flashback.

This is some sort of- This is a rule I'm establishing.

It's almost like you don't wanna do the choices I'm making.

I'm sorry, it might be my influence.

I might be getting in the way.

And we're back, wow.

Wow, what do you think?

I mean, she's got a pretty cushy job here.

Well, here's my question.

Or they have a pretty cushy job.

Do you think that that would be attractive to my wife Lois if I got a different job as a get in the way demon?

I think you need to start by just fixing Peter Griffin and then see if Lois wants to like a better Peter Griffin.

And if not, I think you need to wish her well and let her have a great time with Bradley Cooper.

Oh my Lord.

Well, so I guess I just need to take a look at myself.

If you really love her, she's getting boned on the regs by hot Bradley Cooper.

I mean, that's like great for her, right?

I mean, look, all of us probably wish we could get boned by Bradley Cooper.

Sure.

On the regs.

No? No.

That's a no for you.

I'm okay.

You never think about it on the regs or you wouldn't want it on the regs?

Both things.

Do you want it once?

Not at all.

Or is it the regs, the problems?

Not at all, zero time.

Not at any point.

What about when you see the video where he was asking a question at Actors Studio and you're like, man, his dream came true.

This is so great.

That's very nice for him.

Don't want to bone him.

Okay, just that.

Don't want to bone him.

I find that very endearing myself.

So you're saying that if you were at the Oscars, you're nominated, I guess, like trying to figure out how this makes sense.

You're nominated.

He comes up to you and he's like, hey, sha la la la.

He's like, I'm going to leave my supermodel wife, let's bone.

I don't even know if he leaves a supermodel wife in this scenario.

Definitely not.

You want him to leave the wife.

Of course.

If he leaves the wife.

I don't bone anybody with a wife.

Okay.

That's nice.

So, okay.

You know, I know the mental gymnastics we have to go through to make fantasies work sometimes.

So you're unencumbered.

You're not dating anyone at the time.

He's also.

He's also, his wife's dead.

Does that make?

It makes him a little more endearing, right?

Because he's sad.

Maybe she fell off a train.

Yeah, she fell off a train.

Not that we want that for his real life wife.

She fell out of the top floor of a sit and sleep.

Okay.

And he got a bunch of free mattresses.

The mattress was free.

Yes.

And he wants to bone you on one.

He's like, hey, you know what?

I'm finally over my grief.

I dabbed-ed.

Denial.

Anger.

Bargaining.

Bargaining death.

And then he does that dance move.

Oh yeah, I thought you were dabbing.

Dax substance.

Acceptance.

Dax substance.

Yeah.

I'm finally at of dabbed-a.

And you're, look, I've had my eye on you all night.

Mm-hmm.

Let's bone.

I'm gonna say no.

You're gonna say no.

I'm gonna say no.

Okay.

Wow, you're really sticking to your- Not into the coops.

Not into it.

All right, yeah.

Wow.

Don't wanna flu the coop.

I don't wanna flu that coop.

All right, well.

I don't wanna go down that coop.

Don't wanna drive in a coop.

Hoop, but this is a good fantasy though.

It'd like take Bradley Cooper out of it.

Like for someone else.

Like who- I wouldn't want anybody to go through, you know, being widowed.

That's not a part of the fantasy that truly excites me.

But some people do get widowed.

Is there someone who has been widowed that you could incorporate into this?

Oh, that's so sad to think about.

King Triton, he's the most appealing widow.

Who's King Triton?

Ariel's dad.

From under the sea.

Sorry.

God.

I beg your pardon.

He doesn't know anybody.

He doesn't know Anne.

He doesn't know King Triton.

You guys think I could play Ursula in the live action Disney movie?

Yes.

I think so.

I think that actually works.

Oh my God.

Yeah, this is not bad.

Sure, all right.

Can you do a little poor unfortunate souls for us?

Yeah, please.

How does that one go?

Well, it will fit right in with your accent.

It's those poor unfortunate souls.

Those poor unfortunate souls.

Ow, that hurt me.

That hurt me.

I'm gonna take your voice, little mermaid.

You know, that could be a good transition for you.

I think sometimes a villain part in like more of a comedic type is sometimes helps people see you in a different light.

And then we're like, oh wow, there's some dramatic parts in that.

I know.

I like to wear tentacles also.

You like to wear tentacles?

Yeah, have you done it?

It feels good.

What?

It feels weird.

I guess I'm not in.

Where do you wear them?

How do you get them?

Are there octopi clubs?

Sure, yeah.

There's an octopi club in Kohok.

It's really nice.

Do you have to go to a secret entrance to get in here?

No, well.

Eight separate entrances?

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Through a couple of refrigerators and then you're on a Hillcliff in San Diego and then you're there.

Wow.

Yeah, it's great.

Me and Cleveland go there.

Me and Cleveland could do the green book.

Now this is a good idea.

This is a good, you could eat a whole pizza.

You've gotten out of your own way and stumbled into a good idea.

A reboot of the green book, Stompy.

By the way, I am totally certain this is gonna be on Family Guy this season.

You heard it here first, the CBB bump.

You know that this is gonna appear at least in a flashback or something.

100%.

Okay, look, we're running out of time.

I'm excited for those residuals.

We're running out of time.

We just have one final feature on the show to do and that is a little something called Plugs.

♪ Plug it with plugging it ♪ ♪ Hey, hey, hey, hey ♪ ♪ Come on and share with us ♪ ♪ Let's take it plugging it ♪ Oh, nice and short.

Love it.

That was Let's Hear You, parentheses, Plugging It, end parentheses, by Foom Man Fat.

Is that the one for the whole year or are you doing different every time?

No, it's different.

We get a nice Plugs theme submissions every single week from wonderful listeners.

Thank you to Foom Man Fats, although that sounds a little like Foom Man Chew, which is a stereotypical character.

Is it Fat P-H-A-T or with an F?

It's with an F, yeah.

So double Fs here, Foom Man Fat right there.

Missed opportunity.

Yeah, it is, isn't it, when you think about it?

But let's not miss opportunities to plug what we're gonna plug here.

Natalie, what do you wanna plug?

I would like to plug Abby's.

Why not? I'm really excited about it.

I know we talked about it earlier, but- Let's plug it.

Guys, it's gonna be like, I feel like your new favorite show, honestly.

I mean, besides CBB, of course.

Yeah, yeah, but how are the jokes?

The jokes are so solid.

Solids?

Solid jokes, solid poops all around.

So when people leave the screen, we assume they're going to the bathroom, right?

And taking a poop?

We're like a cup of coffee in that way, in that we give you like a jolt of energy, we make you feel good and it goes right through you.

Right.

So you'll laugh until you just suddenly, there's a poop sitting there on your couch.

Yeah, but it's not one of those ones that like just comes out.

You have time, it's okay.

You have time to get to the restroom.

It feels good, yeah, yeah, yeah.

And I just, I really hope you guys tune in because it's gonna be great.

NBC following Will and Grace, March 28th.

These are all the details.

Make sure if you don't watch it live, although you should watch it live, fuck it, do it live.

Yeah, yeah.

Are you gonna DVR it or watch it on demand?

Yeah, but watch it within a couple of days or something.

Yeah, it's a good show, right?

Thank you, yeah, it's a good show.

And I'm on Twitter at Natalie Morales if you wanna tell me how you feel about it.

But don't say anything bad, cause I will destroy you.

You know what?

Whoa!

If I can't.

You're out there dunking on Twitter fools?

Yeah, bro.

Whoa!

If I can't, I'm gonna try to get in the way of anyone who tries to say something mean on Twitter.

That's so nice.

You know what, cause it's just like, what are you even doing?

What a gint.

Yeah, I'm not there.

You're such a total gint.

I am not there when people are getting in the way on the internet.

All right, Greta Gerwig the Gint.

What do you, what do you wanna plug?

Lady Bird.

Yep, why?

I love it.

It resonated with me a lot.

And I also, if someone's been getting in your way, like you think you don't like musicals, I think you should listen to a podcast that does have a piano player called Off Book.

Don't let anything get in your way.

Off Book, the improvised musical?

Podcast.

With Jess McKenna and Zach Reno?

That's right, yeah.

Don't get in your way.

And that's- That comes out weekly.

Comes out every Tuesday.

With wonderful guests.

Would you believe it?

Improvising musical songs.

Including you.

Yeah, I think I was on that.

Yeah, I think so, yeah.

A couple of times.

Yeah, as I recall, it's hard.

I've done so many podcasts.

It's so hard to remember.

I seem to remember doing that and having fun.

And I wanna just give a shout out to some of the best work of other Get in the Way gremlins really quick.

The wall that Colton jumped over the fence.

That was a Get in the Way gremlins.

From a couple of weeks ago?

I just gotta keep talking about it.

I can't believe it.

That wall tried to get in Colton's way.

And it couldn't.

And he just, right over the top.

Yeah, because sometimes Get in the Way gremlins know when they need to pull back.

And there was a Get in the Way gremlin there who thought, I'm gonna let this guy friggin' clear this fence.

Yeah, an incredible moment.

An incredible moment.

Does anyone know what we're talking about?

You better.

If you don't, please look up.

If you don't, look it up.

Look up Colton fence jump, Mike Schur produce.

I'm excited to see you.

It would have been so funny had he not been able to clear that and had tried.

If he had tried, that would have been the best.

You're right.

That would be great.

If he was like, I'm so sad about this woman.

Whoa, your mattress is free.

I can't wait to see Colton Dunn from NBC Superstore do that.

That's gonna be really fun.

That's gonna be really good.

All right, Peter, what do you have to plug here?

I'd like to plug two things, Scott.

The first is the Kevin Spacey online masterclass.

Still out there if you have downloaded it.

Yeah, hit me up on Twitter.

I'll DM you the link to it.

Special downloads.

He's got a lot of really great metaphors.

It's sort of like acting is a thing that is on the precipice of collapsing almost as if it's a house of cards.

Okay, yes, the second thing is I would like to plug AP Bio on NBC.

It's a great show.

It's the one comedy show I allow myself, Scott, because it's kind of dark and a little dramatic in its own way.

Okay.

Check that out.

And that's a good show out there on NBC as well.

Yes, it's on Thursdays.

Thursdays.

Also at 8.30.

Same night.

Same night, NBC's night of comedy.

So people could just, they could watch AP Bio on Thursdays.

They sure can.

Then they watch 10 minutes of Will and Grace.

Then they watch the full half hour of Abby's.

Abby's, that's right.

Really coming in.

Really good at staying in your brain there.

Such a great title for a show.

And then just like six minutes of NBC Nightly News, that's an hour of programming right there, Scott.

Oh my gosh.

Content.

I want to plug, what do I got?

Let's see.

We are gonna, I don't know whether they are available now, but we are making more of the Farts and Procreation of vinyl CBB records.

We're gonna put in another order.

They sold out within hours.

So thank you for that.

But so keep looking for that.

The pre-order will be out there.

And I believe they said they're gonna be any different color vinyl, so that's great.

So that all benefits there.

So Whittles Fund and also go order my, the trade paperback of the X-Men comic I wrote.

X-Men Black is the title of it.

And that's available on Amazon or in comic stores, anywhere you like.

All right, let's close up the old plug bag.

♪ Close your eyes and open up that bag ♪ ♪ Close your eyes and open up that bag ♪ ♪ You gotta get those eyes closed ♪ ♪ Get them, get them, open them bag ♪ ♪ Get them, get them, don't be closing ♪ ♪ Don't be closing ♪ ♪ Open them up and let's get loaded ♪ ♪ Let's get loaded, open up that bag ♪ ♪ Open up that bag, open up that bag ♪ ♪ Open up that motherfucking bag ♪ ♪ Open up that bag, open up that bag ♪ ♪ Open up that bag, open up that bag ♪ Natalie, I saw your eyes just wander just totally around the room while that was occurring.

What was going through your head?

I was reading the table.

I don't know if your listeners know, but the tables here at Earwolf are signed by many of the previous guests.

And I was reading all the other signatures.

Instead of concentrating on that song.

Well, no, you can look and listen at the same time.

Wait a second, you're right.

Something's been getting in the way of me doing that.

My entire life.

Wait a minute, are you my get in the way demon as well?

Well, yeah, get in the way Grambling Scott.

Sorry, I don't want- You're not a demon.

I'm not a demon.

But you do have a pitchfork.

I haven't seen you with it because, is it invisible?

No, I don't have a pitchfork.

You don't have a pitchfork.

No, I'm too lowly.

You're too, oh, okay.

Literally and figuratively.

Okay. Yeah.

So demons are taller?

Oh yeah.

How tall are they?

Well, I'm only four inches.

Oh, I thought you said four feet.

You have four feet. I have four feet.

Right. I know.

What a riddle.

Guys, I wanna thank you so much.

Natalie, great job with your show.

Thank you so much.

Thank you.

I'm bad at compliments, but I'm sure it's a good show.

I've heard nothing but wonderful things about it.

Well, thanks.

Didn't get a press screen or anything like that.

Well, tune in Thursday night, 9.30 PM.

Okay, will do, will do.

Peter, always great to see you.

Thank you, hashtag White Terry Cruz.

No, I don't know about that.

We all hate it, we all hate it.

I don't think so.

Greta, so good to see you literally because I never have before.

And now you never will again, or unless I decide you will, I shall disappear again now, group.

Producer.

Oh yes.

No, I've been, I'm visible.

That's to get visible.

Oh right, okay.

I'm gonna go invisible now.

Yeah, okay.

Group people drink friends.

Group people drink bar friends.

Produce Mike Shaw.

She's gone.

She was nice.

She was really nice.

They were nice.

I'm sorry, they were very, very nice.

Yeah.

I miss her, or them.

I do too.

I miss them.

I do too.

Yeah, it's too bad, they're gone.

I hope they get in my way at some point soon.

I think they will.

Just have a friend.

Yeah, so if your show is canceled or whatever, you can just.

That's them.

That's them, okay.

We'll see you next time, thanks, bye.

Bye.

♪ Heroes ♪ you Thank you.
