---
layout: page
title: 594. Dan Mangan, Will Hines, Jon Mackey [https：⧸⧸cloudfront.wolfpub.io⧸CBB-594-20190325-ManganHinesMackey-DTBv01-PW.mp3].mp3.wav
category: cbb 
---

♪ Comedy Bang Bang ♪ Fight or flight or stay the night, if those don't work, go fly a kite. Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

Thank you to Barn Hen. Barn Hen for that catchphrase.

And welcome to Comedy Bang Bang for another episode. And boy, this is exciting.

Coming up a little later on the show, by the way, my name is Scott Aukerman. I'm your host.

This is a show where I interview people about their various lives.

Some are within the fields of entertainment. Some are within other fields.

And today's show is no exception because today we have, coming up a little later, a session musician as well as a website owner. Wow, that's exciting.

Somebody who owns a website or, uh, it doesn't say websites owner, I guess.

So one website. Um, but first up, uh, in our position of power, as they say, is a man who has been on the show for many, many years. He was, uh, he was, he wasn't on back in our Indie 103 year, uh, which was the first year of our program, but he definitely came on the following year because, uh, he was in that tiny, tiny studio, uh, down the way over there next to a dispensary.

You have really upgraded.

Um, we've had three studios since then. And here we are in this one. Uh, he's a great friend of the show, uh, musician who, uh, appeared on the show nine years ago, I believe.

And then has been on several times since, including, uh, our live Vancouver episode, a very special episode.

He has a wonderful new album out called more or less, and we'll ask him how that's spelled. Uh, when I introduce him, please welcome back to the show, Dan Mangan. Hello. Hello.

Nice to be here.

So how's this spelled? Is it M O O R E? Uh, it's, it's spelled how it sounds.

Uh, so more or less? Uh, more or less. Yes. Correct. Yeah.

Uh, and what do you hope that the listener gets out of this?

The, the more end of the bargain or the less? Well, you know, it's the juxtaposition of the two common concepts.

You want people to be even when they come out, just like, like they hadn't listened at all. I want you to feel a minute. It's over.

They're like, did I just listen to something?

The front of your brain should be terribly confused.

And the back of your brain should be chill as F you can say, hey, say that word. I want to hear you say that word. Chill as farts.

Falsio farts and fellatio triple F I've heard of triple F before farts fellatio and fuck it. Um, Dan, it's so good to see you. You're a, a great friend of the show, uh, and a okay friend of mine, but to the show, you're a wonderful wonderful friend. Never been tighter to the show. Yeah. Uh, last time I saw you, I believe you were down here, uh, in, uh, October or so, uh, playing at a mutual friend's wedding.

And that was, uh, incredible. What song did you play then?

I did the song am am by Damien Dorado.

AMA asked me anything. Was that what it was?

It was M I the asshole. I am no, sorry. Reddit acronyms, uh, about, um, yeah, it's a good song. And it was requested by, by the, by the bride, by the bride herself or by the groom himself.

Or was it a mutual decision? I think it was a mutual decision, but it came via the groom.

Came via the groom. I see.

Was the bride too busy to be CC'd on this email?

I believe that is the case. I'm too busy. Don't CC me on anything too busy.

Yeah. Well, many podcasts. Great to see you, uh, too many podcasts. That is, uh, not what we feel here around these parts. Uh, there can never be enough and, uh, including this episode, uh, you're going to be playing songs, uh, on, on the show here today, as you have probably every time you've been on. Is that correct?

How many appearances have you been on? This is number four.

This is number four, four over nine years.

I will be bringing the melancholy bang bang.

MBB.

And tell us about the new record. It's been out for approximately, if I had to get, let me guess how many days, uh, if I had to guess, I would say 30 days, half September.

Um, I would say approximately 112 days.

That I would say that's the most crucial factoid about this album is how many days it's been out. Let me take a look at how close I was.

Okay. Do you, do you know what date it was released? November the second, two November the second. So we're talking 28 days in November than 31.

So that's 59. Then you got a 60, 90 and then you got 28 of course. So 118. Whoa, I'm just, just under just prices, right? Rules. I win.

Cause no one else guessed.

Well, the album was actually recorded just down the street from here.

It was west studios east west.

We got to work with a amazing guy named Drew Brown.

He's worked with Radiohead and Beck and what do you do for them?

He did a little lifting around the house, some microphones, just hump in cases.

Um, and so it was, it was my first sort of American made record.

You are a Canadian. Is that okay to say, or do you know, do you not want to taint, uh, the proceedings here by saying, taint away taint away. Um, yeah, it sounds like my Mr. Show days.

Um, and, uh, uh, you got to work in America for the first time on an album.

Is there any sort of difference in the sound? Um, well the studio was made of gold. Oh wow. So that was, that was, do you play God bless the USA during songs or exclusively?

Yes. Okay, good.

That's, that's the intro and the outro. And then in the middle, I had to be an American. That's right. At least I know I'm free.

It's right. The freedom, the freedom is palpable on this record for sure.

Canadians are pretty free though, right? We're very free.

America's hat.

We have a America's that we have, you know, the, the cliche thing to mention is the healthcare. That's just, that's yes.

How is your health? It's fantastic. Except that I've had the hiccups.

What is going on with your hiccups? You mentioned this.

Yeah.

I had hiccups for like three straight days now, but they kind of come and go now. It's getting better. Like they, they leave me for longer durations. But I, if we had done this yesterday, I would be hiccuping the entire time. Really?

And what do you think is triggering this or do you, or just you'd sort of drift off and you're hiccuping? I can't, couldn't tell you not a doctor.

So Canadians don't have that kind of a healthcare apparently because you can't solve this hiccuping problem, but you've been in America since you've had it.

Yeah. I transferred my hiccups into the United States.

And I don't know if you were back in Canada, could it get solved? Can you, literally, can you wake up with the hiccups, go into any hospital and just go cure me in Canada.

And they're like forced to do, to like go, well, this guy's here, we don't even know how to cure hiccups, but let's give it a go.

I've never, I've never like used a credit card in any medical facility.

Really? Just paying cash.

That's right. We only accept cash. We're, we're a little outdated.

So just like about 20 tunis for the copay.

And your health, but people still die in Canada, don't they?

Every now and then. Yeah, we, we do a big deal. Like we, we shoot guns in the air and we move.

How many people are in Canada? It seems like there's about, I've met probably five.

So double that. And then times 12.

Double that times. So, so about 120 people out there in Canada. Wow. Yeah.

And they're spread all over the place, right?

They're actually mostly just crawling along the border.

And just peeking into America.

Well, that's a sad day when a Canadian dies. And of course, we hope that never happens to you. Do you think that you might be a, one of the only people in history who's never died? Even Jesus died.

You have to admit. Well, so far. Famously. He's very famously.

Like out of the people who have died. Great death. Great death. I mean, Jim Carroll wrote a song about people who have died and he never mentioned Jesus, but he's like number one of the people who have died.

That when you think of dead people, you're like, who, who died?

Who had the most famous death? I mean, his was very public.

Well, there there's those people that do it live on, on the air, like the newscaster.

There is about even with Jesus. That was a little dramatic though. You know? Yeah.

No, Jesus was not a drama queen when it came to his death.

He was a real straight shooter. Father forgiven them for what they've done. Yeah.

Yeah. No drama there. No. Um, so I mean, pretty much everyone in the world has died other than the people who are alive today. Uh, statistically mostly accurate. Right.

So do you think you might be one of those people who's just like, eh, not for me, just stays alive. The Deepak Chopra of Canada.

Yeah. You know, our good friend, John Lennon, he decided to just come back to life, but even he died. Did he die again on the show? He has not died. No, he has not died since he came back to life. Although he may at some point.

So can you be, you can be like reborn. Can you be re re died? Well, that's the thing. Jesus, he came back, but we don't know whether he was like bored. Like, do you think, I really don't know because they came back to the, the cave where they buried him. Right. Yeah.

And he's just sitting there on a rock. Right. But did, did, did he have to come out of anyone's vagina to get back there? I don't know.

I mean, this is very sad. This is really testing the waters.

This is edgy stuff.

Am I some sort of edge Lord here?

Talking about caves and vaginas. And I think there was fish.

He gave maybe as long as you come through a cave or some sort of like hole, some sort of canal, then you're, then that's the way you get here on earth. Yeah.

But then he, then he didn't die again.

You just float it up into the sky and said goodbye.

Well, according, according to the text, which has been retranslated a hundred times, it's, that's the perfect description of what happened.

Well, this is any songs about religion on the, you do, you do a, a cover of losing my religion. Don't you actually have done the cover?

Is this an episode of, are you talking R a M reme? Oh, no, it's not because Adam's not here, but you, a wonderful cover of that, which is, is, good. It's quite, it's, it's adequate. I love it. It's great.

It's probably the best I, when I heard that you were covering that song, I was like, that's not really a song that you can cover, but you are, you are really good at taking preexisting songs and then turning them into your own style, making them even sadder. You are, you're a sad musician.

We're gonna, anytime we go to the, the, the music here, you're going to love it.

You're going to be moved, but it's going to bring the show to a halt.

So that's safe to say, I have noticed that anytime I've been on the show, you know, there'll be like a, we'll be on a roll. I'll be on the comment section, you know, on the posting and there'll be like six or seven people who've been like, oh, I never heard of this guy. This is great. And then there'll be like one, Karambanjan at the bottom. He's like, this is a comedy show.

What are you guys doing with these sad movie musicians?

It's an entertainment show as I like to see it, because if you're entertained, then some of that includes laughing, haha, for instance.

Some of it includes crying at your, the sad music.

And I don't know what's going on with your life.

Every record seems to be sadder and more emotionally just the depths. I, I, you seem like a happy enough fellow.

But that's because I exercise the sadness in the songs.

Oh, really? So when you play a song, you're no longer sad.

That's right. Well, when you write it, it's like, is when you, you know, if you ever like written like a really nasty text message and then you delete it.

No, I said it.

And then, and then like, it doesn't matter if you send you one right now, airplane mode jokes on you. But, uh, yeah, it's sort of like, you know, you write a letter or something to someone you're like really pissed or an email and you're like, fucking jerk face. Fuck. You know, dear lows.

Yeah. And then, but I asked to speak, uh, and, uh, and then by the end of it, you're like, ah, you're so funny. You have like a Larry David moment. You're like, I'm so frustrated. And then you realize that if you send it, it's not going to change. Very anti-Semitic impression by the way.

That's what I'm known for.

Well, I'm really looking forward to, uh, hearing some of these songs.

You're going to be playing songs off the new album or, or you don't even know.

You came in here without a plan.

Well, loosely, the plan is to promote the new album.

Okay. More or less it's in stores now, brick, uh, stores is brick and mortar as well as the digital concrete, whatever, you know, whatever it takes to get that business up. And then you're also gonna want a website. Uh, we'll be talking to our website later in the house. Yeah. Um, maybe he's used squarespace.com. We don't know, but, uh, why don't we get to our next guest? Is that okay with you, Dan?

All right. Well, he is a session musician. This is good. Uh, he, maybe he worked on your new album. I don't even know, but, uh, please welcome to the show, Randy useless.

Hey, thanks for having me everybody. Hey, what a pleasure to be on a show with another musician, Dan.

I don't know if we've crossed paths. I've done so many gigs.

It's hard for me to keep track of what rooms I've been in, you know, what I've worked on, but maybe we've crossed paths, but if not, I'm glad to meet you now. Yeah.

I think one time I borrowed your snare drum. Oh yeah. But I mean, I lend stuff out like crazy. So that, that doesn't surprise me.

What to give it away. Just like the chili peppers, right?

The chili.

Yeah. The chili peps. They love to give it away.

Those guys are generous as heck. You ever play with them? I don't remember.

I might've wandered in and out of a session with them. It's hard. God, it blurs together. Once, once you're, once you're a working dog, it's just like, you know, you're just clocking in, just trying to serve the song. So I probably, I probably did something for the peps. Yeah. You know, they're giving away.

What instrument do you play? I like to, you know, whatever.

Um, I'll do a little guitar here. You know, I'll hit a little bass sometimes.

I'll hit a couple of drums, you know, whatever. I look around and I'm like, what do I need? I guess I specialize in spoken word.

If I had to say like what my absolute, I mean, I'll do whatever. I don't mean to, but my wheelhouse is spoken word. When I get it, when I get a chance to just like add in a spoken word to a song, that's where I feel like I'm really in my own personal sweet spot.

I guess I don't know what you mean. Spoken word in the middle of a song.

I don't like to brag. I don't like to brag. Okay. So what else? Um, I like, uh, no, but tell me what, what you mean when you say spoken word, without bragging. Okay. And if you brag, I'll call you on it. Okay.

So I'm going to do this in a very humble way. Okay. Not a humble brag either.

No, not a passive. I'm going to put nothing on this. Okay.

I'm going to put no stank. Just a fact. Just the facts, man.

Do a dragnet. Okay.

This is going to be as if I am a autistic detective, emotionless, just the facts. And we're, and we're, and when we say autistic, we mean in the good sense of the word, dragging, you know, what do you mean like the good doctor? Like he's great.

Yeah. This guy, they should call him the great dog on the spectrum. So good at being a doctor, very talented. And you love the guy. You love the guy. This is okay.

You're going to do it. I'm coming from, okay. So like problematically, what are we going to do about this? No, not like you're saying it like a slam.

There's no slam on it. No. Just like, Hey, I have trouble reading social cues.

I'm going to put, I'm going to be so far away from bragging that it'll be like, I can't read social cues in a good way. Read my cues though.

Before I start, I'll read your cues. But once I start doing this, I'm not going to, you're not going to be able to tell social cues. Okay. Okay.

Okay.

I'm smiling right now. So you're happy. So you want me to continue. Okay. Yes.

My main feat, which I just say as a fact and not as a brag that you've probably have heard of, do you know the 1994 En Vogue song? Never going to get it.

Let me see if I can see it. Never going to get it. Never going to get it.

Never going to get it. Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. Yeah. That's about it.

That's right. In the two thirds mark of that song, I say a little bar.

I say a little part where I come in and go, now it's time for a breakdown.

Oh yeah. That's in that song. I remember that. I was brought in.

I don't even remember what for. I think to play a little guitar, a little bass, hit a couple of drums. I don't remember.

But like I just improvised that during one of the, I was so moved by the grooviness. You were just, you were in the studio, the ladies of En Vogue including Dawn Richardson.

This is before they went down to three. So all four of them were there.

They're doing four part harmonies. They're grooving. You're in the studio.

Hitting on a couple of drums. I'm hitting a couple of drums.

I'm playing on a bass, playing a little bit, hitting a bass, throwing around a guitar, doing whatever can help.

And then I just threw out that now it's time for a breakdown.

Did you know a breakdown was coming? No, you didn't. I felt though.

Do they have to improvise a breakdown? They, I put them on the spot and, and but En Vogue to their credit as pros instantly had a breakdown. Wow.

Yeah. They put a breakdown right at, there wasn't going to be a breakdown.

But they were like, I, you know, I think we were all feeling it.

I don't really want to take credit cause I'm in a non bragging mode. Sure.

As I say this. You just say it was your main feat though.

Well, I think this is like what I'm most known for. I guess.

Notable accomplishment. Even saying it's an accomplishment is kind of a brag.

Yeah. So I guess it's, how can I put this in a total mom, right? This is an event that I was associated with.

This is an event that I was passively associated with to no credit of my own that the largest number of human beings would have prior knowledge of. Okay.

That's not bad. Okay. I had a non brag. I'm smiling right now, which means continue. I know you can't pick up on this. I'm in my current mode.

I'm refusing to read social cues. So thank you for telling me as a talented, temporarily spectrumy session musician. I appreciate you letting me know.

So that's incredible. And they, and how did they feel afterwards when you, after the song ended?

I have no idea because I was so excited that I immediately ran out of the studio and never went back. And I just said, you know, it's just like it's not going to get better than this. So.

You were excited by the accomplishment of the song?

I can't believe that I said, well, that I said, now it's time for a breakdown.

They did a breakdown. What? That song is one take. Wow.

Just like no, I know Richie's hello. Yes, exactly. That's what they said.

They were like, we're going to do this like Lionel Richie's. Hello. I was like, whatever happens happens. I was, I said who, which was awkward and they had to explain to me who Lionel Richie was.

You never heard of the Commodores or Motown or Motown, which by the way, so what are you doing in this session? I look, I, I just served the song.

I'm not obsessed with history. I hit a guitar, hit a bass.

I hit a couple drums.

You ever play on a Motown song? Uh, probably. I mean, you don't even know what it is. Cause I walk in with blinders.

I'm like, I don't want to know the fame. I want this just to be about the work.

I'm starting to think that you actually are on the spectrum and you do not pick up on social cues. Uh, if you're hinting at something, I am unable currently to pick up on that. So I ran out of this.

I have no idea what they thought of it. I said, did you run to your car?

I ran to my car and left Oakland and I've never been back to the whole city.

Yeah. And that's not a judgment cause I think Oakland's a great place.

I've been to the Bay area. I've been to San Jose, the Bay area.

Then I have not been to the Bay area. I've only been to San Jose.

Was San Francisco the Bay area? Never been there.

So you've kept away from the entire Bay area since that day.

Cause it was so special to be part of a one take, no overdub, dance, funk, pop hit in which I...

You do know it's dance and funk.

Yeah. You're saying that I am aware of that?

You are aware of the genre of music.

I didn't know when I walked in, I was like, what is this group?

Barbershop Quartet was my first guest cause I saw four singers.

So you're a Barbershop Quartet fan?

I'm an aficionado of Barbershop Quartets.

What's your, who's your favorite quartet?

My favorite quartet... Who's your favorite BQ?

I mean, I go pretty deep cut, so I don't know if anybody's getting a heard of the people that I like, but my favorite BQ is probably the, um, the four dimwits.

From England. What an unfortunate name for them.

It's family name.

And as Randy Useless, I'm, I also carry this burden.

Sometimes whatever fate hands you, you got to see it as a gift.

You can't fight the waves of fate.

The four dimwits.

The four dimwits who exclusively sang deep intellectual theories of physics, which nobody was expecting, but I saw as a fascinating contract.

Wow. I wonder what...

And they did, uh, Oh Susanna.

Oh.

They did a great Oh Susanna.

A great Oh Susanna. I wonder what got in the way of their career more, their name or their choice of lyrics.

Who knows? It's one of those things where if we had a time machine, we could figure it out. It'd probably be the first thing I would do.

I guess. Do you, are you...

But I love BQs and I don't get a ton of chance to be on BQs.

They don't need a ton of spoken word or a ton of guitar bass.

They don't, you don't need a seshimuzish.

Right.

The thing about BQs is they're like, they're self-contained.

Yeah. And you ever been in a BQ?

I've never been in a...

You'd be great.

Think so?

You look to me like a guy who'd be a great tenor.

Is tenor your vocal range?

But is now the best time to mention that I don't know what a BQ is?

A barbershop quartet?

We didn't, I'm sorry. I'm going industry speak on you.

That's not cool of me.

I apologize.

I'm brand new, man. I'm green.

Put on a pinstripe suit and a straw bow or anything?

I call it a BQ.

I'm sorry.

I'm deep inside.

Do they have barbershops up in Canada?

Like are all haircuts free too?

You ever pull out your credit card there?

You just put your head in the freezer and then you shake it really violently and it kind of breaks apart.

Save money.

Yeah.

Your hair looks great for that method, by the way.

Thank you.

That works?

No.

Oh.

Well, if you ever get a chance to be in a barbershop quartet, I see you as...

I think that might be your calling.

I think he's a tenor, even though he has kind of a deep husky speaking voice.

Look, we're meeting right now for the first time.

But if you're singing in a deep husky singing voice, you're screwing up.

I say, kick it up.

Kick it up an octave.

Yeah, one octave.

A full octave up into the tenor range.

Get three guys who look just generally jovial.

Yeah.

Dress alike to see how it goes.

It is an earnest art form, isn't it?

Oh, there's no irony in BQ stuff.

No irony there, but no bragging as well?

No bragging.

I don't think there's any barbershop quartet song with a brag in it.

There's not a ton of boasting in four-part harmony.

You know, there's mostly just like...

It's very descriptive about something that happened like that.

It's very story-song.

It's like what happened to a riverboat or where a girl is currently.

Lida Rose, my home again, Rose.

They always tell you how many seats are on the bicycle.

What is it?

They always tell you how many seats are on the bicycle.

Yeah, they'll let you know that it's built for two.

This one's built for two.

Every bicycle...

You can ride it for one.

Most people, you know, when you hear a bike, you're thinking one.

But if you listen to a BQ song, they'll let you know how many seats.

There's no room for error in how many seats are in a bicycle.

It's because there's a deep history in the legal community of it.

And then they don't like...

Oh, yeah, you can't get sued.

Because if you tell somebody, you and I rode a bike together, and you didn't say it was built for two, and then somebody tries to put two people on a single bicycle, and then they get hurt, you're liable for damages.

That's like the Beavis and Butthead, you know, kids setting fires and everything.

Oh, yeah, it's exactly the same.

Or like listening to Ozzy Osbourne record backwards, and then you do whatever it says.

Yeah.

That's on Ozzy.

Worship Satan, of course.

Yeah, yeah.

Well, this is, and you don't sing.

I speak.

I mean, so no.

I mean, like, it's not, um, most people don't consider that sing.

There's music and everything.

I would, you know, we can make that argument.

There's a musicality to your flat voice.

Yeah.

I mean, I could have said, I could have said instead of now it's time for a breakdown.

I could have just said, hey, now it's time for a breakdown.

And I would have blown it.

Yeah.

But I was like in this kind of nice cadence, you know, and again, I don't mean to brag.

I'm just staining the facts of the event that occurred.

That is incredible.

Congratulations to you.

Thanks so much.

And I'm just open to other gigs.

Have you worked since then?

Um, what do you mean by worked?

I mean, you ran out of the studio.

Yeah.

I don't even know if you got it.

If you, you know, punched your time card.

Didn't get paid.

Didn't want it.

My payment was the work.

I, when the album came out a year later, this was in early 93 that we did this.

When the album came out a year later, I eagerly ran to it.

I was like, who knows if they edited that out.

I certainly wouldn't have been mad and there it was.

And that's my payment.

Wow.

Yep.

Incredible.

So have you been paid since?

Uh, not for, uh, music session work.

No, I'm a vice president of actuarial science at Aetna insurance company, but I don't consider that.

I don't consider that my career.

Can I ask you a question?

So you're, of course you can.

You just, yeah, that's what I'm here for.

Why would you even have to worry about that?

You're the vice pres, one of the vice presidents of Aetna?

The vice president of actuarial science.

Yeah.

The data, the stats.

I wouldn't say that you're vice president of Aetna.

That's not, that's a different guy.

Yeah.

But I am the sole vice president of actuarial sciences.

And did you have that data wing?

Did you have that job prior to, okay.

I did.

I've had that job since 1982.

Okay.

So can I ask, I worked a long time to get that job.

Can I ask you something?

Yeah, sure.

When you say that you are a session musician, were you employed to be a session musician on that day of the Envogue?

No, I was brought in for it to sell.

Some policies and folks who they were going to do well, they're like, we need life insurance policies.

So I came in there and I was hanging around while they recorded.

And hitting a couple of drums?

I was like hitting a couple of drums, hitting a couple of bass guitars, which is what I always do when I'm in the studio.

Were the words, don't touch that ever muttered by anyone?

Yes.

Don't touch that.

Stay away from that.

But they were real chill and nice.

So it didn't seem like I had to listen to them.

Right.

So they were, they were the sweetest people.

So you, you just happened to wander in.

Grew.

I happened to, well I didn't happen to wander in.

They asked me to come sell them some life insurance.

They laid out some policies on a table and I had everything and I, you know, I tried to fill out as much as possible.

These are big names, so they just have to like sign it and like look it over and see if they want the policy.

Same policy for all four Envogues.

All four wanted the same policy.

Wow.

Well, they had a, you know, that was like to stop fights amongst the group, to my understanding.

You couldn't have like a favorite.

Yeah, favorite nations when it came to their life insurance.

Yeah.

So I feel like we're getting in the weeds about their policies there.

Which I'm happy to do.

So, um, I would rather not because I actually, I want to highlight the fact that you were in there selling them life insurance.

Initially, yes.

Initially.

And so then, and then they started recording.

So I'm in the control booth.

They start recording.

I'm like, this sounds great.

You were in the control booth and went into the.

Yeah, I'm in the control booth cause I have to run it by their manager who was there and I'm showing it to him and I'm letting them know like, oh, that'll be this.

And here's our short term, this and if you get paid, this is the beneficiary.

So then they start doing the song.

Yeah.

Dan question over here.

Yep.

They're fellow musicians.

Are we discovering here that actually when you said, and now it's time for a breakdown, you were actually just condensing the very thick document into bullet points.

Was this insurance related?

Yeah.

I was trying to summarize some of the insurance.

I mean, that's what I was saying initially.

And once I said it, I was by a microphone in the control room.

They left a hot mic on by mistake.

And, but as I heard myself say it, I was like, you know what?

This actually applies more to the song and invoke responded and did a breakdown.

Wow.

Then I now, as I was running out the door, I remember they were like, were we supposed to do that?

I don't think they thought you were running out the door because they were upset.

Um, well, I'm not great at reading social cues, so I'll tell you what they did.

And you tell me if that reads to you as upset.

Okay.

Yeah.

They're like, you ruined this.

Get out.

We'll never work with you or Aetna again.

I don't know.

Now I left.

I left, so I don't necessarily know what that means.

That could have been a gag.

Yeah.

And you never closed, you never closed the account.

I did not.

No, we didn't close that.

The on the on Vogue account.

We didn't get the on Vogue, uh, life insurance company.

That's okay.

Aetna's doing great.

Well, I mean, well, it worked out for them.

I mean, that was a smash and I, I've never heard of you.

I had assumed it was a sample or something.

Uh, I mean, uh, I guess it's probably has been since then.

I mean, that was the birth of a sample.

Well, I don't know what you mean.

Philosophical about it.

Like just the first time you do something, everything we're doing is a sample.

Just the samples that haven't been used yet.

And if it's a birth, it's crawling through that canal.

That's right.

All births come out of vaginas.

Right.

That's what I always say.

Well, that's amazing.

So, uh, so, and I'm open for gigs.

So if anybody needs somebody to hit a drum, hit a guitar, hit a base, do some spoken word, let me know.

I'm open to it.

Or if you need a life insurance policy, I can also do that.

That's mainly what I think that you should be here talking about.

Well, I'm not, you know, I don't want to tell, I'm a chill dude.

So like whatever people want to do is fine.

It doesn't, you don't seem that chill.

I consider myself exceptionally chill.

You see?

I haven't been rattled in days.

What happened a couple of days ago?

This asshole driving next to me on Los Feliz Boulevard gave me the business.

I got out of my car with a bat.

It was bad.

With a bat!

Went to some batting cages to work it out.

Oh, okay.

I thought you mentioned Ozzy Osbourne before.

I thought you meant a bat bat.

Oh, like a, like a flying mouse?

Isn't that what they are?

My goodness.

Uh, Randy Useless.

Uh, you're really, uh, uh, uh, personifying your name.

Yeah.

It's a stage name.

Yeah.

Oh, it's a stage name.

Yeah.

What stage?

Uh, Hartford, um, Civic Center.

And that stage only is where I use it.

Okay.

Well, look, we need to go to a break, but before we do, Dan, are you ready to play a song?

Are you ready to bring everything to the aforementioned screeching halts?

I won't say anything, but if you do give me a very clear high sign.

If you ever want a breakdown coming.

Look at me in the slightest direction, if you want to take that as a cue.

There will come a point when this needs a breakdown.

Oh boy.

And of the three of you, I know who I'm going to ask to do it.

Okay.

Great.

I'm coy.

Now is this song, uh, coming from your new record?

Yeah.

There's a song called peaks and valleys.

Peaks and valleys.

Dan Mangan.

So love is simple when it's broken.

It's the softest words ever spoken.

And I said, I was kidding, but I was joking.

And now I'm twisted up and lost in thought, but I remember what I was thinking.

Oh, that feeling always sinking.

No, that waiting to take that stage and the feeling we could.

Let them wait and hey, Steven, how Sally and how the peaks and how the valleys.

And I've been down some, but I rarely.

And have you found something to sink your teeth into?

So keep it even.

Keep her happy.

And don't be afraid to love her madly.

And she will steer you and keep you afloat as you row that boat until you both let go someday.

So is it simple being older?

Now we got all these kids upon our shoulders.

See, I just get softer and the world gets colder.

Now I'm twisted up and lost in thought.

But do you remember the night got late and equations are calculating in my veins and you saved my life.

In the final round, some kind of paper cup, tea, some hell bath, festival ground.

And hey, Steven, how Sally, how the peaks and how the valleys.

And I've been down some, but I rarely.

And have you found something to sink your teeth into?

So keep it even.

Keep her happy.

And don't be afraid to love her madly.

We should recap, lay it on me.

The good, the bad, the in between.

And hey, Steven, are you happy?

How the kids, man, how's that family?

They cannot spare you from the valleys.

But they will give you something you can lean into.

So keep it even.

Keep her happy.

Don't be afraid to love her madly.

And she will steer you and keep you afloat as you roll that boat until you both let go.

Now it's time for a breakdown.

Someday.

Wow.

You didn't have to do that.

Wow.

It's, you know, musicians, man.

We got to look out for each other.

I can't tell you how happy you've made me.

All right, let's go to a break.

When we come back, we have the aforementioned website owner.

This is incredible.

We'll be right back with more Comedy Bang Bang after this.

Comedy Bang Bang.

We are back here.

Dan Mangan sang right before the break.

And what's the name of that song again?

That's a song called Peaks and Valleys.

Peaks and Valleys.

More or less peaks and valleys.

You're into a very like this or that.

Deek-a-deek, deek-a-deek.

Yeah, it's, I think the whole record has a lot of that sort of, uh, I'm feeling older and kind of better, but also worse.

You know how, uh, New Order, they would have songs that are just like one word, like regret, you know, or confusion.

And then Pet Shop Boys are like, you only tell me you love me when you're drunk.

You're like this or that.

Beep-a-dee, beep-a-dee.

Like what are the other titles of songs on your record?

Let's see what, uh, we have, uh, Lynchpin.

We have Just Fear, Cold in the Summer.

Cold in the Summer.

Okay.

So that makes sense.

All right.

Those are opposites.

Yeah.

Okay, good.

Uh, Trouble in the Mind.

Cold in the Summer.

Which Is It, which kind of, you know, it's a question.

One or the other.

Yeah.

Which Is It?

Is this like a Bandersnatch kind of thing?

Like it's a good- Do you have a reveal?

At the end of the song, you're like, I gotta tell you, it's this one.

Uh, tell my story.

We also have a good old Randy Useless here who was very, very useful during that song.

You, uh, I was ready.

He was the opposite of Useless.

Hey, thank you fellow musician, Dan.

And, uh, uh, this is exciting guys because we have to get to our next guest.

He is a website owner and we'll find out what website that is.

Please welcome to the show, Jimmy Bug Brickhouse.

Oh, how's it going guys?

How y'all doing?

You doing good?

I'm doing good, Jimmy.

That's it.

I'm really glad to be here guys.

Love, uh, love the music I've been listening.

It's good, man.

It's real good.

Thank you.

It's real good.

Uh, if you, if you have any extra copies of your, uh, albums that you're trying to get rid of for cheap, let me know.

Put them on your website.

Uh, yeah, that's uh, thanks for mentioning my website.

Like I said, when I came here, make sure you tell everybody how much, how important it is that I have a website.

Yeah, you do have a website.

I do.

It's uh, by the way, your name is Jimmy, Jimmy Bug.

Yes, sir.

Yeah.

Is that your first name, Jimmy Bug?

My whole first name is Jimmy Bug.

Uh, it's a family name, uh, similar, uh, to the Dimwits.

How do you mean a family name?

Because usually the family name is at the end of the name.

Right.

Uh, my family's a little bit different.

If you're in the United States.

Yeah.

My family's a little bit different.

Uh, it's, it's, you know, all of our first names are something Bug.

Something Bug.

Yeah, Larry Bug.

Uh, it's my dad, my brother, uh, Chris Bug.

Um, Kevin Bugs, my, uh, uncle, uh, my grandfather, uh, is, uh, rest his soul.

He is, uh, he's grandpa Bug.

We, we, uh, Oh, okay.

Yeah.

What, uh, did he pass on recently?

Uh, no, he's just in bad health.

Oh, yeah.

So you're, you're hoping God rests his soul as he.

I'm hoping God makes the preliminary steps in his journey towards wherever he ends up.

We say when people die, we say rest in peace, but I would hope that up until their death, they're also resting in peace.

You know what I mean?

After you die, there's not a lot going on.

Hey, you ain't wrong.

And the whole rest in peace thing.

I've always wondered, are a lot of people like, is it just trouble presuming that a lot of people are like, you know, if you have life?

Yeah.

I mean, you know, you never know what it's going to be like on the other side.

You know, I'm a restless man.

So when I pass on, I expect to be puttering about for quite a while.

Can't wait.

Just up at three in the morning.

Yeah.

In a bathrobe.

Yep.

Checking Twitter.

Getting stuff done.

So what is your website?

My website is www.cheapcrap.com.

You know, a lot of people, um, they go and they buy crap from, uh, Amazon or, you know, other, other big websites like that.

I said, you know what?

I'm going to, I'm going to cut out, uh, the big business middleman and I'm going to do it straight from my house.

Me and my wife, we run cheap crap.com.

So you are, are still a middleman.

Is that right?

Yeah.

Well, you're not making the cheap crap.

If we're going to get technical here.

Yeah.

I guess I am a middleman in that somebody comes to me.

They say, let me buy that cheap crap.

I say, you got it, baby.

And you're not making the cheap crap.

You're purchasing it from somewhere else.

I usually order cheap crap, uh, from Amazon or, um, you just get in your marketing it up.

I mark it down.

You market down.

I, uh, I go on Amazon every day and I see what their daily deals are.

You ever heard of these daily?

They got daily deals.

We'll give you, give you something for real.

That's such a great website.

They give you all these deals.

It's so easy to use.

Ton of deals.

Well, listen, man, my website deals all day.

And you market, you market down from the daily deals?

I mark it down.

No, I take the daily deal price and then I, and then I, and then I mark it down from the daily deal price when I buy it.

Yeah.

Okay.

So, right.

That's so confusing.

You guys it's cheap crap.com.

Cheap crap.com.

It's self-explanatory.

What type of stuff do you sell?

Oh, all sorts of things.

Uh, mugs, cups, uh, plastic ware, uh, stuff.

It's cheap crap, man.

It's the cheapest crap you can get on Amazon.

Uh, and I buy as much of it as possible on those daily deals.

And then I put it on my website.

I'm looking at your website right now.

The current deal is two mugs for a nickel?

Yeah, that's right.

That's cheap.

Yeah.

Two coffee mugs.

Yeah, yeah.

And also for shipping.

They don't look like they go together.

No, no, no, no, no, no, no.

My thing is I pair items.

I pair items to make you feel like you're getting even more of a deal.

One of these says Starbucks Pike Place original location.

And the other one says number one ant.

Right.

One of those is one that I bought from Amazon.

And actually the other one is a commemorative cup from a trip I took to Seattle.

Which one?

The number one ant?

The number one ant cup.

So I got, uh.

You went to visit your aunt in Seattle.

Yeah, yeah.

And took her mug?

Yeah, I took her mug.

This is terrible.

Cause she had a number one ant mug and I was like, that's presumptuous.

Yeah.

That's bragging.

You didn't know how you felt about it.

No.

Well, I did.

I was upset about it.

This is ant bug.

Yeah, this is ant bug.

Yeah.

Well, her name is.

A bug's life, ants?

Jenny bug.

Jenny bug is my aunt.

But yeah, I stole her mug.

And now I sell it with a Starbucks commemorative mug as well on my site for a nickel.

For a nickel?

For two.

Yeah.

Free shipping as well.

So technically.

Free shipping?

Yeah.

Free shipping on everything from treatcrap.com, you guys.

Are you paying for the shipping?

Huh?

I worked out a deal with the post office similar to how it was on deal.

It's a deal.

Don't go there.

I love it there, but you can get everything you need there at, what is it called?

What are we at?

What is stamps.com, right?

Stamps.com.

Yeah.

Hey, I would love to get a deal with stamps.com.

Yeah, we'll hook you up.

But currently I do have a deal worked out where I pay full price for all shipping, but they do it all for me.

How did you work out that deal?

I went there and I said.

Why did you have to work that out?

I wanted to make sure they'd come to my house and pick up all my mail because there's been some issues in the past spotty service, which is I think an issue with.

Spotty service.

Like every other day.

It's not like cell phone service.

They say neither rain nor hail nor sleet nor snow.

I mean, they're supposed to come pick up this stuff.

Hey, you can go.

You can talk to Jeremy Spruill and tell him why he doesn't come by my house every day to pick up my mail.

Jeremy Spruill is your mail carrier.

He's my mail carrier.

Yeah, I see.

He comes up in his little Jeep Cherokee.

He's not in an official US postage.

No, no, no.

This is his own car.

He uses his own car.

He modified it.

He drives on the left side.

Modified it?

Or on the right side.

Left side?

Oh, that's good.

He drives on the right side.

Yeah, that's good.

And I think we haven't always saw eye to eye about stuff.

So I think there's a lot of.

What do you mean?

You've had a.

Well, he's shorter than me.

So.

Okay.

Oh, I get it.

Yeah.

But you get it.

Yeah.

It's just the guys.

That was a burn.

That was just a burn on Jeremy.

Okay.

Oh, okay.

We don't see eye to eye because he's a short little bitch.

Whoa.

Yeah.

Jeremy, you heard me, Jeremy, you are a short little bitch.

Wow.

I don't know that we had invited you on the show to be name calling.

So you didn't, but I'm using the opportunity.

You better believe it.

Okay.

Hey, what is more where that came from?

What is the root of your issues with with Jeremy?

Is with Jeremy.

We played on the same youth basketball team when I was 13.

His dad was the coach.

So he got all the starting opportunities, but I was a much better basketball player than him.

I mean, in my first appearance, I scored 16 points.

Okay.

And that's big for youth basketball.

Right.

How many were threes?

How many were twos?

All free throws, actually, because I can draw a foul.

I can draw a foul.

What do you, how do you do that?

What is it?

You go to shoot and you lean into the guy.

And then when he grazes you, you fall to the floor and look at the ref and like, come on, man.

So yeah, you're really selling it.

You're acting out there.

And I'm a salesman, Scott.

Okay.

I am a salesman.

Okay.

So you're able to do that eight times in that game.

Yeah.

And then I made all the free throws.

So I mean, free throws are the hardest shot you can make in a basketball game.

I've always heard that.

Yeah.

That's why they're free when they're free.

It's like, Hey, it's honestly, people say, people say it's harder to make a shot when you're being guarded by somebody who's taller than you disagree.

I think it's harder to make a shot when everybody in that damn stadium is looking at you.

Yeah.

And the pressure is on your shoulders.

Cause usually when you're dribbling the ball and actually going hard into the paint, people are not looking at you.

Nope.

You're usually they're obsessed with their hot dogs.

Yeah. Because that's everybody knows when they're driving to the paint.

That's the that's your break time.

Go to the bathroom, go to the concession stand, whatever.

But free throw time.

It's like, Oh, Hey, everyone, a free throws.

It's a moment where time freezes.

It's the parallel park of basketball.

Exactly.

And you should call them freeze throws.

Oh, they absolutely should.

Yeah.

But can we petition the NBA on this show to get them to be called freeze throws?

I'll see what I can do.

Yeah.

You got to connect.

I mean, I'll, I'll, I'll look up an email.

Okay.

You know, info at nba.com is my first guess.

That's a good website.

Speaking of the NBA, though, you guys, if you if you click on the NBA tab on my website, I've got some really great cheap crap.

Oh, yeah.

For from the NBA.

I've got some some napkins from the Staples Center.

Oh, yeah.

I've got the the little Coca Cola branded cups that you can get.

And you've paired these off with what?

Well, you'll see there's a a a calendar from the Blossom TV show.

Okay.

Yeah, that's with the Staples Center napkins, and they're just loose napkins.

Not like a package.

No, no, no, it's six.

It's six napkins.

But don't worry, when they come to you, they will be packaged.

They won't be flying around in a box.

It sounds like you've had people give you gruff about that before you seem wary about that.

I've taken a few returns.

And honestly, it really, it really throws a wrench into the works when I have to take a return.

Because my website is not set up for that type of transaction.

Honestly, my website is not currently check out right now.

And it says mail a check to this address.

My nickel.

You want to write a check for a nickel for these two mugs?

If we're being honest, my website is a list.

It is not a there's no sort of A lot of websites are though.

Right.

But you know, a lot of people have a store, a store mechanic where you put some in your cart, whatever.

Click on something, add a credit card number.

Mine is pictures on a on a there's no search function.

It's just a it's a picture.

You did mention the NBA tab.

Right.

Which is just There's a lot of tabs.

Yeah, it's just tabs.

It's not.

There's no sort of It just drops you down to halfway.

And and so you basically you you just see what you want.

And then at the end, there's my contact info, cell phone number, email address.

Right.

My actual mailing address, which I do not think you should trust.

Don't try to send me a letter because I swear to God.

Jeremy Spruill.

If he sees that somebody is sending me a letter.

He's he's intercepting your mail?

He's intercepting my letters, man.

Is it possible you're just not getting mail on those days?

Well, are you kidding me?

Scott, have you been to my website?

I am definitely a popular guy.

I mean, look at how many voicemails I have on my phone.

Yeah, four.

Yeah.

How many voicemails do you get?

You just come on.

Yeah, exactly, man.

I'm a popular motherfucker.

So I mean, it just to me, I don't know if you should be blaming Jeremy for this.

What of the confrontations with Jeremy?

How have those gone?

Well, you know, they've been pretty passive.

It's kind of just like we see each other at the grocery store.

And I catch his eyes and he kind of gives me his eyes back.

And we don't really say anything.

Does he know you?

Does he remember you from when you were 13?

Here's what I'm thinking.

You were on this basketball team with him.

Sounds like you played one game.

His dad was the coach.

You then went off in separate directions.

He doesn't even know who you are.

And he's your mail carrier.

You're thinking I'm holding a grudge that no one, he doesn't even know.

He doesn't even know he hurt me.

That's what it sounds like to me.

People know when they hurt people, Scott.

You can feel it when you hurt people.

I mean, that's if you can read social cues.

Yeah.

I mean, when I must be nice.

Yeah.

Which I but I know what that's like because I can do that.

Yeah, it's not nice.

It isn't nice.

I'll tell you, because I mean, I, I, you know, I've been dealing with a lot of you're cheering up.

Yeah.

What's going on?

You know, it's just with everything going on.

Jimmy Buck.

I started this website hoping to that it would change.

It would turn things around.

You know what I mean?

Well, sure.

I thought this would be a win.

I do have to say it's a bad business plan.

You're buying things, selling them for less and paying full freight on the shipping.

You know, maybe I didn't think it all the way through.

Okay.

But it felt good.

Even the first part sounds bad to me.

Which part?

What part?

Just buying the things.

Buying the things.

Oh, you mean to tell me you don't buy things, Scott?

Sure, but I don't turn around and sell them.

So you just got unlimited space in your house for all the stuff you've got.

I like having a mom and pop option.

I don't always like going to the big corporate things.

You know what I mean?

I like going to local record stores, for example, when I can.

Or a local bookstore I like to try to go to.

What's something you need right now?

Another copy of the En Vogue album?

Yeah, I mean, I would love that.

I mean, I can't find it anywhere.

Unfortunately, we don't have that.

But I'm sure if you peruse the website, you can find something that's similar.

I mean, we've got...

When you say similar, do you mean circular?

I mean, we've got drink coasters from a Chili's and Reseda.

I need to get a new comforter for my bed.

I want to get...

That's great.

Try another website because we don't have that either.

But do you have things that are similar?

Like rectangular?

Yeah.

I mean, we've got a bunch of poster board.

It sounds to me also like...

Make a comforter out of poster board?

Yeah, you can cover yourself with that.

String them together with some invisible tape.

We got that on the website too.

Stole that from my last job.

It sounds to me like a lot of what you're selling is not stuff you're buying either.

It sounds to me like you're just picking up random things.

What is buying anyway, Scott?

Well, it's...

Buying is finding and...

Finding.

Buying can also be finding.

Finders keepers and losers weepers.

Yes.

Of course.

So yeah, you know, not everything on my website is stuff that I've bought.

I'm here on your website.

It says four coffee creamers.

Uh-huh.

But one of them looks open.

Yeah, good eye.

Really good eye.

I couldn't get another picture.

My digital camera crapped out when I was taking that picture.

You took that one picture, realized that you had opened one.

Oh, I should take that out.

Yeah.

Your digital camera crapped out.

Yeah, my digital camera crapped out at that exact moment.

Did you pair the opened one with the closed ones?

Yes, those are from two separate restaurants.

That's a pairing.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

The open one was from Applebee's.

The other three were from Denny's.

So you're pairing three Denny's unopened creamers with an opened Applebee's creamer.

Yeah, value.

Value.

Value, guys, value.

And how much are you selling that for?

What's it say on the website here?

Which is the creamers?

Uh, 25 cents.

25 cents.

So that's an upgrade from two mugs.

Yeah, that's more expensive than two mugs, guys.

Because, hey, you never...

I mean, creamer is like...

Creamer goes in the mugs.

Yeah, creamer goes in the mugs.

So you can't use one without a creamer.

A mug can't go in creamer.

So when you think about it.

Yeah, yeah.

I hook them with the mug.

Oh, I get it.

I need something to put.

It's like the razors.

It's like the printer ink thing.

Exactly.

Look how much coffee packets cost on the...

Let me look, let me look.

Whoa, $100.

That's right.

Wow.

If you want a coffee, it's $100.

This is no longer cheap crap anymore.

Oh, hey, that's good coffee.

You should just call it crap.

It says Folgers.

Folgers coffee?

Yeah, delicious coffee.

What do you think good coffee is?

Oh, I don't know.

I'm not even sure.

We're not here to, you know, to come down on your stuff.

Well, listen, guys, I'm listening.

You don't have to tell me to listen anymore.

It feels like you guys are like, you're questioning a thing that I have sort of put my whole livelihood in.

And you say it's not working out for you, though.

We're right to question it.

It's a new thing.

You know, they say it takes a few years for a business to really take on.

How long have you been doing this?

I've been doing this since I graduated from high school at 18.

I'm now 33 years old.

What?

It was one of the first websites I ever bought.

I've got others.

You bought more?

Yes.

Well, this says you're a website owner, not a websites owner.

Well, you know, this is the one I take credit for the most because it's, I think it's the most lucrative.

The other ones have not...

Your flagship website.

Yeah, the other websites aren't making speed.

What are the other websites?

You know what?

Tell us about it after the break.

Okay.

I want to hook you with this, much in the same way that you're hooking people with mugs.

We've hooked you with the one website.

Now you're going to hear about Jimmy Bugs other websites after the break.

But before we go to a break, Dan, you ready to sing another song?

Let's do it.

What is this one called?

This is a song called Troubled Mind.

Troubled Mind.

This is Dan Mangan from the album More or Less.

I can take the heat, cause I got a troubled mind.

This story repeats, and you know I got a troubled mind.

And it won't let up, it's like a bad dream.

Say I got a troubled mind.

I'm shaking like a sad teen, gotta say I got a troubled mind.

What the hell is wrong with everybody right now?

Everywhere I look it's the same sound.

Haunted by the melody, melody haunted by the melody, melody.

Sometimes it gets ahead of me, ahead of my mind it gets ahead of me, gets ahead of me haunted by the melody, the melody haunted by the melody.

Riots in the street, guess I got a troubled mind.

And if history repeats, well you know I got a troubled mind.

And it won't let up, and it won't let up, and it won't, what the hell is wrong with everybody right now?

Everywhere I look it's the same sound.

Haunted by the melody, the melody haunted by the melody, melody.

Sometimes it gets ahead of me, ahead of my mind it gets ahead of me, gets ahead of me haunted by the melody, the melody haunted by the melody, melody.

Sometimes it gets ahead of me, ahead of my mind it gets ahead of me, gets ahead of me.

Are we a force of nature, or just a sore in the mouth?

Are we the beautiful future, I can't figure it out.

Are we a force of nature, or just a sore in the mouth?

Are we the beautiful future, I can't figure it out.

And what the hell is wrong with everybody right now?

Everywhere I look it's the same sound.

Haunted by the melody, the melody haunted by the melody, melody.

Sometimes it gets ahead of me, ahead of my mind it gets ahead of me, gets ahead of me.

Haunted by the melody, the melody haunted by the melody, melody.

Sometimes it gets ahead of me, ahead of my mind it gets ahead of me, gets ahead of me.

Haunted by the melody, the melody haunted by the melody, melody.

Sometimes it gets ahead of me, ahead of my mind it gets ahead of me, gets ahead of me.

Are we the voice of reason, or just the faintest sound?

Are we the voice of reason, I can't figure it out.

Oh wow, I wondered if it was time for a breakdown, but I guess it wasn't.

Time for the song dance.

It's not time, it's not time.

All right, let's go to a break.

When we come back we'll have more Dan Mangin, more Randy Useless, and more Jimmy Bug Brickhouse.

We'll be right back after this.

Comedy Bang Bang, we're back here, Dan Mangin, a wonderful song.

Boy, I tell you that last song you played, it got quiet.

It was almost like Billy Idol's dancing with myself, where it's like I thought you were gonna be like, sweat, sweat, sweat, sweat, sweat, sweat, and then, you know, get back in there.

That was beautiful.

Or maybe there would be a breakdown.

I was ready, but I also respect if it's not time for a breakdown, it would be- How do you know when it's time?

This is Randy Useless, of course, session musician.

Randy Useless, who said now it's time for a breakdown in the Invoke song, never gonna get it.

Is it usually something to do with the contracts and the insurance?

Oh, if I'm selling insurance policy, it's time for a breakdown when I have to summarize the benefits to the client.

That's usually a pitch.

But you know, it's like it got instinct when it is time for the breakdown.

Yeah, in music, you don't know until the second before.

Yeah.

Like now, now it's time.

We also have Jimmy Bug Brickhouse, who's a website owner, and this is incredible news.

Before the break, we heard he's a websites owner.

Yeah, that's true.

So hit us with it.

You're the owner of CheapCrap.com, which is a failing website.

That's my current one.

These others are not current?

Well, they're ones that I've sort of let fall by the wayside because they didn't prove to be...

Inactive websites, but they're still up on the web?

I think you can find a couple of them.

I've got kidsclothes.com.

Kids clothes?

Yeah, it's just...

That's a good...

That's a valuable website.

Well, it's a good name, but it's just...

It's the clothes that I wore as a kid trying to resell.

So they're all like sort of early 80s styles.

You're 33.

Yeah.

So it's not the most current wardrobe for kids these days, it looks like.

So not a lot of traffic there.

It's still up here when I go here.

Oh, yeah?

It's a Smurfs onesie.

Thundar the Barbarian.

A Smurfs onesie meaning it's designed to make you look like a Smurf or it's a onesie with a picture of a Smurf on it.

This to me looks real Smurf-esque.

Yeah, it's full blue with a hood.

Yeah.

A white hood.

You can do your face as well if you want to.

If you want to.

And that's on the website.

Yeah.

That's in the description.

If you look on the...

If you scroll down like three or four pages, you'll see there's actually an old can of blue face paint that my mom used to do.

Tear that up.

Tear right up.

Has your mom passed on?

No, she's still alive, but she's...

She's going to one day.

Unless she's like Dan over here.

But she's going through a tough time economically, we'll say.

Oh no, what's going on?

Well, I don't know.

She's just...

Her website's not doing well.

Her websites aren't doing very well.

She has a website.

Yeah.

What is her website?

Momstuff.com.

So it's you guys just trying to...

Just trying to get domain names.

Yeah, momstuff.com is really good.

Can I suggest an amendment to your business plan and just to license these great URLs to people who could actually run a better business?

Momstuff is...

That sounds good.

Momstuff.com is great.

I would go to that.

You'd go to momstuff.com?

I mean, depending on what was up.

Well, right now...

Maybe milfstuff.com.

Yeah.

No, right now it's not driving a lot of traffic.

It's just sort of... It's kind of like her journal.

It's more like momthoughts.

She should have called it momthoughts instead of stuff.

Does she have momthoughts.com?

No, we're trying to get momthoughts.com.

Oh, how much do they want for it?

Uh, $33,000.

Why don't you sell momstuff.com for more than $33,000?

Because they're sentimental value now, you know?

You'll notice nothing on my websites is stuff that I could have any emotional attachment to.

I develop a sentimental attachment to stuff pretty easily.

Okay, but nothing on your kidsclothes.com.

So you have no sentimental attachment to it.

I hated my style as a kid.

The Smurf stuff.

Your style.

Yeah.

I mean, these clothes look all right for a kid.

Yeah, a lot of osh, gosh, pogosh.

Yeah, yeah, there's a Garanimals, husky-sized jeans.

Hey, man, come on.

Don't say that out loud.

That's what it says.

Don't say it out loud.

Yeah, all right, I was a big kid.

Okay, it's funny.

And you're a big adult.

I mean, is that okay to say?

I mean, you're...

Yeah, I'm tall, I'm big.

Yeah, I don't usually like to talk about people's bodies unless it comes up naturally in the conversation.

I shop at the big and tall.

We'll say.

Yeah, primarily big, I would think, because you're not incredibly tall.

You're about five...

Five seven?

Five seven.

Five seven and a half when I've been laying down.

You should just be shopping at big.

Yeah, they don't have a big store.

Is it bad to say that you are a wide person?

Is that a bad way to say it?

Big and wide.

You know, maybe this is a time for me to own it.

You know, I've always looked at it as a bad thing.

But yeah, hey, guys, I'm as wide as I am tall, and that's fine.

You're like a square.

You're five seven...

Yeah.

Sideways, five seven tall.

Maybe I'll lay on you.

Useless me, that would work.

I mean, it looks like it would keep me warm.

Oh yeah, let me tell you, you'll be sweating.

If you would be anything like me with me laying on top of you, you'd be sweating.

If you would be...

I'm trying to work out the math on that.

If he...

When I lay on him, he is anything like me.

Right, got it.

He will be sweating.

Got it.

Yeah, you're sweating now.

Yeah.

Stay sweating.

I thought it was tears, but you're...

Nope, I stay sweating.

You're proud of it.

That's my other website.

You staysweating.com.

That's also good.

This is great.

Hey, I don't know.

For an exercise program or something?

No, no, no, no.

It's just...

I'm looking at it now.

It's just pictures of you shirtless, stripped to the waist and sweating.

To what end?

You know, people are into weird crap on the internet, man.

I thought...

It's like, you know, they got webcams and stuff and there's fetishes for everything.

There's no address to send money on this site.

It's just the pictures.

I figure people are good at the internet.

They can figure out who owns it and they'll send me a...

I don't know.

Don't send me a check, please.

But if you could, like, I don't know, what's the kid...

The kids are using Venmo nowadays.

Sure.

I'm not on it, but...

But you don't list your Venmo handle.

I don't have it.

It's not on it.

I make it...

Listen, guys, I make choices before I think up through.

It's been the name of the game for my whole life.

I quit my basketball team after that one game without thinking about the future.

Okay, so you only played...

Was it your first game that you ever...

First ever game of playing basketball.

And you were upset at Jeremy.

I was upset at Jeremy because he was a starter.

You knew how to draw fouls.

Yeah.

What?

Do you expect the coach to put you in?

It's your first game.

I mean, he's got a team that works already.

Well, I mean, I guess I expected too much of him.

Yeah.

Hey, hey, Coach Spruill, if you're out there listening, look at me now.

You're a failing...

Look at me now, Coach.

Are you asking him to take a look at you so he can feel sorry for you?

Go to alwayssweating.com.

Staysweating.com.

You have alwayssweating.com.

Alwayssweating.com.

Just redirect the sister site.

It's a separate site.

Separate site.

It's two separate sites.

Guys, I spend a lot of money every year on websites.

I keep these things.

I got them auto drafted on my bank account.

Well, yeah, you don't want to lose the websites.

These are valuable.

You can sell these for tens of thousands of dollars.

I know.

You know.

I know.

That's the other part.

Yeah.

I struggle with inaction, guys.

That's another bad thing about me.

Take action.

Sell them.

Take...

You know what?

Hey, if there's anybody out there listening that they want any of these websites...

I'm here at momstuff.com, and it's mostly your mom's thoughts.

Yeah.

The opening entry, she's just talking about how she misses Jay Leno.

Yeah.

That she misses Jay Leno was still hosting The Tonight Show.

I guess she was a fan or something.

Yeah.

And it's crazy.

I recorded every episode of The Jay Leno Show, and I gave her the DVR that had them all on there, and I was like, Mom, stop talking about this.

One DVR?

Okay, for what?

Every episode for 25 years?

You mean The Tonight Show, not the Jay Leno Show, right?

Everything Jay Leno ever did is on this DVR.

Whoa, the Doritos commercials?

Doritos commercials are on there.

That movie with Pat Morita?

Yes, the movies.

Every appearance he's ever made on the news.

On the news?

Even news sites announcing that he was taking over The Tonight Show?

I wasted so much of my childhood searching for Jay Leno content for my mother.

And I told her, I said, Mom, we're done with this, okay?

He's retired.

He's moving on.

You need to move on.

But then Jay Leno's car show comes on.

Oh, God, she ate it up.

I was like, Mom, this is crap.

This is crap.

He doesn't even do jokes.

He doesn't even do a monologue.

He doesn't do any...

He doesn't do the monologue in the Pat Morita movie either.

What if he did?

You can have hope.

You can always have hope.

Wow.

Yeah, it could be coming.

Yeah, you never know.

Yeah.

And they could have said, the producers of that movie were like, hey, this is Leno.

We got Leno.

We got Morita.

Yeah, we got it.

Let's make Morita do the wax on, wax off.

Let's make Leno do a monologue.

Yeah, Leno can react.

And he'll do it like monologue jokes.

Like, you guys hear about this wax on, wax off?

Not a bad impression.

You hear about wax on, wax off?

I can do that.

Do you do impressions on any of your websites?

I do.

jimmybugtalks.com.

Jimmy, okay, that's not a popular...

It's okay.

Yeah, zero visits.

I guess you can hold out hope that Disney is going to make an animated movie with a character called Jimmy Bug.

That's what I think.

And then it'll be very valuable.

Hopefully, unless he doesn't talk in the movie.

Well, that's, well, I mean...

Oh, it could be like a meme thing where they're like, Jimmy Bug Talks Now.

Right, yeah.

I mean, imagine jiminycricket sings.com now would be, you know.

It'd be great.

Damn, I should have jumped on that one.

I mean, damn.

You would be before the internet.

Well, this is...

At all that time, I could have thought about it.

So what do you plan to do with your life now?

I mean, obviously you're...

Keep on rocking, Scott.

Well, sure.

I'm just going to keep on rocking.

I mean, you must be in a morass of debt.

Surprisingly, yes.

I am.

Surprisingly, yes.

I'm underwater.

That's not a surprise.

That would not cure any kind of hiccups for Dan.

How you feeling?

No hiccups this whole time.

No hiccups today, yeah.

Because you're on the edge of your seat.

Yeah, I think it's me.

It's me that did it.

I just feel scared, that's why.

You're scared?

Hey, don't be scared for me, man.

Don't cry for me.

He's scared of you.

You're scared of me?

I have a thing where if people's physical nature resembles geometrical shapes that I'm too familiar with, it causes me a little bit of a...

You're familiar with squares.

I feel that way too.

I like shapes and colors.

Yeah.

Listen, man, I ain't going to hurt you, Dan.

Oh, thank you.

I like your tunes, man.

And I noticed you don't play with a pick.

I don't play with...

Do you need picks?

Do you sell picks?

I got so many picks on my website on cheap crap.

Let me go look.

Check it out.

Oh, you got seven of them.

Yeah.

Seven picks.

Seven's not a lot.

How many picks do you go through during a tour, Dan?

Well, I think...

Well, you don't play with a pick.

I don't play with a pick, but I think typically a guitar player would go through maybe five a gig.

Yeah.

Then, hey, I say value these picks.

What's going on with the picks that they're going through five?

Do they get caught in the hole?

No.

In the guitar?

No, I think it's just that they're careless and they drop them or they throw them.

They drop them.

Yeah.

There are some people...

Why not pick them up?

I mean, that is like a waste of money.

But back in the 80s, the hair metal bands, they'd just take a hammer and they'd throw them at people.

They'd throw them at you.

Yeah, exactly.

It was like they were doing them a favor, really.

They were just throwing things.

Where did you get these seven picks?

You ever heard the story he just told?

Yeah.

Because I said, yeah, that's how it happened for me.

A hair metal band through...

Yeah.

And you caught seven.

Yeah.

A little-known hair metal band from my hometown.

I went to see one of their shows.

What's your hometown?

My hometown is a tiny little town outside of Raleigh, North Carolina.

Yeah, I'm not going to say the name of it because I don't want people to start sending me mail and then I got to interact with Jeremy.

Wait, you want people to send you mail?

No, I don't want people to send me any mail because I don't want to interact with Jeremy.

Okay.

But no, I went to see...

What was the band?

They were called Loose Boys.

Loose Boys?

Yes.

With a Z like, enough's enough?

Yeah, there was two Zs.

And there was a Z in Loose, too.

Loose Boys.

And after every song, they would just chuck a whole bag of picks in the...

Whole bag?

They would rip the top off of a 30-pack and then just shake it out.

They just shake it out like they were spreading feed for chickens.

How many people would be in the audience for these shows?

Oh, six, seven.

It's great.

Me, my brother.

And you got seven of these 30 picks.

Yeah, yeah.

I split them evenly with the crowd.

So you got them all and then distributed them?

Yeah.

Okay, that's nice of you.

I took some time to sort of...

Made a little possible one for me, one for you.

Did you stop the show to do this?

Yeah, yeah.

Well, they were taking a break.

They did breaks between every song, so...

Sounds like it was time for a breakdown.

Yeah.

Shoot, I missed a...

This is a while ago.

Now it's over, yeah.

Yeah.

Then it was time for a breakdown.

I guess I could say that.

That was good, though, man.

I like it.

Thank you.

If you need any picks or anything, I know you don't use them, but if you need them, you can have them.

Can have them?

You can have them.

Well, look, they're free on the website.

Did you bring them with you?

You gotta pay shipping.

No, no, no.

I'll ship them.

Now you have to pay shipping?

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

The customer has to pay shipping.

Good.

You know what?

I'll eat the shipping on this one.

I'll eat the shipping on this one for you, Danny.

You're gonna give them stuff and eat the shipping.

Yeah, I'll eat the shipping.

Free picks for you, Danny.

EatTheShipping.com.

Yeah, yeah.

Do you have EatTheShipping.com?

Hang on a second.

Yep, EatTheShipping.com.

Wow, did you just get it through Squarespace, I hope?

Yeah, yeah.

And yeah.

They make buying domains very simple.

Yeah, I did it.

And I got, that's how quick it happens, guys.

Wow.

That's a true example of how quick.

Yeah.

EatTheShipping.com.

Yeah, I'll put something on there eventually, but I got it for now.

What are you gonna put on there?

Just examples of you eating the shipping?

Pictures of you shirtless?

Me standing at a mailbox holding a box.

That's when I got the cash in my hand, putting it in the box.

Well, gosh, Jimmy Bug, I wish you well, but I...

I appreciate that, Scott.

I would not be surprised, speaking of not being surprised, I would not be surprised if you are dead within the next six months.

Hey, if it ain't broke, don't try to fix it, baby.

But yeah, no, I might be dead pretty soon.

A lot of health issues, but we'll get to those later.

We will.

Yeah.

Well, maybe next time.

I don't know.

Promise me.

Hopefully you'll stay alive and you'll come back to the show.

I would hope so.

Maybe that'll give you the will to keep on going.

Hey, yeah, I can make it probably six months.

Okay, so at some point in between now and the next six months, I have to ask you...

I'm an expert in actuarial statistics, where one of our main focuses of the study is trying to predict how long people live.

Yeah, you're really...

You should be in the market for what he's selling over here.

I would not sell a policy to you.

My company would not...

Yeah, you're...

He hasn't even heard of any of your health problems.

Let's just say, it ain't just diabetes.

What a brag.

Do you have that dot com?

It ain't just diabetes.

I have the dot net. The dot com is taken.

All right.

Well, look, guys, we're running out of time.

We just have one last feature on the show, and that is a little something called plugs.

Wow.

Sounded like a truck backing up during part of it, but that was plugs by L.

Cordubel, dammit.

Dan is a musician.

What do you think of that song?

I think it's a 10 out of 10.

10 out of 10.

Wow.

All the points you can get.

All right, guys, what are we plugging?

Dan, obviously, your album more or less is out there.

Dan, one of my favorite musicians and great, great records.

First had you on the show because I heard your record, Oh Fortune.

It was sent to me by, I guess, your publicist or something like that.

Look, I get musicians asking to be on the show literally every day and heard yours and your album was like, I gotta have this guy on.

It still blows me away.

I remember that day very, very fondly and it was an introduction to this whole world.

I knew nothing about it.

Isn't it crazy?

And now you've put out a three or four records since then.

They've all been amazing.

And this new one is no exception.

And you're on tour?

Yeah, so I'm in Europe, all a bunch of April, and then I've got some gigs in Seattle and Portland at the beginning of May.

Also worthwhile to mention something I'm involved with called Side Door, which is like a community platform where hosts and artists are matched and they put on like little micro gigs.

And artists, meaning hosts like me, like I'm hosting the show.

Like if you have, if you can fit 20 people in your living room or your barn or your bookstore or your cafe or your art gallery or your website, that can be a venue.

When I first started playing music, I did a lot of house concerts.

And so we're sort of trying to mainstream and take that concept and build it into not just in houses, but just anywhere gigs can happen all over the place.

Interesting.

So yeah, artists sign up and we've already got about, we just launched, like a month ago, something I've been working on for about two years with my co-founder, Laura.

And basically we've got over a thousand artists.

We've got, I think about 400 vetted active hosts in North America.

Wow.

So it's building pretty quick.

We've done shows for Broken Social Scene and all kinds of great bands.

Incredible.

All Canadian or do you do stuff down here?

Yeah, absolutely.

It's in the States as well.

Wow.

Okay.

So could someone like Randy Useless over here maybe get something going?

Do a spoken word?

Yeah, I mean like that's a— Do you do spoken word poetry or just spoke, you speak words?

I mean, I like to serve other songs.

So I do non-poetic collections of words.

As soon as they form— Sentences.

Yeah, I guess you could call it sentences.

No rhyming, no poetry, but I'll do spoken prose or information.

So it sounds like you have a thousand and one artists now.

That's right.

You want to hook up Randy Useless.

So, and what is that called again?

It's SideDoor.

The website is sidooraccess.com.

Sidooraccess.

That's not a bad URL as well.

I bought it from— Appreciate that.

I'm trying to talk over here.

Very good.

Randy Useless, what are you plugging?

Well, I guess I'll plug in my friend's podcast called Screw It, We're Just Gonna Talk About Spider-Man, my friend.

I've heard about this podcast.

I hear about— I think you were on it once.

I hear about these podcasts every two or three months or so, but not from Will himself.

From different people.

I guess it's a wide fan base.

And these podcasts, it's called Screw It, We're Just Gonna Talk About Spider-Man, but it's expanding to talk about all comics because what we need is two middle-aged white brothers talking about comics from the 60s.

And yeah, we ran out of the Spider-Man ones.

When you say we, we mean the people who do the show.

The two people we're hosting, not me.

I'm speaking we as if I'm temporarily assuming the identity of this person I don't know.

Sure.

But yeah, it's a podcast about comic books.

Old comics from the 60s that have good stories.

Yeah, so that's what I plug.

Not like these modern comics with their political agendas.

All the takes.

All the takes and agendas.

Endless spin.

I like good nonsensical pap.

You're like a comics-gate person.

Is that right?

Yeah, comics-gate.

Yeah, just hey, it's about journalism, okay?

It's not about, it's not about doxxing people.

Sure, sure.

All right, Jimmy Bug, what are you plugging out here?

Well, first I want to plug my GoFundMe.

GoFundMe.com.

You have a GoFundMe for your illnesses or for just your website?

It's kind of a catch-all.

It's GoFundMe.com slash Junebug underscore help.

Junebug?

Yeah, it's me and my sister.

Oh, okay.

Me and Junebug.

What's going on with your sister?

Oh, we ain't got time for that, Scott.

Okay.

It's mental, it's physical, it's financial.

She's a mess.

It is not just diabetes.

No, let's just say it ain't just diabetes.

Dot com.

But yeah, so hit that up.

Anything you can give is good.

They'll love the perks.

Perks, really?

Free shipping on those perks?

You're going to eattheshipping.com?

I'll eat the shipping, yeah.

But yeah, so hit that up.

GoFundMe.com.

I forgot the URL already.

Plus Junebug.

Junebug underscore help.

But yeah, and then also, speaking of things we've heard and liked or things that our friends do, y'all should listen to this show called The Teacher's Lounge.

I've heard about this, yes.

Yeah, it's this fucking funny podcast, man.

It's fucking so funny, man.

It's what gets me through the goddamn day, man.

But it's on Stitcher Premium, hosted by four fucking funny dudes, man.

I don't know why you're getting so aggressive about these guys.

I actually don't either.

I feel weird about it already.

But yeah, you can check that out.

It's good, yeah.

Very good.

All right.

Well, speaking of podcasts, I want to plug Paul F. Tompkins, Lauren Lapkus, and I.

Our podcast, Threedom, is returning on August...

No, not August.

April 11th.

Got confused by that A there.

But April 11th, Threedom returns.

We got all your postcards and all of your messages.

And we are coming back for another round of episodes on April 11th.

That'll be Stitcher Premium as well.

That's the 411.

That is the 411.

All right.

That's pretty good if you were to put that in an En Vogue song or something.

That's the 411.

All right, let's close up the old plug bag.

♪ Close your eyes and open up that bag ♪ ♪ Close your eyes and open up that bag ♪ ♪ You gotta get those eyes closed ♪ ♪ Get them, get them, open them bag ♪ ♪ Get them, get them, get them ♪ ♪ Don't be closing, don't be closing ♪ ♪ Open them up and let's get loaded ♪ ♪ Let's get loaded ♪ ♪ Open up the bag, open up the bag ♪ ♪ Let's get loaded up the bag ♪ ♪ Open up the motherfucking bag ♪ ♪ Open up the motherfucking bag ♪ Whew!

Dan, as a musician, what do you give that one out of ten?

That song really reminds me of Nothing Compares to You by Shania the Fleet of Hender version.

Oh, by Prince, yeah, originally.

Wow, incredible.

Well, guys, I want to thank you all for being here.

Randy.

Hey, thanks.

Are we done?

Yeah, we're just about done.

We have another song to hear from Dan, but we're just about done.

And good luck with your main career as the...

As a session musician.

No, no.

Thank you so much.

Yeah, it's still going strong.

If anyone needs some work by you, where would they contact you?

Yeah, just go to the Edna office in Hartford, Connecticut.

I'm on the seventh floor.

Walk by the reception desk, take a right, take a left, and then a right.

And then I'm the third cubicle on the...

Wait, just past the bathroom?

Just past the bathroom.

Okay, got it.

And just say hey.

Just say hey.

Yeah, that's where you find me.

I'm on Prospect Street in Hartford, Connecticut.

All right.

And Jimmy Bug, good luck to you.

Thanks so much, Scott.

Appreciate you letting me be here.

I hope you stay with us.

Hey, fingers crossed, I will for a little while.

Okay, great.

Dan, again, thank you so much for being here.

Always a pleasure to have you.

And you have another song here in the mix?

Yeah, I figured I'd end on our opposites thing and do the...

This is Cold in the Summer.

Cold in the Summer.

All right.

What is this about?

This is about a day that you walked outside and were like, a little chilly.

Let me go write a song.

I stopped touring for a number of years and kind of was a little bit less...

I had a couple kids and I felt my social life dwindle.

And this is a song kind of about feeling old and out of touch with stuff.

And about you having sex and having kids.

That's what it's mostly all about.

All right, this is Dan Mangan.

Here we go.

Cold.

Hot or cold?

Hot or not?

Hot in the summer.

Hot, cool.

Cool in the summer.

You said it.

I'm losing touch.

The opposite of every kid.

Out on the run, I can't stand it.

I don't wanna become kind of guy to catch a cold in the summer.

Daily shaver, coupon saver.

Collect the paper, wander the neighborhood.

This is real life.

What was all that racket before?

Careful what you sorta kinda ask for.

You said it.

I'm losing touch.

The opposite of every kid.

Out on the run, I can't stand it.

I don't wanna become kind of guy to catch a cold in the summer.

In the summer.

I ain't gonna catch a cold in the summer.

If it's not one thing, it's another.

But I ain't gonna catch a cold in the summertime.

Sweet called the saccharin.

Top up the margarine.

Universal ADD.

Helicopter parenting.

I don't know where the gig is.

I don't know if it's cool.

But I still get lost in it.

I got more to lose.

You said it.

I'm losing touch.

The opposite of every kid.

Out on the run, I can't stand it.

I don't wanna become kind of guy to catch a cold in the summer.

In the summer.

I ain't gonna catch a cold in the summer.

If it's not one thing, it's another.

I ain't gonna catch a cold in the summertime.

Oh, these quarter life blues.

I might make it through these quarter life blues.

Beautiful.

Dan Mangan.

Pick up the album more or less.

We'll see you next time.

Thanks.

Bye.
