---
layout: page
title: 595. Demi Adejuyigbe, Carl Tart, Alyssa Limperis [https：⧸⧸cloudfront.wolfpub.io⧸CBB-595-20190306-Adejuyigbe-RCv01-PW.mp3].mp3.wav
category: cbb 
---

♫ Comedy Bang Bang ♫ Don't slide into my DMs unless you're playing baseball with my Dungeon Master.

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

Ah, thank you, Dr. Seussicide.

Ooh, Seussicide is painless.

For that wonderful catchphrase submission and, uh, I was just talking about MASH not 20 minutes ago.

Um, Mobile Armory, Army Surgical Hospital, as I believe.

Welcome to the show, Comedy Bang Bang.

You must know what the show is all about if you've never heard it, just from what I just said.

A bunch of nonsense for 60 seconds straight.

Comedy Bang Bang is a show where I have several guests on and today is no exception.

We have amazing guests coming up a little later.

We have a mother? Wow. That's someone who was given birth.

That's incredible.

We also have an investigator coming up a little later.

And coming up just after I finish the introduction, we have a wonderful comedian.

My name is Scott Aukerman. I'm your host.

I'll be the person guiding you through all of these interviews.

Um, you know what a host is. You've seen talk shows. You've listened to podcasts, I'm sure.

If this is your first podcast, welcome to the wonderful world of podcasting.

Uh, go check out Serial. You'll enjoy that a lot more, I'm sure.

You're opening this podcast with a plug for another podcast?

Plug for Serial, yes.

Okay. Very different show.

Thank you, yes. Uh, what else is good out there? We got, uh, uh, didn't Julia Roberts?

They did two seasons of Serial.

Yeah, yeah. The second not as acclaimed.

I didn't listen.

Yeah. S-Town, Shit-Town.

Is that what the S stands for?

I think so. By all accounts, people were calling me up.

I would get calls and they'd be like, have you heard the S stands for shit?

I'd be like, what are you talking about? They're like, S-Town, my dear boy.

Are you sure they weren't talking about Serial and that it's called Shitty Aerial?

Shitty Aerial.

This is the type of guest that, uh, really knows how to get on a roll with me.

And, uh, so I'm happy to introduce him. I'm Scott Aukerman.

I told you that.

Um, our first guest is actually a newcomer to the show. We've never had him on, but I've been a fan of his work for a while.

Uh, he is a comedian. He has his own podcast, Punch Up the Jam, another plug for another show.

Yeah.

Right off the bat. Um, and, uh, you can see him around town performing, uh, and in other towns performing, presuming he travels.

Yeah, if I ever leave.

Yeah, which who knows if you do.

You gotta get me out there.

He may be agoraphobic, so I, and we'll find that out in the interview, I'm certain.

Although he's here in the studio.

I wanna spoil, yeah, I'm here, so I'm not.

Maybe you have some sort of intricate system of tunnels, much like the television show Angel.

I'm wearing a blindfold, just so I still think I'm in my house and I had to have someone leave me here.

I was wondering, I, uh, you, to be honest, you looked a lot like Daredevil's mentor, Stick.

I don't know the reference.

Okay, well, we'll get you, uh, some comic books, uh, as you leave the studio here.

Uh, he's a wonderful comedian. Please welcome Demi. Did you eBay?

Hello.

I was, uh, when you said a mother, I thought you were talking about me and I was, I was.

You said shut your mouth.

Yeah, exactly.

Isaac Hayes jokes. They're always, they're always welcome here.

One bad mother. Shut your mouth.

Shut your mouth. I'm only talking about Shaft.

Well, I guess then I can dig it.

Certainly. Um, Demi, it's so good to see you. We met, um, we've met previously though.

Yes.

Yeah.

All right, good interview.

Cool. Break time.

Demi, tell us about yourself. Uh, listeners of this show.

Look, I'm not going to lie.

They're fans of comedy and the comedic arts and the arts in general.

Be them drama, be them comedy pathos. I would imagine the Greek tragedies.

People that look, people love to be entertained.

What do you think is, uh, the listeners favorite Greek poem?

Probably Euripides. If that's a poem, I would say it's such a hack pick though.

I know.

But sometimes it's like picking David Bowie's best albums.

Ziggy Stardust is a classic.

You know, it's hack, but I was going to go station to station.

Really? That's your favorite?

Nope. I just thought what's another Bowie album I know.

That's number two. So if you had to list Bowie albums, you know, by the way, this is a game we, we played with Todd glass on a stained glass episode.

Bowie albums, you know, anything about Bowie that he knew.

Okay. What do we got in terms of Bowie albums? You know, uh, station to station low.

Uh, hunky Dory. Self titled.

There's no question mark on that by the way.

Okay. Then I fucked that one up. Uh, Ziggy Stardust.

And the Spiders from Mars?

The Rise and Fall of Ziggy Stardust.

And the Spiders from Mars. Of course. Thank you.

Oh, Black Star.

Black Star. Yeah. His final, uh, final LP.

Was the one before that the next day?

I believe it may have been. Yeah.

Honestly, that's more than I thought I could name.

What about, uh, Let's Dance?

Oh, right. Was the album called Let's Dance?

Yes, sir.

I don't, I know the singles. I don't know the album.

Let's list these singles that you know.

Okay. All right.

Obviously the titular Let's Dance.

Yes. Uh, Space Oddity.

From the Let's Dance album?

Oh, am I blaming? Oh no, I, I'm just saying I named all of Bowie's singles.

Oh, you know all of them? Okay.

No, I can't.

List the ones on Let's Dance.

God dammit. I don't know all of them.

You, uh, you are a, uh, um, I'm not going to reduce you to a musical comedian, but you use music in your art a lot.

Yes. The same way Gallagher uses a watermelon, I use music.

Right. You smash boom boxes.

I sure do. No one comes to the shows, but I do it.

Um, no, you are a very talented musician, um, and songwriter.

Uh, I came to know you from, uh, that old website Twitter.

Of which I'm celebrating my, uh, Twitterversary.

Oh, congrats. How long has it been?

Thank you so much. Uh, I've been on for about three weeks and I tell you, it is, um, it's a wonderful website. Such amazing people.

Yeah.

Uh, I've learned a lot about, uh, um, uh, uh, vaccines and, uh, learned a lot about the alt right.

My favorite thing about Twitter is that if you tweet a joke, someone will fix it for you. That's great.

I love that.

Yeah.

And they'll also tell you why you're wrong to joke about that.

It's not something to joke about.

Yeah. I can't wait to get all the tweets about how, uh, I should have listed different Bowie songs.

Of course. I always love anytime we come out with a show, I, I, I wake up my wife. I get up quite a bit earlier than her, about five hours. But, uh, I tell you, I put out a show on a Monday or a Thursday and I, I fire up the computer and I log onto Twitter and I shake my wife awake.

I say, the corrections are here. This week's corrections are here.

Look what I said wrong this week. And boy, we just, we, we, uh, put on a pot of coffee and we, we just pour over them. And I go, ah, I said that wrong. Said that wrong. Oh God, that fact wrong.

Do you ever get disappointed when you wake up and there aren't any corrections? I know it's like, uh, uh, I, I would imagine it's like how a baseball player feels pitching a perfect game. Yeah. You know, I mean, it's like, wow.

Something's missing. Too easy. Yeah. That was boring.

You do it for the thrill of the, the correction. The accomplishment. Yeah, sure. Um, but you are a musician.

How many instruments do you play? Hmm. Uh, see if you can list these. Okay. Space Oddity.

Station to station. Station to station. Let's dance. I play the red shoes.

Um, I play guitar, drums.

It's like the thing is like I say I play these, but then I'm also just like, I don't like, I know how to play them. Anyone can play drums. Exactly.

That's the thing you could, anyone can say they'd play drums. Correct.

Cause anyone can beat on something. Right. You know what I mean? It's so simple.

Yeah. Uh, boom, cha, boom, cha, boom, cha. I play drums.

Neil Pert from the band rush. Of course. Thank you. Uh, I yeah, drums, piano, guitar, the big ones.

Those are the big ones. I play the euphonium in middle school, but I don't anymore. What is the euphonium again? It's like a small tuba.

A smaller tuba. Yeah. See that, you know, when I look at someone playing the tuba, I'm like, yeah, okay, we get it.

You like to play music, right? But a smaller showy. Yeah, it's rather it's, but a smaller tuba, that's something. Is it shaped like a tuba?

Well, yes. Although it's like, there are like, you know, there are different styles of tuba. There's the big one.

That's just kind of vertical. There's the one that if you're watching a comedy movie gets stuck on someone's head. Yes. Uh, yeah, it's that one.

Yeah. Except smaller. It's the one that gets stuck on a smaller per a child's head.

Oh, okay. Yeah. That'd be funny. It would be. You should make a video like that.

I'm afraid I would be, uh, yelled at for child abuse.

Okay. That's a good point. That's a good point. That's the big reason.

We don't want any kind of documentaries being made about you 30 years later.

I'm not that good of a musician. I can't have my legacy tarnished in any way.

So I'm really just writing. There are some musicians who are so good.

They can get away with a lot. They can get away with a lot.

You're a little while. Yeah.

I don't have any intentions of getting a doctor to kill me.

So, but you're, you're, you're the level of music musician where it's first strike.

You're out. Correct. If I, if I say a word wrong today, I will be canceled.

But speaking of that, I got to know you on the Twitter because you have several wonderful tweets that I, I name one of them.

Well, I just fire them up and I laugh and I laugh.

I laugh myself silly, but, um, I think maybe one of, some of the first ones that I saw were your, uh, your, uh, earth wind and fire videos.

We talked about this when we were hanging out recently. Yes.

Um, you on the 25th, 21st day of September, uh, there is a famous earth wind and fire song called September right there in the title. Um, and you three years ago made a funny video where you danced, uh, and, and, and sang or lip-sync lip-synced.

Yes, I, yeah, I was dancing and lip syncing to a custom version I had made where all of the lyrics were just about the 21st of September. Right.

Uh, and I made a shirt with a stencil.

So it said September 21st on the front and that's today on the back. Right.

And I just did a funny like minute long video or so.

Uh, celebrating the 21st day of September.

It was very funny and I saw that and I said, that is humorous to me.

And I put my phone down and I never laid eyes on it again for another week.

Um, because I was like so many details from that one view.

So, but then flash forward to smash cut to one year later, you put out another video on the very same day.

So the problem that I didn't really get to know was that I was, I was doing another video on the very same day.

So the problem that I didn't realize when I did that first one is that that day happens every year. So about 365 or 366 days later. Yeah.

Yeah. It's going to happen again. Yeah.

And so the day was coming up and people were like, Oh, the day is coming.

You're going to do it again. And I was like, Oh, I, you can't just do something once and leave it. I didn't. It's like a birthday.

You know, I celebrated one when I was four. Right.

And I've never celebrated it again.

That was how it worked for everything. You're also a Jehovah's witness. Well, yeah. Again, by choice. Uh, I say again, I've never mentioned that.

And by the way, please correct me if that's not the right religion. I pulled it, but I can't remember. I'm not going to correct you. I'll say that for the tweets.

Yeah, exactly. That's why I'm talking to the listeners. Oh, okay.

So you, September 21st came out again and you said, what if I put out a worst video? Correct. No, I'll do a bigger and better one.

Oh no, I was trying to do a worse one. I failed.

You failed and made it even better and even funnier.

Yes. Well funnier is debatable, but bigger, bigger.

Sometimes, uh, sometimes a scope can substitute for humor. Correct. Yeah.

That's what I always say. Right. So, uh, you put out another one and it was very funny.

Yeah. Um, do you, a lot of, uh, like people should just watch these.

Is there a place they're collected or they're on my YouTube channel?

I usually just throw the videos on Twitter, but then also put them on YouTube just as like a, Oh, here's where they all are because it's hard to find them on Twitter. Right.

But yeah, they're on YouTube. Yeah. And then I cut to the next year.

It happened again. Happened again. And people were like, are you going to do another one?

And this time I was tracking response to it a little bit and people were like, Oh boy, can't wait. In fact, they were just assuming you were going to do another one.

They're like, can't wait for this year. After, I feel like after you do two, it's like, this is the thing you do every year now. Yeah.

I feel like I have had a similar experience with that with a Halloween episode that we put out occasionally. Yeah. It's it's a, your version of tree house before and September 21st is mine.

You're in Brooklyn nine, nine when they do the Halloween episodes, a lot of a Halloween themes, like recurring things that have to happen.

It's a good day. Yeah. It's a good day, but yours is September 21st.

So people were just assuming you were going to do another one.

You were trying to play it down going like, guys, not this year.

So around like the beginning of August, people started just tweeting countdowns at me. Just like, Oh, only 51 days to go. And I'm like, Oh, no, exactly. And then it was like, they would be like, Oh, so it's happening soon. And at a certain point, I just started, I tweeted like, please stop tweeting countdowns at me because it was like a lot of people.

51 days. This was approximately August 2nd or so. Yeah. Oh, that's my birthday.

Hey, congratulations. I don't celebrate it. Oh, that's right. Yes. But, uh, yeah.

So people started tweeting countdowns at me and then I was just kind of like, I had not planned anything, but I was like, okay, well, maybe I'll figure out something. But I was also just kind of like, I want this thing to be a thing to be an albatross around your neck that you have to do. Exactly. So I was just kind of like, I can't like just keep getting bigger and bigger. So I wasn't going to do it.

And then at the beginning of September, some friends came to visit me and we were talking and we came up with the idea of me having a tearaway suit, which I always think is very fun.

I love tearaway suits. I had one, uh, in my high school production of the musical Chicago, uh, and have loved them ever since. Just the, the, the, the seamstress having to, uh, uh, tape, uh, the sides of pants together.

That's the most fun part. The most fun. Who'd you play in Chicago? Uh, a gentleman by the name of Billy Flynn. I don't know Chicago.

I don't know. I asked for specifics. Name some Chicago singles. If you could, uh, wait, 25 or nine to four. Is that one of them?

25 or nine to five. God damn it. Uh, Saturday in the park.

Of course. Think it was the 4th of July.

What if you made some videos about this? The 4th of July?

I think it was the 4th of July. So you could, that way you could be like, this year we didn't think it was the 4th of July.

So I don't have to do another one. I do it on the 3rd of July. Sure. Yeah.

I think it was the 4th of July. I was like, it's the third idiot.

It's actually the 3rd of July. There you go. There you go.

I'm giving you free ideas. Thank you. Um, so this year you had a tearaway suit and what, and what?

So we had the idea for a tearaway suit and I years ago had ordered a suit that was too big for me. So I was like, Oh great, I'll just make this suit a tearaway suit. Sure.

Much more involved than I thought. I bought a sewing machine.

You weren't going to do it yourself. Oh, I, the thing about this is like, there's a certain joy in me doing it all myself to see how crazy I can get.

But then it's like, like I made a tearaway suit and it was really fun and like I had two different versions of it cause I fucked up the first one and just like did not tear away.

Wait. So the, the, the, the suit that was too big for you, you fucked it up and had to throw away. So you had to buy a new suit? Yes.

But then I just went to Goodwill and found a suit that was like more better fitting and like, okay. Did it again.

Just like cut open seams and like put Velcro on it with the sewing machine.

Did you look up how to do it or were you guessing? I mean it was, it was half of both. It was me going like, all right, I think if I just tear at these parts then I pull forward and it will come off.

But it was also me having to like look up a video of a guy who made his own tearaway suit and being like, okay, so that's how I should do it. Yes.

I'm also remembering I had one on the bang bang TV show and in our Kobe Smolder's episode I had a wonderful one that had wires on it that people like pulled off. I wanted to do wires on it, but it's like fishing line. Yeah.

But that's again, I was like, well that's involving other people.

And I feel guilty involving other people for this stupid thing.

And yet other people were involved in this video. Yes. So that's the thing.

Uh, multiple other people. But so at one point I was like, okay, I want to, uh, try and have like a curtain reveal and have it be like, Oh, it looks like it's me playing piano. Someone turns around, it's not me.

And then I come up with the suit, a curtain drops, I pull off my tearaway suit to reveal the September shirt.

Right.

And then the curtain drops behind me to reveal a choir of children singing my custom version of September, September 21st song.

Uh, and for all of that, I was like, okay, well how am I going to do this curtain drop?

And so I started to build a rig out of PVC pipes to like pull some strings so I could have the curtain go up and then down.

But I realized that was difficult and just asked some friends to hold it and drop it instead.

So people were holding the curtain the entire, okay. But I still built the rig and it's just like a giant PVC thing that was in my kitchen.

And that was done. And where did you get the children?

Uh, Craigslist. No, I, uh, I genuinely, when I realized I was like, Oh, it'd be fun to have a choir thing for this.

I just started reaching out to a bunch of different choirs and the first one to respond was the West L.A. Children's Choir.

And it was just kind of like, when you say first to respond, how quick, like within 15 minutes of me sending out the email. We're in. Yeah. A woman was like, this sounds fun.

Let's have a call and discuss it. And she was so game and like, she was like, Oh, this is going to be so fun.

The kids are going to love it. And like, did they love it too? It's such a fun video and they're so cool in it.

They are so great in it. There's a part at the end where you can hear them just chanting like ice cream, ice cream.

Because I was like, I'll bring them ice cream. And the choir director was like, yeah, we'll eat the ice cream afterwards.

And so they're all just like, we're done. Let's do this.

Ice cream. And it was just, they're so sweet and so fun.

They were so game. And then I made a bunch of September 21st shirts for them to wear also.

So how much cashola did you lay out for this particular video?

I don't have a tally. You weren't keeping the receipts. You got to send these to your business manager, Timmy.

I got to get a business manager. Right. You got to get some business. Yeah.

I have to find a way to make money off of this thing. Look, how are we going to make money off of this?

Do you need a Patreon? Do you need like a link people can click to say like, pay for this suit?

Well, last year I sold shirts, but all of the money for that went to charity.

Yeah. You got to get out of the charity thing. I don't know.

I feel like it's good karma for all the, you know, I'm trying to build up my cash as a person that can, you know, avoid getting canceled when I say some bad shit later.

Right. OK, so you got one one shit right now. I'm I'm I'm planning to say some pretty heinous shit in about three years after the September videos really take off.

Do you I would say that we're approximately about one hundred and eighty days out.

You got anything planned? That's the no. But I know for sure I want to like finish the video early this year so I can just be I don't want to.

So you can coast. Yeah. Yeah. I think I want to just be like, OK, I'm going to drop it at nine twenty one on September twenty first and just to have to be like, great.

Now you don't want to expect it. Leave me alone. Right. But I also don't know what to do.

All right. Well, let's see if we can spitball some ideas.

Did you bring some some music in that you were going to play?

I know you brought in some tracks. Yeah. Just I mean, I figured if we ever mentioned some of the songs I do, either on Punch Up the Jam or for my own.

Tell us about Punch Up the Jam. What exactly is it? Punch Up the Jam is a musical podcast that I do with my best friend and fellow musical comedian, Miel Bredo.

And basically we just talk about a popular song with a guest. And then at the end of it, the idea is like, all right, I'll do it. Please, please do it.

This is what this is about. OK, it's a sting operation. I'm just I'm only here to get you to do my podcast. Then you will have to promote my podcast.

But basically we talk about a popular song with a guest and like talk about the lyrics and the music.

And at the end, we just have a way that we've punched it up or like fixed it. But it's really just like we've made a parody of the song.

OK, great. So what? So you're taking songs of the day when you say popular songs or just throughout the throughout history?

Well, yes. In a way, from the caveman banging bones on a rock. Correct. To Steely Dan.

Nothing after. No, we have to stop after Steely Dan. Right.

Yeah. So you have you brought some examples?

Yeah, I brought one that we did for the national anthem.

Wonderful song. Right. Very popular hit. I believe it's been on the charts for what? Four hundred years now. Sir Francis Scott Key's best song, in my opinion.

Name name his other single. Yes. Well, you got I love butts.

Sure. I don't love butts. Two very contradictory songs.

Yeah. I mean, one was a remix of the other. Exactly. I love butts. Part two. I love putts. Part two. I love putts.

Part two misspelled butts. Great. And we have no more money to fix the title. It was I mean, it was expensive back then.

You had to etch it into a wall.

So you have the Star Spangled Banner. Yes. And what did what did you do? What was the process on this one?

Basically, we looked at the lyrics and we're like, this is actually an insane song. And I think the worst part about it is that it doesn't it's not good.

It doesn't slap at all. So I turned it into a song that people could actually play at a party and get excited and be like, oh, well, let's get out on the dance floor.

Exactly. OK, great. Get proud for America. All right. Let's hear a little bit of this. This is Demi Adiduibay's new version of the Star Spangled Banner.

To honor America, please rise for our national anthem.

Waving since late last night when we were shooting off fireworks, shooting the Brits and they were running off.

Fuck Britain, fuck a hireling and fuck the slaves. Except the ones that we use because they were fucking great. The casualties are working the tragic.

But I just kill a bunch of motherfuckers. Hands up for the Stars and the Stripes, man.

Back to the way we were. We got to kill more.

You know, we'll do it again just to watch it. Blow in the wind. Six white stripes, seven red. That's my shit.

You can celebrate the flag or you can suck my dick. It's the land of the free and the home of the brave. Except for all those slaves.

OK, now where the Brits go? The ones who said war was really bad. Were they really right?

You stupid dummies got doo doo brains. What the fuck is with your flag, man? That shit's insane. You probably lost because your flag sucks.

We won because the good Lord shining light down on us. Big ups to God. We love the support and we're going to pay you back.

But only when we say that it's fair.

So get that flag in the air. Don't even take it down. You can let it stay because it reminds me of killing yesterday.

I wish the Britain had to see it flying overhead and where the Brits at anyway.

That's what happens when you fuck with the American side.

Way that motherfucking flag. That's American pride. Flag shit.

Yes. Yeah. That's a lie. That's very patriotic.

I want I want that to be popping up at some barbecues. Yeah, I would love to see that at an NFL game.

Same. Try try taking a knee to that. That's exactly what I had. You got it.

No, you got to dance. I can't even sleep because you got to dance. This solves all of our problems.

I've been pitching it to Roger Goodell. He hasn't responded.

Roger Bestel.

Yeah. You also did you bring any of these? You also do funny closing credits.

I did bring. Yeah. This started a few years ago for the Oscars, which I unironically love, even though they're constantly terrible.

But I did a thing where I jokingly said I was nominated for a few Oscars and one of them was because, oh, I wrote a the music for Captain America, the Winter Soldier.

I had like a piano piece that was just like about the Winter Soldier.

And then I started decided to do that like every year and became a thing where it's like, oh, I'll do like Will Smith's credit song for like Get Out or Black Panther.

And then this year I had one for Green Book with Morrissey.

That was also very fun. Right.

So did you bring one which. Yeah, I brought I mean, I brought three. I'm not gonna play them all.

Do you want to hear Get Out, Black Panther or Green Book? I'm making you pick. Well, OK, let's let's take some calls.

Let's see what the listeners want. Yeah. OK. We have someone on the line. Yeah. Hello. Hello. Hi.

I'm on the radio. Yeah. You're like, yes. Well, it's a podcast. Oh, no, that's OK.

Have you ever heard of S-Town? It stands for Shit Real Shit Real Shit Real.

Oh, Shit Real. Yeah. Serial. Yeah. But we shit. Yeah. Now, do you want to hear a song?

Yeah. I want to hear that. Get out. You want to hear the get out? OK. Thank you. What was your name, sir? My name?

Yes. Your name?

Cleveland. Columbus. Cleveland, Columbus. Wow. So a couple of real Americana names there.

Just want to clarify. So he knows he was calling into a show to request get out, but he doesn't know what the show is.

Who is that talking? OK. Let me come down there. Please don't come down, sir. I'm sorry, Mr. Columbus. OK.

Yeah. Columbus. Where do you live, by the way? Tinseltown.

Los Angeles, really? That's right.

And what do you do? I work for Botany 5000. Botany 5000?

What is that? Isn't that a store in a mall?

We used to make clothes for game shows back in the 70s. Oh, what do you do now? Now? I still work for them. I don't get paid that much.

OK. Yeah, I can imagine if they're out of business. That was Botany 500. Oh, so this is the new modern person.

We got a new attitude. Yeah. Like that song. A thousand times better. Yeah. The Patti LaBelle song? Like the Patti LaBelle song.

Right. Well, you're a fascinating person. Please don't come to. Although you're welcome to come by anytime.

We have an open door policy here if you ever want to come by. I'd love to. All right. Very nice to meet you. You too.

Oh, so apparently Mr. Columbus wants to hear the Get Out song. Now, this is get this is over the closing credits of Get Out.

Yes. Will Smith had written a theme song for Get Out. Yes.

OK, let's hear it. This is Demi at Did You eBay?

So my girlfriend took me to meet her mom and dad, but deep in my stomach was this feeling I had.

I mean, yeah, their fancy crib was tight, but something just wasn't right. Oh, and did I mention they're white?

Oh, they were polite, but it still made me squirm when her dad told me he wanted Obama for a third term.

And then I had a nightmare. It was whack. I dreamt that I was sunken and my body got jacked.

The next day, as I was walking about, I took a picture of the strange talking brother. He started yelling.

I looked at him like, chill, man, you're bugging. They took him to a room and he came out like it was nothing.

It was so freaky that I wanted to leave. I said, girl, we got to get. But she was hiding the keys.

Then they sunk me. Man, that wasn't a dream. I ain't sticking around the next time somebody screams.

A mind is a terrible thing to waste. And white folks are wanting mine replaced.

So pay attention with my brothers, which is saying.

La La Land was robbed for Best Pictures. No, it wasn't. Get out. Try to help them flash a light in their eyes.

Keep a phone charger on you at all times. Look alive, man.

You can't let them sneak up and stay away from white ladies teacups.

You got to get out. I busted out of the house heading for town. And we don't need no water. I burned that mother down.

Last minute, somebody saved the day. It was my good friend Rod from the TSA.

Back home, I tried to decompress when I got a sudden visit from DJ Jazzy Jeff. I told him what had happened.

He said, man, that's downright evil. But I hope you know, Prince, that's not all white people.

He made me nervous when he said most are good. And then I would have stopped three white families if I could.

Well, now I'm thinking Jeff's a white man in the sky. So I reached from my phone and put the flash in his eyes.

He said, Prince, stop wigging, man. It's me. None of that even happened. You fell asleep watching TV.

Oh, man, it was a dream. That's fun. Good. I could dream I'm parable for the commodification of blackness in this country.

That made me feel straight crazy. No more dozing off to HBO.

Why'd I think I was dating somebody white? I've been married to Jada for almost half of my life.

I will say, though, that dream was the bomb. They probably give it like four Oscar noms.

Jeff is crazy, but I think even he'd say it definitely went original screenplay. I'm just guessing.

Ah, so good. Yeah. A little DJ Jazzy Jeff cameo.

Yeah. What is the song where he does wake up for? Is it Nightmare on? On my street.

Yes. Hello. A little nod to that. Great stuff. Thank you.

And how often do you do these? I whenever the mood strikes.

Yeah. I try to only do them around the Oscars just so it's a thing that it's like I don't have to do them all the time.

But every so often I'll just seem to not like a lot of what you do.

I don't like anything I've ever done. You don't like the responsibility of creating stuff that people enjoy.

Well, it's fun, but it also just feels like there are times where it's like I feel pressure to do a thing because it's just like, oh, such in my wheelhouse. Like when they announced Will Smith was going to do Aladdin, which I was very excited about and still am like, well, I'm going to see that movie.

But I also genuinely was like, I think it would be fun to do the rap for Aladdin.

So I did that. But he may actually do one. Which is why I'm doubly excited because I'm like, well, mine be better than his.

I remember Tim Heidegger did that with Bob Dylan's Titanic song. Oh, my God.

Because the the album was announced that he had like a nine minute song about the Titanic or something on his new album.

But no one had heard it. So Tim rushed to get his 10 minute version of the Titanic song into stores before Bob Dylan.

But it's great. It's really funny stuff. And people can follow you. What is your is it just your name?

On YouTube, it's just my name on Twitter. It's Electro Lemon.

Electro Lemon. What is that? I like a Don Lemon homage. Big fan. Love CNN.

No, it's a name. I think it's fake news. We disagree, but we can still be friends.

OK, I don't think so. We're more divided than ever.

I in sixth grade was like I had some friends who were all having like screen names that had food in them.

And I was like, I want to be part of this gang. So I came up with Electro Lemon.

Then they changed their names to something else. And I want to be like, well, I wasn't copying you.

This is just my thing. So I stuck with it and I've just continued with it since.

It's pretty good, though. Thank you. Remember when your screen name had to be something creative and now it's just everyone's name.

Yeah, but it's like it makes it hard for people to just, you know, find me when they hear.

Well, exactly. I I loved this Electro Lemon guy. Yeah.

And then I heard about this demigod. I'm like, I don't give a shit about him.

Right. I like Electro Lemon. Yeah, exactly. So follow Electro Lemon and Demi Adidjuyebay out there on YouTube.

All right. We need to take a break when we come back. This is incredible. We have an investigator, someone in law enforcement, and we also have a mother.

So some good, good guests on this show. Absolutely. You can stick around, right, Demi? Yeah. All right.

Great. Let's go to a break. We'll be right back with more comedy bang bang after this.

Comedy bang bang. We're back here. Demi Adidjuyebay is here with us. Comedian at large. At large? Yes.

I mean, you are out there on the street. You're also on the lam. Yes. You have not been captured, as far as I know.

Nope. It would be great to have like a Tommy Lee Jones style person following you everywhere you went when you did comedy.

Would that sort of put some fire in your stuff? Yeah, exactly. No, I just mean Tommy Lee Jones.

No, that would be great. I don't think it put some fire. I think Al Gore's roommate. Yes. Yeah.

Yeah. Crazy. Crazy how boring that would be. It would be a very dry room to do anything in.

We need to get to our next guest. She is in law enforcement and is an investigator as well of sorts.

She's been on the show before. Please welcome back to the show Chief. Greetings, Gumshoe. Hello, Chief.

From the Isle of Twenty Nineteen. That's right. It's been a long time. It has been far too long. Where have you been?

I've been all over the world searching for that floundering flufflebutt, Carmen Sandiego.

I have to say, have you we haven't spoken to you in over a year, I would think. Over one year.

But in the dimension I was in, it's been 50 and I've aged backwards. You traveled to another dimension to try to another dimension?

Where in the space and time continuum is Carmen Sandiego?

What other dimension did you travel to?

I traveled to many dimensions. One dimension was called Fornia.

Fornia? Like California without the Cali?

OK. Yeah, I was thinking it was like Californication.

Almost. Are you a Red Hot Chili Peppers fan?

Ask me if I have something that I'd like to give away and I'll tell you. Do you have something you'd like to give away?

Yes, I'm a Red Hot Chili Peppers fan. Oh my God. I don't understand the reference.

You're not a fan. Are you a David? I'm more of a David Duchovny fan. Oh, you are. Yes. When it comes to Californication.

Big fan of Red Shoe Diaries. What about the Rapture? The Rapture that happened in one of the dimensions.

Oh, it did? Really? Yes. Were you taken? I was taken. You were taken? Fully naked.

Yeah, of course, because you leave your clothes. A lot of people, you know, in the Rapture fanfiction, I guess is what it is.

But there's a series of books out there. But they think that when the Rapture happens, anyone who's taken, you're going to like go to a truck they were driving, right?

Open up the cab of the truck and there's going to be just a pile of clothes and a wedding ring sitting there and like shoes.

Yes. Because like it would be weird for a person to disappear with all their clothes as in that's what they're going to have to wear in heaven.

Absolutely. So when the Rapture happens, we're just going to see piles of clothes everywhere. Piles of clothes and wedding rings.

Everyone gets a divorce in the Rapture. And watches. Yeah, exactly. Do you think that if you leave your wedding ring behind, that's a divorce?

That's it. That's how it works. Anytime someone takes off their wedding ring to use the computer or whatever they do.

So how did if you were taken up in the Rapture in this other dimension while you were searching for Carmen Sandiego, how did you then get back to our dimension?

Did you have to leave heaven? What? I did. I had to file an exit report. Oh, is that a hard choice? Hard choice.

Because it was very nice up there. The towels are very soft.

Oh, I can bet. I mean, like if you look at those angels, those wings, they look soft enough.

But think about the towels. The towels. Have you ever stayed at a five star hotel? I look, you know, I've only gotten up to a two at this point.

Oh, disgusting. Sorry. I smell broken here. I but so you filed an extra report and you were led out of heaven.

I was let out. It was a long fall. They really they kick you out. You have to travel down and you fall.

You are one of those time you are one of those suits where you jump off a cliff and glide with like webbed under the arms.

That kind of sounds fun. It was very scary. I don't like attractions. You don't like attractions? No.

So you don't find them attractive? No, I don't find attractions attractive. So you've been searching for a little back story for people who don't know who you are.

If you've ever watched the television show Where in the World is Carmen Sandiego? You are the investigator. You are a beautiful woman who wears a what is your style of dress, would you say? A crimson and mustard coat.

It is a chief coat. The chief coat. Yes. I am the chief of Acme Industries, which we are a private investigating firm devoted to one client.

One client. Find and she's not even a client because you're trying to find her. I'm trying to find her that whistling wizard, Carmen Sandiego.

Well, yeah. Who is who hired you for this one client? I hired myself. Oh, because you are obsessed with Carmen Sandiego.

Yes. Some might, if you listen to previous episodes, think bordering on obsessive in regards to her sexuality.

Some would say that I just like the way her crimson jacket sits on her shoulders. Broad, creamy.

That's yeah, I would say that. Not a mole in sight. So what are you going to do if you don't like moles? You like jackets covering them?

Yes. If you have moles, always wear a jacket. So what are you going to do if you catch Carmen?

Nobody's ever asked me that. I think I asked you the first time you were on the show. Like I said, nobody's ever asked me.

If I were to find Carmen Sandiego, I would tie her up. I would take her into my dungeon.

What? You've never mentioned the dungeon. The ACME Industries dungeon at the bottom of the firm. OK, so your business is built atop a dungeon.

Yes. But the dungeon come first or did the business come first? Well, when we were looking for a plot of land, we needed a when the basement was a plot of land.

This wasn't an existent building. No, it's a lot of work for one client business. We built it.

That is how important it is to get her. We must use all of our resources to find Carmen Sandiego.

You're independently wealthy, it seems, because I don't know how you exist without I don't know where you get your money and you you have no income.

You just have outcome. My father. Oh, father. Wow. We're getting your origin story. Oh, my gosh.

So your great grandfather, my great grandfather owned a series of newspapers.

Wait, is this a Hearst family? Yes. You're related to Patty Hearst. I am. She's my great niece.

Wow. Incredible. So you're part of the Hearst empire that they they made the wonderful movie Citizen Kane about.

Is that what that was about? I think so. I haven't seen it.

You haven't seen it. You've been too busy. I've been too busy.

Searching for Carmen Sandiego. When Citizen Kane was in theaters, I was busy on the island of La Croix, drinking sparkling water, trying to be refreshed to find one Carmen Sandiego.

So you've been looking for her for over 70 years. Many, many years, many, many dimensions.

So you have aged backwards. Is that is that how you've been around for so long?

Because I look at you and you seem to be a woman of approximately 40 years of age.

You don't do that. I look I I'm merely trying to paint a picture for the listener. Yes.

The listener needs to know what I look like. And you should smile more. We can all agree on that.

I understand. I have a scowl. I am approximately six foot two. 128 pounds.

That's rail thin for sixty. Well, she's in one dimension, Scott.

That's true. I mean, that is true. You're you are. I mean, two dimensions, I would say. Sorry. Yes. Yeah.

One would just be, I guess, be a dot. But you you are you're you're flat. You're like Flat Stanley.

Some people like it's got in the dimension of Fournier.

They referred to me as a brick shit house.

How did you like that? Brick house.

I loved it. It was it was the ultimate compliment.

I bet. So you've never been able to find her. She's alluded your grasp all the time.

Every time I've even come close to catching her, I always have lotion on my hands and she slips right out.

Why lotion your hands to that degree? I have very dry skin.

Scott. OK. Would you like to point out another one of my flaws? No, at least you don't have any moles that I can see.

I'm covered under the crimson mustard.

So what do you have planned? I mean, it's twenty nineteen.

You're coming from the Isle of twenty nineteen. What do you have planned for this year?

How do you how do you are you still going to go on the hunt?

I'm still going to be looking, but I'm going to rest for a while. You're resting. Yes.

I'll be here right here near the airwolf studios. Really?

Where where abouts? I'm staying in an Airbnb in Los Feliz.

OK. And you're just going to chill and just chill, maybe hit a couple of coffee shops.

OK. So you take breaks from the hunt? I do.

I feel like you were you just you seemed so gung ho about this woman that you were chasing her into dimension.

Gung ho is the proper term to use. I am very gung ho.

I am very gung ho. But right now I need to take a vacation.

So I recently found out I have an illness. Oh, no. Yes.

No, not chief. You're one of our most popular guests. I have tendonitis of the knee.

Oh, it's not really an illness as much as you've got. I mean, I guess anything in the body breaking down.

You mentioned an illness. I thought you were going to the thing that makes you age backwards is what I assumed you were going to bring up.

No, that's a gift. Are you aging backwards to the extent where illnesses like that can be cured?

Like is your tendonitis clearing up the further back you get? I think it gets worse. Oh, really?

Yes. But I think I've plateaued at this current age. OK.

That was your tendonitis is as bad as it's going to get.

Yes. OK. Or you're as young as you're going to get.

I am as young as I'm going to get. OK. Got it. Aren't we all. So you have tendonitis. You need to put your feet up.

I need to put my feet up. Rest on the beautiful Isle of Los Feliz in a beautiful air BNB.

And if you happen to see Carmen Sandiego, I'll grab her up, take a rope, tie it around her waist, tie the other end to my private propeller plane and drag her down the runway, never taking off.

You're going to why? That's a terrible thing to do to a human being right at the Santa Monica Municipal Airport.

OK. So you're basically going to hog tie her and drag her at approximately thirty five to forty five miles an hour from the back of a plane.

A very small plane. I can barely fit in it at my height.

This feels like a punishment you came up with when you started the hunt and times have gotten past that being acceptable.

I can't afford a jet. Well, that's not the problem we have with it.

It's a choice of aircraft. It's a problem I have. What you can't afford a jet. You have you have hearst money, hearst money and started a business.

First of all, everyone needs to stay out of my pockets.

That's number one. I'm not trying to say we deserve it.

No, although I know it's fine. Secondly, I have a special budget for aircrafts.

I tried to procure a Concorde when they went out of business. It didn't work.

Why? It seems like you offer money and people accept it.

The island of England wouldn't give it to me.

This is one island that you are correct that it is an island. British Airways. I have a bone to pick. Really?

What is the bone? I actually they wouldn't give me the Concorde after they stopped using them.

What do they do with them? Do they just junk them or they junk them? They go straight into an aircraft graveyard.

So I need you all to help me draft a letter to British Airways.

What do you need our help with this? I'm not very good at writing. Oh, really?

You are the creatives. I'm good at finding that cummeling.

You're not good at writing.

You're really not good at writing. Oh, my gosh.

Oh, my gosh. Look, Chief, we need to take a break if that's OK. That's fine with me.

I can't help you write a song to British Airways later. Oh, my gosh. That would be amazing. Great.

Yeah. You were set up to write songs here today. Oh, no. Oh, much later after the show.

Yeah. Sorry. All right. Look, we need to take a break when we come back. We have a mother on the show.

Chief, you have a mother. I do have a mother. We've never heard anything about her.

I refuse to talk about her. OK, great. Well, we'll see if that still holds after the break.

We'll be right back with more comedy. Is it too late to call in? I'm calling in for this.

I'm calling in right now for the song. You're calling. What is your name, ma'am? Oh, hi. I'm Tarla.

Tarla? Yeah, it's a family name. I was trying to vote for one of the songs.

Yeah, we already played the song. You've been listening.

Shit. No, my stupid my stupid boyfriend.

I got to go. What's wrong with your boyfriend? Well, he was distracting me. I tried to call and then he distract.

How did he distract you? Oh, well, he just took out a book and said, read it.

He said he told you to read a book? He told me to read the book and I got all caught up in the book.

What book was it? Oh, it's it was the Bible. Oh, OK.

So here I am, three chapters in the Bible and now three chapters. That's not a lot.

Well, believe me, that font is small. You're three chapters into Genesis.

Well, they don't spoil anything. Don't spoil anything for me, Mr. King James. Yeah.

OK, look, I'm sorry you're too late. We've already played it, but we need to take a break when we come back.

We will be right back with more comedy bang bang after this comedy bang bang.

We're back here. Demia, did you eBay is here and he is we had a call.

Oh, we didn't even ask her which song that she wanted to.

She wanted you to play.

That's too that's too bad. And she just talked about the Bible. She talked about the Bible. Do you have any songs about the Bible?

Hmm. Not really. It's a good it's a good value in a book.

There's a lot of like tinier books in it. I have a song about Green Book, which is in a way a Bible.

So let's hear a little bit of it. I don't know that we can play the entire thing, but let's let's play about half of the Green Book song that you have here.

And what is the premise of this one? The premise of this is what if Morrissey wrote the end credits song for Green Book?

All right. Let's hear a little bit of this.

I've lived a normal life for 30 something years and hated on the blacks until today.

I saw two black construction workers paint them water glasses so I threw the glasses both away.

But then the Negro man paid me for a job to drive them through the south and to protect them.

And that's how all my prejudices change. Thanks to the great perspective was key.

I simply had made some people more racist than me. The Green Book of the Green Book.

The boy. Ah, very good, very good.

Thank you. Two points. First of all, not considering Morrissey's the statements he makes, not that far off.

No, I would think he would actually be saying, yeah, in songs these days. And then I notice is more racist.

Sounds like Morrissey. Wow. Interesting.

I didn't notice that. Interesting, isn't it? Morris Morrissey Morris Morrissey Morrissey.

Morrissey. Are you going to the Morrissey concert? Hell yeah, I am. Hell yes.

Meet you there. We also have Chief is here. Greetings.

Well, you've already greeted us. I'm sure I'm I'm not I know that you tried to enlist me to help you be a junior gumshoe, but I have no interest in it.

I if I were to see Carmen Sandiego, I would probably let her go about her merry way.

Scott, how dare you? If you see Carmen Sandiego, you need to inflict the worst type of pain anyone could ever inflict on a stranger.

What would that be? I'm going to hand you this. It's a brand.

I'm also going to hand you this hot plate. If you see Carmen Sandiego, you stop her in her tracks and you plug in the hot plate somewhere.

You have to find maybe go to a telephone pole. There's always at the bottom of a light pole.

There's always a a plug where you can plug in there. I did not know that.

Yes. That's city planning. I guess a life on the road trying to find a fugitive will teach you lessons.

You find these types of things. God, I share a hot plate everywhere I go.

You know, she really a fugitive like, did she commit a crime or is this just an obsession with a well-dressed woman?

She has stolen some of the most important artifacts across the world.

Like what? Like the gateway to the West. The golden arches of a St. Louis McDonald's.

She stole the entire arch of the St. Louis McDonald's?

Yes. She took them right out of the city of St. Louis, just as the Rams left to come back to Los Angeles.

Now it's just a C. Donald's.

Now it's just a C. Donald's. Yes.

Wow. Well, we need to get to our next guest. She is a mother. Please welcome a mother.

Hi. How are you doing? How's everyone doing? Hello, Scott.

Thank you for having me.

I'm doing great. So nice to meet you. You're a mother.

Yes. Yeah, I'm a mother. Thank you. Yes.

So nice to meet you. This is Demi. Demi, it's a pleasure.

Hi. How are you?

Great. Nice to meet you. It's great to meet you too.

This is Chief or The Chief or Chief? Chief. Just Chief.

Chief. It's wow. What a great honor to meet you. Greetings, mother.

Thank you. Thank you. What do you think of the Kansas City Chiefs?

The Kansas City Chiefs? Infringing on your trademark at all or?

I was rooting for them in the AFC Championship.

OK. All right. We don't have time to talk sports.

Yeah, I don't know. Don't get me sad on sports. I don't know. I don't know a goddamn thing about sports.

You don't know anything about sports? No, I'm not a sports person.

Really? Is that your favorite sport? No, I couldn't even tell you. That's how much I can't stand it.

You couldn't even pick a sport? I couldn't even pick a sport if I tried Mr. Demi.

You think baseball would be more popular if they had to bounce it up and down like basketball?

Now, see, now you're talking. See, now that's something I'd watch. I like that.

Yeah, I like it. Because baseball, you know, baseball, they're sitting on the bench the whole time.

You know, it's a boring sport. It's a boring sport.

But if they weren't able to hold the ball and they had to bounce it.

I think that'd be. Then there's something there. That'd be really nice, Scott. I think that'd be very nice.

It sounds like the sport you would like is basketball then.

No, believe me. No, the noise, the squeaking. No, I got I got too much to do to worry about basketball.

Welcome to the show, mother. Thank you so much. I love this.

So this is a little podcast.

This is a podcast. Have you ever been on a podcast or listen to one?

No, I don't really do much of the podcast thing, but you know, me and my well, me, my friends kind of do a little bit of a podcast.

You do a podcast? Well, so I'm plugging a lot of podcasts on today's show.

So if you have one. Well, this one's kind of well, what happens is I just call my friend and I talk to her for about 45 minutes.

Hmm. And then that's well, I mean, that is transmitting sound. So so it's in a similar case.

Yeah. That patent troll out there who tried to say that they were inventing podcasts, they might throw you into that lawsuit.

But yeah, I could use a little bit of money. So the lawsuit would go a long way for me.

Usually, if you're on the receiving end of a lawsuit, you don't get the money. They're trying to get money.

See, and that's the problem with you know, you're a woman in this world and now all of a sudden I get a lawsuit and I got to give money.

Would you believe that? Whose mother are you? Do you? My daughter's in town. She's in Los Angeles.

I'm coming from the East Coast. Oh, you are. OK. Where are you from exactly? I'm from Rhode Island.

You ever heard of the island of road? That's right. You ever been? I have.

I believe I have been once. You call me next time you there.

Sure. Yeah. You give me a call. I'll show you around. Oh, how nice. What a wonderful offer. Thank you so much.

Yeah. So you're in town, though, visiting. So I just got in.

I'm visiting. Yeah. I had to take the plane. I tell you that much.

You use the planes, the airports? I. Yeah, I've used them on many occasions.

Oh my God. You don't like it? You love planes? I do. What a riot. What a racket.

I mean, I go in there. They start they start they start patting me down.

Well, it's me all the way down. Yeah. Security purposes.

Well, sure.

These days, they don't want you to bring any items on the plane that could possibly make it crash.

Well, yeah, that was the whole to do. You know, they said they were patting me down. I said, why me?

And then, you know, they said, well, and they looked through my stuff and they say, you can't you can't bring all this.

What did you bring? Well, I had some I had bottles of olive oil.

I was bringing those. Why? Oh, because the olive oil from Rhode Island is just so good.

I wanted to bring it overseas for your daughter. Yeah. And they said I said they can't have water.

I didn't know that, you know. Yeah. Liquids of any sort.

See, and that's well, so now we're getting into that.

You haven't taken a plane in a long time. No, I haven't. I am a driver. I like being in control.

OK. Yeah. Why didn't you drive all the way out here? Oh, well, that's too much for me to go all that way.

No way. I couldn't do it. I could do a three day trip.

Maybe. No, that's too much for maybe four or five.

Forget it. Sure. No, I'm not doing that. No way. Right. So that's why I decided to get on the plane.

And, you know, it was undesirable. I got on the plane. I sit down.

The guy next to me, he doesn't want to talk to me. Oh, really?

Wait, who? You struck up a conversation or? Believe me, Scott. I tried to.

I tried to talk to you. You seem like the type of person who likes to talk to anyone that you come across.

That's that's right. That's, you know, and a very friendly, gregarious person. Yeah. And I just like talking to people.

So I try talking to this guy. He's got headphones and I'm telling him, take the headphones off. Right.

I'm trying to tell him, take that. I'm trying to just slightly push him back because I had a question for him.

What was the question? Do you remember? Yeah, I remember the question was, is this what is are we is it going?

Is it going? Is the plane go? And that was my main question is, are we going? OK.

So he wasn't that responsive. And I was the plane going.

Did you ever get an answer?

Yeah. Well, it ended up going and I once I really felt that once it was going, I'm screaming the whole the whole night.

Just scream. Well, no, just the whole up going up on. That was not for me.

What do you consider going up until you actually land? Yeah, there was a lot.

That's how I felt. There was one moment where they said we are now starting the descent. I said, thank thank God.

That's when you stop screaming. And that's why I stopped screaming because, you know, the baby's screaming.

It wasn't like I was the only one. That's the thing. Baby scream on planes. We're like, oh, we got to live with it.

Adults scream on planes and they're like, let's arrest this person. Yeah, exactly.

And that that did end up, you know, happen as I'm getting off there trying to put me in cuffs.

I said, we already did this on the other end. I've already been frisked. I already had got help.

You alluded capture. Well, were they wearing a lot of lotion on their hands or. Yeah, I did notice that they had a lot of lotion.

See, chief, this is the lotion on the hands is the the lotion on the hands.

No, this is not the silence of the lambs. We don't have to repeat the lotion on the hands.

He puts the lotion on the hands. Now. Wow, chief.

I'm so where you where you live in. You live in around the corner.

I live all over, but currently staying here in the island of Los Feliz.

Oh, an Airbnb. Oh, that's really nice. I love an Airbnb. I enjoy George musings about planes.

I have a plane myself. Is that right? Yes. Small one.

You can barely fit in at Santa Monica Municipal Airport.

Right.

Oh, take it out of that airport sometimes. What? Yeah. That's the very purpose of a plane.

I take it down the street to wash it. You have to drive that clean.

No, you you got to wash it there at the hangar. No, it costs too much.

I know you're driving a plane down the street.

Palms Boulevard to the nearest car wash. OK. Have you ever been to Rhode Island?

Me? Yeah, I've been to the island of road. Oh, my God. You have Providence.

Oh, my God. I ate three White Castle burgers.

Well, now White Castle burgers. What do you do when you're in Providence, Rhode Island?

You have White Castle burgers. Are there better burgers there? No, we don't.

Listen, next time you come, you come to you know what?

Actually, forget it. Yeah. I'm going to give this to you now.

This is for you. You keep this, OK? That's a lasagna. You throw that in there. You just put that on three twenty five and you know, forty five minutes max.

There's so much olive oil. Well, and believe me, you're not going to get olive oil like that around here. So drink that in.

Thank you. What a wonderful gift. You just carry spare lasagnas around. Yeah, always. Can I have one?

Listen, you know what? I I'm going to give you something a little bit different.

Yeah. What is this now? And there you go. And that's just it's it's in a Ziploc bag, but that is the olive oil.

Yeah, I had to take I had to do a little bit of a loose oil.

I had to kind of take it out of the bottles. You know, the whole situation anyway, still just as good.

You just you use that couple of tablespoons. You can just drink it even now.

I won't. I know. Yeah. Yeah. Drinking it. Do you drink olive oil?

You know, I I swear by it. Really? A lot of people rub it all over their skin. No, no.

You know what they got to be doing? Rubbing it in their skin. They got to be drinking that down. Scott, I would love to.

You're saying rub it by swallowing it. Yeah. Rub your insides with it. Rub it in your throat. Right. Yeah. Mm hmm.

Yeah. That sounds like a Red Hot Chili Peppers song. That's my favorite Red Hot Chili Peppers song. Rub it in your throat.

Yeah. Rub it in your throat. How is your daughter doing?

She's she's doing OK. She's OK.

You have any concerns about her? Listen, you know, I have concerns about you guys.

Now, my friend, you guys know my friend, Shala. Sure. I don't think I know a short chief.

Do you know, Shala? I do not know a shot. But if you need her found, I'm very booked up. So don't ask.

Listen, I don't believe I don't need her found. But I thank you for the for you.

You know, your concern. Listen, what's up with Shala? Well, her daughter.

She she sorry, you're whispering. She what? It's just between us.

OK. She moved. She moved. She moved. Her residence.

Yes, she moved to residence. Very sad. She had a really nice place and she moved out of it.

So that's the daughter I'd be concerned about if I were you.

OK. This story doesn't sound like she moved to.

Well, listen, she moved. Same time. Please raise your voice.

We can barely hear you.

So this is again, just staying right in between us. OK. OK.

This is a podcast.

Well, and it's going to stay between us on the podcast. OK.

It's just us listening and no one listening can say a thing.

But yeah, you know, she came up upon some hard times. She had to move into a new location.

So she got a worse apartment? Yeah, it's comparable, but it's comparable.

But when I look at it, I think it's a little bit worse. So, you know, it sounds like she found a better deal on a comparable apartment.

Yeah. In a different part of town. Yeah, it's a different it's a different part of town.

This is Charlotte's daughter. Yeah, this is Charlotte's daughter. OK. This I don't know that this constitutes as a story.

I mean, it's like it's interesting. Yeah. Well, thank you, Demi. Thank you.

But, you know, anyway, it's none of my business. I shouldn't even be talking about it. My daughter's doing very well.

She's good. I'm happy to see her. She I keep. What is she doing out here?

Oh, you know, she's just kind of putzing around. She's doing her thing. She wanted to probably get a little bit far from me.

What can I say? Well, it's yeah. California is about as far as you can get from from Rhode Island.

That's what I said. She said it's still be in the contiguous United States.

OK. That's right. Yeah. Yeah. That's what that's what I said. She did say I could be in Australia and it was a whole thing.

But she's doing she's doing fine. I am. I am visiting here.

I don't have a return ticket.

So. Oh, no, really. So open ended visit. That's right. Yeah.

Because you hate planes.

Well, yeah. Once I had that experience, I said, no, you're not getting my business again. I'll walk back if I have to.

Do you have enough olive oil, you think, for such a long visit? I'm glad you asked that. I've been making some calls.

And chief, this is where you might come in. I'm having some people bring it over the line, smuggling it in soon.

Smugglers blues. Smuggling it in. Yes. From where? I'm an officer of the law.

Not really. From what I've heard. You're a self-employed person who's.

I have to report this. You also admitted multiple times today that you plan on committing some crimes, some fairly heinous crimes.

Those are all legal under the statute of Acme Industries.

That's I don't think that's a real thing. Where are they smuggling from?

Oh, they're smuggling. They're coming all the way from Rhode Island. They're coming on.

You know, that's not smuggling. I think you can take olive oil across state lines. I mean, it's not like smoking the bandit taking Coors over to Texas or anything.

You know, this is like a fairly common item. Oh, yeah. That's what you think. You should have seen the way they looked at me, Scott.

You should have seen the way the TSA officers looked at me.

Well, yeah, you're trying to bring.

Yeah, I didn't check the bag. There were some issues there, but my God, the disrespect they showed me. I will be filing a claim, that's for sure.

With whom? With the airline? Yeah, with the airline. Once I kind of clear up all the legal stuff that happens.

Right. Yeah, I would I would think you're persona non grata at the airlines now. You might have to drive back, actually.

So I don't speak whatever that language is. Persona non grata.

Latin.

You said it pretty well. Oh, thank you. Yeah. Well, maybe you don't understand.

I don't certainly speak. Yeah, that's a lot of what. Yeah, that's like, you know, math I can do. I can say the numbers out loud. Doesn't mean I can.

Chief, are you making a report? You're on your you're you're scribbling furiously in a legal path.

I'm taking all of this down. Smuggling Coors across state lines.

That's the plot of smoking the bandit. Eastbound and down, loaded up and truckin'. We're going to do what they say can't be done.

Yeah. So you know it. So you got a long way to go and a short time to get there. Of course. Yes.

So you're just you're just a fan. I'm a huge fan of Burt Reynolds.

May he rest in paradise. Oh, my God. What a good looking man. What a good looking man.

In the alternate universe where you were taken up in the rapture was Burt Reynolds taken up? He was there.

He was there looking like a tall glass of milk of magnesia.

You're a Burt Reynolds fan, mother? Yeah. Burt Reynolds and milk of magnesia. I love both those things. Yeah.

That's right. And excellent pairing. An excellent pairing.

My God. Just sit down with a nice glass and watch Stroker Race.

Oh, my God. You know what I've been watching recently, actually? What's that? Instead of I haven't been watching a lot of movies lately.

They're too long. I've been you know, I've been watching I go on Facebook and you guys ever seen those little movies?

They're like a minute long and it's just a quote and there's just music playing over it.

Does it? Yeah, they're good. I mean, they're more like they're almost more like memes or or oh, I mean, like inspirational quotes with just music. Yeah.

Yeah. But they really they kind of loop for a minute.

So it really feels like you get the whole experience. I make those. You know. Yes. Oh, my God.

Would you like me to rattle off some quotes? Please do.

Yeah. As many as you can drink water for it's fortifying for your loins.

Well, it's beautiful. Imagine some Tchaikovsky playing under that. Oh, my God. I can't help but imagine that.

My goodness. What a wonderful, wonderful mental image. What are some of your other quotes? Can't fight the moon like no.

What is playing under that? The song. The song can't fight the moon.

You don't get credit for that one. That's just taking. That's like me putting give it away, give it away, give it away now.

And red hot chili peppers. I think this has been covered.

So this is what you like, mother. So that's kind of what I've been liking these days. Yeah. Considerably shorter than a movie.

Exactly. I can still do all my things, get my stuff done.

What is it? What are your things? Oh, my God.

Scott, you should see me just bopping around. I got I'm walking all day. I'm just moving around.

I'm going to the store. I'm mail in things. I'm always mailing things. Yeah. What do you have to mail?

I mean, seems like you have a network of friends that you.

Yeah, I have a network of friends.

I buy you those little tiny little angels that they come out at Christmas time. Yeah.

You know what I'm talking about? You love the precious moments. Yeah. I buy about a hundred of those any time I see them.

And then I just I'm firing those out. One of my friends I have and when it's you know, I'm saying I'm thinking of you and I send them a little chair up.

Wow. How many of these go directly into the trash and how many?

Scott, I'm actually giving you one right here. Oh, this is a little cherub. Oh, my gosh. Thank you.

And that one says get well soon. And that's just in case. I'm not really ill, but I mean this.

Yeah, this is maybe for the tendonitis over here. I'll just pass it on to chief here.

I'm going to rub these on my knees. Did you say I don't think you should. I don't know. That's not the cure offer.

Did you just say that you shoot them out to your friends?

So are these good out of some sort of gun like?

Like a t-shirt cannon? Yes. Well, I could shoot them at people. Oh, no, chief.

I'm not I'm not violent. These I just shoot them out. I shoot them out in the mail. Ah, oh, no.

You're giving chief ideas here. Like if you were to put these into some sort of cannon and fire them at Carmen San Diego, I think it would murder her.

That would surely catch her. Catch her in the sense of explode her head open. I don't want to murder her.

We none of us want you to murder her. Let's get one thing straight. I feel like you do. No, I want to capture her.

Take her two levels down from my dungeon, pass the basement to the dungeon.

Two levels down. That's two levels down from the basement.

When we when we built when we built the level in between the basement and the dungeon.

The level between the basement and the dungeon. A bunch of wires. Yeah, that makes sense.

You got a wire room. That's OK. Well, the modem room. Oh, yeah.

It's where all the electronics are kept. Yes. A whole floor for that. My goodness.

Yeah. And you want to take her down to the dungeon in what tie her up to my circular machine of torture. Circular machine of torture.

Wow. What does it have on there? Like instruments of torture.

There's there's wires from the from the yeah. Yes.

Tie her arms. Stretch her out as if she is Da Vinci's man.

Man. OK, sure. Yeah. And then what? And then instruments of torture go into her.

Well, they'd have to put on my torture uniform, which is a crimson and mustard leather type cat suit.

You look like the lead singer of Cameo. Larry Blackmore.

Never heard of it. Really.

Larry Blackman. Larry Blackman. That's all you've never heard of him.

Now, Chief, have you tried calling Common? Calling? You tried shooting her a common.

I thought. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, that dude from the Oscars speaking of the Oscars. Oh, guy. Watch one Oscars.

He's not even performing. I got to watch commercials with him in it. It's like enough.

Enough with some bothering me with all that. You know how commercials, commercials in the poetry.

Come on. I don't like commercials. It should be more like, come on. Not common. Yeah, I hear that.

Come on. Come on. Come on. Sandy is telling us how to grow beans with computers.

Is that the commercial? This is as well the windows surface.

You have a lot of time to experience other media.

Taking time off. OK. Yes. I'm glad you're taking the time off to rest.

When were you going to ask if I tried to call her? Yeah.

Did you try ever calling her up, texting her, send her an email?

Carmen Sandiego is a super sleuth. No, that's me. Carmen Sandiego is a super criminal.

She is forever changing her phone number. Oh, yeah. Did you ever have her phone number at some point?

I have my contact list that has 10000 contacts. Oh, my God.

There's all her old numbers. Yes.

So you keep finding them. And then once you get her on the line, she changes. She changes it immediately.

Wow. Oh, wow. Yeah, I feel that. Well, you know, I chief over here is ill.

He's laid up in the island of Los Feliz. It seems like he or she I'm sorry, I bet you're going to say needs a mother.

Are you needs a mothering type? You know, I would have serendipity that you're here.

It really feels like serendipity. Although I those basements you talked about, are they finished?

Do you have those are but they're not at the Airbnb. OK, those are not at the Airbnb.

Where is your office again? My office? Yeah. I'll say my office is if you're trying to buy time.

I am not at liberty to say, but if I were at liberty, I would tell you my office is sit right in the heart of Scranton, Missouri.

Scranton, Missouri. I did not know there was a Scranton, Missouri. You've heard of Scranton, Pennsylvania.

Of course. Well, this is Scranton, Missouri. And it's why I care so much about the golden arches, the gateway to the west.

Oh, yes. Of St. Louis. Was that the original crime? Was that like patient zero of all of Carmen Sandiego's crimes?

That was patient zero. That was sex with the monkey. Oh, OK.

Wow.

Sex with the monkey. Oh, my God. Does that ring up any bring up any feelings for you?

It does. It does. Yeah, I don't. I got sex with the monkey.

It's I don't.

It reminds me of the talk I had with my daughter about sex.

Oh, the first time or.

Yeah. And yeah. Tell us about the monkey. Yeah. The first time I did it a little bit later.

I did it rather recently. She's a grown woman. But I said we never did this. Let's catch up for old time's sake.

No time like the present. That's how I felt. And so we talked a little bit about sex.

And I learned a lot of things that I didn't know. So it was just her telling you about sex.

Yeah, I said, listen, let's have a sex talk. Give me is the only man that you've ever been with father.

That's right. Yes. The only man I've ever been with his father. And we just kind of, you know, we we just had to keep it.

Keep it high and tight. Let's keep it high. Let's keep it tight. Let's make the kids get in, get out.

Yeah. Speaking of get out. Yes. Speaking of get out. I loved your song, by the way.

Thank you. I'd love. Yeah, I really loved to. I didn't realize you were here for that. Yeah, I was.

I was here. That's when I was kind of cooking the lasagna.

Prequel. Get in. That would be nice.

All right, chief. I know you have tendonitis, but you were coughing so much.

Making me cough. Oh, my God. Tendonitis. Well, look, we are running out of time.

We just have one last feature here on the show and it is a little something called Plugs.

I want Plugs. I want Plugs. Tell us what you're up to. I want Plugs. I want Plugs. I want Plugs. Tell us what you're up to now.

Are you on a TV show? Are you in a movie? Are you eating pistachios?

I want Plugs. I want Plugs. I want Plugs. I want Plugs. All right.

That was Do You Eat Pistachios by High Class Ambulance.

Wonderful. Demi as a musician.

What do you think of that? I think it's great. And Mother as a non-musician. What do you think of it?

It was a little bit loud. Yeah. A little bit loud. It seems like the kind of thing that you would be complaining about if you were playing in your daughter's room.

Yeah, I've already filed a complaint with this gentleman over here who's been looking at me the whole time.

I don't know what the deal is with this window. I don't know why he's looking at me. You're very suspicious about people.

Yeah, but believe me, if you're not suspicious, you're being robbed. You're very defensive. Yes. And I think, yeah.

All right. Well, Demi, what do we have to plug here? Demi at DigiWeebay has a podcast Punch Up the Jam? Yeah. Weekly?

Yes. Yeah. Every week. Every seven days? Every seven days.

And that's the kind of pressure that you don't like from your fans.

And yet I instilled it myself. Yeah. Punch Up the Jam every Thursday. We have a Patreon where we do bonus episodes and release all of our songs, studio versions every Monday.

My Twitter, Electral Lemon, I write for the Late Late Show, watch that. I don't know. That's it.

Other stuff. You're going to see you around town performing sometimes? Yeah. Anything coming up or?

Oh, I'm trying to think of what after this comes out. Yes, I'm going to be doing John Daly's show. John Daly Kills It at the Satellite, March 19th.

Probably over by now, but that's all right. Yeah. Well, if you hear it and it's the day of or something, come on.

Hey, it might be. Who knows? Yeah, I don't know. All right.

Mother, what do you have to plug?

Yeah, my daughter does a podcast at UCB called Crazy in Bed.

Believe me, I don't like the title, but you can check that out if you want to get more.

It seems racy. Yeah, it's very racy. I don't tell anyone in the family about it. And she tells what's her name?

Cheryl or Sharla? Sharla. Sorry. Believe me.

She doesn't need any more on her plate after what she's been through with the daughter. Believe me.

That's enough. Yeah. And you can just you can just follow her on Twitter at Alyssa Limp. Alyssa.

And how do you spell the either of those words? Limp, just like limp L.I.M.P. like I'm sure tendinitis might feel.

Yeah, it's what? Yeah. What? It's ruining my insides.

OK, then that is a spreading spreading from the knee up to your lungs. You know how people get sick when they travel in airplanes?

Sure. I have been traveling through the mentions. OK, so it's yeah, you're a little under the weather under the weather.

Chief, do you want to plug anything here? Yes. While I was exploring the island of Los Feliz, I stopped at a place called Jay's Bar.

OK. I met a beautiful young man. Really? Yes.

How beautiful? Gorgeous. How young? A twelve out of ten.

Really? So he's twelve? Amazing. And Adonis. An Adonis. A chocolate Adonis.

Wow. He walked into the room. Everyone melted. And you just dropped everything.

Did you consider maybe moving on from your obsession with Chi or no, I'm sorry. That's you.

And now I'm you. Greetings. So what about this young man?

Who is this young man?

He said his name was Carl Dard. Oh, my goodness. He has a podcast called The Flagrant Ones that he hosts with two other hosts on this same network.

Oh, my goodness. Hayes Davenport and Sean Clemons of the Hollywood Handbook. Talk about sports or something?

Basketball matters. Matters of basketball. Matters of the heart. What do you think about bouncing the baseball?

I have no time to bounce the baseball. I have no time to hit the man in boxing.

You have all the time right now. You're not doing anything.

I am dying to be honest.

I'm a little shocked that you had the time to come and do a podcast. Yeah. Anything for Scott.

Oh, it's not as a member of the Hearst family in case you haven't known. I didn't. Scott is my cousin.

Yes, I grew up in Hearst Castle, actually. Yes. Why did you change your name?

You know, I mean, it's kind of like Nic Cage, you know, changing his name from Coppola. You love Nic Cage, really, mother?

Yeah. What do you like about Nic Cage? Everything. How he looks. That's right in where you live.

That's the sweet spot of where I live. Yeah. Con Air. Do you like that he does movies, though? Because you don't like movies.

Yeah, no, I'm not interested in the movies. Just kind of him as a person. OK. Yeah.

I want to plug. OK, so the first procreation vinyl record that we announced sold out immediately in the first few hours.

So we are going to be doing a second pressing of it. So don't worry. Those are coming on sale.

We'll give you more details. A lot of people hit me up saying, how do I get it? We're going to do a second pressing.

All of those proceeds go to the Harris Whittles Fund for the school in Houston.

All right. That's all I want to plug. Let's close up the old plug bag.

Close your eyes and open up that bag.

You gotta get those eyes closed.

Get up, get up, get up, get up, get up, get up.

Don't be closing, don't be closing.

Open up and let's get loaded.

Open up the bag. Open up the bag.

Ah, that is the closing of the plug bag theme. The Michael Hartigan and excuse me, I have what you have.

Eastman, Tim DeNiro. I'm turning into you. Eastman presser remix. Demi is a musician.

What do you think of that? I think that's good. It's good.

Yeah. Good is the enemy of great.

Oh, OK. All right. Guys, I want to thank you so much.

Mother, always good to see you. Oh, it's a pleasure. Even though we just met. I'm not sure why I'm saying that, but we just met.

But yes, I feel very connected to you and I to you. Yeah.

Yes. And thank you so much for the little angel.

Sorry to re gift it right in front of you, but I re gifted it to you.

It's all kind of a big it's all just a circle. They just come around. Can I ask you a question about those?

Because you were talking about financial troubles. Do you think that buying hundreds of those might have anything to do with that?

Yeah, it is directly correlated. Yeah, it is directly correlated. But I'm trusting that, you know, you spoke of comma before.

Yes. I'm just trusting that that'll kind of come back to me as well. Yeah. Well, it's you can't buy happiness, really, unless you buy possessions, which make you happy.

And then you can buy happiness. That's right. That's right.

Speaking of Demi, he has a thousand dollars.

Oh, take the money. Take the money and listen. Just take the money. A shitty angel figure in your giving out.

Looks like he asked you to get out of stack. Yep. It sounded like you needed it for your videos. Make a good video.

Is a stack a thousand? A stack is one thousand. Chief, thank you for being here.

You're about to die. I'm not sure you're ever going to be back on the show. I'll be back. Oh, Terminator. I will never die.

OK, yeah. I'll be like Smokey and the Bandits said, I'll be back.

Look, let's close up with another one of Demi's songs. What's the OK? What's the other one that you brought here?

Oh, OK. So when Drake got into that fight with Pusha T, he didn't release a response track.

He recorded one, but he never released it. Yes. Yes. He recorded one. And that's what we're about to play here.

All right. This is a song from Demi. Did you eBay? Thank you, everyone, for being here. Let's hear that track.

We'll see you next time. So now you're wasting my time. I got some pretty shit that I dug up on you.

I'm about to put this shit to bed, man. I'm no longer playing. If I don't know you pick a low road.

I'd have gone through the same in the past, but it's the present that's relevant. So now I'm getting mean like Jeffrey Tambor on Arrested Development.

Pretty funny how you gunning for niggas. I got a buddy who's a cop. He says you got parking tickets, huh?

I guess it's just really back by it. How about you pay that sixty five bucks from when your meter expired.

Park much, bitch? You worked a meter before? Where'd you get your dumb raps from, the idiot store?

Just kidding, man. I love the rapping that you do. Sike, your rapping is doo doo. I met another nigga who knew you.

He said you started TNF while y'all was watching Paddington 2, dude. You were crying at the last line. You called me soft. I ain't cry once. I watched that movie three whole times.

I got some more, but it might be too real. Do you remember when the cashier said, Enjoy your meal? But instead of thanks, you said you too.

I bet you tried to forget. You're lucky I'm here to remind you. What about the time you saw someone waving you way back, but they was just waving behind you.

Man, now that's embarrassing shit. I probably would have killed myself if I'd have done what you did. How my ass taste? My ass on your head now.

From now on, I'm calling you ass face. This beef is done.

It's curtains. Got forty in the studio like, Damn, Trissy, please don't hurt him.

More like Pusha D. Cause you're donezo. You look like Dumbo.

The weird new one, though, from Tim Burton.

Career is over for certain. Next time you be thinkin' categorically before y'all coming for person.

Rude boy!

Heroes!

you Thank you.
