♪ Comedy Bang Bang ♪ It was an itsy bitsy teeny weeny, no bikini involved.

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang! And thank you to the mayor of Turd Town for that catchphrase submission. And apologies to everyone else, but thank you to him. Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang for another week. And Scott Aukerman here, your host, of course. This is a show where I have several guests upon which the show they speak. Is that a sentence? Is that how you would describe the show? I thought you were going to say, upon which questions are foisted. Upon which questions are foisted, my dear boy.

Well, we have the mayor of Turd Town gracing us with his excellency.

The dearest mayor. Yes.

Yes, this is a show upon which guests appear and upon which questions are foisted. Coming up a little later, we have a legitimate witch. That is very exciting. And we also have other surprises along the way. But first among the surprises is what a surprise to have this gentleman return. He made his triumphant debut upon this show approximately 365, 366 days ago. He is the star of Amazon's The Tick, which is currently streaming. Please welcome back to the show, Griffin Newman.

Hello. Hello. Thank you so much for having me back here. I think it was like 375.

375 or so. Okay.

I'm not going to litigate. Yeah. All right. Now, upon The Tick, upon which questions are foisted.

Of course.

You do not play the titular or shall I say tickular.

You are correct on both counts, good sir.

Tick. You play the, what is your, Alfred the butler?

Arthur, Arthur the human, the mothman.

The human.

The human. The human.

Is Tick not a human?

Tick is a big question mark. Cause he's shaped like a question mark.

He is one giant question mark. He identifies as a superhero.

Okay.

He doesn't remember where he came from.

Really?

Who he was before he met Arthur.

So his first memory is the grasping of hands and shaking up and down saying, hello, nice to meet you.

Essentially.

Okay.

And he doesn't think it's an amnesia thing.

Okay.

He just genuinely never considered that he doesn't remember existing before he met this guy.

He never takes a suit off, which calls into question.

Is it?

Is it a suit?

Has anyone tugged on that bad boy as they say?

Well, on set, yes. You don't have to understand in the production of a television show, they're much, much tugging on those bad boys.

You got to tug on those bad boys.

Of course.

Yes. Especially in this streaming landscape. It's the wild west. You got to tug on some bad boys.

Oh, of course.

You know, with the ones, the zeros.

Oh God. All this data that is so precise and never shared with anyone.

You know who's making all the money?

Oh, who?

The data companies. AT&T. Hello, Mr. Alexander Graham Bell.

Cha-ching.

Yeah. Sometimes I don't understand. Are they paying money for the data?

Are we paying data for money? Do you know what I'm saying?

I don't know what you're saying.

I feel like that's the current currency.

I don't get it.

I don't either.

But yes, I play Arthur, who is a neurotic young man.

Why do you wear a Mothman suit? Is that what you want to know?

Why? Yeah, because it is foisted upon me.

That is truly kind of the narrative of the show that he brings me this suit.

He shows up at my apartment with a suitcase within it.

A suit.

See, I love it when a suit is in a suitcase.

I love it when gloves are in glove compartments.

Yes. And suits are in suitcases.

And I hate I hate when those objects lie to me.

I hate it.

A gun in a glove compartment. Oh, I hate that, too.

I hate when gloves lie.

This is what it sounds like.

You can tell.

So he meets you.

Yes.

I presume we're describing the pilot.

Correct.

He meets you, says, Hello Arthur. Nice.

So nice to meet you.

I'm Mr. Darth Maul.

He's an actor.

And this is what's interesting is while playing the character of the tick, he does not acknowledge that he, Peter Serafinowicz, the actor, has played other characters.

He never says, No.

You may remember me from Spy.

He never.

And I got to say, to his credit, because I mean, yeah, because it's very hard takes.

I would imagine with a resume as as illustrious and storied as Peter Serafinowicz, almost as long as his name, one would have to be tempted to brag constantly during the acting, which you are hired to do on camera in between takes the obvious time to brag.

Yes.

In between takes during takes, my dear boy.

Yeah, right in the middle.

But he is a professional. He doesn't do it.

And even if he had, I think they maybe would have chosen different takes.

They maybe would have edited around it.

Possibly.

Yeah.

But he he foists this suit and suitcase upon me and says, This is your destiny.

And so the show is about a guy who is a superhero as a given.

He knows nothing but being a superhero who grabs a small frail man.

Does he remember having a Mothman before you?

No.

He doesn't know why he has this suit.

No, no.

He steals the suit.

He steals the suit from the bad guys, from the bad guys.

From the bad guys.

So this is a this is a bad guy suit.

This was a suit that I don't want to reveal all the secrets.

I mean, this podcast is just about recapping the pilot from two and a half years ago.

Yeah, yeah.

The comedy by the way, has turned into a tick recap.

Yes.

But but yes, the the bad guys had developed a suit which happens to be perfectly fitted for my tiny frame, as he says.

And over the course of...

As he says and as we all.

Yes.

And over the course of the season, he we start to wonder why in fact this suit fits me so well.

Oh, interesting.

Little tease there.

And is this season two or is this season one and a half?

This is season two.

I love it.

The last time we were on the show was one and a half.

OK.

Yes.

It's a really taking your time.

It's a very clean release strategy.

And it's I love messaging it.

And how many EPs are we putting out there at a time these days?

Twenty two in total.

Twenty two total across the board of all seasons.

We did one episode three years ago.

Wait.

Hurry up and wait.

Am I right?

Hurry up and wait.

Showbiz!

Then we did nine.

You would think they would release all nine of those.

Nope, only four.

Four including the one?

Right.

They re-released the pilot.

So five.

It was a special edition re-release with new scenes added.

New scenes.

And what what let's recap these new scenes.

Yes.

Originally, originally in the pilots, you see me in my apartment watching Whoopi Goldberg on my laptop.

OK, doing what?

Like a spy cam?

Yes.

The show is about a pinhole cam in her dressing room with a young man stalking Whoopi Goldberg, who is thrown off trajectory by a call to arms from a superhero.

Whoopi Goldberg, within the reality of the show, hosts a show called Whoop.

And she is interviewing a superhero.

And it's sort of meant to establish that this is a world in which superheroes are like celebrities.

Were you able to ascertain or at least obtain her permission to use this footage?

Or is this special new footage that she has filmed for this show?

We hacked onto her computer and took it from her.

It turns out she hosts a show in her home where she interviews people cosplaying and ask them to maintain a character.

And and when we we, you know, illegally license the rights for that footage.

Now you said illegally, not we legally licensed.

I'll take that one.

OK, great.

No, What Whoopi Goldberg agreed to be on the show for one day.

For one day?

For one day.

And she has not agreed to be on for any other day since?

You know what?

She has agreed to be on for other days.

You've turned her down.

Me personally.

I said I will not.

What?

There it is.

There it is not.

Yes.

But yes, the major re-release difference was in the pilot originally.

I am watching that on a laptop.

Now in the the new pilot, what are you watching it on?

The TV screen in a bodega.

Oh, OK.

So you get the you get the call, hey, we're shooting some new scenes.

You pick up that call sheet, you take a look at where the hospitals are.

Right.

And it says, you know, where and number two, I would imagine.

Number two.

Yeah.

Number two.

Yeah.

Oh, yeah.

I mean, what on that the highest you've ever been?

Yes.

And let's talk about the highest you've ever been.

All right.

But yes, I think, you know, look, as long as you're in the single digits and that's where you want to be, then you exist.

Am I right?

Yeah.

You want to be making single digits and six figures.

You know, I think so.

You ever been up there at like one hundred and fifty six or something like that?

Most certainly.

Making one hundred and fifty six dollars usually.

Yeah, right.

It's also great when they add a little letter on to the end of it.

Oh, yes.

To make you feel less special if you're like one hundred and fifteen B.

Right.

Like they split your lines into two people.

I'm an option, I guess.

Right.

No promises.

Yes.

No, but that was an exciting day on the call sheet to look.

Number two still there.

Here's the hospitals.

And what's this scene I see?

Arthur debates which carton of milk to buy at the bodega catches would be on TV.

OK, now why do you think they made that change?

Let's go into story.

A deep story here.

And, you know, this the show also serves as a writer's symposium sometimes.

Yes.

Why do you think they would change it from you watching it on, I'm presuming in your apartment, on a laptop to a bodega television screen?

Do you think that's in order to give the illusion that you're out there amongst the people?

Is it to I think that was an illusion that they wanted to perpetuate because I, of course, as a human being, am not.

Of course not much like with Peter, but you're doing this by satellite.

A hundred percent.

And, you know, much like Peter, you know, they need to make it very clear that he is not playing the guy who has played all of those characters.

Right.

They want a message to the people that I do a walk amongst them.

You do walk amongst them.

Right.

Okay.

So is that the only reason for the change that you could ascertain?

I think they thought it was a little more dynamic.

Ah, okay.

Like visually.

Yes.

And also by setting it in the bodega, you are allowed to have other characters visually introduced would pay off later in the season.

I see.

So there, there are little Easter eggs of characters in that bodega that will pop up throughout the season.

Yes.

Once again, the season that premiered over a year ago.

Okay.

Yes.

Wow.

This is exciting.

Yeah.

So now Smash Cut 2, you have a whole bunch of new episodes out.

10 new ones all released at the same time.

Wow.

So not one, four, five.

Nope.

Now we have 10.

10.

A gentleman's 10.

Yeah.

And people can watch all of these simultaneously?

Yeah.

If you want to get 10 screens, you can.

You can watch them back to back.

Sort of like Flaming Lips, Zariqa.

Yes.

A hundred percent.

I mean, that is what we recommend.

That is how we intended the show to be.

Sure.

Just one on top of each other.

Yep.

Yeah.

Definitely.

Do you think there's, is there any sort of Easter egg out there for folks?

If they do watch them simultaneously, like everyone says one line at the same time in each episode?

Yes.

If you put them all on at the same time, it ends up turning into Wizard of Oz.

Interesting.

That's what it is.

Really?

And who do you play?

Who do I play?

The Tin Man.

Are you a little toad?

Oh, you're Tin Man.

Yeah.

Ah, very good.

Yes, please.

I worked my way up.

Tin Man.

What is it?

Tin Man.

He was probably, let's run him down.

Dorothy number one.

With a bullet.

Of course.

Number two, I'm probably going to guess Ray Bolger himself.

The Man of Straw.

Well, but here's- The Scarecrow.

I'm going to throw a wrench in the mix.

Okay.

I think Margaret Hamilton.

The Wicked Witch herself.

Number two?

Number two.

Of the West, even.

That would be my guess.

Was she a bigger star than Ray Bolger?

I kind of think she was.

She might've been.

What about Buddy Ebsen?

I think he was probably at the bottom.

He was probably, because he, of course, you know, withdrew himself from the Tin Man after the paint made him allergic.

Right.

And then who took his place after that?

Oh boy.

Okay.

Wait.

Bert Lehrer.

Ray Bolger.

Bert Lehrer, of course, is the cowardly line.

This is the only thing that Mark Mayron ever pulled on Doug Love's movies.

Oh, who played the Tin Man?

Jack Haley.

Jack Haley, of course.

The Comet himself.

Of course, of course.

So now you believe Margaret Hamilton to be, although she has sort of a featured role, but was she a bigger star than Ray Bolger at the time?

I don't know.

It seems to me as if I would go, were I making the tall sheet?

And I hope that someday I do get to do that.

Because Michael Jackson, as you recall, we don't like to talk about him a lot these days, but if you, if you recall, he was in a little movie called The Wiz.

Yes.

And he, I believe, was the second biggest star in that.

And he played the man of straw.

At the time?

At the time, certainly.

Well, there was a man named Richard Pryor in that film.

There was.

He played the Titchiller Wiz.

A bit of a comedy supernova.

He was.

Now it is a smaller role.

It is.

But sometimes, you know, there is this trickery where the call sheet is meant to be for a E.

Status.

Status purposes.

Well, people hijack.

Can I tell you a thing?

Yes.

And I will not say what show it is.

Oh, please.

I bet it's The Tick.

Yeah.

There is another show that I, we shared some crew with.

Okay.

On the show.

You're gonna start googling.

IMDb is being pulled up right now.

Check out our grip department.

Uh oh.

Yep.

There was another TV show that we shared some crew with.

An Amazon show or?

Nope.

Okay.

Nope.

Network.

All right.

The Goldbergs?

Well, no.

They, uh, the two leads.

Two leads.

One of them had been in bigger things in smaller parts.

One of them had had larger parts in smaller things.

And they both felt that they should be number one on the call sheet.

Really?

And so in fact, what they did was make two number ones.

Two number one!

Which defeats the purpose.

That sounds like my day yesterday.

Okay.

Well, then I need to get out of here.

So two number, just two number ones.

Not 1A, 1B, just two number ones.

And so how does one figure out what scene one is in?

They don't.

It makes the process- They don't.

They just show up all the time.

Very difficult.

Or don't show up.

What about 1A, 1B?

Although I guess one would say A and B.

Thank you.

1A, 1Z.

Right.

They could do one red, one blue.

Oh yes.

One fish, two fish.

Red fish, blue fish.

That's what they should have done.

That's interesting.

What show is this, by the way?

Of course, I'm talking about MSN- Lethal Weapon?

Lethal Weapon.

It might be Lethal Weapon.

Okay.

I gotta check this out.

You haven't guessed it yet, and I would appreciate it if you keep guessing throughout the rest of the episode.

Okay.

Well, yeah.

Any show that pops in my head.

Yes.

So, Griffin, it's always wonderful to have you on this show.

Oh, thank you.

Talking about The Tick.

We love talking about it.

I, of course- Love Talking Tick!

Love Talking Tick.

I don't know that I'll ever actually, you know, complete my task of watching an episode.

No, I would never expect you to.

But at some point- You should please ask of watching one episode.

The goal is for you to make it through one.

Which one, if someone could only watch one episode, would it be that pilot with that dynamite bodega scene?

I mean, I will say, I think the bodega really pops.

If I had to, off the top of the dome, I would go a production code 204.

204.

The fourth episode of this season.

Yes, season two.

It has just been released.

Yes.

The fourth episode.

Right.

Do you need to know anything before you watch this?

Do you need a previously on The Tick or anything?

Go ahead and provide that for us.

I would say the previously is there have been 12, 14 episodes at that point.

You should watch those.

13, probably, previous to that.

Right.

Yes.

No, you are correct.

Previously on The Tick.

Watch 13 episodes.

Yeah, it's just it's SpawnCon.

We SpawnCon our own show.

SpawnCon.

What is that now?

Sponsored Content?

Sponsored Content!

Sponsored Content.

And look, at the end of the day, what are we but cavemen?

Just pieces of content.

Yeah, we're cavemen sitting around the fire telling SpawnCon.

And we're the ones in the zeroes in the matrix out there.

Can I red pill you?

Yes, please.

We are.

It is crazy to think.

I mean, I don't want to blow your brain out to her.

It's crazy to think that right now- You have a gun to the back of my head right now, by the way.

I'm being forced to interview you.

Don't move.

I don't want to blow your brain out.

But it is crazy to think that what we're doing right now in this room is just making some ones and zeroes.

Why do they call it brains instead of brain?

It is a brain.

Yes.

But why do they say blow your brains out?

Is it because when you force a bullet through those brains and they spatter upon the floor, they're in pieces then?

That would be my guess because I've never seen someone get shot in the head and have their brain just pop out.

That would be kind of fun.

It would be great.

In a movie.

Oh, yes.

Like maybe it would have to be a broad comedy and airplane style thing, but just a gangster goes shoot someone in the back of the head and just his brain just falls right on the floor.

Hey, maybe that could be something in season three of the tape.

I could play the gangster.

Yes.

And then we'd get you to watch one episode.

I doubt it.

I don't watch my own work.

Yeah, we'll give you a read.

It's not something that I like to do, unfortunately.

I've been on I'm Sorry over the past season.

Sure.

Have not watched it yet.

Yeah, me neither.

To the consternation of the star, I believe.

Really?

Yes.

Now anything else going on or is all of your time just completely taken up by putting on this suit and acting in this show?

That takes up some time.

Certainly the putting on and taking off of the suit take up some time.

So we wrap season two in July.

Okay.

Let me think about this.

The seventh month of 2018.

Correct.

All right.

And I finally got the suit off in January of 2019.

Wow.

Yeah.

So that took up a good chunk of time.

And a good amount of jelly.

You know what I'm saying?

You know, they really got to lube you out of that thing.

But I also I host a podcast.

You do now.

Which podcast is this?

People like the sound of your voice.

Sometimes.

Yeah.

I'm saying should they?

Oh, they can hear it.

They can hear it weekly.

Yes.

Or is it a monthly or is it a sporadic?

It's a weekly.

It's called Blank Check with Griffin and David.

And I was harangued thoroughly for not plugging it the last time I was on this show.

Okay.

Now what?

I don't know anything about this show either.

Describe the pilot.

I would say it's a show where we talk to interesting people.

Hey, now.

It's always questions of on.

I'm having a little bit of a laugh.

You're having a bit of a laugh.

I enjoy that.

Right.

So the pilot episode of it was we pretended that Star Wars Episode One, The Phantom Menace.

Mr. Maul himself, his own movie was the one in which he was sliced in half.

Spoiler alert.

Yes.

Clifton Twain.

Yes.

Certainly.

We pretended that was the only Star Wars movie that had ever existed.

Oh.

And that it was a failed franchise.

Okay.

That was the pilot.

Now the show has nothing to do with that.

But you asked me to describe the pilot.

It is now about director's filmography.

So we pick people like M. Night Shyamalan or Christopher Nolan.

The Master of Suspense.

The new Spielberg.

The twist ender.

Yes.

We're doing Tim Burton right now.

Mr. Spooky himself.

So now do you go through episode by episode?

You take one of their films or?

One film at a time.

We do them all in order.

And it's about the arc of someone starts out, they get their massive success, and then they get the theoretical blank check.

Blank check.

That's what it's about.

To make the passion projects.

To do whatever you want.

Exactly.

And then at what point does that run out and they're forced to do Dumbo?

Yep.

That's the question.

And we're finally getting around to an answer.

Well, wonderful.

Where do people get this?

Wherever podcasts are?

Yeah, wherever podcasts are sold.

I love that.

Yeah.

How much are you selling your podcast for these days?

A buck.

That's cheap at twice the price.

I think so.

We have a little take a penny, leave a penny jar as well.

Blank check, of course, out there in The Tick.

You can watch 10 of those episodes or just the fourth one of this season if you want.

Or the 12 previous or just the pilot.

Who knows?

If you wanted the original version of the pilot with the laptop scene, you might have to torrent.

Yeah.

How would yeah, could I actually I would love to get the the the differences between those if you wouldn't mind emailing them?

Yeah.

You know, I probably could send you a physical DVD screener because one of the things I love I love about being on a streaming television show.

Receiving a hard copy in standard definition.

All right, Griffin, are you are you able to stay on the entire show with us here?

So it would be my pleasure.

We have some other guests we have to get to.

That's all right.

All right.

The first guest, other than yourself, that I want to introduce is a we've had him on the show before.

He is a round headed mascot of a major league baseball franchise.

Please welcome back to the show.

Hey, it's me, Mr. Met.

Mr. Met.

Hello, Mr. Metropolitan.

Hi everybody.

Oh, hello.

Wow.

Hey, I like that.

Mr. Met and Newman.

Yes.

Have you met?

We have not.

I'm very familiar with your work.

I've seen you perform many times.

I am also a born and raised New Yorker.

So you're a Mets fan.

This is great news.

I've been to a good amount of Mets games.

OK.

Mr. Met, are you all right?

Everything OK?

Yeah, I know.

Look, I know what this guy is doing.

I don't I.

Is this like that thing where you say you're from a college in Boston in the Boston area?

No, I don't know.

Area?

Are you from the Boston area?

You socks fan?

Sorry, can't help you.

No, this this guy is obviously is a Yankees fan.

No, I know.

You know what?

In fact, I would say you're wearing a baseball hat right now.

But let me let me take a look at who is on this logo.

I cannot see it.

You're covering it.

It is blank because this is my blank check.

It's blank check.

I'm writing a check to fill this hat with a logo later.

Can I put a little what is your logo?

The the M or is it a baseball?

What is it again?

It's the beautiful orange and why?

Yeah.

And why?

That's right.

Curly.

Can I draw it on your head?

Is that right?

Yes.

Last year.

You're going to do it with a dry erase marker.

Great.

I'll say this, though.

I'm not much of a sports fan.

Is that true?

Yes.

If I had to pick a New York team, I would pick the Mets.

Yeah, that's right.

You would.

But I would rather not watch a baseball game.

What would you rather do?

Truly?

Yeah.

You want an honest answer for me?

No, I want you to lie to my fucking baseball face.

Hey, hey.

I don't know how to spell this, by the way.

I'm sorry.

You don't know how to spell and why?

My honest answer is, yeah, I would be dragged to these games by my father and my brother.

He thought it was your your father.

Big Mets fan.

Pointedly a big Mets fan.

My brother, big Mets fan.

My grandfather, big Mets fan.

Where did you go wrong?

I was the broken boy who could not get into the round ball and they would take me to the game and they kept on thinking exposure therapy.

We eventually like it.

Maybe if he sees this ball roll down the first base line, he'll like the Mets.

It never worked for me.

And there was only one time a game that I would get excited.

And when it pop fly.

It was when Mr.

Matt would take the field.

This is what I want, get these players off the field.

All right.

I'm back on board with this.

Give me this guy dancing.

I'm a big fan.

I'm not a Mets fan.

I'm a Mr.

Now that's that's back in the days that I used to actually do more stuff.

Little routines.

Yeah, I used to do little routines now.

As everyone knows, what I do is.

I wave to people a little bit.

OK, little bit.

When you say a little bit, how much do you kind of walk?

I I kind of walk down the first baseline from the dugout.

I wave and I go back in my little my quarters.

So when you're saying a little bit, are you implying that the length of time in which you're waving is small or that the waves themselves are little?

Both.

OK, both.

And you say you go back in your quarters.

You have some sort of butlers pantry or.

No, I have my little room that they've given me.

Little room organization is given me a square footage.

One.

Really?

So you have to stand up straight.

How does your head fit in there?

Your head, the circumference of your head must be larger than one foot.

It just fits in there.

I just I must ask for clarification.

Sure.

One by one or just one.

That's the square footage.

Yeah.

OK, OK, OK.

I just want to make sure we weren't dealing with like a flat land situation.

You don't know sports.

You don't know math.

No.

What do you know?

I know Mr.

Mitt.

I know my mascot.

No sports, no math.

What do you know?

And how tall are the ceilings in here?

How tall are the ceilings in here where we are now?

No, no.

In your in your little quarters.

And here I would guess one by one.

Beautiful vaulted ceiling.

OK.

Vaulted really.

There's a skylight way up at the top.

Wow.

OK.

Yeah.

One by one skylight.

It's all the way it's all the way at the back of the stadium.

So the ceiling is it's the it's the height.

The height of the oh my God.

That must be.

So beautiful natural light.

So.

Except for night games of course.

Of course.

May I ask you?

Was there ever any explanation given as to why they diminished your role in the games?

Well, they didn't.

OK.

I did.

You did.

Here's what I noticed.

They started using the video screens more.

Right.

So then I became just like a branding sort of.

These kids and their screens.

Like when the kiss cam they show a picture of Mr.

Mitt with a bunch of kisses all over.

Right.

Wait.

That's not what the kiss cam usually is.

I think the kiss cam is usually like you show two people in the crowd and the crowd encourages them to kiss.

Yeah.

Let me let me let me explain.

It was a screen of people who want to kiss Mr. Mitt.

I always assume.

Let me explain production to you guys.

OK.

Of course, that's not the entirety of the kiss cam.

They're introducing the kiss cam.

They say now it's time for the kiss cam.

They show a little graphic of Mr.

Mitt covered with lipstick kisses.

Ooh, la, la.

Then they start showing the people and you encourage them to make out.

Yeah.

See, I was checked out by that point.

Once I had seen.

Like, oh, the point of my sentence where I started to explain.

No, no, no.

I so come back, Mr.

Mitt.

Because you're trying to.

Here's what.

OK.

Oh.

Here's what drives me fucking crazy.

I come on shows like this and then it's gotcha, gotcha, gotcha.

We're going to get you, Mr.

Mitt.

We we only want clarity.

I have.

This is not a cognitive journalist.

Here's.

OK, maybe listen more and talk less.

OK.

Hamilton.

I from Hamilton probably.

I just want to point out that I have recently stated that you are the only thing I like in all of sports.

Right.

And you are acting kind of hostile to me.

I'm because I tried because I tried to explain something and then all of a sudden I'm getting my Wallace over here.

You know what I mean?

But that means the host of the show.

So what?

I'm a guest.

OK, I guess it's the show.

This is getting very, very tense here.

I don't know.

Mr.

Mitt, have you come up on this show for a purpose?

Well, number one, the purpose is it's baseball season, so everybody should be excited.

You don't seem excited.

Well, I got derailed by your bullshit.

So number one, you just came on to say everyone get excited about baseball.

God damn, you're ruining it.

Yes, number one, everybody get excited about baseball.

It feels like we can't go right with this guy.

I know I got off on the wrong goddamn foot.

Well, why don't you get on the right foot?

Yeah.

You're a professional entertainer.

You're goddamn right I am.

You're one of my biggest inspirations as a child.

I would look up to you.

Yes.

Be dragged to these baseball games.

It's that there's no place for me in this world.

I'd see you come out.

You'd laugh and you'd cheer and you'd wave and I'd go, that's who I want to be someday.

Thank you, Gavin.

With your giant spherical head.

Huh?

Griffin.

Why'd you say that?

You said Gavin.

Yeah.

His name is.

Thank you, Gavin.

His name is Griffin.

What?

Yeah.

Can you believe it?

That's a last name.

One could argue I have two last names.

Sure.

Yeah.

Griffin Newman.

Is it better than having two first names?

Hey, I agree with that.

Adam Scott.

Jake Paul.

Smith Jones.

Logan Paul.

And Jake Paul.

Yeah.

Logan Paul has a last name as a first name and a first name as a last name.

Oh, you're right.

He's more of a topsy turvy.

Yeah.

Oh, I love that movie by the way.

Topsy turvy.

You like topsy turvy, Mr. Matt?

Never seen it.

I don't like movies.

You don't like movies?

Not unless they're about baseball.

So you do like what?

Field of Dreams?

Love it.

The Natural.

Bull Durham.

Love it.

For Love of the Game.

Love it.

Rookie of the Year.

Love it.

Angels in the Outfield.

Ed.

Million Dollar Arm.

Yes.

You were trying to tee up angels in the out in field.

Is that what you were trying to do?

Is that, was that the sequel to Angels in the Outfield?

Where did you get that?

There was one.

Oh, but it was, it was a football sequence.

Insects in the Infield.

I missed that one.

Is that the direct to DVD animated sequel?

Sure.

So you do like quite a few films.

Yeah.

If they got baseball in them.

League of Their Own?

Moneyball.

Or does that not count?

How dare you?

Of course that counts.

We had to keep baseball going while the men were away.

What about softball movies?

Ugh.

Trying to think of an example.

How Do You Know?

Yes.

The first 10 minutes are about Reese Witherspoon being dropped from a softball team.

You don't say.

And it's almost never referenced again.

James L. Brooks claims that he did.

Is that the inciting incident of How Do You Know?

Yes.

It leaves her untethered.

Is she ever massaging her arm throughout the movie?

Yeah, you see her icing.

Yeah.

You see her icing.

Interesting.

Are they hating?

Yes.

Yes, they are.

No, James L. Brooks said he spent six years following around female softball players in research for that movie.

What a waste of time.

Sure, that's why he was following them.

James L.

Do You Like How Do You Know?

James L. Washington.

No, I don't.

Well, how do you know that?

Have you seen it?

No, I heard about softball being in it.

Yeah.

That's how I know.

Mr. Met, Mr. Met.

Yes.

Why are you here?

I want to say...

Okay, start at the beginning here.

Here's what I do with games.

And listen, Gavin, you might not be up to date on this.

Gavin Griffin, you might not be up to date on this because you haven't been to a ball game in a while.

Correct.

Because you're too busy doing what?

He's an actor.

He's on the tick.

He was getting the suit off for quite a few months.

Job.

You gotta have a job and be a baseball fan.

That's true.

Although those games start pretty early.

Yeah, long hours, nightshades and things.

The games start pretty early.

Don't they?

Sometimes they have like...

The only way to see them is to go to the stadium.

Isn't that what you prefer?

Of course that's what I prefer, but I'm not a monster despite what I look like.

Yeah, I'm starting to question that statement.

Okay, do you want to know why I'm here or not?

Yes.

Griffin, I feel like we just need to let him...

Okay, okay, okay.

I'm sorry.

Breathe.

Unimpeded.

Okay.

Is what I was going to say.

Why are you here?

Okay, so here's what I do at ball games.

All right?

I go out, I wave a little bit, seventh inning stretch, I come out with a t-shirt gun.

I shoot t-shirts over the foul ball netting so that they are caught by the people in the most expensive seats.

Then I go back to my quarters.

That's what I do.

Okay?

And I am beloved.

People do love you.

Now, I interact with the fans before the game, right?

You'll see me walking around.

In the stands or...

In the stands.

Well, you know, where the most expensive seats are.

Sure.

You don't remember this.

I have shaken your hand.

Look, kid, I'm sorry.

I shake a lot of hands.

I wasn't saying in that kind of way.

I'm just saying, you know, I'm one of the people who was taught by your word.

It sounded like a condemnation.

Okay.

You will remember this, but you, I shook your hand.

No, I'm sure.

I said I believe my inflection was closer to, you know, you won't remember this, but I shook your hand.

Let's not get into an impression off of Griffin.

I mean, you know, I...

Well, especially because I've already won.

Okay.

Well, fair enough.

I want to say this and I want to say it very clearly so that everyone understands.

I never intended anything bad.

This is a time where you got to listen to people.

If they're going to say something, you got to pay attention.

But I always had good intentions.

Anything that I did.

Well, now it feels like there's a thing we're not talking about.

Well, we're not talking about it here, but other people are talking about it.

Is this, can I ask, is this some sort of me too?

Oh, here we go.

Did you put the, are you Mr.

Are you saying I did a me too?

Are you Mr. Met's ooh?

Who are you, Jack K?

Mr. Met ooh!

I may be Jack K.

You might be.

If you say Mr. Met ooh, you may be Jack K.

When I go out in the stands, I shake hands with people.

I high five.

I, you know, I'm not, I'm forbidden to speak to the fans.

This is your natural speaking voice.

This is my, this is what I sound like.

When doves cry.

All the time.

Not just under special sad bird circumstances.

Sure.

Or happy.

We don't know why the doves are crying.

They might be.

Tears of joy.

Yeah.

Maybe they saw it.

Look at this lovely wedding.

Touching commercial.

Are you saying that there are now Biden-esque accusations?

I don't know what that means.

Uh, Joe Biden was the vice president of the United States for approximately eight years.

Uh, 2008 through 2017, I believe.

Sounds about right.

Good for him.

2009 through 2017.

Good for him.

But recently people have been litigating photos of him, touching people, hugging people, head on hand, hand on head.

Nose on part of hair.

Yes.

Head on hand and hand on head?

He has range.

But are you saying that you in a- Well, I didn't do anything that bad.

What, what did you do?

All I did was smell people.

I was just smelling people.

Sounds like a little bit of nose on head.

I never, I never put my nose on anyone.

And if I did, I did not have bad intentions.

Okay.

So you've smelled some of the fans that you've come into contact with, with your, you have- I smell a lot of things!

Sure!

Everyone does!

Flowers, hot dogs, peanuts, cracker jackets.

I don't care if I have a- And you have a tie, if I may describe your, your face, you have a very large spherical head and a tiny, tiny bump of a nose.

My nose is not that big.

So sometimes- You have to lean in close.

I have to lean- thank you, Gavin.

I have to lean in close.

Gavin Griffin is right.

So you've, you've smelled primarily female fans or male fans or- I mean, here's what I'm going to say.

I think men are easier to smell.

You don't have to get in as close.

What?

They give off a musk.

I would like to dissect that for a little bit.

Would you?

Kind of.

I can smell both of you from here.

Okay, fair enough.

By the way, we can smell you, Mr. Matt.

You've been in that costume for how many years?

It's not a costume.

It's a uniform.

Right.

It's a uniform, but weren't you- what was your history again?

We talked about this the first time you were on the show.

It was a sort of super soldier serum.

A Captain America type serum.

Yeah.

I wanted to have, I wanted to have a head the size of a baseball.

That was your primary objective.

Yeah.

I wanted to shrink my human head down to baseball size.

Oh, oh, interesting.

Right.

Okay.

The size of a regulation baseball.

Regulation.

Thank you.

Right.

But things went a little awry.

Yes, they did.

And now I have.

And it ballooned up to a comically large- Oh, comically?

How dare you?

Well, then take the comic out of it just freakishly large.

Oh, that's better.

You're saying that much like Amazon's The Tick.

That it's not a costume.

That in fact, this is perhaps your own body.

I don't know.

He's not inside the, the, the uniform.

This is my fucking head.

Wow.

Oh my God.

I'm so sorry.

Yeah, he doesn't have a human head within that.

I didn't realize.

Yeah.

Well, I'm a human being and I have a head, so it's a human head.

But I'm saying that much like that brain that's in there, you don't have a separate regulation sized human head within your large spherical head.

I mean, it's in there somewhere, I guess.

Okay.

Your regular head is in there?

I don't know.

Have you ever been x-rayed?

No, I don't fit.

I don't fit in the machine.

Fair point.

The regulation size x-ray machine.

Yeah.

Unfortunately.

That's right.

If only there were a softball of x-ray machines.

Well, so.

Well.

So what you're saying is that, that men bring their scent to you.

Oh my God.

Yes.

You perhaps have to bring your nose.

I believe Griffin Gruben that what he's trying to say is that men have a smell that he doesn't need to get down there and take the extra steps in order to smell them.

Do you get it now, Garvin?

The thing is, is that men just stink.

I was trying to be genteel about it.

No, I'll take that.

So he's now smelling women, I believe.

Right.

And that takes a little more effort and a little closer proximity.

I just got to get a little closer and I just got to bury my little nose in there.

Hair.

Huh?

Nothing.

I mean, this is sounding pretty nose to head.

Yeah.

And how.

I never, I never, my nose never makes contact with their scalp.

Okay.

It never has.

And even if it did, my intentions were good.

But does it brush against some follicles?

Oh, what are you from the Mayo Clinic with all this technical talk?

That's been there.

Yes.

My nose is brushed against some follicles.

See every coop.

Are you Mr.

Matt Newman, are you here to apologize?

Are you here to explain yourself?

What are you here to do?

I'm here to say, I'm glad you asked me that Scott.

Oh, good.

One bit of happiness.

I'm here to say, you asked me if I'm here to apologize.

I'm here to say.

Your name is Mr.

Matt.

You're here.

And you're here to say, my name is Mr.

Matt.

And I'm here to say, now is a time when we have to listen to women.

OK.

And that's what I'm going to do.

You're going to be stepping back and retreating from public life and taking some time to listen?

Much like Alec Baldwin on the cover of New York magazine.

What?

Yeah.

You remember eight years ago?

What did he ever do wrong?

He retired from public life and we never saw him ever again eight years ago.

How are you going to be listening?

If people say things like, hey, you smelled my head and I didn't like it.

I'm going to listen to that.

And how will you then change your behavior?

That's an important part of this listening process.

This guy watched the world.

So you're going to still continue unabated.

It's not enough that I said I'm going to listen?

Listen is the commitment.

OK.

Yes.

Listen is, this guy gets it.

Listen is the commitment.

Can I ask why?

That's bit, look, I'm from a long time ago.

OK.

The idea that I'm setting up.

How old are you?

You were the early 1900s?

Yes.

You know this.

We've talked about it.

I know we talked about it, but some of the details get lost in the head.

I can't believe it.

Can we stop?

I can't believe it.

I know it's.

I can't freaking out about a whole other story for you.

It's an amazing story.

One that should be top of mind for me, but I can't keep the details straight.

No.

Sorry I asked.

Check out the Wiki.

OK, fair enough.

So back in the early 90s, you're from a long time ago.

You're an old school guy.

I'm an old school guy.

Look, when I was coming up, you smell whatever you wanted to smell.

Nobody said boo about it.

It's OK.

I'm adjusting to modern times.

That's why I'm saying if I smelled your head and you didn't like it, I'm going to listen to you.

Are you going to be arguing while you're listening?

Am I doing that now?

No.

I don't know.

I've been relating to Gail King a lot in this interview, if you know what I'm saying.

Hey, why is your.

Can I ask.

Because you're what, Oprah's best friend?

Yes.

Can I ask you a different question?

Sure.

I'd love to talk about something else.

Why is your voice so muffled if that's your real head?

Because of my mouth.

My mouth is.

Yeah, it sounds like it's coming from inside.

We've talked about this before, too.

What looks like my mouth on the outside are just colorful markings, and my mouth is actually set back from what appears to be my mouth.

It's just rattling inside in there along with your.

Rattling inside.

It's not loose in there.

Okay, well, this is why I'm asking the questions.

Well, like the wind up chattering teeth?

That was my question.

It has been suggested at times.

Oh, really?

Yeah.

Would you like to play the Joker?

I mean, who wouldn't?

Oh, what a role that is.

Really?

You don't want to play the Joker?

What's wrong with the Joker?

He sucks.

What is what sucks about him?

He's a fucking jerk.

He thinks crime is funny.

Yes.

It's not.

Crime is not funny.

Also, what are what are his jokes?

You know, there's that really funny one where he shoots people.

He's getting knock knock.

Right.

You open the door, you're dead.

Right.

Okay.

She puts makeup on a fish sometimes.

That's a pretty funny.

You know what?

I think the role is in in the Batman universe.

What?

Commissioner Gordon.

I think that's the.

Would you like to play Commissioner Gordon?

I would love acting aspirations.

Yeah, man.

Have you ever been in one of those baseball movies?

I've auditioned for several.

Do they give the role to someone else?

Here's what happens is they say, we want you to audition for the mascot.

And I'm like, okay.

And then I get there and I'm like, I'll do this, but I've also prepared.

The lead.

Can I?

People love that, right?

People love that.

Well, you hear a lot of Hollywood stuff.

That's how you get parts.

Sure.

And so they're usually pretty, uh, indulgent.

They let me do it.

I've never gotten the part, but a couple of times I've heard them say to me.

Thank you very much.

That's very polite of them in this industry.

Uh, I'll say you must've been really, uh, kind of peeved when Mr.

Baseball came out.

Yeah.

Tom Selleck because that sounds like it should be your biopic.

I mean, right there, Mr.

Baseball.

You're Mr. Baseball himself.

I am.

I have a baseball head.

Yeah.

And my first name is Mr.

I'm trying to think of other baseball movies where a mascot has been in them.

Has the Philly fanatica ever been represented on screen?

I mean, you know, what about the San Diego chicken?

San Diego chicken has been in many films, many, many films.

The breakup begins with a Cubs game.

I believe.

Oh yeah.

I believe you ever get to an audition.

They want you to play the San Diego chicken.

Oh yeah.

Yeah.

And here's what I do.

I do a really unflattering version of this.

Let's hear this.

I go in there like, uh, uh, Mr.

Met, uh, I am five 11 profiles, please.

Here we go.

And then the representation, who's the representation?

UTA fam.

And then I'll say I'm reading for the role of San Diego chicken.

Then I say the N word.

Wow.

Yes.

Wow.

That is an unflattering impression.

Very unflattering.

I don't believe that would ever make it to the screen.

No, unless it was the bad news bears or something.

Pretty, pretty liberal with the language of the band.

Yeah, they really were.

Look, uh, Mr.

Met children say that stuff.

Yeah.

They forced them to.

Yeah.

Mr.

Matt, we have to take a break if that's okay.

You don't mind me.

We, uh, we have another guest on the other side of this break.

We have a legitimate witch.

That's exciting.

Maybe the legitimate witch could turn you back into a human.

Or at least, uh, what I want that maybe you, do you still want to be a human with a baseball regulation, baseball size head?

I, Hey man, I love my life.

Okay.

So you're turning swords into plowshares.

He loves the man.

She is turning swords into plowshares.

That means I'm not, I'm not, I don't want to fight anymore.

You mean lemon lemonade.

All right, sure.

Beyonce.

All right.

Look, we need to take a break.

What if she first released a big album called lemons.

She remixed it into lemonade.

Yeah.

You got it.

Yeah.

We need to take a break.

Thank you.

We need to take a break.

When we come back, we'll have more, Mr.

Met more Griffin Newman, and we'll have a legitimate witch after this.

We'll be right back with more comedy.

Bang, bang.

I'm listening.

Comedy.

Bang, bang.

We are back here with the ticks.

Griffin Newman, uh, all episodes that have been completed to this point are on Amazon now, every episode we've ever made is available now.

We're the one you can watch them.

You can not watch them.

What about number four?

Number four.

Very available.

Very very, very, very thirsty.

No, no, no, no, no.

Four very available.

We also have, uh, what is that now?

I got a, I don't know.

Somebody said something that sounded like my device's name.

My device, very available.

I don't know.

Can you, what is this device?

You have some sort of a, uh, uh, it's an ankle timepiece.

Oh, I thought it was a timepiece on your ankle, but, uh, what are you, have you been incarcerated?

Um, no, I'm, I'm free to, you know, go within a certain radius.

Is that just like we all met stadium?

Well, are we in that stadium right now?

Oh, that's true.

Yeah.

Fair point.

Met stadium.

What is it?

Is it the MetLife state?

What is it?

I don't know what, where, where do you play ball?

It's Snoopy and Charlie Brown are hanging out there.

I don't know.

Have you ever met Snoopy and Charlie Brown?

Is it not city field stadium?

Charlie Brown has a similarly shaped head to you.

I think you would get along or at least have some things to talk about.

The fuck is wrong with you?

Okay.

All right.

Plus he's got a little squiggle on the top of his head that looks like the stitching of a baseball.

You're very rude.

All right.

I'll take that.

This is insulting.

Okay.

I feel like we've been trying to help you.

Yeah.

Thanks for listening to me.

Okay.

Look, we need to get to our next guest.

She is a legitimate witch.

That is a very exciting.

I'm sure we'll be talking to her about all sorts of sorcery and spells.

Please welcome Mathilda Primble.

Hello, I am Mathilda Primble and I am here because.

I wish more guests would get to the point like you.

Hey, I am.

And when I say that, I'm looking extremely hard to my right right now.

You know, people think witches are cagey, hard to pin down, but I'm a very direct legitimate witch.

You immediately told us that you are here.

Yeah.

Did you say witch?

Witch.

That is the proper pronunciation.

And much of what I'll be talking about is what is proper for witches.

Okay.

Tell us about this witch life.

Well, hashtag witch life.

The thing is, in recent years, it's become rather in vogue to be a young woman and refer to yourself as a witch, you know, but I'm talking about, you know, young people in cities who really don't have any witchly abilities, but it's cool to seem Bohemian and carrion crystals and have a coven when really they know nothing of actual which craft.

They talk the talk, but they don't.

They walk the walk.

They're just trying to do seances of their ex-boyfriends and facial masks with witch hazel and such.

Do you need to do a seance for an ex-boyfriend?

I guess if the ex-boyfriend has passed away.

Yeah, it depends if you canceled the guy.

Or the relationship has passed away.

Oh, I see.

They're appropriating lots of the vocabulary of witchery to apply to their own 20 something Pinterest lives.

And you know, that's one thing I like that our culture is being appreciated, but when I come and say, Hey, young lady who works at my startup, can I join your coven?

And they go, we're not really, you have a crazy nose and you smell like sulfur.

They don't let me come and be part of the hip new covens.

Do you, do you smell like sulfur?

I mean, is that for me to judge?

You're the sniffer.

Oh, you heard about Mr.

Met.

Ooh, whatever.

I only have listened.

I have a lot of stuff going on interpersonally.

Yeah.

What's the other?

I couldn't really take in all those.

Understood.

So you work at a startup?

Is that what I'm getting from this?

Yes.

I've, you know, I'm 9,000 years old and in that time, wow.

That's I mean, that's, that must be like garden of Eden days.

I mean, cause I think the earth, the earth is only 2000 years old.

I'm not, you know, you think as a witch, I'd be up on biblical specifics, but I'm really not.

I, you ever see that snake, the one that tempted old Adam himself.

I saw that snake, but I, I mean, honestly, my lower legs, my legs are snakes.

Your legs are snakes.

Oh wow.

Like some sort of Ursula situation.

Yeah.

And Medusa, if you will.

Yeah.

Just two single snakes supporting your witch's body.

And my feet are their heads.

Wow.

Yeah.

And I, you know, they have these viperous teeth that get stuck in the ground and walking is very slow.

Oh, okay.

But it's almost as if like, I think you would be a good long distance runner because you have those cleats like, uh, I also fly in a broom.

So, okay.

Yeah.

So you could, you could win races just by flying on a broom.

You should see the witch Olympics because they, uh, I mean, every four years, every, every four years, every vernal equinox, every fourth one, I guess.

So you've had approximately 2,500 of these witch Olympics in your lifetime.

Is that 22, 25?

Every four years, 9,000 years you've been alive.

2,250.

It's weird.

I would have, I don't know if I would have assumed that they've just always been going on for as long as you're alive.

Well, I mean, the Olympics is one of the oldest events in history.

That's one of the missing chapters of the Bible.

I think Mr. Met's point though, is it's quite a coincidence that those two events have the exact same life-scape.

Yeah.

I would have said like, oh, how long have the witch Olympics been going on?

Right.

So go ahead and fucking say it.

Hey man.

Yeah.

Hey man.

Yeah.

You invited me on your show?

You agreed to be on the show.

I didn't agree to this.

So knock it off.

I'll say it feels like the tables have turned a little bit.

Mr. Met is now the one trying to calm you down.

I fucking had it with Mr. Met.

Whoa.

Hey, I'm trying to talk to Mathilda Primble here.

I would like to hear from her as well.

Okay.

Well, can we just, Colin, just batten down the hatches here and let's talk to this witch.

Can I ask you a question?

Sure.

Does it hurt the snake heads when you are like standing?

No, no.

They're very, uh, used to it.

They are- Used to it is not the same as hurting.

Well, they've grown calluses on their teeth.

So sure.

When they were baby snakes on my baby body, uh- They have callous teeth, you said?

Yes.

Great.

Okay, cool.

Go on.

Because their teeth are not made of the normal calcium or whatever that humans consider teeth to be.

Yeah, witch stuff.

Right.

So no, I think they're doing just fine.

Do they talk?

Have names?

Yes, but they speak in parseltongue.

J.K. Rowling got that part right.

Everything else is fucking wrong.

Even Dumbledore's sexual proclivities?

Yeah, that was totally- That- Wizard toilets?

All of that's wrong?

All of it's wrong, but parseltongue is correct.

Wizard toilets.

Yeah, they didn't have toilets.

They would just shit on the floor and apparate it away.

Make them disappear.

That's what J.K. Rowling said.

That is linen, my friend.

Just lost her mind.

What are the snakes' names?

You said they had individual names?

Tony and Slimberslam.

Is Tony short for something?

Just Tony.

It's actually long for Tone.

Is Slimberslam short for anything?

No, it's exactly what it is.

We just don't really love nicknames.

Is Tony Loke long for Tone?

It is long, because Tone- Well, we spell it without the E that I think you're assuming is in there.

Got it.

It's really Ton, but Tone, you know- Got it.

So tell us about being a witch.

Well, it's great, but you know, it's a long life.

The lifespan of most witches is 20,000 years.

20,000, so you're- I am nearing upon my midlife crisis.

Yeah, wow.

But you know, and you have to remain nimble with how, you know, times change, and thus I'm working at a startup.

But witches have seen many iterations of themselves.

Salem witch trials, Harry Potter witch, The Wizard of Oz.

Halloween decorations.

Yes, pretty much just those ones.

Do you know if Margaret Hamilton was number two on the call sheet?

I'm guessing two.

You're guessing six, Ben.

I'm guessing two, B.

Five.

Yes, because Toto was a real diva, and back then they actually took dog actors much more seriously.

They did.

Didn't even think about Toto.

Of course he's number two.

Of course he is.

And Toto too.

He's right there next to Dorothy all the time.

She says in the dialogue, you're a little dog too.

Toto is long for Toto.

The dog's name was Toto.

And different for Tutu.

Now I would love to ask you, it feels like the big sort of- I'm in on it.

The joke of your name is wrong.

I can't get anything by her.

You have fun with it.

I feel like the big sort of issue you're bringing to us is this sort of witch erasure that has become very trendy.

Right.

Wait, are you in a band?

Well, yes, but you wouldn't get the music.

It's a different type of erasure.

And you know, you don't need to know anything about the original band erasure to get the music because I can't.

Right.

So, you know, but yes, I mean, it's akin to when, you know, you had your young people going to Coachella and wearing Native American dress.

Right.

Because it's trendy, it's urban outfit.

Right.

Da da da.

Right.

You know.

But they're not giving you the actual time to represent- Dr. Da?

Your own people.

Dr. Da is our way of saying like, um, you know, just witch filler.

Dr. Da is like a yada yada yada.

Yes.

Dr. Da.

Yes.

So pretty much what you're saying is with all the appropriation, da da da.

Pointed hats?

Pointed hats, yeah.

Okay.

Do you guys- Warts?

Nose warts?

Mm-hmm.

Yes.

Witch people have all sorts of dermatological issues.

If you went to a witch dermatologist, they are really the top of the hierarchy in doctoral witchness.

What causes the green skin?

The green skin is just- Is that a race thing?

We have a different reaction to the sun.

Oh.

You know, for humans, you become perhaps browner or redder.

We become green.

So you're not the Lady Gaga special born this way?

No, no, no, no, no.

We are actually born quite translucent.

Really?

Yes.

You can see all of our veins and our organs.

And we have many similar organs.

Do you mind lifting up your shirt?

Excuse me, Mr. Men- I'm the jerk.

These tables truly have turned.

No, that's quite an appropriate- So you don't like pointy hats?

When Abraham Lincoln had that stovepipe, were you like, hey, getting kind of close, buddy.

And don't get your reference.

You don't know who Abraham Lincoln is?

But I don't know the stove style.

Okay, what about- His hat shape, primarily the thing you think about when you think about Abraham.

I just thought it was like a top hat.

You think about the non mustache.

It is.

A stovepipe hat is always a top hat, but a top hat is not always a stove.

Okay, sort of like a rectangle.

How do you know so much about hats?

You only wear the one.

It's like a little baseball cap.

Yes.

I'm sorry.

You know about hats, right?

You're not wearing a hat right now.

What the fu- Your logic is just- I'm with this guy.

I'm, I read about things that I'm interested in as in, oh, I may someday want to wear a hat.

You've never wanted to wear a different hat, have you?

How do you know?

I don't know.

First, first.

Okay.

I'm sorry to the witch.

There's more than one of us.

Mathilda, I'm sorry.

Okay.

I don't want this to, this is your time.

Yeah, and you're really eating into it.

It's not my intention.

I've been sitting here through 45 minutes of Amazon show and baseball jargon.

But you saw that happen, right?

I'm sorry.

I personally am sorry for all of the baseball jargon, but you saw what he did.

Like I said something about a hat and then he's like, wow, how do you know?

You know what I mean?

It's not me.

Yes.

There is- I- You're a woman and I'm listening to you.

He's bullying you into agreeing with him.

No one congratulates you for listening to a whole other, not even human being.

I'm an ethereal being with magical powers that could put your balls inside your eyeballs.

That's my number one trick.

That would be so funny if like you woke up one day, you opened up your eyelids and there were testicles in your eyes.

Nuts for eyes.

Let me get this straight.

I'm not going to get congratulated for listening to women.

Absolutely not.

Shit.

Do you consider yourself a woman?

I consider, well, I consider myself the female of the, you know, witches.

You have gender.

Witches have genders.

Yes, we do have gender.

Witches and warlocks?

Yes.

And that brings me, that reminds me of something I wanted to say, which is that in the witch world, it's a matriarchy.

We are, so I actually, before you, who run the world?

Witches!

Yes.

And actually I will say I do identify with you some Mr. Matu or whatever, because we are experiencing our own cultural awakening where a lot of the witches of the witch world are being accused of things because they hold the power.

Really?

The power imbalance.

Yes.

And so, you know, we've definitely sexually harassed a lot.

You have?

And they're speaking up for the first time and it's like, okay, okay.

I don't know if I believe all of you, but what is sexually harassing to warlocks?

What do you guys do?

Like brush your broom up against them?

Well, a lot of, you know, I technically making somebody's eyeballs testicles.

Well, yeah, I can understand that.

It's pretty sexy.

So that wasn't a random example.

This is a common witch act.

Yes, yes, yes.

And I guess it's just not okay anymore.

And it's hard for, you know, I'm not the oldest witch, but I'm also not young.

I'm sort of caught right in the middle.

The older witches are like, what's the point of having magical powers if you can't turn people's eyes into balls?

You can't be like, look at these nuts.

Look at these eyes.

Look through these nuts.

Yes.

So I get it.

I get it.

You know, I think that...

How are you supposed to give up?

Right.

Everyone's changing the rules.

Well, also you're so...

You're changing the rules all the time.

And it's very hard.

You have such ingrained behavioral for 9,000 years at this point.

How does one change?

Right, right.

It's hard enough for those of us who are 28 to, you know...

It's like every...

The three of us who are 28.

Who just came in.

Who just walked in.

Yeah.

No, I do think, I mean, what you're saying is interesting because...

You all right, Mr. Matt?

Yeah, I'm just, you know, I'm having a hard time.

With what?

The subject?

Yeah.

This is difficult.

It's difficult.

Well, you know, as men, we need to not only listen, but we have to be open to change.

Yes.

Well, maybe as the palate cleanser, I did bring some live bats for us to feast on.

Okay!

Here we go!

Let's get at the bats!

Have you guys ever eaten bats before?

Have you eaten a baseball bat ever?

Oh, God damn.

How long have you been doing this punny comedy?

Doesn't it ever get...

It never does.

10 years almost.

Night games, a lot of times you get bats in the stadium, and I've had a few that have flown into my mouth.

Okay, so you know, that's a really raw...

We like to cook them up, fry them, and...

This sounds better.

Yes, yes, put sort of a cardamom all over them.

Oh, wow.

Is that the preparation?

Yeah, what did you do for these?

Yes, well, so these ones are still living.

We'll have to fry them in front of each other.

Sort of like a lobster situation.

Aussie style.

Yes.

We're all set up for the cooking show that's right after us, so everyone has a saucepan in front of us.

Yes, yes, yes, yes.

So first of all, you pick your bat here.

I have four.

We get to pick our own bat.

Like lobsters.

Yes, so I don't know, of these four, Grafton, which one?

Griffin, I'll take the little guy.

Okay.

Okay, so you're not very hungry, I see.

No, no, no, and also, you know, I'm a little guy myself, so I kind of feel for the runt of the litter.

That's why I want to give him the ego boost of being the first one to eat.

The first chosen?

Well, school yard pick.

Often the littlest humans have the biggest balls that you turn into eyes.

That's the thing, eye bluncher.

That makes you feel better.

If that makes you feel better.

You can take it.

Which one are you picking, Mr. Met?

Uh, I like the looks of that guy with the milky eyes.

That's not a guy, it's a woman, you fucking creep.

Whoa.

No, eat this girl bat.

Eat it.

You'll have this one.

We can move forward with this as a teachable moment.

I think that's the real takeaway.

I'm going to take the big one right there, because I am hungry.

Yeah, and I have the one right in the middle.

It's the one I really didn't want, but fine.

We can switch.

Well, I'm okay to switch.

You want to switch?

I just want you to feel bad for choosing how you chose.

Okay, a little passive or aggressive?

I think it's pretty just aggressive.

Is there any specific problem with this middle guy, or you just don't like the cut of his jib?

Her jib, maybe.

Their jib.

Very sexist.

Now that's a teachable moment song, maybe.

Bats actually have three genders.

They do, really?

What's the other one?

Yes, it's, you know, the third one.

Oh yeah, it's already.

Of course, the third gender.

Yeah, boys can mate with girls and the third one, but women can only mate with the third one in bat stuff.

So boys can mate with the girls, but girls can't mate with the boys.

Right, in terms of what I'm saying is procreation.

Anything can have sex with anything.

I don't know if you know this.

Why are you lifting up your shirt when you say that?

It's hot in here!

Wow, look at those guts.

Look at those guts.

All right, so let's turn these sauce pans on.

Yep, you're going to want to turn it up to 5,000 degrees Celsius.

All right, done.

All right, and get a hold of these.

Oh my God, it's serving her right.

And everybody break its neck.

Okay.

All right, good.

The life went out of its eyes.

Very good.

Still bouncing around a little bit.

I'm just going to have to watch because mine flew into my mouth.

Oh, Mr. Met.

I don't know why it happens.

Even with that mouth behind your...

All the way inside?

I think they think it's like a little cave.

Rattling around in there?

And then they just go right in.

Yeah, it's like the Carlsbad Caverns.

Well, okay, so now do we just pop it in?

We need olive oil or anything?

I need one goose egg, which of course I provided.

Thank you so much.

Yes, yep.

And we're going to sort of create a little paste around.

I cook a lot.

Yeah, obviously, you know the lingo.

Yep.

And a little paste around it.

Just like paste.

Yeah, paste.

Right, right.

And then it will saute for two minutes.

Two minutes?

And then straight in the gut.

Okay, so just pop it in like an amused book.

Try not to chew.

Try to just swallow whole.

Yeah, well, those bones and all.

Bones and all.

Like eating Ordelog.

Do bats have bones in their wings or are they...

A sort of cartilage.

Cartilage.

Like what's in your nose, this part of the...

Right, so it's just a little crunch.

Adds a little crunch to it.

You know, speaking of which stuff, we all have big noses.

And we actually have extra cartilage growing forward.

It's not just the skin.

Like popping out of the skin?

Right, yes.

Oh wow, that's very cool.

Actually, every witch has a nose knuckle.

Really?

And it's articulated?

You can crack it!

Wow.

Yeah.

Okay, our two minutes are up.

Here we go.

Oh, wait, you're popping?

She cracked her nose knuckle.

Oh, she did it.

Oh, there we go.

There was a little bit of a delay, but yes.

Okay, everyone, pop your bat in your mouth.

Pop your bat.

They really like to fight.

That is hard to get down, but really worth it if you can.

Tasty.

That was really nice.

And you know, those millennial witch ladies, they're not eating real bats, okay?

Oh really?

What are they eating?

You know, they're eating like...

The impossible bat?

You know...

What is that?

It's like, it has the texture of bat, but it's vegan.

It's like an impossible burger.

Yes, no, yeah, 100%.

They're just...

They eat vegan and raw and whatever, and you know, they just aren't...

If you're going to use the witch aesthetic, you need to live the witch life.

You know what?

This is why it's good for men to listen.

Look at all these things we didn't know.

Yeah, we got a cooking segment.

That's what women would provide to the show if we just listen to them as cooking segments.

Oh my god.

All right, look, we need to take a break.

This was delicious, by the way.

Thank you.

Oh, we need to take a break if that's a second.

We're all going to need to take a huge poop because they go right through you.

Oh really?

Okay, let's...

I want to be first in line for that to get that tutu going.

We'll be right back with more Comedy Bang Bang after this.

Comedy Bang Bang, we are back here with Griffin Newman.

Griff Lightning, I believe.

Yeah, on the social media platforms, which I've been told is bad for the SEO.

Be social with this gentleman here.

Engage him.

Tell him everything you think.

Now, can I say something quickly?

Yeah, please.

We just dropped a couple twos on the call sheet.

Oh yeah, we certainly did.

A couple of todos.

During that break, and while I was on the can, I went to the Comedy Bang Bang, a Wikia.

Yeah.

And in fact, there is not a page for Mr. Met.

So when I was earlier told that I had to read that if I wanted your backstory, in fact...

Not one of the more popular guests on this show.

I'm so sorry, I forgot that I curate the Wiki?

No, I'm not blaming you.

I'm just saying I still am unfulfilled.

I would love to hear the story sometime.

Well, I guess get a Stitcher account and you can listen to previous episodes.

Back behind the paywall.

Yeah.

I've been on the show a few times and I don't know why I'm not...

There's not an entry for me.

Yeah, I don't know.

I don't know.

It hasn't sparked the imagination for whatever reason.

This could be a call to arms moment.

You never miss an opportunity.

Well, you never miss an opportunity.

Some would say that's a good thing.

We also have Mr. Metropolitan here with us of the Metropolitan New Yorkers.

And we have a legitimate witch, Mithilda Primble is here with us.

We just did a cooking demonstration and anything going on in witch news lately here?

I mean...

Well, I hear there's an awesome show happening at the Lyric Hyperion that will have already performed by the time this comes out.

This isn't plugs!

Oh, it's time for plugs?

Really?

I would like to plug.

We just came back from break!

All right, I'm literally asking you about witch stuff right now.

I'm out of material!

You got it.

I told you all about it.

That was it?

Yeah, we're not a complicated people.

All right, all right.

I have a question I would love to ask if permitted.

You told us about the Witch Olympics, which sounds fascinating and more exciting than our human Olympics.

Are there winter and summer, by the way?

It's autumnal and vernal.

Oh, okay.

Now, they are not televised, are they?

Is there any way for us humans to watch?

On witch TVs.

You guys have your own TVs?

Yes!

See, this is why I want to follow this little thing.

We have Net Witch.

Do you have an Amazon pun?

Nope.

We have just Amazon Witch.

It's just a sub service.

It's owned by the same Amazon.

Do you have a Witchloo or Who Witch?

Yep.

Well, we call ours Abracadabra.

CBS All Witch sets.

Yep.

Well, you should go into marketing for witch stuff because these are coming more easily to you than me.

No, Crackle Witch, Witch-Witch-l.

Crackle Crackle Boil and Tackle?

Yeah!

Snap Crackle and Witch.

Okay, okay.

Hey, the Snap Crackle and Pop guys, are they Warlocks?

They're elves.

Those are elves.

They're cousins of the Keeblers, I believe.

Similar to you guys in the same sort of sphere?

Of magic, yes, but they live way shorter lives.

They only live to be seven.

Oh no, those people are elves.

And their only abilities are to make...

The elves can only make cookies and Snap Crackle and Pop can only make cereal.

Oh, so how many Snap Crackle and Pops have there been?

Snaps, crackles, and pops.

It's like Santa where every, you know, for them every seven years there's a replacement Snap Crackle and Pop.

Is it like the Santa Claus? It's the Snap Crackle and Pop Claus?

Yep, yep.

Starring Tim Allen.

Whomever kills them.

Three Tim Allens?

Yeah.

What do you think of Tim Allen?

I love him.

He speaks his mind.

Yes, he has street cred because he was in jail for cocaine.

Yeah, cocaine.

And now he hosts, or is on Last Man Standing.

He hosted, I consider him to be the host of it.

He hosts, he introduces every episode.

He goes, hey, what's up?

Like Walt Disney, dude.

Here's another episode where I am ultimately right.

I sort of learned a lesson, but then everyone else on the show has to admit that I'm actually, it's a really good point.

I don't change.

People change to meet me at my level.

That man who listens and rejects what he has heard.

Is Wilson on that show?

I wish.

You know?

Wilson the volleyball?

Do you know Wilson?

He's got a similar shaped head.

Yes, but you're thinking of Wilson the next door neighbor.

The neighbor.

I think on this show, he has a neighbor that can only be seen from the nose down.

The lower half of the head.

He's just naked?

You never see the upper half of his head.

He's behind the high curtain or something.

Okay.

Sort of like the wizard.

Yeah.

Bring it back.

The low bows of a tree.

Right.

When the Wizard of Oz came out, how did the community react?

I mean, one would think that would be, you know, a slam upon the...

No, because the Wicked Witch of the West was played by a real witch.

So if you're going to be...

Margaret Hamilton was a real witch?

Yes.

I know these days in the acting world, there's a lot of controversy over who can play what.

Sure.

You were not offended because that was an actual witch playing a witch.

So this was the first time she wasn't wearing prosthetics for an acting role.

So she had to wear the prosthetics when she was playing the evil woman who was trying to foreclose upon the farm?

Wait, wait, wait.

Why is she evil?

You think that was a reasonable position?

Sometimes foreclosures need to happen.

Yes.

You have business to run.

Thank you very much, Mafilda.

Yes.

So was she wearing a nose reducer of some sort or was it magic?

A nose finder.

Was it like a green screen on nose?

I don't think the nose was any different.

They didn't need to change her skin color because that part was in black and white.

Right.

Oh, god!

Like the monsters!

Yes.

Whatever worked for her.

And did she put a spell on Eddie Albert to make him drop out of the Tin Man role?

Sure.

She was Buddy Ebsen.

Buddy Ebsen.

Who am I?

Who did I say?

You said Eddie Albert.

Eddie Albert.

Eddie Albert was Green Acres.

Same guy.

Buddy Ebsen was Beverly Ebsen.

They're all the same guy though, right?

Yeah.

Who cares?

Who gives a shit?

Anyone who doesn't have a baseball for a head looks exactly the same to me.

Really?

I don't know the Wizard of Oz as well as I should.

It's sort of like the Hamilton of the Witch World.

Oh, yeah.

When it came out of there.

Everybody's obsessed and I'm like, if you're so obsessed with it, I'm actually less into it.

Sure.

Nobody's seen it, but I'm like, you know, don't know every line and all the biographies of the participants or whatever.

How many secretaries of the treasury are familiar with Hamilton?

Probably not as many as should be.

Right, right.

You don't want to shit where you eat or eat where you shit?

Do they shit where you eat ever?

Do they?

We actually do.

Our toilets are refrigerators.

You know, because it's, we're sort of, we have that, like, what is it?

The Burt's Ave of Cloaca where it's one hole for everything.

Yeah, yeah.

And they're refrigerated.

They're ice cold when you sit upon them.

So you're sort of rapid freeze flasheries.

Yes.

Yes, yes, yes.

Because we, I mean, it's very eco-friendly.

We eat something and then we shit it right back out and then we can eat it again.

But then do you keep other things in there that you want to keep cool?

Uh huh.

Yeah.

You know, you know, all the things that you want to keep cool.

I have nudes.

Sure.

Sprite zero.

I have nudes.

Sprite zero.

You've got it.

You guys could be, not witches, but warlocks.

Uh huh.

See, I feel like, and you know, tell me if I'm stepping out of line here.

Probably.

You come onto this show to try to explain to people how witches really live, you know?

Right.

And to sort of say that, hey, stop, you know, appropriating our culture.

Right.

Now there is all this great witch content that is behind a witch paywall that humans can't see.

That humans cannot, yeah, obtain.

If you shared your art with us, people would sort of- Some things are for us.

Not everything is for you, humans.

If you had your druthers, would you be getting rid of anything witch related within popular culture?

What are we talking about?

I would just, uh, one demand that there's a witch staff writer on every witch show or any movies.

Just one?

You know, written.

Just one?

So you, you, you're a fan of quotas.

I love quotas.

And I just think that, you know, uh, they, I mean, it varies so much from piece to piece.

JK Rowling really fucked it up except for the partial tongue part.

So I'm glad that that, you know, franchise made you all a lot of money.

Where did witches shit?

Where did witches- what?

Well, you know, her whole thing about just everyone would shit on the floor and make it disappear.

In our refrigerator.

In your refrigerator?

Yeah, we just dedicated this.

JK.

Why would you- it's not more convenient to shit on the floor.

I don't- I don't know.

I don't understand what she was thinking.

I don't get why you would want to do that.

And I don't know why it was a special bulletin.

Like, it wasn't like it was in the middle of a whole bunch of other stuff either.

It was like, everybody needs to know this.

People asked, because there is a big, big section of the second book that takes place in a women's restroom.

Right, yeah.

With the Dora the Explorer.

Morning Myrtle.

What was her name?

Morning Myrtle.

Right.

People asked, if the school has existed for this long and it now has plumbing, what did they do before that?

And- They had other plumbing or something.

I don't know.

They use magic to make the poops disappear.

Okay.

But even when they put them in a toilet.

But don't you think that like, if- because in the witch world, physics still applies.

Yeah, you can't make something disappear.

It just goes to an alternate universe.

Yeah, where- So there's something like- Is there a shit universe?

In the sky or something.

Is there a massive planet made of shit somewhere out there in the multiverse?

I also- I mean Earth.

Oh, okay.

All right, I'll high five you for that.

Yeah, there you go.

No, no, credit where credit's due.

There you go.

But is it not possible to- I got a question now.

What do you think of the craft?

Love Nev Campbell, hated the rest of them.

But you did like her.

Yeah, she really got it.

She got into the mind- What do you think about her and wild things?

Very sexy.

Really sexy.

Yeah.

That scene with Denise Richard.

Oh my gosh.

I think we've all seen that scene.

Skyscraper.

I'm not familiar.

Nev Campbell's in it?

Yeah.

Yeah, she's- it's The Rock and- I mean, you know, Party of Five was really her best.

What do you think about The Rock?

The Rock?

What about that one Kids in a Hall sketch?

That Nev Campbell was in?

Yeah.

She- oh, yeah.

I didn't know she was in one.

Is she Canadian?

Yes, she is.

She always struck me as a sketch actor.

Really?

You sense that background in her?

Yeah, that she could do accents and her face seems very malleable to different characters.

A lot of catchphrases.

Yes, yes, yes, yes.

What's your favorite movie of all time?

My favorite movie of all time is Paddington 2.

Man, that's a good movie.

It's good.

It's really good.

Not a lot of magic in that unless you mean the magic of celluloid.

Mm-hmm.

Do you?

I do.

Yeah, and the magic of kindness.

That's true.

He sort of casts a spell on all the people he meets.

He really, really does.

True, true.

He reformed a prison.

Much, much the way that you have, young Griffin.

Well, I don't know about that.

I mean, I wouldn't say that in a room with someone who actually has literal spell casting.

No, don't!

Don't be modest Gaston.

Oh, Griffin.

And by the way, you're not going to be casting any spells upon us before you leave here, right?

Just the ones I already have.

What?

All of your eyes are balls!

Aww!

Look at these nuts!

This sucks!

I wish I could look at your nuts, but I can't because my eyes are nuts now.

All I can see is the inside of balls.

Our eyes are down in our ball sack now?

Hey, my eyes are up here.

No, your eyes are down to the shit planet.

What?

No!

God damn it.

OK, look, we're running out of time.

We just have one last thing to do on the show, and that's a little something called Plugs.

Oh boys, it's time for Plugs, ooh.

Oh girls, it's time for Plugs, ooh.

Oh, Sky, end me with them deets.

Oh, it's time for Plugs.

All right, that was Hit Me With Them Deets Boy by Lost and Found.

I believe Lost and Found, he's done songs for us before and has a sound cloud out there, so go check that out.

But you should spell out the name because it's a play of words.

L-A-U-S-T-E-N.

Oh!

Yeah, Lost and Found.

Yeah.

All right.

Word spelling.

And what do we plug in here, Griffin?

Obviously you have your weekly podcast and your sporadic release of various numbers of episodes of The Tick.

Yeah, I mean, why rush it?

22 episodes available now on Amazon, original pilot with the laptop scene available on Russian torrenting sites.

Blink Check, available wherever podcasts are sold, and I'm on a cartoon show called Our Cartoon President.

Oh yes.

It's Showtime.

It's Showtime, my friend.

It's Showtime.

Yes, it's Showtime.

I've never seen Showtime in my life.

I saw some of Smilf.

Did you ever see All That Jazz?

Oh, it's so good.

Beetlejuice?

Have you ever seen Beetlejuice?

The movie?

Yeah, Showtime.

He also says Showtime.

Oh!

Is Beetlejuice considered a warlock or is he just...

He is half warlock, half predator.

Ghost with a mouth.

Oh, predator.

Wow.

Like the...

That kind of predator?

I'm also sexual predator.

Really?

A little bit of a Kevin Spacey too.

All sexual predator.

He needs to listen.

Yes.

Mathilda, this is where you live.

You are trying to plug...

Ready to plug.

Yeah, ready to plug at a moment's notice.

Well, I write an act on ABC's The Goldbergs.

You do?

Do you have to wear some sort of reverse prosthetic for your nose?

I do, I do.

They pay me extra for it.

And then there's a show running at the Lyric Hyperion called Self Esteem Body starring my friend Alanna Johnston that I directed and co-created.

The latest performance will have already happened by the time this comes out, but look out for future dates.

Look out for future dates, of course.

Is she the only Alanna Johnston?

She is on Instagram and in the...

The knife world.

The knife herself.

The knife.

Yeah.

Mr. Metz, what do you like to plug here?

I want to plug baseball.

All of it.

The concept of it.

All of it, but specifically Metz baseball.

How's your record?

Why do you...

I'm curious.

I don't follow the scores.

Go look it up.

The Metz are...

I'm on the comedy bang bang Wikipedia.

Metz are just fine.

There's no record on here.

Don't worry about the Metz.

This is the year.

There's no entry for the Metz on the comedy bang bang.

This is the year.

This year the Metz...

Do what?

They're going to take it all.

They're going to win the World Series and then there will be no more World Series after that.

They're just going to call an end to it.

The last one?

They're going to say it's never going to get better than that.

The Metz won the World Series.

Wow.

Have they ever won?

Yeah.

It's been around for...

It's been around.

It's been around for a hundred years or so.

How long has the World Series been around?

I guess about a hundred years.

It's a little more than a hundred years.

A little more?

Did they celebrate a big 100 one?

Like World Series 100.

Did they celebrate that?

I think they did.

Yeah, they did.

There was a cake.

At their 100th anniversary.

There was a cake?

Really?

God, that sounds delicious.

Everyone in America got a piece.

I wanted a corner piece so I didn't get one.

Well, he should have been at the game.

Only four people in America.

Only four people in America got corner pieces.

I mean, there's only four corners.

Yeah.

I wanted to do a round cake.

Or if it was a witch cake, it would be a pentagram.

Right.

Are all cakes shaped like pentagrams?

Do you like the pentagon, the building?

I do.

It's fun, right?

Yeah, I'm sad that it got in such a good way.

You're really upset.

That was everyone so focused on the Twin Towers.

All I could think about was the pentagon.

Even just thinking about it just pulls that memory.

Why didn't the witches prevent that from happening?

Yeah.

So we can't interfere.

We're like the Christian God.

If we interfere, then what reason would you have for faith?

Or Ola to the Watcher.

Anything else to plug, Mr. Met?

Nope.

Just baseball.

Mets baseball.

Meet the Mets.

I want to plug a fun fun podcast returns for season two this Thursday.

Freedom.

That is myself and Paul F. Tompkins and Lauren Lapkus.

Yeah.

When are you going to do new episodes?

Well, starting this Thursday.

Season two comes out.

I'm sick of waiting.

When are there going to be new episodes?

You never told me.

We constantly tell people.

This Thursday, Stitcher Premium.

There would have been someone else would have out.

I would think Stitcher Premium subscribers can get all the new episodes or not.

I mean, every week we'll release one.

We're going to do it a little more sporadically than you are with the tick.

Griff, if that's OK.

We're going to do it once a week, every seven days or so.

Yeah.

And I guess the Mr.

Met's origin is exclusively available behind that all day.

But Freedom, a fun show we're going to be doing every week.

New episodes.

So go out there and check that out.

Also, anything else I want to plug now?

That's good.

That's that's it.

People are like trying to mouth something in me, but I have no idea what it is.

Right.

Don't please don't turn on the mic there.

Please turn it off.

All right.

Let's close up.

This guy's writing something.

He's a message.

Oh, God.

What is what does he want to write down?

Mr. Policeman.

Clusterfest.

Oh, OK.

Yeah.

Clusterfest.

There's a live comedy bang bang and a live R.U.

Talk at REM Re-meet.

That's in June.

All right.

Enjoy.

Let's close up the old plug bag.

Close your eyes and open up that bag.

You gotta get those eyes closed.

Get up, get up, get up, get up, get up, get up, get up.

Don't be closing, don't be closing.

Open up and let's get loaded.

Let's get loaded.

Open up the bag.

Ooh.

Anything you could do as a witch to speed that up, Heather?

I actually slowed it down.

Oh, you did?

Thank you.

As a little prank on you guys.

Ah, April Fools.

It was last week, my dear.

Do you celebrate April Fools as a witch?

April the whole month is a big joke.

Oh, fun.

Right?

Yeah.

You never stop laughing.

April's a fucking joke, y'all.

A fucking joke.

It's the lamest month.

Fuck you, April.

No integrity.

Whoa.

Well, I know that you gotta get on your broom and fly away.

I hope that's not racist to say that.

I mean, it was, but we're past it.

We are.

And I gotta get my little golf cart that's shaped like a baseball and get on out of here.

I know you do.

And Griffin, I don't know what you need to do.

Call a Lyft.

Get some lunch.

All right, great.

All right, we'll see you next time.

Thanks.

Bye.
