---
layout: page
title: 597. Baron Vaughn, Zac Oyama, Ify Nwadiwe [https：⧸⧸cloudfront.wolfpub.io⧸CBB-597-20190408-Vaughn-RCv01-PW.mp3].mp3.wav
category: cbb 
---

♪ The sheep she fought got peaches pitted.

Foppish pigs, a sheep that's fitted.

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

And thank you to Carkel Cocoon for that catchphrase submission.

This show must sound insane if this is the first time you've ever heard it before, but that was a catchphrase submission.

I have been trying in vain for many years to replace my world-famous catchphrase, What's Up Hot Dog?, that I unfortunately gave away to Weird Al Yankovic.

And as you know, he starts every concert by saying it.

If he is to be believed, I've not gone to see any of his concerts.

To check up on him, I should because I gave him that catchphrase, and if he is not using it, then we have a problem.

So, listeners submit me catchphrases, and that is a very interesting one.

I think it's a little too hard to say though every week, so I think I'm going to be moving on, Carkel Cocoon.

And when I say it's too hard to say, I mean Carkel Cocoon.

That is a first-time catchphrase submitter, I believe.

And speaking of first times, our guest today, we have a couple of first-timers coming up a little later.

We have someone from Alabama Pest Control.

That is very exciting.

And also an automobile salesman.

Oh, okay. I'm not sure where he's from.

Our other guest put where he was from in the actual description.

Alabama Pest Control.

That tells you everything you need to know.

As far as automobile salesmen, it could be anywhere.

Could be in the center of the earth for all I know.

Ah, in any case.

My name is Scott Aukerman.

I am your host for the proceedings.

And let us Terry know further.

We have a wonderful guest who's been on the show many, many times.

You probably know him from Mystery Science Theater, the current series on Netflix, as well as, I think it was on some sort of ABC show or something, some sort of sitcom for a minute.

But our listeners know him primarily as our security guard Zeke from the comedy Bang Bang television show.

Made some of the most appearances on the TV show.

Only 16 people, I looked it up today, only 16 people appeared more often than you, including myself and Reggie and Weird Al Yankovic.

Speaking of Weird Al, yeah.

Please welcome Baron Vaughn.

Hello. Good to be here.

Non-Zeke'd.

Are you doing a character right now? What's going on?

I mean, technically aren't we all at all times?

What is your real, because Baron, I've known you for...

Couple years.

Yeah.

You know, when you were on the show even before that.

And...

You have no idea what I sound like.

You don't know my real voices.

I really don't. I don't think that I've, I saw you having a conversation out there in the lobby and I was like, is this the real Baron?

That's very sad.

And it couldn't have been because he was so boring.

Is...

The real Baron is very, very boring.

I mean, that's a question I have for myself as well.

Scott. I mean, every single day in the bathroom mirror, which I can't see anymore because I've covered in the lipstick.

Yeah. How far down does that mirror go, bro?

Uh...

We talking ankles?

No, we're talking like a cowboy shot.

Oh yeah, pubes?

Medium.

Yes, down.

Pubes and up.

By the way, your comedy, I've always said it's good for all...

All ages.

Yeah, pubes and up.

Yes. If you have pubes, then you will laugh.

So it's not like a 13 and up thing because that's so arbitrary.

There's late bloomers.

If you have pubes, you're good.

You're good when it comes to my comedy.

Yes, exactly.

And you check, by the way.

I've noticed.

I hire someone.

Going into your shows.

Luckily, I've gotten to the point where I can hire someone.

I can delegate that checking responsibility.

And they pull a few out and then hold them up and show them to you.

That's right.

And they say, Baron, the pubes!

That's right.

And then I also have a rule about how thick they have to be.

Yeah.

Because we're talking about like, you know, linen thread to...

Yeah, what's the thread count on these pubes?

Are we talking 2000?

Yes.

And that's...

And if you're over 2000, then you will be admitted to the show for comedy.

Baron, you have...

You're a wonderful standup comedian and a great actor.

Appreciate that.

You were on some show?

Yeah.

I mentioned you were on a show.

You said a sitcom on ABC?

Maybe.

I did a pilot for a sitcom on ABC.

What am I thinking of?

You might be thinking of a different Netflix show that I'm on.

It's called Grace and Frankie.

Oh, yeah.

Yeah.

Now, my wife watches that.

Yes.

A lot of people's wives watch it.

Yeah.

And their mothers and their mothers.

That's true.

If I had a dime for everyone who's come up to me like, my mom loves you, then I would have about five dimes.

That's not a little money.

That's a very strange thing to say.

So you're on Grace and Frankie and you have a new television program and it's coming out this Friday, April...

19th.

I didn't write down.

I wrote down every piece of information except the actual day.

I wrote down April, which I spelled wrong.

I wrote A-R-P. And by the way, speaking of Grace and Frankie viewers, the A-R-P.

Yes.

And then I wrote 11 p.m. because it's not 11 p.m. but I didn't write what it was.

19.

This Friday at 11 p.m. and is it okay for me to say the title?

Now, I watched the first episode and you debate whether it's okay for certain people to say the title.

Do you want to say the title?

Do you want to force me to say the title?

I don't know that I want to say the title.

Well, I'll say it first, Scott, and then you can follow in step.

Okay.

I don't see that this is like a Kanye West, Gold Digger, trap situation.

I don't necessarily think that's true yet.

We'll see.

It's called The New Negroes.

Now, the thing about it is people don't know how to feel about the word Negroes.

Right.

It was a word that we, you know, was all in vogue several decades ago.

Vogue magazine did a whole spread on the word Negro.

That was what was acceptable to say approximately 1971 to 1972.

No, no, no.

It was actually longer than that.

Historically, it kind of started, I want to say, about the 20s-ish.

Okay.

So a great man who was no longer with us named W.E.B.

Du Bois was one of the people that led the charge on changing the word that was used for black people to be Negro.

And it was good then.

And it was like, this is better.

It was better than colored.

Oh, okay.

People were saying colored at the time.

It was colored.

And then he was like, I think I have something better up my sleeve.

Right.

Okay.

And then it was good for a while.

It was good until about the late 60s, early 70s.

And then what happened in the late 60s?

Why did people, why were people like, I don't like this word?

I think what happens is people start using it as a pejorative, as a slam at a certain time and then people are like, okay, now you're just saying it like...

Well, that's true of any word, you know.

And I think that, you know, it was the dominant word that was used to refer to black people.

And then it kind of fell out of fashion, especially with younger people, because I think, you know, the time changed politically.

And there was a gentleman named Stokely Carmichael who sort of championed black to be the new word.

Right.

And then James Brown had a song, Say it loud and black and proud.

And then it became black.

Black is beautiful.

And then the irony is that black was an insult before it became...

To call someone, when Negro was the word, to call someone black was like fighting words.

Right.

But then it was like, no, this is fine.

And then it became the word and then I still like black.

Yeah, black's fine.

And by the way, black is back.

Black is back.

Black is the new black.

Because for a while, then it became Afro-American and then African-American.

Afro and African-American.

And then it was like, no, no, no, just stop.

Just please, can we just go back to black?

Well, there's a lot of, there's a, some people still prefer African-American.

Some people prefer Afro-American if they have big hair.

I think that was Jesse Jackson.

I almost feel like it was like Jesse Jackson single-handedly tried to force that on everybody.

Well, tried to force Afro-American?

Tried to force African-American.

Oh, African-American.

Okay.

And it caught on in the universities, which is why it became so huge.

But I don't think that most people like that.

I don't like it.

I prefer black.

Yeah.

Well, the shorter, the better.

You know what I mean?

Yeah, yeah.

Efficiency.

So you don't have to dwell on it.

It's about efficiency.

African-American is too many syllables.

Now you're trying to take this word back though.

Well, well, the thing is that I'm not necessarily trying to take the word Negro back as much as I am reusing the term New Negro.

Right.

And that is its own thing.

Right.

I don't get it.

What are you talking about?

Well, white Scott, what it is- By the way- Am I forgetting that?

No, if you're a listener of the show and haven't figured it out yet, I'm white.

Scott is white.

Scott Aukerman.

I know it sounds like a Nigerian name.

That may be, you know, that may be causing the unease I have discussing this subject.

Scott Chioma Aukerman.

That's so specific.

That's for like the 15 Nigerian listeners that you have.

I've counted.

They've all emailed me.

They're like, I'm so happy you're going to be on the show.

People from Ghana, not a fan of mine.

I don't know why.

Not gonna do it.

That's right.

That's exactly what Bush- Dana Carvey as George H. W. Bush.

Had a weird policy about the country of Ghana.

Not gonna do it.

Very strange.

What the heck were we talking about?

We were talking about how you're the title of your show.

And then we'll talk about the show itself.

So the term in and of itself, New Negro, was the title of a book from the 20s.

And the book was an anthology of like fiction writers, essayists, poets, musicians.

Oh, okay.

So it was a compendium of like, this is the new, this is the stuff that you should be paying attention to now on the art scene.

Exactly Scott.

Exactly.

And that's what I'm trying to co-opt.

And that's what the show sort of is because, let's talk about the show.

The show, and I've seen, by the way, I don't like to brag, but I got a screener of the pilot.

Uh oh.

And I watched the whole darn thing.

I appreciate you watching it.

And first of all, let's talk about the hosts because it's you and Open Mike Eagle.

Yes.

And Mike, we wanted to have on the show this week, but he's on tour.

He's on tour, yes.

And we just had to do it.

We had to pull the trigger.

He was closed, Mike Eagle.

Yeah.

But it's you and Open Mike Eagle.

Now you're a standup.

Yes.

And Mike is a musician who- Yes.

Who is very funny and does, you know, is himself in performances and does standup shows and stuff like that.

So it's you guys are both the hosts and it's sort of like a premium blend.

Dark roast.

What do you think?

I just thought of that right now.

What do you think?

Premium blend, dark roast.

Sounds slightly loaded.

Why?

Just call it that.

Let me just grind it down and see how it processes.

Yeah.

I mean, Mike is a rapper, a hip hop artist, whatever you want to call it.

And so, yeah, every episode kind of has a theme.

We unpack it a little bit.

Almost in a, I want to say like a vaudeville kind of way.

Yeah.

Well, I mean, our friend Lance Bangs, he directed.

Did he develop it with you as well or did he just direct it?

Well, we developed it.

I always wanted Lance to direct because I like all the stuff that he did.

He did the meltdown.

So it's kind of like a meltdown type show.

Yeah.

Where it's like you guys have standups on.

Yes.

And you also have musicians on.

Yes.

And in fact, in the pilot, it's really good.

You have Chris Redd, Shalei with Sharp and Langston Kerman, who was just on the show a couple of weeks ago here.

And then Hannibal Burress pops up in the middle of it.

Yes.

Does a really funny thing.

And then at the end, Danny Brown, musician Danny Brown, does a video with Mike.

Yes.

So it's like, and all of this in 20 minutes and 55 seconds.

40 seconds.

Yeah.

So it's edited pretty tight.

It is.

And no comedian that did a set did The Time I Asked.

What did they do?

I said, let's break it down by person.

I said two eight minutes.

How far did they run the light?

Well, some people did 20.

Who ran the light the worst?

Everyone ran the light.

Sure.

Except for two people.

Who didn't?

The only two people that came in at The Time I Asked were Sam Jay.

Okay.

And Naomi Paragon.

There you go.

And they're the only.

The professionals.

Guess how easy it was to edit their sets.

So easy.

Meanwhile, the 20s.

Meanwhile.

How long did Chris Redd do?

Because.

Chris actually didn't go that bad.

Probably like nine minutes.

Okay.

Yeah.

He's he's a professional too.

Yeah.

Langston.

Langston actually was 84 minutes.

It seemed 84 minutes, which is about the runtime of Annie Hall.

Yes, exactly.

Well, he had I think he had just seen Annie Hall and he's like, I could do this for longer.

He just did it word for word.

Exactly.

From memory to very talented guy.

At some point I had to edit.

I basically piece mailed his his all the different words, all the different dialogue from into a stand of set into his set.

Yeah.

And a lot of people don't know in Annie Hall, they speak every word in the English language.

Any all the very first line of dialogue is what he goes, the quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog.

And then and that gives you every single letter to use.

It does.

And every sound that you can just kind of just put together.

Yeah.

But it's a it's a really cool show.

Who do you have on further episodes?

Oh, yeah.

I mean, you stand up wise, we have people like George Wallace, because there's another thing that I wanted to do, which was extensively bridge a gap between different generations of comedy bridging.

Exactly.

Benetton United, uniting these colors of a lot of times when you see these stand up shows on Comedy Central, it's whoever's hot, whoever's new.

And they're like, hey, you know, I'd love to have this 50 year old person to go.

He's had his time in the sun.

Exactly.

And I kind of wanted to, if you will, pay my respects to those who came before us.

Did they feel respected after the show?

I believe they did.

Especially like, finally, I got my respect.

Yeah, except for one person who's like, I don't get no respect.

Oh, Rodney's on.

But he tried to get on, but I'm like, you're not black, Rodney.

Oh, I don't get no respect.

No respect at all.

Not being black.

In my book.

It's true.

Who else?

Who else do we have?

George Wallace.

Funny, funny.

One of the funniest.

Donnell Rawlings.

Sashir Zamata.

From the current generation.

I guess an older generation of SNL.

Yes, L'Oreal Howery.

Oh, L'Oreal.

Candace Thompson.

Tone Bell.

Sonya Denny, who is a younger, newer comedian.

There's a couple comedians that we get to break.

How young?

Five, six?

She just started talking.

Just had babies on the show.

Her first joke was, take my wife, please.

And we were like.

That's pretty funny.

I mean, she put the young in Henny Youngman.

And scene.

I just want to say that.

Who do you have for musicians who come on the show?

We have Fonte.

We have Method Man.

We have MF Doom.

MF Doom.

We have Samus Lizzo.

Wow.

A bunch of different really interesting.

Do they all do videos with Mike?

Yes.

Okay, so they don't come on and do live performances.

They all do videos.

They do not.

Yeah, and the videos are great.

The video in this first episode has Jake Wiseman, who was also on the show recently from Corporate.

Yeah, there was a weird thing I wanted to do where rappers get to shout out other people they like.

Artists, collaborators.

So in the videos, I kind of wanted to shout out all these different comedians that I like.

Like Jake Wiseman or Marcel Arguellos in that as well.

Or Kyle Mazzono.

So there's all these great comics in every single sketch.

I tell you, you pack so much in.

So many great people in just the first episode.

I mean, when I saw, oh wow, there's three people and a musician.

I was like, how are they going to do this?

And then Hannibal jumps up and it's like, oh my.

And then you guys are doing time in between.

It's really an achievement.

It's a really good shot.

I appreciate that, Scott.

Yeah, congratulations.

Thank you.

Hopefully we get to do more and do it better.

How many did you do?

We did eight episodes.

Eight?

Yes.

Not bad.

Eight is enough.

Eight is great.

Yeah, it is enough.

It is enough.

But not for you because you want to do more.

How many more do you want to do?

One more?

I would like to do, well, let's see.

Let's see what happens.

I would like to do this show for a couple of years because there's a lot of comedians I love that I would like to get on.

You ever get a run out?

Of comedians?

Yeah.

Surprisingly no, Scott.

Surprisingly no.

A lot of comics.

They keep making them.

It's weird.

You think at a certain point they would stop.

You would think that, but there's a demand.

But I tell you, every day here in LA it's like, oh, hi, I'm a comedian.

God damn it.

They bust them in from comedia.

I just don't understand it.

And it comes on this Friday, Comedy Central, 11 p.m.

The coveted spot.

All the young people are at home watching television when it's on.

11 p.m. on a Friday.

Yes.

The post, what do they call that on ABC on Friday night?

You're looking at me like, I'm crazy.

Do they have a thing again?

No, no.

Back in the day.

TGIF?

TGIF.

Yes.

The post TGIF spot.

Gonna have some fun, show you how it's done.

TGIF.

Something like that.

You did it perfectly.

Oh, Baron.

So good.

And you and Mike have a wonderful rapport.

How long had you worked with Mike?

A couple of years.

We've been doing a live show here in Los Angeles.

We were doing it at the UCB Franklin.

Now we're at the Virgil.

I had started this show at the Bridgetown Comedy Festival many years ago, especially because it's like comics are coming from all over the country to do that festival.

So I got to meet a bunch of comics I never knew before.

Whose essences I got to absorb.

Essence, is that a pun?

No.

That is a magazine.

I didn't even think of that.

Is it still around?

Yes, Essence.

And Vibe?

Well, yes, of course.

Are they still, they're still around?

Essence, Vibe.

Jet Magazine still has the beauty of the week.

Jet, yeah, my neighbor got all of those.

And I would get because- You would steal your neighbor's jets?

No, no, no, no.

I was in number two and they were in penthouse two and the male person would get it mixed up all the time.

Quite often I would just pull out a part of our mail and go, oh, I got someone else's mail today because it would be a jet.

I'd go, oh, okay.

And then you would open up and you'd be like, keeping it.

This one's for me today.

Excuse me, I got a jet.

Well it's a great show.

I hope everyone checks it out.

Appreciate it, Scott.

I mean, you're on the rocket ship to fame at this point.

After this Friday, everyone will be recognizing you in the street.

I get recognized here and there.

Well, sure.

People are like, oh my God, I love this as us.

That's what usually people say to me.

The older generation with the Grace and Frankie, I'm talking the under 60 crowd is finally going to come around to you.

Yes, that's the crowd I've been looking for.

60 months.

60 months to 60 years.

And if they have pubes, and by the way, if you see Baron- This is so much pube talk.

If you see Baron out on the street, show him your pubes.

Definitely don't.

I retract all pube- That's the Baron von Promise.

Show him your pubes.

All pube related statements, I retract.

What if that became a part of your act and then you sold t-shirts that was like your face on it and just said, show me your pubes.

People would buy that t-shirt, let's be honest.

Let's be honest.

And I think just from this appearance today, you could sell them and it would be okay.

This is really doing wonders for me.

I think so.

Get some merch out there.

How can I talk about pubes?

Break some merch.

All right, we need to get to our next guest if that's all right.

Do you want me to stick around for this person?

I do want you to stick around the entire show if that's okay.

That was part of the deal for us talking about your goddamn show for so long.

Okay.

But he is from Alabama Pest Control.

That's exciting.

Are you a animal fan?

A pest?

Oh, I am.

I'm also a fan of the John Leguizamo movie, The Pest.

I don't know The Pest.

What is the plot of that?

I know I keep interrupting you as you're trying to sip your drink.

What do you want to do?

You want to answer or do you want to sip?

Well, I'm glad you asked there, Scott.

God damn it, I shouldn't have given him the leeway.

He's really annoying.

I guess that's what the whole point of The Pest is.

So he goes around bothering people?

Yeah.

He's got a certain type of Leguizamo manner.

Is he doing his one man shows?

Is that how it's bothering people?

He does one man shows at people who did not pay for a ticket.

I flipped on HBO or Showtime or something one day.

Oh my God, I need to start taking the water here for a second.

Oh my God.

Is that your real voice?

Five seconds?

Yeah, it just slipped into my real voice.

All right.

He's from Alabama Pest Control.

But are you an animal fan?

I am.

I'm a fan of animals.

Yeah.

It's kind of mean to call them pests.

It depends on what your relationship is with them.

Yeah, that's true.

Isn't a pest usually like an insect or something like that?

Well, I don't know.

I think it implies an unwanted animal perhaps.

Like a ferret?

Yeah, or a mongoose gets into your house or something like that.

That's true.

We'll find all of this out.

Oh, we got a capybara problem.

He's one of the Simpsons.

This is fun.

The Simpsons.

Wait a minute.

This person is one of the Simpsons?

I think so.

His name's Denny Simpson, but he might be related to those Simpsons.

Oh, that's a distant relation.

Let's welcome him to the show.

He's from Alabama Pest Control.

Please welcome Denny Simpson.

Hello.

The Simpsons.

Yes.

Exactly.

I've seen him.

I've never heard.

Yes.

I'm not sure what this song is.

You don't know this song?

Oh, this is great.

Danny Altman.

I love that so far.

Incredible.

That sounds like an incredible song.

You never heard it before?

It's really good.

Have you ever heard of the show, The Simpsons?

I'm not aware of The Simpsons.

You don't know The Simpsons?

No.

I just know that, I mean, my family's kind of weird.

It could be its own show, to be honest.

What's your family like?

Is there a dad and a mom and a- I got a bald dad who's got a white shirt, blue pants he wears all the time.

My mama, she's got, you know, it's almost like her hair's blue because it's so gray.

Blue hair.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Blue haired old lady.

Green shirt.

Yeah.

Green.

It's a really long shirt.

Yeah.

Pearl necklace.

Oh, sexy.

Oh, yeah.

Anyway.

Well, I was just here to talk about- Denny Simpson.

Yeah, Denny Simpson's my name.

From the Alabama Pest Control.

Alabama Pest- I like to also refer to it as Critter Control because- Critter, yeah.

I don't like saying pests either.

Yeah, exactly.

It's mean, isn't it?

It's mean.

I'm all about the ethical capture and release of these animals.

Right.

People for the ethical capture and release of animals.

I've heard of that organization.

Pecora.

If there were- I could start an organization called Pecora and, you know, that would be my champion cause.

I join it.

Okay, good to know.

Yeah.

I would pay dues of upwards of $300 a year.

$300.

Okay.

That's an interesting ballpark.

We're going to have to do a little market research and see if that's viable.

Yeah, sure.

How many members at 300 a year do you think would sustain your organization?

We're going to need a couple thousand.

A couple thousand and three.

Because we got big goals.

Big goals here.

You need $600,000 to sustain this a year?

Yeah, pretty incredible.

Well, you know, there's a lot of animals in danger out there.

In Alabama specifically.

What kind of animals you got out there?

Well, I can't tell you how many times I've crawled underneath the porch to grab a possum out or a raccoon out or a cat out.

All kinds of animals.

Mainly under porches?

Under porches.

They like to get under there.

They pretend it's a little house for them and then- That is, yeah, it's like a tiny house under a house.

Do you find like furniture or like pictures of their family down there as well?

There's often kind of debris like that in there.

It's not really kept after and then the animals kind of, you know, will be animals.

Animals will be animals and they go in there and they kind of ruin that stuff a little bit.

Yeah.

Well, I mean, they don't have opposable thumbs.

No.

Except for raccoons.

Oh, they do.

Oh yeah, that's true.

Because they're open up garbage cans and stuff like that.

I can't tell you how many times I've gone down there and seen that.

Why can't you tell us how many times you've done these things?

It seems like you would be keeping stats.

It happened a lot and more so than I can count.

I'm not great with numbers.

So it hasn't happened a little time and you're just dumb and you can't count that high.

No, it's happened at least.

It's happened way too many times.

If I had to think of a number, maybe two.

Maybe three.

Oh, that's why you couldn't tell us it's not that many.

It's not that many.

Or is that really high?

I'm not sure.

But I've looked, I've seen these raccoons under there just holding pictures.

He must be the Bart of the family.

I see.

I mean, look at his spiky orange hair.

That's true.

Yeah, I mean.

Did you dye it that color?

This is natural.

I remember in my family, kind of naturally, half of us have this hair.

Maybe four out of five of us have hair like this.

Oh, okay.

Yeah.

You have sort of a complexion, sort of like the tangerine in chief, Donald J. Trump.

If I may be political for just one second.

No, I'm going to stop being political.

Only one second.

Thank you.

I'm stopping.

So yeah, you have a jaundiced kind of complexion.

Yeah, I used this sort of spray to, it ethically lets me handle animals.

It's sort of an orange spray.

They don't like it, but it keeps them from biting me for the most part.

So they don't like to be close to it so they don't bite your skin.

Yes.

Okay.

But does it make your hands slippery?

Oftentimes it's very slippery.

Wait a minute.

You only have four digits.

Yeah.

Well, I mean, that's all you really have.

To be honest, going under them porches, I can't tell you how many times I've had fingers bitten off by animals.

I would assume twice.

Before the spray.

Maybe somewhere around two.

Wow.

So what did you come here to talk about?

Well, I was just talking about ethically capturing these animals.

I don't think, I've been doing this a long time, I've realized that we don't really need to tranquilize animals or put them in these little cages.

That's what a lot of other pest control places do.

They see an animal and they're like, get the gun, honey.

Exactly.

Or they get, you know, the husband and wife team.

The husband and wife pest control team.

Honey.

They get one of those big poles that has a little wire on it and they grab them around the neck.

I go in there and I just use my hands.

Yeah.

I think that's more natural that way.

And they can come to understand me.

And yeah, sometimes they, you know, I can't tell you how many times they clawed me up.

You know, I get...

Take a guess though.

Four.

Okay.

Maybe four times.

Or maybe 50,000.

Any of that's a wide range, but somewhere in there.

Somewhere between that, betwixt that.

But we got to be more careful with these animals because they've been put on this earth just as we have and we should let them safely get to a place where they can live their lives.

Is there a reason for every animal?

You know how they say like, you know, well, you hate bees, but you know, without them, suddenly our environment is going to shit somehow, you know, or like, oh, you know, you hate snakes?

Well, they're out there catching the rats or whatever, you know, like every animal there seems like there's some sort of excuse that these people go like, oh, if you hate them, then you know, is that true for every single animal?

A lot of documentaries about that too.

Planet earth.

Yeah.

I believe, I believe that fully.

I mean, I grabbed this rattlesnake the other day and it really, it really went to town on my arm.

Oh yeah.

Let me check that out.

Whoa.

That is, you have not dressed that wound.

No, I'm letting it, letting it breathe.

Well why?

Why would you do that?

Because sometimes, you know, you got to let it get some air.

I passed out when I put a bandaid on it and I assumed it had a corollary.

So it's turning whatever orange and green, whatever the mixture of those two is.

Yeah.

On the color wheel.

Is that yellow?

I'm not sure.

I really don't know.

I don't want to say you have yellow skin by the way.

You're not an expert in colors though.

You could be problematic.

I realize that.

You could be.

Well, but yeah, it's turning a weird color.

Yeah.

And it got me and that was part of that, that snake's journey and that snake's life.

Right.

Yeah.

So what is the purpose of every animal just to kill some other animal?

Can't we just kill all the animals?

And then, and then we're good, right?

Are we animals though?

That's the question, right?

Are we animals?

We're humans.

That's true.

Is that an animal?

Do you consider us to be animals or pests?

That is interesting because I know that we have, we, what is the difference between a human and animal?

We can think.

But I mean, they say that chimps can think.

There's that Coco the gorilla supposedly.

Could think.

Yeah, supposedly, but I don't believe it.

I'm a Coco truther.

But I mean, I mean, maybe we live in a world where all animals can think, you know, they're living their lives and they're having full thoughts.

Do you think our dogs think?

Yeah, I think they're.

What do you think they think?

If they, if their thoughts, like, have you ever tried to impersonate what a dog thinks and just said it out loud?

Just like, I'm hungry.

I'm so hungry.

Well, that's going to be true.

Nine, nine times out of 10.

Yeah.

Do you think dogs are hungry all the time?

I think they're always hungry.

What a life.

I mean, ever been hungry, Scott?

I mean, it's complicated to be hungry.

Usually in the morning, then a few hours later and then come nighttime, I get pretty hungry then too.

Yeah.

I would eat about three times a day.

I would give or take.

Oh, that's really nice.

Look, 15 for me.

15?

Yeah, but I like to eat small things.

Oh, okay.

You like to, yeah, micro meals.

Yeah, like two almonds.

Yeah.

15 times a day.

That's about 30 almonds.

I can't tell you how many times.

You've had 30 almonds?

Yeah.

I appreciate that because you're not, you don't necessarily eat an animal unless you have to.

Exactly.

Unless I've ethically caught them.

Denny, you're here to talk about ethically capturing these animals.

Yes.

So talk about it.

Listen, I want to say I don't use tools, but if an animal buys me- Any tools.

I don't use tools.

I just use these mitts.

But if an animal hits me, I'm going to hit it back.

Okay.

So the other day, a possum scratched me right in the face when I'm trying to say, come here, come here and get out of here.

And he scratches me and then I give him one right, pow, right in the face.

So all it did was scratch you, but you decided to like close fist punch him in the face?

Treating him like I would treat any of you if he hit me, I'm going to hit you back.

But he didn't hit you.

If I were to come up to you and meow and just scratch you in the face, you would punch me?

If he cut me across the face like this wound right here with your fingernails, man, maybe I'd punch you.

But I knock him right out.

That seems like an escalation to me.

Maybe I was heated.

Maybe the temper got the best of me, but yeah, I clocked him right in the face and then he fell fully asleep on the ground and I took him to the woods and he lived his life.

And that's- Wait, fully?

Fully asleep.

Well, I hit him right in the chin.

He wobbled back and forth, his eyes- Sure, you look like a comical boxer.

Yeah, like when a boxer's about to get KO'd, it was that.

He went up on his back legs and then he fell down and then I did the count in my head.

The 10 count?

Yeah, and then he was done.

Did he ever like sort of get up and you had to like- He reached for a little rope and he couldn't.

He staggered and then I thought he was, for a second I thought he was going to do it and then he just pow, just hits the ground again.

So then at the 10 count, you thought he was asleep.

Yes, he fully fell asleep.

And fully asleep.

He was lights out, he fell asleep.

He lights out.

So do you think, I mean, if I were to hit a little tiny thing, I think the force, I mean you're not a big person, you're approximately like four foot six or so with your hair.

Four foot six, 109 pounds.

Right.

Wearing shorts, blue shorts.

I mean, 109 with my skateboard, I guess.

So I knocked this little guy out and that makes it so that I can ethically take him to the woods.

Right.

I'm worried that you killed a raccoon with a forceful blow that, was his skull intact?

I don't know why I'm saying his.

Was their skull intact?

Look, their skull, I don't know if their skull wasn't intact or not.

I mean, I picked him up and I didn't look down again and I walked all the other woods and dropped him off and I left without making sure that he woke up.

I'll say that.

Okay.

But I think you killed a raccoon.

I really don't, I really feel- With your bare hands, by the way.

Yeah.

Well, I'm feeling really good about my actions and so I really don't think I did.

Is it because you didn't use tools?

Well, yeah, because I mean, I'm not throwing a piece of metal on this animal, right?

I'm not using something unnatural like a chemical.

Yeah, but I mean, can I ask you a question?

Did you happen to be wearing anything like brass knuckles at the time?

Well, I got these guys on.

Yeah, I mean, yeah, I noticed those when you walked in.

They say love and then, and then love.

Right, and they have little spikes on them as well.

I mean, those are, do you ride motorcycles or something?

What do you have those?

Not at all.

You just walk around with those.

I walk around and I put my leather jacket on and I wear my sunglasses and I, you know.

So you're like a cool, like those, those t-shirts that you would get at swap meets.

Yeah, like a different version of, of yourself, of myself.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

There's a lot.

I think I go to swap meets a lot and there's something, there's like an interesting Instagram channel that has a bunch of pictures of me, but it's a little different.

Right.

Me and Michael Jordan.

I thought that was interesting.

Yeah.

You with dreads.

Yeah, exactly.

I don't know where they're getting these pictures of me.

I don't know.

But you know, and then, you know, I've taken care of other animals as well.

Has this happened?

Multiple times.

What is, what is your MO when you approach an animal?

You're not using tools.

Yes.

So what, what normally happens?

First things first, you go in there, you don't shine a light or anything and you just crawl forward as fast as you can.

In the dark.

Just crawl forward.

Yeah.

Are you worried about hitting anything?

Hello?

You're saying hello.

Hello?

And then usually.

Are you doing it with a comically exaggerated Southern accent?

I put on the accent a little bit when I go in there.

Just to put them at ease.

Hello?

Because I think, sometimes I imagine animals thinking and it's like that.

Well, I mean, I can imagine it lowers their defenses because when you hear someone with that harsh of a Southern accent, usually you think, oh, this person isn't that bright.

Yeah.

There may be kind of dumb or something, but like, and so I often, you know, it seems like, you know, last week a cat was under a house and he was, you know, rather large cat.

And I go in there, hello, hello?

And he looks at me and it gets a little scared at me.

And then it jumps and it touches my back.

And when it touches my back, I use sort of a judo move and I flip it over, pound it on the ground.

Using the force of the cat against itself as judo.

Yes.

And this was a heavier cat.

So I used it.

I was able to use sort of its weight against itself, flipped it over and then did sort of a left, right kick.

A combo?

Wait, with your fists and your boots?

So left fist, right fist, kick.

Oh, okay.

And this cat, fully asleep.

Like a hard kick or a short kick?

It was a hard short kick because there's not enough space in there to do, you know, a full roundhouse.

I guess, yeah, you couldn't do a full long.

Yeah.

How long is a long kick to you, Baron?

Well, for him, it's not that long.

I mean, he's so short.

So about two feet, two, two and a half feet.

Right.

We're talking, this was a straight kick for me, so it was like one foot.

It sounds like you're using a lot of MMA on these cats, mixed martial arts.

No.

Mixed martial arts are me loving animals.

Oh, okay.

That's the, that's part of the, what's ethical about it.

You mix love with discipline.

Yeah.

With these animals.

Oh, that makes sense.

Exactly.

And you know, this guy was out cold and that, and that he was fully asleep.

Fully asleep.

Can I ask you, how many animals have you put fully to sleep?

Gosh, anywhere between, I would say three or 400,000.

400,000.

And is that why you need the $600,000 a year for your organization?

Is this some sort of defense fund or?

Well, you know, a lot of people don't like how I do it.

And so I'm often, I would think everyone would disagree with you.

I mean, has there ever been a time where you've rescued an animal?

Like, I mean, every single one, I would say.

Yeah, but you're putting them in the woods.

I mean, in some sort of like mass grave.

Sure.

Of hundreds of thousands of dead animals.

Okay.

I mean, well, they're asleep to you, but I mean, do the woods smell?

Do they call them stinky woods?

I'm often congested.

I'm very allergic to animals.

Why did you get into this work?

I would have to say that, yes, every now and then I pass hikers coming through that area and they're like, you know, I can't smell it, but they're like, Pee-ew!

In that sort of way.

That sounds stupid.

Yeah.

And they're idiots.

So it's like, who am I going to trust that or not?

And so, yeah.

Well, I think that you're, I mean, you're almost, look, this is how serial killers get started.

Am I right, Barron?

I mean, this, this number of animals, have you escalated to humans yet?

I've helped some humans.

Oh.

Helped them?

Look, look, sometimes a human will get caught under a house.

Under a porch.

Usually it's plumbers or other, you know, pest control people.

Yeah, someone with business down there.

Wait, you're coworkers?

They're not, they don't work at the same company, but sometimes I'll see a pest control outside a house.

Oh, a competitor.

And then I'll run in there and I'll go, hello, hello?

And I will rescue and save both the animal that they're fixing to use their harmful gadgets on, and then the human down there.

Oh my gosh.

You're, I, you're a, I mean, you're a monster.

I don't believe it's monstrous for me to get between the animal and the human and fight them on either side.

What are the coordinates of this, of these woods?

I want to, I feel like the authorities need to check this place out.

The latitude is 1,079 by the longitude of 458.

Okay, good.

Is that how you find a place?

Yeah, I got to use my GPS.

Your global GPS.

All right, look, we need to take a break.

Okay.

I, I feel like, you know, you're, you're as mischievous as, as your namesake Bart Simpson, but yeah, not sure.

Yeah.

But you're a little, I don't know.

He just, I don't know.

He has a whole litany of things that he writes about on a chalkboard that he shouldn't be doing anymore.

I would love for you to write on our chalkboard over here.

I will not put animals nor humans fully to sleep anymore.

I can't make any promises.

Can you do that about 50 times on this chalkboard right here?

All right.

While I sing this, da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da.

All right, we need to take a break.

We'll be right back with more Comedy Bang Bang after this.

Comedy Bang Bang, we are back here.

Baron Vaughn, the, the show is The New Negroes this Friday and seven Fridays after that.

That's correct.

And then gone.

Um, hopefully back.

Hopefully back at some point.

We'll see what happens.

But there's, what is it on an app or something?

Can people get that after?

I think it will be available.

Yeah, it'll be around.

Yeah.

It'll be around, but check it out this Friday.

Yeah.

And we're simulcast on BET as well.

Are you really?

We're going to be on Comedy Central.

Bees?

And bees.

No, no, not bees.

Oh.

Get out of here.

What the heck?

That's Denny Simpson from Alabama Pest Control.

He's here.

He's hearing bees.

Boy, I would like to try to see you try to put these bees to fully to sleep.

I would love to.

Oh my goodness.

I put a couple to sleep in my day.

A couple?

Yeah.

Oh, you mean a bees?

Yeah.

A couple of bees.

Yeah.

They were a married couple.

A couple.

Yeah.

Oh, that's companionship.

Yeah.

We need to get to our next guest.

He's an automobile salesman, although we don't know where.

He sells these automobiles.

I guess that would be my first question.

That's a good question.

Do you have your first question?

Locked and loaded, Ben?

Yes, indeed.

What do you got?

Okay, well, you can save it.

No, go ahead.

Tell me.

I was just going to ask him what kinds of cars he sells.

Oh, that's good.

Yeah.

Like what brand, you mean?

Yeah.

Okay, good.

Or size.

Save that.

Yeah, size.

Mid-size?

Yeah.

I think it's Grande Venti.

Grande Venti.

And small and tall.

Do you have your first question, Danny?

Yes.

What is the best animal for- For what?

For driving?

The best animal to drive a car.

Okay.

All right.

Save it.

Okay.

That'll be your first.

All right.

We all have our first questions.

He's an automobile salesman.

Please welcome Gregory Smith.

Hey, how's it going?

Look, I can answer a lot of questions right out the gate because there's a lot of questions and a lot of clarifications I got to do.

You were saying I sell automobiles, but actually I sell more than automobiles.

I sell experiences and I sell stories and I sell one automobile at a time because what I like to do is I like to trade up.

I get automobiles with stories behind them.

Like my first automobile was from a mayor, Omar Bradley, of Compton, California.

I bought his car and then I was like, oh, I can sell this.

This is a story.

This is the mayor of Compton, California.

Why did you buy it if you didn't think you could sell it?

Well, look, because I was like, I knew I focus on one thing at a time.

You just wanted to buy this.

Yeah, yeah.

I wanted to buy it, but I was like, I can sell this.

This is Omar Bradley's car.

And you know, I sold it, flipped it, sold it, flipped it.

Next thing you know, I got George Wallace's car.

I heard you talking about George Wallace.

Yeah.

I had his car.

That was a good one.

It was Cadillac Deville.

Flipped it, sold it, flipped it, sold it.

What is the flipping involved before you flip it, then you sell it, then you flip it again, then you sell it?

Yeah, yeah.

Obviously when I sell your car, I want to buy the car you had.

So like, you know, yeah, yeah, yeah.

So for example, if you, Scott or Baron, if you wanted to buy my- Don't leave Denny out of this because- That's a story I don't want.

That's a story I have.

You're not interested in his car?

I don't want that story, sir.

Okay.

No, no offenses to you and what you got going on, but those are dark stories.

I'm trying to tell happy stories.

Wow.

You have happy stories.

So when you buy a car, you're buying their story.

Oh yeah, because I have a whole process.

So when I meet, say, so I meet you and we're going to buy the car, I'm going to buy your car.

I require a three hour sit down.

Oh.

Yeah, yeah.

We sit down for three hours over- This is like talking to a minister before you get married.

But kind of, because I need to know what story I'm inheriting.

Because I can't flip a bad story.

Let me tell you.

So if we were to sit down, you would ask me what?

All of my experiences in the car?

Yeah, yeah.

Say, tell me about the time you lost your virginity.

What was that like?

Who, yeah.

Regardless of if it happened in the car or- You know, because that might lean into it.

You know how sometimes you want to take a class, you got prerequisites.

I guess, but my car right now, I've had it for about 10 years and I lost my virginity long before that.

I can't tell you how many years.

All right.

I'm somewhere between two and- All right, all right.

Well, then I'd move on to the next question.

Okay.

All right.

What do you eat for breakfast every day?

Every single, it varies.

I have to admit.

Oh, that's dangerous.

Not as much as I would like.

That's dangerous.

Do you eat the same thing for breakfast?

Oh yeah.

Every day I wake up, I eat one egg.

Raw?

Of course.

Why would you burn the minerals?

Okay.

What about the shell?

The shell, you know, you definitely want to crack that open.

Sure, but do you eat it?

Yes.

Okay, yeah.

You're saying it like it's a weird thing.

No, I was just going to say like one egg doesn't seem like enough, but the shell, okay, if you're adding the shell, then- One egg, an orange juice, and a toast.

I want one slice or a whole loaf.

What are we talking when we say a toast?

I'm talking about one slice of a toast that I can find, you know, because I'm on the road.

Because I drive around- This is road toast.

Yeah, yeah.

You said where I'm from, I'm from everywhere because I'm constantly driving.

That was going to be my first question.

Yeah, and that's why I eat the same breakfast because no matter where you go, no matter where you are on the road, you can always find an egg, some orange juice, and a toast.

And you said an orange juice before, now it's some orange juice?

This story is not adding- I may or may not be swiping some of this.

Oh.

I got to keep the overhead low.

Try to sell one car, it takes long periods of time.

Well shouldn't you be opening yourself up to other foods for breakfast then if, you know, it seems to me like if you're stealing food, you should just steal whatever you can find.

No, no, no.

Where are you consistently finding a chicken?

A chicken, what?

What?

Just swipe an egg from.

I don't- No, the egg, we get eggs.

At stores, yeah.

They sell them without the chickens.

Can you imagine if every time you had to buy an egg, you had to buy a chicken with it?

Oh, you know, there was one time I had to live with a chicken in the car.

You lived with a chicken?

Yeah, someone sold the car, they were like, if you take the car, you got to take my chicken that's in the trunk.

It was a Ford F-150.

Oh, okay.

Those are big trucks.

I know someone who would be interested in that truck.

Yeah, 1975.

Okay.

Yeah, so it had a chicken in the back and I bought that from the farmer John.

You eat farmer John?

Oh, yeah.

I mean, I've seen his picture on the packaging.

Yeah, yeah.

It's just like, obviously his grand, grand, grandson, but I call him the farmer John.

Another thing, you're really into the new Negroes.

If I told you I had a Ford Model T that was once owned by Frederick Douglass.

Wow.

Yeah.

I would find that hard to believe, but I still want to hear the story, obviously.

So obviously, that's why I took farmer John up.

I found a gentleman up north in Baltimore and I was like, hey, I sell cars with stories.

What do you got?

I was talking to him for three hours and we gets to talking.

He lost his virginity at the age of 16, right behind the soda pop stand.

And next thing you know, he's talking about how he inherited Frederick Douglass's Ford T.

And I was like- That wasn't what he was going to sell you originally.

No, no, no.

He was trying to sell me some- Some he's a shit Mazda.

Yeah, yeah.

2006 Mazda Miata.

I was like, get that out of here.

Get the fuck out of here.

I can't sell that.

Who wants a Miata?

Yeah.

I'd take a Miata.

Well, who?

I mean, yeah, this is Danny.

You'll take a Miata?

You'll take a- He's not given- You don't look like a Miata, man.

What do you think he looks like?

You look like, see, I would have probably tried to sell you that farmer John truck.

You see, you look like a man who needs to haul lots of things, maybe animals and people.

And you need a car like a Miata that small.

I'm trying to figure out your process here.

Yeah, I'm curious about that process.

It seems to me like because you say you sit down with these people to buy their cars.

You also say that you only buy cars with people that you give their cars to.

Are you just trading cars with people after a three hour sit down?

Yeah, mostly a lot of trading, but sometimes I'll get a little money.

Apparently some museum said that there's a reason they should have the Ford Model T that Freblich Drugless drove around in.

Yeah, it's a historical- I was like, okay, well, if I'm going to take your 92 Toyota Tercel, I'm going to need a little money on top of that.

How much did you get for it?

$50.

Okay.

I mean, it's not that good.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

So that's why you're keeping, it doesn't seem like you have a viable business plan.

I mean, you need to keep your overhead low because you're not making any money.

You're just wandering the country, swapping cars with people for the mere purpose of listening to them talk about losing their virginity.

Is that what it's all about for you?

I feel like me and you were not so different.

You know, you just record your conversation.

Yeah, but I'm not immediately asking people when they lost their virginity.

I mean, we'll get to it by the way.

Aaron, when did you lose your virginity?

I think I was 17.

You think you were 17?

Yeah.

Interesting.

I'm pretty sure I was 17.

Yeah, I'm pretty sure you're more like 18.

Okay, maybe it was 17.

Yeah, anytime anyone says 17, you usually add a year onto this.

Oh, is that the rule?

Yeah.

Okay.

Danny, you lose the old V card?

I haven't yet.

I'm a little boy.

That's right.

I'm so sorry.

So sorry.

By the way, you're in roughly second, third grade.

I think I'm in fourth grade.

Fourth grade?

I think my sister's in second or third.

Oh, okay.

Who's your teacher these days?

Well, sadly, a teacher of mine passed away.

I think I have some new teacher.

It's hard to get caught up with what's going on lately.

Right.

Yeah, I was confused.

You're kind of burly for a little boy.

I was like, that's a short man.

All right.

Oh, thank you.

Got some stature to you.

Appreciate it.

So you're just wandering the country, talking to people, trading cars.

Why did you get into this line of work?

Because it was ever since I first bought that first car.

And every time I would pick someone up and they'd say, oh, this is Omar Bradley's car.

They named a breakfast after him at the Roscoe's in Compton.

And I was like, that sounds like a story.

That is a story.

It's like, you can probably sell this car for more than you bought it because you have a story.

And I was like, duh.

So I went ahead and I wanted to trade these stories.

Sounds like a thing my dad would say.

But a little different.

A little different.

He had an apostrophe in his, from what I can remember.

Because eventually you're going to get a story that's the big one.

Everyone's searching for that big one.

You haven't found that one yet?

I haven't found a big one.

I mean, you had Frederick Douglass' Model T. That's huge.

Yeah, yeah.

And then they started talking about the museum, you know, it was hard debating them.

That was a six hour conversation.

Really?

Yeah.

And then they started talking about it was like the Frederick Douglass debates.

We tried to.

That's basically what I brought to the table.

I took one of his great debates and read it word for word.

And they said, no, we'll give you $50 in this Toyota Tercel.

And I took it.

Wow.

I know a good deal when I see one.

So you're waiting for your Moby Dick.

You're no pun intended with the virginity stuff, but you're waiting for to land that great big white whale.

Oh, yeah.

Of the story that's going to make you richer.

Exactly.

Because I'll know when to stop because I'll know when I can sell the car and don't need to trade a car because that's the story that's going to make me make it big.

And I'm going to go all the way back, back to Alameda Boulevard in Compton and I'm gonna buy my house back.

Oh, so this is about that.

Who was it?

No, I sold my house to buy the car that Omar Bradley had.

How much was your house worth?

Oh, my house was worth $5,000.

Okay.

What year was this?

This definitely was 1991.

Definitely.

$5,000 house in 91.

I mean, Compton, I don't really know what the market value is.

I mean, yeah, I may have undersold it, but I needed that money fast.

That car was $5,000 and he said, look, somebody else is coming to buy it.

So if I would have waited for the paperwork and all that, yeah, I could have gotten way more for it, but I needed $5,000 by 5 p.m. on that Friday.

So you got a quick close, all cash.

Quick close, yeah, all cash.

Yeah.

How long was escrow?

Oh, man.

Like an hour?

Pretty much.

They ran through it.

To be honest- Do you have time to get your stuff out or did you just sell it furnished?

Yeah, I said keep it all.

Yeah, it's like keep everything- Oh, as is.

Yeah, because once I found out this was Omar Bradley car, I was like, I can't live here anymore.

This car is going to take me around the world.

You seem to care a lot about Omar Bradley.

Yeah, you don't remember Omar Bradley though.

Yeah.

Why don't you tell me about him?

Well, he was a mayor of- You know everything about him.

When did he lose his virginity?

Oh, see, now you get into the juice.

Now you get into the juice.

Is that what he said?

Yeah, I spoke to him.

He lost his virginity in 1981 to his high school- So it's just 10 years earlier.

10 years earlier.

Wow.

To his high school sweetheart.

How long was he out of high school at that point?

Or was she in high school and he was 40?

You know I don't ask for all the details.

I just want- You could ask these details.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

He didn't want to tell either.

He just said, hey, that's all you know.

That's how you know.

So you got $5,000 for your house.

$5,000 for my house.

Did you give him $5,000 for the car?

Yeah, I gave him $5,000 for the car.

He gave it to me and I just hit the road.

I was like, now I got to find a better store.

So I told- Well, also you were homeless.

Yeah, I was homeless.

When you say hit the road, what do you mean?

You went under the bridge for a while?

No, I took that car all the way down to Florida.

Get good mileage.

Wow, okay.

Yeah, I took that car.

So then I was looking for- 3,000 miles away or something.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

So I was like, let me get in Florida.

Who knows?

Maybe I could find a car that maybe a Miami Dolphin owns or somebody big down here.

I really didn't find anyone.

There was that Miami Dolphin, the kicker, who fucked up the game, who then got some sort of, went through, transitioned I believe, and kidnapped a dolphin mascot for a second.

An investigator found her eventually.

That's right.

I remember.

An ace investigator.

Yeah, it was all in the news.

Hold on, let me write that down.

Where is this?

This is approximately 1993.

Okay, all right.

January, I believe.

About two years after you got this car.

Man, that was a missed opportunity.

That guy came after me for a little while.

Oh, really?

Really?

That investigator.

He was investigating you.

I shook him pretty quick.

Was this in Africa or in approximately 1995?

I saw this rhino that I, which for sure was not another rhino.

It had something that was animatronic about it and I got out of there.

You left Africa entirely?

Entirely.

Wow.

Okay, you were spooked.

So you were in Miami and you were looking for a dolphin.

Yeah, I was looking for maybe somebody from the Miami dolphin.

What ended up happening is I bounced around from spot to spot and eventually I found someone who I recognized.

Someone you recognized in Florida.

In Florida.

In Florida that you can say who it is.

Yeah, this was years later.

So I was in Florida from 1991 through about 2007.

That's a long time.

Without selling this car?

And this is why I eat eggs for breakfast because it takes a long time to sell a car.

You eat egg for breakfast.

Yeah, I'd eat an egg, some orange juice, and a toast.

So 16 years pass.

16 years pass.

You have the same car.

Yep.

Omar Bradley's.

I was living in the car, of course.

Stealing eggs every morning.

Whatever toast you can find, be it rye, be it wheat.

Looking for stories.

Sure.

Then officially.

You found no stories though.

No stories.

For 16 years.

16 years until there was a little pop sensation by the name of Pitbull who was starting to blow up and he needed to get rid of his car.

Mr. Worldwide.

And I was like, I'm going to sit this man down and I'm going to tell him, luckily for me, he was well versed in Compton municipalities and he was very interested in Omar Bradley's car.

So I was able to take his car.

And when did he lose his virginity?

Oh, he lost his virginity at 13.

They gave him a wild death.

Oh man, I bet.

I was like, so I can't.

Florida.

Yeah.

If I were Pitbull, although have you seen those pictures of Pitbull before he became Pitbull?

No, I haven't seen it.

He's like wearing a track suit.

Oh wow.

It's just like without the tux, he's not Pitbull.

Yeah, yeah.

When he wore full tux when I saw him, so that's the only Pitbull I know.

He was driving around in the phone.

What kind of car did he have?

Well, his car was actually pretty interesting because it was a 95 and I was like, this is kind of new for someone who's just blown up.

You know, this is 2007.

Yeah, this is 2000.

But it was new, you know, somebody who's just blown up.

Yeah.

Cause I like to keep my cars, you know, when I was normally, when I was buying cars normally, I would like to keep them five years from the year.

You were buying cars normally before this?

You know, when you're driving around, before I was a salesman.

Oh, when you were just like buying them for pleasure.

Yeah, yeah.

No, my previous life I was pre, I worked in the government.

Doing what?

The city government or?

The city government.

I worked for the Register Recorder selling birth, death, and marriage certificates.

Oh, okay.

Yeah, yeah.

It was an honest job, but I was like, there's more money out there, so why don't I spend the rest of my life trying to flip one car?

So in 2007, Pitbull has a 1995 Ford Taurus.

And I was like, let me get on that Ford Taurus.

Did they make Taurus's back in 95?

A Pitbull with a car.

It might've been under another virus.

Hey, it's answering your first question.

Not that kind of Pitbull.

Oh, okay.

We haven't gotten to your first question yet, by the way.

I don't even remember what it was.

I don't remember what it was either.

This story though is just so fascinating.

I want to figure out all the details.

So I was like, okay, I'm onto something.

I got to move quicker.

16 years was way too long.

Yeah, it's too much lag time.

Because I definitely got bought down.

I had to take no money on it.

He said it was a fair trade.

Right, it would be 2023 by the time.

That's in the future.

You need to sell more cars.

So I took that car and I drove north.

I drove up, missed 305.

Before I left, I told him one thing.

I was like, this Kodak company, they're looking for something.

Which Kodak company?

The Kodak company.

The Kodak.

The family company.

The Kodak company.

Yeah, I was like, keep your eyes on them.

And I hit the road.

You gave him stock tips?

I mean, I don't know if y'all saw that deal he had with Kodak.

I'm not sure what you're referring to.

Yeah, in one of his songs, he was like, picture that with a Kodak.

And apparently got a lot of money from Kodak.

And I was like, he took my advice.

Because not a lot of people take my advice.

Did Outkast do that with a Shake It Like a Polaroid picture?

Did they get money?

Yeah, I don't think they got paid for that.

They didn't get paid for that.

How did Mr. Worldwide get paid for just to sing it about God at last?

Well, I want to talk about things.

Yeah.

Yeah, what do you want to do?

I want to get money from something.

That's a kind of a discrepancy as far as I'm concerned.

IBM.

People should buy IBM's.

Yeah.

Wow.

So then after that, I was like, I got to move faster.

Took this, so I took my tours up to Boston, bump into none other than probably one of the best basketball players of our time, Larry Bird.

Larry Bird from the Celtics.

Wow.

You were in Pitbull's car.

Yep.

You drove it up there.

I'm running to Larry Bird.

Where did you park it?

Oh, well, I parked it in a public parking space right next to a bean factory.

And a bird playing basketball?

Wait a minute.

Different bird.

And a bird is not good to drive a car, by the way.

So you didn't park it at a Harvard yard.

Okay.

That's a no.

Okay.

Good to know.

I didn't try to do that.

I was like, what did Boston- That's the advice they give you.

Oh, okay.

Because I heard Boston's known for their baked beans, so let me go to a bean factory.

So I drove straight to a bean factory.

They weren't given tours.

Apparently that's not a normal thing.

So I'm walking down the street, kind of sad.

And I was like, okay.

Just the other day.

Yeah.

And I went, bumped into Larry Bird and he's- Bumped into him.

Bumped into him.

I mean, if he's coming at you, I mean, he was good on defense, right?

Oh yeah.

Yeah.

Like he's throwing elbows and- Oh yeah.

I might've been pushed by him.

Wow.

Did you sell it?

Yeah.

I fell on the ground.

Did you flop?

Yeah.

All right.

If we give full disclosure, I threatened to sue him because I fell into the street and got hit by a car.

And I was like, unless you trade the car with me, I'm going to the authorities.

Wow.

So you had something on him.

I had something on him.

Larry Bird.

You punched me, I'd make him go to sleep.

Fully asleep.

Yeah.

So what kind of car did Larry Bird have?

I mean, he's in retirement.

Oh, so now we're talking, we're good.

Now I'm talking about a 1999 Mercedes Benz C-Class.

So newer by four years.

Yep.

So I'm like, okay.

This is 2008?

2010?

Yeah, 2010 by this point.

Okay.

Good guess on my part.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

2010.

15 year old car, C-Class.

Yeah.

Okay.

And I'm like, okay, I'm on to something.

And when did Larry Bird lose his virginity?

Oh, Larry Bird lost his virginity.

Was it at a game?

No.

Half time?

Little known fact, Larry Bird's still a virgin.

Still a virgin.

What a nerd.

Yeah, yeah.

Larry nerd more like.

Yeah, yeah.

Larry nerd.

He was like, he was like, he said, listen here, George, how can you be as good as basketball as me and have sex?

And I was like, I can't argue with that logic.

I don't know what that means.

How can you be as good at basketball as me and have sex?

Yeah, I guess.

Because you're on the courts.

Yeah, that thing where if like you have sex, suddenly your energy is gone.

Yeah, yeah.

I mean, that's the thing.

It's like.

I mean, historically basketball players don't have much sex.

No, not at all.

I can't think of one basketball player that's ever had a lot of sex.

I mean, maybe Kobe.

Yeah.

Kind of famously.

Maybe.

Yeah.

Oh, no.

Look, I think it's all just lies from the media just to make them look cool.

Yeah.

Fake news.

I don't think any basketball player has ever had sex because how you going to be able to shoot free throws if you're in there getting your little ding-a-ling right?

You know, it's true.

I think it would get in the way of free throws because, first of all, you're like bouncing the ball.

But your boner is out.

You're going to hit it with the ball while you're bouncing it as you prepare to throw the free throw.

It makes too much sense.

Yeah.

It doesn't make any sense.

Yeah.

As far as I'm concerned.

That's what I'm talking about.

So you have Larry Bird, C class.

And then are we going to go through every car or?

Oh, no.

We could just jump down.

I got this last car.

What's the last car that you have now?

So now I have Dwayne Johnson's Lime scooter.

Dwayne, the Rock Johnson?

Dwayne, the Rock Johnson.

He was on the Lime scooter and I was like, here, I'm willing to trade you this Tesla Model 3 for that Lime scooter.

Oh, no.

Wait a minute.

But he doesn't own that scooter.

Yeah.

Is that one of those scooters you rent that you're seeing everywhere these days?

Oh, sorry.

I'm a little up there in the age.

What do you mean renting scooters?

Well, people are leaving scooters everywhere in cities nowadays.

Did it have a word on it?

Does it say bird?

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

It says lime on it.

It's a scooter?

No, no, no.

No, no.

It's a fruit that's a scooter.

Oh.

It's a Lime scooter?

Yeah, yeah.

That's a company that you rent the scooter.

And so you saw the Rock on one of those.

Yeah.

And I said, do you own that?

And he was like, yes.

And he sat down with me for three hours and in none of those three hours did he mention that he did not own, he was just real interested in trading this Tesla Model 3.

Oh, who did you get the Tesla from?

Not to go all the way back.

The Tesla goes way back to Elon Musk because, you know, on an autolase Joe Rogan experience that I was on, because talking about my story, I bumped into Elon Musk.

That might happen with this show, by the way.

My gosh.

Elon Musk, when did he lose his virginity?

And was it to Grimes?

I wonder.

Okay, well, look, so you now have a scooter that's the property of whatever company leaves a line around.

By the way, why aren't we just throwing these things into dumpsters these days?

You know what I mean?

They'll come after you.

Who will come after you?

The Limes.

You just throw it in a dumpster.

If you see one on the street, just throw it in a dumpster.

I'm telling you, they're vindictive.

Really?

And scary.

Anyway, so you have a worthless scooter that you're going to have to return to the company.

So it's been now 1991.

It's been 18 years you've been on this quest.

18 or 28?

It's been 28 years.

Yeah.

28 years you've been doing this.

And I finally got bamboos.

And you finally got bamboos.

By Dwayne Johnson.

By Dwayne the Rock Johnson, out of all people.

The star of Baywatch.

I don't know what I'm going to do.

Honestly, I was ready to come in here and hopefully sell this scooter to one of y'all.

But now that I know it's- I don't want it.

No, you're going to have to give it back.

Or throw it in a dumpster.

Either one of those things.

Denny, do you need a scooter?

Well, could you break the handle off and make it just sort of a flat board?

Yeah, he's a skateboarder.

I don't do the modifications, but I can't control the modifications that you might want to do after purchasing it.

What kind of- Are you in the market for a new skateboard?

Did you do something like land on top of a car or something?

Well, I landed on top of a car and then I think my principal took it or something.

It's hard to remember these details.

Yeah, there's so many things happened to me.

Okay, well, what would you trade me for this lime scooter?

Gosh, what about this sleeping turtle?

Oh my God, you brought a dead turtle with you?

I was on the way to the woods when I came in here.

Yeah, I'm going to have to pass.

I only trade vehicles, you know.

I mean, a turtle is kind of like the car of the animal kingdom because it's got a hard top shell.

Have you ever seen a duck ride a turtle?

That's a vehicle.

That's very true.

I think you should make this trade.

I mean, you have a worthless scooter.

You're going to have to give it back.

At least with a dead turtle, you can sell it to a museum or give it to the cops as far as evidence against Denny over here.

Or you can make some soup, which could be its own breakfast.

That's true.

I told you I only eat one breakfast, but y'all drive a hard bargain.

I got to say, I'm not involved in this, but you take, I'll take that turtle.

I'll take that turtle.

He's going to take the turtle.

Yeah, give me that turtle.

Fantastic.

You don't even have to have a three hour conversation.

Well, I feel like this felt like a three hour conversation.

All right, look, he finally took the turtle.

We're going to have to take a break.

We'll be right back with more Comedy Bang Bang after this.

Comedy Bang Bang, we are back here.

Baron Vaughn, of course, Mystery Science Theater.

Is that how's that been going?

Mystery Science Theater 3000.

I mean, there's two seasons up there on the Netflix right now.

And they're long too.

Like, well, the second part, if you will, season 12 is a little shorter than the first.

Okay.

Because I watched I started season 11.

Is that what it is?

Yes.

And every episode, every episode is like two hours long.

You might say it's unbingeable.

It kind of is unbingeable.

I mean, in a great way of like, wow, there's a lot of content there, but it's like you can't just blow through them in an evening.

But the new one is very bingeable.

Is it really?

The Gauntlet is called.

Okay.

Yes.

I gotta check that out.

Six episodes.

How long are these?

65 minutes.

65.

Okay, that's bingeable.

We also have...

Sorry, 70 minutes.

70s.

Okay, sure.

Speaking of bingeable, we also have Denny Simpson, who, his namesake has hundreds and hundreds of episodes.

It would be very difficult to binge those.

Yeah, but again, I'm not sure who these people are, but...

Right.

And we have Gregory Smith, who's an automobile salesman.

Yes, yeah.

Or more of a trader, in a way.

Sometimes money's on top.

And now he owns a dead turtle.

I promise you, next time you see me, you're going to see me in a car, because I'm going to do something with this turtle.

Okay.

Yeah.

I'm going to do something.

I believe you.

If anyone can turn a dead turtle into a car, it's you, Gregory.

I mean, yes, it took you 16 years to make your first trade, but after that you were boom, boom, boom, we didn't even have enough time to talk about every single one.

But speaking of time, it is time for one of our favorite features on the show.

It's time for a little something that we like to call Would You Rather.

Oh, all right, it's time to play Would You Rather.

We all know how this is played.

People send us Would You Rather scenarios to our Twitter, which is at CBBWIR, at comedy bang bang would you rather.

I will read it aloud.

I will then open up the floor for questions.

It's your prerogative to ask me any question that you like about either of the scenarios in order to help narrow down your choice.

At a certain point, I will close the floor for questions.

There will be no warning regarding that.

So just be warned right now.

There's never going to be a warning regarding that.

So get those questions in as soon as you can.

We'll then tally up all the points and then we'll figure out a winner.

Okay.

This comes to us from at four Washington Lane.

I think that's a reference to something I'm not sure what.

At four Washington Lane asks, would you rather have to give a toast anytime someone says have a nice day or oh, and this is working your side of the street, Gregory, sell your car for a Flintstone mobile.

Hmm.

All right.

So would you rather have to give a toast anytime someone says have a nice day or sell your car for a Flintstone mobile?

I'm opening the floor for questions.

Our winded Fred Flintstone loses virginity right out the gate.

I mean, that square jawed monster there.

I don't know.

I think that he he was probably, you know, like getting those rocks out pretty at a pretty early age, I think.

So I would say, you know, nine.

All right.

That's the story.

That's disturbing.

That's yeah.

That's the story.

Yeah.

Before he had pubes.

I mean, that's Baron's interests right there.

Not necessarily.

Show me your pubes.

I'm Baron Vaughn.

Definitely don't want that.

Are you in this reality good at giving toast?

Uh, no.

OK.

Well, are you good at giving toast right now?

Yeah.

That's why I say no.

I mean, I was saying that for you.

Me specifically.

Yeah.

You're as good at giving toast as you are.

But you know, I'm a little more interested in the other side of the equation.

Do you know who the Flintstones are?

I'm not entirely sure.

OK.

The Flintstones...

I have some neighbors that kind of have a really bad house.

It's a...

Yeah.

Kind of rundown, shoddy looking.

More rock than anything.

Yeah.

Fred?

Is that...

I think the dad might be Fred.

Yeah.

Wilma.

Wilma is definitely the wife.

Yeah.

But then there's a... next door to them, there's Barney.

Yeah.

Were they next door?

I don't remember.

Yeah.

I think they were right next door.

Were they right next door?

Yeah.

Because Barney would show up at his window, I think.

Yeah.

You got Barney, and then you got... who's Barney married to?

Betty.

Yeah, yeah.

Real Rosie O'Donnell type.

If you know what I mean.

I don't know what I mean.

I don't know what she...

I don't know what she looked like, Rosie O'Donnell.

They have a kid, right?

They do.

There's the kid, the bam, bam.

Pebbles, bam, bam.

Pebbles, yeah.

Yeah.

So that narrowing down.

It's starting to.

Yeah.

They were on prime time television for a long time.

Okay.

They were the longest running.

For a while.

Yeah.

For a while, they were the longest, but no longer.

So that's who the Flintstones are.

Oh, can I ask a question about the...

Yeah.

You don't have to ask if you can ask.

You gotta just jump in, my man.

Otherwise, this floor is gonna close.

Okay.

So how do you give this toast, does it matter where you are?

It does not matter.

Wherever you are, when someone says, have a nice day, you have to ding, ding, ding, ding, ding.

You always have to carry a spoon with you, a metallic spoon and a glass, which honestly, it has to be real glass.

So it's breaking a lot.

Anytime you forget about it, you sit down on it and you're getting glass shards up the butt.

But yeah, you gotta go ding, ding, ding, ding, ding.

And whoever is there, be it at work, be it people on the street, walking down the street just the other day, saw a pretty lady, you don't know what to say.

Regardless, whoever is around you, you have to gather everyone.

And I mean everyone.

If you're on the street, you gotta be like, sir, sir, come back here.

We're making a toast.

What about if you're in the car?

If you're in the car, yeah, driving or no, you gotta make that toast.

What's in the cup?

What are we sipping on?

Is that important to you?

What do you like?

I mean, we talked about your breakfast.

It's not orange juice.

Yeah, it's not orange juice.

Well, that was just breakfast.

For dinner, I like steak Malbec with a little chimichurri.

Where are you stealing this?

Malbec with a little chimichurri?

I love him.

Yeah, look, I skim on breakfast so I can wild out on the dinner.

So yeah, you taste like a king at night.

Yeah.

And the Flintstones car runs on foot power, yes?

Yeah.

So you would sell your car for a Flintstone car that you would have to run.

Yeah.

Which, how fast can you run?

Have you ever timed yourself?

Yeah, I'm probably about like a, I'm really fast.

I'm about a 15 minute mile.

15 minute mile?

Yeah.

Okay, so you're, yeah, you're about four miles an hour or so?

Super quick, yeah.

Yeah, I'm about 36 miles an hour or so.

So I think it's a little slow to get on the freeway.

But yeah.

Yeah.

On my skateboard, about 90.

You're 90 miles an hour on your skateboard?

That's too fast.

I'm grinding rails.

I have the quickest route possible.

You're doing hollies?

Yeah, I can do a couple of hollies.

Kickflips?

Yeah, I will kickflips.

Oh my God, it's got to be that venom in your veins.

Yeah, 90 miles an hour.

I feel sick, by the way.

Yeah, I know.

You're looking at, well, at least you got rid of that dead frog.

Oh yeah.

The turtle?

Turtle, I'm sorry.

I call turtles frogs.

Wow.

Okay.

When has the crossbar on the Flintstones Mobile been oiled?

Where has it been recently oiled?

You concerned about the oil?

Oh, you got to know about all types of cars.

How well-kempt is this car?

Yeah, well, yeah, because you got to oil the crossbar.

You don't want it squeaking.

So the stone can roll real easy.

No, it was every six months or 3,000 miles.

Oh, okay.

This sounds like a classic deal.

How much are you going to get for your own car?

Yeah, first of all, you're going to ask when the Flintstones lost their virginity, first of all, for a three hour conversation.

And then you get about $50.

Wow.

So you sell your own car for $50 and then you get the Flintstones car.

Which is, I think, some sticks, some rocks, a bit of a tarp, maybe.

Although I don't think they had necessarily, you know, woven tarp in those days.

I don't know exactly what it was, but it seemed like it had a hole in it.

Maybe a pelt is probably a pelt.

A piece of sleeping animal?

Yeah, something like that.

Yeah.

How long of a toast do you have to give?

Well, until someone cries, you have to keep going.

You have to keep giving a toast until someone cries.

Until someone, you move someone to tears.

Yeah.

That's the hard part for you guys?

Yeah, yeah.

I don't like seeing people cry.

Really?

Not even in a good way?

Yeah, no.

You ever seen a toast where someone's like, oh my God, that's so touching.

Oh yeah, yeah.

No, that feels good.

But then I'll think back to a time somebody was crying about something sad and then I'll get sad.

So I don't like it.

So that reminds you of someone crying.

Any tear.

What's the thing that, when you think of tears, what's the saddest thing that you can remember when someone's cried?

Well, when I had to hit the road and start selling this car, my kids were like, dad.

You had kids?

Whoa.

Yeah.

You left them homeless?

Now that's a story.

No, they went with their mom.

Obviously, we were divorced at the time and I was like, yo, little Bobby Joe and little Jane G's.

They're in their thirties by now, I would think.

They definitely are.

I've tried contacting them.

I've sent them friend requests on the Facebook.

Left me, did not accept.

The personal touch, and you're back in the states of California right now.

The personal touch of like rapping on their door or actually going and trying to show up and see them in person.

Well, Scott, I don't know if they have time for this old dog anymore.

Everyone needs to know their father.

Chicken around dust for a long time.

Even a certifiably insane person like yourself.

I mean, I'm sure they would want some answers, at least your medical history, so that they can talk to doctors about you.

I don't know.

So yeah.

Do you have a question, Baron?

I don't remember.

So when someone cries, then you can pack it in.

It's hard for me because I don't like being open and vulnerable.

Yeah.

What you got to do to move someone.

You have to do.

Yeah.

Try a toast right now.

See if we'll cry.

Just to test it out on us.

And this may inform your decision.

You know, sometimes they say that a group of people that are together become bonded when they've been through something.

Oh my gosh.

And I think Denny is, you can stop.

Denny is, has tiered.

I think our bond is covalent.

You can stop.

Denny is the waterworks have been turned on.

The idea of a group of people being together.

I don't know.

I mean, it's very different than knocking animals out.

Are you thinking of the bodies that you left in the woods?

I would just feel like I'm sweating.

Okay.

Oh, you're just, I should probably get him to the doctor.

You have some emotional issues as well.

But I mean, if, if Denny's around, there you go.

There you go.

That's a good question.

Can you always have a friend with you that you know will cry easily?

You can have Denny around.

Oh, okay.

Only Denny.

You hang out with Denny in this scenario.

Okay.

Sounds great.

So yeah.

So in one scenario you give a toast until someone cries and you're hanging out with Denny over here all the time.

Okay.

And in the other scenario you trade your car for the Flintstone mobile for $50.

Okay.

So I mean, you know, it's not a, don't vote yet because obviously the floor isn't closed.

We still have time to get, I mean.

I won't tell you how much time, but there is some time because the floor has not, oh, the floor is closed.

I told you there would be no warning.

All right.

We're going to vote.

Let's go around the horn.

Baron, what do you think?

I think I would sell my car for the Flintstone car.

Why?

Now why is that?

Because I drive a Honda.

Can't be any worse than that.

Is it also the hanging around with Denny part of it?

The hanging around with Denny part.

I didn't want to say it out loud because it was right.

Yeah.

And he's got a murderous, a murderous look through the door.

The tears.

Yeah, but he might be dead soon.

I mean, clearly something's going on with this.

Denny, don't have a cow.

Okay.

I'm not.

Don't, you don't have a cow, man.

All right, Denny, how are you going to vote here?

I'm going to, it's hard.

I think I'm going to go for toast.

Go for toast.

Oh, the toast.

By the way, it's not, by the way, this is going to be very hard for Gregory over here because you have toast in one scenario and you have car in the other one.

It's the two things he loves.

Two main drags.

Yeah.

All right.

So let's get to him.

Gregory, how are you voting?

This is Sophie's choice here.

This is the Gordian knot.

This was hard because when I heard a toast, I was real excited, but I realized that you meant a toast like the activity you do at maybe a wedding or, or a mass promotion.

Well, in that scenario, you guys didn't ask about it, but you have a constant supply of toast.

So that's going to make it a little harder for you.

This free toast for life.

For life.

Wow.

Yeah.

It's only by a small margin because I was definitely- Did you say margarine?

That goes great on toast.

Because I was going with the toast, I was ready to go, but then I remembered that my current car is a dead turtle.

And so I was like, that definitely- That's a good trade.

Yeah.

That's a good trade right there.

And they have a great story.

I mean, they were on for a long time.

They have a really funny story.

Yeah.

No, that's the car I'd try and sell for a million dollars.

All right.

Well, let's tally up the points.

So, Baron, you voted for the car and Gregory, you also voted for the car.

And let's see, Denny, you voted for, what did you vote for again?

The toast?

You voted for the toast.

I figured, I know I'm pretty bad at giving toast, but I'll get better.

You'll get better.

It's a learning experience for you.

Not much practice.

Yeah.

You might be the best at it by the end of your life.

A toast master even.

Yeah.

Denny the toast master.

Yeah.

In any case, let's see, if you vote for Flintstone, you get one point.

If you vote for toast, you get two points.

Okay.

You're our winner, Denny.

Wow.

Congratulations.

And that's how we play Would You Rather.

I can't believe it.

You won.

You're crying still.

Well, I think the snake venom is getting to me a little bit.

Yeah.

Gosh.

Wow.

That was a competitive game.

Very.

And Gregory, I got to say, you have the wisdom of Solomon with that.

You weighed both.

And this is a very tough one for you.

Both parts of those babies.

Yeah.

That baby.

Oh, yeah.

I know.

Now I'm thinking I need to get some more toast.

You know, yeah.

Well, you know, this was all just fun and games.

You didn't actually trade your dead turtle.

Wait, what?

This is just, it was a fun game that we played.

You didn't literally trade a dead turtle.

I don't play those kind of games, Scott.

I don't want the words that come out of my mouth is real.

All right.

All right, Gregory.

I'm just saying, you know, we were, it's like when you play Risk, you don't, you know, annex, you know, Russia yourself.

You don't get to keep Russia.

You know.

Are you going to be okay?

Are you all right?

Now you're crying.

Put it out.

I don't know.

Because I thought my life changed back then.

I was like, this is it.

This is it.

I got the big one.

It did change.

I thought I had the big one.

Dead turtle changed previous to the game.

Yeah, but I thought I had the big one.

Now I'm going to take.

It's a pretty big turtle.

I'm going to take this turtle.

And next time you see me, I promise you're going to see me in something nice and I'm going to be riding in it.

Yeah.

And I might just sell it.

Until then you can try to ride this turtle, although it seems immobilized.

Yeah.

So when does it wake up?

Turtles wake up, they sleep for about six hours, I would say.

All right.

And in this, we're going on 12 here, but it's going to wake up anytime soon.

I doubt that turtle is going to wake up.

Yeah.

I don't know about that.

Look, we're running out of time ourselves.

Speaking of which, but we have time for one last feature on the show and that's a little something called Plugs.

You could use this time to educate and pave the way.

But if you need to pluck some stuff, I guess it'll be fine.

That was beautiful.

That was Don't Waste This Plug Time by A Shiny Object.

Oh, they've submitted before.

Very good.

All right.

What do we plug in?

Baron?

Me?

Me.

April 19th at 11.

April 19th, just a few short days away.

Boy, I'm counting the days.

It's a good show.

I saw the first one and you should too because I laughed and it's got some great people on it.

So check that out.

All right, Gregory, what do you plug in here?

You got a turtle.

Yeah, I got this turtle.

I got to tell you, the last time I was in a PC cafe, because I go there to check my emails to see if my kids have accepted my friend request.

Still not.

I went to this site called twitch.tv and there's a guy on there, IFDEZ, I-F-D-E-E-Z.

He's a real funny guy.

I really enjoyed him.

That's a funny name because it's like Dee's nuts or whatever.

Is that what he's trying to imply?

Literally everyone who enters that man's chat says that.

But it really is just a play on when that guy, IFFE, his mom used to call him IFDOG and then when Snoop Dogg started doing the Dizzle Shizzle, he was like, oh, I guess I'll update it to IFDEZ and that's just been his gaming name forever.

Okay.

Interesting.

Yeah.

You're a fan of this person.

Oh yeah.

I'm a fan of him.

He has a podcast called Nerdificent that drops on Tuesdays and Candy Dinner with Matt Apodaca on Mondays.

Cool.

Yeah.

He's a cool guy.

You should follow him.

And if you need to buy a turtle, email me at Gregory.

You have a car and need to buy a turtle.

You wouldn't take money for this turtle.

Yeah, sorry.

A car.

By the way, I have $10,000 that I'm willing to give you for this turtle.

But no vehicle?

I can't give the vehicle.

I have no way home.

Then I'm going to have to pass on it.

Okay.

All right.

So just find me.

All right.

We were playing.

It was another round of Will He Take the Turtle?

And I unfortunately do not get the turtle.

That's one of our favorite features on the show.

Look, just Gregory G 123 ABC at Gmail.

Find me there.

Gregory G ABC 123 at Gmail.

Send me your offers.

I need to see a picture of the car before I find my way out.

And you'll send back a picture of the turtle.

Yeah, I'll send back a picture of the turtle.

Okay.

And it will be a unique picture.

It'll be a unique picture.

Not to say you're not going to reuse the same picture of this turtle.

I'm going to show different angles because I'm sure this turtle's going to change.

Good.

All right.

And I want to plug, let's see, I'll be at Clusterfest.

There will be a live comedy bang bang at Clusterfest in June.

That'll be fun.

June, I think June 22 or 23, something like that.

So check us out there.

I'm also doing a live.

Are you talking to REM Reemie out there with Adam Scott?

Okay.

And Denny, what do you plug in here?

Oh, I'd like to plug a show called Troopers on College Humor's subscription service dropout.

I think the second episode came out today.

Okay.

I was underneath a house.

Tax Day?

Yeah.

A tax day special, if you will.

I was under a house and it was playing.

It seemed fun.

Okay.

You ever see like a wicked witch under a house?

Often.

That would be another genre of person that you got the animal control people, the plumbers, wicked witches.

And wicked witches.

It's one of the three, usually.

Yeah.

Interesting.

So that's the only thing you're plugging.

Yeah.

And then, you know, Asian AF at UCB theater.

What about Sunday nights?

Anything on Sunday nights on a television station?

Well, my family kind of hangs out and, you know, we're on around dinner time on Sundays.

We're really on.

We usually tell a pretty concise story with a lot of jokes.

Okay, great.

All right.

So check that out.

All right, let's close up the old plug bag.

Open up the bag.

Oh, yes.

Could be twice as long now.

I'm enjoying it so much.

I really turned a corner on that.

By the way, I'm going to give you an extra plug outside of our plugs.

What was that email address again?

It was Gregory?

Gregory G.

G, ABC 123.

Yeah, I've misread it.

Gregory G 123 ABC at gmail.com.

Send us a picture of your car and you'll send back a unique picture of a dead turtle.

Yes.

Okay.

And that's a promise.

That's a promise.

All right, very good.

Guys, I want to thank you so much, Baron.

Always great to see you.

Good to see you, Scott.

And Gregory, good luck with your journey.

And by the time I see you next, you'll be on riding around in something else, I hope.

I guarantee it, Scott.

Okay.

You have all color has dropped out of your body.

I'm feeling like I need a ride to the hospital.

I'm sorry.

All we have is a dead turtle here.

Can I get a ride?

Yeah, I'm going to try and start it up after this.

How are you going to do that?

Are you going to stick something in it?

You got to pull the ripcord.

Yeah, yeah.

You got to tickle the sides.

Okay.

All right.

We'll see you next time.

Thanks.

Bye.

Heroes!
