♪ Comedy Bang Bang ♪ Deep sea fish I impregnate, but don't call me late when it comes to the fish filet.

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang and thank you to Cocaine Buffet.

Oh, what an interesting catchphrase, uh, Namer.

I should have said username.

Cocaine Buffet, thank you for that and welcome to Comedy Bang Bang for another edition.

We are coming up, this is, I believe, episode 598 and April 22nd.

In case anyone is wondering both the date and what number episode this is, I got you covered and welcome to the show.

Scott Aukerman here for another week and we have an incredible show today.

I, I know I say that every week and I don't mean it every week.

And I know sometimes when I say I really mean it this time, I don't even mean it this week.

But this week, God, it's so good.

It's so good.

You got to hear the show this week.

And I do mean it this time.

And I know that sometimes when I say I do mean it this time, I actually don't mean it.

But this is one of the times that I actually mean it because listen to this lineup that we have.

A little bit later on the show, we have a secret shopper.

Amazing.

How many times do you get to hear an interview with a secret shopper?

I mean, this is incredible.

Plus, we have Nikki Sixx from Motley Crue.

So that's very he's third guest.

So but first first guest, obviously a way bigger guest than either of those two is a, you know him as an actor, you know him as a comedian, you know him as a cast member of the television show that's on Saturday nights.

Uh, that's live whose name is escaping me.

Um, and he has a new show called I think you should leave with Tim Robinson.

It is no surprise to you that I have Tim Robinson here.

Welcome to him.

Hello.

Hey, what's up?

Thanks for having me.

You got talking to that mic, bro.

Too close.

I can go quite close.

Oh, you gotta go way close.

No, no, no.

Go super close.

This close that that exactly that close.

That's the sweet spot.

Okay.

No closer than this.

Uh, can you go one millimeter closer right here?

There we go.

Do you want me to push it towards you?

No, no, no, I'm fine now.

Now right now it looks at your lunging at it.

Is that going to be comfortable?

No, it'll be fine.

It will be fine.

Yeah, these are different than the microphones that one uses that pick up stuff from far away.

These are different.

Like these are closer ones.

These are closer mics.

Okay, Tim, it's so good to see you.

It's great to see you buddy.

First time on the show.

You've never done the show before.

And people know you from that.

I didn't know how the mics work.

Yeah, exactly.

Usually we take care of all of this beforehand, but I was like, you know what?

Tim's a professional.

No, I'm not.

I'm actually not.

I mean, I've worked with him on the Michael Bolton special.

I've seen him on.

No mics involved in that.

Not even Bolton.

No, no, he was CGI'd.

Yeah, he was CGI'd in there.

Couldn't make it.

Tim, it's so good to see you.

I of course, worked with you on the Bolton thing and you were on the comedy bang bang television show once or twice.

I can't recall.

Was it once?

Just once.

Yeah.

Now there's a story about your appearance on that show that I want to see if it is correct.

So I don't mean to put you on the spot.

Sure.

I don't mean to sit you down forcibly into a hot seat.

You know, that wouldn't be enjoyable for each of us.

No, no.

But I do want to ask you about your appearance on the show because there was a story that your colleague and coworker and co-star on that episode, Bob Odenkirk told me, I believe when you were filming it that I wanted to check to see if it is correct.

He, you, you play, do you remember the bit that you, that you played?

You were a comedy team where one of you was a ghost.

Yeah.

And yeah, I don't, I think that was it.

I think that may have been it.

Yeah.

So I believe while you were filming it and to see if this checks out, Bob turns to me and said, yeah, yeah, yeah, Tim and I, you know, Tim, I was saying like, Tim, you got to do this show and we were trying to come up with a bit and you know, we were trying to come up with something and I was like, no, no, it's a stupid show.

You just like, I don't know.

You're, it's just dumb.

You're like a ghost or something.

And then, and then you said, okay, that's going to be the bit.

That, that is right.

Yeah.

He called me and he's, and I said, well, what kind of, he's like, do you want to, you usually have to do the show with me?

And I said, well, what's the sort of stuff they do?

And he's like, you know, like you go on and you say, yeah, I'm a old comedian and my partner died.

Now he's a ghost, stupid stuff like that.

And he was very clear about how stupid the show was.

Like dumb stuff, stupid stuff like that.

And I was like, well, okay.

Yeah, that sounds pretty good.

Let's just do that.

He's like, just that one?

Okay.

First thought, best thought?

Yeah.

God damn it.

Yeah.

Bob, while he was filming it, told me how stupid the show was.

Classic Bob.

But that was a very funny bit.

I believe season two or something like that.

You were a ghost.

We did special effects.

Yeah.

That was fun.

Like you disappeared in the middle of it or something.

Ah, I think, yeah, that we had to do something where I don't remember.

I don't remember either.

I'm so glad that you don't remember.

And I don't remember it puts us at equal footing in regards to remembering.

Yeah.

It just shows Bob's first ideas aren't that memorable.

Yeah.

If it was a really super memorable thing, you would have, you know, like come up, like done at least three drafts.

It would have been an all timer.

Yeah.

Right.

Now, Tim, you have this new show of which, by the way, and I don't mean to brag, but I've seen two episodes.

Oh, yeah.

Very cool.

Yeah.

How did you see those?

Well, I'll tell you a little story because I interviewed, I believe, Maria Bamford, rather, an old friend of mine whose name I can't recall regarding her Netflix show, Ms. Dynamite.

Yeah.

They, they, I've been on the Netflix press email list for half a decade at this point.

Oh my God.

To the extent where now I receive 20 emails from Netflix a day regarding their current releases, upcoming releases, their announcements, press opportunities for people to, for me to interview, the majority of which I'm not interested in at all.

But the other day, about a week ago, they sent me an email saying that your show was coming out and that there are press opportunities and you were already booked on this show.

Uh huh.

I booked, this was through, through mutual friends.

Yes.

We booked you.

And so I wrote back to them and I said, Hey, I'm interviewing Tim next week.

Could I get episodes of the show?

And they wrote back within 15 seconds.

This is how thirsty they were.

Yes, of course, these episodes are in your folder.

Oh my God.

And I said, and I wrote back immediately within, because that's how thirsty I am within those 15 seconds.

I said, great.

It's been five years, maybe since I accessed the press folder.

How do you do it again?

Never heard from them again.

What?

So I had to call Akiva Shaffer, one of the producers.

I said, Hey, how do I see the show?

And he sent me two.

Oh my God.

But so wait, what is this email you're on that you get?

They know you're on it, right?

You're not like on there by an accident.

No, I, because I have this show where I interview people, you know, that's technically it's a media outlet.

I get it.

Okay.

Because last night I got an email that I'm accidentally on for, uh, it's a new show coming.

I don't want to say what it is.

I don't want to get in trouble, but it's a cool show that, and they were like, Hey, we're thinking about ending the second act now with this.

I don't want to ruin it, but it's like a major plot point.

And I'm not supposed to be on this email.

So wait, this was an email to producers of this show.

Yeah.

Oh, and they're like, they're talking about like a major plot point that you could spoil right now.

I could, but I don't know what's happening because it's going to be the first season of this show.

I say spoil it.

I don't want to.

Look, there must be like a Tim Ribbonson or Tim Robbins or something that they accidentally, you know, put you on the email or something.

Maybe.

I don't, I don't know.

Now I've gotten like 15 of them.

Like, Oh, that's going to be cool.

That's going to be great.

Then they're sending like sketches of what the thing is going to look like when they do it.

There's a thing in this show?

Yeah.

I don't want, I'm not giving any information because I don't want anybody in trouble, but I, I want to write, I'm so deep now.

If I write like guys, I'm, I'm not supposed to see this.

They're going to be like, fuck, you got to rewrite everything.

They're going to make you sign an NDA retroactively.

I guess I could blackmail them and be like, well, you could like, I'll sign this NDA for $200.

Oh man.

I got to know what this show is.

Once the mics go off, I'll tell you, I, I feel, I don't want to get whoever the person is who made the mistake.

I don't want them to get in trouble.

Sure, sure, sure.

But this, now this is a, it's safe to say that this is your show is a sketch show.

Is that, you know, I, I also, or it's a thing.

Would you prefer I be as vague as you?

No, you could be.

How was I vague?

About the other person's thing.

Oh, yeah.

That's just cause I don't want to get them in trouble.

Right.

I don't want to get you in trouble though.

So should I be vague?

No, you can be.

It's a sketch show.

Yeah.

You, I've seen the two episodes and it's you doing sketches, but then sometimes you're not in the sketches, but it has your voice.

It's sort of like, is the common thread that you wrote all the sketches?

Me and yeah, Zach Cannon.

Mm-hmm.

Yeah.

A friend of mine from SNL.

And how, look, sometimes when you go out there with a sketch show, you're like, well, really all the sketches are about, you know, thematically blah, blah, blah.

Right.

I don't know.

Would you say anything like that because to me it was just the through line was funny.

Oh, no, I, there is, there's a theme.

What's the theme?

Well, the theme, does it tie into the title?

Kind of.

Do you leave at the end of each show?

I didn't, I didn't watch through the end of the credits.

That would get, that would get, yeah, no, I don't.

The theme is basically, and it's not even like a, it's the thick, the, I think you should leave comes from like, I feel like there's always a point in like every sketch where someone's like, okay, look, you've been weird enough.

I think you should leave.

And it's just kind of something that people always write into sketches.

The tipping point of your weirdness has occurred.

Yes.

Okay.

Yeah.

We've heard about enough.

And once you say that, they're definitely not leaving for a little while.

For another, yeah, three minutes or so.

Three more beats.

Yeah.

So that's where the name came from.

But the show is basically about, the theme is people getting very mildly embarrassed and then not, not getting really angry to defend themselves and making the situation much, much worse for themselves when they just could have admitted that they made a mistake, but instead they dig in and that's not every sketch, but the majority of them.

So it's almost a, kind of a, how to, but how not to act.

People can, it's instructional in a way of like, if you're ever in this situation, you should do the opposite of what, of this.

Yeah.

I guess it's all the bad parts in like a training video of like, this is how you not handle the situation.

Dumb Donald handles.

Yeah.

And you're dumb Donald.

I'm dumb Donald.

Yeah.

I did notice the other through line is, Mud Pies and, what were the other ones?

There's like three phrases that are mentioned all the time.

Mud Pies, Chode.

Chode.

Yes.

That was it.

Um, there's, there's got, there's probably more.

There's like, yeah, there's maybe one or two more that I noticed in at least three different sketches.

Huge Mud Pies and Chode.

Yeah.

And Perfect Chode.

Perfect Chode.

Yeah.

Perfect.

And when you say Perfect Chode, oh, Tuna Can.

Yeah.

Perfect.

Little Tuna Can.

Chode and Tuna Can go together.

They're the same thing.

Yeah.

But Tuna Can is a Perfect Chode.

Is a Perfect Chode.

Yeah.

Uh, well, it's a really funny show.

I really enjoyed it.

Thanks, man.

How many episodes are there?

I saw two.

Six.

I wish I could have seen those other four.

Netflix only would have, I mean, Akiva only had these two and they were unfinished.

That's the other thing.

They had like temp, temp dialogue in them.

Temp dialogue.

Yeah.

Oh, that's all changed.

And I was like sitting there judging the temp dialogue going like, well, honestly, I would change this.

Oh, wow.

Now that I know it's temp.

I wish I would have known.

Yeah.

But I'm going to watch them all straight through.

And these are kind of short episodes, right?

They're like 20.

15 to 18 minutes.

Yeah.

Great.

Good stuff.

I really recommend it.

You know, a big fan of Detroiters.

I've mentioned every time I see you, which and Sam when he was on the show a couple of months ago.

Wish that was still going on.

Yeah, we do too.

Yeah, that sucks, right?

We do too.

It does suck.

Yeah.

Why don't you just do like 40 episodes a year or that?

I would love to.

It's not my decision.

Well, find some independently wealthy eccentric millionaire who just pays you to do that.

I guess this could be the blackmail for the email.

I'm on.

Yes.

They obviously work for a pretty big network.

Netflix.

We already.

Yeah, you gave them.

No, it's not.

No, it's not Netflix.

It's not Netflix.

Well, then who?

It's a completely different.

I'll tell you the network.

Okay.

Tell me the network.

It's the CW.

Holy fucking shit.

I've never done anything on the CW.

I have no idea why I'm getting these emails.

To me, it's obvious that it's someone you worked with who has you in their email contacts list and has accidentally put you on.

And meanwhile, there's a Tim Robbins or whatever who's not receiving these emails going, guys, can I get on this?

This chain has no idea.

It's going to show up on set.

But you changed everything.

Well, if you're Johnny CW or Michigan J. Frog or whoever runs it over there, I think he might still.

Yeah.

I don't know if he retired to be with his baby or.

Oh, did he have a child?

I didn't know he had a baby.

I just mean, he's always singing about his, you know, hello.

Hello.

My baby.

Is he talking about an actual baby?

He's talking about his baby.

Yeah.

A tadpole.

Oh, my God.

Yeah.

That would be so adorable.

The general, like Michigan J. Frog babies.

Michigan J.

You know how Muppet babies?

Yeah.

Oh, they're all just little tadpoles.

They're all just like versions of him with the little tiny tuxedos.

Yeah.

Oh, my.

Can you imagine the tuxedo?

I'm more excited about the tuxedos.

Do they do the same thing as him?

Because originally he was shy.

He was shy.

And he would.

Yeah.

Until someone, until anyone other than his owner would leave the room.

Not even his owner.

Just a construction worker who found him.

Right.

Yeah.

Well, I mean, if you find something, I think you own it.

Yeah.

Possession is nine tenths of the law, from what I've been told.

I don't know.

It's that other tenth, though.

I don't know if he owned him.

I'm not saying he owned Michigan J. Frog.

He, what do you mean?

He obviously owned him.

He carried him around with him.

He found him doing construction and exploited him.

Yeah.

But if someone were to come up to him and say, hey, give me that frog, who has the rights to the frog?

Well, what's the concern?

Nobody owns a frog.

Well, so if some, if, okay, say you're the construction worker.

Okay.

And you have Michigan J. Frog in front of you.

Okay.

And I come up to you and I say, give me that frog.

And I grab it.

What do you do?

Well, and I already know he's Michigan J. Frog and he can sing and dance.

Yeah.

I say, hey man, look, this, this frog can, I know he's not doing anything now, but he can, why do you even want him?

You don't even know what he does.

I do.

You don't have to know why I want him, nerd.

So you're just bullying me?

Yeah.

You just shut the fuck up and take it.

See you later.

I guess that guy has that frog now.

I don't know what I do because now we have to fight.

I can't call the cops and say, this guy took a frog.

Oh, you want to fight me?

I guess I got to fight you.

All right, let's fight.

Here, I'll put the frog in the middle.

Take the frog.

Run.

So, and then I'm too slow to catch up to you.

It's up to you.

I took the frog and I ran.

Okay.

Let me roll for it to see how fast I can run.

All right.

Let's see.

All right.

I rolled a three.

Oh, that's terrible.

Okay.

All right.

So now what happened?

Okay.

So I'm unable to catch you.

Uh huh.

Okay.

So now I, I, I have to try to take it to entertainment places to exploit the frog.

Okay.

So you need to roll to see how able you are to exploit him.

So what'd you roll?

Eight is the eight.

Eight?

Yeah.

On 24 side die.

These are low numbers.

So you, uh, you, uh, reveal the frog and, uh, people are disinterested.

Yeah.

Cause he's not doing what I say.

Yeah, exactly.

Yeah.

I leave the frog.

Where do you leave the frog?

Outside of the manager, the Hollywood manager's place.

The Hollywood manager.

Whoever I was showing it to, I leave it outside the, Oh, I see.

Not like a, not a apartment building manager.

No, no, no.

Like a big time Hollywood.

Big time Hollywood.

Okay.

All right.

So you just leave it there.

Yeah.

All right.

I come in and I grab the frog.

That's yours, man.

He doesn't, he doesn't do, he doesn't do what you want him to do when you want him to do it.

I don't want him to do anything.

I don't know why you want this frog.

If you don't know what he does.

I run away.

It's I was going to leave him.

It's gone.

You is yours now.

You own him.

I own him, but I just found him.

This is my point.

See, I knew I could trap you.

You got me.

Yeah, I got you so good.

Well, Tim, I think everyone should watch this show.

This is, look, if you love to laugh.

Sure.

You know what I mean?

Lihan, who doesn't love to laugh?

Sure.

I don't know.

Have you ever met anyone who doesn't love to laugh?

Um, who doesn't love to laugh?

Let me amend it.

Have you met anyone who doesn't like laughing?

I probably, but we never got to that in our relationship to that.

When do you think you should get to that in a conversation?

Third date?

I've been married to my wife for a long time.

I've never asked her if she loves to laugh.

How long have you been married?

Like, uh, maybe 14 years, 13 years.

13 or 14 years?

This is year five.

Should I go home tonight and be like, do you love to laugh?

I think that would be...

Just answer the question, do you love to laugh?

What do you think she would say?

I'll do it.

I'll record it.

I'll secretly record it.

We'll drop it in.

And then you can play it.

Okay, so we're going to play this right now.

This is Tim asking his wife if he loves, if she loves to laugh.

And I'll hide the, I'll hide the, the, the recorder.

Yeah.

So you'll get an honest reaction.

Honest reaction.

Here we are.

This is Tim has, has done this in the future and emailed it and we've edited it in.

This is Tim's wife and her reaction to him asking, do you love to laugh?

Great.

Heather, do you love to laugh?

Do you love to laugh?

Huh?

You do love to laugh?

Can you stop please?

Wow.

I cannot believe it.

I mean, I haven't heard it yet, but that's an amazing answer.

Wow.

I think, do you think this changes your relationship at all?

I didn't, I didn't expect, I mean, that was, I didn't expect you to break down and, and, and thank me for finally asking.

Breaking down those walls.

I thought he would have asked on the first date.

That's a third date question.

Well, look, if you, if you do love to laugh and you know anyone who does love to laugh, they should watch, uh, I think you should leave with Tim Robinson, probably searchable just on Tim Robinson.

If you're in Netflix, probably searchable on leave.

You know, I'm trying to think of like, what's the least amount of letters you could put into the search in order for it to pop up.

Is it too long?

No, it's not too long.

I just, you know, you know how, when you're like, God, I don't want to type all of that.

Maybe if I just put L E A V, it'll pop up in the top, like four searches or something.

On Netflix, you're talking about?

On Netflix.

Yeah.

Probably right.

I think so.

Maybe R O B I N like, you know, Rob, then Batman and Robin might come up.

A lot of Batman Robin stuff.

Yeah.

You're going to get Tim Robin stuff.

Right.

Yeah.

From the CW.

From the CW, you can get all that stuff.

Right.

Well, we need to get to our next guest and I, I hyped him up a little bit.

And are you excited about this?

Have you ever spoken to a secret shopper?

No, you can't.

You can't find them.

You can't.

They're secret.

Yeah, exactly.

Well, he is, uh, um, I have no information about him, but apparently has been a secret shopper for a period of time and we'll be speaking to him about it.

Please welcome the super secret shopper.

Hello.

How are we doing?

Hello.

Didn't expect him to sound like that.

Yeah, that's kind of a, Oh, I'm just your average guy.

I'm just an average guy.

Nobody really knows who I am.

You know what I mean?

I'm not going to come in conspicuous.

So yeah.

How did you expect him to sound more, more, more stealthy, more secret, more secretive, like whispering or something smoother, maybe.

Yeah.

Smooth, smoother, like smoother, like a radio DJ or just, yeah, just, yeah.

Smoother, like smooth.

Like, yeah.

Like, like, could you imitate?

Yeah, sure.

Uh, introduce me as a secret.

Uh, please welcome the super secret chopper.

Hello.

Not bad.

Yeah.

I see that.

You know what I mean?

But you don't have a voice like that.

Nope.

Yeah.

Pretty regular guy.

Regular guy.

Yeah.

I started sort of low key and then everyone goes, why is this guy being so low key?

You know what I mean?

What's the secret here?

You tried it.

I tried it.

Yeah.

And everyone goes.

Like your first day?

Yeah.

First day I came in, you know, at secret chopper, I come in in a trench coat, low hat, you know, sunglasses indoors.

How low was this hat?

It was very low.

It was set a top of my- All the way down to your knees?

Yes.

It was set a top of my head and then tilted down until it covered my nose.

Oh, okay.

And then someone said, hey, that's a nice smile.

And I said, it's not low enough.

Yeah.

So then I got a larger hat.

But you got that compliment from it.

That's nice.

That's right.

That's gotta feel good.

You do have a nice smile, by the way.

Thank you so much.

Yeah.

That's sort of how I bring them in, lull them into being like, yeah, no one's judging you right now.

Have you had your teeth worked on?

Those are like very, very straight and bright.

Thank you for noticing.

Yeah.

These are all fakes.

They are.

Every single one?

Yes.

These are 32 fake teeth.

32?

You did the back?

You don't have to do the back.

Oh, no, you do.

You do.

I just wanted to make sure I was thorough when I was- Are you going to get those pulled like eventually?

Like you got fake wisdom teeth?

I did get fake wisdom teeth.

It was a pretty invasive procedure.

You had them put in.

You had the fake ones that they put up in the gums.

Yeah.

Well, I didn't have my wisdom teeth pulled in the first place.

So I had them pull all of my teeth to create the empty space.

And then I had to have them inject them back in.

What happened to your teeth, if you don't mind me asking?

I mean- Nothing.

Nothing.

You just wanted- I just wanted to look really nice.

How did they look before?

Um, kind of coffee stained.

Oh, okay.

Do you drink a lot of- Just kind of?

Kind of.

Well, they were brown.

They were full brown.

Do you drink a lot of coffee or- Yes.

You do?

Okay.

I drink a lot of coffee because if the waiter doesn't come, you know, fast, usually I'm secret shopping restaurants, things like that.

I'll just sip coffee until they do bring a menu.

Oh, okay.

Because I don't ask.

I don't tell them how to do their jobs.

Don't ask, don't tell.

Yeah, exactly.

Exactly.

So you're just like downing coffee usually.

Yes.

And if a waiter doesn't come soon enough, let's get to the secret shopper part of it.

Some of the reviews are food never came, was never offered anything but coffee.

And that's a fail.

Wow.

That's a big fail.

Yeah.

It happens quite a bit.

It does.

Yeah, it does.

You know.

Do you get upset when they don't offer you coffee?

Because that's, it seems like that's what you love.

I don't really get upset.

None of this really bothers me.

Oh, really?

It's my job.

You're just passionate about this.

You don't have a stake in the game.

You don't want them to do well.

You don't want them to do poorly.

No.

Yeah.

I don't care.

I'm, you know, an important part of it is sort of keeping an even mind.

You know what I mean?

You're going to all these different restaurants, the mall, security stations, whatever it is.

Whoever you're dealing with, they could be crazy.

And that's part of the report.

Okay.

So I really have to keep an even tone.

How long have you been doing this?

32 years.

No promotions, no demotions.

Perfect.

For you?

For me?

Yes.

Oh, okay.

Yes.

There may have been promotions or demotions depending upon your reports.

Who knows?

Yeah, who knows?

But that's not, you don't, you don't follow up or anything.

No, no, no.

I send in my report digitally from my phone.

Okay.

And ones and zeros.

Wow.

Yeah.

I have to know the computer's language.

That's a big part of it.

Cause I'll review a computer too.

Cobalt?

Oh, you've reviewed computers.

I've reviewed computers.

Yeah.

I'll do Microsoft.

I'll do Apple.

That's all I know.

Okay.

Oh, you just know those two brands?

Yeah.

Asus is another computer I've heard of.

You've heard of it, but never...

I haven't been, yeah, bought.

Bought?

What'd he say?

Paid to review them.

It's bought.

Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.

So you've been doing this 32 years.

I wouldn't think you're that old of a guy, but I guess maybe it's your teeth throwing me off because those are new.

Yes.

These are brand new.

These are porcelain.

Do they stain?

Will you have to eventually replace those?

Yeah, unfortunately they will stain.

Oh, okay.

You know how your toilet will sort of get like a little ring around it or your bathtub will get a ring or something?

Same thing's going to happen with my teeth.

I'm going to have a ring right across the middle.

Halfway, halfway.

Just like your mouth is a toilet almost.

Yeah, kind of.

That's what the dentist said and I gave him high marks for it.

I was reviewing the dentist.

You were reviewing him?

Yeah.

Oh, I'll review, you know, pretty much anybody.

Did you get all these teeth then for free because you were a secret chopper?

Yes, absolutely.

Oh, that's what a sweet deal.

Yeah.

Well, that's the thing.

I sort of kept asking him, you know, anything else I need, you know, just sort of are you thorough or are you sort of a wham bam thank you, sir kind of thing, you know, whatever it is.

And this dentist was thorough, so I got all new toilet teeth.

Wow.

Dentists call them toilet teeth.

And that's what I said is like, I don't know that I want toilet teeth, you know?

And he said, oh, that's just what we call them because they're porcelain.

They're true porcelain.

They're from a toilet.

Oh, it's from a toilet.

It's from an old toilet.

Yeah.

Well, he told me these were from a new toilet, but they didn't taste brand new.

Right.

They tasted like they had sort of been used a little bit.

Okay.

Did you give him marks lower for that?

I did.

He got a 94.

Oh, he got a 94 out of 200.

200.

Okay.

That's not good.

Yeah, it's not great.

Yeah.

Just for the toilet teeth part of it?

Well, I came in for a cleaning.

Right.

And, you know, so I walked out with toilet.

Yeah, I walked out with toilet teeth.

All new clean.

He pulled all of your teeth right there in the moment.

Yes.

And gave you all that.

Well, that's part of the thing.

It's not necessarily that you dictate the service you're supposed to get.

You're just supposed to comment on the service you got.

So, you know, great mics, by the way.

Lovely water here, Scott.

Oh, you're getting reviewed.

You're getting reviewed, dude.

No, no, no.

That's not part of it.

I mean, yeah, you're not reviewing us, are you?

No, I mean, it's only for like, you know, big companies and places with, you know, lots of people who come in all the time and want to know if things are up to snuff.

You know what I mean?

Okay.

Well, then that doesn't describe this company then, certainly.

Okay, great.

I'm put at ease.

Yeah, good.

Um, so now how, how often do you do this?

Is this a daily thing?

Are you eating out every single meal or?

I try to, I try.

It's pretty low pay, but you get a lot of free things.

So the real benefit of the job is you don't have to open your wallet.

You know what I mean?

You go to a restaurant, you get a free meal.

You go to the dentist, you get your teeth.

What do you mean?

Like, because do you just walk out of the restaurant?

Yeah.

I'm a super shopper, so I don't have to pay.

I thought they gave you a credit card, like a company credit card that you pay with, but you're saying you don't open your wallet at all.

You just walk out.

Thought about it, I guess.

I guess I just figured, yeah, I'm done.

And he said, thank you, dropped off the check.

And that's where I did.

They ever chase you or anything?

I haven't chased a few times and I, yeah, that's great service.

It's really great service.

They really, really following up.

Yeah.

They're saying a big thank you or I can't quite hear them, but I assume it's like a thing.

Okay.

So do you ever return to any of these places or?

Yeah.

Different disguise.

Oh, wow.

Typically now I'm sort of in like the norm core thing.

The big disguises weren't working.

What were some big disguises you tried?

Well, I had the neighborhood watch guy that I was talking about earlier.

It was supposed to be the guy from the neighborhood watch with the silhouette.

Yeah, exactly.

Yeah.

I tried to look like a silhouette, but it didn't work.

Right.

It's hard to look like a silhouette these days.

It really is.

Everything is so bright.

Have you noticed?

Well, I'm an animated human being.

I guess not animated.

Well, no, you're not.

Yeah.

You're you're a real, you're flesh and blood.

Yes.

Yeah.

But when you say you're animated, you mean like.

Real.

I'm a real person.

And you, you, you, you, you just stick you late a lot.

I've noticed.

Thank you.

You're waving your arms around.

Thank you so much.

Yeah.

Someone say incessantly.

But it's just one of the things I do to make people feel normal.

You know what I mean?

I know we all just stick you as we want to feel normal.

So we look at you and go, at least I'm not just stick you lating as much as that.

Normal.

I guess I thought we were all just stick you lating the same.

I guess I thought these were sort of social cues.

No, Tim.

I mean, his hands have been out of sides the entire time.

Like all stiff as a board on this light as a feather.

It's like, it's like you're in military school or something.

It's very weird.

I always stand like this.

Yeah.

And you, you're standing.

That's the other weird part of that.

Usually people sit down during the show.

I didn't know that.

Yeah.

I didn't know.

You can sit down or you don't have to.

You'd rather not.

All right.

Tim, that's really great posture.

I'm gonna write that down.

Thank you so much.

Oh, I don't know.

Maybe you're getting reviewed.

I would.

I thought he was.

No.

Did I give you that impression?

Well, you wrote that down.

No.

Well, right.

But I'm a secret chopper, so I wouldn't tell you if I was reviewing you.

Oh, okay.

So then I wonder how we.

It's like that riddle about the, I always lie.

I always tell the truth.

I don't know how to get this out of this guy.

Yeah, it's tough.

I guess we'll never know.

So you, so you go out there in the, in, in, in, in, in, in, in, in, in, Yeah, in costume.

Okay.

What are some of the costumes then?

Well, I was going as a broad trucker for a while.

What is that?

What do you mean?

Just, just broad costume, you know, like big trucker hat, mullet wig.

I see.

Sleeveless cut off shirt.

So not a female trucker.

I thought I would.

No, of course I would never say that about you.

I don't know you, so I don't know how you speak.

So originally I thought you were saying like a broad trucker, you know, like a female, you know, no, no, I was going as like a misogynistic trucker.

I would never be misogynistic in my real life.

Wait, you're in character.

You would be misogynistic to make everybody feel like, Oh, this is a normal guy.

This is a normal guy.

Not doing a secret shot.

I guess a lot of men out there are misogynistic.

I just don't know why that has to play.

I mean, own this a little more, Scott, come on.

It's 2019.

A lot of men are very misogynistic.

Okay.

But I know not everyone likes, likes to be that way.

And I don't know how that fits into actually shopping.

I'm just trying to make other people feel comfortable.

I'm trying to talk your language here.

When you're misogynistic, when you're shopping, what, how does that come out?

Well, it definitely affects the experience.

Sure.

Yeah.

They're, they're more negative.

They have more hostile attitudes, you know?

So it's, it's tough.

The reviews are harsher for sure.

You know, your reviews are harsher because if they can't keep a cool head, you know, that's part of the job.

What are the kinds of things that you say to these people?

I don't think I should repeat that out of character.

Well, get in character.

We don't mind.

Listen, toots, where's the napkin?

You know, things like that.

Just vicious, vicious things.

That doesn't sound really that bad to me.

I mean, it's 2019.

That's a horrible thing to say.

You got to recognize.

Yeah.

But asking where's the napkin.

Why?

So at one point, the toots was the bad part, not the napkin.

Oh, okay.

Come on.

Okay.

I got confused.

So wait, I'll go out as Dracula too.

I'll go out as a Dracula to sort of, you know, just blend in.

Blend in with whom?

Society.

I mean, they say it's not so much about, I guess I'm wrong.

Not so much about blending in, but throwing off the scent of this guy's here to review me.

Okay.

So people...

This Dracula's not going to get me in trouble.

He might eat me or, you know, suck my blood, but he's not going to review my service.

Wait, do people think you're an actual Dracula or they think you're a man dressed as Dracula?

Huh?

You know, they never ask.

They just sort of look at me strange and I go, I guess that's what you would do.

Right.

Whether this guy was a Halloween costume or a real Dracula.

I would assume you're a crazy person who's dressed as Dracula.

You would.

Who's run out on the check.

That's right.

So, so...

I mean, I don't think I'm crazy.

You know what I mean?

Right.

I don't think I'm crazy.

Some people have said these are, you don't need to do all this.

Who said this to you?

Your employers, your coworkers?

Some of the like waiters or waitresses will say, hey, you don't need to do this.

It's clear you're a secret shopper.

And I say, God, I'm busted.

So I'll take off the wig right there and just, you know, you're wearing a wig as Dracula?

Well, I, what I would do is I would slick back my hair and then just draw a little widow's peak.

Well, that was the wig.

I use my regular hair, but then I have a little widow's peak wig that I bought.

Well, it's just like American.

It's a, yeah, it's a female Merkin.

It's like a, it's like pubes.

You're using a Merkin.

Yes.

A leftover, you have toilet teeth and a female Merkin on your face.

Yeah.

Well, on my forehead, I wouldn't put it like by my nose.

My forehead, your forehead might as well be your arm.

You know what I mean?

That's very close to your nose.

I mean, just two inches south and you're at your nose.

Yeah, that's right.

And it is a deep widow speak, I will say.

So it gets pretty close.

I would say it connects to my unibrow.

Yeah.

Cause I noticed your unibrow.

Thank you.

It wasn't a compliment.

It was just something that I merely stated.

Well, we're taking it back now.

Yeah.

We're like, if you have a unibrow now, you're proud of it.

Yeah.

You know, Anthony Davis, the NBA basketball player, he, you know, the fear of the brow, but a brow down, you know, I guess I don't know any of these references, Tim, are you a basketball fan?

You know, you do know.

Yeah.

Okay, great.

I know that.

Yeah.

All right.

Please shout it out if you know something.

No, that's part of the show.

I know that.

Great.

Thank you.

Okay.

Thank you so much.

Thank you.

I felt really alone there for a second.

Yeah.

But why do you have the unibrow?

Did you, was it something?

That's a lot of questions, Scott.

This is wild.

He's writing this down.

You are under review, dude.

I think I might be, or you might be, I don't know.

Or maybe it's about you together.

I was just wondering, could you tell me where the restroom is?

I could.

Yes.

You could.

Yes.

I'm sorry.

I'm used to answering questions like I'm on trial.

They say when you're on trial and someone asks you a yes or no question, you just answered yes or no.

Okay.

Will you tell me where the bathroom is?

Yes.

Okay.

Being difficult.

Not being difficult.

I'm answering your question.

I will tell you.

Okay.

Do you always say what you're running down to?

What?

Do you always say what you're at?

You said being difficult.

Yeah.

Do you always say that?

Yeah.

Usually I'll say it in front of them and they go, oh, I just journaling.

And by the way, by the way, you're not writing this, these down on a little tiny pad.

This is like, it looks like a giant tome that you've opened up.

It's like, and it's like the cover seems bejeweled almost.

I got it at the thrift store.

I don't have a lot of cash.

I'm sort of cash poor.

You know what I mean?

So I had to go to the thrift store to get my book.

When you say you're cash poor, do you mean that you?

Literally, I'm just all the way.

You have a lot in stocks or no, you're just.

I don't have any cash, but I get a lot of free food.

Right.

Tours.

Tour.

What do you mean when you say tours?

I took a tour of the Mall of America as a secret shopper.

Don't tell them.

Yeah, that was free.

Okay, cool.

Well, they showed me around the mall.

Yeah, but I mean, did you get free food or anything like that?

I don't know.

No, no, no, no, just a free tour.

It was just a free tour.

Well, what good is that?

Well, they let me go to the Mall of America for free.

It's free to go into the Mall of America.

I don't know if you know that.

Right, but not like.

What it is.

They don't charge admission.

No, no, it's the biggest mall in the world.

I mean, can you imagine if they charge admission?

I mean, no one would shop there.

Well, I would.

I mean, it's cool.

Shopping is cool.

I mean, I know that.

Tim, you didn't say I know that shopping is cool.

Do you know that?

I don't know that it's cool.

I didn't saw.

Oh, so you don't think shopping is cool?

I didn't say that.

I just said.

Oh, no, no, no, no.

Please don't write that down.

Shopping not cool from Tim.

Hmm.

Well, so it's a fascinating business that you're in.

I'm sorry that it hasn't worked out for you financially, necessarily.

Yeah, well, it wasn't really the goal.

It's more fulfillment, you know.

Do you feel fulfilled?

No, the goal was fulfillment.

I haven't really achieved it.

Why are you still doing this?

I mean.

The free food, baby.

Yeah, but I mean, you could work a job that pays you a lot.

Imagine never having to pay for a meal.

How nice that is.

I have.

I think you're supposed to be paying for him, honestly.

Yeah.

What are you talking about?

I don't have to pay for meals.

I don't have to pay for a gym because of what happens after the meal when I run away.

Right.

That's another bonus.

Okay.

I mean, so you're getting a little cardio.

I would put some weight training into there.

You would.

I mean, that's why you would go to do you own weights or anything like that?

Because if you're just doing cardio, you're going to have the exact same body type.

It's just going to be thinner.

Yeah, that's fine with me.

That's fine.

Yeah, I don't need to go to the gym.

I just want to be thin.

I don't want to be healthy.

Okay.

Yeah, whatever.

Well, look, did they offer you a credit card your very first day at all to say like, Hey, you need to use this when you your employer.

Are you employed?

Oh, no.

Are you?

Yeah.

I'm like a freelancer.

So is there a company who's assigning places that you go to?

Sometimes.

Secret.

Yeah, they're called secret choppy.

Tim, can I talk to you for a second?

Yeah, for sure.

Over here, though.

Yeah.

So you're going to have to walk.

You can't just stand there straight.

I like walk over to me.

I'm okay.

I'm on my way.

Please faster.

This is like this is how I have a straight back.

And the part of reason I have a straight back is I don't rush when you rush with leave with your head and that makes you back.

Okay, I'll take your time.

I'll be here when you get over here.

I will take my time.

Very straight back.

Good posture.

You're getting good reviews apparently for your back.

Scott slouching pretty hard.

Okay, thank you, Tim.

Yeah.

I don't think this guy is an actual secret chopper.

I think he's like just going into places, ripping them off and then running out of them and not paying for anything.

I think so too.

I can't tell if he's sure about that or if he's.

That's the part that's very confusing.

If he's doing a purpose or if he's just confused about what his job is or that he has a job at all.

Do you think we need to nail him down on this or do you think that we should just let that confusion linger?

I don't know.

We should definitely try and nail it down without hurting his feelings.

That's going to be tough because I'm I mean, you know, I'm kind of mean when I ask questions.

Yeah, I know I noticed that.

Yeah, but uh.

Kind of mean when asking questions.

Why are you writing this down?

I just I always do this just to go over and make sure I'm not getting hurt.

I remember the day right.

OK, this is very, very suspicious.

I don't know why you suddenly pulled out an even larger book, by the way.

And where were you keeping that?

I'm standing.

It's behind my leg.

Is that how you keep your back so straight?

Because now I've noticed you're slumping over a little bit.

Yes, because I took the book out of my shirt.

OK, well put it back.

OK.

OK, now you're straight.

OK, good.

All right, let's let's if do you mind staying here for this part of it or do you need to walk all the way back?

I'd like to walk back.

We're pretty far from where everybody is.

Go ahead and walk back.

Howdy partners.

Oh no, he's dressed as a cowboy.

Howdy, how are you?

Thanks for having me on the show.

Hi Mr. Cowboy.

Did you see our previous guest, the super secret chopper?

Super secret?

No, I didn't.

I missed him.

Yeah, he's a guy about your height.

I would say exactly your height, exactly your weight.

Really?

He did not have a 10 gallon hat on, nor did he have a merkin placed exactly where it's placed on your body.

Yeah, right on my sideburns.

Yeah, only one really long triangular sideburn that looks like pussy hair, if I may.

Thanks for noticing.

That's what we call the Amarilla Special.

What are you doing here, sir?

Well, I came to be on the show.

OK, can we ask you questions then?

What do you want us to ask you questions about, being a cowboy or?

Oh, I don't know how the show works, just here to sort of take part.

But that's not how the show works if people just come in.

Oh really?

Sometimes it is, honestly.

We have an open door policy here and people just wander in sometimes.

They could just talk.

OK, that's what the assistant told me out front.

The assistant's telling people that?

Now that's crossing the line a little bit.

Receptive to new character?

You are the secret chopper!

You're the super secret chopper!

What are you talking about?

You've got to dress up your book to match the cowboy.

Yes!

You've got to put horses on the cover of the book.

See, you have the exact same book.

You are the super secret chopper.

OK, I'm bust.

Yeah, I'm busted.

You are busted.

Yeah, I'm busted.

OK, Tim and I were talking.

What we can't figure out is if you know that you don't have employers or if you're confused about it.

I know that I don't have employers.

I'm a thief.

OK, you know you're a thief.

Yes, I apologize.

OK, he apologized.

Listen, I don't want to be caught.

He apologized but says he doesn't want to get caught.

Wait a second, you're reviewing my answers.

Oh yeah, this is nothing.

I take show notes.

We put them up online later.

Why do you need that big of a book?

That's the biggest book yet.

I mean, it's as big as you, I would say.

Yeah, it's like a maze-sized book.

I do a lot of shows, this is episode 598.

You're not taking notes on all the comedians and giving them reviews and deciding who to invite back.

No, I mean, look, yeah, I did see early episodes of your show that apparently had temp dialogue, and so I graded it a little bit lower.

That's temp dialogue, though.

Yeah, I know it said temp dialogue on it and I'm supposed to be a little more forgiving, but I thought I was watching a completed project.

No, you weren't even supposed to see those.

Okay, yeah, but still, you know.

Anyway, so you do know you are a thief, you apologize for it.

Yes, I would never say this if I was on the job, you know what I mean?

So you're not on the job?

Of course not!

But you don't have a job.

That's right.

Well, you're a thief.

Yeah, I'm a thief.

I would never say it if I was trying to steal something from you, that I'm here to steal something from you, okay?

I'm not here to secret shop.

And you're not here to steal anything?

No, air time or anything.

Even though I happened to bring in my wife's jewelry to be appraised today?

You did.

I mean, I did, yeah.

I mean, we have an appraiser coming.

I'm doing so many shows today, we have an appraiser coming in.

You didn't see the appraiser there?

I didn't even see that, or the box that was out there with the jeweler.

I didn't see any of it.

You didn't see the box?

Oh, good, he didn't see the box.

Good.

Yeah, that's good.

That's good.

Yeah, I'm not here to be a thief.

Why would I tell you that I'm a thief if I was here to steal?

Right.

Good point, good point.

This guy's opening up and up.

Thanks for holding my feet to the fire there.

Oh, no problem.

I mean, it took a long time to get there.

And when I say that, I mean for Tim to walk over to me.

But yeah, it really did.

Well, these books are heavy.

I mean, you should know more than any of us.

No, yeah.

I mean, yeah.

Mine actually is super light because I use a very lightweight paper.

But yeah, if pages.

Yeah, Bible pages.

Exactly.

Okay, look, we need to take another break.

Or when I say another one, I mean a first break.

But also, I need to run out and just check on my appraiser to make sure that you know, I need to tell him details about the jewelry just to make sure that he bumps it up as high as it can go, because we really need him to come back with a high, high number or else we're fucked.

So let's take a break.

When we come back, we'll have more.

Tim Robinson will have more from the Super Secret Chopper.

And oh, this is exciting.

Our third guest, we have Nikki Six from have you heard of this musician from from Motley Crew?

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Yeah, yeah.

So that's exciting.

Yeah, definitely a lesser guest than you and our Super Secret Chopper.

But in the cowboy.

Yeah.

Are we counting the cowboy?

A different man who came in here?

We busted you.

That's right.

Yeah, let's not count the cowboy.

Okay, let's not count the cowboy.

We'll be right back with more comedy bang bang after this.

Comedy bang bang.

We're back here.

Tim Robinson.

I think you should leave with Tim Robinson.

I never thought about it, but I think you should leave with Tim Robinson.

That's interesting.

That's like almost an accident.

It's an accident.

Yeah.

But sometimes accidents are the greatest things that can ever happen because who said that?

Well, I mean, I think wasn't that like an Elvis Costello song as well?

Sometimes accidents are the greatest things that could ever.

Yeah, something like that.

I don't know.

Because I mean, you know, that's almost like advice at a party or something like I think you should leave with Tim Robinson, like to a, you know, sexy lady or something.

Has your wife seen this title?

Yes.

Well, can you call her?

I'll I'll I'll record.

I'll tell her that that's what I meant when I did it.

Okay.

Yeah.

So let's listen to that now.

This is Tim and his wife telling his wife that that's what he meant.

And it's an accident that the title came out this way.

And I'll hide the hide.

You hide it.

This is hidden audio.

Here we go.

I call it.

I think you should leave with Tim Robinson.

So like if like I was at a club, you know, like someone could be like, I think you should leave with Tim Robinson.

Oh.

Wow.

Yep.

I could not have predicted that reaction.

No, no.

Yeah.

I didn't.

Yeah.

Amazing.

And of course, Tim actually did this if he didn't for any reason.

No, I'm going to.

I'm going to.

Okay, you are.

Okay, great.

You don't have to do that.

Okay, good.

Okay.

I want this.

We also have the super secret chopper here.

Hello.

Hey.

Uh, great.

Great to have you here.

Thank you.

Thanks for having me here.

I was just out talking to the appraiser and things were looking pretty good for the.

Really?

Yeah.

Good.

So that's exciting.

Um, but we have to get to our next guest.

Um, and you know him as a musician of note.

Uh, I believe there's a, uh, speaking of Netflix, your shows on Netflix and everyone's watching the dirt on Netflix, you know?

Yep.

Uh, and, uh, I believe, uh, some of that, or at least 25% of it is in regards to his life.

Uh, please welcome Nikki Sixx.

Hey, I'm Nikki Sixx.

I'm Nikki Sixx.

And I'm Nikki Sixx.

Ow.

I'm Nikki Sixx.

Oh, can you spring her on my ass, man?

I'm Nikki Sixx.

I'm Nikki Seven.

And we're Mooli Crew.

Bam, bam.

Ow.

Now this is interesting.

It seems like there were two people here when I introduced Nikki Sixx, and they both fought over who was Nikki Sixx, and then one of them stuck, uh, their finger up.

The other one's, uh, I don't know how else to say it, but, uh, gaping asshole.

It's how I assert dominance, because that's how punk I am.

Punk.

Now, punk wasn't the, necessarily the genre that Nikki Sixx worked in, but, um, and then they, they, they announced that they were part of a band.

Did you hear this, Tim?

Uh, Mooli Crew?

Yeah, yeah, I heard that.

Right.

And then they, they sang their own sort of like entrance music.

Yeah.

Sometimes you gotta sing the instruments.

Yeah.

Okay.

Interesting.

Hello, Nikki Sixx and Nikki Sevenx, you say?

Yeah.

I mean, yeah.

That's what we've agreed upon.

Okay.

We talked about it before we came here today.

Okay.

Yeah.

So, so you are the real Nikki Sixx, the person who introduced themselves as Nikki Sixx?

Correctamundo, my man.

Hey, you, uh, you don't mind open flames in the studio, do you?

Uh, I don't know.

Maybe a code violation.

I don't want to get written up.

Oh, shit.

Oh my God.

That's the most open flame I've ever seen.

Yeah.

I like to light my elbow on fire to prove how punk I am.

Yeah.

You stole that move from me.

Shut the fuck up.

You shut the fuck up.

Can I?

Oh my God.

Right up the old asshole again.

Can I ask you gentlemen, uh, uh, what I, from what I know of Nikki Sixx, Nikki Sixx is a person, a real, a real life person.

Uh, when I say a person, I mean one person.

And, uh, it never seemed like there was any sort of confusion, uh, regarding that fact.

Uh, who Nikki Seven is it?

Who exactly are you?

I'm one of the founding members of Mootly Crew.

Yeah.

Nikki and I, yeah, we started the band together a long time ago.

I walked right into a diner and I was like, dude, we're the same.

Yeah.

He saw me in a diner and he had like a drumstick in his, in his zipper, in his wiener zipper.

And then, uh, I don't know.

I just knew, right?

We just knew from that point.

And we hit up whiskey at Go-Go.

Oh yeah.

It's an honor to be here on the Sunset Strip, by the way.

Uh, we are on, we definitely are on Sunset.

I wouldn't call it the strip necessarily.

Um, I've seen parts of the dirt.

I have no idea what you're talking about.

Yeah, we don't know what that is.

People keep bringing it up to us.

People always mispronouncing our name.

Yeah.

Well mainly, you know, I've, I've heard of the band Mootly Crew as something ever since the 1980s.

I mean, Tim, you've heard, you've got to say I've heard of that.

Oh yeah, sorry.

I know that.

You know that.

Okay.

Great.

Yeah.

Um, so that's how I've always heard it pronounced.

Now, granted, there are some crazy oom-lots in this band title.

Correct, Scott.

Yeah.

It's all about the oom-lots.

Yeah.

So if you notice the oom-lots above the O, the pronunciation of how you would pronounce that correctly in punk is oo.

It's an oo sound.

I actually, I believe the oom-lots are above the U in crew.

Uh, maybe there are above the O.

I don't know.

Do you, is there something you know?

I don't know.

It might be different in punk.

I don't know.

Yeah.

Is there a punk Mootly crew and a hair metal Motley crew?

Is that where the confusion lies?

We're metal, but we're also punk.

I mean, we're genre bending.

Yeah, we're genre bending.

We live by the rules of punk and hair metal.

We want to do something different, you know, like we want to do like a concert experience in the clubs.

In the clubs.

We want to put on a fucking show, man.

Yeah.

It's about to show.

Yeah.

Fire.

What are the, what are the rules of punk?

Is there a lot of rules?

I thought the whole thing was sort of like putting up your middle finger and saying, we don't care.

Maybe the first rule is there are no rules.

I don't really know.

Exactamundo.

Oh, correctamundo.

Why did you guys, you said exactamundo, I thought, or did you say correctamundo?

I said exactamundo.

Yeah.

Then you, you correctamundo'd him to say correctamundo, which by the way is a catchphrase of the Fonz from the happy days television show, which is decidedly not punk.

As I recall.

Well, Fonz kind of originated some of the rules of punk.

Uh, we kind of live by the rules of punk.

I guess bursting into people's houses without knocking.

Yeah.

Jumping onto chairs, uh, you know, with both feet.

Yeah, we do all that shit.

Yeah.

Bursting leather jackets, hair gel.

Originally a windbreaker.

And then transitioned into a, into a leather jacket.

Correctamundo'd Scott.

There it is.

Wow.

I, uh, as I recall in the story of Motley crew, Motley crew, I'll change.

I'll change.

This guy's pissing me off, Nikki.

Yeah.

We're actually just a duo.

So there were four, as I recall.

There's this big misconception of like alternate history.

There's an alternate history and we think it has something to do with, you know, that theory that people have like Chick-fil-A is spelled one way, but a lot of people think it's spelled another way.

Or the Berenstain Bears.

That kind of thing.

It has affected us.

So, so we're all wrong.

We, we, when we think of the band, we think it's Motley crew and that the four members are Nikki Sixx, uh, and, and Tommy Lee and, uh, the big scary guy and the one who killed someone in a drunk driving accident.

Right.

Though those are, that's who I think of.

And that's who you think of?

That's who I think of the same people.

You think of the same people, but that is not the case.

We're all misremembering this.

A hundred percent a Mundo.

It's a misremembrance.

It's an it's it's they've rewritten history.

Yeah.

There's only Nikki Sixx is the only members of this band.

Nikki Sixx and Nikki Sevenx.

Okay, whatever man.

It depends on the pick.

Sometimes I let him like some, I mean, I made up that name dude.

I wanted to call it cocaine buffet.

Well, why don't you, why don't you go buy that?

Oh, because we agreed.

All right.

Fine.

It's fine.

A Mundo for you.

A hundred percent.

Well, this is interesting.

I guess I'm learning so much about Mootly Crew that I never knew before.

I mean, uh, you know, that whole movie, I swear I watched it, but you know, I guess I'm, maybe I'm misremembering it.

It's insane.

Ever heard of fiction?

Yeah.

I, I know that.

Yeah, I know that too.

Yeah.

Thank you.

Okay.

You're very late on that.

I know.

I'm sorry.

I don't know what's going on with you.

I apologize.

Yeah.

I'm just a little distracted.

Well, also you seem to be swaying back and forth.

You've been standing so still with like locked knees.

You gotta bend those knees.

Yeah.

That's why I'm starting to sway a little bit because my knees are starting to, over time they'll give out.

I have to be home by honestly four.

Otherwise, uh, the knee kind of shattered.

Kind of shatters, not four.

Wait.

So when do you start standing?

I start standing the minute I fall asleep at night.

You've the minute you fall asleep at night?

The minute I fall asleep.

Until 4 PM?

Until 4 PM the following day.

Okay.

But if I'm not, I can keep saying it, but if I don't, my knees will kind of shatter.

Okay.

All right.

So we need to get you out by four.

Is that right?

I have a heart out at three 30.

It takes you a half hour to get home?

Yeah.

Where do you live?

Like in Calabasas or something like that?

Yeah.

Okay.

Over there by the Kardashians.

Wow.

It's a nice area.

Now are some of the songs that we are maybe misremembering?

What are some of the songs that that Mootly Crew has put out?

Well, Nikki here is on acoustic and I'm sort of mixed percussion.

Yeah.

You brought in an acoustic guitar.

I thought you were going to do like an unplugged type thing, but that's your primary instrument.

It's not primarily our instrument, but we can play something for you right now.

If you want to hear a new track.

Yeah.

I'd love to hear a new, a new, whatever you like, a new track, a classic, whatever you like.

I'm a big fan of, or at least I thought it was Mootly Crew.

So what do you think, Seven?

I'll follow you.

All right.

Here we go.

One, a two.

Slow countdown.

Slow song.

Maybe it's really slow.

I mean, this is an acoustic set, Scott.

You got to take it down a little bit.

Okay.

I didn't mean to interrupt your countdown.

Please continue.

Either start over with the countdown or continue with the countdown.

I'll start with two.

A two, a three, a four.

Almost heaven, West Virginia, Blue Ridge Mountain, And Shenandoah River, River, Yeah, just picked up guitar a little bit ago.

You did?

As I recall from what I remember about the band, I mean, maybe I got the band's name wrong, but you've been playing guitar ever since the early eighties.

Two months ago, I walked into a diner.

I was like, who is this guy?

We decided to form a band called Mootly Crew.

And that's the history.

That's the history.

All this other stuff out there about me being whatever, an amazing guitarist and all that.

It's a lot of pressure to live up to, you know?

Yeah.

Well, I noticed you wrote down the chords on your arm or the marking pen.

And by the way, that is decidedly not a Mootly Crew song.

That, as I recall, is a John Denver classic.

I know that.

You do know that.

Thank you.

You're very quick on that one.

I appreciate that.

Hey, Scott, how about you shut the fuck up?

People are pissing me off, Nicky.

Me too, Nicky.

At least we can agree on something.

Okay, good punk attitude.

That's right.

Okay.

Hey, secret shopper, why don't you tell the listeners what's happening right now?

Oh my God.

She's flipping me off.

Yeah, this is Nicky six.

Oh, I was confused by the long hair.

Right.

The long punk hair.

Straight black covering one of your eyes.

With a lot of hairspray and yeah.

That's accurate.

Accurate Amundo.

Can I offer a theory about you?

Or maybe I should talk to Tim about this.

I don't know.

It's going to take him so long to get over here.

This is a start.

I'd love to.

Can you come over here for just...

Absolutely.

Do you want me to write your book?

I want to keep the book in.

Just try to, try to, I don't want you to rush necessarily.

Is maybe just like...

I can't rush.

So that, that works out.

Just like try to come over here with a little bit of alacrity and speed if you could.

I'll do the best I can.

Okay.

You're an eighth of the way over to me.

Hold on one second.

What's up, dude?

You covered the last seven eighths very, very quickly.

Yeah, because I'm aware of the time.

I appreciate that.

I'm aware of the time.

Tim, I don't think that this is the actual Nikki Six from, from Motley Crew.

I think Motley Crew.

I think we got confused with that whole Berenstain Bears kind of, kind of thing.

I think these are just, I actually don't even know if these are like dudes.

Well, the kind of, I don't think the giveaway.

He said two months ago they met at a diner.

Right.

I'm remembering Motley Crew from decades ago.

In fact, they already had their like goodbye tour.

Yeah.

But two months ago they came in and said, Hey, we're the same.

We're the same.

That's the, that's the interesting part to me is that they thought they were the same.

They each thought of the name.

Yeah.

And now they decided they are the same name.

Yeah.

I think that's still an ongoing battle.

Yeah.

I don't know.

So what, so I think maybe these guys heard of Motley Crew, but they don't, they don't remember it.

So they, but they heard it as Motley Crew and thought that would be a good name for a band.

Okay.

So now we're not original.

Oh wait, I'm sorry.

Are you, can you hear everything we're saying?

Uh, a little bit.

I mean, not every word.

Which words did you hear?

I heard like you saying like, uh, that, that last part.

Yeah.

Last part.

Yeah.

Just that last part.

Oh, just the last part?

Yeah.

Oh, that's, that's fine.

Yeah.

I heard you saying that maybe we're not dudes.

That was early on.

Well, they both caught different parts.

Wait, can we ask you and Tim, you don't have to go back.

Can you just stay here for a second?

Oh, I'd love to go back.

All right, go ahead.

Can I ask a question while you're walking over there?

It's rude, but yeah.

I don't mind being, look, you're not going to mark, give me low marks for being rude.

Are you?

Of course not.

I'm not keeping track of any of this.

Okay.

Are you dudes?

We'll fucking prove it right now.

We got two footers.

Yeah.

Two footers.

Oh, it's heavy, man.

It's got some heft.

Check out our wieners.

I mean, speaking of tuna cans.

Whoa.

I mean, when you said two footers, I thought you meant long.

That's just wide.

Two foot wide.

That's right, bitches.

Okay.

So those are, so they are, I guess, unless they're some sort of like prosthetic, like.

Technically those are huge penises.

Right.

Not in the way that we're used to.

How often are you judging penises by the way?

Not that often.

But you, okay.

But you do sometimes?

Yeah.

I have like a Sunday thing.

I do like a Sunday at the spa.

Oh, okay.

Hey, we'd like to play one final song.

Oh, okay.

Sure.

Yeah.

Okay.

And this is an original.

Oh, great.

Okay.

It's your second song.

It's our second song and thanks.

You've all been a great audience.

Yeah.

Thank you so much.

Oh yeah.

I don't think we're an audience, but okay.

Go ahead.

Tell me something, girl.

Really shaky on those changes.

Are you happy in this modern world?

Or do you need more?

Almost there.

That's the end.

Oh, wow.

Yeah.

She said a couple of verses.

We like to keep it short.

Yeah. So you guys are big fans of, uh, big fans of stars born.

What?

Uh, okay.

Look, we need to take a break.

Uh, I need to go out there to the appraiser.

When we come back, we'll be right back with more comedy bang bang.

After this comedy bang bang.

We're back here, Tim Robinson.

Uh, and you are really swaying.

You're swaying like a, uh, like a Willow tree out there on the windiest day of the year.

My God.

Yeah.

I'm uh, and you're, you're, it's almost like the Michael Jackson smooth criminal video where you're just like, you know, you're really getting close to the ground here.

Is everything all right?

I told you I need a time check.

What's the time?

It's, I mean, it's about three 15 or so.

I gotta go, man.

You said three 30.

I'm going to hold you to this.

You said three 30.

Yeah.

All right.

You can push me there.

Yeah.

Push you there.

You're pushing there.

We can go to three 30.

What do you mean push you there?

You like, if you have a hard out at three 30, it's three 30.

It's not three 15 so that you can like be relaxed as you're trying to drive home.

This would be, I'd be walking around so much.

I honestly, you're the one who I invited you to sit down.

Yeah.

I didn't want to sit down, but you kept saying, Hey, come talk to me over here.

Come talk to me over here.

And I didn't want to come to you.

I would have loved that, but I already did the big walks.

Now my, now my knees are absolutely fucked and they're gonna, they're gonna shut.

Well, they might shatter a kind of shatter.

They don't shatter for you.

Said that as long as you're out by three 30, they're not going to shatter because you walked a bunch more.

So do you, do you need to take your walking into account?

Like, and then back up the time or something?

It's like an oil change.

It's mileage or time, right?

It's that's exactly right.

That's exactly right.

Yeah.

Thank you.

Okay.

I'm sorry.

Look, can you stay a few more minutes as if I don't make you walk?

I don't know.

Can I?

Look, now you're playing my game with you.

Will you stay?

Okay.

You will.

All right.

Very good.

We also have the super, super secret shopper here.

Yes.

Hello.

Who we found out is just a thief who goes into restaurants and places of business, brick and mortar shops, and just steals things.

Doesn't pay for them.

That's right.

It seems very, seems very accepting of it.

And very, it's out there now.

You know what I mean?

I'm obviously not going to introduce myself next time I go to a job like that, but you know, for our listeners, have you previously been introducing yourself as the super secret chopper?

Of course not.

Sometimes, sometimes, sometimes I forget.

Yeah.

You're bad at your job.

Sure.

We also have a, uh, two, uh, and they are gentlemen, uh, because we saw the proof of the pudding is right there in the crust.

Uh, thanks.

It's not a compliment necessarily.

Just me mentioning that you have penises.

Oh yeah.

We got two footers.

And two feet wide is really two feet wide.

Two footers, both the biggest penis and biggest tuna cans I've ever seen.

That's like a, like something you'd get at Costco.

If you were just like, yeah, we got Costco dick.

Yeah.

That's a, that's a great new slang term.

Yeah.

That's a good catchphrase.

I got Costco dick.

Nikki six and Nikki seven or Nikki sixes, I guess are here.

Nick, if you're going to say us together, say Nikki six, six, sixes.

That's your decision.

Yeah.

You haven't agreed on that.

I'm sorry.

But it's time for our favorite feature on the show.

And, and believe me, we'll get you out by three 30.

Don't, don't worry about this.

You're starting to perspire and yeah.

It hurts real bad.

That's right.

I got to get back to Calabasas, honestly.

Okay.

We'll get you.

Oh, don't worry.

But it's time for our favorite feature on the show.

It's time for a little something called would you rather.

Shh.

Yeah.

All right.

It's time to play.

Would you rather Tim, you were swaying really hard during that.

I'm sorry.

The theme song is so long, but that's our theme song.

Oh yeah.

Look, it's good.

You're going to get out in time.

Post later, you know, you can put it in later.

You could say that.

Given my time constraints, you could have put it in later.

The theme song.

That's how long it is.

We can't do it later.

You can't put that in later.

No, it's the appropriate feel for the game.

If we, if you, the players and participants don't hear the theme song, I'm afraid you're not going to be in the right mindset.

What if somebody had, if it's a special case and someone has a disorder or something where their knees shatter after four.

If that were to be the case, then I would re-examine it.

That is the case.

Oh, I see.

Look, I'm sorry.

That's on me.

That's my bad.

Traffic is very red right now going out to Cal.

It always is red at three 30.

You said three 30.

At three 30 it's used at three 15 around there.

It's fine.

If I would've left the three 15, I would have been fine.

Then just say you have a hard out at three 15.

It's as easy as that.

At the time we were having fun.

You're not having fun anymore.

That's due to your condition.

Oh my God.

Fun didn't last all the way through the show.

Okay.

That's disappointing.

Well, we all know how we play.

Would you rather we play it every single week.

So why wouldn't anyone know how we play it?

People sent us.

Would you rather scenarios to our Twitter account, which is at CBB W Y R comedy, bang, bang.

Would you rather I will read them out loud.

I will then open the floor for questions.

Now, please don't ask any questions before the floor is opened.

It's not time for the questions when the floor is not open.

It's time to be listening to what I'm saying.

Once I open the floor for questions, you're free to ask any question you like about either of the scenarios in order to help narrow down your choice.

I will then close the floor for questions.

Okay.

Now, first off, there will be no warning regarding this fact.

All right.

So just as is everyone cool with that?

Everyone's I need a verbal.

Yes.

From everyone.

Tim.

Yes.

Okay.

You're cool with the fact that there's going to be no warning when I close the floor.

There's no warning.

You seem a little unsure.

I just I'm fine.

So it's just going to be just going to close the floor.

There'll be no warning.

There's not going to be a warning.

So don't I don't want when I say you're cool with this.

That means I don't want to hear complaining about it.

Like, Oh, I didn't know.

I wanted to ask another question.

No, I can promise you that's not that's not going to happen.

You're going to be fine with this.

I can promise you that.

All right.

Once I close the floor for questions, there will be no questions after that.

And then I will ask you all about your choices.

We'll then tally up the points and figure out who wins.

All right, here we go.

This comes to us from Jordan Maywood.

Jordan Maywood asks, would you rather live in a house made entirely from gold, except for the toilets, or you can talk to animals, but only 10 minutes before and after you orgasm?

All right.

Would you rather live in a house made entirely from gold, except for the toilets, or you can talk to animals, but only 10 minutes before and after you orgasm?

I've opened the floor for questions.

What are the toilets made out of?

They're made out of human teeth.

Oh, I'm pretty comfy.

That sounds pretty good.

They it's sort of like, you know, have you seen the Game of Thrones show?

No spoilers because I know we're in the middle of the final season.

Of course.

But you've seen that, uh, uh, throne?

You know, I mean, this is like your throne at home, but you know how it's made out of, uh, iron swords and stuff like this is a, this is a throne made out of teeth, toilet teeth, toilet teeth, or toilet teeth.

Well, they're real teeth, but they're got it made into a toilet.

People who've gotten toilet teeth.

They make the toilets out of their old teeth.

You're maybe not exactly hearing what I'm trying to say.

I apologize here with this.

What I'm trying to say is, is that they're human teeth that are turned into a toilet.

They're not toilet teeth that are then repurposed as toilets.

Got it.

That's punk.

I've closed the floor for questions.

I would do the animal thing.

Oh boy.

Unfortunately, you're not supposed to vote until I didn't say that, but we play it every week.

So you should know the rules.

So I'm sorry.

I'm going to have to dock Nikki six points, not you, Nikki six.

Thanks.

I'm going to have to dock you points for that.

So sorry.

Um, anyone have any, anyone have any complaints?

Tim, you're all right.

I mean, I have to get going soon, but we'll get you out of here.

Okay.

Three 30 on the dot.

Don't worry about it.

Yeah.

I know I've no complaints.

You don't have any complaints.

No, not regarding the closing.

Everything was comfortable about when I closed the floor for questions.

I noticed you didn't ask a question.

Yeah, I'm scared.

What are you scared of?

Okay.

There could have been, someone could have asked.

You could have given a little more room.

You took one question.

So you do, you are a little bit perturbed by this.

If I had to search.

Yeah.

Search your feelings regarding how everything went down.

Yeah.

I didn't get to ask a question, but that's fine.

Well, if you have a pertinent question, why don't you speak up?

Defend yourself.

Ask a question now.

If it's pertinent.

Nikki, I'm not punk.

Whisper it to me and I'll ask.

I had to walk over there.

Now I got to leave by three 26.

We're not adjusting the time of you leaving depending on how often you walk.

How long do you have to talk to the animals?

All right.

The question is, and I'm asking because it's a pertinent question for my friend.

How long do you get to talk to the animals?

It's right there in the fucking question for 10 minutes before and 10 minutes after you orgasm.

God damn it, Nikki.

I have to talk you more points to you like the floor is.

I did it.

That's my, no matter.

That's my fault.

You don't have to take the hit for this one, man.

Nikki.

No, it was, you did me a solid.

It's time for me to stick up for myself and for you.

I've always considered you to be a spineless coward.

Just because of my knee problems.

Well, well, also the book, you know, holding up your back and.

I, I, you're right.

That was in the, it didn't a question.

I should have known that, but I was honestly so scared about the rules that I kind of like didn't really listen to the question.

10 minutes before 10 minutes after 10 minutes before 10 minutes after look, Tim, I forgive you.

Unfortunately, the game does not forgive you.

Yeah.

How about me?

Forgive me.

No, I'm going to have to dock you points, but you never listen, Nikki classic.

Okay.

We'll talk about this after it was pertinent.

I agree, but that's exactly it's.

Pertinence is, is, is reflected by the fact that it's in the question itself.

Listening is also pertinent.

Listening is very pertinent.

So Tim, I'm sorry, I have to disqualify you.

So I can't even get to say which one I want.

No.

And in fact, if you do, then we have some real problems.

I want to, I want to talk to the animals.

Oh, that was punk as hell.

Thank you so much.

You're getting high marks for that.

And make sure.

God damn it.

You're not supposed to vote.

I disqualified you.

I can say it.

I want to talk to the animals 10 minutes before.

I'm sorry that I have to do this, but I keep this baseball bat here just for this reason.

I'm going to have to swing at your knees.

Don't you?

Oh my God.

You early shattered them.

Now every day at what time is it now?

It's three 26.

Now every day at three 26, my knees will shatter.

So now you've reset the rules of my problem.

So what now you have to leave at two 56.

Now when I go to places, I say I got a hard out at two 56 to get back to Calabasas.

And I also haven't checked what the traffic's like at two 56.

So that's probably easier.

And you don't know.

You could probably get away with even three oh one or three oh two.

I go what?

Leaving at three oh one is are you nuts?

Traffic starts to really get read at three 15.

You said it yourself.

I said it's bad at three 15.

Scott, that was punk as hell.

Thank you.

Do you want to join the band?

Whoa, you didn't even ask me first.

Shut the fuck up, dude.

He can be eight, man.

You really mean it?

I mean, I've always wanted to be in a band.

I, uh, I've never really thought I have that whole rock star kind of attitude.

Yeah, after I'm done with you, you're going to look cool as shit.

You even saw some spikes on spikes on you.

I have got this idea for like merkins on your face that I think could be really sick.

Not by my nose, though.

We'll see.

OK, I don't know about merkins on their nose.

What?

Why are we so worried about merkins on their nose?

You'd look terrible.

God, you're on noses.

You don't know that.

Well, you didn't say I know that, so of course you don't know.

No, I don't know that.

I don't know that.

Oh, God.

All right, let's vote.

Super secret chopper?

I want the animal thing.

Great.

Nikki six.

I want the animal thing.

All right, Nikki six.

I want the animal thing.

All right.

Time for first.

And that's how you play Would You Rather.

Oh.

So.

All right, that's how we play Would You Rather.

That was a good game.

Very competitive, guys.

That was fun.

Yeah, three way tie for first.

That doesn't happen a lot, but when it does, boy, it's fun because no one lost other than Tim.

I didn't lose.

I was disqualified.

All right, well, it's three twenty seven.

So we just have time for our final feature on the show.

And that's a little something called plugs.

Hey, the kids got a good swallow.

Oh, yeah, that's nice.

Mm hmm.

I don't know what to buy today.

My pockets are overflowing with money.

I don't know what's on TV.

Netflix is confusing.

So tell me what you're trying to sell.

Spit it out or go to hell.

You suck on me, John, if you can't tell.

Oh, hey.

Take my money.

So we are your boss.

Bryce Arthur, Dan Camp, dot com.

Oh, wow.

Fit their own plug into the plugs theme.

That was it's not that kind of show by Bryce Arthur, who plugged his own band camp.

So that was good.

I enjoyed that.

And it's three twenty seven and forty five seconds.

So Tim, what are you going to plug here?

Now, bearing in mind that whatever time you use to take your plug, I'm going to have to dock you that for when you have your hard out.

So I'll be timing you.

And what?

And I just plug anything?

Yeah, you can plug whatever you want.

I mean, you know, as long as you plug, though, unfortunately, that's going to count against your hard out time.

I'm going to start you right now.

Here we go.

All right.

I'm just anything I could plug anything.

Anything you want to take as much time as you need.

No, you're going to dock me.

Uh, check out, uh, Palm Coffee in Burbank, California.

Oh, really?

You like that place?

Yeah, what's OK?

Is that where you're you spend the majority of your time or?

I'm not telling you that, man.

I go if I were to go there, would I be there?

Yeah.

What are the chances?

What day?

Mm hmm.

I'm not sure you're holding unplugged Palm Coffee, Burbank, California.

Thursdays, Thursdays, four to six.

Four to four to six is when you're there.

Usually because my knees have already shattered.

You have to say I'm done.

Otherwise, I'm done.

Clock is still running.

I'm done.

Forty seven seconds.

OK, so I have to get you out at three thirty and forty seven seconds.

Is that OK?

It's three twenty eight now.

All right.

Super Secret Chopper, what are you plugging?

I'm putting another podcast.

I've been reviewing these guys, big grandes, the teachers lounge, and they are getting high marks.

I've heard that so funny.

They're really good.

Yeah, really good.

Good.

That I'm watching them either.

So oh, you're watching this podcast.

Yes.

Really?

That's interesting when they record because it's an audio show.

No, I watch the visualizer.

I play it on iTunes.

I watch the visualizer for the whole hour.

Oh, that sounds fun.

Yeah, I used to do drugs and I do this instead now.

Oh, cool.

Yeah, that's a little sad.

It's worse.

All right, Nikki Sixx, what are you plugging?

I'm going to plug my two one woman shows that I'm touring in New York City at the beginning of June at the Bell House.

They're called Nate and Lade.

So come check them out.

Okay, that sounds great.

And Nikki Seven, are you plugging something?

I'd like to plug Joanne's Fabrics.

Oh, cool.

Some great deals.

Great scissors there from what I've heard.

Yeah, I forget where I heard that, but they have a big supply.

Yeah.

Yeah, good stuff.

I also want to plug well, I mean, other than I'm not also plugging, this is my first plug.

I'm going to be over there at Clusterfest in June doing a live comedy bang bang and a live Are You Talking REM Re-Me with Adam Scott, a special guest on the comedy bang bang.

So go ahead and check us out over there.

And next week, by the way, we have our big 10th anniversary episode.

So come back for that next week.

That's going to be a special episode.

All right, let's close up the old plug bag.

Boy, it's 329.

I'm done for.

Stay here.

I got to go.

No, you're staying here.

Until three thirty and forty six seconds.

It's getting so red.

It's getting a deep red.

This is going to be over in a minute.

They're just jamming.

They're just jamming now.

See, that wasn't so bad.

It jammed for a while.

All right.

Three thirty.

OK, so we have forty six seconds here to go.

Forty seven seconds.

I want to thank you for being on the show.

Super secret chopper.

Always great to see you.

Thank you so much.

And my appraiser.

There's no reason that you would go out there and.

No.

And if you want to leave the check for me, I'm just going to run to the bathroom real quick.

I'll be right back.

OK, no problem.

Yeah, here's here's your check for appearing on the show.

Thank you so much.

And Nikki six, Nikki seven.

Thank you.

Here's your checks for carrying on the show.

Hope you don't spend those all at the same diner.

I know where I'm going.

Whiskey go.

I thought you meant Joanne's Fabrics.

I meant Joanne's Fabrics.

OK, you guys got to get on the same page.

And Tim, what can one say?

I got to go, man.

About a comedian whose work I've admired and.

It was those those recordings I sent to my wife that's going to add to the time of the show to.

Oh, wait, are we technically we're out.

That's adding time.

Yeah, that's that's future time.

It's about the length of the show.

Wait, it's it's about the length of the I thought it was a 330 thing.

You just meant like it's whenever the length of the show gets us to 330.

Yeah, it's like the show.

Well, that's very different than we're late.

Yeah, but what?

Yeah, I got to go, dude.

I'm as good as I'm in the middle of a compliment about how much I love your work.

When you see his show, you are just going to love it.

I think you should leave with Tim Robinson.

It's a wonderful show.

Made me laugh.

CW.

They check out this good thing coming out.

Good thing come out with some sort of like drawings of a thing.

And I'll show you guys later.

OK, yeah, appreciate that.

And time.

All right, that's it.

See you later, Tim.

Thank you.

Bye.

All right.

Bye, everyone.

Bye.

Thanks.

Bye.
