---
layout: page
title: 600. Jason Mantzoukas, Andy Daly [https：⧸⧸cloudfront.wolfpub.io⧸CBB-600-20190502-ZouksDaly-RCv01-PW.mp3].mp3.wav
category: cbb 
---

♫ Music ♫ Sprinkle me.

I can't do this.

Oh no?

I'm sick of it already.

Already?

Yeah!

Wow, this is shocking.

Had a great showing last- I can't- Sorry bingo boy.

Terrible, I'm not gonna say that every week.

I don't think you should.

No, okay.

I'm not into it.

Let me find- By the way, I didn't know you were going to a permanent catchphrase.

That's what this whole quest has been about, is finding a permanent catchphrase to open the show with it.

I can say like, what's up hot dog every week.

Honest to god, did not know that.

That's- well you gotta listen to the show more my dear boy.

I didn't know- I knew you were doing new catchphrases.

I didn't know it was in service of a permanent.

Of course, yes.

As Leonard Nimoy once said, in search of.

In search of what?

He said it once.

Okay.

And then let someone else say it during every other episode of the show.

Yes, got it.

Let me find something different here.

Let me flip through these.

Oh, flipping through those vaginas?

Yeah, a little effing- Just flipping through those V's?

♫ Flipping through those gynies ♫ By the way, Jason Mantzoukas is here.

I'm Scott Aukerman.

This is Comedy Bang Bang.

Hey-o!

600!

Let me welcome you here- 600!

Shut up!

I have one.

Those salty knockers are knocking me flat.

I should pay more attention while walking around the salt lamp store.

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

Salt lamp store is selling salt knockers?

I don't know.

I mean, I'll use it this week.

I'll use it this week.

Wait, do it again though.

Those salty knockers are knocking me flat.

I should pay more attention while walking around the salt lamp store.

I don't even know what a salt lamp store is.

What's a salt lamp?

I'm assuming is a lamp made of salt.

Right.

That's a thing.

Oh, thank you, Sherlock.

Isn't that a thing in like a crystal store or something?

I don't know.

I have no idea.

I don't know.

But why would the salt lamp store sell salt knockers?

Like, I don't understand what that is.

That makes me feel like boobs.

Like, boob knockers.

Like, look at the salt knockers.

No, no, I think it's more like- Look at the salt knockers on her.

Alright, so I'm sorry I said this, but thank you to Supple Knupple 420 for that catchphrase.

Yeah, those salty knockers.

I will not be saying Supple Knupple 420 every week.

I will not be saying that catchphrase every week, unfortunately.

But welcome to Comedy Bang Bang nonetheless.

Is that perfect?

You know what?

Because when I'm getting that boob juice, you know what I want?

Please.

A little bit of salt.

Please, can we not?

600 episodes, we're still dealing with this.

I'm telling you, this show's going to be like this until I get married.

This show has to find me a wife.

Otherwise, this is what the show is.

Once you do get married, please come back on the show and we'll talk about your wife's boobs like this.

By the way, done!

Easy breezy!

Can this be a conversation, Covergirl, that I have with your wife?

Wait, you want me to bring her in to talk to her about her boobs?

I don't want you to bring her in.

I want to be there when you propose so that you can say, will you marry me?

And by the way, here's one other caveat.

Sure.

And I step in.

To do what?

In a tuxedo myself, I presume you'll be in a tuxedo, almost like the bachelor.

I'm going to be nude.

Oh, okay.

Here's the thing.

I'll be in nature's tuxedo myself.

We'll both be nude.

Exactly.

And when I'm used to the woman that I marry, I want to be unencumbered by clothing.

If a boner happens during it, you want to be able to have easy access.

I want her to know this is what you're signing up for for life.

She won't have seen it at that point.

Not at all.

Because we'll have just met.

Look, it's not that kind of show, but I do want you to say- What kind of show is it?

I cannot tell at this point.

I really don't know.

600 EPs in.

I know.

What is this?

By the way, this is completing a hundo.

We will be breaking off another hundo next week.

Congrats.

By the way, let me just say this.

Yes, please do.

Congratulations.

Congratulations on 600 shows.

Thank you so much.

Not to mention, but last week it was 10 years.

10 years.

So many milestones.

Last week.

Thank you so much to anyone who listened to the 10 year, it felt like 10 year show, but a 10 hour podcast that we did in celebration.

I did not listen.

Was it good?

I think it was.

Were you happy with it?

Yeah, people, I got a lot of really nice messages.

Lots of nice reaching out.

Thank you so much to everyone who reached out to tell me how much the show means to you.

And all of the wonderful press we got and the friends of the show who all talked about it in articles and stuff.

I really appreciate that.

I participated.

I talked about it on Vulture.com.

Oh, do you want a trophy for your participation, dear?

Oh boy.

What is this, a new no-no?

But welcome to the show.

I just want to be, I want to be there to say to your betrothed.

Yes.

And may we talk about your boobs?

Oh yeah.

No, no, no.

All the time.

And if not, then Jason will step aside.

And you will marry her and then I will marry cool up, get the show and just talk about her boobs.

How dare you?

You even mentioned her boobs.

I don't want to hear her boobs coming out of your mouth or into your mouth.

Oh boy.

Do you, that's you.

You did that.

You just said all that.

You put it, you put, it's not that kind of show.

I don't, I don't like the influence that you have upon me here.

You know what?

I like it.

I like that.

I like it.

I force you down into the gutter.

You are dragging me down in like the clown from it.

Oh yeah.

You are the clown from it.

Imagine this.

Tana Curry.

The OG.

And then Bill whatever his name is.

Yes, Skarsgard.

Skarsgard.

I would, I think it and it too, it chapter two is coming out very soon.

Uh, I think it would, would have been such a better movie.

Forget all the clown makeup.

Just it's you.

Just me.

Just you.

And you're, and you're like, come on down here.

I was walking down the street and you saw me poke out of a storm drain.

I mean, that would be pretty fucking wild.

It would be wild.

That would be a very uncomfortable scenario.

And I don't think you're like luring anyone down to eat.

You know, and you're just like, I just want to hang.

Hey, want to come watch game of thrones?

You want to have a throne and bone?

Yeah.

Classic throne and bone.

A throne and bone.

Explain what a throne and bone is.

A classic throne and bone is when you invite somebody over to watch game of thrones, you watch it and then you get to the bones and you roll the bones.

There hasn't been that much, uh, uh, sexual activity on the, well, I guess there's, there was Bron had a, had a four way.

I don't know who was interrupted.

Uh, uh, when kyburn is a character on the show is a character on the show.

Is it spelled B R a w N I believe it's B R O N. Okay.

This is as bad as Luke Skywalker and, and you know, all these terrible, terrible Han Solo.

What's great about game of thrones is that there will be all of these deeply uniquely named people, you know, Brianne and torment and all these wonderfully named people.

But then there will be like Kevin, there is the characters.

So weird.

Kevin comes on the Lannister line.

There is Syrian, Thailand, CRC, Kevin, and real name.

And he pops up and people are like, Kevin, just get out of here.

And then remember when they're like, Oh, we need to talk about Kevin.

Oh, Jason man.

Zukas is here.

By the way, from the upcoming Jonathan wick is what's his actual last name.

Jonathan is the title of this movie is Jonathan Steven wick part three parabola.

You play the tick tock man.

And what is your line of dialogue?

And take dog, mr.

Where are you?

Do you just basically show up to tell Keanu Reeves he's got a hurry?

Is that all your entire characters?

I'm not allowed to say whether that is true or not.

When are you allowed to say when can I ask this question?

It's up May 17th in May 17th coming up in a week and a half, a week and a half.

I will be in New York city later this week for the premiere.

That is very exciting.

How was it doing that Keanu?

Nice dude.

Lovely.

Very nice.

I've met him constantly covered in smooches, blood and rain.

And like just a, I cannot imagine what a task it is to make these movies because they are brutal because he doesn't arrive to the set covered in blood, right?

He does.

He said every day, absolutely covered in blood.

They watched that.

Right.

They watched that blood off and then they, cause it's horse blood when he arrives.

Oh yeah.

You can tell.

Yeah.

You can tell.

Yeah.

Horse blood.

They watched that right off.

They throw the fake blood right on him and bing, bang, boom.

We're shooting movies.

It must be so far.

I don't know if you get to do anything that they do in that movie or whether you just like grab him and go, Hey man, Hey man, we got to get out of here.

Right here.

Here are my lines.

Tick tock, Mr. Wick.

Hey man, we got to get out of here.

You're going to finish that pizza.

That's a line I have in the movie.

Do you turn to the camera at the very end after he shot everyone and just say, I could get used to this.

Yup.

Does it happen three times in the, in the, uh, rule of threes rule of threes.

Yeah.

What are the first two times?

I look in the camera and I say, Oh, I can't get used to this.

So the last one's the last one.

The state, oh, I should say this.

Stay all the way through the credits.

Yes.

Okay.

I'm not saying even after the lights come up and the movie screen goes dark, probably 15, 20 minutes.

Now listen, when ushers come in and say, you have to leave the theater, the scene has begun.

That this is like an improv anywhere.

It is a live post credit scene in every theater.

And you do it live.

I am in every theater.

I'm running around.

Wow.

My schedule is outrageous.

Incredible.

I'm popping into do post credit scenes all over the country.

So just stay right in your seat.

Right where you are.

If they try and come in and try to grab you to take you, it's part of the thing.

Just say I am an American.

I have measles.

I'm at the movies.

The special code word is get the fuck off me.

Get the fuck off me.

I have measles.

This is America.

And a world of post credit scenes will open up to you that really are very necessary to the movie.

I really, I just saw that article that someone had an outbreak of the measles.

A person with the measles was at Avengers Endgame.

I mean look, you get the measles.

Is that a marketing campaign against Avengers?

Do you think?

It could be.

If you get the measles though, what better way to just spend three hours and try to plow through it.

Guys, if you have measles, do not go to the movies.

Do not go in fact anywhere other than the hospital.

I mean like maybe Jason, you're a hypochondriac.

I don't like it.

You're a, you're a hyper hypochondriac.

I am on this measles thing.

This is stressing me out.

As far as I can tell, you have like some sort of alert system to like, yes, well that alert system is a friend of mine and all we do is send each other articles about the measles outbreak and the Ebola outbreak.

This is a similarly hypochondriac friend.

Yes it is.

Okay.

Yes it is.

Is someone I know or just, oh dear.

It is somebody you know.

I can't think of anyone who has.

It's not somebody you know well.

It's not somebody you know.

All right, sure.

It's somebody you know.

Maybe I do know them well.

Oh, I don't want to get into this.

That's not, it's not.

Maybe I'm a really good friend and just, they've never talked about it with you.

It's a very, very deep friend of yours.

Jesus Christ.

You know what?

I can have my own friends.

I don't like it.

I can have my own friends.

Please register all of your friends with me if you would.

Please stop trying to do that friend database where you get everybody to register their friends.

It's very uncomfortable.

The problem was I called a friendster and that was already taken and apparently did not take off.

And then I bought friendster for $80 million.

By the way, solid buy.

Three months ago though.

That's a good buy though.

You know what you got to do.

It's a real good buy.

Start making TV shows.

Yeah boy.

You got to start making TV shows.

Man, remember those good years?

Hey, you know what?

I just sold that pitch.

Oh.

I'm just kidding.

Did your Siri just go off?

Siri?

What's going on?

Sorry.

I'm playing with my phone and I hit a button.

Aren't you supposed to say Siri before it goes off?

No.

You know what?

It's set up right now.

And what did it say?

Did it say, should I start making TV shows?

It said, should I start making TV shows, which is what they're doing now.

Look, they may as well.

That's what I meant.

Apple TV.

Apple is doing that.

Tim Apple announced that he's going to...

Just let Siri come up with it all.

That he's going to let AI just start making all their TV shows.

Aye.

Terrible, terrible stuff.

Please turn your phone off.

Stop playing with it because we...

This is episode 600.

This is very important.

We can't have this kind of foolishness.

This is significant.

Okay.

You have been the guest on episode 200.

You have been the guest on episode 300.

You have been the guest on episode 400.

You have been on 550.

I believe you may have been on 500.

I'm not sure.

I don't remember.

I bet you were.

You know better.

So I need you to be focused.

I need you to be all in.

I need you to push your chips to the center of the table.

I'm here bringing classic Aukerman Manzukas.

Bring the heat.

We've talked about boobs.

The end.

We've talked about boning.

Oh man.

What else do you have?

Why aren't there comedy bang bang shirts that have boobs on them?

I mean why aren't there shirts in general that have boobs on them?

That has a graphic of boobs on it dripping milk.

We already have the big dog shirt.

For my show.

Which is the grossest shirt we've ever sold.

By the way, I have ordered one.

I am excited to wear my big dog shirt.

I don't know.

Look, I would feel embarrassed to have that out.

Woof woof.

Eat shit.

Woof woof.

Spelled wrong.

I would have that embarrassed to have that out in the world.

Out in the universe.

The dripping milk t-shirt?

Yeah.

You're a coward.

I am.

You're a coward.

I'm a little fraidy cat.

What do you think?

You think it's like- I think someone will see it, get the wrong idea, and go, oh god.

That's what comedy thing is all about.

The wrong idea?

What?

About what kind of show this is?

The wrong idea about what dripping milk is.

Now here's the question.

What I would love is if the t-shirt can actually lactate.

There's something.

That's okay.

It has like little pocket packs.

Like little things that you can like, like a little bulb that you can like with your hand.

Or maybe it's like when you get shot in a movie.

You know when you were filming all the fight scenes in John Wick 3?

A June Squib?

You know in John Wick 3 when you were firing all the guns at everyone and- No, no, no.

I don't do guns.

My guys all crossbow.

Oh no.

Oh shit.

Yeah, so a little Squibs that just like, you know, from far away via remote control, you can just go- Just like milk explosion.

Just so that you can- And just your t-shirt's wet.

Because it would be great when you saw someone clock the t-shirt and give a look at it.

Like what the fuck?

Then you could be like, boom.

And it just like, just milks.

And before that you go, hey, my eyes are up here.

And then they look up at your eyes and go, I'm sorry.

And then you go, poof.

If I could get any, if I could get any plastic surgery.

Yeah.

Here's the only, not if I could.

Here's the only plastic surgery I'm willing to get.

May I say why you should get some plastic surgery?

Here's the plastic surgery I'm willing to get and I will get it.

Okay.

Maybe this illustrates how long, too long that I've been in Hollywood.

Okay.

Yeah.

Because I'm now thinking of getting plastic surgery.

Sure, of course.

We all have it.

And I'm like, okay, okay.

Maybe that's a thing.

Maybe that will help.

Maybe whatever.

If you ever see any movie, 100% of the actors have plastic surgery.

Absolutely.

And we will too.

We're just shopping for it right now.

We're just like, you know, very- I'm gonna have- And if there are any plastic surgeons who want to advertise on the show, code bang bang gets you 10% off at checkout.

Oh yeah.

And it's 10% of each boob.

If you're putting boobs in.

Here's what I would do.

10% on.

They add 10% to the weight of them.

Oh, that's the thing.

With your comedy bang bang code, you get every C becomes a D, every D becomes a double D.

Even if you don't want it and you just want the C.

Add a cup size.

Yeah.

We're going to plus that cup.

And the plastic surgery I would get would be to have milk ducts put into my breasts so that my nips became functional nips that could feed a baby.

That would be fun.

And just a baby.

You don't want your partner or- Nope.

Nope.

I'm here to feed a baby.

I'm here to bond with a child.

Then let me tell you, we wouldn't need to have women involved.

We wouldn't need to have women involved when we give birth.

We can just adopt all the babies.

And breastfeeding them.

Hey, come on, baby.

I feel like I said Shelby Schecker.

Previous episode.

Oh, sorry.

I don't need to do a previously on comedy bang bang, although we should for the dripping milk.

By the way, one entire episode should just be previously on comedy bang bang.

And then you hear every single, you hear an entire episode and you're like, and then it's like, thanks for listening.

Wow.

Well, speaking of thanks for listening, thanks to everyone out there for listening to this.

Episode 600, very important.

Look, I have on one of my bestest bros here on episode 600, but we also- So excited to do this with you, my friend.

Yes, exactly.

But we can't just sit here jawing forever.

We need to bring other people into the mix.

Absolutely.

And we can't have- We've already run out of things to talk about.

We've already covered our two topics.

So we do need to bring on another guest and it can't be someone who's been on as many episodes as you.

In fact, I believe this person's been on one episode that I can think of, episode 74.

And perhaps maybe on a- I was on that episode.

Yeah, you were.

That's one of my episodes.

You know the numbers of every episode you were on?

I do.

List them off.

Oh yeah, sure.

Here we go.

And we'll put in the drop after this.

No.

I've been on, I think I was told during the course of this, 43 episodes of this show.

43 episodes.

Wow.

It's amazing.

Think you'll make 44?

I doubt it.

I don't know.

Oh, this is 44 I think.

This is the 44th.

I assume.

Wow.

A lot of stats on this show.

So if you have come for numbers, you are- Well, you guys partnered with Nate Silver for this episode, right?

Yeah, definitely.

We're sponsored by Nate Silver.

Five thirty eight.

We need to bring on our guest.

You know what I would like?

You know what?

If I'm hiring someone, I'm not hiring Nate Silver.

I want to hire Nate Gold.

Yes.

You know what I mean?

Nate Platinum.

Guess what I don't want?

The second place guy.

Just go get Nate Bronze if that's good enough for you.

Yeah.

You know what?

Hey, Gary Bronze.

You want to help me out with these stats?

Go get Kevin.

Hey, you're a sek- you're a runner up, Silver.

You piece of shit.

Nate shit.

What about Nate shit?

That's something.

Nate shit.

How about Nate thumbs up, Nate thumbs down?

Yeah, exactly.

Oh, God.

I'm so sick of this guy that I barely know anything about.

Can't believe we're feuding with Nate Silver.

But let's bring on a guest who we are not feuding with.

And that's interesting that you've met him before.

I'm excited.

You were on 70- episode 74.

In fact, I was.

He is a storyteller from Ireland.

From Ireland.

Yes.

And he's here to tell stories.

Oh, and this is an interesting bit of trivia.

Interesting.

He is the brother of Seamus McMahon.

That's- oh.

The storyteller?

Yeah, the story- the famous Irish storyteller.

Who won the Edinburgh Festival in the- like four years in a row?

That's crazy.

Oh, wow.

Okay, well.

BAFTA award winning Seamus McMahon?

Oh, yeah.

He won the BAFTA.

He's totally got a begot.

A begot?

Yeah.

He's got the BAFTA.

And then the regular e-god.

And then the regular e-god, yeah.

Please welcome to the- back to the show for the first time in about nine years, Patrick McMahon.

Hello!

How are you?

I'm so good.

It's wonderful to be here.

How are you, Patrick?

I'm fine.

You remember Jason Manzou?

I do, I remember you.

You were here the last time I came here.

And you remember me.

I'm the host of the show.

Were you here as well?

I remembered this one.

Yeah.

Yeah, we had a good time.

We had a good dog here.

And we were in a different studio entirely in a different building.

Different building.

And that was, that's my wonderful dog who passed away since then.

I don't know if that interests you at all or- The death of dogs?

Yes.

I'm fairly interested in death of dogs.

Yeah.

Does it inspire you?

Does death in general, do you talk about death in your stories?

Certainly, yes, of course.

Well, as you know, I'm an Irish storyteller.

I tell old stories from the old country.

Old stories.

New stories.

Yes, of course.

But I tell old stories and I tell new stories and I tell new stories about the old times, classic stories, Irish mythology.

You ever do a previously on during one of your stories and it's just the old story?

Previously on, no, I've never done a previously on Patrick McMayons.

Previously on Patrick McMayons.

On Patrick McMayons stories.

And then it would be a story I had told before.

Is it like you're telling the oral history of your people?

Oh, sometimes it does feel like that, doesn't it?

Yes.

It's sort of the old classic Irish mythology stories of wee people and creatures and whatnot.

Oh, wait, wait.

Can I ask you a question about these stories?

But I've got a beef as well.

Can I just say I've got a real beef.

You want to start off with a beef?

I do want to start off with a beef.

I'll accept.

Ooh, yeah.

Because I specifically told the Booker, okay?

Sure.

Because I'm here, I'm promoting a show.

I'm promoting a tour of my own storytelling.

Oh, you're touring around?

I'm touring around.

Theater tour?

Yes, well, it's mostly pubs and street corners.

And I specifically told the Booker.

I said, please don't mention my brother Seamus.

It's true that my brother Seamus is a very famous- I cannot tell you what a fan I am of Seamus.

Please don't.

He's great.

I apologize.

From all the information we got with your Booker, that was highlighted and circled?

It was.

Yes, it was.

I remember my father introducing me to him when he was on PBS.

He had a special on PBS.

Oh, I remember that.

That was a very famous...

And that was back when nothing was on TV.

No, there was nothing.

And so we were just like, anything that's on TV is great to watch.

And he was so funny.

Well, he wasn't that funny, though.

Interesting.

It's just as you say, it wasn't that funny.

So funny and then so heartbreaking, too.

I mean, it was certainly humorous and- I don't know.

No, the heart never broke.

Your heart never broke.

A lot of punchlines.

A lot of tears.

That's not true.

I don't think anyone ever cried or laughed.

I don't remember crying or laughter with Seamus.

I remember my mouth, the corners of it going up and then the corners going down and just fluctuating going up, down, up, down, down.

I remember that was the first time I saw my father cry.

Yeah.

Was watching Seamus McMahon.

It could have been allergy season and he might have had something.

You know, he might have had something in his eyes.

Perhaps, I guess.

Yeah.

We cry for all sorts of different reasons.

It might have had nothing to do with Seamus's work, which is, you know, it's all right.

It's all right.

It's hard to account for his popularity.

I can say that that may be one of the reasons why you were booked on this show is because that is a thing of interest.

I mean, would one book Frank Stallone if Sylvester Stallone did not exist?

You've had Frank Stallone on this show.

I have, yeah.

He's a great friend.

So this is akin to us having Frank Stallone on.

If Sylvester Stallone did not exist, can you imagine the heights to which Frank Stallone might have gone without constantly having people tell him?

Here, hold on.

Because this is a world without Rocky.

This is a world without Creed.

Creed 2.

Or is it a world in which Frank Stallone did all those?

Oh, that's interesting.

That could be.

Like, clearly Jackie Stallone is driving those boys.

Right.

She raises them to be excellent.

So Frank is in Stop or My Mother Will Shoot.

The best story about Stop or My Mother Will Shoot or My Mom Will Shoot is that Arnold Schwarzenegger feigned interest in doing that movie because he knew that Stallone was so competitive with him.

That he would do it?

Then Stallone went and got it for himself.

But Schwarzenegger had no interest in doing the movie.

He just did it to fuck with Stallone.

Stuff like that ever happen to you with Seamus?

That's extraordinary.

Has stuff like that ever happened to me with Seamus?

Well, you know, every once in a while I will hear that Seamus is thinking of taking a booking and then I'll call and I say I'll do it for half that much.

And a lot of those bookings...

Do they accept that or do they say try to get that price down a little further?

Oh, yeah.

Well, that's just an opening bid.

You know, eventually you end up...

He's very expensive to get to book, I would imagine.

Well, sure.

Yeah, yeah, sure.

And I remember my dad again.

It's just that my dad was such a treasured memory.

Such an introduction to this world for me.

But your dad, you've talked about him.

He's a stoic guy who doesn't crack a lot.

Like, you know, New England, you know, like all this kind of stoicism.

All the terrible...

Greece and New England.

Yeah, but these kind of things would really kind of punctuate his stoic demeanor.

I remember he gave me Seamus McMahon's The Record Stories About My Brother.

Oh, that's a classic.

And that was like, I remember he won the Grammy for that.

Right.

That was like a gold record.

Such a heartbreaking life that he had to put up with all those things.

Well, now that I'm thinking about it, that must have been about you, Patrick.

I didn't know the people in this country were familiar with The Record Stories About My Brother.

Stories About My Brother was like a huge...

I really had no idea that people knew about it.

I might not have come to America if I had known.

Oh, well.

Stories About My Brother by Seamus McMahon was such a...

Yeah, I mean, some of those stories about the things that you were up to.

And then the live record, More Stories About My Brother.

And then the third in the trilogy of, hey, we're not going to be live anymore, but here are some more stories about my brother.

Because you wanted it, more stories of my brother.

That was a big argument because he felt strongly that if the previous album had been live and this one's not, you've got to say so in the title.

And it was a real argument.

Well, you guys set the table.

I think he was wrong.

I think people would have just accepted it.

People would have just accepted it.

Some of those stories he told about you, that's...

Well, you have to understand that Seamus is a liar and Seamus is an asshole.

And he's just the sort of person that say whatever he wants to say without even thinking of the repercussions or without even thinking that for the rest of his brother's life, people are going to be coming up to him and saying, did you really try to cut off your own foot?

Crap like that.

That's the weirdest...

Now that's ringing a bell.

Why would you try to cut off your own foot?

Because I was so inspired by the film, My Left Foot.

Yeah, but he had both of his feet.

It's just that he used his...

Oh my God.

Oh, that's making me laugh so hard remembering it.

Were you inspired by it in just the title?

You didn't actually see it?

I had not gone to see it.

I'd seen the poster and I'd seen just the reviews of it.

And the people were excited about it.

Of course, you see Daniel Day-Lewis win the Oscar for that.

Well, that's the thing.

When you hear a title like My Left Foot, you think, this is a guy who got his right foot cut off.

That's what you assume all he's got is his left foot.

So I...

Yes, of course.

Well, yes.

So that one happens to be true.

How did you try to cut it off?

Did you...

I mean, I would imagine you'd have to strap your leg to it.

Maybe with a guillotine or something?

I mean, I can't even imagine.

I don't think you would.

No, no.

Doesn't he get a foot guillotine?

A foot guillotine?

Well, I tried a lot of different ways and that was one of them.

But the first one was just, you know, I did what you would do.

I went down to the train.

Sure.

I went to the lane across the train track.

Yeah.

I just put my foot across the train track.

Yeah, of course, of course.

Right.

Yeah.

What happened with that one?

Well, they saw me from far enough away.

Oh, they just stopped?

And I had...

I drank a whole lot of whiskeys because I didn't want to feel it.

Oh, yeah.

And I had a train conductor kicking me the head saying, get your fucking foot off the train.

And so...

Yeah.

So then the next thing is, did you get like a guillotine for dolls?

Because there's a lot of that.

A lot of little girls like cutting off their dolls' heads.

The American Girl Dolls store has a whole French Revolution line of dolls.

Well, I wish I'd thought of that because what I did was I went all the way to France and I found like a descendant of guillotine to make it for me.

Wow.

You did?

An original guillotine?

Yeah.

Well, the guillotine family is still in the guillotine business.

Oh, yeah.

Of course.

They get a monopoly on guillotine.

Oh, yeah.

I mean, it's like Kleenex.

It's right there in the...

That's about right.

Yeah.

If you want a real guillotine, you've got to go to a guillotine.

Yeah.

So, yeah, I had to...

It's sort of like the great, great, great, great.

So how long did it take him to...

Him or her?

I'm sorry.

You said descendant.

I don't know whether it's a him, a her.

And neither do I.

Oh, really?

Because you never get to see the person.

Oh, are they cloaked?

They're behind a black screen.

Oh, wow.

And speaking through a voice changing device.

Oh, wow.

Because they are committed.

Yeah.

It's like why you cloak the executioner because they don't want to be known as...

When they're just walking around the town like, hey, I'm the guy who chops off everyone's head.

That's right.

Yeah.

Well, I think they're a they.

Right.

And so it took a year and a half to craft because I said in particular, it's not just the size.

I want it to be specifically designed to get through an ankle.

Yeah.

Right.

Yeah.

And to cut off a foot.

Also, your foot is bigger than your ankle.

So it's like you got to fit your entire foot through the hole.

That's right.

But then you don't want the hole so big.

You don't put the you just have to put a...

I don't know what this guillotine is like.

No, but he's right.

That was part of the challenge because with a regular guillotine, right, your head is smaller than your shoulders, right?

Right.

Yeah.

So it's like a foot and an ankle in a way.

It's the opposite.

It's the opposite problem.

You have to lay your head down and then they put a thing over your head to hold you in place so you can't get off.

But that's the thing.

You don't have an accomplice in this, I would imagine.

Well, that was part of the problem.

The way that guillotine designed the foot guillotine is it really did need another person.

Oh, okay.

Yeah.

So and that was hard to find.

I had to go to Germany to find somebody to operate the foot guillotine.

So wait now, who did you find in Germany?

Because I know a guy in Germany.

I put out an ad and he was some fellow from a pretzel factory or something like that.

Seems to imagine we all know all the same people.

It can't be possible.

Yeah.

All I remember is that he was a pretzel maker and he was...

A pretzel maker, that's ringing.

He just needed some money for a vacation.

Yeah.

He's a twisted sort.

I think we know this guy.

That's a pretzel maker joke.

Oh, that is funny.

That's a good joke about pretzels.

So you never cut off your foot or maybe you did.

I'm not looking down there.

No, because at the end of the story, you know, Seamus says he doesn't cut off the foot because when Seamus walks in and sees that he's in there, he yells at him, slaps him around.

Oh, that's such a funny, but he tells it so funny.

I don't think it's funny.

So many stories end with you getting slapped around and it makes me laugh so hard.

A lot of them do.

He's like the Three Stooges.

He's just funny when he's slapping you around.

It made me understand what physical comedy is.

Yeah, truly.

And without seeing it, too, because we're listening to these stories.

But the way he describes slapping you and just the way you're crying and you're sort of begging and you're like, well, now that all of that, at one point, you're like, hey, I'll, you know, perform oral sex on you if you stop.

You say, yeah, yeah, yeah.

And then you cry so hard that you shit your pants.

The funny thing is that it's actually, it all happens the other way around.

It all happens the other way around.

When you shit your pants first.

No, no, it's him that's begging me.

And then backwards?

Is he shitting your pants?

No, he doesn't.

He's never once shit my pants.

And I don't know if he claims to on any of his albums.

There is that one record, I shit my brother's pants.

And by the way, I invited the audience back.

That's the name of the record is I shit my brother's pants.

And by the way, I've invited the audience back.

I mean, that one was not very popular.

Maybe that was only in the States.

It's a 45.

It's a short one.

Well, he's never shit my pants.

But he shit his own pants again and again and begs me to stop slapping him around.

That's what happens.

I slap him.

That's right.

I slap him.

Why?

Why would you slap your brother?

Because he's an asshole and he's telling stories about...

Well, that's not a good story.

The funny story is like, look how dumb my brother is.

And I slap him around and he shits his pants.

He begs me to perform fellatio on me.

And I say, it's too gross.

You shit your pants.

I never did that.

The story where you go to the bar, you get absolutely drunk and you buy a new Vespa.

But when you show it to him, it's a sheep.

You bought a sheep and are riding it around thinking it's a Vespa.

Thinking you're going as fast as a Vespa.

And you keep saying all these Italian catchphrases because you think it's a Vespa.

None of that happened.

I bought a sheep one night at a bar whose name was Vespa and I did ride him home.

And he made up the rest.

He went wild with all the rest.

That's not too much to make up.

It's a very similar story you told.

And I did sell the car.

The only difference is the cognizance of the sheep.

I traded my car for the sheep because I thought I was going to be riding the sheep to work.

What kind of car was that?

The car that I had was one of them tiny little Trebonnes.

Oh, OK.

Yeah.

Well, that's kind of a lateral move then.

To a sheep.

That's amazing that you are here these 10 years later.

Ten years later.

Touring.

Nine years since the last time we've seen you.

Continuing to try and do the thing that your brother is the best at.

Well, but I'm better than him.

Right.

Let's say that.

Let's just get that out.

I don't remember every detail of episode 74, but I don't recall you necessarily blowing us away.

Well, here's the thing.

You talk about what a storyteller you are, but I seem to remember mostly just limericks.

Well, I'm from Limerick, Ireland.

Oh, so you're a limerick man.

No, I'm not a limerick.

No, I don't do limericks.

The town is called Limerick, but I'm a storyteller.

And I do remember that being a confusion last time.

Because everyone books you expecting to hear wonderfully funny limericks.

A lot of the time.

So when you're from Limerick, Ireland, that's when you're a limerick.

But I recall that being a problem.

I wouldn't meet someone from Limerick, Ireland and say, tell me a story.

No.

And you must know.

I would ask that of like somebody from Storyville, Ireland.

You must know certain limericks.

I don't know that there's a place in Ireland called Storyville.

Well, where all the Irish stories come from.

By that logic, you'd never get a story.

You must know some limericks that you can bust out in situations like this where people have booked you assuming that you know limericks and then you want to get paid for the gig, right?

Really, your pride.

I haven't got any limits on that.

Your pride is you have so much pride that you refuse to learn limericks, even though it means you will not get paid for the gig.

That's right.

Isn't that a rejection of your home place?

Yeah.

Of Limerick, Ireland.

To reject a limerick is to reject your hometown.

Aren't you proud of your heritage?

Do you have no pride and honor?

I have enormous pride in Limerick, Ireland.

I love Limerick, Ireland.

And it's not like people walk around telling limericks all the time.

Seamus McMahon has that three record set of limericks.

Oh, yeah.

There's a lot of limericks.

It's the high limericks, smarty smart, low limericks, which is all the dirty ones.

And then that whole third record was limericks about my brother.

Limericks about my brother.

Limericks.

I can do limericks.

What was the one limerick he said about Patrick?

The one about like...

Oh, yeah.

He had a limerick about me.

It was a real good one.

Well, he had a whole set.

You remember?

Yeah.

It was like it was all about his your bum.

It was...

Oh, shit.

Sun fun bum, I think was where it was.

Yeah, it's an imperfect rhyme scheme.

Yeah.

But it was funny.

But it was funny and humor trumps everything.

Yeah.

Wow.

So you do know limericks you're saying?

Well, sure.

Sure.

I can do a fucking limerick.

Anybody can.

Anyone can do limericks.

You're going to be stupid to try.

Anybody can do it.

Sure.

He was famous and everyone loved him because he was famous.

That's true.

But he was...

I would say he's famous because everyone loved him.

Oh, he's probably one of the most famous people.

His work was so great that people loved him, which made him famous.

But anyway, go ahead.

But he was really a prick and he was really a dick.

And so thought our mother who named us.

Wow.

Pretty good.

That's almost as good as like a Seamus one.

Yeah.

It's so... it really is very convenient that prick and dick.

Yes.

Very similar words that mean the same thing.

You know what I mean?

But it happens to be multiple things.

There are certain redundancies within that limerick.

A prick and a dick means the same thing in its one meaning of a penis.

It also means the same thing in its other meaning of, you know, a jerk.

Or to prick something as well.

You know?

I guess you can't dick something.

You can.

I dicked my finger.

You can dick something.

It's not exact.

So yeah, that's where it falls apart.

You can dick someone.

All right, Jason.

Hey-o!

So, anyway.

Just ladies, if you're single, reach out to me at scottaukerman at twitter.com.

Please do not.

I do have these ladies and I never pass them on to you.

Is that right?

Yeah.

So now you're here to do a tour.

That's right.

Of some of your stories.

I did.

In fact, matter of fact, I took the boat over from...

Oh, that's fun.

The same one that, you know, a lot of Irish people's ancestors took.

That's right.

Across the Atlantic by boat.

It felt like you're on the Titanic.

And then I took a train all the way here.

All the way here?

It was like a four day train ride.

It was getting to see your beautiful country.

When you do that, when you take the boat over, is it something that is like, are you performing on the boat?

Is there any component of it where you are working, you know, that it's not a cruise ship I know.

Right.

Well, it was a situation where Seamus had told me that he had got a real sweet gig on a boat.

And so I called the boat and I said, I'll do it for half as much.

Right.

And then what did they get you down to?

It ended up being like, you know, I'd be a couple bucks.

Yeah.

So like 0.001% of what he would make or something.

Maybe something like that.

That's right.

And then it ended up being a really...

Did you have to pay for the trip?

I did.

I had to pay him a ticket.

Oh, wow.

I did have to pay him a ticket.

But it was, of course, a reduced fare, but it ended up being mostly washing dishes in the kitchen.

Oh, interesting.

It ended up being primarily washing dishes in the kitchen.

So less storytelling.

Well, they didn't mind if I told stories to the kitchen staff.

Oh, okay.

And who else worked in the...

Those galleys, as I recall, are very small.

Very, very small.

Yeah.

And I believe a lot of stuff now, especially on the modern ships, is automated.

Right.

Yeah.

It's a lot of the...

Yeah.

It's a lot of loading the dishwasher.

It's mostly the job.

Right.

So not a lot of staff to tell these stories to?

By and large, for the most part, it's myself down there in the galley.

But they didn't mind if I told stories.

That's nice.

Yeah.

So it's good, I guess, to maybe practice to workshop your...

That's right.

You know, because you've got this tour coming up.

You want to be ready.

The big tour, which starts here.

Oh, really?

This is the start of the tour.

It starts here in Los Angeles.

Well, certainly the...

Oh, okay.

Yeah.

I was going to say, not this podcast.

Well, this is the start of the tour.

This podcast.

Do you want...

Would you like to tell a story?

I mean, is that something that you want to give a...

Tell you what.

I think we need to take a break.

Sure.

All right.

Are you prepared to tell a story when we get back here?

I'd be happy to tell you a story.

This is exciting.

I mean, we have all heard Seamus McMann's stories.

And I mean, considering he makes...

I mean, we've heard Seamus' stories about...

About Patrick.

Patrick.

Yes.

Right.

Yeah.

So if there are even, you know, a tenth as good as Seamus' which is, I'm presuming you get paid less than a tenth of what he gets paid.

But even if it's somewhere around there, this will be very entertaining.

You know what?

I'm excited mostly because I feel as though whatever Patrick does, it will remind me of Seamus at the very least.

That's true.

There'll be an echo of that.

Yeah.

Right.

So I've only seen 20 of his specials, so it's not like I have his face memorized.

I've stared at his album covers.

Oh yeah.

I saw him...

I had the posters.

I saw him live on tour last year when he came through and played the Staples Center.

Sure.

I may have gone to a few cities.

Staples Center.

That's a big venue.

With a Lakers play.

Right.

Yeah.

But...

Irish storytelling is really popular in the States.

Yeah.

I mean, no idea.

When you're Seamus McMann, Seamus McMann is not just popular in the States.

He's popular...

I have the Live in Tokyo record.

Oh my God.

Yeah.

He's enormous there.

Yeah.

In Tokyo.

A lot of people think that it's because Fukushima happened the night, the day after his performance, that that was somehow he caused a nuclear reaction.

Really?

Some sort of...

Well, I wouldn't be surprised.

That sounds like him.

Yeah.

So when we come back, you're going to tell a story and it'll be fine.

What do you mean it'll be fine?

Well, it'll be 10 times better than anything you've ever heard.

I'm so excited.

I don't want to set expectations high like we're going to hear something that's just Seamus did, but...

It's going to be 30,000 times better than anything Seamus ever even tried to fucking do.

I also think it's going to be nice for the audience.

You know, 600 episodes of bips and bits and bops and all this nonsense.

Yeah, yeah, and a lot of nonsense.

And here we are like a real bit of culture.

We're just relaxing a little bit.

A real bit of like something...

That is what it's going to be.

Yeah.

Irish storytelling is a sensual tradition.

We're going to slow down the pace to a crawl when we come back.

And we're just going to be like, you know that fast paced comedy show that I really enjoy?

Let's put that out of our minds and just like live in this moment of just like, what are we even doing?

Yes.

Oh, it'll be wonderful.

Yeah.

So we're going to do that when we come back.

We will be right back with more TikTok man.

We'll be right back with more Patrick McMahon.

We will be right back with more...

TikTok Mr. Ockerman.

Comedy Bang Bang after this.

Comedy Bang Bang, we're back here with Jason Mantzoukas from the upcoming John Wick Parabellum.

What is the Parabellum?

You know, I don't know.

You don't even know.

I don't know.

I assumed it was a different way of saying problem.

It is.

Okay.

It is.

It's the John Wick problem.

It's the John Wick three problem.

He's right.

Well, he had a few Parabellums in the last two movies.

Oh boy.

Nothing but Parabellums.

Yeah.

99 Parabellums as far as I know.

But a bitch is one because a bitch is a female dog.

And his dog is, spoiler alert, by the way, if you haven't seen, oh man, I tried to get that spoiler alert in right before.

Oh.

For one.

For John Wick one.

Yeah.

That's the inciting incident for the John Wick movies.

Bad guys kill his dog.

If you do not like to see dogs die, do not go see that.

And if you love seeing dogs die, then go see that.

And you love seeing dogs die?

Speaking of.

Yeah, I don't mind watching a dog die.

Because my dog passed away in the nine years since you've been here and you met him.

Yeah.

I just have a different relationship to like their pets and their pets' lives.

Well, you know, in Ireland, a dog tends to be a working dog out there with the sheep and whatnot.

Yeah.

Yes, that's right.

Yeah.

I said her and the sheep.

Rounding up the sheep and exchanging cars for them.

Yeah, that's right.

So now before the break, we were talking to Patrick McMahon here, who is a storyteller, an Irish storyteller from Limerick, Ireland.

And he has a story that he's out on tour right now.

And the tour starts here in Los Angeles and he has a story he wants to tell us.

So I remember the last time I was here, there was a bit of a confusion, perhaps a cultural problem that I tell stories about a character named Johnny McGorry.

And last time you guys were like, well, that sounds like it's a story about you, but it's not stories about me.

It's a story about Johnny McGorry.

These are a fictional character who's very popular in Ireland.

Johnny McGorry?

Is there somebody you know?

Fictional character?

No, he's just a fictional character.

Got it.

Fictional character named Johnny McGorry.

Mm hmm.

It's a lot like Jack from Fables.

There's a lot of Fables that have the name Jack.

It's a common thing.

In Ireland, a lot of storytellers talk about Johnny McGorry.

Right.

Yeah, that's right.

They do.

It is right?

You don't sound convinced.

Well, it's really my thing.

Oh, it's my thing.

So Johnny McGorry is a character that is like, that is your creation, like a Harry Potter is J.K.

Rowling.

I can't say I invented him.

It's quite common for an Irish story to begin to tell you a story about Johnny McGorry.

It is.

Okay, great.

Right.

But it's really my thing more than anybody else at this point.

I've really taken it on.

I'm only saying this.

I only want clarification because I've never heard Seamus tell a Johnny McGorry story.

No, he mainly talks about my dumb brother, Patrick.

My shit for brains brother, Patrick, with shit leaking out of his nose from his brain down into his mouth.

Which is not true.

That's a good example.

I think he refers to him mostly as the weed dumb cunt.

Yeah, which, you know, I think.

Which is like two of those.

Think about that.

The weed dumb cunt.

Yeah, I've thought about it.

I've thought about it.

I've seen three insults in a row without redundancy.

Yeah.

That's impressive.

You're little, you're stupid, and frankly, you're that other thing which encompasses so much of the rest.

Well, he's a prick and a dick.

Yeah.

See, those are kind of the same.

Yeah.

All right.

So Patrick, calm down.

Sit down, please.

You don't need to stand.

Fine.

Just sit down.

Fine.

Now, Patrick, you're going to tell us a story and this is about Johnny McGorry, the aforementioned Johnny McGorry.

That's right.

It's a classic story from Ireland and Irish mythology.

Tell me, begin it.

Is that how you start normally?

Asking people if you should or?

He's in the middle of a story.

What are you doing?

Oh, sorry.

This is part of it.

Yeah.

I'll tell you a story about Johnny McGorry.

Well, once upon a time, there was a fella named Johnny McGorry and he was a fabulous storyteller and everybody said so and everyone agreed and everyone loved him and he had a brother, Johnny McGorry did, who was a real pain in the ass.

He was a real, he was a real jerk.

He was, he was, he was, he was we and a dumb and a cunt and nobody liked his brother.

And so one day, Johnny, to do a favor for the world, hit his brother over the head with a lamp and dragged him into the basement and tied him up and told him from now on, you're writing stories for me to tell.

And from that day forward, Johnny McGorry's brother was writing stories for Johnny to tell and then Johnny planned a big tour of America to tell those stories and become super famous and then he ran into a leprechaun and got his pot of gold.

That's the end.

Oh wow.

Okay.

How do you think of that story?

A classic story of Irish mythology.

There's so little about it that has to do with being Irish.

Yeah.

It seems very specific to...

So much of it is just familial anger.

What do you mean?

There's something to do with being Irish?

It's all about the wee leprechaun and the pot of gold and Johnny McGorry...

That was just the last sentence.

That seemed like a day in the heart.

Johnny McGorry always wants to get himself, to get his hands on a pot of gold from a leprechaun.

Okay.

See that was not set up in the beginning of the story.

Oh wow.

You think you would start with that of like, you know, usually you start with the hero's wants.

Yes.

If it's going to be a quest for a pot of gold, we have to know that that's the quest.

This was like about abduction and familial jealousy.

Yeah.

Johnny McGorry is...

Johnny McGorry, it makes me feel like, cause is Johnny McGorry in this instance, a Seamus?

Is Johnny McGorry is Seamus, the best of Ireland storytellers?

Yeah.

Is...

What are you talking about?

Is Johnny McGorry, is Seamus your brother Johnny McGorry?

No, no, no.

This is a made up fictional story.

So do you write stories about Seamus?

This is a made up fictional story about a wee little fellow named Johnny McGorry who wants to get his hands on a leprechaun.

So did your brother kidnap someone and put them in the famous and that, or in the basement rather?

And that's how he became famous?

No.

I don't mind.

You know what?

I would love to hear another Johnny McGorry story because I'm curious.

I would think it would be smart if you were doing all stories about your brother.

That's pretty bright.

Here's stories about my brother and there may be an audience, maybe not.

We'll see who shows up.

Huh.

What's the, I don't even know what you're talking about.

They are telling stories about your brother being the greatest Irish storyteller.

I wouldn't do that.

Is this like his...

Johnny McGorry, is this your brother Seamus' origin story of how he became famous?

The McGorry origin story?

Purely fictional little stories about Ireland and mythical creatures in Ireland.

Okay.

But in the story, there had been a tour planned in America.

Which Seamus went on that tour, remember?

Yes.

Of course.

Radio City Musical.

These are such big dates.

Jason, I just think that he's...

Oh no.

I mean, let's just hear him out.

Let's hear another one.

You have another story?

And I did enjoy, frankly, I will say specifically, not that you're looking for feedback, but I loved the part at the end with the leprechaun because that did clue me in that it was an Irish story.

Yeah.

Is this how your performances normally go?

Is you get feedback after them?

No, not at all.

And people critique them?

No, it's usually just me in the corner of a pub telling me stories and sometimes people just sit there and listen and enjoy them.

Okay.

Great.

Sometimes people listen and enjoy.

Well, yeah, sometimes.

Sometimes they'll play pool or they'll play darts or just watch television.

And so do you just kind of saunter up and start telling a story?

Right.

It's an Irish tradition.

I like that.

That's an Irish tradition of storytelling in a pub.

A stranger wandering in, joining your group and regaling you with a story specific to the region.

Do these pubs these days have jukeboxes now with, you know, playing loud music?

A lot of the time, yes.

You've got to shout over the loud music or you've got to ask them, will you please turn off the jukebox?

Or unplug it.

Because I've been booked here.

I'm on a tour and I've been booked here to tell stories.

How many people know you're on a tour when you arrive at a venue?

When I arrive at a venue, well, I mean, they don't know.

You wouldn't know.

Well, well, I mean, a lot of people would know.

Do the owners of the club know?

Not always.

No, they don't.

They don't.

They often don't know.

So they've not technically booked you?

Sometimes they've received a phone call, you know, from someone on my team saying, I'm coming down tonight to tell some stories.

Who is this on your team?

It's just someone on my team who says...

Like who?

They name this person.

What's your team made up of?

It's made up of a number of people who have telephones and they'll call.

They have telephones?

Yeah, they've got phones.

What position do they occupy in your life, though?

Are these agents?

Yes, that's right.

There you go.

That's right.

An agent, an agent.

I've got an agent.

I've got a bunch of them.

Oh, wow.

A bunch of them.

So you're paying 10% to all of these agents?

Well, I can afford it.

You can only afford 10 of them, I would think.

And the agent will call ahead to a place like Molly Malone's and say, I'm coming down tonight and I'm going to tell some stories.

Would you please turn off the jukebox?

The agent says that they're coming down tonight?

Well, it makes it sound like that's you.

No, it's Will.

It is me.

Do you call as your agent?

No.

Patrick, do you call as your own agent?

No, never.

Never.

What's your agent's name?

The agent's name is Matric Pahalem.

What does he sound like?

If you had to do an impression of your agent.

Matric Pahalem.

Yeah, what would he sound like?

I'm coming down tonight and you'll tell some stories.

I'm coming down tonight.

So that's twice in a row the agent has called and said, I'm coming down tonight.

I'm starting to definitely think.

Let's hear another story because I feel like, you know, you've told us that the story is not about you and we believe you, but I'm starting to think that it's about as bad as Seamus or something.

You know what?

Honestly, I don't know that that's going to be the case.

I am just curious to see and hear, you know, because I love being transported by stories.

I love the musicality of the story.

I love just the sense of the old country.

The lilt of that Irish speech, that speech pattern is just so compelling.

Beautiful, right?

Beautiful.

Yes.

All right.

I would love to hear another story.

I'll tell you a story about Johnny McGorry.

Well, Johnny McGorry had made an important decision about his career, namely to lock up his famous brother in his basement and make his brother write him stories so that he could go on tour and tell him and be just as successful as his fecking brother.

But it wasn't going so well because his brother, even though he was totally locked up and had no choice but to do anything except when he was told, wasn't writing stories.

He was sitting there complaining all the time and complaining he wasn't getting enough food and enough drink.

And so Johnny McGorry beat the crap out of his brother until he finally wrote him a story.

And then he booked his trip to America and on the way saw a harpy.

Oh, saw a harpy.

Harpy, wow.

What's the definition of a harpy again is like a winged female.

Isn't it like, isn't it like, yeah, kind of like a siren.

That's right.

Of the woods, a siren of the woods.

Right, right.

Sirens are on the scene.

Yes.

Johnny McGorry saw a harpy in the woods.

Wow.

Right.

Classic Irish, you know, creature.

And then, but then didn't interact with the harpy.

Just left.

Just saw it?

Just saw it and walked away.

Right.

Can you imagine seeing a harpy?

Can you imagine that?

Yeah.

I would walk and see in a harpy in the woods.

Yeah, I would want to talk to the harpy.

Right.

If I were in the woods.

Yeah.

Right.

If I were on scene, no.

No.

I would maybe see a siren.

If I was on the scene and if I saw a siren, I would want to talk to the siren.

I don't know that I could refuse the siren song.

Right.

And you're saying Johnny McGorry walks right away from that harpy.

Johnny McGorry.

Do the harpys sing a song?

Is that part of their deal or?

I'm assuming they harp on you about something.

Yeah.

They will, they scream.

Yeah, they scream.

It's a harpy will scream and kill you.

Like a banshee.

A banshee is an Irish thing.

We haven't heard anything from Seamus McMahon since he tried to do that solo sail across the world.

Oh, yeah.

That was interesting.

He assumed he was lost at sea.

Well, I was reading his Wikipedia page earlier and I know there's some sort of question.

There's a subheading that says presumed dead?

Yes.

With a question mark and citation needed.

Right.

I didn't know you'd know about that.

Yes, yes.

He's gone missing.

Seamus has gone missing.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

And presumed dead.

It is quite sad.

Yeah.

That's very sad.

I'm so sorry to hear about that.

Yes, yes, yes.

But, you know, the world will carry on.

The world will carry on just fine without Seamus.

Well, you know, it's a loss, but we all know the deal.

I don't know if it's a loss.

Are the stories you're telling, you know, these timeless Irish folk tales.

Right, right.

Are they about your, the region, the Johnny McGorry stories, the region, the county that you're from?

Are these stories that are- I, I, stories have been handed down from generation to generation.

Yes, yes they have.

So this happened, this, this particular story happened.

Oh, it's timeless really.

It's a, you know, it's a pure work of fiction inspired by Irish mythology.

It's a parable, sort of?

Perhaps you could learn that you could tell.

Or a parabellum?

It exists at a time though when Johnny McGorry can book a tour of America to tell his stories.

Well, America's been around a long time.

Yeah, that's true.

That is true.

Yeah.

It's a couple hundred years.

Right, right.

As far as I'm concerned.

And the earth, I mean, about 2000 years before that.

2000, I believe, yeah.

I think that's, you know, I mean, this is a long time.

Yeah.

That is a long time.

Yeah.

Wow.

So an interesting story, I don't know, I mean, I love the harpy part.

The part before that I was zoning out a little bit.

Part before that, again, I will say, and not that again, that you're looking for criticism or anything, but had literally nothing to do with Ireland or Limerick or being Irish.

It really was just like a brutal family story of jealousy and betrayal and really a sad evocation of a family undone by true jealousy.

Well, that's an interesting take on it, but I don't hear that myself.

I think it's mainly a story about, oh, Johnny McGorry out there looking for Irish creatures.

You know what?

I bet Johnny McGorry's brother was the better storyteller.

No, no, no.

I bet that's the whole thing.

So wait, did these guys have another brother?

No, no, no.

I'm trying to figure this out.

I think these, I mean, I think this is- A previous brother, the Seamus- I think these are stories- Enslaved?

These are meant to be classic stories.

And we made a mistake before.

I think what these stories are meant to show is that the Seamus of, every family has a Seamus, right?

And every family also has a Patrick, I guess.

It's not like the Bible where all of that happened.

Yes.

Well, like Cain and Abel.

This is a very Cain and Abel.

Well, yeah, and that actually happened, but this is more of a metaphor.

Yeah, but I mean, Seamus probably is the Abel in this scenario, someone who is successful.

None of this has anything to do with Seamus.

Never shit his, I guess, hair skin rug or whatever.

No, you know who shit his pants back then?

Constantly Cain.

Cain, just a pants-shitting guy.

Cain is just dumping in his drawers constantly.

Well, I don't know what, it has nothing to do with poor Seamus, who's a presumed judge and will never see from him again.

That's too bad.

Really?

Do you remember the day that he went missing?

A little while ago, a couple of months or something.

Do you talk about that in your show?

Do you tell stories about it?

No, no, no.

All the stories in my show, with the exception of those two that I wrote a little while ago, are brand new ones.

These are brand new stories.

New and exciting stories that have been recently written.

Do you remember what you were doing the day that he disappeared?

The day that she- The news must have come to you and just hit you like a thunderbolt.

Oh yes, it hit me like a terrible thunderbolt.

Were you up to that day?

I was, that day I was just sort of working on the basement.

I was doing some work in the basement.

What's going on in your basement?

Oh, that's interesting because Seamus was, I mean, not Seamus, sorry, because in your story Johnny McGorry's brother was locked up in a basement.

Oh.

That's an interesting parallel, but what's happening in your basement?

I'm just saying that the day that I heard that Seamus was gone, I was just working on, because you know, we've got a basement door and the hinges are on the inside.

And so I was only just working on the door and sort of soldering the hinges closed.

Soldering them closed?

Soldering them closed.

So you were in the basement trying to solder the hinges closed while you were in it?

So they couldn't be opened?

Well, I don't know.

From within.

Don't leap to any conclusions.

I'm just telling you what I was doing that day.

I was just working in the basement.

And you just got a call or?

Yes, got a call that Seamus had been missing and was gone and didn't turn up when he was expected.

Is he married?

I don't remember.

Are you kidding?

Of course he was married.

I mean- His wife was, People Magazine's like sexiest woman of the year or something like that.

Sure, and they shared the title of sexiest couple, but I didn't know whether they still were married.

She was like that huge philanthropist.

She was on the verge of curing the Ebola outbreak.

Oh yeah.

She got so close to that.

I know.

What happened?

Disappeared.

So all these people are dead from Ebola because- Presumed dead.

And she disappeared too.

That was the other weird part.

Yeah.

Right, right.

Well, yeah.

Yeah.

I mean, some people say that she went looking for him and almost found him.

Almost found him.

That's what a lot of people say.

Who knows?

We don't know.

Who knows?

A lot of people are saying she almost found him.

But nobody knows for sure.

Wow.

Right, right.

Wow.

This is, by the way, this is so, you know what?

I'm so glad you're here, Patrick.

I'm glad I'm here too.

Because I think for a lot of people in America, they want to hear updates on Seamus.

And that's what you're giving them.

I haven't got any updates on Seamus.

No, you're giving so much information about Seamus to thirsty ears.

Do you remember the last conversation you had with Seamus?

I mean, a lot of times we replay our final conversations with people.

Right, right.

You know, when we lose them.

I mean, I think, I believe the last conversation I had, I asked him politely if he would write me some new stories for my upcoming tour of America.

If he would write them.

If he would please write me some stories that I could perform in my upcoming tour of America.

Okay, why wouldn't you write those stories?

Or tell the stories of the old country?

Well, right, because, well, they are going to be stories of the old country of Paris.

But I, you know, I was struggling to come up with new stories.

Everyone goes through writer's block.

Right, that's what it was.

A brief period of writer's block, which has really been solved now.

I've got a whole bunch of new stories.

You know what I bet?

I'm really excited about it.

You know what I bet?

I bet Seamus did write those stories.

I bet he did.

And that's how we're getting new Seamus McMahon stories.

Do you have any new stories about his brother, his dumb, weak, hunt brother?

Well, I've got a new story, but it's a Johnny McGorry story.

Can you imagine the stories that he wrote before he disappeared?

How great would those stories have been?

I get what's going on.

Patrick, do you mind if we talk for a second?

You're going to have a talk.

We're just going to have a little chat.

Well, I'll review my new stories, my brand new stories, some of which I haven't even read, but of course I've read them.

I wrote them.

How did we not get this?

This is a Gallagher 2 scenario.

Who?

This is a Gallagher 2 scenario.

Gallagher's brother who sometimes performs as Gallagher?

Seamus doesn't want to perform anymore.

He's too big.

He's too famous.

Seamus too famous.

How about Seamus too famous?

Seamus too famous.

So he is writing new stories.

Seamus too famous?

Yeah, and he's letting his brother go out and tell those stories, and that's how we're getting new Seamus McMahon stories.

He's taking himself out of the public eye?

He just basically said that he asked his brother to write new stories and that's what he's doing on the road.

Okay.

So I think it's, I think it's so nice of him.

This is exciting.

Wow.

Okay.

Patrick, we would love to hear another.

Come on back.

Really?

Come back here.

We'd love to hear another Patrick McMahon story.

Johnny McGorry.

One of the classic Johnny McGories.

Vision by Patrick McMahon.

And Seamus.

Yeah.

No, excuse me.

What'd you say?

Dude.

The stories are all by me.

These are all by you.

Of course they are.

Of course.

Written by.

Why would we?

Written by.

Written by Ms. Elvin.

Wonderful magazine and even wonderful to hear it here from you.

Right.

All right.

You ready for a new one?

We have another story.

Yes.

This is a brand new, exciting one.

I've never told this one before.

Great.

Very exciting.

I'm sure it will come out seamlessly as if it was perfectly written.

You bet it will.

Well, you know, these are sort of written and then memorized and then told in the traditional format.

I can't wait.

Sure.

All right.

Let's talk about Johnny McGorry and this is how it starts.

There was a fella named Johnny McGorry who was a real wee dumb cunt, always shitting in his pants and making a complete ass of himself.

He was a total asshole and an embarrassment and it was great fun to slap him around.

Anybody who could get within arm's length of him would give him a fair slap and anyone around to see it would laugh and laugh and laugh.

He's just got one of those faces that it's an absolute pleasure to punch or slap.

And if you ever get him and yourself at the top of a flight of stairs, do yourself a favor and knock him down.

He'll tumble ass over tea kettle and it'll be a laugh for everyone involved.

And then he'll get down on his knees and he'll beg you to do it again because he loves, loves, loves the attention.

What a pathetic wee dumb cunt he is.

Well anyway, one day Johnny McGorry got it in his head that he was going to knock his brother in his basement.

His fucking idiots of a guy knocked his brother over the head with a salt lamp and dragged him into his fucking basement and tied him up.

But his brother was a lot smarter than he was, you see.

And so his brother managed to get halfway out the basement door before Johnny had to run down there and grab him and solder the basement door closed.

Well that fucking idiot watching him there with a soldering iron with his pants full of shit.

His pants are literally always full of shit.

This fucking jackass.

And then something happened that was really crazy because the doorbell rang and Johnny McGorry's brother could hear his beautiful, gorgeous, wonderful, brilliant wife upstairs saying, Seamus is gone missing and I know you did it you fucking ass.

And then he heard the sound of slaps and he knew it was his wonderful wife slapping the hell out of Johnny McGorry.

But then there was the sound of struggle and sure enough, down comes the wife into the basement.

Johnny McGorry tied her up too.

And so now they were both down there for a while and you might have thought they'd be sad or scared but all they could do day and night was laugh about what a wee dumb fucking cunt Johnny McGorry was and what a stupid fucking plan he'd made.

And then finally Seamus decided that he was going to write a story for Johnny McGorry and so he wrote him a fucking story for him to tell on his little fucking tour of America and then he did something very exciting.

He remembered something Johnny wouldn't have known which is down in this basement there was some explosives from the times of the Troubles.

And so he says to Johnny, can I wear your jacket because it's cold down here?

And Johnny gave him his jacket and he sewed the explosives into the lining of the jacket and he sent a timer for them to explode at 11.59 AM on May the 6th.

And then he bade farewell to his dear, stupid, fucking, cunt of a brother for him to go on his wonderful tour of America.

The end.

Wait a minute.

There's a little postscript here.

And as these stories always seem to end for some fucking reason he saw Kelpie.

So this, hold on.

That's a little bit at the end.

So Johnny McGorry has a brother named Seamus?

I don't know.

Is that what this story says?

Wow.

There was so much in that.

That was it.

By the way, that was a great story.

That had all the flavor, to be honest, Jason, that all the flavor of like a really good story.

Like that feels like really just like I was laughing.

You know what else was the story that I wrote that classic Seamus thing where he puts in all the time and then yeah.

And then so such a good cadence and such a nice trick.

Yes.

It's like to never finish a sentence, but to always end then.

Because I don't want the sentences to end.

So when the sentence ends, that means maybe the story is almost done.

So I've written a pretty good fucking story.

Just keep rolling it forward now.

You like that one, huh?

Here's my question.

You like that one, yeah.

Here's my question.

All right.

Tell me about this jacket you're wearing.

This jacket I'm wearing?

Yeah.

That's beautiful.

Thank you very much.

I mean, it's a beautiful jacket.

Well, thank you very much.

How long have you had that?

I've had this jacket for years.

I wear it all the time.

Is that like Irish wool?

Yeah, that's right.

The line in his Irish wool.

Wait, did you make that out of the sheep that you traded the car for?

No, that sheep ran away a long time ago.

What?

It ran away.

Ran away?

Yeah.

I am noticing now, to be honest, a little bit of wiring hanging out of the bottom of Patrick's jacket.

Yeah.

Lightering.

Sure.

It's just, it's like a, it's distressing jeans or something like that.

It's just a story what you just told us.

The Johnny McGorry stories are not.

Well, Johnny McGorry stories are just stories.

We need to take a break.

I mean, it's, it's a quarter of noon.

Yeah, it's a quarter of noon right now.

So we need to take a break always at quarter of the hour.

We'll do traffic on the twos and news on the ones and sports on the fives.

So we're going to take a break.

We'll have more from Patrick McMahon, more from Jason Mandukas.

We'll be right back after this.

Wonderful.

Comedy bang bang.

We are back here with Jason Mandukas and Patrick McMahon, of course, storyteller.

The number one storyteller from Ireland.

Definitely told a wonderfully enrapturing.

Yeah, of course.

But this is his brother.

He's missing and presumed dead.

Sorry to say.

The number one alive storytelling.

The number one alive storyteller from Ireland.

And let's see, we went through a couple of minutes of ads there.

So we're at about 12 of the hour.

And I think we're still sponsored by Bobino's pizza pants.

Yeah, I think we are definitely eating them.

Shitting them.

You can shit where you eat.

Yes.

Yeah.

Bobino's pizza pants.

Remember, pizza pants, pizza, pizza pants, you know, remember 10% off with the code bang bang.

Of course.

Yeah.

And they're like, what about the pants?

They'll come as like, which is shorts.

Yeah.

It'll cost the same amount, but you get 10% less pants.

10% less pants.

This is a good deal.

It is a very good deal.

Oh yeah.

Because you don't want that much pizza.

It's a combination of a subscription service.

It's a combination of a food box and a pants box.

Oh yeah.

Take care of them both in one sitting.

Right.

So whether you order it or not, every month you get.

You know, as someone who, judging based solely on the smell, is currently sitting in their own shit.

I didn't want to say anything.

Normally, I don't bring that up with guests.

You would love these pants.

It happens a lot more than you would think.

You would love these pants because you can cover that smell with the smell of pepperoni, anchovies.

That would be good.

Because you know how sometimes every once in a while, someone will get all the way into adulthood, but nobody ever told them how to use the fucking toilet.

I don't know about that.

Well, it happens.

Because they're so excited about their old, just, struggling.

How do you think a toilet works?

Because if you've been unsuccessful up to this point, what do you think happens with the toilet?

You go in the room where the toilet is.

Oh, of course.

And hopefully you lock the door.

And you must, you can't- Right, lock the door.

But for you, it breaks down when you go into that room, you just shit your pants.

Well I don't know.

Do you know what the toilet is?

Do you know which part of that room?

I don't know what that is.

No, I don't know.

Okay, normally if it's a full size- You know the chair that has water in it?

Well that's the problem.

There's a few things in there.

Yeah, it's got a sink.

Right.

Which is the thing that goes- It's the other thing with a bowl, and then water flows into that.

And then there's another thing with a different kind of a bowl that's got water in it already.

That's the chair that has water in it.

That's the toilet.

So that one's the toilet.

That's where you put the shit.

That's where you drop your- I think I've been told this before, and I can't ever seem to remember it between the two.

You don't shit in your pants and then put those pants in the toilet.

Oh yes.

You take your pants down.

You sit on it bare butt.

You sit on it with your bare butt, with your anus- No.

No, your anus pointing downward at the actual- This part I've never heard before.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

You're trying to put what's inside your body into the chair with water.

With no middleman.

I'm not comfortable with that.

Okay.

Well, I understand.

I wouldn't take down my pants and sit on a chair with water in it.

It sounds insane when you describe it.

That's crazy.

I like that.

It really does.

By the way, you're not wrong.

You're not wrong.

Who would do that?

Conceptually, I don't exactly understand how we got to this point.

I put it out of my mind every time I'd happen to play this.

It is literally a chair with water inside of it.

That we're naked.

But we just sit our asses right on and just plop, plop, fizz, fizz.

Oh, what a relief it is.

Well, what a relief it is.

Yeah.

Look, speaking of relief- Cover, girl.

Here comes a little comic relief because it's time for one of our favorite features on the show.

It's time for a little something called Would You Rather.

You're kidding me.

This song.

Yeah.

Can you imagine?

Wow.

Do you hear it last time you were here?

I did.

I believe I did.

That might be the last time I heard it.

This is- Was the last time you were here and did it.

Yeah.

I did.

I believe I did.

I did.

Yeah.

Was the last time you were here and the last time that I heard a plane break.

We play it every week and would you kindly shut the fuck up during the theme song?

The last time I was here, there was a truck break.

Oh, nice.

Right.

Because of truck going through the alley.

Right.

How do you remember that?

I've got a great memory.

Oh, yeah.

You do?

Do you remember what you're doing the day your brother disappeared?

Like right as he disappeared?

Right as he disappeared?

Yeah.

I think I was looking at a lamp.

Salt lamp?

Would you have a salt lamp in the house?

You do.

I'm not sure.

It's a little bit of a nice sight here.

Yeah.

Beautiful.

All right.

Everyone shut the fuck up.

I'm amazing.

This theme song has gotten this far into this podcast without dumb singing put on top of it.

Shut up.

All right.

It's time to play Would You Rather.

We all know how this is played.

We play it every week.

Why wouldn't we know?

People send us Would You Rather scenarios to our Twitter, which is at CBBWYR, comedy bang bang, would you rather.

I will read it aloud.

I will then open up the floor for questions.

You are free to ask me any question you like about either of the scenarios in order to help narrow down your choice.

At a certain point, I will close the floor.

There will be no warning in regards to that.

So do not be alarmed when it happens.

But also don't come to me with these protestations of, oh, it's not fair.

I didn't know that the floor would be closed.

Sorry.

Get your questions in while the floor is open.

We will then go around the horn, tell us what our choices are, and we'll then tally up the points and assign a winner.

Everyone clear on that?

Yes.

I was not listening, but I'm sure this will be a fun adventure for you.

This comes to us from Alexander Adrock, who is at Adrock 512.

Alexander asks, would you rather cry tears made of sweet and sour sauce that tastes just a little off or have Coolio wrap the entirety of gangsta's paradise to you every time you're about to have sex without breaking eye contact?

And by the way, before you even ask, that doesn't mean that you're about to have sex without breaking eye contact, which is I know Jason, how you like to do it.

It's, you know, my thing, fuck them with the eyes first.

This is a little swallow.

That's part of it too.

This is Coolio wrapping the entirety of gangsta's paradise without breaking eye contact with you every time you're about to have sex.

So then I can go and have sex.

This is not a question.

You were about to say a statement, which I'll allow.

Oh no, I'm going to, I'm going to phrase it as a question.

You're going to phrase it as a question?

When the floor is open.

All right.

The floor is not open.

Patrick?

Audible.

Gulp.

How are you?

I'm fine, but I have lots of questions.

I cannot wait for the floor to be open.

Try to get in early and often.

When the floor is open.

Because like, let's get all those questions out.

You got it.

And that goes for both of you.

Sure.

All right.

So when does the floor open?

That's a question.

I'm so sorry.

Patrick.

No.

I'm going to have to dock you 900,512 points.

Oh my God.

Jason, you're at zero.

All right.

That's too bad.

That's frustrating.

That is very frustrating.

But that's a classic, would you rather blunder?

That happens.

It really does happen.

I've been deducted 900, 200.

900,512 points.

How many points can you win if you get it right?

One.

Oh.

I'm glad I didn't get deducted for that question because that was one too, wasn't it?

Oh shit.

You got away with it though.

You answered it.

Hey, you know what?

If you get one past me, you get three points.

So you are now at negative 900,509.

Wait, it got worse for me.

No, it got better.

Oh, did it?

Yeah, you're closer.

Better by three.

All right.

I mean, you were taking a sip of water when the floor was open.

I'm not supposed to do that.

Well, I mean, you got to be ready.

I'm ready.

Well, it's been open for like 20 seconds at this point.

Scott, I have a question.

Yes, Jason.

When I'm about to have sex and Coolio shows up to sing the entirety of Gangster's Paradise, does he bloop in, sing it and bloop out and then I can have like the lead up to and when you're saying bloop in, by the way, you're presuming he appears like he apparates or no, no, no.

He, he travels from wherever he's at.

No, no, I know.

I'm sorry.

He arrived.

Sorry.

I'll, I'll say it differently.

So I'm saying like, if you're having sex in Los Angeles and he's in Chicago, he either has to take a plane and it takes like, you know, five hours.

You don't care.

You have to wait until he gets there.

So you don't care.

Wait, I'm assuming he has to sing it before I have sex, right?

Right before I have sex.

So it's up to him to figure out when and how that's going to happen.

No, it's not his responsibility to figure out when you're having sex.

He doesn't even get no, you have to contact Coolio.

So you can only have sex to the extent that he's available to come to your place.

Spontaneous sex is almost impossible unless you happen to be in the same area as Coolio.

I mean, you can schedule it with Coolio and you can say, Hey, that's spontaneous.

Well, sure.

I mean, I mean, you can have him like on call, like pay his appearance fee.

Yes, of course you do.

Yes.

Does he, does he add verses to the song?

He's got a lot of ideas that he was not able to get out.

Okay.

Back in 1990, whatever it was.

Three, four.

Scott, I would like to now ask a question about the sweet and sour sauce that tastes a little off.

You don't have to announce that you want to ask questions.

You merely can ask the questions.

I'm announcing it.

By the way, Patrick, you've gotten zero questions.

No, that's not true.

I had some follow ups on his questions.

Oh yeah.

I did have some follow ups.

Okay.

I'm going to give you one more point.

Oh, I didn't know you got points for questions.

Yeah.

I'm going to give you a negative 900,500.

What version of off does the sauce taste?

It's um, you know how, uh, it's not bad.

Rancid or off like too salty.

No, no, no, no.

It's not too sweet.

It's not too sour.

It's hasn't gone bad.

It just is like, that's not right.

That's not sweet.

It's it's, that's not sweet and sour sauce.

Can I ask another question?

You don't have to ask it.

Well, I mean, you just did ask a question.

Does it make you sick?

Oh no, absolutely not.

Okay.

Are there any other side effects to having sweet and sour sauce coming out of your tear ducts?

Does it affect your eyes in any way?

Does it affect because your tears are very important for cleaning out your eyes all the time.

Of course.

Are your eyes constantly covered with some amount of sweet and sour sauce?

Yeah.

It's a little sticky in there.

You're afraid to go.

Your eyes are always a little sticky.

You're afraid to go to a drama movie.

You know, you are always checking movies to make sure that there aren't any tearful moments in there.

Why not?

Because you're too mad to cry to tears because if you go to a movie and you cry and then you have a sticky face and you walk outside of the movie theater, pigeons are going to naturally like fly over to you and get stuck to your face.

Can't you just Clorox wipe your face before you leave a building in this universe?

There are no Clorox wipes.

Oh, is it?

I mean, that's pretty obvious, isn't it?

How so?

I mean, it's just naturally, there would be no, any kind of baby wipes or Clorox wipes.

They haven't invented these at this point.

Is there soap?

There's no soap.

Radio.

Is it an option for you to simply follow Coolio around?

And so now you have built your life around where he's going to be.

And be some sort of like dead head for Coolio?

That kind of thing.

You and your partner will just simply...

Where do you think Coolio goes?

I don't, I have no idea where Coolio goes.

They're just hanging out at his house.

He doesn't go anywhere without the appearance feed.

Why not just fall in love with Coolio?

Fall in love with Coolio.

Your sexual partner is Coolio.

Can't you?

That's the way to break it.

You're giving away too much.

This is what you should have voted for at the end of the game.

Well, but here's the question.

Can you in this universe fall in love with Coolio?

Yes.

You are very attracted to Coolio in this universe.

So it's, if he goes for it, great.

But you have to, you know, you only got one shot as Eminem once said.

As what?

At finding love with Coolio.

You know, you got to make your play for it.

Oh, I see.

And if he rejects you, well then...

Do you think that Eminem and Lin-Manuel Miranda are singing about the same shot?

I think they are.

I like to think they are.

Lin, please give us a call.

Please give us a call.

Yeah.

We're turning on the phone lines right now.

Lin, give us a call right now.

We're just going to wait here until Lin calls in.

Is it the same shot?

Is it the same shot, Lin?

Is it the same shot?

Lin?

Lin, is it the same shot?

Is it the same shot?

I've closed the floor for questions.

I've closed the floor!

I'm shocked.

Yeah.

I'm sorry, but that's how we do it here on Would You Rather.

All right, let's go around the horn.

Let's start with Jason Mantzoukas, who was very aggressive early on.

I came to win.

Then he kind of segued into questions for Lin-Manuel Miranda.

By the way, I want those questions answered.

Lin-Manuel Miranda, we know you're listening.

Answer the goddamn questions.

Answer the questions.

Answer the questions, sir.

All right, now you answer my question.

Yes.

I'm going to go sweet and sour sauce as tears.

In a world with no soap, a hypochondriac like yourself is just going to be dirty, stinky, sticky.

You know what?

You didn't say there wasn't water.

I'm going to wash that sauce off with water.

And you know what?

I'm not afraid to cry.

And even if that crying gives me sweet and sour sticky sauce, I'm still going to cry proudly.

I'm still going to cry without abandon.

And guess what?

I'm going to fuck without Coolio being anywhere near me.

Bravo.

That felt like a rousing speech, like a Braveheart speech or something until the very end.

You really felt that one.

Yeah.

All right.

And also, by the way, my face leaks a condiment.

Yeah.

Not a bad thing.

But it's a bit off, isn't it?

It's a bit off, but it doesn't make you sick, he said.

Oh, I've got a question.

It's too late.

Oh, yeah.

I'm so sorry.

It's all right.

Yeah, too bad.

It wouldn't affect the outcome, I don't think.

You don't think?

Well, let's see.

I think Miranda is still taking questions.

If you want to put it out there, he'll answer.

Well, Miranda, can you add salt to the sweet and sour sauce?

Would that improve it?

Is that your question?

I love that.

That's my question.

That was going to be your question?

Lynn, if you could tweet at us and answer that question, that would be great.

We'll see if that affects the outcome.

Of course, I cannot give you the answer, but go ahead and give us your answer.

My answer is that I would choose Coolio singing Gangster's Paradise to me before sex every time.

Really?

Even though you can add salt to the sweet and sour sauce?

Did you say that you could?

No, but I mean...

Well we don't know if you can.

Yeah, you can.

I'm telling you I know.

Wow, you should ask that question.

No, no, no.

It wouldn't change the outcome because...

Really?

The fact that you could add salt to the sweet and sour sauce, you still would have...

Why are you...

I'm so curious, Patrick.

Really?

Because sex is not a part of my life at all.

Oh, interesting.

Dot it all.

I'm terrified of it.

Okay.

I don't know how to do it.

That's so interesting because Seamus was such a prolific coxman.

Oh, yeah.

You know?

And he was all, I mean, it seemed to me like in the stories about his brother, who I guess now we're realizing is you...

Is it true that he was the inspiration for the movie The Commitment?

Uh, you know.

I mean, but he was more of the commitment phobe, of course, and so he got married to that wonderful wife who...

Yes, so beautiful.

So beautiful, so talented, so incredible.

But before that...

A lot of people say that there's been no film or story of Ireland that's been told that has not in some way been inspired by the life of Seamus MacMahon, but I think that's bullshit.

No, it's so true.

It's not true.

You know, The Commitment once, that beautiful movie once.

Yeah.

I think a lot of those songs are based on Seamus MacMahon stories.

I don't think, you're not the first to say it, but I think it's bullshit.

Sing Street.

Oh, yeah.

A lot of...

So many great films based upon the life of Seamus.

Now, so you voted for the Coolio rap because you don't think that you'll ever encounter Coolio.

Right.

It's not going to matter.

It's not going to affect my life at all.

What if you went on tour with Coolio?

If Coolio and I went on tour together...

Are you open for him or are you open for you?

I'm not quite sure which level either of you are at at this point.

Right.

I think he'd open for me.

You're both just telling stories.

Right.

Aren't we?

So interesting.

It's a storytelling tradition from two different cultures, perhaps.

Right.

That's how you could bill it.

I don't believe that, but that's...

So are you a virgin?

Well, yes, I suppose I'm technically a virgin.

Have you ever gotten close and then they smelled the shit in your pants?

Well, that is a major obstacle.

And so I've got to try, I've got to try and have it, the sex, like early, early in the day.

Early in the day.

You know what I mean?

It's hard to find someone who's really in the mood for it.

Sure, sure.

Right.

Seems to be a night time.

Most people want to have sex in the night time, you find.

And at that point, there's sure to be shit in the pants.

Why do people all want to have sex in the night?

That's when we're tired.

It seems like you want to have it right when you get up.

It's like, hey, ready for the day, bing, bing, bing, bing, bing, bong, bong.

Just get in there.

Those are the songs who make dirty sex.

I have a lot of trouble with that.

That is problematic.

All right.

Well, let's, let's get to, let's tally up the points here.

Jason, you voted for the Sweet & Sour.

Yes, I did.

So let me just...

You started at zero and you get five points.

All right.

I'll take that.

All right.

Very good.

And Patrick Mann, you voted for the Coolio Rap.

Right.

And you get five points for that.

Oh, look at that.

And let me tally up the points here.

And it appears that Jason, you have five points.

Yes.

And Patrick, you have, oh, God, getting very close to noon, by the way, when we have to wrap up the show.

We're wrapping it up at noon.

Yeah.

It's gotta be done.

The studio's rented, not rented out, but another podcast.

Scheduled it to hear someone else.

Well, that's, that's just as well for me because I've got a big day planned.

Oh, that's great.

What are you doing?

I've got, I've got a gig at Molly Malone's.

Oh, congratulations.

That's right.

Very exciting.

Kicking off the tour in Grand style.

With all of these new stories.

Yes, the new stories.

It's a hot day to be wearing such a heavy jacket.

Yeah, but I love it so much.

You know, it's sort of like a trademark.

I'd never take it off.

That Irish wool.

Yeah.

I'd never take it off.

I'm still doing the math on this.

Yeah, yeah, take your time.

Take your time.

Take another, like, three minutes.

Yeah.

It appears to me you have negative 900,505.

So you're at probably 900,510 under Jason.

So unfortunately you did not win Patrick, but congratulations, Jason.

That's how we play.

Would you rather?

Wow.

What a blast from the past.

No kidding from the present.

You really can't win anything, Patrick.

Well, that's about to turn around.

My luck is about to turn around on this tour with my new stories.

All right.

So that's how we play.

Would you rather?

We only have a few scant minutes until the show's over.

But before that, we have our one final feature on the show, and that's a little something called Plugz.

I gotta plug it right now.

Pluggin' this.

The plug is so common.

No.

Pluggin' this.

Let me plug it heros.

Pluggin' this.

I'm gonna plug up my clothes.

Pluggin' this.

Plug me the way too bad.

I'm pluggin' this.

Show me the plug you know.

I'm pluggin' this.

Plug it, it's such a blur.

I'm pluggin' this.

Pluggin' this.

Plug it, it's such a blur.

I'm pluggin' this.

I plug all the things you do.

I'm pluggin' this.

The plug fell short this time.

I'll plug fades in the summer.

Face your plug in mine.

I'll plug when I wanna.

Ooh, a fade out.

I could have listened to that for another couple of minutes.

That would have been fun.

Yeah, not bad.

Well done.

Yeah, but we do have to get out of the studio.

Who's that?

Oh, I'll tell you in a sec.

We do have to get out of the studio by noon.

You and I, because we want to clear it out because the maintenance people come in here at noon on the dot.

Absolutely.

And we want to make sure that you and I are out of the room.

Well, I'll just follow you guys out.

I'll just stick with you.

No problem.

Yeah, of course.

Yeah, I would expect nothing less.

But in any case, I'm glad it faded out when it did because we were running short on time.

That was Plugging This by The Real Dr. Crane.

Thanks to The Real Dr. Crane for that.

And Jason, what do you want to plug?

You know, as you mentioned earlier, I have a very small part in the movie John Wick 3 coming out May 17th.

Guys, why not go and watch a movie in which Keanu Reeves kills everybody?

It's great.

Yeah, why not?

And then, of course, you know, the How Did This Get Made podcast right here on the Ear Wolf Network.

Maybe one of your movies will be talked about on that podcast.

Perhaps.

Perhaps I've certainly made some that could qualify.

Yeah.

Do you stay away from those?

Somehow we haven't gotten to them yet.

Oh, sorry.

Very high pitch.

Yeah.

And yeah, that's about it, right?

I'm trying to think if there's anything else really right now.

I mean, Big Mouth on Netflix, Long Dumb Road, on Apple TV and wherever.

Yeah, people are just throwing work at your way, which is so wonderful.

You know what?

Thank God.

You know what I mean?

Nobody wanted me for so long.

I know.

Yeah.

I want to plug, well, I have nothing going on.

I'm still in that nobody wants me phase.

That's not true at all.

No, you can...

Just this past week, so many articles about how beloved you and this show are.

Wonderful.

Go back and complete listening to our previous episode if you haven't finished it.

We also have, I know, a wonderful 600 or 10th anniversary poster and a 10th anniversary T-shirt.

And, you know, John Ham told...

There's a big dog T-shirt.

There's a Hae-Nung Man T-shirt.

John Ham told me that he saw me in episodes of I'm Sorry on a Plane.

So that's fun.

Nice.

So we're doing Clusterfest in this next month in June and we just set the line up.

It's really cool.

Wasn't asked.

You were not asked, nor will you be.

Zoinks.

But that's fun.

I like that festival.

I don't like its name.

Yeah.

Doing an REM show.

Do you like P-Cast Blast better?

I really hate that.

Doing a REM show and as well as a live comedy Bang Bang.

So come out and see us.

And Patrick, boy, we're getting very close to the tour.

Plug that tour.

Right?

The tour is very exciting.

I'm starting it here in Los Angeles and making my way all the way back to New York, telling all new stories that I have reason to believe will be more popular than any stories I've ever told before.

And everyone will forget all about Seamus McMahon, May he Rest in Probably Peace.

RIPP, Rest in Probably Peace.

Or Parabellum Peace.

Right.

And tonight you can come out and see me at Molly Malone's and the rest of the tour has not been booked yet.

But whatever town you're in, if there's an Irish pub or a street corner where they don't hassle you, you just might pop up.

My agents are working the phones.

Very good.

Should we count down to noon?

We should, but let's close up the old plug bag first.

What do you say?

Let's close it up.

Don't let any air in it close it up your heart while you open up the bag.

Open up the bag.

Close your heart.

This one doesn't change.

Close up your heart.

Somehow what's shocking is it does change.

I always like this one needs a remix.

I feel like you think.

Yeah, it needs a remix.

So get to it.

If you're out there, get us a remix or we may be going back to this.

Be one of the remixes that makes a song shorter.

That was never, never, never agrees.

It's way shorter though.

I like the other one better.

Wow.

Well, I'm getting close to the end of the show.

I want to thank you, Jason.

Thanks so much.

Thanks for coming back on the six hundreds.

Scotty.

Congratulations.

That's an amazing achievement.

Ten years, 600 episodes.

So excited to have been a part of it.

So fun to do it here.

I'm so glad that we scaled back and had you on.

We took the scope of last week and just the, the, how incredible it was to get all those people and instead we had you on.

And I'm making a, and I'm making a prediction or a promise to this audience that this year we will do a bro down, hoedown.

We're going to do it and we're going to break off another hundo next week.

That's very exciting.

This, I mean, that's the thing.

This is definitely not going to be the last episode of comedy bang bang.

So it's almost noon.

Let's count down 10.

Thank you by the way, Patrick.

Well, thank you very much.

It's so good to see.

Oh, nine.

Very, very delighted to be here.

It's wonderful to be here.

Good luck with it.

And your last poem was so wonderful.

It's not a poem.

It's a story.

Thank you very much.

I think my storytelling has really gone to the next level.

It's really gotten so good.

Extremely optimistic about this next year of my life.

I think 2019 is going to be the year of Patrick McMahon.

This is truly going to be my time.

Drew, air apparent and you guys too.

You guys.

I think everything's coming up for it.

I think honestly, my, my tour de force and I'm sorry is going to get me a lot of acting work.

Yes.

Probably an Emmy award.

Yeah.

I really think so.

Yeah.

Three.

This is really going to be the year you guys were going to do it.

It's going to be it.

Wait, this is exciting.

Nose too.

Oh yeah.

Nose.

Sorry.

I, how could I forget?

Nose.

I don't know.

Wait a minute.

Thank you Here comes the hero!

Heroes!

you Thank you.
