♪ Comedy Bang Bang ♪ Wipe it up, it's towel time. Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

Thank you to Dan Louiselle! Dan Louiselle for that wonderful cast-rate submission.

I don't think it's gonna stick, although speaking of sticking, it is towel time.

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang for another week, and this is...

Oh!

What a special episode we have. I'll tell you a little bit about our guests coming up a little bit later. We have a fitness expert, so that's good. I could use some tips on that. We also have a marriage counselor, and that may tie into our first guest.

Before we get to her though, I want to say that this is a very exciting show, not because of the guests, in so much as we are finally, finally, episode 601, breaking off another hundo.

It's so exciting. We closed out a hundo in the previous episode, and now we are breaking off another hundo, and boy, it's always so great to do it. We've only done it... Let's see, we did it on 101, 201, 301, 401, 501. This is the sixth time we've broken off another hundo.

Will we get to a seventh? I don't know, but very exciting always to break off another hundo, and the sixth hundo that we've broken off, or the sixth time we've broken off a hundo, I guess maybe we're breaking off a seventh hundo. Anyway, I just wanted to get that out of the way before we got to our first guest, because it's very exciting to do that. And it's similarly exciting to have our next guest, our first guest actually, on the show. You have heard her on previous appearances on this show, and she had her own podcast on the Earwolf Network, of which she is no longer affiliated other than in spirit, and we'll catch up with her regarding what she's doing since leaving that. That was called, and still is called, Who Charted, with Howard Kramer, no longer her. And she has a feature film, a documentary coming out that we'll talk about, or it's actually out now on various platforms, and we'll talk about that. It's called Origin Story.

And she also has a personal connection to me, which we may get into. Please welcome Kulaapvilayseok.

Hello husband.

That is the personal connection. I didn't know that it was going to come out so soon, but yes.

I've got hundo broken all over my face and yours. And so that's why I came in that way, honey.

That's true. That's also true. Welcome to, welcome to Comedy Bang Bang again. You've been on several episodes, approximately three, four. You keeping track? You keeping me at bay too, I feel.

I thought that we had broken off another hundo together, but I checked the wiki and apparently we have never broken off a hundo together. So that's an exciting thing to share.

In other things though, we've broken off hundos.

We have, we, yeah. So off program, off mic.

Off program, having been together for 20 years.

By the way, that is something I wanted to say. Various people who know little inklings about my personal life know that yes, Kulaapvilayseok and I, she's my ex-girlfriend.

Don't love that.

We broke up the day I proposed to her because it's not right to have a girlfriend when you have a wife. Nobody says it that way.

I broke up with her and then immediately got down on one knee.

And which I gotta say a little traumatizing cause you broke up with me once before.

Right. And so it was confusing.

Well, yeah, that time you were expecting me to get down on one knee and that was just a nope.

It was April fools, you guys.

But I did want to say that today is the 20th anniversary of our first date.

What?

That is right.

Holy cow.

You mean the night that we came together to go to Sushi and Tap?

That was after the date.

Guys, guys, I have sex on the second date, not the first.

That's right. No, the 20th anniversary of our first date, we went to a, I was going to say organization, I guess businesses or organizations in some ways, in some ways they do have to be organized. I mean, the best ones are people have to do side work at the end of the night, marry the catch ups. And at this place, they did not marry the catch up.

No, they were marrying the soy sauces, I believe.

The show you as we went to a organization called Sushi and Tap.

Yes, a combination business that does not exist anymore.

I was fascinated with combination businesses as there were several in your life, in my life and in where I went to school, there were various ones that were there was Pets and Music where I used to get my guitar strings and smell the smell of hamsters.

And Beads and Things.

Yes, but Video Luggage was before that video, which video you could rent VHS copies of the latest movies as well as pick up a Samsonite. And then Beads and Things was the topper, which I went into, I was canvassing the neighborhood trying to put up posters for your band for a band that I was in and I was last lovey last month. And I walked by beat I'd walked by Beads and Things so many times in my life. And I thought, well, I'm not interested in beads. So I won't go inside there.

And I but to put up this poster, I'd asked permission and I wandered in and and the things were pool tables, which I don't know how that I would think you lead with that with the pool table.

Although, you know, I guess, you know, you're trying to lure people in with these inexpensive beads and then maybe try to upsell them. I don't know.

So I was fascinated with these combo businesses. So when I saw sushi and tap and I don't recall whether it was sushi and tap like like almost like a name like the middle name was, you know, the end stand for and or whether it was sushi ampersand tap or sushi, the whole world word spelled out. I don't recall, but because it's no longer there. That's right. But we we had a few sushi rolls and watched a gentleman and a lady, I believe, doing various tap dance maneuvers.

And I was underage and you got me beer. Yeah. I mean, under a faro, underage for California, but in other states it would be perfectly legal.

And that's where romance was born. And the 20 years ago today. So welcome to the show.

Thank you. Now, again, I've been here before. What's going on with you? Why are you coughing so much? What's happening with you? We haven't talked about this at home. We sit in silence at home and you have a what I call H2O next to you if you want to clear that throat a little bit.

And we'll pause for that. That's no problem here. You could have done that. Could have cleared that throat before we started. But instead, you know, I decided to wait until we got on, Mike.

Still doing it still. And you look like you're swirling that tongue around your mouth as if you're also like trying to wipe plaque off your teeth as well. Like I brush my teeth.

Didn't brush your teeth. Yeah. OK, so here we are. I'm back.

So sorry, everyone. Now you have broadcast experience as you were on a podcast yourself. Did this ever happen on your show?

Very rarely. I was very professional in my show. Thank you very much. Welcome to the show.

Thank you so much. I love being here for the first time.

Well, first time we've broken off a hundo, certainly. And let's talk about your current projects, because as far if I have the chronology right in the timeline and it's very important in these shows, like without a trace to establish a timeline. So if if I can establish the timeline, it seemed to me as if we heard you every week on your podcast who charted charted and then suddenly you disappeared. And I don't know what happens in between then and now. So catch me up.

No, you've been in my life.

We see each other almost every night. Almost. Yeah. Unless one of us is on a trip. That's true.

I take a lot of quote, business trips, unquote. Can we talk about those? Is now the time?

Do we have a marriage counselor here? We do have a marriage counselor coming up a little later.

Randy Hover will be here. But it might be Hoover. I don't know. You know, there there is a weird oom lot above the O almost like Motley Crue. They were on the show, or at least Nikki six and Nikki seven were a few weeks back. But tell us about who cares about them. Tell us about what you've been doing lately, i.e. your movie. Oh, that I see what you were trying to do.

I'm trying to lead you in it organically, but you're not getting it. So I'm just going to say, like, all right, now plug your movie. Thank you. So, OK, well, origin story, Scott, you are in it. You were one. I've never signed a release, by the way. I may hold up the I know it's out already, but I may put a copyright infringement notice up for for your appearance, for my appearance. And also because I'm wearing your comedy bang bang shirt.

That is true. And you never cleared that. I never cleared it. I saw that the other night.

I watched the film, by the way. A great job. And you are. I watched it the other night. And I all I could see was that that illegal shirt. First of all, Scott, you've seen this movie more than any other movie you've ever seen. That's true. Yeah, I don't know. You know, the Spy Who Loved Me is maybe up there as well. But tell us about this movie.

I mean, if you've been now a long time listeners of this show, long time, short times, they they may remember a few episodes back, maybe a couple of hundos ago, even. That's how long this has been gestating. Yeah. There was a gentleman named Michael Abelson who donated so much to your film. He won the opportunity to be on this show and he did a great job. He did an amazing job.

And thank you, Michael Abelson.

And he was so funny on this show, but that was so long ago at this point. What's going on? Catch us up with this movie. Okay, well, this movie origin story is an autobiographical documentary about myself. Yeah, about me. Yeah. It's about me exploring my roots, my origin story, if you will.

Why didn't you call it Roots? It was already taken. Roots 2.

Now it's Asian.

Roots 2 colon. Now it's Asian. And you spell out colon, C O L O N. And you put a Z instead of an S in Asian. Yeah, that would see that's something now that I'm no marketing genius, but I see something like that and I go, Hmm, maybe I click on that.

So you feel origin story is not something?

You know, I mean, it's it's it doesn't have a spark. It doesn't have that snap.

Okay. All right. I'll take that feedback. There's nothing I can do at this point. Sure. It's out already. It's out on Amazon. We are taking it down, though, due to the shirt. So and you'll have to re-edit it a little bit. So it gives you an opportunity to maybe give it a different title.

Husband. I've known you for a while. I know that you're years today. You're ribbing me.

You're ribbing me. You're pulling my leg. Various body parts. We don't need to get into those because where does it lead down to the penis? You know, I mean, let's just let's keep it above the waist. All right. So it's a that's it. Yeah. By the way, put those back in. I this movie is a documentary. It's regarding your life. Yes. Regarding my heritage, your history. We've talked about it on this show. So for for so many years, it's finally out five years later, almost, right? Yeah. Five years later and out to the world. Amazon.

Give us the elevator pitch.

Pretend you're on an elevator and you got to get through this really quickly. What floor am I going to? Let's see. You're starting at three and going up to five because you had some business on the third floor you were taking care of. And then you wandered into the you got you're like, I got to kick this upstairs. That's right. So you get into the elevator. Oh, you see the big boss man.

He's in there. I want to pitch him this movie. Yeah. Jeff's here. Hey, Jeff. All right. So pitch him this movie in the time that it takes to go up two floors. I just do it to you. I said it was autobiographical. I said, you know, I don't know anything about the plot. OK, autobiographical could mean anything. I mean, like if you're talking about Harry Potter, you know, autobiographical could be about the time he beat Voldemort or the time when they all shit on the floors and apparated it away. We don't know. When did that happen? You got to catch up with the wizarding world of what's going on with Harry Potter. J.K. Rowling has lost her mind. She has gone off the rails. He's gay. They shit and apparated like, whoa. OK, rails at that train station. What is it?

Fourteen and a half, 13 and a half, 13. I don't know.

Anyway, catch it. We have all of the books.

We should know. Elevator pitch. Go. Here we go. I'm cool. I feel like suck. I'm Lao American. Jeff knows you. Jeff knows me. He's the big boss. He probably doesn't know me intimately. All right.

Anyway, go OK, Jeff, cool up standard spelling. I have this movie out and it's about my family and me and we're from Laos and I go meet my biological father and I think for the first time other than you, you did meet him as a baby. I suppose I did, but I don't recall. I you don't remember it, but every day he would say, hello, nice to meet you and shake your little baby hand like that. And it's, you know, very it's beautiful. It explores like my heritage and my identity.

It's good stuff. It has a lot to do with immigration and the secret war in Laos and why people come over here to the United States. And and it's about your familial relationships and fractured familial relationships and what we can do to repair them. Yes, yes. And Jeff, this is my husband, Scott. Hi, I'm here, too. I'm just visiting at work. I don't work here. Big, big fan. Jeff, what you're doing with the company in the on the fifth floor, we're showing him the company pool.

You got to go, Jeff. All right. Bye, Jeff. Oh, he's getting off on the fourth floor. All right.

Interesting. All right. OK. All right. Good job. So so much so people can how to is it just on Amazon VOD is now in a month later, it'll be on Google Play and a month after that, it'll roll out on iTunes and so on and so forth. OK, so let's focus on Amazon. So the people who have been breathless with anticipation, breathless Mahoney out there, they can get it right now only on Amazon VOD. And I presume you log in Amazon and you search origin story and then it's a little thing comes up. How much are we talking to? Is it a rental? Is it a buy? What do we do?

You can rent it. You can buy it. It's up to you. OK, I'm not going to tell you what to do.

And it sits around in your your cloud and you can access it at any time. I would imagine certainly as long as you put in your password. OK, good. Good to know.

These are good questions, right? Great questions in depth.

And the movie stars you and start your family. I'm in it briefly. And I think this is like fans of Scott Aukerman are going to see him in a different light, an intimate light, a man who loves his wife, a good, good husband. OK, so if you're interested in seeing that side of me and I have no idea why you would be, then feel free to check out origin story. And you just might learn something about yourself as well.

Wow. Universal truth when you think about it. And this is quite an achievement. It's great to have it out there. Finally, it's been gestating for so I don't know why I keep saying gestating, although it has to do with things that gestate in the uterus of is is uterus is uteri. Is it uteri octopi uteri? Isn't it weird that uteri has UTI in it? So strange.

Like you put the UTI in uteri anyway. Gang, that's a T-shirt.

Don't come on this show. Try to get T-shirt money. All right. The T-shirt splits are for legitimate podcasting guests who come on here and literally come up with something in the moment, not someone out there who's trying to harvest T-shirt ideas with anything they happen to say or and I'm the one who said it to. All right, well, I'm going to do a second documentary and I'm going to wear that shirt. But you, all right. Yeah, let's try clearing it.

And cool up now that you're done with this movie. Yes. Out.

What now? What's next for me? Sure.

I made room. I made room in my cluttered mind for, you know, developing, you know, bajillion dollar pooper tees. Yeah. Bajillion dollar properties. Some fans of the show may know it. Sure. Another show, but slightly different.

Slightly different than what? When you say another show. Do you mean? I said bajillion dollar pooper tees, which is my this is another show. I see. I see.

This is a new show. Yes.

Where you're getting around copyright law. It seems to me like you're just like a scofflaw when it comes to copyrights. I am a hustler. OK, so you're appearing in Hustler. Is that what I'm getting? Is that cool? OK. Can you sign for that? Yeah, no problem. Yeah, I'm just trying to write more, develop more, show, run more, produce more, do it all.

You did the John Legend, Chrissy Teigen Christmas special, which is that can people still see that or is did it only air on TV and it's not like rentable or on iTunes? You know, I have to cut back to you on that. I don't know the oh, so cool. I'm great to have you here on the show. Oh, it's such a pleasure.

So what a pleasure to break a hundo off with you, Scott. It really is. This is special and I don't save hundos for just anybody. So I hope, you know, you're really enjoying it. There's a special magic feeling while we're doing this entire episode. Well, it's my it's our anniversary, apparently.

Yeah. Anniversary of first date. You know, there can be too many anniversaries. I disagree.

We have anniversary of first aid. We have anniversary of the marriage. Yeah. And I want to renew our vows. No. All right. Good to have you here. We need to get to our next guest. And this is exciting because a little later we'll have a marriage counselor. But we have a fitness expert here on the show and she is here to presumably talk about how to improve our the physical shells that our souls inhabit. Please welcome Becky. Hi, guys. So great to be here. Thank you so much for hearing me. Oh, my gosh. You I this is not in your bio, but apparently you're you have some sort of a dialect from another country. Is that true? Yes. I lived abroad in Australia briefly when I was in my youth. Oh, neon beak. And I'm sorry. You have an Australian accent because you lived abroad for how long? Just for a couple months. Couple months. Where are you from originally?

Cleveland, Cleveland. So I don't know whether you hear it, but you you picked up the dialect a little bit. So people tell me that and I'm always like, OK, well, I'm mostly in Cleveland. So.

Right. OK. I'm an Ohio girl through and through. A what girl? Ohio. Ohio. Ohio girl. Well, welcome to the show. This is cool up. Hi, cool up. Hi, nice to meet you. My name is Scott and you're a fitness expert, apparently. So I'm not exactly like an expert or whatever, but I work at the gym and I wipe down the machines and I'll make sure that everything's just like sanitary and clean.

Oh, OK. Is that is that a job that people have at the gym?

Primarily, they just wipe down machines.

It seems to me like that's like like side work or something you do while you're doing a different job. The gym that I work at nobody wipes down the machine.

So I have to get in there. I have to stop wiping them down. So you so the gym you work at, no one was wiping down the machine. So this is a position you created for yourself. It is a big problem. No, I got brought on.

Oh, you did? Yeah, I got recruited. They said no one is wiping down these machines. We need to hire someone. They said this is a huge problem. We need to take care of this right away. And I responded to the end and I was like, I think I can do this for you. A typical job interview type conversation.

So I said, I think I could do a great job doing this. Right.

They said, did you bring your own rag? Is that how you proved you have the get up and go in the metal to? Yeah, I have like a whole kit that I bring. Let's break down this kit. What are we talking? Because, you know, wiping down a machine anytime I'm at the gym, which is pretty regularly, as you can tell, just from. So tight.

Thank you very much. Is that also part of your job to go around complimenting people? Yeah, I give a lot of positive feedback and I go around and I say, nice job. It's so tight of you. Oh, yeah, that is good to hear. So great of you. I say these rocking tight. These rocking tight?

I say, whoa, look at you go. So tight. I like this because unless you have, unless you're paying for a trainer, you usually don't get that kind of verbal approbation.

Is approbation the right word as a positive reinforcement maybe is more of what I'm trying to say. Approbation is more, it has a more negative connotation, I believe. But you're so positive, these people, because it's kind of rude. They should be wiping down the machines after they use it. Right. So my boss, she's like kind of a bitch. Okay. And she was sort of like, you know, what's her name? We do you want to give her a shout out? Yeah. Shout out to Shannon Shannon. Which gym is this? By the way, this is the, um, I forget the name. You just know it by sight expert gym.

Okay. It's the one next to the Ed De Bevek's. Oh, next to Ed De Bevek's over there in Beverly Hills?

Or, you know, the restaurant, the restaurant where the waiters are rude to you. Where the waiters are super mean to you. Right. So people come, they go there, they feel like shit. That's a great idea to put a gym right next to it because the waiters at Ed De Bevek's are probably saying like, look at what you're eating, you fat slob. And then people go, well, I got to go next door.

We get a lot of turnover from there. People are like, I got to work off what I just had because the waiter was so mean to me. And I go, you know what? We're going to take care of you.

You're going to have a great time here. So you're, you're making sure these people leave the day sort of at a neutral place. Like they've been beaten down by Ed De Bevek's and now you're trying to build them back up. Exactly. We just bring them back to where they used to be. Right. Which was probably pretty depressed in the first place. Right. Yeah, sure. Everyone is depressed. Yeah.

Remember where you work though? The name of it? Sorry. No, I mean, how do you get to it? If you're coming from some other place other than your home, like say you took a trip and you're like, Oh, okay. I'm coming from San Francisco, but I got to go right to work. Like how do you put it into your, your map? I just put in the Ed De Bevek's. Oh, that's good. You know, the thing about it is it's one of those gyms that doesn't even the name on the front. Oh, it's so exclusive. Pretty like we just want to, we want, if you're going to be there, you really want to be there.

Okay. You didn't sign up because of the name or whatever.

No. And the thing about it is, so Shannon's kind of a bitch and she's kind of been like, you know, you need to talk to people and you need to tell them that you need to wipe down the machines. They need to wipe them down.

So part of your job is they hired you to wipe down these machines, but then they also are trying to eliminate your position. In an ideal world, they don't need me anymore. And I'm hippie to be like, you know what? You guys don't need me. I'm going to go.

They still need me. She does sound like a B-word. I don't like to say that word outside of the house.

I don't like to say, I don't like to use it either, but I use it. That's not a word we use in public. She identifies as a bitch.

Okay. Then we can call her one. So this, so this bitch she's, she's out there actively trying to get you fired. Yes. I, well, but I, you know, I got hired under the pretense. So I said, you know, my whole job and my entire career, I, I want in an ideal world, this, my job doesn't exist.

So in an ideal world, I just, I'm poor, you know, I don't work.

I mean, it's, this is, this is like, yeah. I mean, that, I do it for the good of the, the good of the world. Yeah. And the gel, I can only imagine like if, if, if, if people didn't get hungry after eating, you know, after like, you know how you eat something and then like, at Eddebevek's or whatever, uh, you know, three, four hours later, you're suddenly hungry again.

Like if that never happened, restaurants would just close immediately because it's like, well, we've served the people, the food. That's sort of your situation here, where they're just trying to say like, you know, physician heal thyself in regards to, I don't know if doctors go to your gym. Do you know what I'm trying to say? Yeah. So I kind of, I think I do, you know, like I'm the master, I'm the teacher and I'm... You're like the master, the, in Scientology, the, the Scientology. So interesting enough, Scientology Center, right across the street.

So you are in like a, a, the Bermuda Triangle of Eddebevek's, Scientology, and people can either get pumped up in the Scientology Center or go to the gym.

Either one of those will get you feeling better. But we're all, everybody's doing it just to counteract the Eddebevek's, because men, does it leave you feeling like shit? It's a black hole and a blight upon Beverly Hills as far as I'm concerned. So I love the patty melt there. It's so good. You can't get a patty melt. You can't get one like it anywhere else.

Unreal. I can't believe that's true. They do such a good job with it. But you know... They grill both sides of it. They do.

Most people just do one side. I don't know if that's true.

They flip it over at a certain point and get the other side, which is like, I've never had that experience in a burger. It's a really good... At a burger. Yeah. Anyway. But, um, so I, I kind of came by though, cause I wanted to talk about there's somebody at the gym, this guy, and I've been kind of like flirting with him or whatever. And I came over to him and I said, not a big deal.

Totally cool that you didn't wipe down the machine. He's working out. He's not an employee. He's, he works out there. He works out there. Yes. He doesn't work there. He works out there.

You work in there. They work out there.

Exactly. There's the distinction. Is there a sign up there?

Like some of us work in here.

Some of us work out here. That's a t-shirt and that's all mine. I'm not sharing that with any of you motherfuckers. Yeah. So that's a great motto. I'm gonna have to talk to Sheena about it, but she's a bitch though. It doesn't sound to me like she would. Yeah. So it doesn't sound like her thing. She's not, she doesn't like anything. I'm not kidding. She doesn't even like the penny melt. She doesn't like the penny melt. It's hard to work for her, but I do it for the good of the gym. So anyway, there's this guy. Yeah. Joffrey. Joffrey.

Is that, how's that spelled? J-O-E-F-F-E-O-I.

J-O-E-F-F-E-O-I. J-O-E-F-F-E-O-I. Okay. Got it. And again, you're from Ohio?

Just, I forgot. I'm from Cleveland. I lived abroad as a little girl. Did you ever go to the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame over there? In Cleveland? In Cleveland.

Actually, no. It's so funny that you say that. You interested in guitars or drums? I like, uh, violin. I like cello. I can imagine that occasionally, I mean, there's the Dave Matthews band had that guy on the violin.

Is he still with us? Love Dave Matthews band. You do. Love Fish. Love Dave Matthews band. Oh, okay. I'm getting a sense of like what you're into. Love Hootie.

Good old Hootie. Daryl, uh, Darius Rucker. Yes. Right. Love him. Do you like the fact that he's in country now, country music?

I love a little country, yeah. But he's doing a lot of country. Is that too much or? It's a little too much. Yeah, it's a little extra. All right. Anyway. So, Joffrey. Joffrey's working at the elliptical. He doesn't wipe it down. Shannon goes, you gotta say something. I go, I don't, okay.

Why doesn't Shannon say something? Because, you know, this is my job. This is what I was hired.

That's part of your responsibility there. She doesn't like confrontation. For every wipe down you do, you also have to say, hey, you should have wiped this down. Yes. So I got it. It's a one for them, one for you situation. So I go over and I say, so Joffrey, no big deal, not a problem at all.

I'm not mad, but you know, you got to wipe down the elliptical after you use it. And he goes, oh my gosh, I'm so sorry. I go, don't worry about it. Don't be sorry. Not a big deal at all. And he goes, is it inappropriate for me to use clear number? Wow.

And you're, you're into him prior to this or does that spark your interest? Wow. Um, I was like kind of taken a beak because I was like, I don't associate work with apply. Yeah. Don't shit where you eat. Have you ever done that over at Eddabettics? I mean, I have to shit at the gym.

They have a restroom. You have to shit at the gym.

How long are your shifts at the gym? So long. How long? Oh gosh, 20 hours. 20 hour shift. Yeah, you're going to have to shit there. Okay. That's okay. This is a 24 hour, uh, fitness maybe?

Is that what it is? But is it a 24 hour fitness? I'm trying to like narrow down exactly what the name is. I don't like to give away the name. You don't? Oh, you're not allowed. Yeah. So I lied, but I don't, I don't like to give it away. Oh, okay. It is a 24 hour. So what's happening those other four hours? So that's when, um, the whole, you know, other cleaning crew comes in. Oh wait, there's another cleaning. Why aren't they working? That's not fair. That's what they do. So I'm like, you know what? I kind of get pissed off because they do it differently than me. They clean it much differently. How do they clean it? And how do you clean it?

They make kind of a miss. No, that's not what a cleaning crew should do. They use paper towels. I'm like, it's so wasteful. So I get really annoyed by just the whole process. That's the only thing that's different. You use a rag and they use paper towels. It's so annoying. For the environment Scott, it makes sense. Do you know about the global warming? One million animals are endangered of extinction and you're going to come in here and use your paper towels for four hours straight.

Are you white? Are you like washing the rag after every single wipe down or is people sweat just accumulating on this rag and you're like distributing it across all of the ellipticals? I got one big rig. It's super big. Super. How big is this thing? I mean, it's like James Coco's pants pre weight loss when he like pulled them out.

Sounds like, you know, like Pharrell's hat. Wow. That's crazy. Sounds like a beach towel.

Yeah, it's kind of a beach towel. But is there anything, any design on it? It's a Turkish towel.

What does that mean? I don't know. Turkish towel. It's very plush. Yeah. Super nice. It sounds like a rug. I have to hand wash it. It's so heavy. This sounds like, it sounds more like an area rug that you have. Slow, heavy. Slow. Okay. Yeah. Anyway, I got to use the rug to clean it all up and I'm like this is really missing with my process and I'm fine with it because that's what Shannon wants.

But anyway. Does she want you to just be unrolling and rolling a rug up and, you know.

Yeah, it sounds like you're- You know, she knew what she was doing when she hired me. I said, this is what I do. You brought the rug. Yeah, I brought it in. I dribble everywhere with it.

So, you know. So, Joffrey. Let's get back to you. So, Joffrey.

So, okay. So, I just want to make sure that I'm doing a good job or whatever with Joffrey. So, he says, he texted me then he say, he's like, you want to get like a drink at like 7pm on Thursday. At Eddebevix or? Yeah, at Eddebevix.

And I go, okay, yeah, that works for me but like, he better meet you whenever. Like, I can get a break from Shannon. It doesn't matter. So, he's not- Is he angling to get you during your four hours off or? Yeah, kind of. What are the four hours or does it change? It's dinner time.

Dinner time. So, you take a four hour dinner break. Yes. So, it's- How many courses are you eating?

So many. I mean- This is like Italian style. Yeah, I start with, usually I get like, you know, some kind of celid to start. Sure. So, it's not very piano for me but I start with the celid.

Okay. And then I move on to something bigger. Secundi. Secundi plata. And then the patty milk.

Cheese plate, patty milk. Exactly. And then usually somebody at Eddebevix is like, you want a milkshake? I'll give you one. And I'm like- Usually someone offers you a milkshake and gives you one. Yeah, because I'm friends with them. So, they're nice to me. Oh, wow. They mean everybody else but I go to every day so they can keep up the facade. I wanted to say for somebody who works at a gym, you are- And I don't like to talk about people's body shapes because we're all just trapped in these bodies that parents gave us.

Yeah, skin sex. But you're very- You know, I don't even like to use the word morbidly but you are obese. You're pleasantly obese. Thank you so much. Pleasantly such an asswhip. Back in the renaissance days, you would be considered very attractive. I'd be a model.

Yes, Ruben-esque. Thank you. Yes. So, people liked it about me at the gym because I make them feel better about themselves. Yeah, it's aspirational in a way of, wow, look how better I'm doing than this person. Exactly.

Yeah. So, that's actually part of the reason she hired me.

She said, okay, well, so long as you don't lose a pound. So, she weighs you every day? Every day. So, that's part of the reason I got to go to E.F. Beavis. I got to fill up. Right. Come home, come back to the gym, I mean, which I call it home because- Are you sleeping there? Are you taking micro naps or- Do you roll yourself up in the rug? Yes.

Anyone ever mistake you for a dead body that they need to get rid of somehow? No, it hasn't exactly been beloved. I've had people think I was homeless or something and I'm like, look it, you know, I'm the one who wipes down the machines because you buggers can do it yourself. You say buggers to the clients? Well, no, I say because you fit people don't wipe them down. Right, yeah. But inside you're thinking they're buggers.

That's right. I get it. Co-witching. Your co-witching. And I keep it up and I go, keep pick on there. Nice and tight. In May so that you work real hard and they get pick on and I go, go for it. Wow. So, let's get back to Joffrey. He asks you out, did you take him up on it?

So yeah, I did. I said literally, happy to meet you. Anytime doing like dinner. I'm such a free bird. I'm willing to like- You just got to make sure that you're carbo loading during it. Exactly.

As long as that happens. And then he's like, he cancels on me. Whoa. And I was just kind of like, I don't know what I did. And I don't know if it's like something to do with the gym or with Sinan or if like Sinan told him something. What would Shannon possibly tell him to steer him away?

Just that I kind of sleep around a lot. Oh, okay. That's not so bad. I mean, you know, look, we're all trying to just, you know, we're all just squirrels trying to get our nut, you know? So who cares if, you know, how many people are you sleeping with?

I sleep with, you know, just a couple of people a shift or whatever. And oh, during your shift.

Like what do you, what am I supposed to do? You know, I can't go home. I don't have one right now. I'm living at the gym and I've got the rug. So what's the big deal if I want to hook up with somebody? Are you doing this in a storeroom or in a, when you say a rug, I mean, it's a, sounds like a pretty big rug. Where are you taking these gentlemen or ladies?

We usually go, you know, like the sneak room. The snake room or the sneak room? Snake.

Snake. Like the little slithering things. We went snake room. Oh, snack. Snack room. Okay. I got it.

Where you eat the different kinds of snacks. Yeah. Okay.

Yeah. I do know the snacks. So nobody goes in there because everybody's so full from edbiviks.

So it's just like, it's a little empty all the time. It's like those old houses, the standard or the formal dining rooms. No one goes in them. I'm not familiar with a snack room in a gym.

Yeah. Oh no. Yeah. They all have them. Okay. I guess I, yeah. Yeah. No. They're picked usually at most gyms. They're picked. Right. But edbiviks is so great. Everybody's going there.

No need to use a sneak room. So you use the snack room first. So I use it and I don't say what the big deal is. Like, look, I got to get laid. I'm a feminist. Right. I'm going to hook up with whoever I'm going to hook up with. Okay. Yes, girl.

Yes, girl. So I finally like somebody, Joffrey. Yeah. Oh wait. You don't like the people that you hook up with. This is purely just sex.

Okay. I'm just doing it like anything you like. You need to stay healthy. Right.

What do you like about Joffrey that you, that it doesn't sound like you had too much conversation with him. What did you like? Because he's small. He's blonde.

He's so small. Really? He's like 5'10". Oh, that's, I mean, as far as humans go, that's generally on the upper scale. Yeah. So he's small for me. I mean, you're, how tall are you?

6 foot? 6'2". You're 6'2", and approximately, I would say 7 hundo? How many hundos have you broken off when it comes to poundage? I'm 6'95". Oh, okay. So can you, can you gain? Normally when I came in, I was 17. Oh, she's pissed. She was like, Oh, am I crazy or did you lose weight? She's weighing you though. Does she forget the numbers? It's the activity. I get weighed in kilos. Oh, it's hard to translate. She doesn't have time to put it into her phone. Is that because you, was that your request because you've been to Australia? Yes, well, I have an Australian scale I bring with me. Oh, I see. Oh, they don't have scales at that gym that you work at?

So they do, but they're in the sneak room and I bet he goes in there. Oh, okay. Yeah. Except for me, in my guys. Right. So you guys get it. Yep. So you finally like this guy. He blows you off.

Did he send you a text or anything like that? He just goes kind of like, I don't know, you know, I can go, I'm at the Scientology Center and things are really busy for me here. And I think he was trying to like convert me. Possibly. Into a Scientologist?

Yeah. Oh, okay. Interesting.

Are you, how do you feel about that? That message doesn't sound like it's an invitation to convert you. It sounds like he's blowing you off as far as the whole, like, I'm really busy right now.

That's true. Did he ever say, do you want to come across the street or?

No, nothing like that. But I could just tell from the tone of the text that I think he was trying to like make me a Scientologist and I'm like, that's fine.

That's fine. The tone of the text, you inferred all of that. It just felt very Scientological, you know? I don't know what you mean by that. But, so, so you didn't go across the street, you never hopped over?

No, but he's, he hasn't been big to the gym. Oh no.

Like I said, I think the Gynan said something and I'm kind of like, I don't know if she told him the what or if he wants me to be a Scientologist, but I'm just kind of like, I liked him. I thought he was small. I'd love to think, you know, see where this could go. So I want to make sure, cause I think he listens to these podcasts. Oh, he's a fan.

I want to make sure they need noise. Well, if that's the case, maybe you should talk about something other than his stature. Yeah. To make him feel small. Yeah. I mean, I don't know. Maybe there's something else. Was there something about a smile?

What did you like about him? That's not a negative, you know, a negative.

What's beat about being small? Well, I mean, you know, when you're, it's kind of emasculating to be like, I'm so small, you know, I mean, you know, maybe talk about his more positive attributes. I think him being small is a positive.

Positive to you, probably negative to other people. I liked his whole thing with, um, he was wearing these really long shorts. Pants?

Shorts. But so how long are these things? What are we talking?

Like mid-caf. Mid-caf. Oh, okay.

Okay. So like board shorts?

Like a couloir? Like a capri. Oh, a capri.

Oh. Okay. Was he wearing, okay. He was wearing, was he wearing like boat shoes or what? He was wearing Crocs.

Okay. Crocs. All right. Great. So you want to tell Joffrey that you're interested, he listens and you're out there. I want him to know like, A, yeah, I sleep with a lot of guys, but guess what? I don't feel anything for them.

Okay. And maybe you're good at sex too. Are you good at sex do you think?

I'm fine. Okay.

Nothing special. All right.

Okay. And then number two, if you're a Scientologist, it's totally cool with me.

Okay. Okay. All right.

So this is kind of a misconnections kind of, I didn't, I thought we were getting fitness tips, but it's more. Well you're getting those too. Everybody should wipe down their machines.

Oh, okay. I don't know if that's a fitness tip.

I don't know. I'll take it. It's not bad. Well, good. Uh, thank you, Becky. Uh, we need to go to a break if that's okay. Can you stick around here?

Totally fine. Yes.

And it's totally fine with you. Don't be mad. Totally fine with me. I'm not pissed.

You're not mad.

Okay. Great. Uh, and uh, we'll be right back with more comedy, bang, bang, more cool up, more Becky. We'll be right back. Comedy bang, bang. We're back here. Cool off.

Eli Sock is here with us. Origin story out on Amazon VOD currently.

Yes. You can watch it. You can enjoy it. You can have a good laugh. You can have a good cry, something in the middle. You can stare, just stare at it blankly.

Yeah. Pause it, pause it anywhere. Pause it anywhere. Go take shits during it.

Take as many as you like. You know what I mean? If you're working a 20 hour shift, you're going to have to. And speaking of that, Becky is here from 24 hour fitness and, uh, we have not received any kind of phone call from Joffrey here on our end.

Have you received any sort of message since you've been on the show?

No, nothing yet, but I'm still hopeful and, um, I'm praying for him.

Well, uh, hopefully it, uh, this relationship will lead to marriage much like a cool up and I, and that leads us to our next guest. He is a marriage counselor. Please welcome to the show, Randy either hover, hover or Hoover. We'll find out.

Well, I'll tell you what, uh, the name's Randy and you must've spelt it a little wrong. It's a H is my middle initial and it's over Randy H over Randy H over.

And with the oom lots above the O. Well, no, that was a comma.

That was a, how'd you get that comma up there? That's not a standard typewriter.

Well, no, it's handwritten. Photoshop or, Oh, you hand, I tried to, this looks like a professional font. This is handwritten.

Yeah. Well, I mean, this, are you like some sort of calligrapher or when my mother was a calligrapher and made me write everything calligraphy.

Oh, okay. It's wow. I mean, it looks like a typewriter.

Well, if you want, I mean, I tried to white it out. Um, you can see where I tried to do a white out.

Oh yeah. And then I got interrupted by a phone call from my dog Walker.

Oh, okay. What's going on with your dog? Uh, died out of nowhere.

Should you be on the show? Do you want to get back home?

Fine. Listen, I'm used to dealing with tragedy. Uh, I'm used to it.

How do you mean you're used to dealing with in your own life?

I invite tragedy into my life so that I get used to it.

How do you, what do you mean you're like engage in risky behavior?

I'll have say, for example, with this situation with my dog, I had him killed.

Um, what's like a contract? Uh, well, not a contract. I just hired somebody, um, task grab it to kill my dog. Uh, which by the way, um, I shouldn't even, I shouldn't be admitting to this. I mean, this is like, uh, who's, who's Janelle Evans, the, the my teen mom or something like that. The husband killed the dog. She got fired off from her job because of it.

Well, it's, I work for myself, so I can't fire myself. Oh, okay. Yeah. But Randy, Randy is here. Randy H over with the kind, why were you trying to put a comma above the, uh, the, uh, it was a mistake. It was a mistake. Oh, okay. And then you tried to wipe glazing over the fact that he had his, his dog. What was wrong with your dog? No, I, again, I invite tragedy into my life.

So in order to, to, to, so when larger tragedies happen, they don't seem that bad. It won't feel that bad. Cause I have numb myself to the pain of a disappointment. I love the, I mean, there aren't, I'm trying to think of bigger tragedies than a death of something you love. Maybe you didn't have an attachment to the, the lots of things you love.

That's true. I guess so. Yeah.

My entire family, um, was not killed, but I assume taken away and kidnapped. Uh, you assume, what do you mean you assume this? I assume it.

Did you receive some sort of note with the, uh, no, you just, they disappeared.

We were on vacation. We were all waters. Bermuda, Bermuda, Bermuda triangle. No, not that. Okay. Just Bermuda, the one that the beach boys talk about in a Kokomo.

Do they talk about Bermuda, New Hampshire? Oh no. Okay.

This is maybe they are, I know this is a lake or something. Yeah. Really? Briefly. Yeah. Oh wow.

After Ohio, Ohio, then Bermuda, New Hampshire.

And then I did my study abroad in Australia for a couple of months. What did you study while you were there? Um, mostly just like science stuff. Oh wow.

What's which, which of the sciences did you and political science, chemistry, anthropology, social science. Wow. Okay. So you know a lot about, uh, how we all came to be what we are. Why we do what we do. I guess. Yeah.

While we are where we are. And that brings me to you two.

Wait, wait, wait. When you say you two, are you talking about the band? Are you talking about two of the three of us? No, I was, I wasn't, I was talking about all four of us right here. Oh, why'd you say you two? Oh, I was talking to you two as in the, all of us. Oh, the Royal you two. That might be wrong. Listen, I'm not properly educated. I didn't, um, I learned calligraphy. Can Bono get a knighthood speaking of the Royal you two or is it because he's Irish? I don't know. I thought he was, he was already knighted. Sir, Bono. I don't think he is. Hey, don't fight. Okay. It's not worth it. Hey, let me do the heavy lifting. Oh, okay. Sure. Let me do the heavy lifting. We'll lay out. You guys were fighting like a lot earlier. Thank you. Really? Sorry. I just, I'm just observing. Becky is just a representative of what everybody thinks. Oh, that's why I'm here today. I've got, well, apologies to cool off. A lot of calls coming in from the office to my office asking me if I could stop by, maybe talk to the two of you while we had an opportunity to have you in the same room. Oh, okay. So this is, this is a request or, uh, earwolf hired me, Dan, uh, Danny, Dan, Danny, who's Dan. I don't know Danny here, but, uh, I don't honestly, and this is going to sound rude.

I don't care what you think. Um, it does sound a little bit rude. That's I mean, generally when people say that to you, it's, uh, it's very negative. I don't think it's very right.

Thank you. Okay. All right. Listen, I care how you treat each other. I'll, I'll, I'll treat you any way I want. That's how I handle it. Okay. I do that lifting.

You don't care about me. I'm coming in your life for one reason. Keep your boats floats. Okay.

Yeah. I guess I don't have any sort of like emotional attachment to you. So, and you shouldn't. Okay. Although I'm getting paid a lot of money by airwolf to come in here and talk to the two of you. But I guess strangers on the street, you know, if you're driving and someone flips you off, you don't have any emotional attachment to them, but you, you get upset. I'd kill them.

You'd kill them. I'd kill them.

What happened to your family on the lake? We were water skiing each of us individually, but at the same time with different boats. Yeah. We were playing, uh, have you ever done this played, uh, Lake Lake soccer? No, I guess I've never heard of Lake soccer. You've never played Lake soccer.

I have a friend, hot dog. Who's a water skier and we've never, he's never brought up Lake soccer.

Well, ask him next time or her. I don't care. Yeah. It's a he, but, uh, as a, what is Lake so how do you play? You get everyone individual boats. Well, you can't do that. You, you gotta, there, no one's on the boat that's done by remote. They're being pulled by the boats. Well, but you have a remote control to the boat while you're on the ski.

That's interesting. You can, so you can steer and do go. Usually you're at the mercy of the person driving the boat. Not in this game, Scott. And then you put a snowplow on the front of the boat.

Oh, that seems heavy. Well, what seems heavy to you might not be for a boat. It's pretty light for a boat. Okay. I guess, I guess so.

Definitely like for the, when was the last time you knew how strong a boat was? I don't know.

I'll walk a mile in the boat shoes or before. How's the job for you? Any word from him or no, you know, eat. No. All right. Okay. Make a long story.

Uh, short, uh, we were all doing that and they all, uh, disappeared and all the boats were found on fire and burn. Did you win the game?

Well, I, I, the game never finished. Oh, okay. It was called off due to, but I was ahead by how many points? All right. Uh, it was four to three to nine to six to four to two to two to two to four. You have a lot of family members. It's a good game. If I had a good game, it's a tight one. Why didn't you guys take teams instead of all playing individually?

I've never heard of individual soccer, let alone individual boats. Hey, you want to invent your own lake soccer game. Go ahead and do it. I'm just doing it the way that I, I used to watch it on TV when I was a kid. Oh, where'd you in, in new Hampshire or where were you? Okay. So you were.

No, the real, I grew up in the real, oh, okay. We'd go to summers in Bermuda. Oh, okay.

Yeah. That's a little confusing. Yeah. Well, Hey, so anytime you say Bermuda confusing from now on, I'm going to need you to specify which Bermuda you're talking about. Is that all right? You got it. Okay. Just because we're, there's two and you know, Oh, there's, there's more than two.

There's a bunch of Bermuda's. Okay. I'm fine if you don't specify. I can tell. Hey Becky, thank you. You're welcome. What's going on between Becky and Randy H over here?

What's the problem with you two? Why are you fighting all the time? I was going to say, I feel like our boats float. We're going to try to keep, we're going to try to keep normal voices and not yell at each other. Oh, do you want us to speak a little lower? You don't have to be a pussy about it. Uh, somewhere in between you want me to split around here? Is this a, do you identify as a pussy? Well, clearly look, uh, you are what you eat. Am I right? That's disrespectful. Now apologize to your wife. I'm sorry. It doesn't matter if you are. It's what we witnessed on the outside that counts. It's what we view of you guys. And what we see is a really dysfunctional marriage. Oh, thank you. Hey Becky. Thank you. Look, Becky, I don't know whether I need to take advice from the likes of you. All right. Hey, I mean, you don't wipe down your gyms, your gym stuff. I might, I might not, but I don't need, uh, I don't want to slut shame you here, but I don't need to take advice from some fucking slut. Whoa.

It's okay. I identify as a slut. It's not a big deal. That's why I'm saying it. This is on your bio. I saw it there. Like, I didn't want to say it when I introduced you. You know what the divorce rate in the United States of America is? One in two. A hundred percent. No.

Well, I mean, when, when people die, yeah, they technically get divorced. Thank you. Yeah. Do you know what? Okay. All right. I, okay.

I get it now on average and I'll just throw this out here because it would be impossible to remarry if you weren't divorced suddenly. Exactly. The moment someone dies. That's exactly right. And what's weird is when people die for like six minutes or whatever, and they're technically dead, they are suddenly divorced and they have to get remarried immediately after. When you die and you come back, you're actually, even if you're, you should get remarried. Yeah. And even if it's the same person, that's your second wife. Yeah, exactly. So a hundred percent, you take that kind of thing into account. Guess how many fights the average American couple who's married has every day? I'm going to say 500. Oh, I don't even know that there's time. That's exactly right, Becky. That's exactly right. 500 fights per day. 500 on average. So some are having a lot more.

That's four an hour. That's like every 15 minutes if you are not asleep ever. Some, yeah, some are just one long fight, but it gets broken up. Oh, okay. But you count them as different fights? Well, yeah. Sort of like the marriage, if it's your second marriage, it's your second fight.

Exactly. Exactly. When's the last fight you guys had and what was it about? I mean, we've been in here, you know, for a little while and you said we've been fighting, so you would have witnessed it unless you- You guys even screaming at each other.

I don't honestly recall that. Well, that's passive, that's just being passive aggressive, which is, that's just, this is what I like to call the shit of a fight. So it's like a fight shit the passive aggressive nature out and now we're sitting in your shit while we witness it in here. I feel heavy because I'm covered in your shit.

Okay. We're literally painted.

I apologize. You're wet, draining mud. Okay. Look, I don't- Like I got to get big to the gym and get in the chair. That's how I feel.

Yeah. I don't, this is all a metaphor still. But clearly you're- I don't want anyone listening to be imagining you guys with shit all over.

I would never do that to another person. What's the gym in this metaphor?

The gym is the gym. Oh, okay. What's the shower?

I can't say the name of it, Bob. 24 hour fitness, we've already talked about it.

Okay. You guys know it's 25 hour fitness.

When you woke up this morning, what was the first thing you said to each other?

Good morning, honey. Jesus. So it was a bad start.

Bad start? Really? And what did you say back? So she right away, and that's got to be hard for somebody to be that aggressive towards you right out of the- Well, it'd be putting that position right away, like to suddenly I have to have a good morning.

Right. Okay. All right.

It's a little, you know, like let me have the morning that I'm going to have.

Right. Okay.

And then check in with me, you know, as it progresses, like, are you having a good morning?

Right.

Okay. I made an assumption.

And what did you say? The first thing you said- I said, that's a little personal.

Oh.

See where the fight was?

Yeah. It's like when you start off that, I suddenly I'm defensive.

It's like, you know, I know, I should say when you say that it makes me feel this way.

That's right.

Is that a fight or just like a miscommunication?

Well, that's my next question. How physical did it get?

I mean, we were having sex.

Yeah. We were in the middle. We were like mid-coitus.

Okay. Well- I like to start when I'm half asleep.

Eat the gym?

No, we weren't at a gym. No, we were not in a sneak room or a snack room or a snake room.

Just because you only have sex at the gym doesn't mean other people do that.

That's not, yeah, just because it's your experience.

Well, I know you guys probably have your own personal gym or whatever.

So I don't know if you were having sex in there.

I don't have a personal gym. When you say a personal gym, do you mean like a room that we have gym equipment in or do you mean like we own a gym that's- I don't know. I don't- Or our sex is so physical that it's like working out.

Well, that's for sure. That's why I'm late.

So you can sense the heat between us. Is that what you're saying?

Yeah. You guys seem like two people who fuck at the gym.

No, no, that's you. You're thinking of yourself and your partners.

And your snack room.

Yeah.

Okay. Well- Guess what?

Randy, are you okay?

Are you okay? Are you another guest that needed to cough before you started?

Are you okay? Oh my God.

Randy.

Oh my- is this about your dog?

Are you all right? You're- Wait, are you laughing?

Tears streaming down your face, but you have a maniacal Joker grin.

I thought you were crying and then it got really creepy.

Oh no, I was honestly- You're like pumping your fist like you're Tiger Woods out on the golf course.

I just got- I did just get news that I was in on eBay and I won a bid for a pack of dogs.

Oh, so I have a bunch of new dogs.

This is awful.

This is like a Michael Vick situation.

Animal services needs to step in here.

I don't have them fight. I don't have them- No, but you have them killed.

Let me ask you guys something. What percentage of having sex between a married couple is fighting and what part of it is lovemaking?

I'm going to say 98%.

Is fighting?

Is fighting or is the- That's exactly right, Becky. Now you must have read my book.

You have a book?

I did. I didn't want to say anything, but I did read it.

What is your book? What is- I didn't know you were- that's not in your bio.

It does say that you're a slut though. I don't know why our producer is putting that in each of these bios, but- I am a slut.

You are a slut? You identify as a slut?

I'm a slut. I think, I mean, I also- I do like to have sex with who I want. I feel like it's a show of power.

Oh, okay.

To who? Who are you showing power to?

I think people find it very attractive.

But it's consensual sex.

Of course it is.

When you say who you want, meaning you find someone that wants to as well, right?

Of course, while I find somebody and I say, I want to have sex with you.

And then almost always they go, yes. And if they say no, then I go, okay, well- No harm, no foul.

Yeah. Like that's your choice. And almost every time if I go, that's your choice, almost every time, guess what percentage of people flip it around and decide to have sex with me?

Zero?

I'm going to go- One percent.

I'm going to say 87.

That's right.

Or five percent.

That's right, Becky.

Wow.

That's right. That's also in my book.

Well, she's read the book though. I feel like you're at an unfair advantage over us.

I gotta say though, you know, I take your advice every day and in the snack room when I've been with a guy, I'm like, guess what? I'm going to fuck you if you want to fuck. And then they say, are they yes or no? And if they say no, I go, okay, then get the fuck you to here.

And then what percentage of people then say, you know what?

I guess I will fuck you.

87.5.

You're rounding up from before, but yeah.

That's all right.

And you guys are both doing this record keeping to get these percentages.

Well, it's all in my, like I said, it's all in my book.

Wait, you have the, you have the list, part of your book is the list of everyone you've ever had sex with and whether they say yes or no.

Well, yeah. And that's what, I mean, I hope so.

And their personal information is in this book.

Uh, well, yeah, they're not their personal information, their phone numbers and addresses.

That's pretty personal.

Okay. Well then yeah.

It's not personal because you don't know which Bermuda always that he's talking about.

You never specified.

I don't put the state.

These are purely Bermuda locals.

Yeah. Well, always from Bermuda.

One of the Bermudas.

Yeah.

So you have a very specific and you're not from.

No, but I, he lived there.

So I think I've seen the chintz.

Yeah. Well look, uh, uh, I mean, there, uh, it's, it seems to be the minute that, uh, Randy H. Over came in here, your eyes lit up Becky. So, uh, uh, we'll see what happened.

Yeah.

I mean, he's also small.

I mean, how tall are you?

Five 11.

Five six.

Oh, you're tiny.

Well, that's what they say.

Like even shorter.

And he's just stood up then.

Yeah.

Well, I thought you were sitting this whole time, but you've been standing.

I've been on my tippy toes girl.

Wow. It's something, isn't it?

Okay.

Yeah, it is something.

All right.

A lot of, I'd like to fuck you.

Oh, I would also like to fuck you, but I got to get back to the gym.

I can go there.

Look, we need to take a break.

Maybe you can do it in our book really quick.

Do it during plugs.

All right.

We go ahead.

All right.

Just if you have a chance and you want to learn how to make your marriage happy, read, uh, I can, I can, I can, I can, I can, I can, I can, I can, I can, I can, I can, I can help with your marriage.

Okay.

It's so funny.

A lot long title.

I thought it sounded to me like a Carl, I can family reunion for a minute.

Well, it comes from the song.

Becky, what were you going to say?

You thought it was something else?

I thought it was, I can, I can, I can, I can, I can, I can, I can, I can, I can, I can, I can, I can, I can, I can, I can, I can, I can.

That's what I, yeah.

Not the, not the help with your marriage.

You just thought it was the end.

Did you stop reading the book title after a minute and you were just like, okay.

She's just taking a break.

Well, the Pat, I think, you know, the first page just is our king.

Oh, you never, oh yeah.

I'm sorry.

I did have to extend the title onto a second.

Right.

Okay.

Look, we need to take a break.

When we come back, we'll have more with Becky, more with Randy H over, uh, more with Koolapi Lysak.

Uh, and, uh, uh, when we come back, I'd like to get into some of your techniques if that's all right.

You got it.

Let's do it.

Okay.

We'll be right back with more comedy bang bang after this.

Comedy bang bang.

We are back here.

Koolapi Lysak origin story out right now.

You can watch it, uh, approximately, uh, as many times as you want.

You can watch it as, yeah, I guess that's true.

Yeah.

You don't need to round up or round down.

We also have Becky here from the 24 hour fitness.

What's up, guys?

You've gotten very animated since the beginning of the show.

We also have Randy H over Randy H over marriage counselor.

The H is for his isn't.

Huh?

The H is for hit isn't.

Yeah.

Okay.

Hit isn't.

It's a Bermuda.

It's an old, uh, Bermuda.

Which one you gotta, you gotta specify, uh, Thailand.

There's a Bermuda in Thailand.

Well, there's not, not one.

Okay.

Uh, and, uh, uh, Randy H over Randy hit isn't over, uh, is here to, uh, uh, uh, uh, talk about Jesus.

Not necessarily us, but slow down.

Slow down.

I was actually, someone say speed up.

I was like trying to figure out what I was going to say.

I'm stumbling over my words, but you want me to slow it down even further.

I'm talking about you guys fighting.

Slow it down.

Nobody wants to live like that.

What are you, have you ever been married?

I have not been married.

I've never even had a girlfriend or boyfriend.

You've never, you've, you, you've had several sexual relationships.

It's too many.

Too, too many.

In fact, you think too many, too many to even count.

And these have lasted one a piece or a couple minutes.

Oh, I can't, I do not last very long at all.

Oh, okay.

On average guess between, uh, one and eight seconds.

Guess how long I last.

I, Steven.

That's right, Becky.

Wow.

Okay.

So that's, that's not even like a bull rider.

Is that good for you?

I mean, I feel like I've only made it inside a woman, uh, once.

What?

So you, when you say seven seconds, this is from the moment the person says, yes, I will.

So you don't even make it into the other room.

You're just like, well, usually I try to ask where I want to do it.

Okay.

So I will, I will, uh, kind of like lead somebody, but not trick them, but I might say like, Hey Becky, um, can you show me where the, uh, all the triskets are?

Oh my gosh, she is in the Snicker Room.

Oh, show me exactly where they are.

Okay.

So, and then we'll get back to the Snicker Room and she would say something like, you know, Here are the triskets.

Right.

And then that's when you asked that.

So you're in the room already.

Have you taken off your clothes at this point?

Not yet.

I take them off as I'm saying this, I want to, I'm going to fuck you.

You're going to wait.

So it's not, you want to, you just say your intention.

It depends how, what I'm reading on a personal.

What's the vibe?

Yeah.

I gotta, I gotta get the vibe.

So with this vibe, you felt like it was okay to be like, I'm gonna fuck you.

Like you had sort of implied consent already.

Yeah.

It is implied consent.

Yeah.

I think it should be more, a little more explicit than just...

Well, nobody cares what you think.

Look, all right.

I get, maybe the law does, but, uh...

Oh, sure.

Let's worry about that.

So I mean, the law of marriage also says you should treat your wife and your husband with respect.

Good point.

I think everything's okay between us, but so you, you're in the snack room already.

Yeah.

You, you're taking off your clothes as you say this, presuming that Becky says, all right.

Yes.

I'd be like, okay, yes.

Right.

And from that moment, we're on the countdown.

You're on the clock.

I'm trying to get my corduroys off as fast as I can.

You exclusively wear corduroys?

And always.

Maroon category.

Maroon category of corduroys.

How many pairs?

Five?

Do I have?

Yeah.

Between one.

Nevermind.

This is a Maroon five joke.

Anyway, so you, you're trying to get these off.

Four.

You have four pants.

That's right, Becky.

Four pants.

So that's in the book?

Four pants.

Yeah.

He starts off by saying, I was wearing one of my four corduroy pants.

And the maroon color.

That's right.

Okay.

So, uh, yeah, yeah.

So you're trying to get these off.

So I'll almost never get them off and I will ejaculate onto the floor or something like that.

Oh, okay.

I wouldn't call you a slut.

I wouldn't do that.

Yeah.

Well, I only say it's like, cause I will then immediately be like, I want to still, uh, I want to still do it.

Right.

And I'll button up my corduroys again.

Right.

Why are you, why are you buttoning back them back up?

Trust me.

Uh, God knows it's a stupid mistake on my part.

But you do it every single time, every single time.

And what, what happened the one time that you were actually able to get in there?

Were you wearing a breakaway pants of some sort or?

That was honestly, that was just luck.

As the, I had that day, I had asked if we had any, what's that, um, uh, creamy, uh, cheese.

I recover brother.

Cottage trays.

Okay.

She's the one with the cheese place.

It was Ed to Bevix every day.

So it was ricotta.

It was ricotta.

So I'd asked, do you know if you guys have any ricotta cheese?

Where were you?

This is a 24 hour finish.

Oh my gosh.

Which one?

I can't remember.

It's near the, uh, Scientology.

Oh my gosh.

No way.

Wait a minute.

It's the one I work at.

Were you here for the first part?

It's the one I work at.

She works, she works at a 24 hour fitness.

I know.

I've had to add the Bevix.

Oh yeah.

Yeah.

She works with someone named work.

I work at the Bevix.

You work at Ed to Bevix.

Now it makes a little more sense.

Your whole thing.

But I'm surprised because I know you, I know your books.

I did not see it.

Ed to be.

I go there every day.

Are you front of house or are you front of house or are you behind the scenes?

I'm just part-time host.

Oh, that's the front.

That's very, are you working in the morning?

The lunch shift.

She's only there during dinner.

Oh, that's a, I don't work the dinner shift.

That's why I never see you.

That's crazy.

That's not.

We've been working so close to each other.

And we didn't even know it.

So you go to the gym.

Well, I work out when I have time off from Ed to Bevix.

So you work out during dinner.

Yeah.

Oh my gosh.

That's why I've never seen you.

This is like a gift to the magi kind of thing.

Maga.

I agree.

No.

You said it.

No.

We don't have time to get into that.

No, we don't have time for that.

But, uh, so, so you, she works with someone named Shannon who, uh, uh, she identifies.

She's a real, uh, I mean, pardon me.

I don't like to say this word.

Neither do I.

She's a cunt.

Oh, she identifies as a bitch.

Oh yeah.

I mean, you're just, you're just calling her that.

And also Randy, you said it and then you licked your lips.

I feel like you love saying it.

Is that a bad thing?

Yeah, it's pretty bad, but so who did you have?

Who did you have sex with in the, in the gym when you were asking about the ricotta?

Uh, this is a little embarrassing, but, uh, she was, um, it wasn't a female.

Oh, okay.

That's fine.

I don't know what we're, I don't know what your opinions are here.

I was a little uncomfortable.

Something you said a couple of minutes ago, I'm guessing what your opinions are, but.

Well, no, I just, it was my first time and I didn't honestly, I didn't, it didn't hit with me, but I, I did, I did experience it and I'm glad I got it.

How did you get inside?

Why'd you have sex with a machine?

No, it was a, uh.

Was it the ricotta?

No, it was a little blonde kid.

Not a kid.

I call everybody a little, he was young compared to me.

How old are you?

How old was this quote kid unquote?

I'm 61.

He couldn't have been any more than, uh, 50, 55.

So this is just a colloquialism.

You say this in Bermuda, anyone who's younger than you.

That's right.

What he was wearing.

Like, did you, do you remember what he was wearing?

Was it maybe long, long shorts?

He had long shorts on now.

How tall was he?

He was, he was, I mean, I'm guessing at this.

Cause you're, you're pretty short.

Yeah.

I'm guessing.

I was five anywhere.

What's a rule?

What's a ruler?

Uh, 12 inches.

Okay.

He was five of that, but a little less than half of a ruler.

I guess if you want, like that's a guess though.

Are you trying to say he's six inches to seven inches tall?

No, I'm saying he was that much taller than me.

Oh, like five, 10, like maybe five, 10, five.

Oh no, no, no, no.

Five.

This is pretty crazy stuff.

Do you, do you know, was his name spelled, uh, J I I F or I.

No, J I I F E F E F E I I I I I I.

I mean, I only know cause he was wearing, um, he was wearing a, a name tag.

Name tag from the Scientology center.

Right.

And he kept it.

He was like, uh, well, the short of it is that he was, he was ready.

And I was able to make my way.

Can I ask, did he mention any plans he had that evening of going over to Ed to Bevix where you work?

He had some sort of a date or something.

Yeah.

That's more explicit.

It's so crazy that there are two Joffre's that go to their gym.

This is crazy.

Becky, I don't think that's the conclusion.

That's not where we're at.

There's a lot of Joffre's in the world.

So you're right about that.

Was he texting at any point during your physical encounter?

He was texting somebody called Jim Becky.

Jim Becky. So he knows more than one Becky.

Jim Becky.

And he kept going.

It's not Jim, J I M Becky, like Dave Becky, the, uh, the famous manager.

It was Jim.

Jim who may be canceled.

I'm not sure.

I don't keep up with these things, but, um, so it's not related to him.

So weird that like I had no idea there was more than one.

Joffre work in there.

If there's one thing I've learned in life, uh, life can get pretty weird.

Wait, are you guys still flirting?

Is this still happening?

I thought we were lucky.

He, he, he, he swooped in and stole your man.

Why you guys think it was the same Joffre?

We think it's the same job.

I'm certain it is.

Certainly it's the same job.

Every detail.

This is classic.

Becky, you work at a gym, I'm blown away.

I'm freaking flawed.

I'm flawed.

I'm on the floor.

You are on the floor.

I mean, he took his opportunity in those seven seconds.

You guys really need to clean in here.

Yeah.

It's don't worry.

I need a rug.

Is that fun for you guys to distract from the hell that you guys live in your own marriage by pushing it onto me and, and what happened to me at a gym?

That's classic.

I apologize.

I don't apologize.

I want to know how ricotta plays into this.

I'll just love ricotta.

That was honestly, I wanted ricotta cheese.

And it just kind of happened.

Honestly, this is, this is true.

I just love the way it tastes.

Yeah.

That's any, anytime you talk about food and you like it.

Yeah, I get it.

You like the way it tastes.

Well, not every, not every time.

I mean, but that's fine.

I want you guys to know I'm I'm over it.

Okay.

You're over.

I'm over the cow.

You've moved past Joffrey.

I'm Beck.

I'm ready to go.

Becky's back.

Ready to go with what?

With a Randy H. Over?

I'm ready to make it work.

Okay.

I'd love to meet you.

Maybe get a drink cause I'm not used to dating, but I got a good feeling.

Never had a relationship.

You and, uh.

I just don't, and then, so this brings up why I don't think you're an expert in marriage because you've never experienced it.

Yeah.

This is true.

People who are experts are most often the best experts when they have no expert knowledge on their subject of expertise.

You know, it's like if you're a football coach, they don't expect you to go out there and, you know, make passes or whatever, you know, you're, you're.

They expect you to know the game.

They expect you to.

Know the game.

Well, you know, the game.

I know the game.

Trust me.

I know the game.

You guys are playing with me too, and it's not going to work because I'm going to make you look in the mirror every day until your marriage fails.

And that, and that way.

With death, you mean?

Well, that's what I'm saying.

If divorce is a hundred percent common.

Okay.

What are we doing guys?

Right.

Why are we even bothering?

Why are we bothering?

So it sounds like you're trying to drive a wedge in my marriage and force us into divorce.

Okay.

Also, these are warning signs for you, Becky.

Oh, I'm good.

I'm fine.

He seems like a commitment folk to me and that's okay with you though.

Look, you know, if you guys read the book, then you'd know most things.

It's just not worth trying.

And like, yeah, I had high hopes for Joffrey or whatever, but like, if Joffrey wants to fuck other guys, it's not my thing.

All I need to do is take care of me and keep going and maybe fuck some other guys.

Okay.

Yeah, I don't have any problems.

Even smaller guys, he's pretty tiny and just adorable.

And you know, I mean, maybe you can get into the paperback edition of his book, you know, your personal information, your address, your phone number.

Do you want to say that here on air or?

Yeah, I'd like to be in the big of the book with my full address at the gym.

All three of you guys are getting in my book.

Oh no, we don't want to be.

It's too late.

What do you mean it's too late?

Oh my God.

I see his pants.

His cards.

Yeah, please don't take those off.

And three, two, one.

There it is.

Okay.

Look, we're running out of time.

I need to borrow that rug.

Yeah, we're running out of time.

We just have one final feature.

That's a little something called Plugs.

Plugs time.

It's not show time anymore.

So keep it short, now keep it sweet.

It's time for you and me.

Do you hear some plugs?

Maybe in my butt.

That was Plugs theme.

Plugs parentheses not show in parentheses time by the D.

D-I-I-H.

The D?

Something like that.

Thank you to them for that Plugs theme.

All right, what do we want to plug?

Cool up, we have, it sounds to me like you have a thing where you have a movie out.

That's right.

Origin story available now on Amazon and then it'll be rolling out to other platforms later.

All right, so go watch that and let you know what you think and talk about it and tell people about it.

Share with your friends.

Use that social media.

Sure.

Yeah.

You know, smash those likes.

Becky, what do you have to plug here?

So you can follow me on my Twitter.

Okay, what is that?

It's at L-I-L-Y-Y-I-L-Y.

And also you can see- L-I-L-Y-L-I-L-Y?

L-I-L-Y-Y-I-L-Y.

Okay, L-I-L-Y-Y-I-L-Y.

Yes.

Okay, got it.

And also, you know, the show I Think You Should Leave on Netflix.

There's a good episode in episode four.

It's a good one.

Okay, great.

We'll check that out.

Thank you.

Randy, it is over?

Yeah, it isn't over.

You can check out a TV show called The Last OG in season two.

Currently 10 o'clock on Tuesday nights.

Why?

It's a great show.

Just a- God damn it.

It's just a gut feeling.

Just a gut feeling.

Just a gut feeling that something is going to be good.

Just a gut feeling.

And by my book, a follow-up to my first book called You Wanna, You Wanna, You Wanna, You Wanna, You Wanna, You Wanna, You Wanna, You Wanna, You Wanna, You Wanna, You Wanna, You Wanna, You Wanna, You Wanna, You Wanna, You Wanna, You Wanna, Listen to this because it's going to help the marriage.

All right, great.

Check those out.

I want to plug, hey, celebrate our last hundo with these wonderful Comedy Bang Bang posters that we put out.

And then we also have a Comedy Bang Bang 10th anniversary t-shirts as well.

Go check those out.

And we're doing a live show at Clusterfest in San Francisco coming up in June.

So come check us out as well as a live Are You Talking REM repeat.

All right.

My UTI t-shirt.

Yeah, I don't think so.

All right, let's close up the old plug bag.

Don't let any air in.

Close it up your heart by you.

Open up the bag.

Close your heart.

Open up the bag.

Open up your heart.

Open up the bag.

Open the bag.

OK.

Yeah, we're going to need a remix of that.

I think someone did do a remix.

We got to check that out.

All right, guys, I want to thank you so much.

Cool up.

So good to see you.

I'll see you a little bit later.

Oh, yeah, baby.

And Becky and Randy have both of you have your clothes off.

And what's going on?

We're getting our way to the gym to the sneaker home.

That's right.

You should take your clothes off once you get to the gym.

Not now.

This is just fine.

This is what you're going to drive over there naked or?

Well, most of us are going to eat the Bevix.

Oh, OK.

Do you have a snack room at the Bevix?

It's not called the snack room.

Yeah, I would.

I think the whole restaurant is technically a snack room in a way.

Yeah, we have a shake room.

You have a shake room?

Is that why there's so many free shakes?

No, not that kind of shake.

Oh, I call it the shake.

A lot of people call it a dance floor.

We added Bevix as a dance floor.

That's the whole reason I think I lost 10 pounds.

Oh, you're out there dancing?

Shaking it.

Oh, OK.

All right.

Thanks, guys.

We'll see you next time.

Bye.
