---
layout: page
title: 602. David Cross, Will Hines, Ele Woods [https：⧸⧸cloudfront.wolfpub.io⧸CBB-602-20190508-Cross-SKv03-PW.mp3].mp3.wav
category: cbb 
---

♪ Comedy Bang Bang ♪ An apple a day helps the diarrhea spray. Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

Eugh. Not sure I'm a fan of that one.

Uh, Euripides Shorts. Thank you so much for that, uh, wonderful catchphrase submission.

Euripides Shorts. We'd love to see Euripides Longs at some point.

Um, welcome to Comedy Bang Bang. We have a wonderful show here.

Uh, a little bit later we have a basketball coach. That's exciting.

Uh, this, uh, we don't often talk to people in the sporting arena.

Uh, I believe maybe we've had an NFL coach on the show before, but, uh, this is basketball coach.

I don't know at what level. Uh, it could be, uh, uh, Pop Warner's baseball, but, uh, what's, what's little kid basketball? Do you, does our first guest know?

I think Pop Warner is also football.

Is it really? Is that an organization that just wrangles kids into doing sports generally or is it- It's a guy named Pop Warner.

Pops Warner.

Yeah, who, uh, yeah, Pops is obviously a nickname.

Right. Sort of a Song of the South kind of character or- Very much so, yeah. Uh, uh, he, he's physically there, but everything else is animated.

Right.

So, uh, he travels to- Animated birds and rabbits and, yeah.

Oh, uh, all kinds of critters. Uh, uh, ferrets, rats, uh, maggots, uh, um, larvae, uh, um, all kinds of stuff. Deer ticks.

Maybe even those, like, uh, organisms that are on our faces constantly.

Yeah, yeah, yeah. Bacteria. Just basic bacteria.

Just basic animated bacteria everywhere.

Yep, and, uh, and, uh, that's why everyone in that world has open sores, you know, to better, you know, be able to see the bacteria.

Sure, yeah. And does he sing songs like the Zippity Doodah song that's in- He's still singing. It's one long song.

Really?

Yeah. And he doesn't- he only takes a break to, uh, go to the bathroom and he powers down, you know, sleeps for a couple minutes and then he's right back into the song.

So is he going for a world record on this? Is that why it's a long song or just- is it just- I think if he gets a world record, that's gravy. That's good.

Right. Icing on the cake.

Icing on the cake, uh, and he also gets a cake, you know, that's the other thing.

Like, if he is able to continue it, finish it up, he will get a cake.

If he gets the world record, then he gets icing on that cake.

Yes, exactly. As of now, it's like a dryer. It's kind of a dry cake. I mean, it's good.

Right.

Any cake is good, but, you know- It's just, you know, you want something to wash it- Buttercream icing. Yeah, exactly. Yeah.

Oh, no, butter- uh, not buttercream.

Oh, it's not buttercream. He's not allowed buttercream?

No, he's buttercream intolerant.

No, really. So not dairy in general, just buttercream.

Just buttercream.

That is terri- what a terrible life. I can only imagine living a life of- with animated maggots and larva and bacteria and then singing a really long song and only powering down to sleep for a couple of minutes and take a shit. And your only reward is a buttercream-less icing-less cake.

I think you're- but I think you're seeing it through your eyes. I think for him, you know, he doesn't know anything else. He doesn't know your world.

Walk a mile in his shoes.

He doesn't know the world of Earwolf. He doesn't- he doesn't- it doesn't exist for him. For him- For him, it doesn't- he's in a parallel dimension? Is that what it is? He doesn't- It's- I mean, it's, uh, it's parallel, but only- I mean, there's- it's not an exact straight line.

There's some, uh, like, in order to get to it, you would have to take a handful of lefts and rights.

So it crosses over into our dimension. It's- it's like a windy parallelogram.

Yeah, it's a Mobius strip, if you will.

Right, yeah. Okay, great.

And even if you won't.

I don't know. I don't know where to take a stand on this.

Will I? Won't I?

We have a real will- will they or won't they kind of thing going on. I've always said that about- by the way, I'm going to introduce you in a second. We also have, uh, well, that's about it, because you're our only other guest here on the show, uh, and let me introduce you right now.

Um, you are a, um, I've always thought of you- sure, you're a stand-up comic, you're an actor, you're a writer, but I've always thought of you as a raconteur.

A bon vivant?

A bon vivant, exactly! Some other French word as well.

A raconteur.

Um, he has a new comedy special, and, uh, that's one of the things he does really well. It's called Oh Come On. It's on, uh, all sorts of platforms right now.

iTunes, Amazon, Google Play, even Xbox.

Even Xbox?

Can you believe he even said, go ahead and put me on Xbox?

I said Xbox, if you will.

And it's called Oh Come On, I don't know if I said that, but, uh, he's my old pal David Cross.

Welcome back to the show!

Thank you for having me, Scott Aukerman.

It is quite my pleasure. Always a good time to see David Cross. Anytime you, uh, cross over into our dimension, Los Angeles, uh, it's a wonderful time to see you.

That sounded like a perfect segue into something.

I know, didn't it? Otherwise- but it was just obsequious banter.

It was good.

Yeah, thank you. Uh, David, welcome, uh, it- it- of course we knew each other- well, we still know each other. I don't think we ever took a break from knowing each other.

No. Well, there was- I was in a self-induced coma for a while.

Oh, right. Why did- Just trying to- just losing weight. Wanna- wanna lose some weight.

It's a real- I mean, you know, just getting on that liquid diet, you- it's hard to stay on it if you're not in a coma.

Exactly. At that, uh, and I'm- I can admit my strengths and weaknesses.

Sure.

And one of my weaknesses, uh, I don't have the willpower to- to lose weight, but I do have the willpower to check out for half a year.

Right. That's all it took six months. You are emaciated, by the way, I wanna tell you.

Yeah. Well, I- I mean, I- somebody was supposed to get me out of there. I'm not gonna mention any names. Amber Tamblyn, uh, was supposed to get me out of there after a month, but- She was supposed to be your coma whisperer?

You know, literally unplugged and, you know, put the juices in.

You want her to unplug you?

Well, you're unplugged from the coma machine.

Oh, I- oh, it's a coma machine that you have to turn off and- Templeton, uh, uh, what's her face? The autistic woman.

Oh, yeah, uh, uh, uh- Grandy.

Grandy.

Is that her name?

Grander? Grandy?

Tenpole- Templeton Grandy.

Templeton Brandy.

You- it sounds like a- it sounds like a fictional children's book character.

You had some Templeton Brandy in the liquid diet occasionally, just on Sundays?

That was intravenously put in.

Yeah, of course. Well, you look, uh, really, really sick.

So, uh, welcome back to the world of the waking.

The li- yes, thank you, thank you.

Yeah.

But I, you know, look, I dropped, uh, I dropped over four pounds.

Yeah, I mean, you looked terrible before. You were so skinny.

Oh, God, yeah.

So I don't know why that you need to drop- And unattractive, unappealing.

Oh, yeah.

Yeah.

Just a horrible, horrible husk and shell of a man that I cannot imagine touching in a sexual way- No, no.

Nor a loving way.

No, spiritually, not physically so much, but spiritually, just a- Just a- Nothing there.

Dead.

Yeah.

You know. No soul.

I've always thought of, uh, of you as, like, if we were to, uh, open you up, your aura would be just missing.

Yeah.

Yeah. Anyway, welcome to the show.

Just le- like, yeah, decaying leaves and- Right, yeah. Just, like, grass and sticks.

Uh, dead. Dead grass.

Dead grass, yeah.

Not even sticks.

Yeah.

Not even- no sticks.

No sticks at all.

No sticks!

God.

Is that how you lived your, uh, life in the 80s? No sticks?

Do you ever- Yeah, that was my nickname. No s- no s- What kind of music did you like in the 80s? Because I know- I know you, uh, uh, we would talk about in the 90s, you know, uh, you're a big fan of Superchunk and Yolotango. I remember you had them play at our rap party.

Uh, Mr. Show, we- well, getting back to how we know each other, we worked on the, uh, television show Mr. Show together.

The old Mr. Show.

The old Mr. Show. And did that, uh, did that movie that I think came out or didn't come out.

It's- yeah, well, actually, uh, remember it was a- it was a- it was like an- it never came out on its own. It was part of the, um- Like a DVD box set?

Real world. Um, not real world. What was the- yeah, it was.

It was, um- There was like a real world movie, right?

Yes, like Justin Grenier or whatever his name is. The kid with the curly hair.

Oh, oh, uh, American Idol is what you're talking about.

Oh, maybe- Kelly Clarkson and From Kelly to Justin or something was- was a movie.

I don't know what we're talking about right now.

It's- Run Ronnie Run came out as like a- Part of a- A twofer.

A twofer and a DVD.

Yeah, I thought- so yeah, my- I think it was that.

With Kelly from Love.

Kelly- Kelly loves Justin or something.

Kelly loves Justin, that's what it was.

And- And so if you're a fan of those two, you're gonna love- You're gonna love- Hearing David Cross.

Being confused.

I was gonna say David Cross curse and I got very confused.

Like, your name could be David Curse.

Yeah, in the South it is.

Is it really?

David Gus.

When you think about it, all of our names are based on what our ancestors did.

Were your ancestors just angry all the time? Or were they crosswalk guards or- No, they were crucified.

They were? Oh, that's right.

They got very famous.

Jesus, the original Jew.

Yeah, so my lineage dates- you can track it all the way to Jesus.

Really? So when- is Jesus like your grandfather, great-grandfather?

Where is he?

It's great, great- I want to say great, great, great-grandfather?

I never knew that he had- Maybe there's another great- I never knew he had kids, but- Tons. Tons.

Oh, really? He was just getting out there.

Yeah, well he, you know, he masturbated constantly and- Were they just picking it up off the ground and just scooping it- Well, sometimes it didn't even get to the ground.

Right.

It was just like- They're just holding- Yeah, yeah.

Holding vaginas out underneath him?

Well, I mean, that's a bit crass. You know, they would- David Crass.

Nobody was, nobody was holding out vaginas.

Sure.

The women would- Spread- Spread those, yeah.

Look, we're getting very medical right now, but they would spread their vulva lips?

You could say vagina.

You can't say vagina. Okay. That's okay, saying vagina?

I'm- I was taking umbrage at the idea of people holding- Holding actual- Other people's vaginas.

I'm not talking about a man holding a vagina, you know?

I mean, sure it was a different time.

I'm talking about holding the butt cheeks up so that the vagina can be under.

I see. I see now, Scott.

Thank you. So really, he had- how many, I mean, this- how many children? This is incredible.

So a lot of people must be his descendants.

Yeah, I mean, most are, really.

Really?

Muhammad, oddly enough.

And he got this all in, in between the first time he died and the- I guess he didn't die the second time, he just floated away.

Yeah, uh, three days in Lazarus' tomb.

Really?

Um, yeah.

He- that was all he was doing in there?

Yeah. And that's why there was such a long line to get in.

Hahahaha.

You know?

This is incredible! I guess I haven't read the Bible in, in six months or so. I don't remember this.

Yeah, it's in there. It's- I think it's in between Ruth and Judges, I believe.

Oh, okay.

Yeah, there's a missing- there's a missing thing.

And that's in the Old Testament. That's why it's so weird.

It's just so- it's almost like Pulp Fiction told out of order.

It's an Easter egg. It's the ultimate Easter egg.

The original Easter egg! Wow. And it's all about, literally, Easter. Wow.

Yep.

Crazy! That is so insane.

Pretty cool.

So, uh, we used to know each other back in Mr. Show Days, and we put out that movie- which, by the way, I don't know if I ever told you, I saw it on KCOP, which is the local Channel 13 station.

Get out of here. Really?

I saw- one day I turned on the TV on a Sunday afternoon.

Mhm.

I believe it was on between 3 and 5 PM, and it was the version that we did for TV, which was you replacing all of your David curse words- I don't remember doing that.

With- yeah, I remember the looping session where- where we had to come up with alternate things instead of the curses that are in that.

Were they funny? Were they intentionally- You intentionally made all of yours ridiculous, so if you were ever watching the cleaned up version- Oh, wow! I don't remember that at all.

Yeah, so there would just be- it would just be gibberish at certain times, and I'm watching it on local TV, and it's just like- at certain times it was just like, Mickey, Vicky, Blicky Blicky!

Well, that's how it should be.

Yeah. So, uh- Was it as bad as I remember?

Yeah, it's a terrible movie.

Maybe two redeeming minutes, as I recall.

How do you feel when, um, people say to you positive things about Run, Ronny, Run?

I always don't know what to say.

I've- it just happened recently.

I know! People come up to me and go, by the way, I really love Run, Ronny, Run, and I'm just, like, befuddled and baffled.

Yeah, I- I've learned to, um- because I think I spent a couple years just going like, um, well, sorry, you're apologizing for it, or in a jokey way- And bowing really low and backing out of a room.

And I just stopped doing that, and I don't- I just sort of- People like what they like, and you go, okay.

I know. And I think, you know, we know how good it could have been.

Right. So that's the problem.

When we were, like, sitting there going, well, if we had- could edit this, we could really make a cool thing.

And also, I guess if there was more time to let you guys just really let you guys off the chain.

You know what I mean?

Yeah.

I do sometimes look at that movie and I go, you have two of the greatest, like, comedic performers and improvisers in the world. Of course, I'm talking about myself and Bob.

Yeah.

And we're only doing, like, one or two takes of each scene, and they're exactly what the script is.

Well, we had to- We had to do it really fast.

We had to get to the next scene with the, uh- The crane shots?

Yeah, the dolly spinning wheel thing. Yeah, you know, we gotta save time for that.

Well, I hate to dredge up old terrible memories, but let's talk about the new wonderful memories, and that is your new special, Oh Come On.

And that is spelled O-H with a comma after O?

Yeah.

Yeah, great.

That was actually, uh, kind of went back and forth with people, like, should there be a comma? Should there not be? I'm not kidding. That was- We did that for Run, Running, Run. I don't know if you remember.

The comma discussion was very intense at certain points.

And we were pressured because the Oxford comma is a big debate now.

Big debate? Now, I remember that certain factions, I don't want to say who, thought it was Run, Runny, comma, run. And I was saying, that doesn't make any sense at all.

It's two commas or no commas.

Yes.

You're right.

Run, comma, Runny, comma, Run.

That makes sense.

Or just do Run, Runny, Run. No one cares about the commas.

Yeah.

And I forget where we landed on it, but- I don't think there is a comma.

I think no commas is where we ended up, because it's like- Which makes sense.

Why put commas in something? And that's what I wanted to talk to you about.

Oh, come on. It's like, I'm reading this title and I'm like- This is really eating at you.

While I'm reading the title, I'm like, oh boy, David's new special, here we go.

And then it's like, oh, and I got to pause?

Yeah.

Oh, just let me say, oh, come on.

Scott, can I tell you I put that in there for your own safety? All right?

You don't want me running through the title.

Absolutely not. All kinds of things can happen to your tongue in there.

Mm, thank you.

Okay. Your teeth hit together. All kinds of things. You're not paying attention.

That's true. And then suddenly I'm at the end of this title and I'm just like- And you're standing naked in the middle of a freeway.

Right.

I mean, that's there for your safety.

It's like a traffic light in a way. It's like a yellow light. Just saying, slow down, slow down. Don't get through this title so quickly. Like, why move on to the special?

Or it's like a, it's like a, like a gentle, you know, embrace from a hippie, like an older hippie.

Yeah, giving you a soft back rub, unwanted in a way.

Slow it down.

Slow down. We don't need to get to this special quite yet.

Just enjoy the title for a bit.

Enjoy it.

Well, it's a wonderful title.

Well, thank you.

And I'm so glad- And I'm a big fan of the Oxford comma. You can hate me as much as you want.

I do. And I do. Yeah.

I'm pro- And as much as I want is like all of it.

Sure. I'm pro Oxford comma.

Yeah. I've always said that about you. From the moment I saw you, I remember, I think I saw you first at maybe the comedy store or at the upfront theater out there in Santa Monica. I was just like, this guy, he's pro Oxford comma.

Well, it's on my epitaph. I mean, I have- You've already written your epitaph.

Oh yeah. I've got several of them and I've, I've purchased burial plots every time I go into a town like I did as, you know, I did it on the plane coming here.

Just in case you happen to die in the city, you want to be rushed right there.

And have it ready to go.

Yeah. These epitaphs that are ready to go, do you, do you know any of them? Like, are they specific to cities?

I'm pro Oxford comma.

Oxford comma, of course. What city is that in?

That's in Oxnard.

Oh, okay.

Not a city so much.

I think it is. I think Oxnard is a city.

Okay. I thought it was an incorporated township. Maybe. I don't know.

It could be.

Last time I was there. I don't know. Okay.

Anything in the Commonwealth of Virginia or?

Yes. I have Here Lies David Cross. His last wish was to be cremated.

Oh, and, but instead you're in a burial plot there.

Okay. So is that ironic humor or?

It's it's I like to category categorize it as the kind of humor that makes you go.

Hmm.

The sort of the Arsenio thing.

Yes.

Back in the day. And then CNC Music Factory co-opted it. I don't know if you remember.

Yeah. Yeah. No, I'm, I'm bitter.

Painfully aware.

They took our Arsenio's whole thing and he made nothing off of it.

So, oh, come on. It's a speck. How long are we talking with this thing?

You know what I mean? Like lengthwise.

I mean, I'm, I don't know exactly, but I would guess around an hour 20.

So somewhere in the realm of like 80 minutes would fit on one CD.

Because I believe you can get up to 79 minutes.

The CD is different than the, I have a CD coming out simultaneously. I do that every time.

Really?

Yeah. I always shoot the special halfway through the tour.

And then the CD is stuff from one of the very last shows.

Oh, really?

Changes.

Because the whole material changes and you get better at it in some cases or you get.

And I try to definitely some bits expand and as I.

Some contract.

I'm being serious now for the first time.

I'm being incredibly serious about this.

Right.

No. Well, you know, I try to keep my on-stage time to like an hour and a half tops.

Right. Because people have babysitters and they.

I don't give a shit about them. It's me. I got to take a dump.

Wait, that was a drum rim shot with a gun at the end.

Is that it was, I was dropping drums.

So I, oh, okay. So it's like clang.

That's how I do a rim shot is I pick them up and go.

Because you don't play drums. It's hard to play a rim shot.

I refuse.

Yeah. So just drop them on the ground.

Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.

And yeah. So, so.

So two totally different experiences.

Oh, I wouldn't, they're not totally different. I mean.

You're saying some of the same words.

Well, I'm doing some of the same bits, but I'm dropping bits as I.

Right. As new ones.

Are you gaining bits?

Yeah.

Yeah. Like if I'm in a place and something happens and it becomes a story and I it's in an anecdote and I tell it or I open with it or whatever, and that becomes part of the set.

I still try to keep everything, you know, including an encore at no more than an hour.

How do you do this? Do you have a countdown clock on stage?

Do you have a clock?

Yeah.

You do. Yeah.

And and do you ever find yourself? You're like, oh, shit, I only have three minutes to go.

And I have like a four minute story.

Constantly. Well, it's not that exact.

Like you start at literally at the 90 minute mark, people are like, hey, wait a minute. What's happening here? They all wake up.

Just get pitchforks and torches.

No, but there'll be whole. Yeah. I mean, there was a whole thing. If you saw the first, let's say, month and a half, two months of the set there.

And you know that I was there. I was following you on tour.

I should say it's there. When? When you saw every single show I did. Then, yeah, there's there's I don't know, 20 minutes of material that didn't make it into the special.

Yeah, easily.

Great. And then 20 new minutes or is or maybe 10 new minutes because the CD is 80 minutes.

By the time you get to the CD, it's probably I mean, maybe.

And there's the same there are bits that are the same, but they've expanded a little bit.

Right. You know, yeah. Maybe. I don't know. Yeah.

So we're talking like a 15 minute differential between these two.

I don't know. I have no idea. Could be a little bit more.

Can we ask the audience maybe to track this and to watch?

Absolutely. Yeah. And to really just like show us the differences between these bits.

We'll call them like tracks on your CD. Right. Or do you Prince love sexy and it's just one long continuous track.

No, they're part of the fun is coming up with dumb track titles.

Right. And are they are they do they refer to anything in the actual track?

Learned from twice I did track titles that have nothing to do with the material. And I learned not to do that.

Because people get confused, get very confused. And then when they say something to me like, yeah, it's from your bit Mexicans with diarrhea on an airplane. I'm like, I don't know.

I have no idea what you're talking about right now.

So, a great bit that has nothing to do with any of those. I mean, maybe Ana Mexicans on a plane with diaries and maybe Ana is in there.

Nevermind.

Oh boy. So David, oh, come on is out now. How much are we talking to? What do you rent or buy it or what or how does this even work? I don't know. Like, well, you can I think it's just like, you know, you can get it on the streaming things.

Sure. Do you think people should like is Xbox the prime place you want people to watch this?

You want them to like, you know, I love the idea of it. I love the idea of it.

It becoming the audio track of whatever game you're playing.

And some people I hear about this. People listen to podcasts while they're playing games, they turn down the audio or they just how much do you people need? That's crazy.

Well, I would do that sometimes. Like I would watch basketball games, but I would listen to music during it because it's like, yeah, you know, I don't want to hear the squeaking of the floor as much as I would love to. Yeah.

Yeah. You know, and also the annoying, you know, commentary and stuff. Yeah, exactly. But I wish they would put out a track that you could just like push a button on your television where it's like you just hear the squeaking sounds and the swishes. I love to hear the switches and a baby crying softly. Sure. Yeah.

If there's a baby, just the guy. Yeah. So just that track.

And then we just turn up the music and you hear that occasionally case. So you hear peanuts. I love it. And then swishes.

This is a real thing. I don't know if you remember this or heard of it, but this is going back. Like if I heard of it, I hope I remember it. True. Otherwise, how would I know if I'd heard of it?

You're right. A valid point. You have slipped into a reverie.

I'd forgotten what I was going to say.

Oh, I know. It was a long time. It was like 20 plus years ago, but they did an experimental, they did a baseball broadcast, I think on NBC. And without any play-by-play. Play-by-play, really?

Yeah. It was really interesting. It was weird. I would imagine it's like going to see a game in the stadium in a way where you just have to draw your own conclusions. It was kind of cool, really.

That's exactly what it was like. And you still heard the kind of ambient. The umpire maybe saying, strike. And you heard an ambient crowd and you heard the crack of the bat. The crack of the bat. The crack of the bat. Oh, I love it. The crack of the bat. There's no better time of the year than when suddenly you hear, oh, say, can you see? And then play ball. And then just right into the stands. Yeah, I love it. Big baseball fan. I know that about you. Can you do your bat hitting the ball noise again? Sure. Here we go. That's a bunt. Is that fungo? David, Oh Come On is the special. And you're one of America's great satirists. I'm considered one of the top 200 comics in the United States. Do you think you'll ever win the presidential? Oh, sure. Not Hawaii.

There's so many better comedians in Hawaii and Alaska. Do you think you'll ever win the Presidential Medal of Freedom for your humor? I've been assured of it. Really? Yeah. It's a part of buying my vote. So our current president bought your vote?

Yeah. You're a Trump guy. I had no idea. I'm not a Trump guy, but if I can get a presidential, quid pro quo. Yeah. I'm like, yeah, you can. He's thrown those things out. Yeah. Really?

Yeah. So eventually just at some point in the next couple of years, you're going to make Trump, you get a medal of freedom. I didn't know.

Yeah. I would have done it. Yeah. If I had known he was going to win anyway, just go ahead and vote for him and get that Presidential Medal of Freedom. Yeah.

So, you know, I'm, I don't know where I am in the queue, but yeah. Shame on me, I guess. Wow. Well, Oh Come On is out now and we need to get to our next guest if that's okay. And I hyped him a little bit before. This is exciting. You're a sports fan. Somewhat. Yeah. Somewhat. You know, I know you like baseball and football, but you know a little bit of basketball. We know the swishes of course, and the squeaking of the shoes. And he's a coach of that sport. So lots of questions I can think of. Coach of basketball. Of basketball.

Yeah, exactly. Please welcome Lewis Green. Howdy. Thank you so much for having me, Scott.

Howdy. Are you from the South? Yeah, I've traveled through there. I like to pick up.

You travel. You're not. Yeah. When I said you're from the South, you said yes.

I grew up in Northern Maine, but I have traveled through the South.

That is the tip of America's erect penis. Yeah. That's what we call it. That's on the license plate. The tip of America's erect penis? Some people call it Southern Canada, but on our license, if you come from the Northern 10% of Maine, all the license plates say the tip of America's erect penis. Just the tip. And David, you're from America's droopy dong out there in Florida. Yeah. No, no, Georgia. Oh, you're from Georgia.

Yeah. I'm the pubic bone. Yeah.

Or the prostate, maybe. No, the prostate. No, the butthole is out here in Los Angeles. Because if you really look at the United States as a silhouette of a person standing to the side, you have the butthole in LA. So the prostate, I guess, is maybe Colorado? Yeah, somewhere in there.

Yeah, it would be, I would go with... Las Vegas? Actually, Colorado might be exactly where it is.

Yeah, it kind of looks like one in a way. Prostate of America. The prostate of America. Anyway, you're from, so you're from... Tip of Maine. The tip of Maine, but you've traveled through the South. And what I have, I like to pick up little colloquialisms.

I like to absorb and be open to the trends. And howdy is something that you had not read in books or anything? You just picked it up as you were going through? I had never heard the colloquialism boy howdy or just howdy. Boy howdy! So I noticed you hadn't said boy howdy. You said howdy originally. Sorry, I'm coming in hot.

Yeah, howdy, I'd never heard of that phrase. And I was in a diner in deep Tennessee.

Tennessee's the South? Tennessee's in the South, yeah. Deep Tennessee. Deep Tennessee.

Tennessee is kind of a flat state. Dead center. It's like a, it's the frying pan of America.

Yeah, deep, dead center. We're switching up our metaphors here. Yeah, I guess we are. So what is it on a body? It's kind of the... Maybe an upper lung? No, well it's... Bottom rib? Bottom rib?

Well, okay, if the penis is... We know where the penis is, we know where the butthole is.

Bottom rib. But the penis is the whole East Coast. It depends on where you are in the flaccidity of the penis. Yeah. When America's erect, Tennessee is a bladder? I guess, or maybe the... When America's erect, Florida is the ball sack, and when it's drooping down, Mexico is the ball sack? I don't really know. Oh, you know what? Florida would be the... What do you call it when you have a tail? Vestigious tail? Yeah, vestigious tail.

Okay, I guess that's if like America turns around and that's the face turns to the other side. Yeah.

Okay, yeah. Also, it doesn't have to be vestigial. It could be an enhancement, you know, like people are getting body modification all the time. So yeah. I'd love a tail. Yeah. Why are you here? Yes. I've come here and I'm taking advantage of the show's open door policy to ask for work, and I apologize for taking advantage of the audience. I'm an out of work high school basketball coach. Oh, you're out of work? Out of work. Oh, okay. I'm currently between jobs. Did your high school close or were you no longer employed? I was fired dishonorably. I like your optimism that there's going to be another job.

Thank you so much. You're in between jobs. Oh, I appreciate that. I take that as a... Even in this field, can do spirit. I take that as a non-passive compliment. So you were fired dishonorably. What does that mean? You were... Scandal. Your conduct was dishonorable? Yes. Or the way they fired you?

Both. Both. I acted dishonorably and then also the manner in which they dismissed me was also dishonorable. Although there's no penalty for that. How does this work? So what was your conduct, if we can just start there? Let me just... In my defense, I would never hurt a child.

Okay. That's a bad start. It's not going to get worse than that. This is going to be all right.

Everybody take... Okay. Everyone's all right. We're not going to be... Trigger warning only in your worries. I'm not going to... Your conduct was...

Never have hurt a child and never would.

Never would. In any way. Okay. But I do care about winning.

Okay. If I'm guilty of anything as a coach, I care about winning. Okay. And I'll admit to that crime. Okay. That's not a crime. I care a lot about winning and when it's on the line, my passions run deep. Sure. Not a crime. Still not a crime, but we could get to the crime. What I do sometimes to motivate my players is I make them sing karaoke. To be vulnerable, to be open, to do something they're not comfortable with. Okay. To push them out of their comfort zone. And I pushed them hard.

To the singing? To the singing. Okay.

And I made a boy sing Bohemian Rhapsody. Oh, that's a hard song. He wasn't ready.

And he was bad at it and I humiliated him. And for that...

You humiliated him after he was bad at it?

I brought him to the pep rally and made him do it in front of the school. After he was already bad at it? Yes. I said, you want to be a center on this basketball team and that's how you sing Bohemian Rhapsody? I brought him out in front of the school.

He had come from a pretty traumatized home life. Oh, I guess we don't have to get into the exact nature of it. It was bad. It was some bad. So, yeah. And I knew about it. And you knew what you knew about it? You knew every detail?

Sometimes I think... Were you in conversation with his parents about this or he had confided in you?

He had confided in me and the parents had separately confided in me. I was holding a lot of secrets. But I thought, sometimes I thought, sometimes a little tough love is what people need to wake them up. Sometimes tough love can be respectful.

Sure. Like, I trust you to handle this. David, with your upbringing, you had a combination of tough love and easy love, as I recall you talking to me about. Yeah, it was called Teasy Love. It was a...

Teasy Love can be the worst. I mean, it can be the hardest.

And that was a really good TLC song, as I recall. Teasy Love, yeah. Yeah, it's a seaside. Yeah.

Yeah. That's not included.

It's like... You had to turn over the record to the B-side and then turn it over again and it would somehow appear. Yeah, it was like a Jacob's Ladder thing and then the CD would click over.

Right. That's what CDs originally stood for, by the way, was C-sides and D-sides.

Yeah. Yeah. Exactly. So now, tough love with this child making him do something he's not adept at in front of the entire school. And I thought he would rise to the occasion.

And he did not. And he was terrible at it and ridiculed.

Ridiculed by...? It was a performing arts high school.

And they... Wait, wait, wait. You taught at a performing arts high school?

I taught basketball. And you thought making these kids sing would be outside of their comfort zone?

It sounds like basketball is outside of their comfort zone.

These were the only kids who couldn't sing. Okay. So these were the... Was that a requirement to be on the basketball team?

Were they getting scholarships to the school because they could play basketball, but they couldn't sing? Yeah. They were being brought in for their athletic ability.

Oh, because they wanted these trophies. Was that a requirement to...

To be able to sing? To...

No. David's lost in the... It's a complicated backstory.

It's very complicated. So you taught at a performing arts high school where they would give scholarships to children who were good at basketball in order to win trophies for the school.

That's right. And these were the only people, the only students who didn't sing.

That's right. And I said, that's baloney. You're singing.

You're singing. And these students who are adept at singing and quite good and almost wanna be professionals at it, they took that opportunity then to make fun of the basketball players. I mean, this is a... They were ruthless. Those kids were creative in their barbs.

I'm sort of on these kids' side. I mean, growing up as someone who was ridiculed for not being good at sports. Yeah. It's a big flipperoo is what we call it, a technical term.

Yeah. I was so glad you said it. I was about to say it because...

It's a flipperoo. Yeah. The big flipperoo.

I felt that they were coming from a bad place, but I did think that this kid needed some tough love.

Right. So I thought it would be to a good end.

Were you also making fun of him after it happened?

Yes. During.

During? What are the kind of things you were shouting at him?

You call that singing? You wimp?

You wimp. That's not incredibly hard.

This kid took it hard.

He took just being called a wimp.

You call someone who's been athletically adept his whole life a wimp. He's not ready for it.

Wow. Yeah. I guess he never heard it.

I'm sure he'd heard the term.

How did he react to a... I mean, no offense, but a frail, weak, kind of middle-aged, don't be kind of guy.

Yeah, not kind of. Those are accurate terms.

I mean, I usually don't like to talk about a guest's appearance, but since it's come up and you're throwing the first stones, I don't even think you could throw a stone. Your arms are like the sticks that we were talking about earlier. My arms are weak.

But how did this athletic kid...

I'm not a physically dominating presence.

Yeah.

How did he react to that?

I would say the... What I registered on his face was surprise and then confusion.

Right. He went through Dabda, the stages of grief.

Yeah.

First denial.

Yeah, and then...

Then anger.

Oh, right. And then...

Betrayal?

Then betrayal.

No, no bargaining, bargaining. Did he try to bargain with you?

Yeah, he did. He said, which did make sense.

Please take it back.

Well, he's just like, have this notebook, which that's what he was going through.

He was trying to barter instead of a barter.

Did he sing it or did he say it? Did he stop singing to say that?

He was in a high... He was locked into a high falsetto.

In Bohemian Rhapsody.

And he said, please take this notebook, sang it.

Please take this notebook. And I was like, what is that?

Right.

And I'm flailing my little arms.

Right. And then he went to the next D, which would be...

What's after bartering and bargaining? It's...

What's the acronym?

We've got Dabda. We've already done...

Dabda?

Yeah, denial.

Are you from the South?

That's not a colloquialism. You don't need to pick it up.

I can't remember what the second D is.

I might be saying Dabda.

Deceviousness.

Deceviousness. So we went through deceviousness where he was trying to hide his...

Yeah, he became crafty.

And then acceptance.

Yeah, then he was all right with it.

Wow.

But his parents weren't.

His parents were there. The same parents that put him through this terrible home life.

That's right.

Wow. They were making fun of him as well.

They were big theater people.

They're big theater... So they were so disappointed in their son.

Well, they finally got him into a performing arts high school.

You know, that had been their dream.

Right. Wow. And I mean, I know I grew up a disappointment to my parents for being in performing arts school. This is the biggest of flipperoos that I can think of.

Yeah. It's a big flipperoo.

Yeah. Wow. So...

So I was fired.

Just for that.

That's right.

Because so far you've said nothing against the law.

There's no...

There's no crimes.

They would not be able to prosecute a crime under the current system.

The current laws.

Yeah. If new laws get passed that are very specific...

Some of these new rules I've heard about.

I could be in trouble. Sure.

I could see why you'd be fired though. It's the school's prerogative.

Sure. Yeah. Any sort of conduct. I mean, no shirts, you know, no shoes, no service, as far as I'm concerned when it comes to schools.

The principal called me exhausting. The principal said that I was a complicated man and too much to deal with.

Too much to deal with.

And that I brought too much exposition to the high school.

And he was upset with me.

Too much exposition? Wow.

That was the term he used. I think he was a writing background.

Oh, you're...

He saw most things in an essay content.

He saw everything in screenplay structure. When he fired you, did he say, this is your second act of the moment?

We open on, we open, yeah. He said, this is your belly of the whale.

Wait, was your principal Sid Fields?

Yeah.

Whoa!

Before he fired me, he made me buy and read that goddamn book.

No!

And it took me forever. I had another season of coaching, because I took forever to get through Sid's book.

Right.

And I liked parts of it. I'm not saying it wasn't totally helpful.

Right.

Boy, was it a slaw.

Did you do that like, three or four day intensive like, I had to go to a seminar.

Book-esque type of thing.

This was before he fired me. I had to go to like, So he kept you on the hook saying, He kept me on the hook. Finish this book, go to this seminar.

I finished a couple of screenplays, which are okay.

What are they about?

One of them is about a man who becomes the Empire State Building, which is, I thought was a great arc.

I guess Transformers is stupid in the same way.

Just like robots who become cars.

Whoa, whoa, whoa.

Sit down! Sit down!

My arms are flailing like crazy.

I want to go back to this idea.

So he becomes the Empire State Building.

So the Empire State Building is a section?

It didn't exist previous to this?

It did exist in a period where there's no Empire State Building.

New York has no skyscrapers.

Alternate history.

Yeah.

No skyscrapers.

Why would it have no skyscrapers?

Like, what's the limit?

No one had conceived of it.

It was like, no one thought they could build that high.

People used to think you couldn't go faster than Mach 1.

Right.

Or the plane would disintegrate.

So in this world, are there- Fifth floor was seen as something, there was no building in America taller than five.

It'll just topple over.

Yeah, architects were too scared to try it.

Frank Lloyd Wright, in my movie, is a complete coward.

Oh, he's yellow.

Yes.

Yellow.

Are there still like 10 million people in New York?

Yeah, the city takes up much more space.

Wow.

How does the person become the Empire State Building?

He's an architect.

Okay.

That doesn't explain it.

Well, he wants to defy the rules.

He thinks he can do it.

Does he get bit by a radioactive Empire State Building?

Something very similar.

He goes into space and is showered by cosmic Empire State Buildings.

Oh, okay.

That's a small flipperoo.

Yeah, yeah.

So then he goes back down to Earth, lands in the place where the- Does he land on the fifth floor of what would have been the Empire- So is the Empire State Building- He lands in- Actually five floors- Five floors.

There is a building there that is five stories high.

Right.

Yeah.

So in this alternate world, the Empire State Building is five stories taller.

So that is a completely different alternate world.

That's completely different.

Yeah.

And does Sleepless in Seattle still, do they meet there at the end?

Yep, they come there and they just kind of climb, they go up a couple flights, and they just sort of shake hands and- They go up, when you say go up a couple of flights, what do you mean?

They go to like the third floor of the Empire State Building.

Oh, this is before the man becomes- In my movie, the first act contains the movie Sleepless in Seattle.

On Pass Forward?

An abbreviated version.

Oh, okay.

A montage.

The Cliffs Notes version of Sleepless in Seattle.

Yeah, just let's go through the quick beats of it.

And do you hope to land Tom Hanks in this movie?

I mean, in the screenplay I said Tom Hanks.

Non-negotiable.

Because when you were- Sid told me that I could be aspirational in my casting to help work out the story.

Right, right.

That's one of his big rules.

Yeah.

Well, so, and then what's the other screenplay?

The other screenplay- You said you completed two.

Yeah, I did for some reason.

I don't know why I said I did two.

So, one of them, A Man Becomes the Empire State Building.

The other one is about a garbage man who falls in love with- With garbage?

With garbage.

Whoa!

And he does, and it's a workplace romance.

They say don't shit where you eat, but- It's forbidden.

The garbage man union tells him first day that you can't do it.

Wow, so does he enter into a sexual relationship with this garbage?

It's a hot movie.

It's very erotic.

Is there like a West Side Story type element, Romeo and Juliet?

Yeah, Star-Crossed Lovers.

The love is true.

What piece of garbage is it?

Do you remember?

I mean, of course you remember.

Of course I remember.

I spent a long time writing the screenplay and I worked it out.

It is a crushed Heinz pickles can.

A can of Heinz pickles.

A can of pickles, right?

But crushed so flat?

Like, just dented on the side.

Oh, as if a strong man had to demonstrate his strength.

Not you, certainly, because you're very weak.

It's also an alternate reality where pickles come in cans.

That's established.

Oh, wow.

So does it start at the Heinz pickle factory?

It begins on the Heinz- Assembly line?

The Heinz assembly line and the decision to not put pickles in jars, but can them.

Oh, interesting.

Because what's the reasoning?

People don't want to look at the pickles?

No, corruption.

Oh, some grift.

Yeah, so the canning industry throws some money towards the Heinz to get in there.

To establish their dominance.

This sounds incredible.

I would love to see- This said too much.

He thought that particular part of it was too much?

That was his only note of both screenplays.

Anyway, I write two screenplays.

I read his whole book.

I go to the seminar.

It's three days.

I liked part of it, but I was like, does it have to be three days?

I think he could have summed it up a little bit more.

I'm not saying the guy's not good, but it just felt like a lot.

Which three days is it, by the way?

Is it like an entire weekend, Friday, Saturday, Sunday, or does he space them out?

When I did it, it was a Tuesday, and then two weeks later a Thursday, and then the next Friday immediately after that.

I think he had a weird scheduling.

Oh, I see.

Yeah, that's inconvenient for you.

It was hard to remember the first day, two weeks later.

Wow.

Anyway, then he fired me.

Right, then he fired you.

Which is dishonorable to take such a long time.

I see.

Wow.

It's as right as the principle to fire me.

But to string you along like that.

That's right.

You think it's just horrible.

It's just trying to get that extra money.

And I paid for all that stuff.

You did.

Were you still on salary?

Were you getting paid this entire time?

I was getting paid.

I coached for another couple years while I finished this.

Wow.

So it seems like, I mean, it seems like you came out ahead.

I could retroactively see that as severance that I got or something.

And you got a couple extra years in it.

Because he decided to fire me, and then it took a couple years while I did the work.

Yeah.

But I don't know.

I don't know.

I don't see it that way, because I was in the dark the whole time.

I think I'm doing great, and then I find out I've been...

What ended up with the kid and his family?

He did great.

What does he do now?

Is he...

He is...

Is he on The Voice or something?

Or...

He plays for the Timberwolves, doesn't he?

Oh, really?

Yes.

What's his name?

I don't follow the NBA because it's traumatic for me.

Oh, so how did you even get involved in basketball?

You're such a physically weak man.

I don't know.

You know, if you can't do, but you have a love for something, you actually...

Is your mind...

Can you calculate the...

Yes, I am a genius basketball player in my mind.

Oh, okay.

And, but my... I just... You know, a great mind for basketball and a body that can't do it.

What is the pick and roll?

I don't know. I've never heard of that.

Well, look, we need to take a break.

You're here. You're here. You want a job.

I've been looking for a job.

If anybody needs a high school basketball...

Well, I mean, that's as simple as that.

If you have a high school basketball position open, just give me a shot.

I'd love to come in and interview. That's all.

A guy who can't play basketball certainly never could.

Never could. Couldn't even demonstrate it.

Doesn't even know what a pick and roll is. Can't even demonstrate...

Or have heard of it.

Have heard of it. Really. So if you're... And is it performing arts high schools only or...

That's been my experience, but I'm open to other jobs.

Okay.

Yeah. So just, yeah, keep it in mind. Just get in touch with, I guess, you, Scott.

Oh, no, I don't want to take on this responsibility.

No, I think...

Well, whatever the way to do it is.

We could eliminate the middleman somehow.

Does Ben Schwartz do that? Who handles that for the show?

Yeah, no, I don't think it's any of us.

Do you have a way to contact you directly or...

No, I'm currently...

We could pass this off on David though, maybe. Like, David maybe has...

I would absolutely love to help you out.

Okay, so get in touch with David however you'd like, and then if you get any...

If you hear of any jobs, just let me know. I'm currently roaming the country.

Right.

Just bettering myself.

Oh, hang on. I got something right now on my phone.

Oh, wow. This is immediate. Wow.

Wow, that's weird.

Are you open to working for NASA?

Oh, interesting.

Huh.

For a basketball team for NASA.

Yeah, I could see that.

There would be different kind of challenges out there.

I guess the dribbling would be very hard because it would be very hard to like, you know, get it to go down to the floor.

It would be a different set of muscles required.

The dribbling would be reversed. The hard part would be sending it down.

Oh, I see. So you would be dribbling up.

That would be interesting to see a basketball game on a spaceship where you're dribbling against the ceiling.

And I can see that NASA needs to get people interested in the space race again, because frankly it's become quite boring.

Well, I mean, I think that it would be great for NASA to have a team out there in space because like we've exhausted all the places you can have teams here in the United States.

There's none left.

You know what I mean? I mean, what about a volcano?

Oh, that's right.

Oh, that's true. We could do a volcano.

Different teams in different volcanoes.

The volcano lavas.

Yeah, yeah.

Yeah. But I think space is a great thing, too. Like, would it be the space astronauts or the space asteroids?

I guess the first one could be the astronauts, just like how all the original baseball teams were all called the Giants.

Right. And the men.

Yeah. So you'd have to switch it up eventually, but I think the first team could be the astronauts, sure.

Okay. Yeah, this is great.

Yeah. I mean, let's have a meeting at least.

Well, sure. Were there any terms, David, in there? Or salary?

Let's scroll through here.

I'm not fussy about salary.

What is your MBI? I don't know what that is.

Oh, Muscle Body Index, I believe.

Wow, they want to know my muscle body index?

Yes.

That's rough.

Well, let's put that I'm open to trying to improve it.

Oh, okay.

Open to trying to...

But it is currently one.

One percent?

Yeah.

I'll put that in parentheses or something.

Just at the end.

Yeah. Hopefully they won't read all the way to the end of the title.

I'm not about to spin.

Number one.

Put a lot of commas in there, too, so they have to take a long time to read it.

Maybe they'll just give up.

I'll just do a long ellipsis.

Yeah, great.

I just hold my finger down and then...

There we go. Nice.

Wow, you're holding your finger down for a long time.

Thank you, David.

I mean...

That's a special skill of yours.

Appreciate it.

Yeah, I mean, it's not...

It hurts.

Yeah, hurts don't it?

Definitely.

Right now it hurts.

Yeah. Any other terms or...

I mean, are they offering any kind of salary or...

Could you relocate to Reno?

To Reno?

Interesting.

I didn't know NASA had any offices in Reno.

The second biggest gambling mecca...

Oh, I'm sorry.

I misread that.

It says, could you relocate with Reno?

I think they mean the performance artists from the 80s.

Oh, right.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Um, okay, I'll work with...

So they've already got Reno.

If Reno's on board...

Well, this is more my expertise.

A performing artist is...

Hang on, hang on.

I didn't...

There's more.

Yeah, it says...

Are they putting a lot of ellipses in there?

Yes.

It's a long...

Reno, the performing artist, the performance artist from the 80s, is not who we're thinking of.

Oh, maybe just somebody else.

I guess it's a different...

Maybe they're thinking of Remo Williams from the...

The Adventure Begins?

Yeah.

Keep scrolling.

Yes, we are thinking of Remo Williams.

Oh, the fictional Indiana Jones ripoff character.

Right, yeah.

Who played that again?

Ace Ventura.

Oh, right!

The fictional character is Remo Williams.

Yeah, the adventure begins.

In Fort Fairlane.

Well, look, I think this is a great...

It's worth a meeting.

A great opportunity, definitely.

You may have to go to the event.

This is a nice, heartwarming story.

This is a success story.

Yeah.

I mean, you may have to relocate to Cape Canaveral or space itself, the moon.

I'm open to it.

I'd love to learn some new sayings.

Yeah.

Well, look, we do need to take that break.

Of course.

When we come back, we'll have, of course, just more with David Cross and more with Lewis Green and probably no one else.

Yeah.

I can't imagine any other...

This is a full show already.

Yeah.

I listen to this show every episode and it's rare that it goes on more than this.

Right.

So we'll be right back with more Comedy Bang Bang after this.

Comedy Bang Bang, we are back here.

David Cross, his special...

Oh, come on.

Yeah.

I mean...

Is here.

Hot dogs!

Bring a ding ding!

Get your hot dogs!

What's going on?

Sorry, this is a soundproof studio, ma'am.

Please, you can exit back the way you came.

What's that?

Oh, no, I got hot dogs.

I heard there's sports guys in here.

Hot dogs, hot dogs!

You know there's sports guys in here?

Yeah, I could tell you guys were talking about sports.

I heard you from down this down the block came in with my hot dog caught.

Well, uh, anybody want a brat, a dog, a wiener?

How did you get that up the stairs?

Yeah, that is incredible.

That's a giant cart.

How'd you...

Listen, I don't want to get into it, but I did have some time when I was in prison to work out, so my biceps are very strong.

Wow, you brought up prison so early.

Quickly, it almost makes me want to ask you why you were in prison.

If that...

But first of all, let's start off.

What is your name, ma'am?

Oh, hello.

I'm Dina Dennis.

Oh, hello, Dina.

This is David Cross.

Hello.

Oh, hello, David.

Would you like a hot dog?

I'm not doing prostitution anymore.

Okay.

I think we have our answer as to why she was in jail.

I don't know yet.

Can I have a prison dog?

You can have a prison dog, but you have to come get it with me.

Is a prison dog something that like they're they're boiled in toilet water?

What exactly is it?

It's uh, but it it...

Does it have special toppings?

It's sound...

Yes, it sounds like it's not going to be good, but it's actually really, really good.

Because a prison dog is also always about the ambiance.

Right.

Yeah.

Oh, another French word, just like bon vivant.

Oh, flan-or.

Oh, yeah.

Entree-vous.

Oh, merci beaucoup.

Hot dog?

Are you French?

No.

You're not French.

No, no.

You just speak...

But I think I could have been related to Marie Antoinette.

Oh, okay.

Do you pick up a lot of colloquialisms as you pass through French towns or like Paris, Texas or the Eiffel Tower out there in Las Vegas or...

Absolutely.

I mean, I come from New York City, actually.

I was going to say you have a very specific accent, but I wasn't going to say it was New York City.

No, I haven't been in New York for a long time.

I've been in prison, as I said.

And you were in prison for the aforementioned prostitution or...

You didn't want this to come in?

Oh, boy.

Sorry.

Listen, listen.

What I do is not a crime, okay?

So I sell hot dogs in a bra in a swimsuit.

I roll my titties around with the sausage.

That's how I...

That's the special thing.

They use their breasts to push...

They're dirty dogs.

Okay.

They're dirty dogs.

Dirty dogs.

Is that the name of your business?

That has a different meaning in New York.

If you get a hot dog in New York, a dirty dog, it's because of the water.

Mansplaining.

Telling me what a dirty dog is.

Please stop mansplaining.

I am a man, and I was explaining.

So put those two together into a portmanteau, and what do you get?

A portmanteau.

Well, that's female explaining.

Right.

Well, I mean, so I don't think that sex work should be criminalized necessarily, but is that...

Absolutely not.

Like I tell my kids, they're male strippers.

Men walk around all day with their nipples out.

Your kids are male strippers?

No, no, no.

They are male strippers.

I mean, hopefully for a day...

Oh, I thought you said they are.

They're allowed to do whatever they want.

You tell your kids of the existence of male strippers.

Yeah.

You know, they love them.

I thought you were saying that your kids were our male strippers.

Oh, yeah.

Like the world's male strippers.

I mean, yeah.

They're my precious baby angels.

How old are your children?

I've got a seven, I've got a nine, and I've got another seven.

Oh, okay.

I would have said maybe two sevens.

Are they twins or...

You know, they don't look much alike.

Did they come out at the same time?

Roughly the same time.

Roughly.

Similar.

Yeah.

Similar timing.

But you know...

When you say similar, are we...

What are we talking?

Nine months?

Either way?

Well, let me say, have you guys ever given birth?

I have not.

Right.

It's just...

No.

Can I say yes?

Yeah, go ahead.

I mean, it's a whole crazy story.

Yeah.

Please?

I mean, I never heard that about you, but I know that happened to you.

What exactly was it?

Well, we're talking poo, right?

Oh.

I mean, that happens.

No, that's...

I believe she's talking about a human being.

Well, in that case, I've given birth today.

So am I.

Yeah.

If that's what we're talking about, I gave birth right before we started this.

How long did it take you?

How long were you in labor?

It was pretty quick today.

It was like just a couple of minutes.

A couple of minutes.

I gave birth to two sevens.

Seven inches long?

Is that what you're talking about?

Or do you rate them?

I just go one to 100.

I do.

It's rating.

Yeah.

So you have two seven year olds and one nine year old.

That's right.

And they can be whatever they want to be.

If they want to be America's stripper, they can be that.

They can be that.

Like I tell them, you know, you know, men are allowed to walk around with their shirts off, women are not.

I'm allowed to...

It's unfair.

Just because there's a little more meaty tissue in the...

And sometimes not even that on a woman.

How did this happen?

I try to be more professional these days.

I think part of the problem, and I'm just going to like go off on a rant here.

I don't know if you remember when Dennis Miller used to do that, but if we can get the lights down.

Okay.

Whoa.

Hard to see.

The problem is, is that the reason why we can't let women...

Yeah, it's good, right?

It really highlights my face.

The reason women can't walk around with they titties out is mainly because it gives guys and certain guys certainly gives guys boners to look at them.

Yeah.

Okay.

Well, we don't want to be walking around with boners because...

Why not?

Well, what do you think I see?

Why not?

Bring the lights back up.

Bring the lights.

Why not?

Now bring the lights down.

Back down on David.

Oh, that looks nice.

Why not?

Okay.

Bring the lights up again.

And if we could bring them down on me.

Down on you.

Okay.

Thank you.

What do you think happens to me when I see men without their shirts on?

I get a little clone of popping out.

Really?

Okay.

Bring the lights up and just full wash on everyone now if we could.

Can we go to 80 actually just to soften it, not full wash?

Yeah.

Can I get a little blue?

Little red as well in there.

Sort of make it purple.

Yeah.

Oh, that's nice.

That's fair.

Hot dog.

So I would like a hot dog.

I would also like a hot dog.

Just pass them around here if you don't mind.

Absolutely.

I can't lift one, but if you can place one in front of me, I'll gnaw at it.

How are you able to eat by the way?

You can't lift up food to your face?

It's easy to get food that you don't have to carry.

Well, we got special dogs here.

We got a 15 inch hot dog that actually I think we could prop up.

Okay.

Slide it up into your mouth and then you could just move your neck down and kind of slam on down.

Sand warm it.

I would love to.

Sand warm it.

There you go.

You guys excited for the new Dune?

I mean, I guess I don't even know when it's coming out, but.

Hopefully tomorrow.

I don't think that it's coming out tomorrow, but that was.

I don't know who's in it.

Who's directing it.

I don't know anything about it, but very excited.

Oh wait, I do know who it is.

It's that.

It's probably a guy.

It's one of the guys.

Oh, the guy who did Arrival.

Okay. So I am excited for it.

Are you a big Dune fan?

I'm a huge Dune fan.

Yeah.

What do you like the spices?

I like the pretty blue eyes.

Of whom?

The eyes get blue.

Yeah.

When they're all hopped up on the spice.

I thought you were talking about a specific actor in the original.

Oh, well, what's his name?

The pretty boy.

Kyle.

Yeah.

His eyes get blue.

Like I'm sorry.

Could you say his name again?

Well, there's no almost.

Almost.

Yeah.

You put an F right after the cake.

A flock.

Like Frank L.

Herbert.

Yes.

Thank you, David.

I was hoping someone would say it.

You ever see the documentary Jodorowsky's Dune?

I have not.

No, what is it?

It's about Jodorowsky being trying to do Dune, the original Dune.

The original Dune.

By the way, the sound of these hot dogs being fried up, I guess, or boiling.

Fried up.

Dina, you were in prison for prostitution.

Oh, you had to bring it back up.

Well, you brought it up in the second sentence that you said.

I was going to say hot dog.

Thank you.

I was going to say I'm not doing that anymore.

I don't want jelly on it.

Why don't you?

You don't want a Bette Midler dog?

No.

What is the correlation between Bette Midler and jelly?

Is it because she likes jelly or she has a little jelly in her?

She's got a little extra something and you guys all know the thing.

You can't jam jelly.

Yeah, exactly.

Okay.

I'm sorry.

I've got to give you this back because I have.

What kind of dog do you want?

You want a celebrity dog?

You want a regular dog?

I mean, let me see the list.

Yeah.

Name any celebrity.

Buckminster Fuller.

All right.

You want one of those?

Okay, well, everybody has to get naked if you want one of those.

Gary Owens.

We have to get naked?

Can we bring the lights down to zero?

Doc Severinsen.

I'll have a Doc Severinsen, I guess.

Actually, can we not?

Because it's pretty dangerous for me to be cooking in the pitch black.

Yeah.

Especially with my kids.

Oh, okay.

Yeah.

Bring them up to 75 then and put the wash on.

Oh, that's nice.

Little blue.

Yeah.

Slightly bit of red over here.

I'll have a Warren Oats.

A Warren Oats.

The healthy dog for the healthy man.

Thank you.

Very good.

Slide it over.

The thing is, you know, I, yes, I was in prison and when I got out, I said, okay, I'm not going to be soliciting anymore.

So what I did is I walked across the country.

I picked up a few things.

You walked across the country?

To Pink's.

To LA Landmark, Pink's hot dogs.

My favorite place in the world.

You started in New York.

Did you?

And you didn't stick.

You didn't go to Chicago?

I did go to Chicago.

Should I have gone to Chicago?

Yeah.

They have some pretty good hot dogs.

Yeah.

Great hot dogs.

I'm well, New York is famous for their hot dogs and nothing else.

And I thought LA is pretty famous for their hot dogs too.

Have you ever heard of the Empire State building?

The, um, the, the tiny building?

Have you only looked up slightly?

Yeah.

Well, I'm always wearing a huge visor.

Okay.

That can't get in the way.

It blocks my eye line.

Right.

Did you, did you deal poker when you were in prison?

Is that part of the visor?

Reason of the visor.

Yeah.

Because I noticed you have like one of those arm garters as well.

Yeah.

It, well, actually that's on the underside.

So you lift my arm up and you can see that's actually where I keep the, my raw dogs.

Oh yeah.

But don't, don't even attempt to lift her arm up.

I know you won't be able to do it.

Louis.

Oh, Louis.

Sorry.

Yeah.

You okay?

I'm a wimp.

Do you want to take it?

You're the wimp.

That's why you were calling him the wimp.

Yeah.

Um, Oh, Bella Abzug looks good.

A Bella Abzug?

A Bella Abzug.

Oh, Bella Abzug.

What is this?

The Wizards of Waverly place dog.

Oh, those, the kids love those.

Yeah.

What is it though?

What comes on it?

Well, it's a magical dog, obviously.

Magical?

It's yeah, it's a magical dog.

Really?

It's got your, your basics.

It's got your, your mustard, your relish, your horseradish, but then on top of that, it's got some metallic glitter in it.

Oh, okay.

That's yeah.

That doesn't sound appetizing at all.

Basic.

Your basic?

Okay.

Again, mansplaining me what a hot dog is.

I'm not, I'm just okay.

Did you name all of these?

The nipple.

Did you name all of these hot dogs yourself or?

Well, that's the thing.

You know, I, I, I've been trying to perfect my hot dog game.

I walked across the country.

How did you get interested in hot dogs in the first place?

I mean, you, you walked over to.

Well, you didn't know anything about it until I questioned your solicitation.

Okay.

So when I was 19.

Chris Cooper.

Which one do you want, sir?

Um, I'm, I'm sorry.

I just can't make up my mind.

They all look so awful.

I'll cook them all up.

Okay.

All of them.

Really?

And then you could just have a, uh, like a flight, a hot dog flight.

Yeah.

That sounds good.

Yeah.

I'll have a Blake lively.

Uh, a stylish dog.

Thank you.

Yeah.

Is there a wine pairing or anything like that with the, I'm actually not allowed to have any alcohol because of that.

Can I get a Bernie Madoff?

Absolutely.

Um, how are you with a paper in your mouth though?

Oh, paper.

What kind of paper are we talking about?

The bunny made off is interesting because there's no dog at all.

And that's the trick.

Just crumpled up pieces.

Crumpled up pieces of paper.

It's a statement.

It's symbolic.

Wow.

This is, this is more like an art installation than, than an actual hot dog place.

So many ingredients here.

Yeah.

Well, I mean, again, I'm a strong woman.

I had to bring this car all the way across America.

I was picking up things from everywhere.

The cart, having no knowledge of hot dogs.

I started at 19 in a titty bar.

Oh, okay.

I mean, not yet, not yet, not yet, but, but there's like erect penises, which are, I see.

Is that how you got interested?

I'm already rolling around.

You know what?

Can I get, uh, the lead singer from the stone roses who died of a heroin overdose?

Oh, okay.

Scott Weiland.

I think you just call it Scott Weiland.

I think that's an alternate universe because I, as far as I know, Ian Brown is still alive.

The current.

Oh, I meant stone temple pilot.

Oh, the Scott Weiland.

I see.

What did I say?

Stone roses.

But that's right.

That's probably my fault.

That's probably my sign.

That's confusing.

Oh yeah.

Could you correct that because he was reading it verbatim.

Yeah, no, that's probably my fault.

Again, you know, I, I travel across the country, people telling me what to put on my hot dog.

So I, I, uh, I, sometimes I don't fact check.

And you don't want people to know about your past.

Is that no, please stop bringing up my past.

On your card, it says not a prostitute.

I'm not a prostitute.

But that puts the idea in somebody's mind.

It's like an inception into our minds that maybe she actually is a prostitute.

It makes you defensive and question it.

Right.

Listen, if a cop comes up to my car, can you speak up ma'am?

I, we, I'm just talking about illicit activity here.

If a cop would have come up to bring the lights down to 20.

Ooh, nice.

If a cop would have, can we get some music?

Yeah.

Can we get to just really anything?

Like, do you have a genre that you like?

I love house music.

House music.

Can we get some loud, loud house music to play while she's whispering?

And the lights are down.

Grab a cop.

Yeah.

Do we need to go?

There's security.

No, there's plenty of.

We're right across the street from a donut shop.

Yeah.

You know, so we.

Are you serious?

Yeah.

You guys just let me walk in here and their cops swam in the place?

Well, they're just walked in here.

You were, we didn't know you were here until you allow you.

You actually barged in.

You called to me.

You were talking about sports.

Guilty.

What does sports even have to do with this by the way?

I know that's where we started, but.

Selling hot dogs, like at a concession stand.

Dodgy dogs.

Oh, sure.

Oh, I see.

Okay.

All right.

Let's bring up that house music.

Can you go ahead and whisper?

Okay.

So you're talking louder.

Okay.

So if the cops in the place and they find out that I'm a prostitute, what are they going to, you know, there's a sign behind it.

The music, please bring that up.

A base up.

So yeah.

Yeah.

And it says so on the sign.

What are they going to do?

Book me?

No, they can't because I'm not a prostitute.

I have it in writing.

They can't put me in jail.

Okay.

We need to take a break.

When we come back, we're going to talk more to Dina Dennis, Dina, dirty dog Dennis.

Thank you, Scott.

As well as Louis Green and David Cross.

We'll be right back with more comedy bang bang after this.

Oh, don't touch that.

It's hot.

It's very hot.

Oh, yeah.

Comedy bang bang.

We're back.

Right.

David Cross has been saying, oh yeah.

Continuously.

Yeah.

We're back.

Several.

All right.

The song is over, David.

We, it faded out already.

Not for me.

It's not.

The Iowa sky.

Oh, once the house gets in your bones, you can't, you can't escape it.

We are back comedy bang bang.

We're back here.

David Cross is special.

Oh, come on is currently out on literally every variation of how to say it.

It's an acting exercise.

Basically.

We also have a Louis Green who, a basketball coach, any update on your NASA situation?

Have you been in contact with them?

Trying to schedule a meeting with them, but it's hard for me to type a lot at once.

So I have to take breaks.

Yeah.

Your arms.

I mean, we've talked about your spindly arms, but your fingers, I mean, those are like chicken bones.

The task.

Yeah.

I have a stick figures hands.

Right.

Yeah.

I need to draw as a stick figure because it's accurate.

You're almost like a game of hangman in a way.

Yeah.

That's you're about to lose, right?

You're on the, you're, you're not doing great.

Other than the fact that you are missing a foot.

I noticed.

That's right.

Yeah.

Louis, I have a question for you.

I mean, do you try working out?

Do you try to ameliorate your body?

What do you mean you work out like crazy?

Every day.

What do you do?

I hit the gym.

I go on that treadmill for like 10 minutes.

I go in the sauna for a while.

You're missing a foot.

Why would you go on the treadmill?

I just hop.

I hop like crazy and I just get the heart rate up.

It's important to get your heart rate up.

Yeah.

Head to that sauna.

Wait, wait, wait.

So how much, how long do you do on the treadmill?

Two minutes.

Three minutes.

And then you just go to the sauna?

And then how long in the sauna?

Cause maybe that's the problem.

Oh.

An hour and a half.

What are you doing in there?

I catch up on the news.

How?

Do you bring steamy?

I have a friend comes to the newspaper and he reads it.

He's a pile of them.

And he just, as one gets soaked, he goes on to the next.

And he reads it to you?

Yeah.

Because you're unable to pick it up.

Yeah.

You can't even lift paper.

Not a full newspaper.

I could maybe do the art section on a Monday.

Do you want to try rolling your own dog?

Oh, I would be honored.

So I, again, I don't even use my hands.

Yeah.

She uses her, I don't want to say this word, but you said titty.

So I can say titties, right?

Is that fine?

Yeah.

So she uses her titties to roll.

All right, let me try to titties are a food source.

Yeah, exactly.

It's fine.

So I mean, hot dogs and titties should go together.

Like hot dogs and milk.

Yes.

Thank you.

Can I get a Mary McConnell?

Absolutely.

That's just, is that Battlestar Galactica era or is it Dances with Wolves era?

You'd have to ask her.

Actually.

I know Mary personally.

Oh, you do.

I do.

From where?

I said, I didn't want to talk about prison again.

She was in prison?

Just a little bit, but we really hit it off.

What did she go to prison for?

I mean, I guess she did disappear after Dances with Wolves before Battlestar.

I didn't really see her in much.

Was that she was doing?

No, you don't ask people why they're in prison.

That seems like the first question you ask people in the movies, at least.

It's like, what are you waiting for?

If you're employing, you're potentially employing somebody and you're maybe eating some food that they're preparing for.

Right.

So did she do like a nickel in prison or what?

You know, what exactly?

She did a 10 full years after Dances with Wolves.

Little dime though.

Yeah.

A little down.

What do you mean?

You know, 10 years.

She, she blinked.

I went fast.

Oh, okay.

Yeah.

That can happen.

So, um, this hot dog is just in tribute to her then.

It is.

It's actually my most regular hot dog.

It's just a plain dog.

Just a plain dog.

Cause she's a simple sweet soul.

Any bun?

Yeah, it's a bun.

It's a regular white bun.

A regular white.

Oh, do you have different types of buns?

I don't.

I can't see all of your ingredients there.

Oh yeah.

I honestly didn't bring all of it in with me.

Why not?

Well, you have your giant cart here with you.

Yeah.

It seems that there's more.

Yeah.

They have another cart outside.

I mean, I'm looking at some of these ingredients, uh, you know, Nutella, uh, semi D 40.

I mean, some of these things don't even belong in a hot dog.

Yeah.

Well, that's your taste.

Yeah.

True.

Yeah.

Can I get a young Rebecca Gayheart?

Absolutely.

This is the pre automobile crash.

Yeah.

And do you want that with scrap in it?

I'm sorry.

What?

Scrap in it.

What is scrap?

Like metallic scrap in it.

Oh no, I didn't read that far.

The writing is very, very tiny on some of these things.

Well, I actually, I have an unlimited amount of budget for condiments, but no money for pens and whiteboards.

You know what?

So you should just get a Christy McAuliffe.

Christy.

I definitely know who that is at all.

Well, you're trying to say you didn't know who these people whose hot dogs are on your menu.

You didn't know who any of those people were?

I'm saying I definitely know who that is.

I'd like a Mark Lynn Baker.

Right.

That's definitely someone I know.

Okay.

I hope so.

He's the voice of reason on perfect strangers.

Oh, sure.

And I know that show for sure.

Sure.

You know the one with Balki, Bronson Pinchot.

You know what?

Just give me two Strom Thurmans.

You got it.

Okay.

Thank you.

Those are the thumbs of the pig.

Could I get, could I get eight Eli Whitney's?

Absolutely.

That one is all cotton.

I do know that one.

Oh yeah, you do.

So it seems like you were saying, you know, I think you put this together so you could get tested on.

Yeah.

Are you, did you just want to become like a history and pop culture major or?

Well, I mean, I have always dreamed of going on Jeopardy, but Alex Trebek is dying now.

Well, he's still doing the show.

Feel free to apply.

Well, but I only really know pop culture stuff.

Oh, so you think Alex, like teen Jeopardy, maybe.

Yeah, but I passed my prime because I was in prison.

Well, you could do, again, if I had not been arrested, I could have accomplished my dream of coming on teen Jeopardy, but I, Right.

Well, it seems like you started at a titty bar at 19.

You were hoping to just really catch the tail end of teen Jeopardy.

Yeah.

Really fast.

Yeah.

Right.

Yeah.

Well, you know, Joe Jonas.

I will give you that.

It's a side of, um, Sophie Turner.

Yes.

Great.

Yeah.

Wait.

So Sophie Turner is his side piece in this analogy or?

Well, you can order it both ways.

Yeah.

Okay.

Interesting.

You can get a Sophie Turner with a side of Jonas.

What is the Mookie Wilson?

The Mookie Wilson is just an upside down dog.

Oh, wait.

So you turn it upside down.

So the bun is on top of the dog is on the bottom.

You hold it.

Oh, that would be messy.

So it looks like a hot dog wearing like a nun's habit.

It's exactly what it looks like.

Or a hot dog in a tent.

Sure.

A pup tent.

Yeah.

Or a hot, you wouldn't see the hot dog would just be, That's true.

It could just look like a bun.

Yeah.

And a hot dog is a surprise.

Yeah.

Interesting.

Wow.

I mean, so why not bring your other card in here?

Where is it?

Is it by the donut shop?

I parked it in the red.

You, Oh, so it's a moving vehicle that one has to park.

Yeah.

Well, it's, it, it, it definitely has big wheels.

You know, again, I got big biceps.

I push one hand, one hand.

You're like the opposite of him.

Yeah.

Maybe, maybe, maybe, maybe, maybe Scott, these guys get together.

Have a child.

And it's normal.

Is that where you're going with this?

I mean, it makes sense.

That was not where I was going with it.

I was thinking, cause he needs a job.

Yeah.

He's weak.

He could push my car.

She doesn't know what she's talking about.

I'll push your car.

With any of her products.

You coach the basketball team.

Yes.

I think this could work out.

No, this is a great team.

I'll do all the manual labor.

Okay.

This is a very confusing.

I look great in a Jersey.

Do we have a love?

I love blowing whistles.

Do we have a love connection here?

Because if you want to go on another date, we'll pay for it.

I'd love to go on a work date where we discuss our skills.

I also would like to go on a working date.

Well, you know, if you guys get together, you can't be the boss because then there's a power differential between you.

And so a romantic connection would be impossible.

I think it doesn't work if it's women.

I think you gotta be co-equals at this.

I'll give him one of my push.

I'm tired of pushing around two things all day.

I think this could work for both of them.

They can both provide something the other needs.

If I'm paying you, I feel like that might trigger some old solicitation.

You're never going to be my boss.

Okay.

That's good.

Actually.

I'm an independent woman.

That's fine.

I mean, and you're okay with how physically disgusting he is.

What a word.

Absolutely.

Which one?

Absolutely.

Physically.

I'm disgusting in many ways.

Yeah.

Just let people decide how I'm disgusting.

Don't narrow it down to physically.

Okay.

I apologize.

What are eyes for?

They're eyes can be closed at any point.

Sure.

Yeah.

I mean, we can all close our eyes during sex and I prefer it.

Exactly.

You know, I bring the lights down to maybe 20 or 18.

With blind people.

Yeah, exactly.

That's beautiful.

But then they know about all your bumps.

Yeah, that's true.

They read them like braille.

Yeah.

Phronology.

You ever like when you're having sex with one of these blind people, do they like rub your butthole and suddenly know what you ate for dinner or something?

That's usually if they smell.

Take a take a with a little bit.

That makes more sense.

Then they're like, I dare to have a horse radish hot dogs earlier.

Right.

Of course.

By the way, you didn't eat your horse radish dog.

I know.

I just doesn't.

Nobody ate any of the hot dogs.

These are they're disgusting.

They're not good.

Yeah.

I don't know how.

How do you make a living at this?

Well, you guys still have to pay me for what I do.

All right.

I I guess we did ask for them.

Well, thank you, Scott, for picking this up.

Oh, thanks, Scott.

All right.

Yeah, thanks, Scott.

It's going to be $4.

$4.

We ordered 30 hot dogs.

Yeah, yeah.

Go.

Thank you, David.

It's on me, gents.

Did you wait?

Did you put a big ellipsis in between four and dollars?

Thank you, David.

Thank you, Scott.

Thank you.

Thank you, Scott.

$4.00.

Well, look, guys, we're running out of time here on the show.

Why?

I apologize, but look, we didn't know that Dina Dirty Dog Dennis would walk in here.

I was going to ask you so many more questions about the differences between your special, the CD version and the.

Sure.

You know, I mean, there's so it's just.

Untapped territory.

I'm afraid you'll have to find out for yourself.

I mean, I had a whole other wing on my back story.

I could just get into now.

How much time do we have left?

Why?

What else is it?

Maybe you can come back, but just give us a taste.

It's not worth it.

Just give us a teaser.

What does it matter?

I only like ragtag groups of people with special skills.

You'd be great in prison.

Oh, really?

You'd be great in prison.

Nice thing anybody's ever said to me.

You said earlier you wrote a couple of screenplays and I know a couple is is literally too.

But yeah.

But in a colloquialism, it could mean three or four.

I've got three or four.

Yeah.

Give us another screenplay.

I wrote was a man who has been told his whole life he could never jump.

Becomes this white man can't jump by the way.

Woody Harrelson.

It's a meta.

It's a meta text.

He becomes the actor, Woody Harrelson, and then gets to get cast.

That's cast in the third act.

Biggest flipper rule yet.

And that was the name of the screenplay?

The name of the screenplay is a man who's been told he can never jump becomes Woody Harrelson.

And then someone interjects and says, is this white man can't jump?

And yeah, it's very complicated.

Sometimes you want a salty title to sell these things.

Sure, of course.

How did Sid Fields feel about it?

He gave me extensive notes.

So this wasn't just a little much.

He thought that I had too many scenes that ended in plus and not minus.

I can't follow the guy's vocabulary.

I got a question about Sid Fields.

Should I make a dog for him?

Oh, definitely.

Is that the same man that's Thank You, Sid at Grauman's Chinese Theatre?

Because I hang out there all day.

That would be Sid Grauman, I believe.

The titular Sid.

That's right.

Okay.

Do you remember the store on Sunset that was across from the old coaching horses that was called Sid's Baby Furniture?

Yes, I do.

They eventually went out of business because they obviously named it.

It was a guy's name, Sid.

But then this is before Sid's was out of thing.

Yeah, Sid's Baby Furniture.

It was Sid's Baby Furniture.

Big letters, big letter.

And they came to him and said, look, just change the sign.

You don't have to shut down the business.

He's like, no, my name is Sid.

Now I'm opening up my SARS chicken.

Oh, man.

Well, look, we're coming to the end of the show, but we just have one last feature on the show and it's a little something called Plugs.

What is that?

This is Plugs.

Yes.

This is your kind of music.

Yes, it's Plugs.

Could we bring the lights to 50 for this?

Stop whispering, by the way.

We can't hear you, Dina.

I'm casting a spell on this man.

Oh, yeah.

You can't arrest me because this sign says no prostitution.

Wow.

It's still ringing out.

That was Zach Wilde Ultimate Plugs theme by Jacob Craner.

So I would have thought Zach Wilde would have been the artist because that's Zach Wilde was Ozzy Osbourne's guitarist, I believe.

Yeah.

Maybe they took a Zach Wilde riff or something and sang over it.

But that was pretty amazing and Dina, man, you were really alternatingly whispering and then you were flopping your titties out and rubbing them on dogs.

And it was just an incredible spectacle to behold.

People are going to get to see this, right?

No, no, none of this is filmed, unfortunately.

You want people to see this?

Well, I'm trying to make my millions.

Are you kidding?

Oh, well, I mean, you got to charge more than $4 hundred for these dogs if you want to make millions, you got to charge $4 millions.

$4 millions.

Maybe now that I'm in L.A., people will pay for anything.

Crazier things have happened.

Well, let's plug it up.

David, what do you like to plug here?

Obviously, your special.

Oh, come on.

Is out right now.

Yeah.

iTunes, Amazon, Google Play, Xbox.

And all the Comcast, Time Warner.

Sure.

And there's a 10 city theatrical release.

Really?

Is that true?

Which cities do we got?

I know New York, Boston, Philly.

What about Chicago?

They got those great dogs.

I don't know.

Oh, no.

I don't remember.

Detroit.

I know it's in Detroit.

Detroit Rock City.

And for some reason, Riverside.

Interesting.

Yeah.

OK.

All the college kids.

And anything else going on?

Or I know you had another season at Rest Dev.

Oh, yeah.

Yeah.

It's all right.

Uh, I am heading off to shoot a movie in a couple weeks.

That's why my beard is so crazy.

Oh, OK.

You look exactly the same as the last time I saw you.

So I wasn't.

Really?

No, this is.

I'm a good.

Is it a little bit extra?

I'm a good three, four weeks where I would get it trimmed up.

It's because it grows out this way.

You have beard pregnancy.

Keep it tight.

I'd love it to go down, but it just doesn't.

Yeah.

Speaking of going down with a beard, Amber must be very happy.

Oh, no.

He's mad.

He's leaving.

I think he offended his wife.

No, David.

His wife.

Come back.

No, he's committing so hard.

He's gone.

Wow.

He's.

Wow.

He left us with that cliffhanger of a movie he was about to shoot.

This is.

We'll never know.

We'll never know what this movie is.

This is.

It's called.

Oh, my God.

Divine.

Somehow in the room.

Where'd it come from?

They're coming from the vents or something.

Maybe that's how you are talking hot dog.

Oh, my God.

This hot dog is talking.

David turned into a hot dog.

So someone get him off the grill.

Off the grill.

Oh, God.

Yo, yo, Louis.

Use your hands.

Get them off the grill.

They're burning.

It's so weak.

Oh, my gosh.

Well, Lewis.

Yes, trying so hard to remember your name.

Do you have anything to plug?

I didn't say it a lot.

My I am a fan of a guy named Will Hines and he has a podcast called Screw It.

We're just going to talk about comics that he does with his brother.

And it's just these.

It's just really.

This is about stand up comics.

Yeah, it is.

It's it was supposed to be about stand up comics.

We always get distracted and talk about comic books.

So you might be confused.

But when you say we, you mean.

Me.

When I yeah, my friend and his brother.

Right.

And not we did I say we.

I don't know why you would say we were on fire.

So I was there.

Also, you might speak French as well.

We were speaking French earlier.

I pick up some colloquialisms.

Certainly, certainly.

Dina, Dirty Dog Dennis, what do you have to plug?

Oh, well, let's see.

I'm really excited about that new show, American Princess, that's coming out on Lifetime.

I don't know what this is.

What?

Oh, it's a new show.

It's called American Princess.

It's going to be out on June 2nd.

Oh, OK.

And it's about a woman who won runs away to the one fair.

So the Ren Faire.

Oh, OK.

Yeah.

What I say.

Well, you said Ren Faire.

Just I sometimes have to translate what you're saying because I got I am digging myself into a hole here.

The way you say things is occasionally creative.

Creative.

That's a great way to put it.

Scott, that was sweet of you.

Yes.

So she runs away from the one fair.

She runs away to the road fair.

So you said she runs away from the one fair.

She runs away to the one fair.

Oh, OK.

Great.

And she discovers a whole new life and look out for a character who's there at the one fair named Lady Picklesworth.

She's perpetually drunk and sounds fun.

It'll be really fun.

It's going to be on Lifetime.

OK.

And that's starting on June 2nd.

Starting on June 2nd.

All right.

I want to plug.

Let's see.

I'm doing a couple of shows out at Clusterfest out in San Francisco.

We're doing a live episode of this show with a great lineup.

And also we have a live.

Are you talking REM me with Adam Scott and I talking about REM.

And we have a great lineup for that as well.

So come on out.

That is at the end of June.

All right.

Let's close up the old plug bag.

Don't let any air in.

Close it up your heart by you open up the bag.

Open up the bag.

Close your heart.

Open up the bag.

Open up.

Close up your heart.

Close open up the bag.

Close open open open open open open open.

The bag.

And close your legs to married men.

Yeah.

Exactly.

Yeah.

Don't hold up those butts to.

Yeah.

When Jesus is around, don't hold up those butts because that's a call back to something that happened roughly three hours ago.

Definitely wasn't here.

And this David Cross hot dog is just writhing in agony down here on the table.

We got it off the grill and.

Cross bun.

Yeah.

Hot cross buns.

How are you feeling?

Set yourself free.

Is that because he's so close to death that he's saying that death is the ultimate release?

I can't quite.

Why is that by you Seth?

You Seth.

Seth, you Seth.

Tree.

Tree?

Tree.

Seth, you Seth tree?

Some guy named Seth, you Seth has a tree?

I got, yeah, it's so hard to translate.

Jet.

Jet?

Moustel.

Moustel?

Creed.

Creed?

Is he swearing?

I don't, yeah, I don't know whether we can.

Jet.

Moustel.

Does it relate to zero?

Moustel?

I'm really stretching.

I don't really know what's going on.

Spend your life.

Uh oh.

It's about to piss off.

Knee.

Spend your knee?

Spend your life on your knees?

I would rather die on my feet than live on my knees.

So I don't know.

Stat.

Stat?

My lifetime channel.

Spent my life trying to general?

Scream.

Scream?

I look, I don't think he's so close to death.

I think we should just put him out of his misery.

Does anyone have a gun?

I'll just eat him.

Oh, okay.

Well, someone's going to have to hold you.

Yeah, I'll just bow down and chow it up.

Finally.

This is the prophecy.

This hot dog is saying finally.

Finally.

This is the dune prophecy.

This one off the list.

Take this one off the bucket list.

Being eaten by a very weak spindly armed man.

No longer for sale on the menu.

Okay.

Oh, take this one off the, this is the David Cross hot dog.

It's actually going to be hard to make it every time.

Magically possessed by the spirit of David Cross.

That's not what it's going to be easy to come up with.

Yeah, but go ahead and uh, God, I'm still alive.

I didn't chow down.

Chow down.

I'm full.

Then I'm done.

I'm done.

I'll do it later.

You gotta eat the head.

Please.

That's where the brain is.

I'll get to it in a couple of weeks.

All right.

Well, that's going to do it for us.

Uh, David, uh, you know, goodbye to you.

Have a great time in heaven.

The rest of you will see you next time.

Thanks.

We'll see you next time.

Bye.
