♪ Comedy Bang Bang ♪ Oh, thank God Karen finally left the office. Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

Ah ha! Thank you to Supple Knupple 420. Oh yeah, that gives me a good reminder of what I need to do in approximately 40 minutes or so.

Oh yeah, welcome to the show Comedy Bang Bang for another week. My name is Scott Aukerman, your host, and coming up a little later on the show we have a lifestyle expert. Oh, that's very fun.

And we also have a musician of note who is going to be joining us a little later, but speaking of musicians of note, they have been on the show before. Our first guests are, it's safe to say, they are musicians.

Now I think I said this the last time they were on the show and I think it bears repeating.

They are not a joke band. Sometimes people listen to the show and they get a sense that some of our guests are having a laugh as Ricky Gervais would say, and doing something a little bit funny or a little bit left of center but these guys are a real band.

And they were on the show before they have a new album coming out very very soon I don't know what it's called but please welcome back to the show. We have Mike we have Jeff and we have Tim the sloppy boy.

Welcome back to the show.

You're going to be playing some songs throughout the show.

Oh yeah. Yeah. And, and, and how do you how do you feel when I say that to the to the listener just to really set the table that you guys are. This is real you have records out.

This is not like a parody thing this is not you you putting them on. No, we have registered our songs with ASCAP. Oh, so I don't know what could be more legitimizing than that.

People if they're still confused could check with ASCAP.

Yeah, get the album on ASCAP.com. You can just call their main office and the guy that answers the phone will help you out he'll play you the songs will explain if they're real, read the lyrics back to you.

Alright, let me just get this out of the file here. You guys have a record. First of all, you had one record that came out approximately I'm gonna say 365 days or so ago or was it even shorter. Yeah approximately helps that might have been because you got were we in this room when you recorded last.

Yeah, we were upstairs right okay. Yeah. So, and by the way, I think I mentioned on that show like oh hey give me a free copy of the record which I still have not received. Yeah, is that true. We're printing that one for you. You want on vinyl.

Now, all I want are MP3 is or whatever you have.

Is what is it okay if they're encrypted encrypted. Because that's what's been holding it up I have a pretty good encryption.

Okay, I'll get my best hacker on this. Okay. Now what's the new record called dancing on the wind, dancing on the wind is it wins or win win win just one wind singular dancing on the wind.

Wow. Okay, and now how we call the LPS by the way.

That's short for long player How long is this. This one's 40 minutes 40 minutes you got to 41.

Because the previous record was how long is that I think 20.

I would look at it on iTunes after you never sent me a copy I would look at it and I go, 9.99 and it looks to be 20 minutes. Yeah, you didn't like that.

Oh, this is coming. Look, I can afford 9.99 but I'm still fruit. You want 30 minutes.

So, if you put both of these together. That's respectable.

Yeah, it's weird with albums it's like you want your pizza to come to your house in less than 30 minutes, but you want your rock albums to be at least 30 minutes or more.

Well yeah because like your albums be around much so weird.

That's true. I want to put on a record while I'm waiting for the pizza and have a timeout.

Or exactly.

He's waiting. He or she is waiting outside for to deliver.

Now how do we describe this band I've described it to people. Japan droids if they were bad. Is that oh, I know the bad guy I think I take issue with Japan roads.

I love the Japan Japan rides so they're good. So you got one half of that. Are they current band I'm not familiar.

Yeah, they are a bit current now Mike you Mike Hanford.

Hello. Hello you you open for the comedy bang bang tour quite frequently on the road you did about three quarters or two thirds of the day.

You had a great time and you played some music then and so people are accustomed to hearing you play songs.

I had a little guitar I brought out. And it was fun and it was fun and is fun for me. Is this fun. This is a job.

The band the podcast I love the band is a job. Okay. Yeah, we keep track of our hours we clock in when we're playing and we clock out. It's all a really all on time cards really.

Is there any difference. Some people have heard the previous episode you want. We were on and some people are new to the podcast.

Just having joined us around the world for the big 10th anniversary. You you are friends.

Maybe and but you are certainly work friends and you know each other. You started off in a in a sketch group which people can still see on Netflix.

I imagine you would like that. Would I be wrong if they took it down.

We wanted it down. People were watching it and we couldn't walk down the street anymore.

So you just filed copyright claims. This show sucks.

That was a show called the birthday boys. Yeah, I'm laughing just thinking about that joke.

Some of those bits you were all over we smoking. I tell you.

You were all writers and performers on that show. Sure.

Sure.

And then you segued into music which some people would say is an odd choice for you guys seeming you know you have such success in the comedy and television.

It's a little boring after a while. Really. Yeah. For us the three of us.

We kind of did the reverse Carrie Brownstein move where we got out of the game got into the music.

She left a big space there. You have to wait too. You got to wait. It's like gym class subbing. We had to like wait.

Oh yeah. Carrie's going to switch so you guys. Was she covering her shift and brought you guys in.

Is that what. Yeah. Okay great. And it's you know look I love when people do comedy stuff it's really funny and it must be fun.

Ha ha ha ha. That's what I usually say. But to express yourself through comedy is a little limiting.

Well you know there really is only one reaction that you're looking for in comedy which is ha ha ha ha.

And with music it can be la la la la la la la la la.

It can be clapping you know people go woo or people go yeah.

Yeah. Yeah. We had a guy at a show the other day was bobbing his head.

Really. I saw a toe tap out there. Was he given a blowjob or was he. Yeah.

His head was down underneath one of the tables. Okay. So you guys are sexy music. Yeah. I should say also we saw a different guy who was going like oh yeah.

I was like Dan Eckerd in Ghostbusters. Yeah. But yeah just like that. But I was more focused on the head bobber. Was the head bobber a ghost.

Just like in Ghostbusters. Probably. But the weird thing about that blowjob in Ghostbusters is that's a dream right.

That didn't happen.

Yeah. Yeah. Which I think here's my opinion. It was filmed as an actual scene.

And then they were like this is too stupid. We love it. How do we justify it.

And we cannot cut this. No way we can cut this. We can just rearrange it. So the new record is coming out soon. Yeah.

Yeah. Early early June.

Just say it. Say the number. Just say the number. What day.

7. June 7. Lucky.

7. Lucky number 7. 6 7 19. So this is perfect summertime party music. Is that. Sure. You guys do party music is that essentially what you guys do.

Feel good. Fun time rock and roll. Yes. Also serious songs about serious subject matter. Oh I think that the last album you know the old listeners are familiar with that.

But since then you know we were a little bit innocent back then. A kind of new party rock band. Now we've been out on the road. Oh OK.

We've been road dogs. Nothing about the current climate of the political climate or anything like that. No. The weather climate.

So it rained one day and you guys were like it was windy and we said dancing on the wind. Everyone's talking about the climate.

But yeah we having traveled you know it kind of did a tour with Don't Stop or We'll Die. That's right. East Coast East Coast tour.

And that opens our horizon. We now we've been to Pennsylvania. Right. Yeah. We've been to Massachusetts.

Yeah.

Who would ever go before if you had no reason to. How could you. How. Yeah exactly. When you get on a plane you have to say you're the reason for going.

And people usually get on planes and say I got nothing. I'm going back home. All right. You got me. I couldn't think that fast.

You couldn't even make up visiting family and friends. Funeral.

Funeral. Did you have to say funeral every stop on the tour.

Yeah funeral please. It's like pretty happy for a funeral.

If you guys had a coffin on stage with you during the tour and like one of you rose from it and with a guitar.

Yeah. And then just started like jamming on it. I think that would be a great tour. I'd like all three of us clumsily climb out of a coffin.

You lost us with the jamming with a guitar because what notes do you want to hear. What licks should we play. That's where we kind of get a little bit tongue tied on stage.

OK. Yeah we got to drill down on the details. It's easy to come up with a coffin. Yeah. Maybe you were to say which scale like the pentatonic scale or the mixolydian. Do you want me to write your songs. Is that what you're trying to say.

He would love that. We don't want to do we need you to send them to ASCAP and then they'll let us know. Say you know us.

So you've been out on the road and a lot of these songs reflect that tour. Yeah that just remind me I left the van running to I got to show.

OK. You got to go. Not now. Oh OK. Maybe a little later. I just later you go out right in the middle of this. Oh yeah.

Well this is great. The new LP Dancing on the Wind comes out in a scant week and a half or so and people can get it anywhere that music is sold I would imagine.

Title. Title. What is title. What do you mean. Oh title.

Title title. Oh yeah.

You're just saying title title is I want to point out that the album has a title. Do you think the Jay-Z that's a big problem for them.

People saying title and they say title. Yeah. That's why they were losing so much money.

Everyone's like I went to title dot com and I don't know what to put in. Well then didn't Spotify just take all the rest of their songs back anyway.

Like title had Beyonce and Jay-Z stuff but then you just get them on Spotify. Sure. I don't know. I didn't read the same article you did I guess.

I didn't read an article. I'm out there living it. Can you forward that. I'm out there clicking the buttons. Clicking on the article.

Too damn long. TLDR. But so you guys are out there and doing. Are you going to do any shows coming up that people can see any more touring.

We got a show in San Diego on the July 21st. Is that around Comic Con time. Oh man is it. Oh shit. It's somewhere in there. I'll bring my cape.

I'll bring my comic book. You have one comic book at home.

Maybe I could get it signed by one of the creators. What comic book is it. It's an Archie.

Oh okay. Maybe the cast of Riverdale could sign it. That would be fucking great. I would send the price of this thing through the roof. The value. What's the price right now. What's the valuation on it.

I mean I just paid the you know on the covers 25 cents and that's what I paid when I came out. Right. So this is an old 1970s or so. Yeah. And I am banking on this thing to pay off. Otherwise we are fucked.

Losing money. No album three if this doesn't pan out. Well wonderful. So you guys have one show planned and an album coming out. Yeah. Welcome back to the show.

Well we didn't tell you about the summer scoop. Oh yeah.

Summer scoop. Yeah I don't know if you've ever been on Instagram stories but we got a lot of action going on ours.

Oh really.

We've got all the scoops you want to know if we have music videos coming out which we do. Filmed one the other day.

Sure. You filmed one the other day. Who directed this thing.

Randall Maxwell shout out to Randy. Oh Randy.

This guy's got a real good eye for filming. I'm holding my fingers up in a film. In a rectangle almost. Yeah. It's widescreen too. I feel like Hitchcock over here. That's like a one.

The old rope man himself. With a what man. Rope.

Oh yeah. Oh yeah. I call him the bird man. That's a Hitchcock deep cut. Yeah. That's like a one to three five ratio. Yeah. Wow. He wanted to do sixteen nine I said no one three five. Or else buddy. Really. And he wanted to shoot digitally we said celluloid only. Oh of course yeah.

The smell of celluloid I tell you it's overpowering sometimes. It's hard to watch the movie.

So Instagram stories you have scoops coming up about what you're up to. So you don't want to talk on this thing which is way more popular than your Instagram. Oh wait. You want to save it for your Instagram stories which as far as I know no one goes to.

The whole initiative. The whole thing is you can't scoop the scoop. You know we can't let you scoop the scoop. Can you imagine going into an ice cream store and saying hold up before you scoop that. Yeah I'm going to scoop it. You wouldn't do that. You just would not do that. Of course you wouldn't. No I tried at Baskin Robbins. They said get the hell out of here weirdo.

All right. Very good guys. Thank you so much for being here.

We need to get to our first guest I guess because you guys are more. While you're talking this guy I'm going to go turn off that van. Yeah turn off that van if you could.

Yeah. OK. All right. Come back for the songs if you would.

I got to go. OK. See ya. All right. Well he speaking of music he put out a few albums himself both solo and with a European rock band earlier in his career and he died for approximately four or five years back in the 80s.

He brought himself back to life just by wanting to do it.

Please welcome back to the show John Lennon. Hello Scott how you doing. It was four years exactly I was dead. Wait exactly exactly. What was the day you died. It was January.

So many days have passed you can't even remember. All I remember was that they preempted a little house on the prairie and I was very upset. And we had to break up Monday Night Football to talk about it. Right. Yeah. So it was a Monday in January 1980. Or maybe it was December.

It might have been December. Oh geez you'd never know.

Thank thank God for Wikipedia. So but the four days for rather four years exactly to the day of the day. So is your you it was like happy death day four years and you just decide right. And it could only be on the day. Oh I had no idea. I thought you knew that. No you never told me that part of it really. Really I didn't. So every three hundred and sixty five point two five days. Yeah it's a check in.

They who checks in with you kind of check in with yourself and you say do I want to get out of here.

Yeah I think I do you regain consciousness of some sort or down there. Yeah you're in the ground reading books and things. So you have consciousness the entire time. Right.

But on your death day you say do I. Is this something that is something I want to continue for another year. No not really. And what. Why did three go by and you were like. I was so tired. Oh OK. Just catching up on right. You know remember that movie I did help or running all over the streets. Oh sure. Damn that was tiring. You got winded from that.

The 1965 movie helps years before your death. God geez. Let me take one break. Let me take a three year break. We can rethink this. Tim you want to ask a question. I was going to say what about all the stuff you did after help. You didn't seem winded then. I was I was struggling. Oh OK.

What about that movie where you were a soldier that we keep referencing that I can't remember the title. Right. Well I was that was a lot of digging around in the trenches. Right.

Right. So that explains it. Explains that. So I wasn't too tired from that. OK. That's where I got my glasses.

And I guess like yellow submarine was animated so we can't tell really if you're all. I wasn't animating that so I wasn't too tired. Can we hear you panting on the records in between songs or. Yeah. Between. Well I tried to paint right on the beat. Oh. So you don't really hear it as well.

OK. Yeah that's a good music. I want people to like the music. Oh sure of course you wanted people like the Beatles records. Did you not the Beatles. I wanted that. Yeah right.

That's what one thing. One of the things I wanted. What were the other things you wanted. Just the music to sound like the Beatles.

Yeah just the music to sound good. OK. Not to hurt my fingers. OK. While you were playing or. Anytime. Extracurricular activities. That still goes for me. If I ever see you don't shake my hand too hard. OK. And you will see me. You're on every three months or so. If I see you if I see anyone. You just say you know look you can take selfies. Right. Take a selfie. Whatever you like. Talk to me. Tell me about your day. Tell me about the band you're in. I don't care. Please don't shake my hand that hard. Please don't shake my hand.

Don't tell Yoko. OK. Right. Those are your two rules.

My two big ones. If people have not heard John on the show before he's keeping the fact that he has come back to life a secret from Yoko. Your your once wife. At one time. I think we still are married as a matter of fact. Well I mean I think the death cancels all marriages. Do you still have to go in and say I want to divorce that. Yeah exactly. On the day of the day. That's the worst thing about your spouse dying is you have to go down to the courthouse. That day. That day. Get a divorce or else you are unfortunately.

Breaking the law. You're married to it. Right. Perhaps going to be a polygamist down the line. And you didn't want to be one of those certainly. Right. No I'm not me. Right.

So please don't tell Yoko that he's alive. Don't send her copies of this show. Yeah. Does she listen to this. Have you found out. I have never found out if Yoko is a listener or nor an avid listener. I have no idea. She's either not listening or she's hurt everyone. So what are you up to John. I mean just getting over a cold. Really. Yeah. What spending too much time walking around Central Park.

around Central Park at night with no jacket? Well, it started in Central Park. I was in the zoo down there. You know, one of the penguins was out. One of the penguins got loose? Right. Well, he wasn't causing a muck. He was just walking down the path.

I said, you're not supposed to be here. But I didn't want to, you know, bust him. I didn't want to tell on him, put him back in his cage, so I just followed him around. Wait, you didn't want to put him back in his cage because you thought he would get in trouble?

Well, right. Yeah, I didn't want to be, like, a guy who's, like, you know, scolding the pigeon.

Right, and the zookeeper. I mean, we've all seen the zookeeper movie. Yeah, of course. I mean, that guy. Not the whole thing, but I've seen so many. Sure, yeah. And so I followed him around and followed him right back.

He went back to his cage. It was very cold in there. Oh, okay, so he went back. You didn't want to put him back, but he decided to go. Right, he went in, and so then I'm in the cooler with him where they live. Oh, okay, you followed him back. I see.

And you couldn't get out, or you... Yeah, the door closed, and I'm in the freezer there with them.

Right. With all the penguins. They're all great. You would think that they wouldn't have... they would have a doorknob on the other side, and, you know, they would keep it unlocked. I mean, the penguins can't manipulate. Well, that's what I thought, but then I asked, well, why did they do this? And he said, well, how do you think I got out? Oh, okay. I have no fucking idea. Talking penguin? I think one of them could talk. I think you were hallucinating, John, with the freezing temperatures. Maybe. I was back on acid then. Oh, you wait.

A couple weeks ago. A week ago.

You decided to start taking acid? I want to try it out again. Okay, you haven't taken that since you were back in the Beatles. The psychedelic years. Oh my god. What a time. Wow. Everything was so colorful back then. Sure, yeah. But, and I want to see those colors again. Oh, okay. Plus, I heard the new LSD strains are pretty exciting. Oh, I don't know anything about them. What...

They're very exciting. Oh, okay. Right. And they're not as scary anymore. Oh, I didn't know that.

Okay, so LSD is a little more family friendly these days.

Take your whole family out. If you're listeners out there, if you're listening out there, it's a lot easier to take now. It's more cost effective too. Oh, really? So they brought cost down by... Do you want to get the whole family, five or six kids, down to Disney World? Cost a million bucks. Sure, yeah. Instead, just stay home and trip acid with your family. That's fun.

Is this something you want to promote on your show? Oh, I don't care. Doing drugs with the family.

So, you were on acid. You were walking in Central Park. You didn't have a jacket. You went into the penguin... Saw penguin. Saw...

Yeah, we don't need to break down every detail. I'm just trying to say this is why... This is why you're cold. Okay. Or why you had a cold. Why you fell ill. My throat's sore. Your throat is sore. Okay, I couldn't tell from the... I mean, you have a naturally nasally stuffed up voice.

I will take that as a compliment. Please do. The liver puddly and accent just kind of has that, like, back of the throat sort of... So, other than that, what have you been up to? I mean, started taking acid, got a cold. I talked to you very recently. On the 10th anniversary? Yeah, yeah, yeah. The Mets came back to me and they wanted to talk to me about joining the team.

Right. You had tried out just for the experience. Because they saw me playing in Central Park.

Everything happens in Central Park. But you're a Yankees fan, so you tried out just for the experience and turned them down. Right. So, they came back to you on their hands and knees. Right, because they said, our pitching sucks, our batting's in the outhouse.

Harsh words. Are you gonna play for the Yankees or you're just not gonna play for anyone? Well, no, because I didn't try out for them. The Yankees have no idea that he's around. But you would...

No, they do. I write them a letter to them. No baseball is better than playing for the Mets?

For me, just because I'm such a huge fan for the Yankees.

Go Yankees, go Yankees, go.

I mean, it's possible that you're not that great at baseball and that you, when playing for the Mets, would bring them down a little bit, make them lose a few games. That's true. That is true.

But I do think I would learn a lot. I would learn how to be better at baseball. And you're a pitcher?

Because last time we spoke, I think you were saying you were in the outshade. Well, I told you I'm not the belly itcher. Oh yeah, that's true. Good clarification. No, but you said that they wanted you on the team because their pitching sucks. Their pitching sucks. Well, I didn't try out for being a pitcher. So, why do they want you on the team? Because their pitching is so bad.

So, how would you being on the team help that? They don't know what the fuck they're doing over there at Shea Stadium. I get so excited and excitable about baseball. Yeah, you would just inspire the bullpen, I guess. Yeah, I would inspire them and I'd, you know, throw them, tell them how to throw better. Do they have any sort of, do they want you on the team because you're John Lennon, the famous Beatle? Or if that is the case and they were using me for, you know, sort of an advertising ploy, that's below low. That's below the Mets. That's low stuff. Yeah.

Because, you know, just slap your face on anything, it'll sell. So many people love the Beatles.

I know, but we're not here to talk about the Beatles, the Mets. We're not here to talk about the Beatles. We're here to talk about baseball. We're here right now. We're here now to talk about whatever you want to talk about. When I'm at the Mets stadium, it's baseball time.

But why do you go to Mets stadium other than to try out?

Because sometimes the Yankees play.

All right, okay. I don't know. Tim, not a lot. You don't know what. It would be an interleague play.

Tim, it's called Citi Field also. I've been sitting here stewing. I know. It used to be Shea Stadium, right? Yeah, they changed it. Was that named after somebody? You know, you played a important concert there at Shea Stadium. Yeah, probably the last time I ever will play there.

Probably. I mean, I think you ruined. You probably could play wherever you wanted though. I mean, places that still existed. Unless the Yankees find out that I'm a baseball player, want to hire me as part of their team and we make a subway series. Would you, here's a real question. If the Yankees were to hire you and put you on the team. Do you know something? In whatever position that they want. Okay. Would you perform a Super Bowl shuffle style single with the rest of the Yankees? Of course I would. I'd do anything to be on set with Aaron Judge.

I guess I'd see him all the time in the bullpen. Sure. I mean the dugout.

But to be able to get on set with him. Boy. And see how he.

You might go through the bullpen every once in a while. You know, just walking through to get to the locker rooms. We are two guys who know sports terms, obviously. So the Yankees, if I made your team, I'd be able to have easier conversations with Scott about baseball because I know a lot more about it. Right. Yeah. What do you know right now? Like break down the things you know about baseball. Let's see. As far as I know, crack of the bat. Crack of the bat. Diamond. The diamond.

They're on a diamond. Get on the mound.

The mound. Right. Hurl from the mound. Grab a peanut. First base. Second base. Base home.

Third base home. Right. Yeah. Seventh inning stretch. That's a good thing. Yeah.

Anything else? Is that about it? Pie me some peanuts. Right.

The mitts and the bats are a big part of it. Oh, a ground rule double. That's a thing.

And you can't have a game without that round, round baseball. Or the little red stitching that keeps it all together. What if they changed the shape of the baseball? That would be fun, wouldn't it?

I mean, that would add some levity.

No, not to football. That's definitely a football shape.

And everyone would say that's a football.

That's its own thing. Yeah. There is nothing else on earth that is that shape. So I think that would be a big tip off that it's just a football. Well, what about Hey Arnold's head?

Okay. Yeah. Maybe. And then every single time they threw it, people would be like, Hey, that's Hey Arnold. Yeah. That'd be awesome. And then eventually we just get cut down to Hey Arnold. Right. Yeah. Boom. Nickelodeon's got a boom in sale.

DVD sales. Well, that would be amazing. I mean, do you have any other ideas of how to liven up baseball? I mean, it's a pretty boring game. I'm going to throw to the sloppy boy band. I just liven up baseball. Well, I like it when a guy kind of slides his pants up and you see more of the stirrups. Sure. Yeah, that's fun.

A little bit of that kind of a bad boy look. Yeah. Yeah. So maybe if everyone did that or just the bad boys. I mean, if the bad, if we could determine who the bad boy on each team was, there's only one bad boy on each team though, or there's one bat boy on each team. I know that there's usually more, but okay. And there was a bat boy on the cover of the weekly world news.

Okay. Sure. That's not related. I think they caught him.

Yeah. Was that, was it the headline that he was wanted? Did they catch him? They kept, they caught and tortured him. Yeah. They caught him. He's currently still being tortured. Oh my God.

He's in Gitmo, isn't he? Yeah. What was his crime? What was bad boys crime? Looking weird, man.

I don't like that kid. So if you, every team has one bad boy who needs to pull up his pants a little bit. Yeah. And then he could, you could cut off the sleeves a little bit, grow up the beard, backwards hat maybe. Backwards?

Okay. Yeah. So cut off sleeves, meaning like showing the full shoulder. Bicep, tricep, top of the forearm. Any steps we got. Top of the forearm.

Wow. Yeah. You don't always see every single inch of that forearm. Right. And then when they came out onto the field or the diamond, as we called it the other day, would, would music play to delineate this is the bad boy or.

Yeah. It could be like, instead of walk of music, when that guy walks up, you hear just the voice over. It's like, this is the approved bad boy over this team. So information on not playing like metal or hard rap or anything, just pure information. Music is kind of a little wimpy. Yeah. It's a creative pursuit. I mean, don't look at me. I'm an artiste.

Sure. Sure. But if you're a real man's man, you just want to hear a voice saying, this guy is no good. That's what you want. That's what you want. If you're the bad boy of each team. And then would there be a bad boy kind of, you know, how the all star game takes people from each team? Maybe there would be a bad boy game where all the bad boys got together. Yeah. And it was just a fight. It wasn't even a baseball game. It was just like bare knuckle fight in a basement. Sure. Yeah. And if you want to, if you want a ticket to get, you have to be in the fight. So if you want to, you're allowed to buy a ticket as long as you're willing to fight. Right. You want to get the fuck in there.

I mean, what more that proves that you're a bad boy if you're willing to pay to go into a fight. Pay to fight. So then are you put onto a team as well afterwards of actual baseball? If you fight?

Yeah, maybe. If you win the fight.

Probably because probably some of these bad boys will die.

I would imagine so. I mean, you ever been hit in the face, John? With what? Anything. I'll take all comers. Anything on earth?

George got me with his guitar, the big fat part of his guitar once. The big fat part? You meaning the actual guitar part, not the neck. What are they called? The body. The body. The body. So wait a minute. The guitar has a body. It's got a neck. Where's the, where's the, I mean, I'm turned on just looking at yours right now, Tim. Oh my God. Look at the F holes on that thing. 38, 12, 44, six strings. But does it have a head? It's got a neck and then it's got a head. You would call that head. It's like the headless horseman of musical instruments. What the guitar? No, it's got one.

It has a head. But they don't call it a head. The head, neck and body. It's stock. It goes right down.

And they got those headless guitars though. Like I think Rico Kasek used to have one. Oh yeah.

That was scary. That's what your friend Mike Hanford played it on your tool. Oh, that's right.

It just reminds me of the legend of sleepy hollow. I just get very, very frightened every single time I see one of those. Yeah. Oh boy. Every time you see a guitar, you get frightened. Well, one without a head. Got it. Yeah. So, uh, uh, George Harrison hit you in the face. Right. He had just come in from, uh, Holland. What was he doing in Holland? Just visiting. Amsterdam? Yeah.

Oh, okay. Got it. And he said, oh, the windmills there, the windmills was something else. And he started swinging his baseball bat, his guitar around. Okay.

Just to imitate them. Just to imitate them. Not in excitement. No, he, cause the other two guys in the band, Ringo, God bless him, and Paul, a little stupid, said, what do you mean? Cause I wasn't in the room yet. So this was all told to me by George Martin. But he said, what do you, what do they look like? What do they look like? So George of course had, and he didn't want to do it.

His arms hurt. Right. Because he just got back from Holland. His arms were tired. Yeah. And he actually flew like a bird and he winged the thing around it. And I came in, what do you guys want? What are we doing for lunch today?

Bang right in the face, right in the face. My new glasses, my old glasses broke. That's why I had to go to, that's why you got the circular ones. I had to go do a movie to get a new glasses.

Wow. What a story. I love little Beatles trivia like that.

To hear stories like that.

Like I should write a book. You really should. I should write. I mean, you were there. I was in the damn, the whole thing. There's only three Beatles still alive. You, Paul and Ringo.

Right. We should get together. Maybe George could get back together, get back to life.

When's his death day? Yeah. I don't even know. I don't know what day it is. You should like check up on him and try to get him out there. I should have a sheet of paper with a lot of these important dates on. Right. When I come to do this, I'll keep my wallet laminated.

All right. Very good. When I come down here.

Well, John, it's always great to see you. John. It's great.

You're up to a lot.

Now I've been laid up. Well, you got that cold. I got the cold. I started taking LSD and the mess came back to you. Those are the three main takeaways from this interview.

What do you want from a regular guy? I don't know. You're just, yeah, I just, but you have such an interesting life. It's an okay life.

Well, I mean, it was a great death.

People talk to you. You were on the cover of time. I wish people would stop talking about that.

Yeah. If you, if you had a bad day, that was probably the worst day I've ever had.

Right. Yeah. I mean, you were shot right. I forgot where you were shot. Through my body.

Right through it. Right through it. Blood was everywhere.

Yeah. Came out out of the street and I don't, you know, I have the street cleaners still coming up to me saying that, you know, that was a day I was, you know, my grandfather was supposed to be off, but he had to work. Wow. Because of you. Well, not me.

Wait. So they brought in extra people in order to take care of it.

I had so much blood in my body. Wow. Why is he so mad that his grandfather had to work one extra day? Brother, that's what I'm talking about. Seems like you would buy him a toy with that extra money or something. Yeah. You get paid.

Yeah. And that's what I said. You got paid a little more.

You didn't even fucking know him.

You weren't even born yet. Wow.

Well, John, I'm sorry to dredge up these old memories.

Now I'm pissed. I know. I mean, it was a bad day. I don't know why I keep talking about that. I mean, and do you remember the dude who did it? What was his name?

Mark David Chapman. Chapman. Yeah.

Yeah. He's still with us. He's still around. You ever go visit him and say surprise motherfucker.

Now I get you. I think they would have to let him out of prison if people knew that you were still alive. Right. No harm, no foul.

Yeah, exactly. The writ of no harm, no foul.

So yeah, just keep a low profile because we don't want him out there on the street.

Right. Taking a shot at me. Yeah, exactly.

Well, guys, the sloppy boys are I mean, we're still waiting for Mike to get back, I would imagine. So he's got to turn that key real far to get the van off.

It's a big one of those old ignitions. It's a big counterclockwise maneuver, right? Yeah.

It's more than 180 degrees. It's up to like 210. Oh my gosh.

Okay. Well, maybe he'll come back in a second and we can play a song from the new record.

Who cares? You don't want to fuck him.

John. Hey, fuck that bass player.

I don't give a shit. That's like R. George.

You were on the show with the sloppy boys before, weren't you?

I probably. Oh, right. Paul played the bass.

Maybe you could play the bass for the sloppy boys.

Oh, I could probably do that. Yeah. Why don't you play the bass for the sloppy boys?

You can pick up any musical instrument. What tuning is it in?

This song is in E. Yeah, I could do that.

You can do it in E. No problem. No problem.

All right. So sloppy boys, do you want to play a live version of one of the tracks off your new record that comes out very soon, Dancing on the Wind, June 7th?

Is it OK if we play track one track? This is the very first song.

It's kind of a kickoff track. OK, right out of the gate track.

Lead track. OK, do you want to say what the title is or do you want people to hear it and then be surprised? Oh, I like that. That's good.

You'd prefer that. OK, so this is track one. This is the no spoilers version.

We don't want anyone knowing what this title is. Yeah. And in fact, when we get to the chorus, maybe don't listen to the title.

Don't listen to the.

So how will we know the title is coming up? Will you give us a little clue?

Yeah, I'll in the room here. I'll wink at you guys. OK, so you'll know.

OK, but I just don't want to take my headphones off. Yeah, you'll take your headphones off.

OK, very good. Yeah. And then we'll just see if I mean, I would love for this song to be a big hit, but not get all hung up on what the title is or isn't. Sure.

So how would people request it on the radio then? Give us the lead off track from Dancing on the Wind. OK, that makes sense. Sure.

So you want this to be a big hit? Huge. The biggest. The biggest hit. So you want this to be number one single for, you know, weeks upon weeks, bigger than the bodyguard. I will always love you. Yeah. Bigger than that. Bigger than literally any song on the bodyguard soundtrack.

OK, top to bottom, top to bottom, bigger than Dolly Parton's original version of I will always love you. Bigger than Dolly Parton's. Boy, you know what I mean? Not that big. Whoa.

Yeah, that's a little too big. All right. So this is. Now you got me horny again.

Well, I'm looking at your guitar. I just want to join in.

All right, guys. So this is the lead off track off of Dancing on the Wind. Sloppy Boys, you ready? You guys ready to do it?

We're ready. All right. Here we go. This is the Sloppy Boys.

Here we go.

I've got a place out in Montauk. Jeff's got a chick on the cape.

Mike's winning big in Atlantic City, but we're all homesick for L.A.

Paul Simon wants to boil us a lobster. James Taylor's planning us a clam bake.

Bruce wants to crack us some crab claws, but we've got to get back to L.A.

Back to L.A. Back to L.A.

I'm talking right away, but we're too afraid because those Santa Ana winds will blow you away.

Those Santa Ana winds, they're coming for you, cha cha.

We cry when we hear the Beach Boys can't bear to watch films or TVs.

We had a dream about an avocado. We shipped our mashed potatoes into palm trees.

But those Santa Ana winds, they'll blow you away.

Those Santa Ana winds, they'll get you real good.

The Dyson Air Blade nearly chopped my dick off.

And all I ever tried to do was dry my prick off.

But the incident reminded me of why I could never go home.

Because there's a pesky warm westerly wind and I don't want to get pwned.

And it's sad because well, California is a hell of a town. Boulevard's up, sorry sidewalks down.

I want to cruise through the hills in my string bikini.

Kick, flip, grind, grind.

Those Santa Ana winds, they'll blow you away.

Those Santa Ana winds, they'll blow your ass out, chief.

Very good.

What was that called? Santa Ana winds.

Santa Ana winds. All right, we need to go to a break. When we come back, we have a lifestyle expert on the show. The sloppy boys will still be here.

John Lennon, you can stick around, can't you? I'll stick around. I got nothing to do.

All right. And maybe Mike Hanford will turn that key all the way.

He texted me. He says he's at like 208 right now.

Okay. So he's almost there. Yeah. He's closing in on it. He said he can see it.

He's right at the end of the tunnel. Yeah. All right. We'll be right back with more Comedy Bang Bang after this. Comedy Bang Bang. We are back here with the sloppy boys.

We have Mike Hanford, Jeff Dutton, and Tim Kalpakis. Mike, you're back.

I'm back. I finally got that thing. Did they tell you about the key?

That thing has to move.

Man, that's a, I mean, 180 is already like halfway to go up.

Yeah. That's enough. It takes enough time.

Did you check on the protractor to make sure you got all the way there?

I'm there. I'm there. I did a little more too.

Oh, you went up to 215 or so?

215. It's fine. I was on the phone with Dodge and they said it's fine.

Is it a Dodge? The van?

It's fine. It's turned a little more. Actually, it's probably.

They said it was okay.

Yeah, that's fine.

Also, John Lennon is here.

Hello.

And we need to get to our next guest. Is that all right?

This is the first time he's ever been on the show. He is a lifestyle expert. That's great. I mean, how are you guys' lifestyles?

Not so good.

For us, I would say the rock and roll lifestyle is what we're locked into right now.

Yeah. You're just, yeah, you're locked in there. And, and, and John, that's same for you.

The rock and roll?

Yeah.

No, not really.

You're just more of a man about town.

Yeah. Just about town chasing down birds that I see.

You're bon vivant.

Yeah, whatever.

All right. Well, let's talk to our guest about his lifestyle and maybe some advice about our lifestyles. Please welcome Mr. Fastidious.

I'm Mr. Fastidious. I like everything to be just so.

Okay. Great. Well, very nice to meet you. Welcome to the show.

You've probably heard of me. I've been described as the neat freak.

I like everything to be clean and orderly.

I, I can't say that I've heard of you before.

People have said I'm finicky.

Okay.

People have postulated that I'm over particular.

Okay, sure. This is good info in order to help frame our conversation. Certainly. So.

Yes, I'm quite meticulous as they say.

Sure. You're fastidious, I would imagine.

I'm Mr. Fastidious.

You're not Mr. Meticulous though.

No, but meticulous would describe me.

Is there a Mr. Meticulous?

I.

Is there a Mr. Is there a different Mr. Fastidious?

There could be many Mr. Meticulous and Mr. Fastidious.

We're asking, are you married?

To another man.

Or whomever.

No.

You're not. Okay. So you're, you're very finicky and choosy when it comes to a partner.

Yes, that's right.

Okay. Very good. So welcome to the show. This is the sloppy boys.

Hey.

Oh, are you okay?

Oh, I'm sorry.

Sloppy?

The sloppy boys.

Get over here.

I see what's happening.

Wait, Scott, who booked this show?

I don't. Who booked Mr. Fastidious along with the sloppy boys?

This is like total opposites.

Yes. Well, and not to mention, I hate their music.

Well, that's not right.

You know, what are we going to start not having people on the show because they hate the sloppy boys music. I mean, we can't cover all those bases.

Music reached perfection and it never needed to be messed with again.

At what point?

With that song that everybody sings.

Which one?

Tra la la tra la la.

Maybe before my time. I don't, I don't remember that.

That's the only good song. Tra la la tra la la.

I mean, it's that whole song.

That's the whole song.

You could keep singing it for hours.

Who has that much time to listen to music really?

Like that's about enough, right?

Yes.

This is John Lennon, by the way.

Hello.

Mr. Define fastidious. You need meticulous.

You keep saying meticulous.

And just as if you should have named yourself Mr. Meticulous.

I'm finicky and fussy. I like everything clean and orderly.

You don't seem like a fussy guy. You seem pretty low key.

He doesn't like our music.

Oh, well, that's but that, well, that's, he's got a problem with his brain.

So what is it about our music? There's your, the, it's not meticulous.

I just like that one song.

Okay. So anything other than tra la la.

That's unrelated. I also don't like that you're promoting a sloppy lifestyle.

Okay.

Is that, is that part of the sloppy boys whole thing? You're, you're promoting a slovenly lifestyle.

Look at us. We look like shit.

Well, I mean, there's not much you can do about that.

We're all just trapped in these bodies that our parents gave us.

That's true. I mean, we work out constantly.

Yeah. We don't have to clean them.

Well, this might be a blessing in disguise.

In what way, Mr. Festidious?

Here I have some tips to be.

Festidious.

Festidious like you. Okay. These are the lifestyle tips that you came on to the show.

Yes. And perhaps the sloppy boys can incorporate them into their lives.

Well, I mean, I'm a big fan of shows like Queer Eye and stuff where, you know, and I think you guys could all use a, a makeover.

Who couldn't? I mean, he's done so much to ingratiate himself to us.

Right. Yeah.

So Mr. Festidious, what are these tips?

Well, first of all, Scott, let me just reach over. You had a speck of dust on your shoulder.

A speck of dust is not a big deal. I mean, you probably have it on YouTube.

Yeah, pass it this way.

No. Give us that dust.

I'm looking at it now there's no specks.

No, I'm burning it.

Which you burnt that dust?

Yes.

Okay. You really shouldn't be lighting an open flame here in the studio.

The carbon footprint on burning dust is not worth it.

It is.

And I'm not one of these environmental freaks.

Okay. All right. Calm down.

I'm just saying.

All right. So, uh, you, uh, you saw a speck of dust. Okay.

So now what are these tips?

Oh, right. Now, as you may know, my name is Mr. Festidious.

We made your very meticulous.

I like everything to be just so.

We do know this about you. You came in hot with your intro and said all this information.

It was the first thing we learned about you and that really makes an impression.

You know?

Sure.

It's your topic sentence.

Right. Oh, I guess I never thought of it that way.

To be a personal grooming tip.

Okay. These are good. Okay. We can use some of these.

Every morning when you're grooming yourself, make sure that by the end of your grooming routine, no two pubes are touching each other.

Okay. Hold on.

Okay. It's the height of blackiness.

How would anyone know?

When I see a pube touching another two pube, I go black.

Where are you seeing these pubes touching?

I don't want my pubes to be out and about for everyone to see the gym.

People wearing low cut jeans, Apple bottom jeans and the boots with the fur.

I can imagine if your pubes are really, really short away around them touching each other.

But if your pubes are kind of long, the only way for them to not touch is that they're all just sticking straight out straight down. Yes. You use a comb, you use a, uh, gel dryer, I guess. Yeah. You do it like, like a Mohawk basically.

The ones that are too close to the others.

Do you consider pubes just to be the things in the front or like, if you have hair going down your butthole, like, you know, from up your back or whatever, are those pubes or that's ass hair?

What's your stance on that?

I wouldn't expect you to say ass hair.

You know, it sounds like you would have said posterior.

You seem to, yeah, I'm with you for a guy who's so fastidious and ridiculous.

He jumped his first thing is pube placement.

Yeah. I didn't name it. I'm using this scientific term.

You're opening with that.

A thing no one will ever see.

Most parts of your pubes sticking out also cause a big bump, almost like a FUPA on a, on a guy, you know, uh, in your jeans.

Well, they can be plastered straight down. They can be touch.

So it's straight at touch.

It's straight down like Chuck Todd's hair. Yes, exactly.

But just make sure it's sort of, it's going at different angles.

Just like little pieces.

Just almost like, looks like a Charlie Brown, just lines drawn, like a, like Linus or something.

Yes. Like that shirt, Charlie Brown's mother bought him.

I don't remember that one.

Oh, well, I just assumed.

What do you think about pig pen?

Ooh.

Okay. I'm sorry to bring him up. I beg your pardon.

That was it. He just went, ooh, and moved his arms.

Bleck.

The height of Bleckiness. I would imagine.

Alright. Do you have another tip for us here?

I'm glad you asked. Yes.

If you're ever sitting at a table and you have a stack of papers or your phone, make sure that the bottom edge of the papers of the phone is parallel with the edge of the table.

Okay. That sounds more like an OCD thing. Do you mean?

Okay. I have a phone.

OCD.

Do you not know what OCD stands for?

Is that what Tom Hanks has in Philadelphia?

No.

Maybe. I don't know what, how that might've played into his particular predicament.

We haven't seen the deleted scenes.

Yeah. I, I OCD stands for, what does it stand for?

Tim? Obsessive compulsive disorder, right? Where, where you, uh, your brain kind of plays tricks on you, where you need things to be just so or meticulous.

Wait a minute. I think I see what's going on here.

I didn't. Well, I've never been to a doctor, so I don't.

You never been to a doctor once?

No.

Even when you were a little kid?

No.

Who delivered you out of your mother's womb?

My dad.

And what is his job?

He's a garbage man.

Okay. There's no way that he delivered you meticulously.

Yes. I'm quite aware.

Oh, you're shaking.

Wow. Yes.

You're shaking your fist and you're rising to your feet.

Yes. And now I'm doing squats.

And he's right. His fumes are coming out.

You're like a gym rat. You've mentioned going to the gym.

You're doing squats.

As I grew up in a dump.

You grew up in a dump.

Mr. Vastidia grew up in a dump?

That's the height of Ireland.

My father was a garbage man. And we lived in a shack at the corner of the dump.

Oh wow. The corner. I would think the middle.

So you could get to any corner in equal time.

But instead, if there's a problem at the dump in the corner of the furthest corner for a long walk.

I would put it right there in the middle.

Call up your dad and talk to him about this.

Okay. I will.

Wait. I don't like him.

I ran away from home.

Oh no. At what age?

30.

How old are you now?

I'm 39.

Okay. So you've, you, you've basically got an apartment. Is that, is that what happened?

Right. But I ran.

So did you tell your father you were leaving?

No. I ran. It was the middle of the night and I ran away.

You probably was happy that his son actually left the nest, I would imagine.

Probably. He hated me.

He hated you. I'm so sorry. How do you know that?

I was always putting things at right angles and making things parallel. And he said there was no need for that in a dump.

So it'd be like pieces of garbage.

Yes.

And you'd put them parallel together?

Yeah. I'd take a sun and a old keyboard and make sure that they were.

Hey, is that old keyboard still around?

Yeah. I mean, these guys could use it.

Oh, it's not a musical keyboard.

Oh, I see.

Hey, Mr. Festidious, your phone is ringing there. Do you want to answer it?

Yes.

Hey, how you doing?

Hello. This is Mr. Festidious.

Hi. I've been, uh, I like everything to be just so.

Oh, OK. Good. I've been calling a bunch of phone numbers for the past nine years to just see if anyone knew the whereabouts of my son. He's been running around a lot. His name is Dan.

And if anyone's seen him, I've just been going through the phone book and sort of looking for him.

Hi, sir. You're on the air here on Comedy Pangbang.

What? Well, give me off right now.

No, no, sir. We'd like to talk to you a little bit.

We'd like to talk to you a little bit. All right.

What is your name?

My name?

Yeah, your name.

It's Ralph.

Ralph. And what's your last name?

Slodge.

Ralph Slodge. And I don't know a Dan Slodge, so you've called the wrong number.

What? That's my son. I'm looking for my son, Dan Slodge.

Let me ask you this, Ralph.

Yeah.

Do you live in a junkyard?

Yeah. Well, yeah, I grew up there. I grew up, it's more of a garbage dump.

Oh, well, you should put your home in the center.

Yeah.

Of the garbage dump.

How do you guys know so much about where my home is? It's on the very edge of the place.

And let me guess, you have an ex-wife who's a doctor.

Yeah, that was the biggest mistake of my life.

Wait.

Break it up with a...

I thought you said you'd never been to a doctor.

I'll never go to a doctor.

Okay.

Just looking for my son.

Yeah, we have a guest on the show. His name is Mr. Fastidious.

Right, I heard him before. He doesn't want things to be too out of order.

He just likes everything at his place.

He wants everything to be just so.

Just so.

What does that mean?

I got to remember that.

You don't remember?

You said it to us. You said it when you answered the phone.

I do remember it, but I have just reminded myself. I've got to keep remembering.

Can I ask what show this is?

Yeah, this is Comedy Bang Bang. I mentioned it to you.

I read about this.

Yeah, there was a lot of press for the 10th anniversary.

10 long hours!

Unfortunately, we gained a lot of listeners that are listening to this episode now.

Santa Ana wins everybody.

I hope those listeners put their paste magazines parallel with their desks.

Well, I was going to say we have Mr. Fastidious on, but I believe that to be a stage name.

And the details of your life and of your son's life are lining up almost, you know, parallel to the table with Mr. Fastidious's life.

And I wonder if maybe Mr. Fastidious was your previous name, Dan Slodge.

That's interesting. People don't have previous names.

Oh, sure!

Well, I should just get back to my tips.

Elton John! Elton John was Reginald.

What is this? What is he doing?

He's crying now.

Why?

He's stamping his feet. He's having sort of a 39-year-old tantrum.

I remember my son, Dan, he used to take my old snot rags and fold them just so.

And when you say just so, what do you mean?

Perfectly...

In corners or...

Corners.

Origami?

Yeah.

Oh, okay. As swans?

As swans. No, just as very nice exact squares.

Exact squares.

And put them right at the end of a table exactly.

Why do they make snot rags and Kleenexes in general rectangles when they should be squares, if we're just going to fold them into perfect squares?

I don't know. But I would say, what are you doing that for?

You're wasting your time.

I'd crinkle it back up and throw it on the ground.

You'd crinkle it back up against his wishes?

I'd throw it back in the garbage. He would take this out of the garbage.

Oh, okay.

So, you know, he had a lot of health problems growing up, my son.

Oh, yeah. Look, I think what's going on is pretty clear.

Mr. Fastidious, your name is Dan Slodge.

And nine years ago, you ran away from your home and your dad here has been calling random numbers, just trying to find you.

Yeah, you should see my pointer finger. It's down, worn out to the bone.

Really? Is the bone sticking out?

The bone's sticking out. I wish my wife was still with me.

She left.

She wouldn't take me with her.

Okay.

She moved to a shack at the edge of the hospital.

That's where she is?

She should be right there in the middle, or at least at, you know, the admittance.

Well, that's a big architecture expert. I didn't realize.

I mean, it's not architecture as much as it is.

I was their child. I had no say in where they built their homes.

Yeah. So she moved out of the home. She moved out of the dump.

When I was one day old.

Okay. If she's a doctor making that much money, why are you guys living at the dump?

Why doesn't your dad give you, you know, Ralph, why don't, why didn't you commute?

I like living in a dump.

You do? Why?

Because I have all my friends live there.

What friends?

Uh, Ross, Rachel, Chandler.

Wait. Oh, he watches TV.

He watches TV at the dump.

I watch TV at the dump and those actors who play those people live there with me.

I guess we didn't know where they lived the entire time.

I mean, I assume like Beverly Hills mansion would have to be incognito.

No, they would, they would, they live on the dump and they would drive to a set and shoot the little show.

Okay. All right. I can see why that would be a great place to live.

You know, who came up with that theme song?

Who's that? The Rembrandts?

That's right.

You're just doing friends trivia.

Yeah. What was the monkey's name?

I should be asking you that.

Marcel.

Yeah.

And what were the monkey's names?

Davy Jones.

Right.

Ricky Dolenz.

I know them as neighbor one, neighbor two, neighbor three.

These were all just garbage constructions.

Oh, okay.

All right.

These are just statues that you made out of garbage.

So this is this type of show that I'm calling to you have people call in.

We never have people call in.

You call them insane.

Why did I patch my cell phone into the, I don't know, but I mean, this is an incredible reunion we have.

Look, we need to take a break, but before we do sloppy boys, can you play another song and Ralph, will you stay on the line?

Cause I want to, I want to get a little more, hear more from you and hear, uh, Mr.

Vistidious AKA Dan Slodge, uh, hear a little bit more about his life, but, uh, sloppy boys, you ready to play a song from your, okay.

What do you want to say the title of this or do we ever, yeah, we'll say it all together.

Radio days.

Oh, like the Woody Allen film.

He is canceled.

Oh yeah.

So should this song be canceled or no different?

You know what?

Different spelling.

Oh, so radios are a Y D Y O radio is how you've always seen it.

Okay.

Or an old favorite, an old favorite, familiar days is a new spin on an old favorite.

That's right.

What do we got?

D a Y Z E.

Okay.

I see what's going on here.

All right.

So, uh, get your instruments and, uh, here we go.

This is going to be the sloppy boys from their new record dancing.

I'll be boys.

Oh my God.

You can hear him sound Ralph is salivating at the thought of sloppiness.

All right.

So weird.

He lives in a garbage dump.

So if he salivates that much, just at the thought, he must be losing so much.

Your late father grooming their pubes.

No, I want those things squiggles, squaggled everywhere.

All right.

Sloppy boys.

Let's play a song.

Here we go.

This is the sloppy boys with radio days.

Ready?

One, two, three, four.

Growing up on a farm with my father and mother space got tied.

When we got a baby brother life was hard.

Every single day.

But when I flipped on the radio, it all just faded away.

Radio days.

Those radio days.

I wish I could get back those radio days.

Yeah.

I wish I could get back to those radio days.

In the living room night after night, the music I would hear made my soul shine bright.

There was Lincoln park and the yin yang twins.

I can still hear their voices dancing on the wind.

Incubus made my world stand still.

So did Britney Spears.

Drops of Jupiter brought me to tears.

I let my mind wander with fat boy Slim.

Master P, I could relate to him.

And love don't cost a thing for Jenny from the block.

And like limp biscuits and I don't want to wake up.

Nowadays, everything's on CD.

No one remembers the radio.

You can't walk down the street without a CD.

Rolling across your toes.

Slipknot and Moby.

And Eagle Eye Cherry.

Yeah.

I wish I could hang out with Avril Lavigne.

And her skater boy.

Radio days.

Those radio days.

I wish I could get back those radio days.

Yeah.

I wish I could get back to those radio days.

And slash the guitarist for Guns N' Roses.

Yeah, he was my dad.

Very good.

That was very good.

All right.

We are going to be coming right back with more sloppy boys, more John Lennon.

You've been very quiet lately.

There's a lot.

There's a lot going on.

A lot going on.

We also have Mr. Fastidious, AKA Dan Slodge and Ralph Slodge on the phone.

We're going to come right back with more comedy bang bang after this.

Comedy bang bang.

We are back here.

The sloppy boys just played their second song.

And Mike, you were singing lead on that one.

Yeah, that was fun.

I know, Tim, you sing some songs and Mike, you sing some songs, but you have a very strict no two people singing at the same time rule when it comes to.

Yeah, you might want to check out the new album.

There is a problem created when two people sing, it becomes apparent if they are not seeing the same note or if at least those notes are not in key or if they're different skill levels.

Yes.

And we didn't want to go down that road.

Lots of bands do it, and we think that's great.

I mean, Crosby, Skills and Nash.

Sure.

I mean, they have three people.

I know.

Yeah.

And then add young to it.

Boy, you can't find enough microphones.

Microphone, what is the Nike microphone?

We also have John Lennon here.

Hello.

Hey, you know what?

I want to take that again.

Drums.

I haven't said.

I mean, Jeff over here is on the drums and you.

Oh, God, you whack those things.

Yeah, right.

Geez.

Yeah.

You should I should put you in contact with a friend of mine.

He used to play drums.

I bet it's Ringo.

And this guy, he was in a band.

It's Ringo.

He was in one of my fans.

It's he was a big he was talking about.

He was a tall man.

He was seven foot tall.

I know he's talking.

Oh, he had McFleetwood maybe.

Oh, yeah.

He was in a band with a couple of the two ladies.

And then he was a wrestler as well.

This drive.

Okay.

Andre the giant was in a band with two ladies.

We got to meet this guy.

Yeah.

So I'll put you in contact with this guy.

Oh, he is talking about Ringo.

And I'll, you know, to give you some old drums.

Has Ringo always been standing on someone's head?

Does he wear a trench coat every time you see him?

Let me think about that.

Now that I do.

Yeah.

I sort of he's always sort of in a trench coat on the beach at the movies.

Everywhere.

Interesting.

Buying beer.

Buying beer for me.

We also have Mr. Fastidious here, AKA Dan Slodge.

I'm Mr. Fastidious.

And I like everything to be.

Oh, should I say it?

You got to remember.

He knows just how to say it.

Do they even want?

Yes, I think I'll say it.

I think I.

We want it.

Yes.

Just say it.

Here it comes.

I'm going to say it.

Just so.

Oh.

Oh, really good.

Gosh, enough wind up, though.

Next time, just try to speed through it.

The way that he says baseball game.

You know the wind up.

That's true.

I was just going to point out the way that you say your slogan isn't just so it's not fastidious.

Yeah, you really sloppy.

Well, I didn't even realize I have a slogan.

It's more of a catchphrase than a slogan.

It's also efficient, right?

Like with time, it would be efficient.

So I guess I don't know if it's tediousness and efficiency go hand in hand.

I mean, do you tend to achieve your goals and your tasks in a short amount of time?

Yes.

Of putting things at the proper angles and by the way, you've only mentioned two tips.

Oh, I have a third.

Oh, what's your third?

Sometimes you'll see chocolate milk spilled.

You should clean it up because chocolate milk belongs in only two places.

In a carton or in a young child's mouth.

Okay.

All right.

Let's just stay in the mouth.

So what do you do with it when you clean it up?

You put it in a mouth or in back of the carton?

What about the trash?

Well, yes, you clean it up and then you burn the rag that you use to clean it.

Well, it won't exist anymore.

It's right.

It'll evaporate.

Good point, Jeff.

That's a lot of burning.

Is that your solution to things you don't like?

Do you burn?

Well, I guess at the garbage they burn all the garbage, right?

I mean, yes, they did.

Yeah.

We also have Ralph Slodge.

Hey, how you doing?

Hey, you know, uh, you were just talking about burning stuff.

My son, Dan.

Yeah.

No, this is him.

This is, this is Dan.

You must have made the connection by now.

Yeah, we settled on it.

I'm a dumb dope.

Hey, does this sound familiar, Papa?

The sound of a hand slapping my bare bottom.

He pulled his pants down.

His mother was very into, uh, punishment, certain types of punishment for the kids.

No mother.

Mother left when I was one day old.

Did you know that?

She's 39 years.

You know, he'd be moving the garbage around my, my AKA, my food all over the place.

Your food.

There was his friends, his food.

I can't decide if Mr.

Fastidious is uptight or if his dad Ralph is extra gross.

Maybe both.

Yeah, maybe both.

Maybe we need to meet in the middle.

Who was just talking to who was that?

That it's your son, Dan.

From what band?

What band?

The sloppy boys.

Okay.

Stop.

Who can hear it over the phone?

I mean, your body is like 78% water, but you're going to lose all of that.

If you salivate all that much.

You've never seen me.

When I was a little boy, I just wanted Papa's attention, but he would always go visit the sloppy boys when they were kids instead.

Wait.

Cradle them and kiss them.

He visited the sloppy.

Yes.

I mean, I do have like a kind of a blurry memory of a guy.

I mean, I was very young, so it's not clear, but I remember like a guy kind of coming in, making sure my pubes were all mashed up together.

He was the garbage man.

When you say very young, 18, right?

Yeah.

I had the pubes.

Sure.

And you were of legal age.

Yeah.

Okay.

Thank you.

I just want to specify that I barely remember my 18th birthday, but it was because you got drunk.

Yeah.

You bought beer from in Canada.

Oh, okay.

Got it.

So, so this, so you used to visit the sloppy boys, Ralph?

I used to go by there.

Yeah.

Just because of the name of their future band.

I was hungry.

You're hungry?

I eat garbage.

Okay.

All right.

But still, I don't even just hang up on me.

Well, can I give you something?

It's not my phone.

It's your son's phone.

If you eat garbage, it shouldn't be taking your time to go after just some guys because maybe they're going to be sloppy.

I mean, go for the garbage pail kids or like go right for something more garbage than a sloppy band.

It's just hard for me, you know?

Oh no.

I mean, your wife left you.

My wife's gone.

My son.

You had, you were a single parent.

Yeah.

I raised my son till he was 30.

And then he just ran away in the middle of the night.

He got a good wind up.

You know, he backed up a few steps.

I said, what is it little Dan doing here?

Where's he going?

And then did he start running in place for a little bit?

Running in place for a second.

I said, Dan's there.

His suitcase is across the room.

What's he doing?

He ran, got the suitcase right out the door.

Right out the door.

Dan, why do that in the middle of the night?

To escape under cover of darkness.

Okay.

I saw the whole thing.

Oh, well, you woke me up and said, look at me go.

That was more just to the gods above that I was trying to say.

Okay.

Why wake him up then?

Well, I didn't mean to wake him up.

It was just by it.

Look at me go.

I see.

Well, yeah, a lot of people knew about how he backed up and zoomed like that.

Oh, really?

His feet would sort of make it make a circle.

Almost like a skeletons, you know, banging bones on each other.

Just right.

Right.

Yeah.

Okay.

Yeah.

The animation team for Sonic the Hedgehog came to my house.

They came to your house?

Yeah.

They want to know how he moved.

Really?

Okay.

Interesting.

Did they fix his teeth?

I'm not getting involved with that.

I don't care about the.

That's not part of.

cartoon teeth.

Okay.

I want to see his feet.

They also asked about my patch of blue fur.

That did not come up.

Wait, you have a patch of blue fur?

Where is this?

Well, let me guess.

He's wearing a turtleneck suit from neck to feet.

Yeah, turtleneck suit from neck to feet.

Yes, I'm wearing a turtleneck suit from neck to feet.

Take off the turtleneck suit, Dan, and show them what's going on under there.

Okay.

Oh, my God.

Your pubes.

Yes, the blue fur.

Wow.

Okay.

So now I see why you're so hung up on pubes.

Um, how did they get to be blue fur?

Is this some sort of Hank McCoy type mutation or.

Well, I didn't want to bring it up, but it's a type of Hank McCoy-esque mutation.

Okay.

You guessed it, Scott.

So you, so you're a mutant.

I guess so.

You're a mutie as a mutie.

My power is making everything just so.

No, you have OCD.

You got to see a doctor or at least.

Thank you.

He has OCD, right?

I know.

Ever since he was a kid.

Yes.

Well, if only your mother were here.

If only she'd call in too, maybe.

I don't know how that would ever happen.

Oh, great call waiting.

Hold on.

Well, no, connect the calls.

Okay.

Yeah.

Let me just.

Hi, Dan.

Mrs.

Uh, slaw sludge doctor slaw, doctor.

Sorry, doctor.

This is a woman.

The doctor is a woman.

Uh, have you heard that?

Um, kind of a little, uh, tricky, uh, yeah.

They said what the doctors of the woman.

Yeah, no, I've just referenced it.

I'm the doctor.

You're the doctor they were talking about.

You had to operate on your son.

That's right.

Cause I knew they were basing a little story on me.

So wait a minute.

So you gave birth, you haven't seen your son since the day.

So the operation you were operating on your son was the birth.

Yeah.

The writers of the limerick were watching me.

It's not a limerick, but yeah.

I intended for it to be a limerick.

Oh, you did.

What were the rhymes involved?

As I deliver this fetus.

So I deliver this fetus.

I hope I don't snip his whole penis.

Okay.

An imperfect rhyme, but okay.

Slant rhyme.

Okay.

So as I deliver this fetus, I hope I don't snip off his penis.

Yeah.

And then they thought they would do like a gender thing with it.

So they went a whole different way.

Okay.

So you only got two lines into this limerick, which are usually.

Well I was giving birth, you know, it's really hard when you're trying to deliver.

Yeah.

Well multitasking though.

Yeah.

Anyway, so I'm just calling random, uh, uh, cell phone numbers from a shack at the, uh, corner of the hospital.

And, uh, I wanted to see if I could track down, uh, Dan, my old son.

Yeah.

You already said when you, when he answered the phone, you said, hello, Dan.

So, I mean, maybe that's you trying to entrap, uh, because maybe he's changed his name.

I've been entrapping people.

Okay.

I just saw that movie Entrapment.

Oh, how was it?

It was good.

Um, I have to say there was one scene with Catherine Zeta-Jones that I loved.

Which particular scene is that?

When they introduced her at the beginning.

It's a great introduction.

Very informational.

Yes.

All right.

So, uh, would it surprise you?

This is Mrs. Slodge, right?

Dr. Slodge.

Would it surprise you to know that you finally hit upon your son's cell phone number and this is your son, Dan Slodge, AKA Mr. Fastidious?

I hit the jackpot!

Son, I, if this is you.

It is him, you know, the court stipulates this is Dan Slodge.

No relationship.

You got rid of me when I was one day old.

Why did you leave, Dr. Slodge?

Um, he had that vibe about him.

This kid seemed like there was a chance he might grow up to be kind of a little weird.

Yeah, no, we, we got that from him.

So, uh, I mean, that's a lot of foresight actually.

I thought if I give him 29 years and 364 days.

Okay.

Wait, is it plus nine for his current birthday?

I'm going through it.

So it was, it was a 30 years plus nine for the current birthday.

This is the equation.

I got it all worked out on a whiteboard here at the hospital.

All right.

I'll text you a picture.

So you would then reach out and try to get, so you haven't been reaching out very long.

This was this one of the first numbers?

This was the first one I tried.

Wow.

Amazing.

He's always been lucky.

Um, I, I got one of those jitterbug phones, so it takes a long time to go through all the numbers.

Excuse me.

Oh honey, remember when, so you know, this is your ex-husband Ralph.

Ralph Sludge?

Sludge?

Olivia.

I can't believe this is the first time we're talking this way.

You're on a three-way call with your son and your ex-husband.

I, and I tried the same thing, Olivia.

I was calling phone numbers, not as lucky as you.

And I landed out of a little, a cute little baby boy.

So you still go by his last name, mother?

Well, I, uh, I never wanted to change back to my maiden name.

What is your maiden name?

Blech.

I mean, that's understandable.

Both are not great.

You could, I mean.

Hey, what the hell are you talking about?

I mean, Sludge is better maybe than Blech.

Uh, what's your last name?

Ockerman?

I mean, I bet.

Oh, okay.

You can't use it.

Damn you.

I'm already on IMDB.

Uh, so what do you want to say to your son now that you, you have him here?

I just want to ask him, did you turn out weird?

Like, do you have any weird chocolate milk rules?

Yes, if you see spilled chocolate milk, you should clean it up.

Chocolate milk belongs in only two places, in a carton or in a young child's mouth.

And then he wants to burn the milk once you do slop it up.

If you do, yeah, he wants it to evaporate.

I mean, I don't know if you know that's weird, Olivia or not.

Mother, I have a question for you that no one here seemed to be able to answer.

What did Tom Hanks have in Philadelphia?

Well, it's funny that you bring this up because I just watched the DVD and had some deleted scenes in it.

Okay.

He had AIDS.

That was in the body of the film, I think.

It comes up in the deleted scenes.

I would imagine that's a big part of the movie.

Would it surprise you, Dr. Slodge, to know that your son actually has OCD and arranges everything into certain angles?

What's the deal with his pubes?

Well, he wants them to be, it's kind of a mutation, a Hank McCoy style mutation.

Where it's turned into blue fur.

Well, I have to say based on these three criteria, I think he turned out, he turned out a little bit weird.

Yeah.

So what did you just want to cut bait or what's going to happen here?

I mean, my plan was to be that I would check back in in another 39 years, 38 years, 364 days.

Olivia, you'll be dead.

Me?

How old are you?

She was an older mother.

She was really.

How old were you when you had Dan here?

71.

So wait, you are 110 years old?

Years young.

Okay.

Yeah.

You're going to be dead unless the singularity happens and our consciousnesses are transferred into computers.

That's what I've been banking on.

Yeah.

Computer banking on.

Yeah.

Okay.

See ya.

Bye.

Wow.

Jesus.

So Dan, I mean, I'm so sorry.

Mr. Fastidious, you, uh, I'm not a Dan anymore.

You've been turned down by your mother twice.

Good.

That's fine by you.

Yes, I'm glad.

I can hear it in his voice.

He's not happy about this.

You know, I mean, we don't get the parents that we want.

Sometimes we get the parents that we have, you know, and very true, but you can also choose not to have a relationship with them.

I choose that.

Okay.

And, uh, but if you want to go on another date, we'll pay for it.

All right.

I'll go on a date.

Who am I going out with?

I don't know.

We want to see if there's a Mr. or Mrs. Fastidious in your future.

Oh, yes.

That would be lovely.

I'd like to find out if there's a Mr. or Mrs. Fastidious in my future.

Okay, great.

I can't believe I won the dating show.

Sorry, sloppy boys.

I'm the winner today.

Yeah, sorry, sloppy boys.

I mean, that's okay.

I was a little confused because I never figured out what fastidious meant.

Oh, it's, uh, he likes everything to be just so, but to who?

To who?

To whom?

For himself, I guess.

He likes things the way he likes them, as we all do.

Yeah, he doesn't want children to swallow chocolate milk.

Okay.

Well, he wants them to swallow.

It just is once it's inside their body, it's not chocolate milk anymore.

Then it turns to waste.

Yes, that's waste.

Well, then what do you do with that?

Expell it.

How do you expel your waste?

Well, sometimes it comes out as urine.

Sometimes I blast diarrhea.

Okay.

All right.

All right, Mr. Fastidious.

Look, we are, no, no, there's a third.

Well, there's solid poops.

What?

Okay.

Look, we're running out of time.

We, uh, have one final feature on the show and that's a little something called plugs.

Oh, that was Spooky Plugs by Rathsheba.

Rathsheba.

Wow.

That was, it lived up to its title.

We were all blasting diarrhea.

I was talking about title the Jay-Z streaming service.

Yeah.

Um, all right guys, what are we plugging?

Sloppy boys.

You have an album coming out dancing on the wind and that comes out June 7th, June 7th.

That's right.

Friday.

Yeah.

Friday, June 7th.

Look for it.

Yeah.

You, uh, do you know what other albums come out on that day?

Or you, did you time the release day to sort of like get away from a big seller or.

Yeah.

Yeah, we, we, uh, we did.

Yeah.

I mean, we were going to come out with it a, uh, a few months ago during when, uh, our Anna Grande dropped her album and we had to pull the plug last minute.

Are you shooting for a number one album here?

We would love that.

That would be great.

Um, Mr. Fisticity, is there anything you want to plug?

Uh, just clean up your chocolate milk.

That's not a big problem for most households, I would say.

But if the ones where it is a problem, they need to hear it.

Okay.

And you know, June 7th late night, starring Emma Thompson is released.

Okay, great.

So look, you have a lot of choices in entertainment these days, but.

I can't believe we're going up against Emma Thompson.

But you know, the sloppy boys record is only 40 minutes.

You could probably order a pizza and, uh, you know, listen to most of it before it gets there, but late night, you can't claim that.

Like you're not going to be able to go to a theater and order a pizza in the theater and have someone deliver it.

That would disturb all the other movie goers.

Probably.

You probably can't listen to the album in the theater either.

Yeah, probably.

Unless you brought earbuds.

Earbuds.

That gives me a good idea for a movie.

A dog with an ear.

Uh, John Lennon, anything you want to plug?

Uh, for me, not really.

I'm, uh, great to be back here.

Great to be back.

Yeah.

I want to plug.

Yeah, I do have something to plug.

What do you got?

Uh, questions for Lennon.

Questions for Lennon.

Yeah.

That's, uh, your show.

Your show coming out in my podcast.

New season.

Pop pass.

I'm a little tongue tied.

Sure.

It's getting over this cold.

Yeah.

Uh, that's on Stitcher premium.

Stitcher premium.

A new season coming out very soon.

Oh, very good.

Hopefully not June 7th.

There's a lot going on in entertainment that day.

No, no, no.

I'll be listening to Beyonce's new album.

Okay.

Um, I want to plug, uh, we're doing a live comedy bang bang at Clusterfest up in San Francisco, uh, June, uh, the weekend of June, uh, 21 through 23.

So grab, uh, some tickets to that.

I'm also doing a live, are you talking REM?

Remi.

All right.

And we have a remix here.

Uh, let's close up the old plug bag.

Uh, don't let any air in.

Okay.

Interesting.

That was a Eastman presser who has done some remix of our plug bag themes before he just remixed that.

That's a, I don't know.

I can't tell if I like the original, the first version we may go back and forth.

I don't know.

What do you guys think?

Sloppy boys, you're professional musicians.

I liked that one.

Um, I thought it was nice and sloppy for us, but I imagine, uh, Mr.

Facilius here.

Yeah.

There was no tra la la.

Yes.

I have a new version.

Tra la la, tra la la.

Okay.

All right.

Well, uh, thanks to, uh, thanks to him for remixing that, uh, Eastman presser.

Thanks to him.

And, uh, guys, we're, uh, just about out of time, but, uh, sloppy boys, you can play another song before we go.

Can't you?

Tonight.

Yes.

We'll be off the new record.

What is this song you're going to play called the bands, the bands?

Well, I want to thank everyone here.

Uh, John, so good to see you.

Great seeing you.

Please come back when you're not so ill.

Of course.

I'll have more stuff to do too.

Maybe I'll bring that guitar.

I'm always talking about.

Please do the one with the skeleton fingers.

Yeah.

We got to get some strings out and I'll sing you some new songs from that seven foot tall Ringo.

Um, maybe he has it under his trench coat.

That's where he's been hiding.

All right.

Sloppy boys.

Uh, let's hear this.

What's this one called?

The band, the bands.

All right.

Sloppy boys.

Uh, take it away.

Two, two, two, two.

My life's been sucked.

Yeah, they really sucked.

Oh, they really sucked.

And I got a little secret.

Yeah, I got a little secret.

This band sucks too.

Oh, what did we do?

What did we do?

What have we done?

Where did we go wrong?

Was it the chords?

Is it the chords?

Did we choose the wrong chords for our song?

Because we're trying to hide it, but we can't deny it.

This band sucks too.

Who, who, this band sucks too.

This band sucks too.

Who, who, this band sucks too.

If you're ever in a band, I wish you luck.

Because being a good band, yeah, it's really tough.

And in the case of me, it's too late for me.

I'm fucked.

This band sucks too.

Who, who, this band sucks too.

This band sucks too.

Who, who, this band sucks too.

This band sucks too.

Oh, yeah.

All right, guys.

Very good.

Thanks.

All right, we'll see you next time.

Thanks, bye.

We'll see you next time. Thanks, bye.

Yeah.
