---
layout: page
title: 604. Seth Green, Carl Tart, Jon Daly, Gil Ozeri [https：⧸⧸cloudfront.wolfpub.io⧸CBB-604-20190531-Green-RCv01-PW.mp3].mp3.wav
category: cbb 
---

♪♪♪ If you or a loved one has been diagnosed with Blink-182, you may be entitled to financial compensation.

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

Huh, thanks to Shitty Butthole for that catchphrase.

I tell you, these things get worse and worse.

I think people name themselves these things on the message boards in order to just make me say them out loud.

But Shitty Butthole, thanks so much for that catchphrase submission.

Appreciate that. Keep them coming.

And welcome to Comedy Bang Bang for another week.

Very excited. Coming up a little later on the show, we have an entrepreneur.

Oh my gosh. In a long lineage of entrepreneurs on this show, hopefully this one will stand out.

We also have a couple of musicians and songwriters that'll be coming up a little later.

And I do want to say that as is traditional at the beginning of June, dads and grads season.

Look, have at it. Dads, grads, do whatever you want.

You know, have fun with it. Like, this is your month.

I will say, July 1st, knock it the fuck off.

All right, dads and grads, I see you guys like it's a year round thing now.

It's fine now. It's fine. You can do whatever you like.

Dads and grads, this is your month.

But come 30 or so more days, get the fuck out.

GTFO is what I have to say.

Anyway, I'm going to talk to someone now who we're asking to get the fuck in to this program.

He's never been on the show before, which is very exciting.

In fact, we were trying to ascertain whether or not we had met before.

And I don't believe we ever came down on either side of the equation.

You know him from such first of all, he's a film actor from such films as Camp I mean Love.

We have he was my castmate in Austin Powers Gold Member.

He had a much more significant part than I. So many great films.

Rat Race, big fan of that movie.

And then he also is a wonderful co-creator and executive producer and sometime director of the show Robot Chicken.

Three time Emmy Award winner, which is amazing.

Please welcome for the first time to the show, Seth Green.

Hello.

Yeah, I'm here.

And you were so professional. Not saying anything.

I kept glancing over you like you could like chime in if you wanted to.

But you're a pro.

It's like a hot game of double dutch. You just want the right opportunity to jump in.

Jump in, get in, get in.

Yeah.

Seth, so nice to, I guess, first of all, of course, have you on the show, but I guess meet you.

Yeah, me too.

It's what a wonderful privilege to actually meet.

That's really that's the where the real privileges is in the meeting to be on the show.

I can be a casual observer at a distance and I appreciate that you're familiar with me at a distance.

But now we've made contact and anything that comes next is inevitable.

We're trying to bridge the divide between us.

And what I like about it is it is narrowed to such a degree that we are right next to each other at this point in time.

Yeah. Not quite touching, you know, not not close enough to really not.

Not really. I wonder if we could if we tried to.

I don't think I'm going to try to, but I wonder if we could.

Yeah, we maybe could.

But let's leave it to the imagination.

Yes, exactly.

But this is the closest we probably have ever been in proximity on this earth.

Yeah, the anticipation of it, I think, is more exciting than anything that could actually happen.

And we'll see, you know, and you'll have to tune in next week to find out the intriguing answer to this question, whether we touch when we say our goodbyes.

Let's not know.

We'll see. We'll see.

I'm not going to make any choices right now.

I will let the listener know and remind me if I don't at the top of next week's show that if we touched or not.

And Seth, you are here primarily for the purpose of promoting your new movie, which I believe is called Changeland.

It is.

And that's one word.

It is.

It's a lot like Changeling.

Remember the Angelina Jolie movie?

I do. Or the George C. Scott movie from the 70s.

Right. And any relation to either of those?

Is it like a cross between those two movies?

To the George C. Scott movie.

I feel like a horrific ghost story about a dead kid and a paranormal investigator is a perfect parallel for this film about, you know, mid 30s self discovery.

George C. Scott, what's the deal with the C?

I don't know.

You know what I mean?

He's a guy.

He's got two first names.

Is it a Connor?

Is he Carter?

Is it Charles?

Maybe it's Craig.

Or maybe he has a last name as his middle name.

Maybe it's like Constantine.

Oh, you know what?

It's actually Corinthian.

That's what I heard.

Oh, you do know.

His parents were devoutly religious.

Speaking of devoutly religious, this is a religious film of sorts.

Yeah.

In the sense of all films, the materials in which we make them come to us from God.

Absolutely.

Yes, I've the tagline for this film is it's divine.

Now, tell us about Changeland.

Straight from the mouth of God.

Changeland comes out this Friday, June 7th.

We're talking theaters.

We're talking VOD.

Yeah.

We're talking, what do we have, like iTunes?

iTunes, yeah.

It was actually really important for me, for people to be able to see the movie.

And personally, I have a difficult time getting out to theaters, especially for something other than a particular type of film.

And so.

Which type of film is that?

This is usually a big event movie or I get to go to premieres that friends of mine have made or movies that they're in.

And that tends to be the only time I get out.

And what are we talking?

We talking once a month, once a week, once every three months.

What?

Quarterly.

At least once a month.

But I wind up seeing a lot of movies.

But I've noticed in the last several years, the more the bulk of movies I see are at home.

Right.

Because they've brought that big screen experience to our small screens, haven't they?

Well, yeah.

Technology is such that, you know, big TVs and good sound systems are inexpensive.

How big is your TV, Seth?

70,000 inches.

It is an entire wall.

I'm like the Netflix lobby with these massive LCD screens.

Oh, that Netflix lobby.

I got to tell you, that is one of the most impressive lobbies of all time.

Yeah.

They're like, hey, we're Netflix, Netflix, go fuck yourself.

Yeah, we can do this with our lobby.

If you want to come in, you can't get past this turnstile.

We have.

First of all, we have a lot of listeners, I would assume, who have not been to the Netflix lobby because they're not as lucky as you and I.

It's not really a public place.

It's not.

But so to describe it, they have an entire, I guess, two walls of it are are they look like just a regular wall, but then it starts moving around and it's giant television screens.

It's like living in Black Mirror.

At one point, it's wallpaper.

And the next minute, it's a huge advertisement for one of their shows.

Yeah.

It's like when Daredevil was on there, it was Hell's Kitchen.

And then suddenly you would see Daredevil, like springing from rooftop to rooftop.

Old Hornhead himself.

It's really convincing.

Um, that guy's got batons.

So it was important for you to get it out there to the people, but it is in theaters because that's, uh, in my opinion, that is where the true cinematic experience lies.

I agree.

I mean, I love a big screen and a great sound system and I love getting to share something with an audience.

And to that end, I definitely feel like this movie is something that you share.

I like to hear an audience.

I'll turn to my left.

I'll turn to my right.

And if, and if they are saying ha ha ha ha, that is the sign of a good comedy to me.

Yeah.

Do you agree with that?

Yeah.

Like actually round in a roundabout way, like not all of the details of that, but do you find that generally with that statement is something you agree with?

Yeah.

I can tell when someone's really enjoying something.

Cause they say explicitly ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha.

That to me is the mark of a good comedy.

Yeah.

That's the bar.

So you, your film, uh, and it is a comedy.

Can we agree on that?

Uh, mostly, I mean, there's definitely comedic parts about it, but it's very hard to have even in comedies.

What's the funniest comedy you've ever seen?

Uh, maybe top secret, top secret, right?

Uh, uh, Val Kilmer, uh, the, uh, the gentleman, the Abrams Abrams brothers, right?

No.

Yes.

Uh, they made top secret now.

Even top secret, the funniest movie of all time is going to have lines that are not funny in it.

Right.

Like, like, uh, like, Hey, go get on that train.

Well, this way, sir.

Yeah, exactly.

You know, like you gotta have like, if you truly wanted to make a comedic movie where every single line was fun, I don't think you could even do it.

Could you?

Me personally.

I don't, I don't know.

I'd probably employ a large team of funnier people.

I would like to see if that was even possible for it, make it a television show, a movie, whatever it is, where every line was, was it punchline to mathematically, it would take an impressive room.

Um, so most movies, uh, by their very nature are some comedy, some drama, uh, uh, or at least just boring lines, but yours is, uh, uh, uh, a lot of comedy, but also, uh, uh, uh, touching and meaningful.

Well, tell you what, why am I even talking about this?

You talk about it.

What is this about?

I love hearing you hypothesize about what the movie could be.

It's um, a guy who hasn't seen it trying to figure out, no, thanks for that.

I that's, that's probably what the rest of the audience is going to be like.

Um, it's a, it's a story of, I play a character who prepaid a second honeymoon for a failing marriage and on the eve of surprising his wife, discovered she's been having a lengthy affair.

And instead of confronting her, he gathers his old best friend to take the trip with them to figure out what to do.

And along the way, they have an incredible adventure and sort of, you know, figure out their lives.

And this is in a, you shot primarily in Thailand from what I understand.

I did.

I actually went to Thailand with a friend of mine on vacation and everything that happened to us, you know, from people mistaking us from, uh, for a honeymooning couple to just getting to do the things that tourists do there, everything felt like a movie.

So I started writing a movie around it.

I think life generally feels like a movie.

If you're living life correctly.

It can with a three X structure.

Yeah, exactly.

You know?

Um, I think that's how I like to live my life.

It's like, like the world's most interesting biopic.

Yeah.

And whenever I meet new people, I'm like, Hmm, what is this character's purpose in this story?

And I like everyone who enters a room to be like giving me their full name and their relationship to me well drawn in every conversation complete.

I like for them to experience an arc over the course of our friendship as well.

Exactly.

You're like, why should I be the only person with an arc?

They should have an emotional arc as well.

I'm not going to take this on all my life.

So there should be surprises and twists and turns.

That's that's if you're living life, right.

Live it like a biopic.

Yeah.

Some, some scattered special effects and the occasional R rating.

Who was this friend you went to Thailand with originally?

Uh, he was actually a segment producer for a Conan O'Brien named Dan Ferguson.

Dan Ferguson.

Okay.

I think I do.

Yes.

A lot of people in the world actually know Dan.

He's a, he's a great guy and a fantastic, he's, he and I have gone on a lot of vacations together.

Were the circumstances, uh, did they similarly line up or was it just purely a trip that you took with your friend?

Uh, Dan and I had made a habit of taking exotic trips.

We'd been to Europe together and we'd, uh, uh, gone to some other places.

What was the first trip that you took and what, and how did you bring it up to each other of like, what if we went on a trip together?

It's funny.

We, uh, I was a guest on Conan several times and Dan and I did the pre-interview together.

And by the third time I did the show, he was like, do you want to just grab dinner?

And so we started making that our habit, like went out to dinner and did our pre-interview like that.

And then we had so much in common.

We just became really good friends.

And, uh, he was like, I've been thinking about going to Amsterdam and maybe checking out, you know, Belgium.

You interested in that?

I was like, yeah, let's go.

Wow.

That was how it started.

Just let's go.

That is so crazy that you talk to people below the line.

I think, well, you know, you got to give back when you're blessed.

Like you are with such an amazing career.

Hashtag blessed.

Um, no, that's such, and so, and then you guys just went to Amsterdam where either of you, uh, uh, did you have significant others at the time?

Uh, did I say others?

Others?

Yeah.

Um, I think that's correct.

So that's what they prefer to be called.

Um, at the time that we went to Thailand, I had just started dating, uh, uh, my wife, but we, we were two years from getting married.

Okay.

So, but, so it wasn't weird at the time of like, Hey, I'm going to go to Amsterdam with this dude.

No, no, it wasn't like that at all.

Right.

Yeah.

And the emotional circumstances of the movie don't directly correlate to my life but I used a lot of either experiences that I'd had or things that people had told me to tell the story of the characters.

Oh, well, and we'll get to the movie.

I'm just more fascinated by your relationship with Dan.

Sure.

Um, so most people are.

So the second time then was that you took a trip together.

Was it a year later?

Was it two years later?

I'm not sure how far away it was, but we went across Europe and we followed this pop festival and we saw a bunch of bands in a couple of different countries.

Which bands are we talking about?

Uh, it was the Raconteurs and Beck and Radiohead.

Like it was a pretty concert.

So I can understand going to that.

It's like, I can understand anyone going to Coachella, but like going to Coachella every day for a summer?

I wasn't, it was more than we were, we wanted to check out a bunch of places in Europe and we figured out that this pop festival was traveling at kind of the same pace.

And so we just made a point of checking out the shows.

And so you would go to these places in Europe, spend the day sightseeing.

Yeah.

And then at night going to see Radiohead or Beck or the Raconteurs.

Pretty much.

Interesting.

Yeah.

And would you share travel expenses with those bands as well?

Were you traveling on the bus?

Well, this is actually the truth.

When we were in a hotel in, um, it might've been in Norway, we ran into Jack White and Jack White grew up in Ohio and knew me as the Cha-Ching guy from a series of commercials I did when I was a teenager.

And we wound up- Can you reenact any of these, any of the lines from that or- The Cha-Ching guy?

Oh, I said, uh, yeah, yeah, Cha-Ching.

That's solid.

This is pretty much the Bart Simpson catchphrase of the whole thing.

People were like, I have a problem.

My, my, my, uh, my child is dying.

And I would say, ah, Cha-Ching.

My child is dying?

Yeah.

And you would say Cha-Ching?

Very progressive commercials at the time.

What kind of lunatic character is this?

Sort of an ironic sales pitch for hamburgers.

I understand.

So, uh, uh, he sees you as the Cha-Ching guy and what does he say?

Does he say, Hey, get on the bus or- Not exactly, but we were going to the show, so they just invited us to come in with them.

And then we wound up hanging out backstage and wound up getting to meet other people and even wound up traveling with the Dresden dolls, like in the most insane of circumstances.

They were in a tiny van.

Well, there's only two of them.

Exactly.

But they had all their equipment and bags as well.

Oh, okay.

And we had- That's a big drum set.

It is pretty big.

And a grand piano.

Yeah, well, it was on the roof, thank God.

Oh, okay.

But we hitched a ride with them from one European city to another.

Crazy.

And I know the whole time they were like, how did we get these two hitchhikers to this car?

And why- did they invite you or did Jack White say, Hey, Dresden dolls, these guys are going with you?

I don't exactly remember, but everyone had seen each other over several days of going to different things.

And no one thought it was weird that you two are not connected to the festival.

You're not appearing at the festival.

You're just like hanging.

Yeah.

It was at a time in my life where no one was surprised to see me at places.

And I actually got attacked by one of the guys from Snow Patrol.

Which guy?

Gary, I guess.

And he wanted- Lightbody?

Yeah.

He wanted to wrestle me.

He just sort of attacked me around my waist and was like, yeah, we're on the ground now.

I don't know.

I wound up giving him a pair of socks.

Like it was a complicated relationship.

This is the movie.

Look, Changeland is great.

Out in theaters this Friday.

But this is the movie.

I know.

Can we get all these bands together?

Maybe.

Or maybe- I'm not talking about fictionalized versions of these bands.

I want these particular bands all together.

I want the dress and dolls to reunite for this.

You got it.

I'll make some calls.

That'll be the sequel, of course, Changeland 2.

We're going around Europe with the bands.

So that was the second trip you took.

At that point, it was like, look, we took a trip together.

It's not- And you were with your girlfriend, not yet your wife.

No, no, we hadn't even started.

When Dan and I were in Europe, we hadn't- Claire and I hadn't even started dating.

You hadn't even started dating.

OK, so still not weird that you're going around Europe, not with your significant other, but with a buddy.

Yeah, we were both- Dan and I were both single, so we did a bunch of traveling together.

OK.

So then at what point is it like a thing when you started seeing your wife where you're like, oh, by the way, I go on trips with Dan and you're not invited?

Well, this trip I had booked several months in advance because Dan and I, it was almost a five week trip and we started in- Five weeks?

It was huge.

Yeah, we started in Amsterdam.

We spent two weeks in Africa.

We went to Dubai and then we went to Thailand and then we went from Thailand to Micronesia and Palau.

Amazing.

It was pretty great.

So you had booked this months in advance when you say that meeting before you had started dating?

Yeah.

Oh, OK.

Yeah, but by the time I got to Africa, I had missed my girlfriend so much that I invited her to join us in Palau a couple weeks later.

And she turned you down or she- No, she came.

She accepted.

Yeah, it was great.

That's very nice.

And then we all spent a couple of days in Palau and this tiny Micronesian island called Yap where they still exchange stone money.

Stone money.

I mean, it sounds, you know, archaic maybe to us, but I mean, in a sense, money is just paper.

It's just an idea.

It's an idea invented by the government to make us think that we're all broke.

It's just a construct like time.

Yeah, exactly.

And it makes it a lot easier to rob somebody because the money weighs several tons.

So you leave it on the bank of your house and that's your bank.

Between four and six thousand pounds.

Yeah.

No one can pick it up.

Nope.

So this was the trip that, the trip to Thailand part of it was the one that inspired you to write this film.

That's true.

Yeah.

We went to Thailand and everything that happened, I was like, we're living in a movie.

So I just started writing it down.

You were writing it as you were- Yeah, I was essentially location scouting while we were there and trying to figure out what a story, what kind of, what would be a compelling movie.

What's the inciting incident?

What's the act one break?

What's the act two break?

What is the crisis of the soul that happens at the end of act two?

Well, and also I grew up loving, you know, Steven Soderbergh movies and I love really simple movies just about life.

And I can't remember if Sideways had come out yet or not, but I found that to be really inspirational.

Even something like Garden State, which is just sort of about people going through something relatable in a funny or compelling cinematic.

I like movies like that.

I like, there's one that came out recently where Captain America was going through something similar and- Where he's fighting with his bro.

Yeah.

There was this guy who gathered all these rocks and speaking of rocks.

Right.

Anyway, it was a movie a lot like what you're talking about, but- Yeah, it's almost identical.

So you wrote this, this sounds like this trip was a while ago.

Did you, pardon me, pardon me.

Did you write the script and then it took a while to get made or did you finish it recently or- Yeah.

I picked it up and put it down a lot of times based on other stuff that was happening.

When you talk about, you mean your computer.

You picked it up, put it down.

Yeah.

I love to physically remove my computer from my lap and slam it down on the ground, which also means you got to go to the store and get a new computer.

Of course.

Yeah.

Who won your Seth Green with that Family Guy money?

Yeah.

I can convince them that this is an insurable item.

Yeah, exactly.

Yeah.

You're not paying for it.

Fist prints in the cover of it.

That's something that happened naturally.

Yeah.

It just took me a while to- I wrote six completely different drafts of it just over several years.

And then it wasn't until that last round that I thought, oh, this is something that I could actually get financed.

So how long were you in Thailand?

How long did you shoot?

Well, on that original trip, we were only there for three or four nights.

But for shooting the movie, though, how long?

I was there for about three months.

I had five weeks of prep because we had a great production team and it was a complicated movie to shoot.

I can imagine you can't do a lot of prep here in the States because you don't know what you're doing yet.

You got to go over there and take a look at it.

It was everything from location scouting to securing locations to local casting and just meeting all the people.

Our crew was almost 90% local Thai people or Thai people from Bangkok or other Thai cities.

Wow.

Amazing.

So this is a real authentic film here.

It is.

I hope it's a very organic look at Thailand and everything that the characters do in the movie is something that my friend Dan and I did in real life and something that anyone who watches it can go experience for themselves.

You ever see that movie Dan in real life?

Yeah.

Is it sort of like that then?

It is exactly.

This is kind of a shot for shot remake of that.

Laying down on the stack of pancakes?

Yeah.

I've always looked at Gus Van Sant as an influence and what he did with Psycho.

I just thought that is groundbreaking.

And if I could do one thing in my life, it's completely remake Dan in real life.

How many reels we talking?

15.

15 reels.

So this is a real long one.

It's probably like five reels.

The movie is a tight 90 minutes.

Tight 90.

Okay, we're talking five reels then.

And Breckenmeyer, your co-star in so many of your projects as well as another one of the people that you do Robot Chicken with, he is the co-star of the film as well.

Yeah.

Well, when you set out to direct a movie, there's going to be all kinds of obstacles and complications.

And the more you can stack the deck in your favor with an excellent cast and superior talent in every category, the better a chance you have of succeeding.

Fantastic.

So this is Changeland.

It is in theaters.

June 7th.

How many cities are we talking?

It's a 10 city limited engagement.

That's the way to do it.

No more than 10.

Yeah, but it's on the cable on demand all across the nation.

Anyone internationally as well, or is it just here in the States?

We're still working on the international distribution.

It'll probably come a little bit later.

Okay.

All right.

So if you're outside of the United States, fuck you.

Yeah, good luck with that.

You did not get to see this film.

Well, not at the same date, but.

You've just wasted 20 minutes of your life listening to two people talk about a film you'll never get to see.

Well, it's on iTunes.

That's international, isn't it?

I guess so.

Although it may be region locked.

Anyway, we'll work out all this.

I'll be sending flash drives to North Korea.

Don't worry.

That's another thing I'll talk about at the top of next week's, whether it's region locked or not.

And that's very exciting.

This is your first time writing a film.

First time directing.

Yeah.

Incredible.

Congratulations.

Thanks.

This is an exciting time in life.

Yeah.

So do you have your tuxedo lined up for the Oscars or what's going on with it?

Oh, yeah.

Yeah, I've already got the car organ.

I'm expecting all of the awards for this.

The black tux.com.

They'll take care.

I know they haven't sponsored us here in a while, but I'll give them a little shout out, but they'll sweet.

They'll take care of you if you, uh, you know, need something.

I appreciate that.

I've been displaying their bumper sticker for years and they've yet to come through for me.

Displaying it on your car.

No, I keep expecting their street team to find me.

Yeah, really find the black tux.com.

Come on.

Seth's here.

He wants a free tux.

Yeah.

What's the deal, guys?

I mean, he wants a free rental of a tux.

You don't want to keep the tux.

Who wants to keep a tux in your house?

I don't keep anything.

I like to consider myself materialistic.

I know they're not a sponsor right now and they haven't sponsored in months, but that's what I like about the black tux.com.

You don't have to keep a tux in your house.

I appreciate you trying to re-recruit old sponsors.

It's like, come on guys.

I'm here.

We need some.

We were so good together.

I love talking about you.

Back when you were sponsoring the show.

Oh my gosh.

So inspired.

But that is the best part about it is like you're sitting around.

You're like, God, I would love to wear a tux, but I don't want to keep one in my house.

Yeah.

I don't have that kind of rack space.

I don't have, look, I don't have like, I have a walk-in closet.

Of course.

I don't have a major, like, you know, that's where I grow my weed.

I'm not gonna put clothes there.

Exactly.

All right, Seth.

Congratulations.

Changeland comes out.

Do you call it Changeland or Changeland?

Changeland, but Macaulay Culkin calls it Changeland.

He's in the film as well.

That's exciting.

Yeah.

Had you worked with him before?

Yeah.

We got to make a movie in the early 2000s called Party Monster about a true story in New York nightlife and then we've been friends ever since.

That's great.

Fantastic.

I cannot wait to see this film.

I mean, I did wait because I got a link to it this morning, but it was busy this morning.

Yeah, days are busy.

So, but this Friday, everyone can see it within the US and that's very exciting.

Congratulations to you.

Now, can you stick around because we have some other interesting people that we want to talk to as well.

I'd love to meet them.

You know, a lot of times on the show, we talk to people who are in the arts and that is you and I certainly, maybe you a little more than I.

But we also like to talk to people who from all walks of life who have sometimes they have businesses that they have started to run.

And our next guest is certainly amongst those.

Please welcome to the show, entrepreneur Trombone Shitty.

Hey, Scott baby.

How are you?

I'm really good.

How are you Scott?

I'm I'm very good.

This is Seth Green.

Hey, Seth baby.

How you doing?

I'm good.

Are you from Louisiana?

Yes, sir.

How wonderful.

Louisiana.

It's an important role.

Scott and Seth baby.

Thank you so much.

Good to see you both.

Trombone Shitty.

What an interesting name.

Oh, yeah.

Is that a family name?

That's a family name.

Yes, sir.

Which part is the family name?

The Trombone.

Okay, so who's your mom?

Trombone Martha.

The Trombone Martha.

Very good.

And so she I guess what I what I was wondering is the shitty part of it.

Is that your Christian name or is it was that a stage name?

Well, we Catholic in New Orleans, but I don't live there.

You don't live there.

So are you Catholic?

I live I'm from Trombone, Paris.

You're from Trombone, Paris.

Yeah.

Ooh, la la.

Is that a place you've been to Seth?

I've never been to Trombone, but I have been a couple of cities in Paris.

Oh, yeah.

Which one?

What are we talking Paris?

Probably.

Yeah.

You ever see that Eiffel Tower?

The Eiffel Tower?

It's this like triangular structure, but it's I mean, I call it triangular.

It's not a pyramid because I believe it has four sides to it, but it meets at the top in sort of a point.

It's not sharp, though.

So it's like if you're flying a plane, you shouldn't worry about like, you know, the plane like getting caught on it or anything like that.

So anyway, I'll show you a picture.

I won't do it later.

Don't fly your plane over over the Eiffel Tower.

You set that plane right on top of there to go right up the plane booty.

It would be interesting to see a plane like I'm miming right now.

So check out my space work, but to do like a just a flying up towards the sun and then running out of gas and then just like coming right back down on Eiffel Tower and the Eiffel Tower going right up the plane booty hole.

It would be a great pilot to stick that vertical landing.

Oh, yeah.

Amazing.

Only a Captain Sully Sullenberger could do that, I would imagine.

Oh, Sully, I love that movie.

You like Sully?

Yeah, when all the people take over the plane before it gets to the World Trade Center.

I don't think that's the one you're thinking of.

No.

So what, Trumbo and Shitty, what?

Tell us why you're here.

What is your business?

I came to sell you a car, Scott, baby.

I heard you in the market.

Sure, I could be in the market.

What kind of cars do you sell?

OK, got 22,000 miles on it.

OK, I mean, that's not the worst.

Not too bad.

These are pre-owned cars?

Pre-owned, baby.

Somebody already owned them.

They gave them back.

These have been returned after 22,000 miles?

You keep your receipt, you get to bring the car back to Trumbo and Shitty.

Sounds like you're saying Trumbo and Shitty, by the way, which I think there would be a lot of confusion if people were to show up to Trumbo and Shitty expecting musical instruments.

That's what my car lot is called.

OK, Trumbo and Shitty.

Trumbo and Shitty, made by Trumbo and Shitty.

OK, and do people show up with their children who have just started junior high and they're getting into band or whatever, expecting musical instruments?

Expecting musical instruments and they leave with a car.

And then they come back with the cars 22,000 miles later.

Yeah, because they realize you can't play them in the middle school band.

You can only drive them.

Where's this car lot located?

In Trumbo and Parish.

In Trumbo and Parish, wow.

So what are you doing out here in town?

Trumbo and Parish, Louisiana.

Trumbo and Parish?

Yes.

OK, I am misunderstanding what you're saying today.

I think it's just I'm unaccustomed to the Creole accent.

No?

You don't know?

I mean, I know what it is.

Oh, Scott, don't do me like that, baby.

I know you like to make fun of people on your show.

I didn't know that's not what I do.

Don't go.

Don't make fun of me, Scott.

That's not what I do.

I don't like to make fun of people.

You're prepared for exactly that.

You know, Seth knows.

Seth, baby, knows you like to make fun of people on your show.

Scott, don't make fun of me.

You don't know that, do you?

I mean, Seth, baby, has heard that and I was definitely concerned that might be the case.

Oh, Seth, baby.

So, baby, I got to call for your 22,000 miles air conditioner, radio, AM, FM, CD player, auxiliary cord.

What kind of car is it, though?

Like you haven't mentioned a brand name.

2007 Hyundai Accord, baby.

No motor in it.

No motor in it?

No.

Where'd the motor go?

You got to get that yourself, Scott, baby.

Okay, so it's a little holocaracle.

So the person brought it back without the motor?

Mm-hmm.

Okay, what happened to the motor?

They just left it somewhere?

They said they took it out.

They said they didn't like the way it sounded.

And you were fine with that as they had their receipt.

They had their receipt, baby.

Bring it right back.

That's how you do business, Scott, baby.

Seth, baby, are you interested in this vehicle?

I mean, he says he has it all picked out for you.

Well, Scott, baby, I've always felt like if I could have a pedal car, I'd be able to keep my thighs in shape, so I'd at least consider it.

See that?

Look at that.

Scott, baby, want it.

Seth, baby, want it.

This is akin to...

You say pedal.

Is it...

Are the wheels attached to pedals or is it like the Flintstones where, you know, you're putting your feet down there on the ground?

It's like the Flintstones, baby.

You got to put your feet right out of the bottom and just keep on rolling.

Les ellez vont en roulette.

Yeah, a car without an engine certainly sounds like it would break down less often than a car with an engine.

That's true.

I mean, if you injure your foot, maybe, you know, then it would break down.

That's on you.

That's on you, baby.

That's your problem.

Needs some solid health care.

As long as you keep your receipt, maybe you got to bring it back.

So and all these cars are in Louisiana.

How would we get...

If Seth were interested in it, how would we make the transaction here?

I'd bring it right to you.

You would bring...

Oh, so you deliver.

You give me the money, co-hoc cash right now.

Scott, baby, I bring the car right to you.

So I brought this one outside.

It's parked right outside.

Just two, Joe.

You brought a car here with you.

What kind of car is this?

This is the one I just telling you about.

Oh, OK.

So you have this one here.

OK.

Honda Accord 2001.

2007.

Sorry.

So 12 years old, only 22,000 miles on it.

Yeah, see.

When were the miles put on?

Over the course of the 12 years or recently?

I count the miles and how many times...

How many foot pedals people had to use to get it back and forth from my shop to their house.

So what does the odometer say?

22,000.

But I turned it to that.

It don't change.

What did it say?

It don't change out of that.

What did it say?

I'll give it a 70,000.

OK, so this is where we're...

When you take a motor out of the car, Scott, baby, it recesses itself.

Scott, you ain't never had a new car before, baby?

I've never had a new car.

Oh, Seth, baby, you had a new car?

I have.

I had a new car, yeah.

See there?

That's what he just told you.

Two miles on it.

Ah, see?

It had two miles on it?

So someone took it around the block previous to you?

I guess so.

You ever think about that?

Who was that person?

I did.

I was like, who put these two miles on it and where did they go?

And they said, ah, some questions are better left unanswered.

Those are good song words.

If you had your receipt, you could have took it right back.

Got a new one.

I should have kept the receipt.

You should have took the motor out of it.

That recesses it right there.

Are you instructing everyone to take the motors out of these cars?

Take the motors out of your car.

Where should we put the motor?

In your backyard, hang it up by a tree.

Do whatever you want to with it.

Oh, like an art installation.

Yeah.

Or motorize the tree.

Motorize the tree.

You can take the tree somewhere if you want to.

You are blowing my mind right now.

Motorize trees.

Make a canoe.

I'm sure somewhere the Keebler elves have figured out this technology.

Wow.

Do you think the Keebler elves, like, and this is a serious question.

Yeah.

Do you really think the Keebler elves' houses are on wheels and they're driving them around through a forest?

It just seems like trees are their primary, you know.

It's their residence, but it didn't seem to me as if they were.

Keebler elves don't leave the tree.

They stay in it.

They go everywhere they need to do.

They go get their dough for their cookies and the tree.

So sort of like a food truck.

So everything for the Keebler elves needs to be like a drive-through for them?

Yeah.

So like the dough stores and everything?

The dough stores, everything.

They drive right up.

This is blowing my mind.

And they park it just like Seth babysit.

They park it like a food truck right outside of the club at night.

Wow.

And they sell their cookies.

This is incredible.

Who wants hot cookies?

So you're here to sell us cars or you're here to talk about your place?

What exactly is the purpose of you?

I'm here to talk about anything you want to talk about, Scott Vabia.

Well, we already talked about the Keebler elves.

We can talk about the Keebler elves.

We can talk about the cars.

We can talk about anything you want to.

But I have another car for you.

You have another car that you brought here?

22,000 miles.

Why the 22,000?

Why is everyone stopping?

Oh, that you're turning it back.

That's right.

OK.

Hold on now.

Don't accuse me.

And I didn't say I did.

I'm not accusing you of anything.

Scott Vabia accused you.

Come on, you're sure you accused people of doing things?

I don't make fun of people.

I don't accuse people of anything.

But I'm just, it's an established fact already that you turned these back.

This car got a motor in it.

Really?

OK.

What kind of car are we talking?

2007.

OK.

Honda Accord.

OK.

Are you just talking about the car you were talking about previously?

No, that car got a motor in it.

OK.

Yeah, I know.

This car got a motor in it.

OK.

2007.

All right.

Honda Accord.

Right.

22,000 miles.

OK.

Now this one ain't got no trunk.

It doesn't, wait, it doesn't have a trunk.

So you can't put stuff in it.

So what is it?

Put something in you got to put in the back seat.

Was it like chopped in half or something?

That's exactly what happened.

What was this?

I heard that's more aerodynamic.

Mm-hmm.

You go faster.

See, Seth's baby knows about cars.

As far as I can remember in my mental image of cars, and you ever notice when you have to picture something, it's very hard to?

Yeah.

But as far as I remember, cars, their back wheels are right there by those trunks.

Mm-hmm.

So.

Well, I had to push these forward.

So it's kind of like a Mini Cooper in a way?

In a way.

In what way?

It's a Mini Accord.

OK.

Not a Cooper.

So, OK.

I'm sorry.

Do you ever watch Hanging with Mr. Cooper?

Oh, once or twice.

Yeah.

Is that a favorite of yours?

That's one of my favorite shows.

What do you like about it?

I love how you can hang with Mr. Cooper.

Yeah.

It's right there in the title.

It felt like he just wanted to be his friend, you know?

It's a description and instructions at the same time.

Yeah.

Yeah, Seth's baby.

So yeah, I mean, a lot of people, when they would turn on that television program, they wouldn't actually take it as an imperative.

No.

Like go hanging with Mr. Cooper yourself.

People don't do that, but see, I'm smart, baby.

That's why I'm here right now.

You ever be on that show?

Hanging with Mr. Cooper?

You ever be on that show?

I never got to audition for that show.

Seth, baby, you never be on that show?

I could have sworn I see you on that show, baby.

You never even got an audition?

I didn't, no.

You weren't offer only at that point in your career?

You know, I actually like auditioning for stuff.

You like auditioning for stuff?

You know, the way that people imagine you is often different than you imagine yourself.

I guess so.

I can imagine like if you're trying to do something that is not primarily what you're known for, it would be, uh, like I would imagine, uh, did you audition for Buffy the Vampire Slayer?

I did.

So, and that, that was maybe a different side of you, uh, than had previously been seen with the Cha Ching guy.

Yeah.

And so that's a good thing to do to go out.

All of the big things that I'm known for from Austin Powers to Family Guy were all things that I auditioned for.

Really?

Yeah.

Well, Seth, baby, that's why I wanted to talk to you a little bit more today.

Oh, thanks.

So that's why you're here.

I need some commercials.

Okay.

I need some commercials for my car.

We're talking all 22,000 mile, 2007 Honda court specific, some with and without engines, some with and without trunks.

I wrote some scripts for us.

Oh yeah.

Do you mind if I, I'm going to be in them with you.

Okay.

Great.

Basically in this one.

Scott, baby, you can be in this one too.

Okay.

Great.

Yeah.

All right.

So wow.

You, so you Xeroxed three copies of this already.

Okay, great.

See, Seth baby is the star power we need.

Sure.

No, I understand.

But I'm used to doing read.

I mean, did you hear me talking about the black tux?

Yeah, I found that really impressive.

I mean, you know, I made it sound natural.

All that was scripted.

Oh, we don't recycle.

Okay.

All right.

So what, what parts do you want us to play?

What did you play?

The angry wife.

Angry wife.

Okay.

And Seth baby, you play the angry husband.

Okay.

It's an angry wife and an angry husband.

Yeah.

Cause this commercial is not going to be pleasant to watch.

Oh, it's going to be great.

Trust me, man.

So they fighting each other.

Okay.

Yeah.

I know that's right here in the stage direction.

Okay.

Are you ready?

All right.

Yeah.

What seems to be the problem?

Angry wife and angry husband.

We just can't agree on anything.

Did you call the police?

Yes, of course I called the police.

I'm sorry.

Is this, is this pronounced Alameda?

Yeah.

So we, we started on Alameda and she just has not stopped screaming and I want to buy a car.

And she says, I can't get a car unless it has no engine.

That's not really the issue here.

I mean, yes, of course I don't think you can buy a car because I don't think we can afford it, but I also just don't think that it's the right time in our lives for these cars.

This is really worrying.

I was just expecting these monologues.

All right.

Just about to get to my line.

All right.

Go ahead.

Okay.

Say your last line.

All right.

So I just don't think it's the right time in our lives for this.

I'm about to call the police on both of y'all.

You are the police.

Exactly.

And scene.

Okay.

That's great.

Can we just critique it though here?

Just a little bit.

Okay.

I don't have to take your notes.

You never mentioned the name of your business.

Right.

No, no character ever mentions the name of the business or the solution to, I guess, the problem between the angry wife and the angry husband being kind of like one of those ironic Skittles ads where you got to leave them on like the Skittles.

Well, let me ask you something, Seth, baby.

Every time you watch one of those Skittles ads, what you want to eat right after you see it.

Skittles.

Thank you, Seth.

Oh my God.

This guy's a genius.

All right.

I read these.

I brought you some.

All right.

Why'd you put this on pink paper?

You are because this one's the salmon revision.

This is a female century.

I only read the golden rod guys.

Salmon's a little below me.

So you two are two lady friends who play p-knuckle together, but you're both angry.

Okay.

So which one am I in?

Which one is angry?

P-knuckle lady one.

Oh, maybe angry p-knuckle lady two.

Sorry that you're number two.

I think maybe we should switch.

I don't know.

I feel weird being number one.

And I mean, he's obviously, he says, bring the star power.

Number two has the longer monologues.

Oh, okay.

Yeah.

That is a long monologue.

I have to say, I hope you're prepared for the, do you want to read it for a second or are you good at cold reading or reading?

Although I do see this thing about incest and I don't understand what that has to do with it.

I really need to hit that right there.

I need you to hit that hard.

Okay.

This is a long script by the way.

Do you expect this commercial to be 10 minutes long?

This is like a short film.

I don't know.

Yeah.

This is okay.

It's we read the short version right here, baby.

And then, uh, we let the good times roll.

Okay.

You already?

All right.

Remember to hit that incest part hard.

I will.

All right.

Here we go.

Okay.

Can I get another card please?

I'm not going to play Pinochle with you anymore until I go to a therapist and work out all of my trauma from having been molested.

You've never told me about this and I'm your best friend.

You know, things are just coming out over the course of playing cards.

I'm not interested though.

I'm gonna call the police on both of y'all.

You are the police.

That's great.

Yeah.

Okay.

Again, again, I don't know how effective these are going to be.

Without ever mentioning, is this selling a car?

Listen, Scott, baby, don't make fun of me, baby.

Come on.

I don't do this.

I'm just trying to make a living for myself here.

We just want to make sure we give you the most effective sales pitch.

Yeah.

And that's when you bring the star power set, baby Scott, you bring the firepower.

I noticed the firepower.

That was the other thing.

Like I start, I pull out three AK 47s.

I just start shooting them in the air.

That's, I don't understand.

You ever heard of gunshot?

Of course I've heard a gunshot.

What was the first thing you wanted to do after you heard the gunshot?

Eats kettles.

I think you're right.

You're right.

All right.

Look, I also noticed you had your phone out the entire time you were filming us.

Yeah.

I'm going to put this one right on the internet.

Okay.

I don't know.

That's fair.

Dry run.

Wait, a dry run?

Yeah.

That's what we call that one because you're still holding the script.

Once you get off book, I'll refilm it.

Look, trombone shitty.

I wish you luck in your, in your business.

I mean, the Trump trombone, what is it called again?

Trombone trombone city in trombone, Paris, Louisiana.

You can get several Honda cords of all different styles and with various accoutrements.

Yeah.

Hey, you think the same is going all the way to just got no idea.

Okay.

Look, we have to take a break if that's okay.

Can you both stick around trombone shitty?

You can stay here.

If you have other cars, maybe our next guests, you can try to sell them.

And Seth, you can stick around as well.

I'm thinking I want to invest in this product.

Okay.

Well, coming up after the break, we have a couple of musicians and songwriters.

This is exciting.

So we'll be right back with more comedy bang bang after this.

Comedy bang bang.

We are here with Seth Green and Seth's movie.

Changeland opens this Friday, June 7th.

And my new Honda accord with no trunk.

Yeah, that's incredible.

Yeah.

Oh, thanks.

I made a commercial for it.

Oh, you did it.

Can I see it?

Yeah, absolutely.

Okay.

So I got some scripts here for y'all.

Wait, when you said you made the commercial, by the way, trombone shitty is here.

When you said you made the commercial, meaning you wrote the script for the commercial.

Yeah.

You're going to film us doing it.

Yeah.

All right.

Here we play.

All right.

So you don't play yourself in this.

Okay.

Seth, I'm wearing this dog costume.

Yeah.

Okay.

So you're a dog in this.

Okay.

Yeah.

Okay.

And you brought the costume for Seth here?

I brought the costume.

I hope it fit, baby.

So it's a little tight.

I think your character name is balls.

I dog, man.

Okay.

But you're just going to shoot me from like the chest up right now from the waist down.

Okay.

That's fair.

And then who do I play?

You play balls and cat woman.

Balls in cat woman.

Okay.

So I, and I noticed I have to talk here.

Is that what you don't mind, baby?

All right.

No problem.

Tuck it right there between your ties.

Yeah.

This is tough to do.

Tuck it between your ties.

Okay.

Great.

All right.

I think that's as much as I can hide of it.

Okay.

All right.

You ready?

I can still see some.

Sorry.

I mean, I just can't get rid of this.

And action.

Bark, bark, bark.

Go see Changeland.

I don't understand what you're, wait a minute.

You just spoke English.

What?

I'm balls out dog, man.

Bark, bark, bark.

Is this a little confusing, this dialogue?

Keep going.

You don't know.

Yeah.

Why is, why is he speaking in a combination of both English and dog language?

Because we got to let everybody understand it.

The move is for everybody.

Okay.

All right.

I understand.

Dogs, Americans.

So you're my dog, right?

Bark, bark.

And I've owned you for approximately 18 years?

Perfect.

Long enough for me to get my balls out.

This is beautiful.

So why do you suddenly want to see movies when you've never given any sort of indication that you can see the television screen or in mirrors?

Bark, bark.

I'm evolving.

Don't stand in my way.

Hey, I'm calling the police on both of y'all.

But you are the police.

And scene.

Okay.

Oh, that's why they sell so many tickets to your movie.

All right.

That's great.

Yeah.

I hope you can use that.

Oddly counter-programming, but I actually think I mentioned the movie.

If this were on YouTube, I think it would do okay.

Yeah.

YouTube is like that.

If you ever see a dog talking on anything, what's the first thing you want to do after you see it?

Eat Skittles?

Yeah.

In a movie theater, watching Changeland, baby.

All right.

Well, we need to get to our next guest.

And this is exciting because are you a music fan?

I mean, obviously you traveled around Europe seeing three particular bands or four.

I was like eight, but yes, I love music.

And one of the things that was really important to me while making this movie was the soundtrack.

Oh, really?

Who's on the soundtrack?

It's a bunch of bands.

I've got the XX and Albert Hammond Jr. and Coldplay, Gaultier, Otis Redding.

What about that dude who tackled you from Snow Patrol?

He represented on this?

I do not have Snow Patrol on this record.

You're on the ground now.

Yeah.

We're all on the ground.

This is happening.

Our bodies are touching and it's not the least fit sexual.

Can people purchase this soundtrack?

Is it?

It's on Spotify, but I'm actually working to put a vinyl out later this year.

That's incredible.

All right.

Well, Changeland soundtrack also out this Friday.

If you want to hear, I would say approximately 14 good songs.

Is that what we're talking about?

There's 11 on the Spotify playlist, but there'll be more on the vinyl and also will include Patrick Stump from Fall Out Boy did compose all the music.

Oh, he did?

And so we put his music on the vinyl as well.

Is that his first film that he's composed the music for?

I think it's the first full film.

He's done some composition before and he's just a brilliant musician.

Well, these guys are perking up at all this music talk and composing and they're sitting there, like lifting their fingers as if like I would.

I have something I'd love to interject.

Yeah, maybe we can call.

There are a couple of musicians and songwriters.

Please welcome to the show.

Hashtag song goals.

Hey, how's it going?

It's going great to be here.

Thank you for having us.

Yeah.

Thanks for having us.

Hashtag song goals.

That's the name of the band.

That's the name.

Oh, you guys are in a band together.

That's right.

Yeah.

We're in the, yeah.

That's Steven.

Yep.

And that's Jonathan.

Thank you so much for introducing each other.

That's so nice.

Well, you know, we like to help each other out.

We also have like on stage banter that's really tight.

Oh, as opposed to what you're doing right now?

Or is this part of the on stage?

Are you saying that this is bad banter?

Are you saying that that's bad?

I feel like we're on fire right now.

I was focusing on the tight part of it.

Yeah.

Oh, well, you know, we're loose because we're so put at ease by you.

Oh, great.

Well, welcome to the show.

Yeah.

It's I like to have a warm welcoming environment.

This is trombone shitty.

Hey, baby.

Hey, how you doing?

What's up?

Shitty.

What's up?

Trombone shitty.

Nice to meet you, baby.

Hey, Seth Green.

What's up?

Hey, I'm great.

Jonathan.

Is that what you said?

And Steven?

Jonathan and Steven.

I'm Jonathan.

Yeah.

Jonathan Tragg.

I'm Steven Road.

Jonathan Tragg and Steven Road.

That's right.

Is that R O A D like Road to Zanzibar?

Uh, yeah.

R O A D.

Yeah, that's my name.

Yeah.

Road to Zanzibar.

Road to Morocco.

Road to Lilliput.

Road to utopia.

Road to Moby Dick.

Sure.

All of them.

Got a lot of nicknames.

We've actually been collaborating for quite a few years.

Long time.

You have?

Yeah.

You're songwriters and band members.

We're songwriters.

We met in a support group called Dump Dads.

Dump Dads.

Both of our wives dumped us.

Oh, I'm so sorry.

That's, uh, you know, uh, Changeland has a person who's been dumped in it.

So, uh, yeah.

A guy who realizes his wife's been having a lengthy affair.

Well, then you know how we feel.

I walked in on my wife blowing a skater.

A skater?

A young guy.

Like an ice skater or a street skater?

No, like a street skater.

I can't blame her.

The guy was cute.

Yeah.

Are we talking four wheels or blades or whatever?

Four wheels.

On each skate?

Like a skateboard.

Oh, got it.

Got it.

I thought we were talking.

Skateboard.

Yeah.

A skateboard.

So he's, but he had four wheels on that, right?

Uh, I didn't see a skateboard.

I just, I just saw him.

His erect penis, I would imagine.

His slip-on Vans sneakers.

That's the best indicator.

Most of his penis was covered, if you know what I mean.

I don't know why you're being so cagey and euphemistic.

Would you want me to say it?

Sure.

Can I curse?

Yeah.

Okay.

She was giving him...

You see, you can't, you can't say it.

It was hard.

Don't say it.

These are...

Don't say it.

You don't have to relive that trauma.

Yeah.

Thank you.

Tough.

These are tough emotions.

I'm sorry to dredge this.

Don't self-trigger.

Anyway, she dumped me with his...

in her...

So while his penis was in her mouth, she said, I'm dumping you?

Well, she took it out to say, hey.

She did.

Okay.

Yeah.

And then did she immediately put it right back in?

I mean, how could you not?

Oh, baby.

Sounds like you were very impressed by this.

Well, he was a really hot guy, right?

Well, yeah, he was a really hot guy, a taut guy, a tan guy.

And you know, that was one of the reasons why we became hashtag...

Hashtag song goals.

Yeah.

Hashtag song goals.

After we met in the support group.

We were in a band before.

We met in the support group.

Of course, my wife, I was going through her phone sleazily.

And then I see a text from some YouTuber and I'm like, is this the YouTuber?

But then I walk into the room.

She's given him a blow job.

Okay.

So you're in the other room.

But there was one extra step with a phone text.

Okay.

So you're in the other room while this is happening?

She disappeared into the bedroom with this guy?

Yes.

She's got disguise.

Why is he texting her while they're having oral sex?

Well, it was probably an old text.

The text said, you know what the text said?

Come over and blow me.

Unbelievable.

So not old text as in like months old, but...

No, no, just like pretty...

About an hour old.

Now we can't get angry at the guys.

You know, these guys are hot.

They're hot.

And that's what we realized in the support group that maybe we needed to change.

Yeah.

And we were doing things that were a little bit dated.

And some of the music that we listened to needed to be updated.

And that's why we became hashtag song goals.

And what we do...

So wait, so you felt like the music that you were listening to...

We met in a dump pad support group.

We formed a band.

It didn't work out because it was called Oasis.

And it turns out there was another band called Oasis.

A fairly big band.

Well, they became really big while we were doing the band.

Oh, this is back in 1994?

A long time ago.

Oh, okay.

Long time ago.

But then we came out, we realized...

Everything we were doing was a little bit dated.

So we felt like, you know, in order to compete, we had to, you know, update stuff.

And that's when we became lyric updaters.

Yeah.

Lyric updaters.

Do you need an explanation?

Because it turned out our wives were young-a-philes.

They love these youngs.

What we do is we take old songs, okay?

Great songs.

And the music is all good.

But what we do is...

These are old great songs where the music is all good.

These are great songs that still play on the radio.

But the lyrics, the lyrics, they have something that could be...

Well, you know who's not listening to them?

Young people.

So something about the lyrics is dated.

Something about Jaws doesn't sit right with us.

It's not sitting right.

It bumps us.

Yeah, we get bumped.

We get bumped.

And so we change these songs.

We change the lyrics.

Like a lot like George Lucas comes and changes movies and makes them better and better.

Right.

Tweaks it and tweaks it until it's perfect.

And that's what we're doing here.

I think I understand.

Okay, so he only changes his own movies.

You're changing other people's songs.

But he could change any movie if anyone would let him.

Is it his movie once it's released?

He could change Changeland.

You ever think if George Lucas maybe did a pass on this movie in a couple of years?

I mean, I'd let him have his way with it.

Sure, why not?

Yeah.

So he's a love Thailand.

We also know the artists aren't going to do it themselves because a lot of them are lazy.

And what we want to do is we want to update these new songs for a new crowd.

And so we've done a few songs.

Do you have examples?

Yeah.

Oh, yeah.

We got tons of...

This is for the Halsey crowd.

This is for the Charlie XCX.

That's right.

People who are into young music.

Now we didn't go overboard.

You know, you try to notice it's a little bit subtle, but you got to try to notice the modernity.

So slight twinge of modernity to each of these songs, but they're mainly the same.

So with that caveat of you didn't want to go overboard.

That's right.

What are these examples?

So here's this song is by a guy.

All right.

One of our favorites, the melody is a classic.

Okay.

Song goals, lyric.

We update lyrics.

Yeah, we understand the premise.

Hashtag song goals.

This first song is by a man named Billy Joel.

All right.

Original song is called originally called piano man.

So here we go.

Me and Steven here are going to sing.

Are you singing?

We're going to sing them.

Here we go.

Jonathan, this, our version is called?

Art soundcloud man.

Okay.

Here we go.

One, two, three.

It's 2am on a Wednesday.

The Xanax head shuffle in.

There's a lit rapper sitting next to me pegging his Latinx girlfriend.

He says, bro, can you spit me a memory?

I'm not really sure how it flows, but it's mumbly and sad.

And I've known that it's bad since I wore Jenko brand clothes.

Word, word, word, word, word up.

Word, word up.

Oh, rap us a song.

You're the soundcloud man.

Rap us a song tonight cause we're all in the mood for a cool jam and you've got us feeling hella tight.

Yeah.

You started the applause for your own song.

I love it.

No, I saw other people applaud and then I joined in like everyone does.

We felt the mood and we go for it.

Yeah.

So that, so now you didn't want to go overboard with that.

Nope.

So that's the subtle version.

That's just what we do.

Sweet spot.

We are con very con very committed about our art.

We have much conviction.

Why are you looking at him to co-sign what you're about to say?

Very much conviction about our art and we would never sell it out.

We say this a lot.

He was expecting me to go along with it.

Okay.

So, wow.

Okay.

Let's talk about this one for a bit.

Seth, now you're a music fan.

Are you a fan of the original song?

Do you know that song, Piano Man?

Oh yeah.

I'm familiar with that.

You know that one, right?

I don't want to analyze our stuff.

If you have to feel it and if you don't feel it, okay.

Okay.

Look, Steven, we have to like go around the horn with every idea.

I think they stay.

Whoa, whoa, whoa.

This is what happened.

Freaking out because I'm a brilliant artist.

Jesus.

This is what happened with Linda and this is why we had to go to Dump Dads.

No.

You need to calm the anger down.

I was great to Linda.

Relax.

I was great to Linda.

Relax before I get angry.

I found her with a YouTuber in her mouth.

And this is, this is pre 1994.

You then started a band called Oasis and it was a problem.

This used to be fly by Sugar Ray.

One, two, three.

You guys got to work on the countdown.

One, two, three.

It's now all around the world.

I'm the G O A T.

Who knows when I'll be R B.

Everywhere I go it's like O M G.

22 years old.

And I'm also Yolo.

L M F A O.

I'm L O L'ing baby.

L M F A O.

I'm L O L'ing baby.

That's called L M F A O.

Brand new song.

I don't know if you know about a Breves.

Do you know about a Breves?

Scott Jeeves.

So you guys not only update the lyrics but the titles.

Hashtag yeah.

Hashtag hell yeah.

The harmony on that was just beautiful.

Intoxicating.

Amazing.

So wow.

So that's what you do.

That's what we do.

Yeah.

Let's do it again.

This song is called, was called.

We found Santeria a little problematic.

You know Santeria by Sublime?

Yeah.

A lot of religious overtones.

Right.

I mean how would Sublime know that?

So they're just focused on cool tunes.

If you know what I mean.

Yeah.

Cranking out the tunes.

How else could I take you?

Why would you say if you know what I mean?

Anyway.

I don't know if you know the word tunes and cool.

Okay.

I mean that's pretty okay.

I don't practice.

I don't.

How old are you gentlemen?

I'm 58.

I'm 55.

Okay great.

So what?

I just don't know whether you guys.

I mean I do have to say.

First of all your blood is boiling right now.

You are red in the face.

You are clenched.

Fish.

I'm freaked out.

Thank god you've got a spit guard on that mic.

Yeah.

Well.

Alright so.

Whatever it takes.

Honestly Scott I'm feeling a little bit the same way.

I'm really clawing at this wooden table right now.

What's going on?

I just had this anger inside me.

I don't know what it is.

You guys are frowning the entire time you're singing these songs.

Like usually music is about good time parties.

That's because we're passionate.

I don't practice ayahuasca.

I ain't got no crystal meth.

I had a billion dollars but I'd fan mode it.

If I could find that Hannah and that Sancho she google mapped.

I'd spark a jewel with Sancho and I'd give her a pound.

I really wanna upload.

I upload.

All I really wanna tweet.

It's over to me characters.

It's AOC.

And I need.

My vote will have to wait till 2020.

When I vote for Stacey Abrams.

No.

Alright.

Wow.

Okay.

That's really topical.

Right?

I mean it may be too topical.

I would worry that in a year none of that will be anything anyone's talking about anymore.

I thought the same thing about Prince's 1999 and yet it endures.

It still goes on.

That's a good point.

Yeah.

It's one of the most favorite songs in the world.

But you ever think about that?

No one had to update that.

Like it wasn't like after 1999 he didn't come out and say like.

Oh no Prince did.

He came out with 2009.

Do you not remember that?

I don't know.

I don't remember that.

It was about the decade turning.

Okay.

He made before he died he made one for every decade.

He made a different song.

Every decade?

So it was 1999, 2019, 2019.

That's what all his backup tapes are.

They say they're gonna release them it's just a bunch of songs about years.

It's 1899.

Did he go backwards too?

Yeah.

Backwards and forwards just like you know he's gonna do.

What a visionary.

200 BC.

He also.

Yeah.

There's also Little Black Matt Corvette.

Do you know that song?

Black Matt Corvette.

Well you know Black Matt is really in right now.

I guess it's on trend.

Little Black Matt Corvette.

So he gets murdered.

We can do it like right here right now we can update song.

Little Matt Black Corvette baby it's murdered out.

Totally murdered out.

Okay.

Alright.

You wanna hear one of our favorites?

We know all about cool cars.

Scott you wanna hear one of our favorites?

I guess so I don't know that I have a choice.

It seems like you're just going right into it.

You know the song Mr. Jones by Counting Crows?

We listen to that song and there's just a couple problems with it and it's because it's from the 90s.

Sure I don't remember any of the lyrics to it but I would imagine.

Politics are big now too.

Sure yeah you mentioned the 2020 election in your last one.

All that junk's back so you know we made some changes.

Beto.

Great Beto.

One of the youngest taxes.

Taxes are back.

Okay great.

Okay here we go.

Raisin' em.

This was called Mr. Jones by Counting Crows and now something else.

Alright.

It's a little more of a surprise.

Here we go.

Ooooh.

Sha la la la la la la yeah.

Slay queen.

I was down at intelligentsia.

Staring at this purple head girl.

Roger Stone strikes up a fucking text chain.

With a chin strapped.

Hister barista you know.

He rings you up on an upside down iPad.

And the latte art is beautiful.

We all want lattes beautiful.

Bae I wish I was beautiful.

So come along with me while we play Fortnite.

Sha la la la la la la la yeah.

Queen slay.

Uh huh.

Slay queen.

Cut up North Korea.

Show me some of that gungam dancing.

Or pass me a vape.

Roger Stone.

Believe in memes.

Help me believe in anything.

Cause I wanna be someone who's a meme.

Who's a meme.

Yeah.

Roger Stone.

And memes.

Tell each other go fe fe to hells.

And we stare at the beautiful latte art.

She made it for you.

Oh no no.

She made it for me.

Smiling in the phone screen.

Coming through an XM radio.

Everybody stans you.

You can never be basic.

You guys are headed for meme celebrity.

I think so.

Oh man I mean.

I think so.

I hope we can only go viral.

And I don't know if anyone.

Do you guys know what viral is?

I just already go viral.

So that's called Roger Stone and memes?

That's just called Roger Stone.

Roger Stone yeah it's very simple.

Okay.

Elegant title.

Amazing.

But you know we can do.

You know this is a really relevant.

Our next song we should go in.

So you guys have more.

We have a really relevant song because there's a movie coming out that is basically.

It's basically Bohemian Rhapsody 2.

Okay.

It's Elton John Bohemian Rhapsody.

Okay yeah Rocketman essentially in theaters now.

I'm the Rocketman.

Oh you do impressions as well.

That's my impression of that movie.

Okay oh of the movie all right.

So yeah Rocketman is coming out and you've you've written.

Yeah we updated the main song.

We updated the main song Rocketman.

Sure the titular.

The titular song.

Are you okay there Jonathan?

I'm feeling real angry right now.

What is going on?

Like you guys usually music is a release.

I'm pissed.

Why do you do this if it makes you angry?

Why was his dick in okay so why was his dick in her mouth but fine this is a song called Rocketman.

We're pissed about pressing issues in the news as well.

Yeah I mean it seems like you're focused on these dicks though.

Are we mad?

We're happy.

Yeah we're happy.

But we are unhappy about climate change.

We're happy.

Okay being happy is not all about peace.

You have to stay active.

Okay keep fighting.

What can you do you have to ask yourself.

I packed my bags last night in a fright 105 in March.

What?

Temperature's gonna be high and I'm feeling parched.

I miss the earth so much I'll miss my life.

Elon Musk in space trying to save the human race.

And I think it's gonna be a short short time till global warming makes the oceans rise.

Yes all of man is gonna lose their homes oh yes yes yes I'm a climate change.

You're a climate change.

Climate change melting on the ice caps from here to Rome.

And I think it's gonna be a short short time to end.

Global warming makes the ocean rise.

Yes all of man is gonna lose their home oh yeah yeah yeah we're a climate change.

Climate change melting on the ice caps from here to Rome.

Thank you.

Okay well I'll start the applause on that one in hopes that that is the most serious song.

That's yeah I can tell yeah even though we are you know we're not really believers per se.

Yeah Roger Stone is a whimsical love song.

Oh we're told we do not really believe in climate change.

You're climate change deniers.

We're terrible people yeah.

You know you're terrible?

Most people who we deny everything name something we deny it.

No but what happened to your kids?

Split down the wife took them all.

We got it we she took everything.

She took yeah so that was our first conversation.

That was our first conversation about how we got nothing.

Yeah so you don't even see your kids or do they not want to see you or?

They don't want to see me I assume.

I haven't tried to reach out.

You guys are I barely know.

That's what they're just filling that role for you.

Yeah look guys we need to take a break is that okay?

Yeah sure.

Did you have more or?

Yeah we got as much it's endless.

We have pages and pages.

It seems like you have a lot of free time and a lot of pages there because.

Free time?

No we work 80 hour weeks both of us.

Doing what?

We both work at Amazon at a fulfillment center.

We work at a fulfillment center.

We run around and put dildos in plastic bins as quickly as possible.

It's fun.

They make it into a video game.

You got a race so you don't you don't get to piss at Amazon.

Yeah no we make ten dollars an hour.

We piss inside leg bags.

I never think about my son.

No I guess I never.

Between the 80 hours a week at Amazon and writing all these songs.

You know what those dildos remind me of though?

What's that?

Jesus Christ that fucking skater.

Okay yeah all right.

Big hog on that skater.

We need to take a break.

It was all bruised up from skating.

That's right.

It was?

Yeah he did a flippy or something.

I wish I knew the terminology.

I put it into a song.

He did a 370 flip grab.

He did a flip grab onto his cock.

Why didn't he go the extra 10 degrees?

That's more than it.

Oh that's right okay.

He went a little bit more just for.

Okay you're right.

To flash.

All right we need to take a break.

When we come back we'll have more from Seth and uh Trumbo and Shitty you've been very quiet during that segment.

I get it.

It's hard to get a lot.

I was marveling at the genius of that.

You know Seth baby you got to put all those songs on your on your playlist for the movie.

Yeah that's got to go into a great soundtrack.

It's got to go on that Spotify playlist.

Oh yeah for sure.

We'll be right back with also song goals will be with us.

We'll be right back with more Comedy Bang Bang after this.

Let's take some goals.

Comedy Bang Bang we are back here.

We have Seth Green.

Changeland opens this Friday June 7th and what an exciting time in a feature director's life.

In the in between between your movie hasn't opened but it's about to open.

Yes that desperate anxiety where you have no idea is this the beginning of a new career or the end of my current one.

Reviews are about to come in and you're going to get that sweet rotten tomato score.

Yeah critics are always really kind so.

What is uh uh critic I mean in a sense you your critics uh love what you do right?

I mean you've had it.

It depends I've had I've had some hyper specific insults thrown my way.

Really that you remember obviously.

I remember one thing just because I made this movie can't hardly wait and Charlie Korsma was one of the actors.

You say by the way you say this movie can't hardly this is one of the most iconic teen movies of 90s.

Oh thanks um when it I've never seen it when it yeah most people haven't when uh when it came out critics were not kind to us at all so that the yeah one of the things that the the publicity department for a movie uh does is they'll send you.

They compile all of the reviews and send them to you.

It's a big thing yeah and so by the first review Charlie and I knew that this was not going to be a positive review experience and I gave him a different colored highlighter and I took a highlighter and I said all right anytime somebody makes a personal insult to either of us let's just highlight it then we can read it to each other and give it less power really yeah within the first one they were like the always annoying weasel like Seth Green makes flails around.

God damn it why it felt personal.

I also feel like part of a publicist's job is to keep those from you as well isn't it?

I don't know it depends on their goal.

They're just trying to break you down?

Maybe they just don't ever want you to get a big head.

Seth baby you see those critics in the street you look them dead in their face and you say hey take your clothes off I'm gonna spank your booty hole.

That's that's you that's incredible that's actually I mean those are wise words.

The first time I met Leonard Maltin I was like all right take off your clothes.

I'm gonna spank your booty hole.

It's these men who are trying to like explain to you what's actually happening.

Yeah see that's the thing.

They're mansplaining.

I think back in the day how you should feel back in the day all of the critics were they were all like these older white guys you know I mean if if they had let like the true audience review the movie it would have gotten positive reviews.

Exactly we wrote a song about it.

Oh okay.

This one's for the ladies.

This one's for ladies and men who run into those dudes who just love to say well actually okay.

This is about mansplaining.

Oh here he comes oh here he comes watch out girl he'll clue you up.

Oh here he comes he's a mansplainer.

Wow that's your shortest one and that's my favorite.

I said maybe you got to put that on the playlist right now.

You've got a soundtrack.

That's right.

That's gonna be for that.

That's a good credits song.

Credits roll.

Whoa here he comes.

Okay but the credits would have to be literally 20 seconds long and then over.

Well just do it over and over and over.

Just that part of it over and over.

No we'll go into one or another.

It'll get shorter as it keeps go as it keeps repeating.

Also if you guys man's sorry no if you guys have any requests we can do anything.

Any so what's your favorite song of all time?

That's uh.

For a music fan that's hard to say so uh let's say what is your favorite song from 1998?

Uh there was probably like a fun.

Third Eye Blind or I don't know.

Let's say Wonderwall.

Wonderwall.

Give us a bummer or make it a banger.

All right this is by the way this is Oasis.

Oasis.

But Oasis is spelled with an O.

The famous one.

Yeah.

Oh wait your Oasis was not with an O?

Sounded like it was spelled with a W.

Oh okay.

Tonight is gonna be the night that they're gonna chuck it back to you guys.

So wait that's your update is chuck it?

Hey wait a second for it.

People don't say throw anymore they say chuck.

Okay.

Bye now you should somehow realize what you're not gonna do.

You guys are just opposites.

That everybody feels the way I do about you now.

Okay Backbeat what can we do with Backbeat?

Backbeat was a movie by the way starring uh Stephen Dorf.

Endgame will take a note.

Endgame.

Avengers Endgame.

The word the word tweets on the street that the fire fire's still good.

The fire is hot.

Is on.

Fire the heart is I'm sure you heard it all before but you never really had no doubt about Hulk.

About the Hulk and Captain America.

I don't know about no doubt guys I mean Gwen is solo now.

I do believe that everybody feels the way that we do at this moment.

Okay that's I mean you know it's your yeah fire is still good.

You're my wonder border wall is what I want to finish.

You're my wonder border you're my wonder border wall.

You guys uh we're MAGA guys.

Fans of the border.

Hashtag MAGA.

That's why we love is it MAGA is it MAGA?

I've been saying MAGA.

It's apparently it's MAGA.

It is okay.

Hey man I'm sensitive to all interpretations of how it's pronounced.

Okay so do you guys want when they tweet about this episode of my show do you want them to tweet hashtag song goals or hashtag MAGA?

Hashtag song goals.

Oh wait so it's spelled out in hashtag?

It's gotta have the name yeah.

Our name is the word hashtag song goals.

Oh so hashtag song is that one word or is it two separate words?

It's three words.

You should have it worked out already.

Hashtag period song underscore goals.

Hashtag period song underscore goals is it.

That's it.

Okay great.

Sign seal delivered.

Uh uh Trumbo Shitty do you have a favorite song?

My favorite song from what year?

I'll give you 2006.

2006 my favorite song from 2006 baby I'm so glad you asked.

Cupid's Chokehold by Jim Class Heroes baby I love that jam right there.

Cupid's Chokehold by Jim Class Heroes.

Can you guys do anything with that do you think?

Oh what?

Of course we're already we already have a version of it.

You do?

Oh okay wow so you've already written this?

Perfect.

Okay so you'll be able to do this in perfect unison.

Yeah of course.

Okay great.

Take a look at my girlfriend or boyfriend.

Or boyfriend.

She's the only one I get.

Not much of a girlfriend or boyfriend.

I never seem to get a lot.

It's been a long time since we last spoke.

Texted.

This is gonna sound like a band.

Okay all right.

All right.

See what I mean?

You did not have this written already.

You guys are obviously coming up with this on the top of your head.

Well we're pretty good at it I feel.

What is going on with you?

Why do you have to lie?

We're angry.

What do you mean we're angry?

Guys you have no reason to be angry anymore.

I'm absolutely furious.

Did you hear us tell you about our lives?

What don't we have to be angry about?

That happened 25 years ago.

What is happening now?

Are you in committed relationships or?

We keep.

We're in a band hashtag song going.

You know when you keep scratching a scab and it keeps reopening?

Sure.

That's what we're doing with our wives.

Really?

We go visit.

I stand outside the house.

I mean have they moved several times in the past 25 years?

Oh yeah.

And you just keep tabs on them?

You gotta follow them yeah.

Yeah you gotta follow them it's easy.

Yeah I mean it's just like Seth following this band around you know Europe I would imagine.

It's like getting the van with the Dresden dolls and just you know.

Yeah.

We get vans all the time.

Cool brag.

So you uh.

They're off the wall.

They're off the wall hashtag cool brag.

Hashtag snapchat for life.

Yeah I love wearing vans.

Why are hashtags flying around?

Give me the ones with the checkers.

Should we focus on one?

I mean we know what's hot.

You can't have too many hashtags.

That's right.

Hey where are my new Jordans?

Give me some.

Jordan do people even still wear Jordans?

Are they I guess.

Oh yeah.

Okay so they're still a popular brand even though he's no longer a player.

Yeah.

Oh yeah.

In neither basketball nor baseball.

Miles Morales in the Into the Spider-Verse.

He's wearing some.

He should feature those Jordans prominently.

Okay all right very good.

Now that's a cool movie right?

We both have Jordans on right now.

We all agree that's a cool movie.

Yeah so have you incorporated that into one of your songs?

Uh we should.

Spider-Verse?

We should definitely.

Oh yeah we wrote the new theme song.

Spider-Verse.

What are you gonna do about it?

Spider-Verse.

Miles Morales is the lead.

He's the guy you wanna go see.

In spite of the Spider-Verse.

Yeah.

Oh baby that was great.

Let's get ourselves some sneakers.

Baby you got to put that on your playlist.

I will put that for the movie.

I mean Post Malone did the theme song originally.

That would also work in the Spider-Verse movie as well.

I just want to put that out.

Oh okay got it.

Wow so uh.

The verse it also works with the word ♪Spindrift, Spindrift, the best seltzer I've ever had.♪ ♪Spinner than La Croix, La Croix is dead,♪ ♪Lupes pages back, Le Croix is the best around.♪ Wait La Croix is out?

La Croix is out, Spindrift is out.

I just started drinking La Croix.

No you gotta get Spindrift.

Sales are plummeting my friend.

Really?

Yeah it was artificial in there.

It's a free fall.

It's a bubbly little bubble.

They lied it's a bubbly water bubble.

It's a bubbly water bubble baby.

Well guys that's uh I feel bad that you're still so angry.

I mean you guys are like just your your eyes are clenched with uh just fury.

I clench my eyes all night.

You barely street my eyes are so clench.

If we didn't sing we would be violent.

Really?

Yeah.

Oh yeah.

Was that was that an issue with your previous relationships?

No.

Of course.

Not for me.

With him he had a big domestic violence.

I don't really admit that on the radio.

I did bad things to a dog.

Yeah my wife's dog.

What kind of things did you do?

Just you know things where you.

Bottle rockets.

Yeah bottle rockets.

Like attached to the back.

From across the street.

Oh.

I shot bottle rockets at my dog.

Yeah that sounds terrible.

It's absolutely it's bad.

But also like you've got incredible aim.

The YouTuber who my wife blew filmed it.

Right.

Put it on YouTube.

And that's how he got self-hazed.

I mean not all the bottle rockets hit the dog.

Yeah.

Her bushes were on fire.

Yeah.

For a long time.

Yeah.

For a long time.

Yeah.

I remember.

How long were you talking?

She wasn't home.

Just the dog was there with the dog sitter.

Okay.

With the dog sitter was there?

You know it does.

What's the dog sitter doing at this moment in time when you're firing bottle rockets?

Nap, Scott.

Napping?

Nap.

Oh my gosh.

Unbelievable.

Yeah.

Incredible.

Well guys I feel bad for you.

I hope you find some peace.

I hope so too.

I don't know.

We get on the peace train.

Hashtag peace train.

So that's just updating Cat Stevens peace train to hashtag peace train.

Cat who?

Sure.

Are cats in?

I don't know whether.

I would say.

Yusef is law dude.

He updated his name.

Labradoodle Stevens maybe.

Okay.

Well guys we're running out of time.

We just have one last feature on the show and that is a little something called Plugs.

Yes.

Ooh wow.

That was quite dramatic.

That was Spooky Plugs by Rathsheba.

Oh Rathsheba.

Thank you to Rathsheba for sending that in.

You got to put that on the playlist.

Yeah you got to put that on the playlist.

Absolutely.

Yeah boy this playlist is getting long.

It really is.

But yeah.

It's almost four songs now.

All right so what do we plug in Seth?

Obviously we have Changeland coming out in theaters and on VOD and iTunes this Friday, June 7th and we're talking a good 90 minute experience for people.

Yeah.

You're going to see scenery that you probably are unfamiliar with.

You're going to see wonderful actors who have pre-existing relationships to each other than acting in this.

So it's not, you know, a lot of movies I noticed like you'll see a movie where people are like, hey, we've been best friends for 20 years and they always have to say it in the movie because you don't buy it because these people just met two days ago and they're like, oh hey, very nice to meet you.

I'm so excited to do this movie with you.

Yeah.

And that's how usually movies are.

You've done it before, right?

You've had to play someone's best friend.

You don't even like the person that you're with.

Yeah you got to invent chemistry for a camera.

Yeah exactly.

But this movie doesn't have that problem.

This movie, everyone knows each other, they've worked together in Party Monster, they worked together in Rat Race, you know, you know, the robot chicken buddies, like this movie, like everyone has a deep, rich relationship with each other.

Yeah.

Everybody had a real good time.

But you're playing, but you have fake names.

Yes, exactly.

That's important.

It was critically important.

Yeah.

You ever do a movie with your real name?

You know what's funny?

I played myself a couple of times and I always thought it would be really funny and it's usually worked to my disadvantage.

Like I grew up watching Larry Sanders and seeing David Duchovny do this deconstructive interpretation of himself.

And I thought it'd be funny to do something similar on that show Entourage.

And all it did was convince a generation of kids that I'm a piece of shit.

I have a friend who watched every episode of Entourage in a, I believe, a 48 hour period.

Yeah, yeah, who was that borat?

And he stayed up, stayed up.

Did he ever go to sleep?

I can't remember.

He stayed up for 70 hours.

70 hours.

And then he, and then he took a limo to the Entourage movie.

Wow.

And he, and he filmed the entire thing.

That's correct.

I remember I went over for a good hour of it.

Yes.

And he rented a mansion in the Hollywood Hills to do this.

And just live streamed the entire thing.

That's right.

And so which, which episode were you in?

Do you remember what he was doing?

I got to do a couple episodes.

One was just me and Kevin Connolly meeting on the roof of the standard.

But because Kevin and I have known each other since we're seven years old, we thought it'd be really funny to pick, fight with each other.

It was kind of a parody.

And then there was an episode where the boys all went to Vegas and me, Seth Green, had continued to imply that I'd had sex with Kevin Connolly's girlfriend.

And so, you know, for me, it was like a deconstructive parody of every Hollywood celebrity.

Because Hollywood people are like this.

Which is the most fair.

Like I never took my sunglasses off and I was texting in every scene.

I was kind of an asshole.

And you got to use some of this for your lyrics, by the way.

Texting in every scene, sunglasses on.

Texting in every scene.

I'm not asking you to improvise right now.

Why not?

So I still have people hit me on Twitter and say, I really fucking hate you because of what you did to E on that fictional show.

Wow.

To that fictional person, E.

Yeah.

And why, and why are they on E's side about all this?

You know what I mean?

Well, because I play a real arch villain.

I guess, but at the same time, E is not that much better.

I think it was just because it was my actual name.

Like if I had played Davis, Pumpernickel or whatever.

That's a great stage name, right?

That guy sounds like a movie star.

Then no one would, people would have thought this was a compelling performance.

I think if they made E a character right now, I would say he should just be the at symbol.

That's a cool, that's an update to the better E.

Well, I also think that in the Entourage universe or the Entourage-iverse, if there were a movie star called Davis Pumpernickel, I think that would be maybe the, the, the, the, the element of that show, which was the most believable.

Right.

Yeah.

But everyone just treated it like, oh, that's Davis Pumpernickel.

He's the famous movie star.

Vinny Chase's Aquaman made a billion dollars.

What do you think about that, that movie he did?

What Avenue was it?

Queens Boulevard.

Yeah.

What do you think about that?

He is Queens Boulevard.

He really is.

Isn't that incredible?

I'm finally, somebody's telling that story.

All right.

So speaking of stories, the need to be told, Changeland is coming out this Friday, June 7th.

And I mean, this is an achievement.

I have to say we were talking during the break about it a little bit too, but I cannot imagine your first feature doing it at the scope and the level that you have done it.

So that's, I can't wait to see it.

And I hope everyone out there does as well.

Thanks.

Me too.

Hashtag me too.

All right.

Let's go to a trombone shitty.

I don't think that's the right use.

Is that the not really, that's not what it is.

That's not the appropriate, speaking of.

Yes.

Scott, baby.

I, I just want to say, come on down to trombone, Paris, Louisiana.

I thought that you came to us.

I know we didn't delve as much into your backstory as we normally do, but I thought that was primarily what you would establish is that you bring the cars.

I'm going to buy that car in the parking lot.

Yeah.

You bring the cars to us, right?

Why do we have to go down to trombone parish?

Also, you need to come on down and you needed to see everything about the parish.

It's a beautiful town.

I get, I don't know anything about it.

What's so beautiful about it?

How do you think the saints go all the way to shit?

I don't know about the saints.

I don't care about the saints.

Did they go all the way like a couple of years ago?

Oh, they went all the way 10 years ago.

10 years.

Oh, okay.

All right.

But you didn't go all the way to shit?

I don't care.

I don't know.

I don't care.

Okay.

I don't know.

Well, anyway, you can come down down by a car.

We got auxiliary cords in the car.

You can listen to your favorite podcast, like comedy bang bang or like the flagrant ones on Patriot.

What is the flagrant ones?

Tell me about the basketball podcast hosted by Hayes Davenport and Sean Clements and Carl Tartt.

Wow.

So this is a podcast that the three of the hashtag those men and Carl Tartt hosts together.

Yes.

Hashtag those men.

That sounds great.

Wow.

That's pretty good.

And they talk about basketball exclusively.

I mean, this is an exciting time.

I mean, the playoffs are happening right now.

Yeah.

What do they do?

The finals happening right now.

Yeah.

Or yeah, you're right.

And what do they do in the times when basketball is not being played?

Oh, I don't they take and go around telling people to take their clothes off and they're going to spank their booty hose.

OK, this sounds like a good show.

Yeah.

All right.

So check that out anywhere podcasts are or on Patreon.

Patreon.

Patreon is where you get it.

OK, great.

And hashtag song goals.

What do you like to plug here?

Uh, well, we like to plug.

We're doing a show at Walgreens.

Walgreens.

On Glen Oaks Boulevard.

Glen Oaks.

Oh, here in town.

OK, great.

It's the only one on Glen Oaks Boulevard and we'll be right back.

So if one pops up on your map that's on Glen Oaks, that's the only one you're going to go to that one.

We're by all the canes and the old people stuff, the enemas.

The diabetes socks.

We play right near there.

Yeah.

Is that three different stores or is it that?

It's one.

No, it's the old people stuff at this Walgreens.

Oh, OK.

That's in the Walgreens.

We figured we're bandages.

We're picking stuff up.

We might as well do a little show.

You know what I mean? And we'll be singing a new song that we're going to come hear.

A little update to Happy Birthday.

Happy Birthday.

I mean, that is one of the oldest songs I can think of.

Happy Late Term Birthday to you.

All right.

Come on, that's too weird.

If you want to hear the end of that song.

Too current.

If you want to know the end of that song, please come to the Walgreens.

Go to the Walgreens.

Glen Oaks.

Speaking of birthdays, I want to give a shout out to my son Jeff with a G.

We haven't talked in years, but in case you listen to this.

You know his birthday?

You know his birthday.

It was about four months ago.

I forget.

So just like covering your bases here.

Yeah, forever.

So if you listen to you ever want to connect with your dear old dad.

Oh yes, forever.

Maybe you're 60 years old.

You're hearing this.

I'd like to wish a happy birthday to Dick Van Dyke.

Why not?

I mean, why not?

He keeps going.

He does.

Just in Mary Poppins Returns.

That's right.

Yeah, that's right.

He updated his own movie.

Yeah, he updated his own movie.

He was in the one in the 60s wearing old age makeup.

That's right.

And then he's in this one and he doesn't need the makeup anymore.

That's right.

That's the dream.

Yeah, that's right.

That's why I was so pissed at Julie Andrews.

Yes, where is she?

Why didn't she do the movie?

Yeah, there's obvious.

Too good for an update?

Suddenly Angela Lansbury is at the end and everyone's like, oh, OK, well it should be Julie Andrews.

Wrong British woman.

Yeah.

Unbelievable.

Is that true?

Is that why you shouted out at the screen when you screamed?

I don't see kids movies because I just weep.

I can only imagine.

Is it for your own childhood or for your children's childhood?

It's both, baby.

Yeah.

Yeah, you should have seen him in Up.

He went freaked out.

Oh, I freaked out.

Ripped someone's head off.

I couldn't stay.

Screamed at an usher, broke his knee.

I ripped someone's head off and filled it with popcorn.

Ate it.

A grim determination.

That sounds like you're confessing.

I don't know whether you want to talk about this on the podcast.

It's all metaphors.

Oh, I see.

So just metaphorically you got a little upset at someone and said shh or something or?

Yeah.

OK.

I think that's a prosecutable.

It was this jerk over here.

Oh, wait.

I said, hush now.

Keep it down now.

Go to Topman.

Get some overalls.

Hush now.

Go to Topman.

These are too current for me.

I don't even know what Topman is.

All right.

I want to plug.

Hey, I can finally talk about this.

Just got announced last week, but I directed a movie as well, and it's coming out September 20th.

So congratulations.

Go check that out.

It's called Between Two Ferns, the movie.

And check it out September 20th.

I've been working on it for two years, so please watch it on Netflix.

Let's close up the old plug bag.

Don't let any air in.

Close it up your heart by you open up the bag.

All right.

Hold on.

Do you have the do you have the other one?

I can't take that one anymore.

Do you have the old one?

All right.

Yeah, that one's terrible.

We can update it if you want.

Oh, what would you do with it?

Don't let any at Aaron Aaron Aaron.

Play the old one.

I want to hear this one again to really judge.

Just your eyes and open up that bag.

Open up that bag.

I think I like that one better.

I don't know.

What do you I mean, you guys are the songwriters.

I like that one better, too.

Yeah, but we'll update them both.

It doesn't matter because it's going to be out of date in what?

Two weeks?

Yeah, I did.

Well, at the end of the year, certainly, maybe you guys can come in and rerecord it instead of Ben Schwartz and Horatio Sands.

What do you think?

Pay us.

Of course.

Pay you?

Pay us.

All right.

What are you charging?

$60 an hour.

We're like babysitter level.

Yeah.

60 an hour?

It's either 60 an hour for a certain number of hours or put us on retainer for two years.

Is that what babysitters charge these days?

$60 an hour?

A good one, sure.

A dog sitter, yeah.

When I did it was $1 an hour.

That's what I got paid.

Wow.

Yep.

In the 80s.

It's unbelievable.

Lucky to make like 30 bucks a night.

Yeah, well, I would have to work for 30 hours.

All right, guys, I want to thank you all.

Seth, so good to meet you and continued good fortune to you and success.

And I can't wait to see the movie.

Right on.

Trombone shitty.

What can one say?

Thank you, Scott.

I mean, I think I have a friend for life here.

Absolutely, Scott.

There's something about you I just really responded to.

And you have such a sense of joie de vivre.

Oh, Scott baby.

Let's see.

Let's go.

I do think the Saints might go all the way this year.

I think they may.

And then hashtag song goals.

Jonathan and Steven, so great to meet you guys.

I don't feel exactly the same way that I feel about trombone shitty that I do about you.

You guys are a little too intense for me.

What?

Well, too now, I think.

Yeah, maybe it's too current.

Maybe we're a little ahead of our time.

Little TikTok, if you know what I mean.

Like, like, like the app.

Like the app.

Yeah.

Okay.

Oh, John Wick.

Whoa.

Can you as we go out, can you do anything with John Wick?

Is there a song?

Maybe that rhymes with John Wick?

John Wick.

Four.

John Wick four.

All right, we'll see you next time.

Thanks.

Bye.
