---
layout: page
title: 605. Max Silvestri, Shaun Diston, Dan Lippert [https：⧸⧸cloudfront.wolfpub.io⧸CBB-605-20190608-SilvestriDistonLippert-SKv01-PW.mp3].mp3.wav
category: cbb 
---

♫ Comedy Bang Bang ♫ Wrong or right, from here on out, it's just me and my fleshlight.

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang!

Thank you to cocaine buffet for that catchphrase submission.

They get worse and worse as the years pass by.

We're in our 11th year now and just awful. But eventually I will find the final catchphrase and I will say it every single week until the end of the show.

And speaking of ends, we are not at the end of June and dads and grads, you still have free reign. Enjoy yourself while you can.

About two more weeks, well, I mean, two and a half more weeks until your reign of terror is over and we can stop hearing about your exploits.

But, you know, no worries until then. Feel free to do whatever you like. But remember on July 1st, GTFO, dads and grads.

And speaking of getting the fuck out, let's get the fuck in with our first guest. Oh, by the way, coming up a little later, we have a Hollywood stuntman.

Oh, that's great. I don't know. I think I've talked to a Hollywood stuntman once before, but I'm always interested in the tricks of the trades with people who have exciting jobs like that.

So we'll be talking to him. And we also have our good friend Sprague the Whisperer will be back. So that's very exciting.

But let's talk to another good friend of ours. He is going to be doing a 10 minute set at the Great American Comedy Festival in Norfolk, Nebraska, coming up this week, I believe.

And he's here to promote it. Please welcome back to the show our good friend Max Silvestri. Hi. Thanks for having me, Scott.

Yeah, I think there's there's only about three hundred and forty tickets left. So I would love out of how many?

I mean, it's not a huge, huge room. So I you know, I'd say that's 80 percent, you know, 80 percent unsold.

I mean, that's that feels like kind of a glass half full.

It's 20 percent. 20 percent sold.

Oh, congratulations. Wow. Two tenths of the seats are just all filled up.

Yeah. So that's going to be assuming everyone sits up at the front. That's going to, you know, and how it's laid.

Yes. As long as they don't like the back of the room.

When you're on stage, I don't know if a lot of people know this, but when you're on stage, you can't see past the second row anyway.

No. Yeah. There's they have special lights for stand up where they like fully light the first two rows and then you can't see anything behind.

You have no sense of where the back of the theater is.

Yeah. So I mean, you know, anytime you do a stand up show, you could be playing to 40 people.

You could be playing to hundreds of thousands of people.

I literally have no idea how many people I've ever played to in each show.

I usually there's usually an entrance in the back that you can go.

It's like an alleyway or another street behind the venue.

So I go in there. I wish that theaters you could enter from the back of the theater and walk across the stage and then just sit down in your seat.

That would be great. That would be great.

But all the time, instead of that, we're always having to enter from the front of the theater and a lobby where there's bathrooms and concessions and merch.

And usually like, you know, like a pretty chandelier.

You don't want to see that. And this way, when they pass by the performer, he could have a little clicker and count how many people are there.

I would love to know how many people you've played for the entirety of your career.

I don't care about each show.

Just you want to keep a running talent.

Yeah, it would be like a very big clicker.

I imagine it would be like numbers that high.

Oh, my God. It's like the size of a Genesis, which is such a specific Genesis.

Sega Genesis CD. Exactly.

Invisible touch, maybe.

Yeah, that's that's a I mean, God, they were all different sizes.

That was the thing about Genesis.

I'm so excited for the new album because I'm like, how big is it?

What size is it? Oh, five inches.

Oh, yeah. OK.

Because I like had a CD tower that was for all my, you know, normies.

Yeah, which is anything other than Genesis.

And then I was building custom woodwork each time and out each time out.

Yeah. Oh, man.

Oh, my gosh. You are within a three hour drive of Lincoln or Omaha.

Do you would you consider that to be a three hour radius or three hour diameter?

I guess it would be radius.

Three hours there, three hours back and not one and a half and one and a half.

It's conveniently a six hour round trip from some of Nebraska's hottest cities, you know, but I feel like it's the Midwest.

So it's what else?

It's a straight shot at one hundred and ten miles an hour.

Sure. Yeah.

And that will take three hours.

That will take three hours. Ten miles an hour.

It's about three hundred and thirty miles away.

There's no cops. There's no laws.

Just you can be there.

And what is the purpose of this ten minute set?

This is exciting because I know a lot of Canadians.

And the last time you were on the show, you were hyping up your 15 minute Netflix set.

Is that right? Yes. And unfortunately, this is two thirds of that.

Yes. It turned out that, you know, like sometimes when I don't know, like someone's you realize someone's like grandparents are getting old and people use the phrase like, oh, she should move into a home.

Like that's too much house for her.

You know, it's too much house for your grandmother.

It turned out that the 15 minutes was too much set for me.

So you're trying to whittle it a year later.

I'm now narrowing into a 10 minute.

Still doing the same material, just trying to like lop off ends of jokes.

Well, the beginnings in the end.

So you say the premise.

Well, they say, you know, in screenwriting, they say come late and leave early in every scene, meaning like why start the scene with people entering the room and saying, hello, nice to see you again.

Like just cut to the middle of the conversation where all the pleasantries have have gotten out of the way and then cut out of the scene at the most exciting part of the scene.

And so it's really smart because I you start every joke with hello. Hi, how are you?

And also when I in in writing scripts, I literally have every character enter separately through the door, explain where they've been.

Ask everyone how they're doing and then say where they're going.

How the amount of time since the last scene has elapsed for everyone.

I don't know if you watch the show Bloodline, but Bloodline was entirely structured with everyone constantly entering the scenes and fully exiting like a play that would start with two characters.

Everyone would enter.

Oh, it's great. It's real life.

It's real life. Yeah.

I feel like 24 was sort of like that as well with Jack Bauer, like because it was in real time, they felt the need to just like follow everyone around constantly and show them, you know, the only thing they never showed was him taking dumps.

Right.

Like, you know, you wish that it was sort of like, you know, the following dump occurred from 1201 p.m. to 1206.

I don't know how long he would always come into scenes buckling his belt, sweaty, being like, I had a phone call and you'd be like, wow, I feel like you're on such a timer here.

If this phone call, it probably would be about the bomb or like, oh, no, no.

It was personal. Yeah.

To cancel an appointment.

There's no, what going on today?

I mean, I sold my regular life. We're not documenting that.

But yeah, so I'm doing a 10 minute set where I know folk at the Great American Comedy Festival is that is this a comedy festival where they book great Americans exclusively?

Yeah, I believe and they don't do it every year.

They only do it when they have enough to have enough of great Americans.

Yeah, exactly. So they they slowly kind of keep tabs on what Americans are doing and when they have enough of them, they each have 10 minutes of material.

And now you're you're doing this show with someone.

I believe someone is doing a longer set after you.

Is he a great American?

I don't I don't know that he is.

Oh, that's a good.

He was originally a great Canadian, and now he is now perhaps he has great American. Yes. The reason I'm doing this set is to warm up the audience, to warm them up and make them laugh and then make them satisfied at the end of your 10 minutes.

Well, no, I mean, my 10 minutes is not going to have any of the punch lines, nor right. There's going to be middles.

Yeah. In media joke is the last.

So you're going to cut out the you ever notice wins.

Yes. And then the middle of like, so my girlfriend, she's now holding the whole cake and then it cuts there.

Yes. And then people won't know what I responded to.

Literally would enjoy a whole set of that.

Just like the the mind reels at what the possible joke is.

You feel it's more fun for you to fill it.

I think it would be fun for you to do this set where they literally are jokes.

It's not like trying to do funny, you know, random sentences.

They literally are the middles of jokes and then like clue the audience in at the end of what the actual joke was to show them the process.

Maybe there's some way to do it, like kind of like chopped up timelines where you're getting pieces of jokes.

Yeah. At different points in the section.

Oh, yeah. And you're like, oh, that's from before.

You see that I'm talking about baking a cake six minutes later in the set.

Again, I only have 10 minutes to work.

I know we're slightly joking around, but this is not.

This is kind of a good idea.

We have to stop roofing on it so one of us can use it.

I think you could be the pen and or teller of stand up comedy.

Just letting people into the process and showing them how how jokes are written while actually pulling off great jokes.

Oh, I get is that what Neil Brennan did with three mikes?

Is there some way that I could, you know, walk around the stage, create three Michaels, three Michaels?

Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.

I tell you, when I saw that movie, Michael, I was like, can't wait for the third one. Three mikes.

I mean, I mean, following the standard sequel title to work the number and then pluralized.

Yes. Two Michaels and then three.

So at that point, they're like, we got to save time.

We're not going to say Michael, just say three mikes.

No, I'm so the great the now great American Dave Cool, yeah, will be doing a headlining set.

I see end of I mean, you might be able you might say that he is doing a longer set to cool the audience down. Right.

You've warmed them up and then they need an extended cooldown period.

And like I've warmed them up in a dangerous way where they're pacing and yelling and frosting and there's loosening their their shirt collars.

And there's like a news share of outside being like, we can't let these people out into the streets. They're going to riot, ruin all these beautiful small businesses in Norfolk.

I imagine lots of throwing trash cans through glass windows.

Exactly. So Dave Coie is there to do kind of.

Yeah, just sort of settle them back down.

Yeah. All his jokes are about like basically the punch lines are wouldn't it be nice to sit down and take deep breaths?

Like he kind of gets them there in his material organically.

You know, he makes a good point.

Well, this is a wonderful opportunity.

And this is the only set you're doing at the Great American Comedy Festival.

There there is quite a bit of scheduled touring.

And this is not a joke for the comedians of Johnny Carson's childhood home.

Apparently, he grew up there.

It's a little bit of the organizing principle of the festival.

Oh, OK. Very interesting.

And, you know, as a as a 36 year old, you know, Johnny Carson and the legacy of his childhood, yes, wildly large in mind.

Of course, when he retired in 1993.

Yes. You would have been how old?

I would have been 10 years old, 10 years old and just a fanatic.

I was basically waking up when his show went on.

I had shifted my heart.

Well, you work the night shift as well.

Right. Right. I would get off from the factory.

So it's exciting for me to be picked up at 10 a.m.

at my hotel to do a group lunch in his backyard.

And what group who's who's going to be there?

Yeah, I don't know many of the other comedians going.

I mean, I think it's just going to be a combination of two of my favorite things, which is a forced examination of Johnny Carson's life and socializing with other stand ups.

Whom you do not know.

Exactly. I have no relationship with.

Such a treat for me.

The set is a cherry on the top of a Sunday of a day.

I have to get out there 24 hours early.

Yeah. And by the way, this will have happened already because this comes out of obviously on Monday.

Are you doing the tour of Johnny Carson's house on Sunday?

You say the one that that occurred the day yesterday or is that the one coming up?

The one coming up. Yeah.

So if anyone wants to see you out in the wild, I mean, everyone's seen you out there on stages. They walked in through the front of them, taken a look at the chandeliers.

But what does he look like with the scowl stepping off like a sprinter van?

Be at Johnny Carson's house at 11 a.m.

I would love to see him with just the regular face, which is the face that the minute anyone leaves the room, just everyone just like descends into death.

But what is it?

What does his face look like when he's thinking I could have easily slept in, gone to the gym and had a nice lunch to myself?

What does that expression look like, man?

But being able to be in all those rooms where he did all those magic tricks.

Oh, my God. That's going to be amazing.

As a child, is that it was that do you know that about him?

Was he into magic? He was very intimate.

He started out as a funny magician. Yes.

Do you want to come out with me? I do. Yes, I have.

It's this coming weekend. It's this coming weekend.

I have a companion ticket. It's full price. I mean, it's OK.

I would expect nothing. Yeah, but of course, one of those that you can't change or refund. OK, great.

It's a nonrefundable full price.

I would actually like to go through this tour and any time the tour guide says any fact, just say I did not know that and see how long it took them to throw me out.

I mean, I think it'll be more of an issue of the other comedians on the tour will be chomping at the bit to be the first like to all just be like, who's going to get who's going to get to it first?

Oh, well, that's so exciting.

And how many days will you be in our great state of Nebraska?

Two nights, two nights.

Which which of the which are the nights?

Sunday night or are you leaving right after the tour?

Thursday through Saturday, I'll be there.

So you'll be Thursday, Friday leaving on Saturday? Yeah.

Yeah.

OK, so and you're set is Friday night.

The tour is Friday morning.

Yes. So if people are around Friday. OK.

So it's Friday morning.

If anyone's around in Nebraska within a seven hour radius or so.

Yeah. Just come on by.

Just, you know, put the pedal to the floor.

Drive one hundred and ten.

There's no speed limits.

Cut through an Indian reservation and just do what you can to.

Native American is what I like to say.

But it's interesting that you call it Indian reservations.

OK, let's get to our next guest.

That is a wonderful opportunity.

I hope everyone goes out and what are tickets running for, by the way?

I think approximately, I would guess in the 70s.

Yeah, I mean, 70 is sort of your general access kind of corral at the back of the theater.

And if you want like a seated ticket, I think it goes 120 up to 300 for a weekend pass over a weekend pass.

Oh, OK. Not on the Saturday show, but Paul Reiser's headlining that show.

And wow. Yeah. So he's a friend of the show, obviously.

And they and they're bringing you in just for this 10 minutes.

Usually when you do a festival, they want you to do a whole bunch of shows.

But they are like, let's get him on that tour.

Let's see. Let's get the 10 minutes out of him.

I feel like it might and I'm OK with this.

It might actually be like paid for by a Johnny Carson foundation to make sure that comics remain enmeshed in and tethered to Nebraska.

Yes. This legacy is childhood legacy.

So the tour is not optional.

It is not optional. It is incredibly mandatory.

If anything, I'm as much being flown out and paid for attendance of the tour as I am for the 10 minute set.

OK. Yeah. All right.

Well, that's going to be a little bit like clockwork art, like they're going to open like, yes, force your eyes open.

Watch to watch. Will they for it?

Was there something in the rider?

I guess it's not the rider, but the the actual tour contract where you are.

It's mandatory to take pictures inside the home and post them on Instagram or anything like require me to do like to social media.

Yeah. So suppose while in Johnny Carson's home, I feel like I've committed myself to a lot of things I'm not prepared for yet.

So look forward. Look for a lot of great content this weekend.

Follow my hashtag. Max in Nebraska.

Here's Maxie, which is a nod to Johnny Carson.

Of course, you started a new social media presence.

Here's Maxie. Here's Maxie.

Oh, he's also a drummer.

So maybe someone will get on, get on those old toms and bang away at something while I love the sticks.

Is that what you call drumsticks?

I think you could call them sticks.

I don't know. I mean, Styx was, of course, the drummer in Johnny and Chachi's band, which was of course, a Johnny loves Chachi, of course, was a television series that was on the air while Carson was also on the air.

So it ties in nicely.

Well, hopefully they do a comedy festival to tour me around both their childhood homes.

These characters, they are.

Well, of course. Yeah. And then Scott Baio, Scott Baio's and Aaron Moran's as well.

So the fictional home and the literal home in Scott Baio's.

Who knows what's going to be in there under the bed?

What kind of literature? Oh, it's down in Newport Beach.

She does a comedy festival that is dark.

The Scott Baio comedy festival.

Yeah. Yeah.

Ooh boy. He books one person, no audience each year.

And it's just you've got to stay there for for 80 straight hours locked in.

It's called the lock in the Scott Baio Lock in the SPLO.

I love it. Well, very good, Max.

Thank you so much for being here.

And hopefully this is going to drum up some business for you.

I mean, God, I need it. Yeah.

I mean, I won't know about it because.

Is that the cut of these sales or?

No, no, no, no, no, no. Just purely a flat fee.

Weirdly, the more people come, the less I get because there's something with air conditioning like, oh, they have to boost up.

They have to make the room colder.

So somehow the breakdown of dogs to sniff everyone's back.

Yeah. OK, so you want to sort of suppress business here a little bit as much as you can.

Yeah, I would love I'm trying to tell this is a warning.

Sorry, I'm on here not to fly. I'm on to you.

I want people to come. Oh, my God. Stay as far away from Norfolk.

Even if you have other business in Norfolk, I don't want you accidentally being handed a free ticket or something. Just stay far, far away.

Oh, my God. Don't come. Don't even come to Nebraska.

Yes. Unless, of course, you are a an original person, which is what I call Native Americans.

That's more forward thinking than I.

Yeah. That you can say Americans.

I mean, that's that's our name that I apologize.

I want to apologize to you.

I want to apologize to the listeners.

That is not what I should have done.

I will now call them original people.

Apology accepted. Thank you so much for the listeners.

I hope that you're apologizing on behalf of all the listeners as well.

Yes. And accepting on behalf of all the listeners.

Thank you so much. Right.

All right. Well, let's get to our next guest.

Max, of course, will be out there.

I don't know how to how anyone would ever buy tickets to this, but at the Great American Comedy Festival in Norfolk, Nebraska, this Friday night is the wonderful 10 minute set.

And our next guest is he has been on the show several times and he's a great friend of ours. And we can talk about exactly who he is when he comes on.

But please welcome back to the show Sprague the Whisperer.

Hello, Scott. Hello.

How are you? I'm great.

Oh, you have a new cloak. Yes, I knew you got a new cloak.

I've got a new cloak.

R.I.P. Rudy North.

Now, Scott, I care.

That's right. Rudy. Rudy North passed away on our.

He's now the Devil. It's canon.

Max, do you know about Rudy North being the devil?

No, I don't think you would.

Deep, deep cut.

But you're an avid listener.

Avid listener. Of course, I'm a fan of yours, Scott.

Oh, thank you so much. You'd have to listen to the you'd have to listen to a 10 hour podcast to really even get close to understanding what the fuck I was just talking about. And somewhere in the middle where much like not like a Lisa mattress, but other bed mattresses sort of sags.

It's in the middle of it and your feet are a little higher than you want, but that's good for circulation. So, you know, of course, yeah, you want your feet higher than your heart. That's what I've been told.

Scott. Well, that's great to have you on.

Great to have you on. Scott, I'm having a tough week.

Scott, you are now let's remind the listeners of who you are.

Sprague the whisper.

Of course, I whisper in the ears of powerful men.

And of course, I'm a manager over at Mosaic over Mosaic.

Yeah, but a lot of troubles with the game Game of Thrones creators leaving over there.

Big problem, of course.

And, you know, I was, of course, an inspiration for one of the characters on the show on the show Game of Thrones. That's true.

Which one? Varys Scott.

He whispers. He whispers.

He's a master of whispers.

I always thought that you were based on him.

No, no, no, Scott.

Well, actually, I knew George R.R. Martin a long time ago, Scott.

Oh, you did from where?

New Jersey. Oh, OK.

That's where he's been, I think.

Or he was passing through. Who knows?

Passing through or something.

There's a lot of good reasons to be in New Jersey.

I think there's a dumb story where he's like, I was in New Jersey and I was looking at the New York skyline and I thought Game of Thrones or something.

It's really dumb. He was inspired by the, all right, whatever.

By that skyline? By the size of the buildings?

I can imagine dragons or some shit over there.

Or he was listening to Imagine Dragons.

Maybe that's it. Gosh, this is all stuff I need to research.

But Scott, I'm having a tough week.

You're having a tough week. So you are you are a person who whispers in the ear of.

Foremost, I am a manager and I manage.

You manage and you you're very into ninja movies.

I love ninja movies. I try to get ninja movies made.

Ninja TV shows.

Three ninjas? I mean, that's like three Michaels.

Right now, we're still in post.

Ninja, two ninja.

We're still in post pre development on three ninjas.

We're back again? Question mark?

Question mark and a parenthetical shrug.

I was like, what?

And both the question mark is written out, but also a question.

Yeah. Right. Yeah.

Look, I'm not good at titling things.

Sure. You were in charge of titling this.

Apparently. I was like, look, I'm just whispering the idea.

They're like, you have to do the title anyway.

Scott, do you whisper more to your clients or other managers at Mosaic or to to people?

Well, that's interesting you ask that I no longer work for Mosaic.

This is big news.

Now, of course, Scott, I've got a new job.

I've got you've got a new job, of course.

Of course. R.I.P. Rudy North.

R.I.P. Rudy North character.

He would say that it's one of his catchphrases now.

Right. He had many catch many and crazy.

There's not a T-shirt out there.

It is crazy. What would you do?

You're such a fan of the show. What would the Rudy North T-shirt be?

The T-shirt would probably say that's canon.

And they would have a picture of a canon like AC DC for those about to rock.

Yeah, I think that's what it would be.

And Rudy North would be in the canon.

Oh, it would being shot out of it, being shot out of it.

That would that I don't know.

Maybe Kevin could get that going with the canon have to like would it be spelled like with three ends or with two ends?

Interesting. I think three.

I like how you are a person who counts all the ends of the entire word.

I don't want to confuse the situation.

No, no, no. You want to make it three.

Yeah. But Scott, I got some big news.

I'm working over at Abrams now.

Oh, I'm an I'm an official agent again.

Oh, congratulations. Wait.

So you're not a manager.

And you're an agent just in time.

Just in time, because of course, you know, I put the package in packaging, which I'm of course talking about my penis.

Of course. Congratulations.

You don't need to show it to us while you say, well, I just wanted to make sure you can just start.

You wrap it in like saran wrap on one of those like styrofoam.

Yeah. I go over to FedEx. I say, wrap up this package, please.

Yeah. How many times have you been kicked out of?

Yeah. Gosh, Scott, I can't even.

This is why you need stamps dot com.

Hey, that's that's exactly right.

Go to stabs dot com.

No promo code bang bang or something or something.

That's got. Yes.

I'm on the negotiating committee right now with the agencies and the writers.

With the OK. So if people don't know what we're talking about, we're getting in.

We're getting very inside baseball.

But instead of baseball, the baseball is show business.

Exactly.

Scott, I can explain it in two sentences.

Oh, wow. Right now.

Name that explanation.

Here we go. They're going to be two long sentences.

Oh, I think I can name it in one.

I think I can explain it.

I want to hear.

So no, I think if you can do it in one night challenge, I guess.

With no semicolons.

No semis. You can use a couple of commas, but let's see if you can explain it in one.

So cut out the beginning and the middle as well.

Agents are like the pitchers and managers are the plates.

Using a metaphor. And this is already a level of difficulty.

We're saying that the pitcher is not allowed to touch the bag because he needs to throw focus on the batter.

Oh, who is. Oh, there's more.

The clients are the balls.

The clients are the.

I think you've gone at least four sentences.

Yeah, you can just stick and zoom into the couple.

Can I tell you what's happening? Please. I'll do it in one.

Us agents are, you know, fucking these writers in the butt.

OK. And we know it.

We know it. OK.

It's it's it's interesting to hear someone actually admitted because that's the position of the WGA.

Let me just try to explain it because I still think that people may not know what's going on.

So all of the the writers in Hollywood have been asked to fire their agents because they believe that the agents are going using some practices which are illegal and immoral, taking advantage of them.

And in it, they're keeping their salaries low so they can make more money.

Now, Scott, of course, I'm on the Asian side because, well, I'm at Abrams.

I was not aware that Abrams had a yes.

We have the table.

Abrams lit is we're not big right now, but we've got a seat at the negotiating table.

Scott, congratulations.

And are you negotiating?

I'm the lead negotiator, Scott, for the entire ATA, because I'm a whisperer, Scott, and I feel like I can make a deal.

Now, let me tell you what I have on the table.

Currently, OK, what do you got right now?

We're trying to offer these writers full ninja rights to anything they ever want to make.

Well, OK, what are full ninja right now?

Of course, Scott, everyone has created a foreign ninja.

No, no, no. But that's a different thing.

I got to go to Congress for that.

Now, this is full ninja rights.

Now, every writer has their pilots out there.

They're developing. They're doing their thing.

Sure. Now I could always just say, hey, I like that idea.

I'll make it a ninja thing.

You don't have you.

That's right. Well, I guess putting a ninja into something changes it materially enough that it is a new idea.

Now, everyone, so you take anything.

Max, what's your favorite movie of all time?

Romeo and Juliet. OK. And a ninja.

Oh, my God. Yes. Romeo plus Juliet plus Ninja.

Now that I would love to make.

But you know what I'm going to I'm going to say you can have the rights to all ninja. You can have the ninja.

So every writer. Yes. Yes.

When they write anything that they ever write.

So automatically going to include ninja rights to that same project.

Now, I've acquired because this is exciting.

It's someone who's been like, I want to write it again.

Like write it again. Think about what I'm offering.

I mean, it's incredible.

Now, say Romeo and Juliet.

Great example. You. Great example.

The only immortal bard. Oh, my God.

Like you suggested adding a ninja, so it's Romeo and Juliet and a ninja.

Yes. Now, what about subtracting a ninja or what about what about Romeo and Ninja or Ninja and Juliet, like replacing, replacing?

These are all good questions.

So let's take them one by one, replacing a ninja and then subtracting any number of ninjas.

So in three ninjas, we can make two ninjas or we can make zero ninjas.

OK, and just call it zero ninjas and Joe. Jesus Christ.

What if we make three ninjas, one big ninja, which I think happens in three ninjas, one kind of thing where they can come one big time.

I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what.

I was not here to offer full ninja replacement rights.

OK, I was not here to offer full ninja substitution rights.

But I'll tell you what, Scott.

You can address Max as well.

I'll tell you what, Scott and Max.

I know it upsets your rhythm a little because I love saying Scott.

Scott, Max, I will offer full ninja rights.

And that means replacing ninjas, adding ninjas.

If you want to make the movie Beverly Hills Guy, I will let you make it.

Because Beverly Hills Ninja is someone else's property.

What if you wrote if you were the writer of Beverly Hills Cop? Yes.

And you wanted to some you wanted to replace you had full ninja replacement rights.

Right. So you want to make Beverly Hills Ninja.

Yes. Well, how would that work?

I would say this already.

And it seems like you would you would run into copyright issues.

Hold on, Scott. Hold on. Let me run some numbers here. Hold on.

Uh huh. See if we can one present there.

Carry the carry the I got to carry the twelve.

I should carry that twelve.

His calculator is a dead mouse sticker.

Uh huh. Surprised he's so into.

Yes, of course. Modernity.

And look, I love getting sick with it.

I roll every weekend. Hold on.

All right. You're going in a way.

It's like, all right. All right.

OK, Scott, here's the thing.

I can't offer you that.

Oh, well, and look, so wait, is this just the Beverly Hills Cop exclusion clause?

I think we're going to have to make a clause.

Well, because I well, why we because this is Scott brought up a really great issue.

OK, imagine you're the writer of three ninjas.

Yes. Imagine a different person is the writer of two guys, a girl and a pizza place.

Yeah. What if someone wants to make two ninjas, a girl and a pizza place?

Who gets those rights?

This is just writer with the subtraction.

Oh, yeah. This is why you write.

We're never going to make a deal because you're just not fucking coming to the table with, you know, bring me something.

It's like I'm look, I guess I'm making hundreds of millions of dollars a year on packaging your projects and I'm making more than the creators.

But I'm trying to give you ninja rights, baby.

And you're not even taking it.

You're fucking poking holes in it.

You know what, Scott? This is OK. All right.

I'll tell you what, you can have whatever ninja clauses you want, whatever ninja rights you want, Scott, and I will let you do ninja comedy.

Bang, bang at.

I'd say comedy ninja bang, please.

OK, we'll do comedy ninja bang and I will only take five percent of the back end.

I don't. You know, I don't even get.

I believe on the comedy bang bang TV show.

I don't even think I got five percent of the back end.

You're just the fucking guy who made the show.

I you know, I'm the one who's going to staff the thing.

In what way? I just put all my friends as the writers.

Well, yeah. You know, I worked out the deals and I signed the papers.

No, I mean, my lawyer like basically worked out the deal.

The agent just said he called me and said, hey, they want to buy it.

That's the only thing that he did.

OK, but then I you know, I sort of I did some stuff.

Scott, come on. You know, five percent.

No, I feel like you're more convincing.

Max and I not to make it. Yeah, I think because I mean, what's stopping me from adding a ninja to something I'm writing right now like that?

I guess maybe what he's trying to say is that it will it's preventative.

Yes, I say so it will.

No one has the rights to to add a ninja to any.

No one is allowed to add. So any ninja movie that comes out, if anyone were to say like, I'm sorry, but if you subtract the ninja from your story, all of those elements are exactly my story.

I say, yeah. Then then you have a lawsuit on.

Oh, my God. I'm trying to protect you guys.

OK, I don't even know that ninjas are really that popular at all.

All right. Have you seen Festival?

Great American Comedy Festival.

I just wanted to bring that up.

Nebraska, please stay away, please.

But add ninjas in that theater and you got something right there.

And look, I'll allow look, I'll allow it.

You can add a ninja to your set if you'd like.

And I only want one percent, one percent of what? Laughs.

You want all the audience to come and laugh?

Yeah, I sit off to the side and then when you get a sort of out of laughs, I want them to turn to the left.

Give me one. Turn to the left.

Turn to the right. Laugh at Sprig to whisper.

One out of every hundred.

I mean, I'm only doing 10 minutes.

So that's do you think you can get 100 laughs?

It's 10 per minute.

It's every minute. It's no setups and no punch lines.

It's going to be tricky. It's efficient.

Max, can I whisper to you for a second, please? I love it.

I think you're really talented guy. Thank you, Sprig.

And right now, I'll tell you what.

I kind of feel like this whole WGA thing's holding you back.

Oh, but I mean, are you a member of the WGA?

I'm a member of the WGA and I feel like, you know, I get health insurance from my guild. How would you like to write a ninja project under the table?

Is the ninja project called Under the Table?

Is that what you're saying? Under the Table.

Under this table? I mean, there's a ninja version of Chef's Table.

OK. Oh, wow. And they hide under the table.

Under the table. And then a really renowned chef makes food and then they pop up through the table and cut it in half.

Wait, so they're not attacking the chef.

They're just cutting the food in half?

Sort of a demonstration.

OK. It's really fun.

So you, you...

Nicole Byer hosted.

Oh, that's fantastic.

Oh, so it's unscripted.

So I wouldn't get credit.

No, it's an unscripted show.

I guess you're a ball of barista.

I'd have to write it physically under the table.

Maybe story editor credit?

Yeah. I mean, I would just...

Staff writer, whatever.

OK. I mean, that is something to kill to arbitrate.

Yeah. Yeah. And we can give you sort of half a script fee.

Oh, amazing.

But I'm writing the whole show and getting half a script fee?

Hey, buddy, I'm helping you out, my man.

I feel helped.

You know, I'm a good guy.

Yeah. I'm an honorary...

I roll every weekend.

We just met and you've yelled at me three times.

I feel like you're a good guy.

Do you want some ecstasy?

I would love some ecstasy.

Ecstasy? Yes.

It's an ecstasy pill.

Well, Scott, I don't do molly.

That's crazy.

I have ecstasy pills.

And these...

Ecstasy is pills you give out to your friends.

You email ecstasy to them.

Oh, the ecstasy.

Yeah.

It's pretty cool.

I'd like an extra BCC maybe.

Is that what you want?

You know what anyone should know?

Well, I don't fuck with that, Scott.

I do all my shit out in the open, baby.

I mean, you wear it right on your calculator.

Hell yes, baby.

Dead mouse.

You roll every weekend, I'd say.

Hell yes.

Yeah, Scott.

We never talked about this.

We've never...

I don't think that's ever come up.

Fucking Friday, six o'clock, I get out of a general and I basically pop a pill and copy my cough.

Oh, that's dangerous.

Yes.

It takes like 45 to get it.

You're still taking...

You're at Abrams, you're the head of the negotiator and you're taking generals?

Who are you trying to meet?

Up and coming scabs, of course.

And what city do you live in?

Oh, I live in Culver City.

Culver, oh, okay.

So it's not that far.

No, not that hard, not that hard.

So 45 minutes to kick in.

Hell yes.

You're home by then.

Culver City traffic though.

Yeah, it's not bad, but of course Abrams is in West Covina.

True.

So that's pretty far.

Abrams has like a...

Cause I thought Abrams was like that there was like kind of a big school bus with like a satellite dish on time.

They were always driving around.

Driving around, yes.

It's kind of like the Lincoln lawyer.

Coming to you, yeah.

He's like, Abrams, we come to you.

We come to you.

Look outside, we're there.

And there's a guy like on a computer and he's like, well, 10 feet away, five feet away.

And go, and then they pop out.

He's like the computer guy.

There's like feel good stories of like, I actually started in the back of the Abrams bus and I worked my way up.

Hell yeah.

So now I'm the driver, you know, I've been here 15 years.

I think he was a VO guy.

Well, I think if you were looking for specifics about where certain agencies are located, then you have found the right podcast.

And I hope we've caught up all the audience on the goings on in Hollywood and the union disputes and sort of the ninja holdups of this whole fucking thing.

Well, look, we need to take a break.

Speaking of ninja holdups, when we come back, we're going to have a stunt man and maybe ninjas could be added to whatever he's involved with.

Future ninja.

Please, please.

I don't think I've ever thrown to a break with a please in front of it.

Please enjoy this break.

And I'm sieging you.

Please come back after this.

We'll be right back with more comedy bang bang.

Comedy bang bang.

Welcome back.

We're a very special showbiz themed episode.

We have of course Sprague the Whisperer, who's an agent over at Abrams.

Yes, yes.

Okay, Lloyd, I want you to put a ninja in it.

Oh, he's on the phone.

Okay, put two ninjas.

Okay.

All right.

Okay.

We also have Max Silvestri who is showbiz themed.

He's doing a 10 minute set in Nebraska this coming Friday.

So two very different show business careers.

But let's bring on a...

I'm deeply connected, but yeah.

Let's bring on a third show business career because he is a stunt man.

Please welcome to the show Conroy.

Hey, Scott, how you doing?

Hey, how are you?

Conroy, it's so nice to meet you.

I am well, thank you for having me.

This is Max over here.

Pleasure, Max.

And Sprague.

Do you prefer I call you Sprague the Whisperer or?

I love the full name, but you can call me Spraguey if you're fucking froggy, baby.

Are you rolling right now?

Yeah.

Well, it is the weekend, Scott.

It's the freaking weekend.

Of course.

Of course I'm rolling.

That calculator that you wear on a necklace, which I've never seen before, but I'm like you probably have lots of...

It goes well with the cloak.

It's pretty sick.

You were licking the dead mouse sticker during the break.

Does that have the ecstasy in it?

Oh yes, that's got a little bit of ecstasy.

Oh my God.

Just a little different.

I'm fucked up.

You guys, let's talk to my boy.

Don't go over here.

Dead mouse hands out scratch and sniff ecstasy stickers and shots.

Oh, wow.

So it's like a smell, but instead.

You don't gotta tell me about it, baby.

Hey, my man.

Hey.

All right, they just low five.

Yeah.

Wow.

Slow and slow.

I like this guy.

Under the table.

You're still doing it.

It's still occurring.

It's the lowest five I've ever given.

The slowest one as well.

My knuckles are dragging on the ground.

Hi, Conroy.

How you doing?

It's great to see you.

And it's fantastic to be here.

Welcome to the show.

I'm so interested in stunt people.

I used several of them in my various projects and the art form is very intriguing to me.

And to be clear, I do have a very specific type of stunt work.

Oh, great.

Okay.

And a lot of people, they specialize in falling on things.

A lot of people can specialize in vehicular stunts.

Yes, yes.

All very respectable types of stunts.

I, of course, am a stunt kisser.

So.

Stunt kisser.

And a lot of people are not aware of this, but one of the most dangerous things for a celebrity is the kissing scene.

Okay, what would be dangerous about the kissing scene?

Well, I'm talking lip bites.

Okay.

Tongue ties.

I guess herpes simplex one.

Herpes simplex one is, yeah.

You can absolutely get that.

I guess like poking someone with your erection, it might hurt someone's stomach or.

That's the number one reason actually.

Like open up their guts and their guts spill out because you've got a sharp boner and it's just like, that's all their guts.

That's right.

John Travolta.

I'm looking at my guts.

I don't want to see these things.

That's the issue with losing your guts is having to see them in front of you.

You never want to see your own guts.

You mentioned John Travolta?

Oh, John Travolta is one of the reasons that they started this.

From Three Michaels?

Yes.

Did he end up making it into Three Michaels?

I can't remember.

I thought they replaced him with Jeremy Renner in the third one.

Oh yeah, I believe they may have.

But a fantastic film.

It kind of back to the basics in my opinion.

Sure, yeah.

Three Michaels, we're back to just one.

Well, I heard they're making more Michaels, which is gonna be live on Saturday at 1130.

Well, I'm there for it.

I am there for it.

And I wanted to be here today to kind of see how surprised you were when I told you about this.

I was fairly shocked and my hair raised just a tiny bit.

I thought maybe that you were scared when your hair raised like that.

Yeah, that's usually, that happens when someone is very frightened, their hair goes fully vertical.

Either that or they're in a science museum, of course.

Right, of course, thank you.

Is that what you like to do when you're rolling?

Go to the science museum and just play around at the exhibits?

The touches and the smells, I get so hot.

How much would I weigh on the moon?

I'm so high.

It's sick.

You and me gotta check out the Exploratoriums, Frankie.

Hell yes, I'll explore them.

At least we've made a friendship here.

Yeah, wow.

Absolutely.

This handshake's still going under the table.

Hey, it's not stopping anytime soon, Max.

Get in or get out is what I gotta say.

Why did you bring up John Travolta?

Well, because he's the reason that they started casting stuntmen.

You were talking about an erection stabbing somebody in the guts.

And on the film, on the set of Welcome Back, Carter, he had a kissing scene.

He did, with whom?

I don't recall.

Well, it was not an actress that became a name actress because she saw her own guts and died that day.

Oh, okay.

So another student or a teacher?

It was Mrs. Carter.

Oh my God.

They hired an actress to play Mrs. Carter.

She was gonna be a series regular and he stabbed her in the guts.

His erection stabbed her in the guts.

She saw them, which then caused her to be so frightened that she died.

But she died.

Classic Hollywood story.

And out of respect for her, they're like, we should never recast this character.

Right, they rewrote the whole show after.

They had a whole plan.

Didn't they call it Welcome Back, the widower Mr. Carter for a while?

Yeah.

Yeah, that was, I think, the fourth season.

Right, that was the Valerie's place.

I don't know the reference, actually.

By the way, if you're here for 70s references to spin-offs, this is also the podcast for you.

But, so they had to start doing stunt kisses.

And I, you know, people are listening.

I'm not just some guy.

Yeah, I hope they are.

And I, please, as Scott said, please be listening.

Please, please, I hope they came back.

Oh man, can you imagine if they didn't come back after that break?

Please.

Trembling on bended knees.

If you came back, if you didn't come back, tweet at us right now and let us know you left so that we can know.

But I've done some of, I've done three VMA winning best kisses, or not VMA, MTV Movie Award best kisses.

Sure, yeah.

You know.

You've won.

Well, I was a part of them, and I don't get any credit for that.

Oh, I see, the actor is nominated for best kiss, but you're the one who actually did it.

That's exactly right.

Describe your process, what happens?

You arrive on set, I guess not from the, cut to the middle, yeah, we don't need to know.

Like, you get in your car.

Okay.

What do you say when you come in the door?

So there I am.

Hi, how are you?

How are you?

Nice to see you.

It's usually hello.

How's everybody doing?

Did you guys also park downstairs?

Yeah, yeah.

Is it, oh, is the fourth row underground okay?

Or is that still employees?

And everybody kind of assures me.

Okay, good, good.

Then I pop out the car max like you do.

And let's say, I mean, which film do we want to talk about?

Let's go Independence Day.

Independence Day, you were, I don't recall there being a lot of kissing in that, but maybe a Vivica Fox and Will Smith.

Vivica Fox and Will Smith won the MTV Movie Award best kiss that year.

Oh, okay, I don't recall.

I think the scene is he picks her up off the ground, he says, welcome to Earth, and then he makes out with her in the water.

Oh no, I don't think she's an alien in that.

That's not what happened?

No.

Are you sure?

No, the aliens had taken her up to the ship and then she fell out when the aliens died.

So she landed.

Oh, so he says, welcome to Earth.

Welcome to Earth, and then he- Welcome back, Earther was- Welcome back, the widower Earther.

So you were Will Smith, or who were you in that scene?

Well, I was both.

So that scene, yes, that scene, we couldn't find an actress, a stunt woman at the time.

Okay, was it a specialized field back then in 1994 or five?

Like many Hollywood films, it was woefully behind the times with diversity.

So a lot of stunt kissers were white men and folks.

So they would, what do they call that?

They would wig you?

What's the practice when they put a wig on a male stunt person?

Unfortunately, I think what we call this is blackface, for this film in particular, and they wigged me also.

It's something that I'm not proud of, but we did it at the time.

But you brought it up at the, just without any provocation.

Well, you know, because- I imagine there's hundreds of movies you've stunt kissed for and this is the one we're talking about.

You said, huh, what movie should I talk about?

Independence Day.

I'm not gonna throw lipstick on this pig, okay?

You wanted to call it wigging me.

I'm gonna tell you what it was.

It's just lipstick on this wig.

Which we thankfully do.

And now I will say, Scott, now, of course, I've seen this kiss and it was tasteful.

There wasn't any tiptoe, you know, shooing around.

It wasn't like some- It was, yes, it was blackface.

It was akin to Robert Downey Jr.

in that Tropic Thunder movie.

I mean, it was definitely blackface, but that shit was funny as hell.

We all let it go.

We never said a word about it.

I mean- He's fucking Iron Man.

Same with Tom Cruise as the Jew in that movie.

We all loved it.

We let it go.

Yes, he's a money hungry Jewish man.

But I'm talking about this now because I do have a tell all book out about this whole experience.

Okay, all right.

You're gonna tell 100% of everything?

110%.

Wow, that's even more.

I was trained by a stunt kisser.

Really?

The fantastic Lyles Lovett.

And he always used to say- Lyles Lovett the singer?

Lyles Lovett.

That's right, yes.

Was he married to Julius Roberts?

Yeah.

Is that like a t-shirt you can get on Facebook that like Lyles do it better or whatever that you get for your- Oh, we gotta get this t-shirt going.

We got to get, Kevin, get the t-shirt going.

So the two t-shirts that have come out of today are Lyles Do It Better and This Is Kevin.

That's Kevin.

We'll have a t-shirt off and see which sells better.

A t-shirt off.

I mean, if we could throw a third one out there for doing t-shirts, how about It's Not Wigs, It's Blackface.

Ah.

I'm not sure about that.

It may just be a two-sided t-shirt off.

I say we let the fans vote.

It's like the Amazon pilot system.

Let's put them out there and see what people like.

It's true.

And you might be disappointed in what your fans end up deciding to wear around.

The famously successful and enduring Amazon pilot system to this day.

Bader's got a second seat.

I say you could change it.

It's not wig, it's ninja face.

And then I'll take some of the percentage.

Okay.

I'm not sure about ninja face as ninjas are traditionally- Faces are covered.

So you don't know.

Oh, that's true.

Sure.

American Ninja, he was a Westerner.

It seems that they called it American Ninja because ninjas are traditionally non-American.

No, I think it was because- Not original.

It used to be the American president.

That's actually what happened.

I mean, that's true.

They changed it.

Scott, you gotta catch up on this ninja stuff.

Sorry, what were we talking about?

I have lost track.

You got so nervous right then.

You jerked your hand away from the low five.

I'm so sorry.

Sorry, I was caught unawares in that moment.

I was thinking of the American Ninja films.

Well, what's in the book?

Well, it's called- What's in the book?

What's in the book?

And yes, yes, Gwyneth's head is in the book.

I'll spoil it right there for you.

With you kissing it?

Yeah.

There's a cut scene from Seven where he is so sad, he has a kissing scene.

So he kisses the severed head?

Yes.

Oh no, I got to kiss him, no.

And that was a clip.

We just got it and played it and everyone heard it right there.

Oh wow, yeah, that's incredible.

I see that was a stunt.

That was a difficult one.

It was a difficult stunt.

I prepared for four weeks of choreography with that.

Right, you were playing Gwyneth in that.

I was the severed head, so yes.

How did you get your head?

I mean, it looked like it was actually severed.

How did you do that?

I bet they dug a hole in the sand.

Oh, okay.

He was in sand up to his neck.

God.

That would have been a fantastic idea.

What did they do instead?

I wish we had.

No, what they ended up doing was they put a green suit on my body.

Okay.

I did a handstand and then I twisted my neck and put it up through the box.

And now that I'm here in the sand.

So your head was pointed up.

My head and body were both up parallel to each other.

So the headstand was just, you didn't need to do that at all?

No wonder you're a stunt man.

I couldn't do that.

I don't think any other human being could do that.

Well, that's what they train you.

All right.

You're just imagining that.

You're like hot in a Molly hole.

Dude, I'm rolling balls.

Sorry, but it is sick, wow.

Yeah, my man.

So, you know, it's all those types of stories like that.

That you learn a little bit about the behind the scenes.

It's called.

What's it called?

Yeah.

If These Lips Could Talk.

And it's.

Usually, usually lips are quite able to talk.

It's kind of the only version of that title.

Many other things can.

We wish other things were lips so they could talk.

Yeah, I wish I had lips everywhere so I could talk a lot.

Okay.

That's another great t-shirt.

I wish I had lips everywhere.

Well, much like the digging a hole in the sand idea.

I wish I had known this before printing out all of them.

And it's too late to change it.

It is far too late, I printed out the book covers.

We're on Amazon.

If we change the title now, we'd lose all the reviews we have so far.

Oh, okay, how many reviews are you currently in possession?

650.

Wow, that's so many reviews, wow.

That's hot.

Well, and you know, we've made it to three stars.

And so I'm excited.

Oh, congratulations, out of six, okay, yeah.

Is it out of six?

No, I was gonna say out of 650 reviews, you've gone, because usually when you have that big of a sample, you know, there's gonna be a ton of people who don't like it, a ton of people who do like it.

Every review is three stars.

Oh, okay.

Every single one.

Across the board, everyone thought- Okay, I don't know that that's really- Unanimously average somehow.

And you know, none of them are Amazon verified customers.

Oh, they're not verified users, okay.

So if you are a verified user and you wanna pop on Amazon, I'm not asking for a five star review.

You're just asking for a three.

Three would be super helpful.

Okay.

Has anyone posted pictures of them reading the book, but it like kinda reveals they have a disgusting home behind them, because that's how I make decisions on Amazon is like, this is what it looked like when I unboxed it and also look at this filthy office I have that I'm showing for some reason.

I'm glad you asked.

We have a lot of those and they are accompanied by long reviews that are clearly by people who wish they had become writers.

Criticizing the structure.

Starts with a backstory of their own.

Yes, so part of it is about the, it seems like they're involving some of their Yelp review from the night before into the book review.

It's like my husband and I don't go out to dinner often.

It's confusing.

It sounds like a penthouse letter as well.

Well, that's part of the, some of the reviews too.

Really?

Because of my wife's illness, I could only read this book after 1 a.m.

So it was tough to get into at the top with her screaming and the folding chair I sleep on and anyway.

So I suggested to her, maybe we should involve a third in the relationship since you're so sick right now.

I can't tell which one are we?

Are we at Yelp?

Are we at Amazon?

Are we at Penthouse Forum?

The title's confusing.

If these lips could talk, maybe they're talking about pussy lips.

Okay, Sprague.

All right, Sprague.

Sorry.

This is the trouble.

This is the trouble when I have all men on the show.

When I start rolling, I can't stop, baby.

It's all good, Sprague.

Give me a little side hug.

You are unhipped today, Sprague.

Let me get it together.

Hold on, let me tighten my tie.

All right, tell you what.

Please, we need to take a break.

Please, please.

Can we come back?

Please, everyone come back.

Pretty please.

I hope the mention of pussy lips hasn't turned anyone off of the show, but we are gonna come back.

I wanna hear a little bit more about the book and the various chapters and the indices.

Fantastic.

So please, please come back.

We'll be right back with more Comedy Bang Bang after this.

♪ Ma ma ma ma ma ma ma ♪ Comedy Bang Bang, we are back.

Max Silvestri from the He's a Great American.

And do you have to prove how great of an American you are?

Is there some sort of citizenship test when you- So I have 10 minutes to perform, and I think the first two to three minutes I have to- Be patriotic of some sort?

Sing both the Star Spangled Banner and God Bless America.

And obviously that one's a little harder.

Everyone knows Star Spangled.

Okay, that's my favorite Sir Francis Scott Key song.

Yeah.

Yeah, it's pretty good.

I mean, like, look, I have the album, but that's the first track, and how often do I get to the ending album?

Not that often.

How big is that CD?

I mean, it's only one song.

I have to keep it outside.

Oh my gosh.

This is Songs in the Key of Francis?

Well, no, that's- If these lips could sing.

I believe is what it's called.

We also have Sprague the Whisperer, who is just tripping balls right now.

All right, I'm coming down a little bit.

You are, okay.

I'm peaking and I'm coming down- So why are you licking the back of your calculator again?

I'm trying to come back up, baby.

All right.

Now, Scott, could you, I'm sorry, could you continue to say Comedy Ninja Bang as the show goes on?

Okay, sure, Comedy Ninja Bang.

Right now I'm losing money every few minutes that we're not in Comedy Ninja Bang.

All right, welcome back to Comedy Ninja Bang.

We also have Conroy, who is an author and a stunt person.

He is a stunt kisser.

That's right.

And how do, can I ask about the, it's a process question.

It's just totally, you know.

People love this stuff.

Okay.

People love to hear about process.

Are you kissing the other actresses or are you kissing other stunt people?

It depends.

Some people do their own stunts.

Jackie Chan does his own kisses.

Really?

He's always kissing people in movies too.

Yes, he's a romantic lead.

He's a heartthrob.

It rumbled to the bros.

Especially in the Ninja world, trust me.

He's very, oh yes.

He's huge in the Ninja world.

Oh my God, Duncan Boxer, he's like so sexy.

Drew Barrymore does her own kisses.

Oh, but that one movie, she didn't have any of them.

Never Been Kissed.

Right.

Yes, that was a tough one for her acting wise.

And for the stunt kissingers' careers as well.

That's like Jackie Chan putting on a movie called I'm Never Going to Do Any Sort of Kung Fu or Martial Arts.

Stunt free movie, Jackie Chan.

What was the one he did with Luke Wilson or Owen Wilson?

Shanghai Noon.

Around the World in 80 Days.

That was with Steve Coogan.

Steve Coogan?

Stuck in a Basket with Steve Coogan, the subtitle of it.

It's a pretty good movie.

Who Steve Coogan does a pretty offensive British character in Tropic Thunder that nobody talks about.

No, but that movie gets a pass.

Can I ask you a question?

Were you involved in the upside down Spider-Man kiss?

And this is the question I always have to feel.

Because I heard there was a big injury that day.

There was a huge injury that day.

I fell on Kirsten Dunst.

Oh my God, no.

But your head was upside down, but weren't you just standing straight up and you would turn your head upside down?

Yes, I was standing and I turned my head.

You were wearing a green chef's hat facing up and then turned your neck around.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

So I bring all my own green screen materials.

Exactly.

I get 19 more dollars per green screen thing I use.

Is that that duffel bag over there is full of the green stuff?

Well, I'm sorry.

The duffel bag over there is full of green screen stuff?

Yes, yes.

Do you have various outfits, like people who go to commercial auditions, like with a chef outfit and a waiter outfit?

You got your blue shirt for the best buy.

Well, I used to audition for commercials and I would show them all my outfits in the audition.

But they would all be green?

Yes, it's all green.

And so it's like, you can do anything with me.

Well, it's a Ravey FX budget.

Now, when you do that, do you put on all the outfits at once and take them off one at a time?

Or are you changing, getting full naked and then putting- Once again, Max, you're three for three with ideas that would have been helpful for me yesterday.

Wow.

I do a full wardrobe change in front of everybody.

Sure, yeah.

And the clothes are tight and I go quick so I don't take my shoes off.

So they always get stuck around the shoe.

Always, you feel like that's gonna be quicker, but it's not.

Yeah, it's a thing way longer.

It takes longer.

The shoe gets fully stuck.

Hopping around, slamming your back into the drywall, the whole posters are rattling of the films they cast 18 years ago.

Yeah, I mean, an eight heads in a duffel bag poster all fell on my head last night because I was auditioning for- And a ninja.

Yeah.

And yes, baby.

Eight heads and a ninja in a duffel bag.

That's a movie.

I'm selecting on that baby.

She's back.

So process-wise- She's head.

Process-wise what now?

Yes.

Process-wise- Process-wise what now?

That's a shirt.

I'm actually- Process-wise what now?

Okay, so, listeners, go ahead and tweet at Scott.

Don't give any context, but tweet your favorite shirt.

The options are, this is Canon.

Yes, that's Canon.

That's Canon.

What was the other one?

Oh God, the fact that we can't remember does not bode well for the shirt.

The one we forgot.

It was based on you too.

I remember mine.

It's Blackface.

It's not wig, yes.

It's not wig, it's Blackface.

So if you like that one, tweet at Scott.

Yeah, by the way, and the 100% chance I will not know what you're referencing, I will have forgotten this episode immediately after recording it.

And of course, Pesche's Back, the, not the front runner in my opinion, but maybe a good name for a horse.

Just Pesche's Back?

Pesche's Back?

Pesche's Back.

I don't know, what do you think?

When you say good name for a horse, are you interested in horse riding?

Were you involved at all in Santa Anita with all those horses dying?

I just became involved in Santa Anita in the last six months.

It's not a good time.

They've had like 20 horses die recently.

I know, and I hate to admit it started the day after I started riding that.

Okay, is there any- Is there any correlation?

Well, I was trying to do a thing because this stunt kissing is dangerous.

Yes.

So you're trying to branch out?

I'm trying to branch out.

Okay, you were gonna become some sort of equestrian owner or you were working there?

Well, much like season three of The Sopranos, a friend of mine owned a horse that I fell in love with.

Oh, okay.

And so I became heavily involved in the races.

Fell in love with, when you say that, what exactly do you mean?

Not like that.

Just in the sense of I'm a sociopath and can only make connections with animals.

Well, okay, then what did you think?

Okay, well anyway.

So when you kiss the horse on the mouth, you're like, this doesn't mean anything.

This is my job.

I do this all day long, every day, and then you keep kissing the horse.

Yes, kissing a human gives me nothing because I do it for work.

Oh, and after you became a stunt- And after you became a gynecologist, how do they get excited by- Exactly.

By when their girlfriend puts her legs up on some sort of mountain.

In stirrups.

Speaking of stirrups, tell us about these horses.

Well, I fell in love with one.

Wow.

And then I've seen it, you know, I've seen it having- Did you have to put peanut butter on your lips or?

Well, I had to put peanut butter on my lips to talk to the horse.

Sure, sure.

It's the only way the horse would understand me communication-wise.

But to kiss, it was just an immediate connection.

Oh my gosh.

But some of those other fucking horses started getting in there, Oh, like to the kiss.

Licking my horse.

You know, the nuzzling- Trying to do like triple kisses.

Triple kisses.

Also, all crowns.

Trying to do an MHH kind of situation?

Male horse horse?

Yes, I wish I'd been in some parties like that.

It was an MMHFH, which is a male horse, female horse.

Okay, got it, got it.

Yes, male horse, female horse.

We don't know, is the female horse male horse?

So we're no judgment either way.

Oh, none taken on behalf of the horses.

But the horse I fell in love with was a female.

Oh, okay.

But these horses started to encroach on my game.

Oh, okay.

So trying to horse cock block you.

Yes.

Yeah, and those are big.

Absolutely, it's hard to block.

You got to have ninja moves going on to try to block those cocks.

Tell me about it.

Which, if I could steal that idea, I'd love to pitch a movie about a ninja.

Go ahead, no more, my man.

He's right here pitching.

Say no more.

It's just the scene from John Wick 3 with the horses, but it's a ninja and it's using horse dicks to knock people out.

I love it, I want 10% on the back end.

Okay.

10% on the back end.

And I'm gonna put my boy Max in this.

Oh, wow.

Which 10% of the horse penis, the end or the middle?

Just the tip.

Right before the tip, you know, the part leading up to the tip.

The middle.

The middle, yes.

Like I always say, I tip 10%.

Please, please keep listening.

Do you say that every time you have sex?

And every time at a restaurant, I tell the waiter or the waitress up front, they're never excited.

I'm like, just so you know, I don't need to hear that.

No, no, no, is this horse stuff in the book?

Cause I feel like you said you were telling a hundred percent of your story.

This is a huge part of it.

No, I left this out.

That's huge.

Cause you had to start printing the book a while ago and this is only in the last six months.

This is the last six months.

The book has been in the world.

The printing alone I started two years ago.

Oh, yeah.

Really?

How did the horses die?

Oh, well, I took the shoes off.

I stole their shoes.

To get them more comfortable?

And they got so comfortable.

They didn't want to race anymore.

And so everyone shot them.

And so the people just shot the horses.

Yeah, a lot of people think they died on the track.

No.

These are all.

Just like you don't want to race anymore?

Here you go, back of the dome.

Motherfuckers at Santa Anita, I would say that.

Well, I'm just glad that you didn't.

Cause it sounds like kissing horses does have a romantic meaning for you in the way that kissing humans doesn't.

So I'm just glad you didn't get a big sharp boner and cut open their tummies.

Yeah, so they would have to look at their guts.

And die.

Yeah.

People shot them.

That's not what happened.

Don't look into it.

People shot them.

And if they happened to have their guts spilled at some point, it was after the shooting, someone is maybe looking to sleep inside of them.

So you're telling us to not look into it.

Do not look into this.

Weird, it's alright.

I'll take that advice.

I'll take it.

I don't normally just look into things all the time.

I'm not an entirely inquisitive person by nature.

No, I've got my own shit going on, but I will not look into it.

Thanks Sprig, I beg you do not look into this.

You're beseeching.

I'm on my hands and knees.

Let's just let the horse death go.

Other than the one hand, which is still doing that low five.

Yeah, and I kind of feel like you're not on your hands and knees.

You're kind of at a greed screen right now, sort of doing a hand stab.

Yeah, there's like movement of your hands.

It's like you're passing him peanuts or something.

It's like one at a time, you're thumbing something into his hand.

Nope, that's just my little fingers in between his paws.

Don't look into this.

Which is also what I say when my big sharp boner cuts open someone's guts.

I say, don't look into those.

Because you don't want to see your guts.

You don't want to die of fright, yeah.

Absolutely.

Well, congratulations.

The book is out now on Amazon and over 600 reviews, all three stars.

No purchases yet.

No purchases, just people reviewing.

I think people are getting it at the library.

Cause I put it up at the library.

Yeah, getting word out.

So please check it out.

Give me a review.

Literally check it out.

Please check it out of the library.

Books, check them out.

Your eyes lit up so wide when you said that.

Like you had something really special.

It's special to me, Scott.

Is that a shirt?

I don't know.

It's special to me, Scott.

Books, check it out.

That might already be a shirt.

You are so high right now.

You're going back up.

Scott, I'm fucked up, baby.

I want to make t-shirts and rub them on my fucking body.

Now might be the best time to negotiate with them.

It's true.

I'll take any deal.

Well, look, we do need to wrap it up here.

We only have one final feature here on the show and that is of course a little something called Plugs.

♪ I'm moving out to sunny Los Angeles ♪ ♪ Even if my parents do not approve of this ♪ ♪ Cause one day they'll be saying hot dang ♪ ♪ When they hear me do my plugs ♪ ♪ I'll call it bang bang ♪ ♪ Oh yeah, yeah ♪ Very nice.

That was Hear Em Do Em Plugs by Cold Glow.

Cold Glow.

Thanks to Cold Glow for that.

Sounded like Bon Iver a little bit.

A little bit without the vocal or the auto tune, I guess going on.

Yeah. You a big Bon Iver fan?

Huge.

Yeah.

Or a big horse Bon Iver fan.

Well, that's how I got into him.

Is I saw the name and I was like, Bon Iver, what about horse Bon Iver?

Well, I guess I'll listen.

Give it a chance in case I'm not reading some of the letters correctly or...

Not how I got into him, but yeah, I guess.

We all have our stories about how we got into him.

Oh yes.

Well, I was hanging out with my friend Bon Quiff.

And I said, guess.

Another, another...

He said, Bon like Bon Iver.

And I said, what?

And then Quiff like a pussy fucking.

And then I looked it up and then it's just pretty good.

All right.

And next you have your own story you mentioned?

Yeah. I'm a Sopranos fan as well.

And I always used to watch that show and be like, you know, the thing he's kind of a bad guy, but Tony Fair, Tony Fair.

Tony Fair.

And then Bon Iver came out and was like, oh, finally a band based on how Tony was always here.

How I feel about Tony.

What'd you just call?

Oh, I have never heard of them.

Oh yes.

All right. What do we plug in Max?

Obviously you have a great opportunity coming up.

I'm talking to the listeners to see Max in his prime.

I mean, you mentioned you're 36 years old.

Is that what you said?

I'm 36 years old.

36 years old.

It could be all downhill from here.

We have no idea.

I can't imagine.

I'm getting more tired.

You know, a lot of people, once they pass the 10,000 hours, they're really good at something.

I don't know.

You keep doing 10 minutes at a time or 15 minutes.

I'm not sure if you've hit the 10,000 hours yet.

You know, I do 10 minutes about once a month.

And so it's just getting really hard to hit that number.

And if anything, I'm slowing down.

So this might be your last chance to see him just really good.

More than nine minutes.

So please come to the great American Comedy Festival.

It's just too much set for you.

Oh my God.

I mean, I have to drink so much water just during that 10 minutes.

I've got no time to talk.

And people can still see your Netflix special, right?

Yes, I'm on the comedy lineup on Netflix and social media.

Very good.

Have you ever heard any numbers from that?

Or did it come out and then Netflix never spoke to you again?

The latter.

Okay, good to know.

They haven't taken it down.

So I feel like that's a big- Do they ever take anything down?

I mean, that they, an original that they paid for.

I don't know.

Have they ever taken anything down?

I'm really, I wonder about that sometimes.

I don't, I imagine they just love leaving it up there, but there must be a lot of hard disk space at a certain point.

They did change the name of Scrotal Recall, I think.

Scrotal Recall.

Somehow that name didn't- They also made, they turned Ibiza into Ibiza Love Drunk because they found out that people didn't know, they didn't know what Ibiza was, but they thought it was a travel documentary.

The words Love Drunk Play Great on Netflix.

Interesting.

Not a joke, not a joke.

So check out Ibiza Love Drunk.

Really?

You gotta talk to Gilly about that.

Love Drunk Ninja, okay.

Love Drunk Ninja.

Oh, that's something.

Love Plus Drunk, like Romeo Plus Juliet Plus Ninja.

Love Plus Drunk, okay.

I feel like Romeo and Juliet would have ninja rights to that.

Cause they would subtract Romeo and Juliet.

See, this is what projects aren't getting made.

Things aren't happening because these fucking writers won't budge me.

You're the one offering these rights, which are gonna be slowing everything down.

They won't budge.

All right, Sprague, what do you have to do with the plugs?

Well, of course, Scott, I- And Max.

And Conroy, yeah, put Conroy in this.

Scott!

Max Conroy.

Oh, thank you.

People on the street, people of the earth.

I would like to plug the season finale of the show, Abbeys on NBC, viciously canceled- I thought that was called Arbeys.

It's called Abbeys.

It was a huge, huge mistake because everyone thinks the show's called Abbeys.

And they were like, I'll just go to it.

I don't need to watch it.

I don't think I'm gonna watch people write Abbeys.

I can just do it myself.

It's like no one watches Top Chef.

They're like, I don't wanna watch people cook food.

I wanna eat food.

I'm my own Top Chef.

So of course, Abbeys, not Abbeys.

Top Chef and a ninja.

Oh, we already talked about it.

We talked about that, yeah.

Yeah.

You see, oh, Scott, anyways, the season finale of Abbeys is this Thursday, of course, viciously canceled by NBC Universal.

Do you wanna say anything to these motherfuckers at NBC?

No, because- I don't wanna say anything to Top Down.

I don't because we have another project in the works.

Oh, you do?

What's your project?

Abbeys Ninja.

Now this is a different show.

It's about a person named Abbeys.

She runs a bar in her backyard.

And of course- Is she a former infantry person?

She's a former Marine.

And of course, she has a ninja there.

Of course.

One of the crazy customers.

So look out for that.

She owns it.

It's Abbeys Ninja.

Can I just say that from what you said about the Arbeys thing, it feels like you may not have fixed your major problem.

Yeah, because now it looks like Arbeys Ninja.

Yes, yes.

Arbeys Ninja.

Like I'm gonna go to Arbeys for a ninja?

I have a ninja here.

All right.

Maybe I'll change the name to Cabbies.

Cabbies.

Are people think it's Cabbies?

I'm gonna have to go back to the drawing board.

I don't know.

I'm not quite naming things, Scott.

But look out for that season.

So you named Abbeys.

I did.

Look out for that season finale this Thursday, of course.

This Thursday.

Yes, and R.I.P. Rudy North, and yes.

And Shipwrecked is a- Shipwrecked, it was a show that is no longer in existence.

And I think- They haven't taken that down.

Guys, we're talking about a show called Wrecked.

It's on TBS, the TBS app, and it's good as hell, baby.

It's good as hell.

People should just check it out.

Check it out.

It's all probably out there.

Check it out.

You've got your boy, Zach Cragga.

Just like a library book.

Books!

Check them out!

You're still so happy.

It's like I rediscovered something from my childhood.

All right, Conroy, we're plugging your book, obviously.

If These Lips Could Talk.

If These Lips Could Talk, tentative title now because of Max's observation.

Sure.

And let's see, you can always listen for a laugh or two, the Big Grande's Teacher's Laugh.

One laugh or two.

Not six per minute.

No, I guarantee you will laugh twice.

Six per minute sounds like a lot.

Big Grande's- Laughing at it or laughing with it?

Laughing at the fact that you reached a point- At the sheer audacity.

That these guys could even do these kind of jokes.

Okay, great.

You know, that kind of thing.

And this is, what are we talking about?

It's a podcast on Stitcher Premium, an improvised podcast.

And it's called?

Big Grande's Teacher's Laugh.

And, oh, go ahead.

Aren't some of the seasons, the previous seasons available everywhere?

Yes, I believe seasons one through five are on earwolf.com and iTunes.

And you can get those in Apple Podcasts, anywhere you get your podcasts, you're able to get those now.

And they were behind a paywall for a while, weren't they?

They were, and now they're free.

So if you paid for the paywall, you wasted your money, baby.

Laughing.

But if you're still paying for it, you can hear the new ones.

Absolutely.

Awesome.

And I guess check out the TV show, American Princess on Sunday nights on Lifetime.

I do a few kissing scenes in that.

Oh, you?

Yes.

Okay.

And do they cast princesses that are exclusively American?

Yes, well, it's co-produced with Johnny Carson's great American comedy festival.

Okay.

Wait, this is just American Ninja, minus a ninja plus a princess.

I'm losing money left and right on this show.

I want to plug Clusterfest.

We're doing a live comedy bang bang at Clusterfest, not this weekend, but next weekend.

And we got some great guests there.

Also doing a live Are You Talking to Our Yemry Me with a bunch of great guests.

And so that's up in San Francisco.

Come see those.

And Wanna, you know, like I said last week, the Between Two Ferns movie coming out September 20th, we were finally able to talk about that.

So warm up your television sets, or I'm not sure if it'll be in theaters or not, but get your Netflix subscription in order by September 20th to watch that.

All right, let's close up the old plug bag.

♪ Close your eyes and open up that bag ♪ ♪ Close your eyes and open up that bag ♪ ♪ You gotta get those eyes closed, yeah ♪ ♪ Open the bag, yeah ♪ ♪ Don't be closing, don't be closing ♪ ♪ Open up and let's get loaded ♪ ♪ Let's get loaded ♪ ♪ Open up the bag, open up the bag ♪ ♪ Open up the bag, open up the bag ♪ ♪ Open up the motherfucking bag ♪ ♪ Open up the bag, open up the bag ♪ Guys, I wanna thank you very much.

Max, so good to see you.

Welcome back to the show and always a pleasure.

Anytime you have anything, I would say 10 minutes and above.

Please come back.

See you in a while.

So web videos, I'm not sure about.

What if you push them all together?

Maybe take two things and add them together.

If that's over, Ted, then you can come back.

All accepted, yeah.

Sprague, always good to see you.

Congrats on your new situation.

We're gonna make a deal.

This shit's gonna blow over.

All right, great.

And Conroy, so good to see you.

That was very cute.

I did not ask for that.

Everybody wants a kiss, baby.

No, that's actually not.

I would say, if we could end this with a kiss, I think there's a great way to end the episode.

We get to see you at work.

Do your stunts, you know?

Okay.

So I guess, are we all gonna kiss?

Yeah, let's all lean into a four way kiss.

All right, I'm into it.

All right, no, I'm gonna fucking love it.

As long as I'm prepared for it, I'm okay with it.

All right, let me just get the green suit on here.

Okay, yeah, oh my God.

That's, you have to get fully naked to put that on.

You could have just worn the green suit under the clothes.

I'll pull it over the shoe.

You should have a tearaway, breakaway suit next time.

This is gonna take fucking fun.

I'm wearing snow shoes.

It's so hard to pull it on over the snow shoes.

Well, because I didn't know what the weather was gonna be like today.

All right, you know what the moment's like.

Yeah, I don't think that we're gonna kiss anymore.

I guess there's my guts.

Oh no, he pumped his own goat style.

Don't look, Max.

Don't look.

All right, we'll see you next time.

Thanks, bye.
