♪♪ God never closes a door like a real jerk.

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

Ah, thank you to Captain Pukefish.

Captain Pukefish.

Oh, welcome back, Captain Pukefish, our old friend to the catchphrases.

And welcome back to all of you who have returned to listening, be it your second show or be it your six hundred and fifth show.

Welcome back to you.

And my name is Scott Aukerman, host of Comedy Bang Bang.

And if it's your first time ever listening, welcome to you.

And if you happen to be a dad or a grad, welcome to you.

This is your month.

So enjoy yourself.

Feel free to knock about the show and listen to parts of it or skip to the end, skip to the middle, whatever you like to do.

This is your month.

Dads and grads, you can do whatever you want.

You have free reign.

In a couple of weeks, though, I'm shutting it down, shutting it down.

July 1st.

In fact, I would say I'm even going to say 11.59 p.m.

of June 30th.

Stop it. Stop it.

What is June 30th, by the way, this this month?

What are we?

It's oh, just oh, wow.

A Sunday. What?

I'm hearing all these whispers.

Oh, my God. Am I hearing things?

Nitro burning funny cars.

Welcome. I enjoyed that.

Welcome to the show.

We have a wonderful show.

A little later, we have a park ranger.

We'll be on the show.

And also a treasure hunter.

That's very exciting.

So two very interesting jobs.

If you've never heard the show before, I talked to the world's most interesting people, and this show is no exception.

Before we get to those two, though, I do want to welcome our guests.

It's their first time on the show.

They have they are listeners, from what I understand.

I'll never forget my six hundred and fifth show.

Oh, yes. They are in a band.

They know each other.

They do not know me.

This is their first time meeting me, but they know each other.

Certainly. It's going great.

It's feeling so good. I thought so.

I thought there was some heat. Yeah.

And by the way, I'll update listeners on whether we physically touch before the day is through.

I know I forgot to mention that for the Seth Green episode.

By the way, Seth Green and I did not touch at the end of the show when he was on a couple of weeks ago.

We said goodbye and we just kind of waved at each other.

So we did not physically touch.

Now, it felt like it. You feel like it inside.

It just never came up.

So I wanted to update.

I realized I forgot to update listeners last week.

I will update listeners next week on whether you or you or I or you and I, or you and I or the three of us physically touch each other before the.

And we have not at this point.

We signed something that said we can.

OK. Yeah. Yeah.

I make everyone sign a not a disclaimer, but it doesn't say that you can touch as you can touch Scott.

Right.

It's a lot like a haunted house here.

You're not allowed to touch me, but I can touch you. Yes.

OK. Traditionally, we're huggers.

You are really are you?

I'm not a hugger necessarily.

So we have we have some time.

We'll see if that pans out.

They have a new album called Widow's Weeds just came out and wonder and this is Friday on a Friday.

And it's their fifth record, their fifth long player.

And please welcome to the show for the very first time, Silver Sun Pickups.

Brian O'Bear and Nikki Moaning Monninger. Yes, you got it.

You did it. I said Moaning Jer.

How did it happen? That's I think you're thinking about.

Yeah, that's wrong. That's totally incorrect.

Well, I mean, touching.

Yeah, I will say that that I got several of the consonants correct.

The M and the O.

The M. Oh, then you did pretty good.

Welcome to the show. Yeah.

Thanks for being here, guys.

We've never pronounced it that way.

Moaning. Yeah, I know.

Because what do people usually do?

Monninger. That's right.

And but it's it's Monning Jer.

I think the problem is, is I'm you want to put the moan in there.

And if you want it, just do it, you know.

It's your show. It is my show.

Just don't touch as long as we respond.

And maybe we're taking the touching off.

OK, so touching is off the table, but I can call you Nikki Moaning Jer.

Yes. OK. Nikki Moaning Jer.

Welcome to the show, guys.

Great to meet you. And thank you for being here.

Been time listener. First time callers.

Thank you for calling in.

You are on the phone, by the way.

Turn your radio down. Yes, please do that.

Everyone out there, please turn off your whatever you're listening to the show on.

Whatever device.

Now, a big fan of you guys been.

I believe I saw you.

I have an image in my head of you at the Universal Amphitheater.

Is that correct? OK, I saw you there.

Hogwarts is right now. That's right. Yes.

Isn't that too bad that Hogwarts just took over the Universal Amphitheater?

I mean, if it had to be something, Hogwarts is is a good one.

And the only way to get there is by like running straight into the wall at the Universal Amphitheater. That's exactly how we used to get row 104.

Yeah. And a half backstage, the Universal Amphitheater by running 33 and a half.

Yeah. That place was fun.

That place was shows there.

I saw a lot of shows there from Petra back in 1983, I believe.

Christian rock band. But yeah, so many shows there.

And I believe I saw you.

I don't know what year it was, but it must have been around the early 2000s.

I believe we were lucky enough to play there a bunch of times. Yeah. Yeah.

Remember that time you went into the Back to the Future car?

Oh, yeah.

Tell me about that. Yeah.

Well, I was just convincing one of my best friends from Nottingham that.

Nottingham, England. That's the one.

Wasn't the sheriff there, was he?

He was. I'm not a big fan of that guy.

He was the snake.

He was just telling him about how L.A., all the myths and stuff, all those things aren't really true.

And then in about 50. You say that like I know what you're talking about.

Well, you know, like, oh, we don't have movie stuff everywhere.

And it's oh, I see what people say.

I don't surf to school with, you know, you don't surf to school.

Well, I do. I just want to tell him that because I don't want him to judge me.

And then about 15 minutes into being in Los Angeles, we drove up and it was Back to the Future car was just sitting right there.

And I said, whoa, that's not normally promised.

Wait, where was it just parked like backstage where we parked our car?

Yeah, badly parked. Yeah. Open.

And oh, I see it was at the Universal Amphitheater.

Oh, OK. Where Hogwarts is.

Well, of course, it was a Universal movie.

Yeah, it's not the weirdest thing in the world.

Was the 18 van there?

I wish I look for that thing all the time. You can lift it up.

Yeah, you can lift it up.

Yeah. You pick it.

Imagine you're just parking your car and you're like, OMG.

Yeah, I can't park my car here because Back to the Future, too, has all their vehicles everywhere. Incredible.

What an incredible Hollywood story that it was a magical moment.

And I know you have a ton of those.

He goes home to Nottingham and tells about the magic of Los Angeles.

Where are you meeting people from Nottingham?

In weird pubs and places like that, you know, and not we're on tour in Nottingham.

Yes, that's where that makes sense. Lovely man.

They have a nice castle there.

Speaking of tour, you certainly have done that a lot. Yes.

And something else you've done at least five times has put out a record.

And the new one is called Widow's Weeds.

And what are we talking about when we talk about Widow's Weeds?

Is that an expression I don't know of?

Is that like weeds grow because the men aren't there to pull them?

That's exactly it.

The weeds grow because the men aren't there.

Yeah, it's a World War One thing.

Hashtag me too. Great. Thanks for slipping that in.

That's right. Always tried to do one per episode.

That was an early one.

Yeah, somebody I can't remember in a conversation, somebody said Widow's Weeds and it's about, you know, it's the I think it's an old timey way of talking about.

This isn't your friend from Nottingham.

Yes, of course. He's the only friend I have.

Well, he's got a big head ever since Back to Future.

Oh, yeah. In that car. He thinks he's...

Did they let you like actually get into the car?

They didn't let us.

Nobody was there. But we got in.

It was just parked. You guys got in? Really?

You know how we did? It's unlocked. We opened it.

You know, those doors, they go up in a different way than normal cars.

So did that throw you off at all?

Or I was I've been preparing for those doors my whole life.

My friend's dad had one.

Yeah, I had a DeLorean.

Yeah, and he painted it red and we were in such envy. Red.

Yeah. Now I look back on it and he was pretty lame.

Are you interested in this movie about John DeLorean that's coming out later in the year? So interested.

All right. But you're not here to promote that.

Are you? Wait, are you? I don't know. We could.

I mean, what if what if I score what if I sit down to see that movie and it's just you guys?

Well, like going around in the back to the future car.

You got to diversify.

You know, we like our band and stuff, but we were really interested in doing documentaries about problematic people making future cars.

And he was the first guy we thought of.

Yeah. When you think of problematic people making future cars. Yeah.

Yeah. I think of Tucker seatbelts and and DeLorean, those two. And Tucker was taken.

I don't know. Tucker has already taken somebody.

He's already someone already made a movie.

Classic. It's a classic movie.

Ask your parents, kids.

How many people are there that made cars that that eventually they're going to run out of movies about?

I mean, I guess Elon Musk, they're eventually going to make a movie about him.

I can't wait. Who's playing him?

That'll be an emotional roller coaster.

An emotional Batman, the ride who's playing Grimes.

Yeah. Who's going to play Grimes in this? Maybe she plays herself.

Yeah, I hope so. Oh, my God.

Maybe Kristin Dunst or something.

Kristin Dunst and Tom Hardy.

Oh, my God. That's going to be an amazing movie.

Daniel Radcliffe. Oh, Daniel Radcliffe would be an amazing Elon Musk.

Oh, he would be great.

Just like sitting around getting high, yelling at Azalea Banks.

This rocket can go up and down, up and down. Yeah.

I'm going to build a tunnel from L.A. to Los to hold one car.

Yeah, it's going to shoot you through it.

So the new record just came out.

And if you know how OK, let us presume this is a entertainment podcast, mainly focusing on talking to interesting people, as I talked about previously.

But if people do not know your band, how do you describe your band in?

I'll give you seven words or less.

OK, Nikki, I like when you do this.

Strange mountains. Oh, boy.

Strange mountains. Can you put, oh boy, in there?

Flying up and down. Is that seven?

Flying up and down. That's six.

Strange mountains flying up and down happily and on an adverb.

Sad. Sad.

Is that seven? That's pretty good.

So I mean, that sums it up to me.

And that's not the feeling people have when they listen to music.

That's literally what is happening when you guys record an album.

That is literally yeah.

There's a lot of emotions. Yeah.

And how they feel about it. You know, that's their own business.

That's it. And you don't want to know.

Like if anyone ever tells you, hey, I loved your last record.

You're like, that's none of my business.

Just keep up to yourself.

I just go, I can't handle that kind of information.

This is too much pressure.

Why do you do it? Why do I do it?

What else do we want?

Have any other jobs? Yeah.

You have no other jobs, really?

Not any. No side hustles.

We were trying to work on them.

What were we going to do?

Either of you drive for Uber, speaking of Elon.

You know, that is a good fallback.

Yeah, we couldn't after a show.

We can pick people up and take them to their houses.

I do. I do work for Lyft.

That actually would be really cool.

Like you guys, you you finish the last song.

I'm presuming panic switch or something.

And then it goes bing.

And then you're like, yeah.

And you're like, all right, everyone turn on your Uber apps.

Who's in the mezzanine right now?

OK, I'll be outside.

Look for the look for the tour bus.

Look for Brian in the tour bus.

Yeah, I will be driving it.

No problem. I'm Brian.

That actually stars.

I know one fan getting that at the end of every show would be riveted.

Fairly bad ass.

Would I be happy?

He or she would be happy for a little while.

Tell me. So so now that we know everything about the style of music that you guys play, tell us about the new record.

Is there I've heard it.

I just listened to it this morning and it fits wonderfully within the catalog.

No, it's not like you're going to put this one on and be like, what?

You're going to listen to it.

You're going to go, yeah, this is the Silver Sun Pig.

That's good. Yeah, that's that's good to know because we do try.

I mean, we we stretch pretty far every record to dance before you record it.

Yeah, you have to because you get injured.

Yeah, of course. I hurt myself playing guitar.

It's really tough. We're getting older.

That's right, Dad. You don't understand how hard it is, Dad.

Speaking of dads, you just do you still have a father and does he listen to your music?

I do not have a father. I'm so sorry.

He just recently passed.

Oh, I'm so sorry. How he did.

Not today, right?

No, not today.

But it was in the past.

It is in the past. But the recent past.

I'm so sorry to hear in the recent past.

He did listen to my music. Yeah.

Yeah, he thought he was it made him very nervous, nervous in what way?

Because he was a mathematical man and a scientific engineer.

Really?

And which is strange because my whole life as a kid, he would build all these crazy, you know, things for the government.

And he worked for the government in what respect?

Are you allowed to say?

I don't quite really know. He's quite a secret.

Yeah. When I was little, I walked into an office one time and turned my head and I saw little red dots on the map and he turned around and went, oh, that's OK.

So I remember one time it took him to see Mission Impossible.

And there was a moment in the movie where a guy took some sort of magnetic device and unscrewed a screw without touching it, you know? OK.

And a guy behind went, yeah, right.

And my dad went, well, you know, and then just went, oh, you know what? Forget it.

Well, very good.

Widow's Weeds in stores now, people can get it at all the regular places via your computer, via your brick and mortar establishment that sells records.

Blockbuster Music. Blockbuster Music.

Where? The warehouse.

Liquorice Pizza. There's Liquorice Pizza. You can go get it.

Sam Goody. Sam Goody.

Of course. Yeah. Well, wonderful having you guys.

Thank you. It's a big thrill for us because we're huge fans.

You're going to be playing songs as well.

Is that correct? Songs?

Acoustic versions because there's only two of you.

I think it's going to go well. Yeah, I hope so.

All right. We'll see.

You be the judge. We'll be the judge of that.

We're here to be judge.

That's what we were told.

Well, we do need to get to our next guest.

And I hyped him up a little bit at the top of the show.

He is a treasure hunter.

This is his second time on the show.

Please welcome back to the show Brock Lovett.

Yay. Oh, getting applause.

That usually does not happen on this show.

Brock Lovett, welcome.

Brock, where's Brock? Oh, sorry.

Hey, I'm sorry I'm late.

Oh, hi, Brock.

Sorry, I introduced you without you being in the room, but I looked to my right and you were not there.

I'm so sorry.

I saw a puddle in your lobby and I was investigating it for treasure.

I can understand that.

Did you find anything?

I did not find anything.

You did not find anything?

Oh, yeah, I should have asked.

But a good interviewer would do a follow up.

I extremely suggest you get better at interviewing.

Thank you very much, Brock.

It's only your second time on the show and you just started this second time.

I don't know whether you...

Last time you let me ramble on like an idiot.

You could have told me way sooner that there was a movie called Titanic.

Let me catch people up where the Cordiller mayor was thrown into the ocean by some old lady that I had to listen to for hours.

If you have not heard Brock's previous episode, he is a treasure hunter who dives down deep into the bodies of water.

Triple D, baby.

Dive down, dive down deep.

And you call it a triple D.

I call it a triple D. Yeah, which is off putting.

Let's go gang. We're going to triple D.

Right. Are there any women on your crew or?

Yes, some.

OK, don't be so dismissive.

Yeah, thank you for the second time.

And then to ding.

Now, when you were on the show last time, you talked about the Cordiller The Cordiller mayor, which is the heart of the ocean, the heart of the ocean.

This necklace that you were in search of.

This necklace, so dismissive.

Well, it's it's a precious treasure.

It's precious treasure that you had been in search of for several years.

Several years.

And you did not know that there was a movie called Titanic, which had a fictionalized version of you.

And it was hidden from me.

People went out of their way to hide this from me.

Where Rose is at her name?

Yeah, the old woman, the old woman, Rose.

Rose, whom in real life you had befriended.

Yeah, she hid the fact from you.

You became one of my best friends.

She hid the fact from you that she threw that necklace into the ocean.

Yeah. And then they they captured that on film.

She not only hid that she had it the whole time.

While you were talking to her, you had a long conversation with her.

Yeah, she could have opened her her flowery shirt and shown you her decolletage.

It was upon which she was wearing a flowery shirt.

Well, in the movie, I believe she was.

Oh, the movie again.

If you don't have to ask me how I know something, it's all in the movie.

Well, I'm talking about my real life.

What was she wearing then?

She's wearing a flowery top.

All right. Are you happy?

I am happy. I'm normally pretty happy.

Hmm. Is that true?

No, not really. So you you found all this out.

Did you go back and watch the movie since you're the last episode that you did?

Oh, yeah, I did. You did.

It's a three hour, approximately 180 minutes.

I mean, this is like, you know, three and a half Silver Sun pickups.

Records fell like four hours.

Did it? Why did you keep pausing it and going to the bathroom?

Yeah, I kept doing that.

What? Not not even to relieve myself or anything.

Sometimes I just pause it, go to the bathroom.

Just hang out in there, just stand in there and think that treasure wouldn't even turn the light on. Always think about you.

Good for you. Do you ever are you ever in your restaurant?

Thank you.

Yeah, no one ever sees it that way.

Good for me for always thinking about you ever in your restroom.

You're like, let me just reach down into the toilet.

See if there is a drain.

I've been down that road.

I finally trained myself to realize no one's coming in and putting treasure in.

It's my it's my bathroom.

No one's ever leave a little treasure in there, if you know what I mean.

I don't know what you mean.

Oh, I'm talking about taking a huge dump. Yeah. Thank you, Nikki.

That's not treasure.

Well, one one's trash.

I like to joke about a lot of stuff. Treasure is one thing I don't like.

You do not like to joke about.

I apologize. I apologize.

I hunt it, you see.

I do know that about you.

So you saw the movie. What was your reaction to it? Didn't like it.

Yeah, I can imagine.

Didn't like it beyond beyond just the parts where they were truly concealing from me things that had happened, made a fool out of me.

Sure.

I don't know. I just thought it was corny, long.

Yeah, it was a romance movie.

That's fine. But do you have romance in your life?

I mean, sure, I do.

Are you seeing anyone?

I was seeing the roses granddaughter.

You were for a while. Yeah.

Isn't I? I don't remember.

I don't recall. I think that I was Georgia class class.

Georgia.

Is that a Brady Bunch?

Yes, it is.

Brady Bunch is treasure.

It's TV treasure.

That's right.

So you didn't like.

How did you feel about the portrayal of Bill?

What's his name? Bill Paxton.

Bill Paxton. Yeah, he's rest in peace.

Rusty, he's no longer with us.

That's right.

How did you feel about his portrayal of your I mean, just listening to you and seeing that movie?

I think it's pretty close.

I thought, well, I guess I thought he was, you know, he did a good job with what he was given. Right.

He's physically he's a lot different than you.

Yeah, that's right.

He's way shorter.

I mean, one of the things that makes me a great treasure hunter is I'm almost seven feet tall.

That's right.

So if there's ever an ocean that's eight feet tall, like you're able to reach down in there.

Yeah, no problem.

Yeah.

And eight feet tall ocean.

Our ocean is always deep or are they sometimes tall?

No, they're tall.

There's like a, there's some really tall ocean.

That's treasure hunter lingo.

And that's how they hunt.

Mostly they just take their long arms and dive into the island.

It's a lot of reach.

That's where it starts is you just reach in the water.

It's just sort of move your hand around.

What's the first treasure you ever found?

First Trevor, obviously it was a doubloon.

Of course.

Where were you and how old were you and why were you and when were you?

It was Detroit, Michigan.

Detroit, Michigan.

What bodies of water are around there?

The great lakes, the great lakes, of course.

Yeah.

So it was at one of the great lakes.

It was at one of the great lakes, which one was Michigan lake.

Oh, of course.

That tracks.

And we were there on vacation.

My family and I also wait.

So you, uh, were you young or were you married at the time?

Which family, your parents or your wife, your parents?

How old were you?

I was seven years old.

Okay.

And I've reached my hand into the, the shortest part of Lake Michigan.

Sure.

How tall were you then?

Because I mean, when did your growth spurt?

I was five, nine, seven years old.

Wow.

Okay.

And I reached my hand in the short part of the lake.

The south side.

That's right.

You've been there.

Yeah.

The short side.

Sure.

And I came up with a shiny doubloon.

Wow.

A doubloon.

Who had left it there?

I guess some Spanish galleon must've sunk in Lake Michigan.

Wow.

Amazing.

And that was the only one that was there.

Or did you try to scoop out anymore or?

I tried to scoop out some more, but I was cruelly ripped away from the lake by my parents.

No.

Why?

They didn't believe in treasure.

Did you not show them this doubloon?

Of course I did.

My father cast it back into the lake, into the tall part.

No, no, the tall part.

I was never going to get it.

It's probably still there.

Oh, probably.

The end of the way to get in the tall part.

Out of respect, I've never gone back and looked.

It might still be there.

No, I'm sure it is.

Oh my goodness.

Why did your father?

I would have heard about it at another treasure hunter absconded with it.

Do you guys keep up with each other, all you treasure hunters?

And how many are there out there?

We keep tabs on each other.

How many treasure owners are there?

Probably 8 million.

8 million.

Wow.

It's a big community.

Yeah.

That could, yeah.

That's my goodness.

That's a way bigger number.

I would imagine.

Yeah.

Lots.

Are there rankings?

Like, are you?

Everyone's equal.

Leaderboards.

Okay.

In the eyes of all other treasure hunters.

That's right.

You are all equal.

Whether you are a very successful treasure hunter or you just can't catch a break.

We're all out there doing the same thing, sticking our arms in the water and try to get treasure.

So you weren't born into this cause your parents obviously.

Yeah.

It's not in your blog.

They're muggles.

I'm a real there in the world.

What's a non-treasure hunter?

Like the term like a mother there.

Here's the thing.

They were treasure.

Placers.

Oh, that's how it goes.

Because the treasure has to get there.

Sometimes treasure gets there by accident.

Sometimes by design.

So wait, your parents put treasure in the treasure.

No, they would be given treasure.

Like they got some as a wedding present.

Like they're fine China or something.

No treasure.

Like a box of treasure.

Yeah.

What are we talking like pearls?

Oh, like it was like a little chest with just like pearl necklaces, coins, crowns.

Just spill it out of it.

Wow.

You think they put the doubloom in the, in the short side?

Do you know, I never thought about that, but maybe they, maybe they wanted me to find that treasure.

What's it?

Why would he take it from me and throw it away?

He's a, he's a placer by heart or by nature.

Maybe by heart and by nature, not like people like hunting them.

Do you not like the finders?

I think it's like, it's like the movie, the fugitive, you know, you got person for every Harrison Ford.

There's a Tommy Lee Jones.

Exactly.

Yeah.

Boy.

That's really true.

Yeah.

And who is your, uh, Tommy Lee Jones?

If you're a Harrison Ford, your dad, he's still with us.

I hate to ask this question of every guest.

Hey, did your dad pass recently?

No, he's totally alive.

Look at you.

It's great.

We're a strange brag.

You're a strange, strange.

At least I got that.

That makes me feel.

Oh, thank you.

Hey, thank you.

So, uh, uh, so he's out there trying to keep you from finding the treasure.

He's out there hiding treasure.

He's hiding.

I won't find it.

Okay.

Does he leave you clues or how does this relationship work?

Does leave me clues.

You know, he left me a cryptic message recently.

Oh, I couldn't make out the first word.

Oh, okay.

And it's on your phone.

You said, yeah, I wrote it on my, I wrote it down on my phone.

Oh, okay.

Did you have to point out the phone?

No, I'm just wondering.

People can't see why I picked it in the phone.

I just wondering if it was a text where, how did he leave you this?

Uh, how does he leave you this message?

He sent me a letter and he, and what he did was, this is a thing that treasure hiders love to do.

He took a match and he burned the edges of the paper to make it look old.

To make it look old.

There was never old paper.

It was always, all the old papers crumbled to death.

Yeah.

It's gone.

And here's what it said.

I can't make out the first word, but it goes.

Spelling it out.

No, I can.

It's not, it's not a reading comprehension.

You literally cannot tell what letters treasure hunters definitely can read.

It's heard a little too far, but here's the words I can make out mountains going up and down happily sad.

Right.

Oh, Oh, what could that mean?

What is that?

That there's some sort of a bell for me.

If only I could make out that first word.

Sounds familiar to me.

Huh?

Interesting.

No.

Anyway, so you, uh, you, you watched this movie and you thought it was, uh, those garbage garbage.

Well, I mean, the opposite of the opposite of butch big trash though.

Right.

Because Bush big garbage is great.

One man's treasure is another man's trash.

Right.

So you just, you did not like it.

What is a movie treasure to you?

Oh, let's see.

Treasure is your Madre.

Oh yeah.

Romancing the stone.

I just ran the title of romancing the stone.

Yeah.

Classic.

Pirates of the Caribbean.

Love all the pirates series.

They get better.

I can't believe it.

There's more and more treasure.

I just go, wow.

More of this guy's great.

More is better.

I love, I wish they would make a captain crunch movie.

I would love that.

You ever go on the pirates of the Caribbean ride in Disneyland there.

I mean, they got treasure out of respect.

I won't do it out of respect.

Is that mocking?

Is that mocking treasure hunters?

You think I think it's mocking?

Yeah.

Something about it.

Yeah.

Well, because it's been in the ride from what I've been told.

They spend very little time hunting for treasure and they're just kind of partying.

It's just there.

Yeah.

It's just there.

I don't want to see them already finding already having found the treasure.

That's more of a treasure placers ride.

Exactly.

Yeah.

I used to have a fantasy of going through that ride and like reaching out and grabbing some of that treasure.

So maybe I'm a treasure hunter.

You might be a treasure hunter at heart.

I did jump off that part in Florida.

You did.

I did as a little kid.

Jumped off into the water.

No, we, my friend convinced me when we were really little that to jump off into the land area.

Wow.

You did it right by where the skeleton and the lightning and all that.

You wouldn't know this cause you haven't been on the ride.

I wouldn't know.

Well, we jumped off and we sat there and we went great.

We did it and then thought, no, what we do.

Well, what happens is that somebody said, get back on the boat.

So the wait on the next boat, because the, so we waited till there was an empty row and we were scared all of a sudden, which of course we were.

And we jumped on to that boat and scared the crap out of the family.

Wow.

That's the dream.

I would have, well, you do have done that.

Jumped onto a different boat.

Yeah.

Cause the boats were going by.

Yeah.

So we were probably on, we were on pirates of the Caribbean land for probably about two minutes.

Whoa.

They thought you had, you were animatronics that came to life.

Yeah.

I don't know what our goal was.

They thought you were skeletons with flesh.

I mean, maybe there's something in me that, you know, had a treasure hunter in me that I had to get off the boat.

I mean, it's pretty treasure hunting to me.

Yeah.

I mean, did you have a calling to just reach in the short water?

It just, why did you reach in the water in the first place?

Did you see some sort of crab or I saw a glint?

Why would you reach your water in your hand in the water?

If you saw a crab, catch crabs, right in Detroit.

Was that a shark?

Let me get my hand in there.

Oh, it is a shark.

Aaron Finley.

So you saw the glint?

Yeah.

He got bitten by a shark.

It's a deep cut.

That's right.

That's our buddy.

He got bitten.

So we all don't have to get shark insurance.

Yep, exactly.

Right.

Everyone needs it.

We need it.

You're talking to three people who have shark insurance.

Yeah.

So you saw the glint and the gleam of something gold.

I saw the glint, the gleam and the glisten.

Oh my.

And I said, I got to get the triple G's.

So I went triple D and I pulled out that doubloon.

Wow.

And thus a treasure hunter was my origin story.

Origin story on Amazon prime.

Right.

Not, it's not my origin story, but it is streaming on Amazon.

Prime.

Right.

Amazon.

Treasure hunter, hunter cinematic universe.

So, I mean, this was a, this is a couple of years ago we talked and you've seen the movie, but what else have you been up to?

I heard about two more treasures that I'm trying to hunt.

Really?

So this is your first lead since I talked to you the last time?

Yeah.

I mean, I kind of, I was a little bummed out.

Oh, really?

By that whole, that whole thing.

Finding out that the court of Lameros.

You felt betrayed.

I mean, these are some of your best friends.

Big time.

Yeah.

I was disappointed.

Yeah.

I mean, Rose's granddaughter.

She didn't tell me we had a relationship.

Yeah.

I mean, you weren't currently in the relationship.

I think that I was.

You, when you saw, I think that we talked about it.

Right.

Wait, when I saw Titanic, I don't, yeah.

Had you broken up at that point?

Oh, by the time I saw Titanic.

Yeah, we had broken.

Had you had like a big screaming match with her?

Huge screaming match.

You lied to me!

Stuff like that.

That was her to you?

Yeah, nevermind.

Oh, come on, man.

I don't know.

What was she saying to you?

Was she screaming back or did she?

No, I was the one doing the screaming and she was just kind of saying, yeah.

Yeah.

She was really, she was doing a great thing that if you can, if you can pull this off, it's really, it's really aggravating to the other person.

The other one person gets really upset.

Right.

And you go real calm.

Yeah.

Real calm.

Boy, that just drives nuts.

Yeah.

I was going crazy.

Classic.

So you broke up, you watched Titanic and then you were sitting around your house for presumably months in a funk.

I was in a funk.

And then suddenly.

I was in my bathrobe and a funk.

Oh no.

And then suddenly you got a lead on treasure?

I got a lead on new treasure.

Wow.

Here in Tinseltown?

Brand new treasure here in Tinseltown.

Brand new treasure.

This is new treasure.

Yeah.

Wow.

Now it's, here's the thing.

Freshly placed.

Freshly minted?

I don't know how freshly placed it was, but it is freshly made aware of by me.

What?

Okay.

I freshly know about it.

Okay.

So that's when you, when we say new treasure new to you.

I extremely suggest you let me finish.

Okay.

Starting now.

I heard about this treasure.

Now this is, we hear in the treasure game, you hear a lot of fantastical stuff.

I don't, I don't place any stock in that arc of the covenant or a holy grail.

Like mythological, super stitches, supernatural kids stuff.

You got one?

I have two.

I have two twins.

I have twins.

Two twins.

Oh, okay.

Did you think the conversation had shifted to little kid stuff?

Oh, okay.

So you, uh, so you, how did you hear about this?

Through treasure hunters.

So wait, if they already know about it, then how, why are they telling you about it if it has not been found yet?

Here's how it starts.

First there's whispers, right?

Online.

People are saying, I hear there's a new treasure.

And then some people are saying there's no new treasure.

There's always naysayers.

Sure.

Yeah.

But then the whispers get louder and louder and people are saying, no, there's definitely a new treasure.

Freshly placed.

Fresh.

Not necessarily.

Fresh.

We've been over this.

I'm just, so they, people are told you this.

So people are saying like, this is, this treasure has been around, but we're, we're finding out about it.

Exactly.

Okay.

We've heard that they don't know where it is.

No one know about that's right.

Okay.

But then I heard through, I talked to a lot of people, you know, I have my sources like, you know, Sherlock Holmes at his Baker street of regulars.

Sure.

Of course.

I have a rag tag group of people that I talked to.

Do they all live on the same street?

Just like a Sherlock Holmes Baker street or they do text chain.

We have an ongoing text thread.

A lot of it got sidetracked by game with thrones.

Oh, how do they feel about the new season?

People could not get on the same page.

Some people loved it.

Some people hated it.

The new season.

And so treasure hunting, I bet there was no treasure found for a couple of weeks.

People really, a lot of treasure fell by the wayside while that final season was happening.

So there was a stockpile of treasure just building up every Sunday for six weeks.

Then it became very easy to find.

Treasures just piling up.

Exactly.

It's just peeking out of the ocean.

And that takes the fun out of it.

Treasure is above sea level.

You see a de bloom just sitting there to be taken.

What's like garbage.

I pass.

It's like garbage Island.

Yeah.

Just floating up out of the water.

So you've heard about this new treasure.

Have you gone out hunting it yet or not yet?

I'm still trying to figure out exactly where it is.

Okay.

And I believe it's in California.

Sure.

I heard it's in Pacific waters.

Okay.

And what, what this thing is, is it's very rare, but it was a robotic shark.

Okay.

I think you're on the right track.

Nick.

You reached a little, go a little bit North because I remember a robotic shark.

His name was Bruce, I believe.

And he's right there.

And I re I recall him being very close to a back to the future car.

Oh my goodness.

I love that movie.

You look back to the future.

Bruce.

Love that movie.

That's when you have seen.

Yeah, I've seen that movie.

It's great.

Is that a treasure?

It's a cinematic treasure.

Yeah, I think so.

So the robotic shark is the treasure or it's a clue to the treasure.

Have you ever seen, here's the thing with the legend about this shark was that it, it was very a realistic shark that was used to, I don't know, terrify sailors or something.

Extremely realistic shark, right?

Extremely wild, wildly realistic.

Can I ask him, that's what makes it a treasure.

Exactly.

Have you seen the movie?

Uh, and, and this is going back a bit, but, uh, it's called jaws.

Heard of it.

Never seen it.

Heard of it though.

Yeah.

What do you think it's about?

Uh, it's about some jaws.

That's a good guess.

I mean, more than one jaw, two jaws at the very least.

It's got to be at the very least.

Very close.

It's about a, uh, it's about a shark.

Yeah.

Ooh.

Sounds scary.

It is a very counter sharks a lot in the treasure hunting game.

Oh no.

Oh yeah.

You're going down, you're going down in like a little, maybe you're, maybe you're in a bathysphere, you know, you're trying to, you're going around with your little headlight trying to find stuff.

And what do you do when you see a shark like that?

Well, first you get scared.

Cause it's a shark.

And mostly what you do is you try to just ignore it.

It's a creature in the ocean.

It's doing its thing.

If you just ignore it, it'll go away.

Nine times out of 10.

Yeah.

Some sharks don't like to be ignored though.

Some sharks, they are attention whores.

They love the drama.

So what, what we have is in our diving bell, we have like a little boxing glove that extends out on a, punches them on the nose.

Right.

Wow.

So it gets them.

Yeah.

So you gotta line it up, uh, correctly.

I would imagine.

And then the time you do, and it's mortifying when you miss it is, it's frustrating.

Is every most treasure underwater?

The treasure I'm interested in.

Yes.

You see, you're underwater treasure.

You're exclusively interested in wet treasure.

The wetter, the better.

I love soaking wet treasure.

Just sopping.

Just stop.

I like, I like treasure.

You got to ring out.

Sure.

You got to put it on your line outside in your backyard.

You got one of those drying racks, you know, for your, for your delicates.

Have you dried a treasure and then thought it's worthless?

Like, oh, yeah.

It reminds me.

No, because I know what it was.

It had been wet.

You always see it as wet.

But you ever dry out.

In my heart, it's always at least damp.

Yeah.

You ever dry out a treasure and it turns out it's just like a string of seaweed or something.

That's happened.

Yeah.

Well, Brock, I have to say that I, I believe the treasure that you're thinking of is, is movie memorabilia, uh, because, uh, it's a very famous mechanical shark that they used in the movie jaws.

That wouldn't be underwater.

If it was movie memorabilia, it actually is underwater because they, they keep it underwater and then it occasionally raises whenever a tram passes by.

What are you talking about?

A tram.

This is a, uh, a mechanical shark that, uh, that raises up and scares, uh, children as, as they pass by this, uh, artificial lake.

I have seen that shark many times.

Who would do this?

I don't understand.

The universal film company.

Uh, it's, uh, the ones who made back to the future.

Yes.

It's one of the crown jewels of their cinematic library.

And, uh, in order to honor it.

Uh, you said jewels.

I got so excited for a second.

Your eyes just, I literally saw dollar signs, water.

You want to come down?

Okay.

You want to get wet?

Same jewels and water.

That's, that's going to just exacerbate it further.

I'm just going to dip my hand in there.

You go a little bit.

That calms me down.

Is there any, is there something you do though?

Never.

It does make me go in my bathroom and just stand there for a bit.

I think you're thinking of Bruce, which is the mechanical shark.

And it's there at universal studios.

I was designed to scare kids.

Yeah.

In fact, if you go near it, you can get a map from the universal company and it'll, it'll point you right to it.

Yeah.

That's going to be your major clue right there.

Man.

I'm really torn about this cause I love the map thing for sure.

But it's not technically like it's not jewels.

It's not necklaces.

No, it's not a treasure that I'm finding.

You can sell it probably to some movie memorabilia house that'll pay you top dollar for it because it's the original shark.

It is.

Maybe.

I don't know about that, but it is a one.

It is one.

It is the super realistic shark from the movie.

It's maybe, I don't know.

Honestly, I think it wouldn't be hard to get it out of there at this point.

I think it's just sitting there.

I think loosen a couple of screws with like one of those magnetic screwdrivers.

And I think you'd, uh, that's top secret.

No, no, no.

Right.

No, no, no.

Sure.

I've said too much.

Well, this kind of, I don't know, it's a window to myself.

It would be fun to go with you to do this.

Do you, do you ever do this with a bunch of people like us?

We don't know how to treasure treasure hunt.

We don't know how to do it, but, and, but we'd like to join you on your whole big, fun crew.

When I was searching for the quarter, it doesn't bother you that we don't know much about treasure hunting.

Like if we go, what about that?

Is that a treasure?

How about that?

Is that a treasure that doesn't, I think that would actually be kind of fun.

I mean, I think treasure is like pornography.

You know what it is when you see it.

So I think that you spot on, spot on.

Couldn't have said it better.

Yeah.

So I mean, if you guys are willing to go out there on this treasure hunt, we'll pay for it.

Okay.

Really?

You're going to fund my treasure.

Yeah, sure.

I was $115 to get in.

And if you get in, I believe you have six months of free time to go explore other treasure.

You can upgrade.

Yeah.

To a year long pass for approximately like 20 extra dollars.

I'll, we'll pay for that as well.

So I think I'm going to take you up on this cause I heard not, not far from where this treasure is supposed to be is like a mystical land that no human being has ever you're talking about Hogwarts.

Oh, I thought you were talking about the transformers, right?

Of course.

Oh yeah.

Both could apply to that description full of amazing wonders.

Yeah.

And no, I love the transformers.

There's also the fast and furious ride.

It's my favorite.

Right? Exactly.

I do like in the fast and furious ride.

I was on it recently and one of the extras who's playing like an agent or something like that, he's shooing off these models that were hired for it and he like hits one of them.

I saw that.

And it's so, and it stays in, it stayed in the final cut.

It is.

It's unfortunately on brand.

Yeah.

With the fast and furious.

That ride basically was trust upon you.

We didn't choose to go on it.

No, no one chooses to go on the fast and furious.

Basically like, Oh, I can't wait for the avalanche.

I wonder how they're going to do that again.

Oh no.

Oh, Vin Diesel's here.

You know, I'm glad we're talking about this because at the LAX, Los Angeles international airport, when you're leaving the airport, there's a series.

You have to walk down this long hallway and it's very demoralizing and depressing.

And as you are walking down the long hallway, they have advertisements for the universal rides.

Sure.

And so, uh, there's a fast and the furious and there's, uh, you know, what are the other ones we just talked about?

Jurassic park, all these there's also, and so on each one, you see people who have paid good money to get into universal studios and join themselves on the ride.

I had a great time.

Then there's a minions ride and the minions are on the ride.

There's no people on it at all.

That's it.

That's terrible.

Why are there people on this?

Why are they advertising a ride that you can't even go on?

Just for minions.

I never thought about that before, but it's all I can think about.

Yeah.

I mean, it is a long journey in that escalator.

What are you doing in the airports?

I thought that you traveled by sea exclusively.

Well, I never said that.

Well, I mean, if you're, if you take a trip to New York, absolutely never.

My point is, is if you're taking a trip to New York, there's all that time that you could be looking for treasure through the Panama canal.

I can't live.

What am I JW still water?

You still got to get to places fast before someone else scoops up the treasure.

There's 8 million treasure hunt.

Look, I'm just coming out of a funk.

I'm doing what I can.

Come on.

Go.

What is this shit on Brock day?

No, no, we love having you here, bro.

No, no.

Look, Brock, we need to take a break if that's okay.

Fine.

But before I don't, is that a reference to something?

No.

Okay.

Before we do though, uh, some pickups, uh, Brian and Nikki, are you guys, uh, you want to play a song from the new record?

I need some time.

Yeah.

How much time do you need?

Because if it's any more than 20 seconds, approximately.

Exactly.

All right.

Go grab this is for you, bro.

Go before you grab your instruments.

What, uh, what, what song are you going to play or do you want it to be a surprise?

This is a surprise to everybody.

This is a surprise.

So are you going to shout surprise when it starts?

Yes.

Ready?

And here we go.

Nikki.

Ready?

And surprise.

All right, here we go.

Silver sun pickups for Brock.

Please don't be a Celine Dion song.

Damn it.

All right.

Nikki, let's do this again.

And it's not the one, you know, from Celine Dion.

It's a deep dive, deep dive, triple D triple D triple G.

Here we go.

Silver sun pickups off the new record.

Widow's weeds.

Here we go.

Here's come and go.

We know.

Wonder if we're not alone.

We're alone.

Think about us all the time.

Don't because it doesn't matter what we're just known.

We're just known.

You want to read her minds?

We know.

Better on the other side.

No.

Help you sleep at night.

It won't.

Doesn't matter why we're just known.

Doesn't matter why we're known.

We're just known.

She just stay on go.

Go.

Feel like you're on your own.

Oh no.

We'll never leave you alone.

No.

Doesn't matter why we're known.

We're just known.

Doesn't matter why we're known.

We're just known.

Doesn't matter why we're known.

We're just known.

And if it all goes right.

We're seeing our eyes.

Finally made it out alive.

Will you wait?

For a sign.

It's time to find some peace of mind.

Wait.

You're on your own.

And in our own right.

Finally seen we've all gone blind.

And we all go and play.

Doesn't matter why we're known.

We're just known.

Doesn't matter why we're known.

We're just known.

Oh, very good.

Was it still dedicated to me?

Yes it was. It depends how you felt about it.

I loved it.

We need to take a break.

When we come back we'll have more from the Silver Sun pickups.

We will have more from Brock Lovett.

And oh, our park ranger friend will be back.

Yes, that's right.

We'll be right back with more Comedy Bang Bang after this.

Comedy Bang Bang we are back.

Silver Sun pickups.

And Nicky and Claire and Nicky.

Moneinger, but Moneinger if you will.

If you're nasty are here with us.

And new record, Widow's Weeds is out currently.

We heard one song from it.

Which song was that? That was the new single.

Is it not? Or the first single from the record.

It does not matter.

What do you think about using contractions in songs?

I think it's rude.

I am against it to be honest with you.

I don't like putting that foot on the set list with the little posture feet.

I know. It's very low class.

I find that it flows better to be honest.

Really?

This is a big rift we have in our band.

Really? This is the one? Okay.

You might break up over it.

I feel like we should... this is a comedy show.

Maybe we should pull the album.

It does not matter why.

Is it too late?

We also have Brock Lovett who, speaking of Lovett, he loves Treasure.

I love Treasure!

I just don't want to leave it.

What if your name was Brock Leavett?

Do you think you would still want Treasure or would you be like, I'll just leave it there?

Like would my name be my destiny?

I don't know. It's not like my name is Treasure Lovett.

What if it was though?

I wish it were.

Anyone can change their name.

Is that a trend for treasure hunters to change their name to something like Jules?

Yeah, there's a lot of...

I just want to warn you, it's a lot.

A lot of treasure handles out there.

Of course.

You have to go to social security. It's kind of a hassle.

Exactly. It's too much of a pain in the ass.

Trendy.

Trendy Lovett?

Trendy Lovett.

It's not bad.

That was my grandmother's name.

Was it really?

That's 100% Scottish, right?

Is she still with us?

No, she's passed on.

When did she pass?

30 years ago.

Oh, Trendy.

Next song we play will be for Trendy.

Well, we do need to get to our next guest and she's been on the show before and it's always great to see her.

She is a, as far as I recall, is a park ranger in one of the national parks.

Oh, whoa.

Here in California, please welcome back to the show Marjorie Kershaw.

Oh, thank you, Scott.

Some applause for you.

We love parks.

I didn't get applause.

I believe you did.

You were outside.

I'm sorry. I retract my complaint.

Scott, no, it's so good to see you.

It's great to see you.

I did start my parkdom at Pinnacles National Park in California.

And I like the applause. It reminded me of the Pinnacles, which look like the jazz hands of the earth.

But then as you recall, I was transferred to the least visited park.

Ah, yeah. I did not recall.

Thank you for reminding me.

Oh, no, that's for the listeners. As you recall, I was transferred to the gates of the Arctic where no, oh, very few visitors.

Very few visitors. That's one of the least attended parks.

The least attended park.

It's the very bottom of the list.

That's right. But good news, Scott. I got another hot transfer.

Oh, congratulations.

Yeah, it's great. Just in time for summer.

Where are you now?

Your girl Marjorie, she's down at Dry Tortugas.

Dry Tortugas. I guess I don't know that one.

Dry Tortugas. I might be off board already.

Oh, well, he likes things sopping wet, especially treasure.

Well, we are surrounded by water. We're part of an archipelago, which as you know, as you will recall, is a collection of islands.

Oh, of course. Yeah, that was for the listeners, Scott.

Can I, as they recall, can I ask in these archipelagos, have you ever seen the glint or the gleam or the glistening of gold?

Well, you know, this area was originally discovered, well, that's a loaded word, found by someone from the West.

Ponce de Leon. And there's so many myths.

Yeah, that's right. I didn't want to get ahead of myself, but you know, legends of shipwrecks and the like.

Big name in the treasure game.

I have learned all this because there's not, though I have a slight uptick, still not a ton of visitors to Dry Tortugas.

There's still, really? How?

Well, it's hard to get to.

Where exactly is it? I'm trying to imagine.

It's in Key West, but you kind of have to be on, there's like one ferry or you can take your own boat or a seaplane.

So you only get about 50,000.

Those are the only ways to access.

That's right. But we're a big hotspot for diving, snorkeling or people who want to visit unfinished fortresses that were used as prisons during the Civil War.

Oh, my. Well, I can only. Yeah, I can only imagine unfinished prisons. There's probably a lot of treasure on these.

It would be less depressing, I guess, to visit an unfinished prison.

Yeah. Well, it did hold prisoners, but the fortress isn't finished.

Oh, I see. OK.

Like we were like, oh, no, the Civil War is happening. This is good enough.

Yeah. So not only were they in prisons, but they had to reside in a place that was unfinished, that they were constantly looking around.

Can you imagine, brother fighting brother?

Too soon.

Does the name mean dry turtle?

The Tortugas does mean turtle. Yeah. So I guess it's well, you know, we the fort, our part is dry.

Oh, I thought it was like three like Eins, Fei, dry.

Oh, that's what I was thinking.

Oh, that would have been.

That would be what that if we had it. What is that? That's German?

The three turtles. Oh, my gosh. So if half of our name was German and the other half was Spanish.

Yeah. Wow.

It sounds like a clue. It might be. Does that feel like a clue?

It feels like a treasure clue. Like mixing two languages like that. Yeah.

So what are your duties now at the at the new place? I mean, thank you for asking.

Oh, you're quite welcome. Wow. It literally is my job, but I always appreciate someone.

Thank you. Thank you for asking. One of our most polite guests.

Well, as you know, Scott, I'm sure you know, or your listeners recall, the dry Tortugas.

We don't sell any beverages or food, so.

OK. It's very hard to camp there.

Is that to keep the turtles dry? Yeah. Got to keep those turtles dry.

Are people allowed to bring their own in? They are, Scott.

And that is encouraged so that they don't go hungry or thirsty.

And, you know, you don't want to get into one of these situations where you think you can say it with me.

Drink the salt water.

I mean, I'm not grabbing you, Brock. You ever drink just a big gullet full of salt water?

Not on purpose.

Yeah, but I mean, when you're down there in the deep, I can only imagine that sometimes you'll take in.

Well, I'd be dead, I think, if I was way down in the deep.

You ever got the Benz? Yeah, I've gotten the Benz. It's kind of great.

In what way? It's very euphoric. It's rapturous. That's why they call it raptures of the deep.

Oh, you know, and is that right? Is that the clue that you're about to die?

I experienced this when I was at the gates of the Arctic when I almost froze to death when I was just doing my rounds.

And one of the last things that happens is you strip off your clothes and run naked euphorically.

I was doing that and I thankfully was rescued by the only other employee.

But embarrassing to explain my lower back tattoo.

What is down there if I may be so...

Oh, it just says, it just says proud Methodist, but as you know, I don't like to talk about it.

I believe in a separation of church and tribal.

I am a federal employee, so please don't ask me about my faith. I do believe in a separation of church and state.

But my lower back tattoo says proud Methodist.

Right, so if someone, while you were on the job, were to come up to you and ask you any sort of religious question.

I would say, thank you so much for your interest, but I cannot answer any of these questions, for I'm currently on the clock as a federal employee, and though I do have a deep-seated faith, I do believe in a separation of church and state.

Would you slip them your card in order to call you off hours?

Oh, that's a good idea, Scott. I'd like to have a card just so I feel more official.

Can I ask you a question, Marta?

Of course.

How often are people asking you religious questions at the gates of the Arctic?

Well, at the gates of the Arctic, I got it a lot.

Really?

Because they were looking at the vastness of our landscapes and sort of wondering about the marvels of the universe and a lot of God searching there.

That makes sense.

And the pinnacle's almost none because I was too busy talking about bees.

And then now the dry tortuga is sort of a midpoint because people are seeking treasure, some who seek treasure seek it of a mental clarity, variety.

I guess that's a treasure.

From a higher plane as well.

You don't feel that as a treasure?

Well, I like to keep things clean.

I mean, the kingdom of heaven, that must have a lot of ethereal treasure.

Oh, I was told there was a lot of real treasure up there.

So then why aren't you committing suicide, like, immediately?

Why rush it?

There's plenty of treasure here on Earth to find.

What kind of a thing is that to say to someone?

I'm just wondering.

Can I ask you, because this is how I feel when I'm exploring.

Why don't you commit suicide?

I don't think I've ever asked to guess that.

I hope you won't ask anyone else.

I'm glad I was here to see that.

That was rough.

I feel like part of the joy of a treasure seeking is the journey, is the seeking.

That is a big part of it, Marjorie, yeah.

And so far he's found one doubloon.

Well, no.

That's all we know about.

I found other treasures that are not that famous.

What other treasures have you found?

Because you certainly didn't find the Court of LeMaire.

I think that's been established that I did not find the Court of LeMaire.

And you were so close to it.

Like, you could have literally reached your hand out to it.

Hey, man. What are you doing?

I'm just saying, like, this is mean.

You were closer to it than any other treasure hunter alive.

And you just missed it.

Yeah, why are you explaining that to me? I know.

I'm just saying.

This is horrible what you're doing.

I mean, if you couldn't even get that, what other treasure have you found?

Well, treasures where people didn't actively mislead me, that they didn't exist anymore.

Yeah, I found those.

Okay. How much money do you have?

I feel like you really, like, what can I even say?

I found a gigantic pearl in a huge oyster one time.

Wow.

Who cares? I didn't find the Court of LeMaire.

It was as big as a basketball. Whatever.

Wow. Was it one of those clams that you can chomp on your arm and then you die?

Yeah.

Because you can't get out?

Yeah.

Did it chomp on your arm?

Yeah, it did, but I got out.

How'd you get out?

I kicked at it with my feet.

Wow.

He didn't see that coming.

You didn't have that boxing glove thing?

Can I ask you a question?

I've been getting into a little bit of amateur diving on my off time.

Uh-oh.

And are you able to do anything religious while this is going on?

Well, I like, sometimes I say a little prayer to myself, but again, please don't ask me about it, Scott.

Okay. I beg your pardon. You're on the clock right now.

I'm representing the National Park System. I am a federal employee.

I'd really rather not talk about it, but yes, I am a devout Methodist.

I was diving down deep and I saw a small child in peril.

Oh, no.

I was able to rescue them. They had lost their snorkel and they were getting a little too far out and they were gulping, Don't do it. Say it with me.

The salt water.

And I was able to, um, to rescue the child and put them back onto the paddleboard that their mother was on.

But so what was the mother doing?

Well, she was getting an efficient core workout. That's what she was doing.

Did she not even realize that her child had fallen into the depths?

She did not realize. She did not realize.

And as I was doing that, I saw a glint, a gleam and a glisten, and it was a ruby encrusted hilt of a sword.

And it was made present to me because of my great act of chivalry.

But when I pulled it out and I was able to hold it in my hand and then suddenly it just, it just, now I know that this maybe isn't your type of treasure, but.

Wait, it disappeared into, dematerialized?

Of course I've heard about this and man, I mean, if what you're saying is true and I have no reason to doubt you because you're so religious, you wouldn't be lying.

That's an incredible experience.

Although we can talk about that, right?

Yeah, but she asks us not to talk about it.

Well, I ask you, it's best.

We're not supposed to ask her questions.

Oh, but we can discuss it amongst ourselves.

Okay, great.

She's really religious. She is so religious.

So devout.

That's a treasure tease, right? When you're going for a treasure and it dissipates.

Well, I held it, I held it in my hands, you know, and engraved on the blade, it said Godric Gryffindor.

Of course it did. I mean, obviously.

Godric Gryffindor, wait a minute. This is ringing.

This is a Slytherin thing.

And then immediately it disappeared because I guess I was no longer in peril. I don't know.

Man, that's a tough break.

But anyway, I want to encourage you that we do seem to have some sort of treasure down at the Dry Tortuga.

Maybe you two can team up for a dive.

What would your responsibilities be?

My responsibility would be when I'm off the clock to say, oh, that was a good shift. How was your day?

For I, as you know, I'm sort of loyal to my post.

If you're on the clock, you probably would not want to be assisting him with his treasure hunting as that is extracurricular duties.

Well, yeah, we want to assist people in exploring all that the park system has to offer, you know, all the kind of treasures that America's greatest idea can really give to people.

Of course.

Can I ask you this? I mean, the national parks, are they pretty cool about people searching for treasure?

You know, kind of.

Do they really?

They have a surprisingly high amount of laissez faire as long as you stay on the trail, don't interact with wildlife.

If that treasure's on the trail, baby, it's clear.

Do they have a finders keepers rule?

There's a hard, yep. Well, look at it this way. What supports the park? Say it with me.

Your taxes.

Salt water.

But you found the sword of Gryffindor on your time off, you said.

No, I don't remember.

I don't remember what I said, but what it was, it was the last minutes of my lunch break.

So confusing.

If you're on the clock and you find treasure, is it different than if you were just off the clock?

If I were off the clock, I think I would feel more comfortable keeping the treasure.

If I was on the clock, I would think, get back to your post, go stand in that unfinished fortress.

Well, if they have a finders keepers policy, the Harrison Ford, they must have a losers weepers policy as well.

Tommy Lee Jones.

Well, I would say that the Tommy Lee Jones are your taxes.

Oh, I see. Okay.

Isn't that the great Tommy Lee Jones for all of us trying to keep our wealth and balance?

Well, Marjorie, congratulations on your new post. I want to hear a little bit more about it, but we want to hear another song from so- What a treasure!

Oh, no, I'd rather hear more about it.

I know, but I must press you.

I feel like we glossed over that she found the sword of Gryffindor.

Come on, Scott, let him listen.

All right, guys, are you going to be playing another song?

This is acoustic, of course.

Yes, it's an older song. This is called Panic Switch.

This is Panic Switch. Okay, great. This is from the first record, I believe, right?

This is the second record.

I mean, one, two, buckle my shoe, who knows?

All right, this is Panic Switch. This is Silver Sun Pickups with Panic Switch. Here we go.

One, two, three...

This is the first one.

This is the second one.

You want me to be, so is it meant to be saying right?

When you see yourself in a crowded room Do you think I'll stay sure you're pissed away Will you step in line or release that glitch Can you fall asleep with a panic switch When you see yourself in a crowded room Do you think I'll sit sure you're pissed away Will you step in line or release that glitch Do you think she'll sleep with a panic I'll try to hold on tight tonight Pink slip inviting me inside Wanna burn skin and brand what once was mine But the red fuse keep ripping the divide If I go anywhere you want me to go How will I know you'll still follow, I'll know When you see yourself in a crowded room Do you think I'll sit sure you're pissed away Will you step in line or release that glitch Can you fall asleep with a panic switch See yourself in a crowded room Do you think I'll sit sure you're pissed away Will you step in line or release that glitch Do you think she'll sleep with a panic Can you fall asleep with a panic switch Will you step in line or release that glitch Can you fall asleep with a panic switch Waiting and fading and floating away When you see yourself in a crowded room Do you think I'll sit sure you're pissed away Will you step in line or release that glitch Can you fall asleep with a panic switch See yourself in a crowded room Do you think I'll sit sure you're pissed away Will you step in line or release that glitch Do you think she'll sleep with a panic ♪ ♪ That was for you, Marjorie.

That was for you.

I loved it.

That was for you.

I honor that that is now for me and no longer for Trendy Love It.

That's right.

Oh, right.

Oh, Trendy, sorry.

Well, you know why?

You're still with us, though.

I just didn't feel like dedicating a panic switch song to Trendy Love It.

But you know what?

It's wasted on a dead person.

I sometimes feel that panic switch.

Boy.

I bet when you were in the water and you saw the glistening of that sword.

You know what?

Courage is not the absence of fear.

It's acting though you have fear.

Wise words.

The only time you can be brave is when you're afraid.

Ned Stark.

That's right.

Young Bran.

King Bran.

Sorry, sorry.

That was on a text chain.

Wise words to take us to break.

We need to go to a break.

When we come back, we'll have more from Silver Sun Pickups, more from Brock Love It, and more from Marjorie Kershaw.

We'll be right back after this.

♪ Comedy bang bang, we're back here.

We have Brian and Nikki from Silver Sun Pickups are here.

Hello.

So lovely to meet these people.

So lovely to, yeah, I mean, It's lovely to meet Brock and Marjorie.

Getting along famously.

We also have Brock and Marjorie.

What a crew.

This is really shaping up to be something.

As you recall, listeners and for Scott, we've all been having a nice time.

We have, yes.

This is great.

I bet we could all find a lot of treasure together.

I think we combined our individual skills would be more than the, I don't know.

It's not always good to have a guy on a crew that has things like, why don't you kill yourself?

Yeah, that's bad for Morrell, I think.

I think he apologized.

It's an honest question and I apologize.

The problem is it's an honest question.

It was a good faith argument in my opinion.

All right.

Agree to disagree.

Well, I don't know if I'll do that.

Oh, I have so many thoughts on this, but I cannot interject.

Yeah, it wouldn't be right for you to.

It wouldn't, but oh boy, if I could just get into some apologetics right now.

Marjorie, you have a new job.

Same job, different post.

I consider it when you move posts, I think it to be a new job, but you consider it to be the same job.

Scott, when you moved from the fourth floor to the second floor, did you start doing a new job?

In your face.

Oh, wow.

Just because I asked you, why don't you commit suicide?

She shut you down.

Nikki, we should probably leave for a second to let this settle down.

It's just the first time I was on, I remember I was on the fourth floor because I remember thinking, oh, this is a nice view.

And now I'm like, oh, now we're more.

Do you think this place could be a national park?

This feels more like a good base camp.

Well, you know.

You can see Netflix from here.

Okay, does somebody say base?

You can't see Netflix from here.

If you want, I would say that this is sort of, you know, to get on the path of becoming a national park.

My first park, Pinnacles, it started as a national monument, and only got upgraded to full national park status in 2012.

What's the difference?

Status.

You know.

How do you mean exactly?

Well, national parks are given the highest level of protections, and they usually encompass, you know, they get more money, more funding.

They're the crown jewel.

Sorry.

Put your hand in the water.

Or commit suicide, either one.

Man.

Rough scene.

Rough look.

I think you should drop that.

Okay, all right.

So it was upgraded to park, and so what is, how would this place become a national park?

So you could start.

We would have to become a monument first?

Or you could be a national forest, or you could be.

Would we have to like carve someone's head into the building maybe?

That would put you to a monument.

Much like Mount Rushmore or Mount Podmore.

It'd be like my head and Mark Maron's head and.

And that's it.

Adam Carolla.

Joe Rogan.

Wow.

Just another four white dudes on a mountain.

Yeah.

We did it.

Yeah.

Finally.

What would be the crazy horse pointing to it?

Sarah Koenig.

Yeah, that's right.

Sarah Koenig.

And all four of them can fit in the scope of her armpit.

That's true about crazy horse.

Is that true?

I did not know.

Crazy horse is much bigger.

I did not know that.

And it's pointing.

Wow, stuff.

And all of Mount Rushmore can fit now.

Crazy horse is unfinished, much like the fortress of Fort Jefferson on dry tortugas.

Oh my goodness.

We're learning so much.

Well, that's what the parks do, Scott.

Do you have any way of anchoring to finish those fortresses?

Like when you're.

Oh gosh, you know what.

Can you finish them?

Do you dream about what you do?

Here's what's amazing.

Should be a contest.

The fortress is made of 160 million bricks.

And I've been thinking, how can I get a couple more bricks over here to just finish this dang thing?

Oh yeah, just add a couple of bricks.

But that's when they inform me the part that's missing is actually the weaponry.

We don't have the cannons.

Oh, sure.

Well, that's what the fortress was built during that time.

Okay.

So yeah, I mean, I would say I got at least 10 bricks at home.

I would love to go up there and just.

I would love to get those bricks from you.

Oh, you want me to give you bricks?

I was suggesting that I bring the bricks over there and finish it myself.

Do you have a seaplane?

I don't, but Brock, I bet you do.

You do.

You have a seaplane.

Really?

I mean, I have access to one, but I don't have owns.

And I have Lego bricks.

Do Lego bricks count?

Well, I'll take them.

You know, bricks of brick.

How about gold bricks?

How many of those do you get?

I'd rather not say fair.

Well, you have a giant, I mean, did you sell the basketball Pearl?

I never asked you.

Yeah.

Where is that?

I kept it in my hall of treasures.

So you don't sell the treasures.

I sell some treasure.

You have a hall of treasures.

Of course I do.

So this hall of treasure, what's your address?

I'm not going to tell you my address of my hall of treasure.

What city is it in at the very least?

It's in my city of Lubbock, Texas.

I knew it.

Yeah.

That's wonderful.

A lot of land there.

A lot of land.

Yeah.

Great place to have a treasure hall.

That's great.

Are people invited to see the treasure or do you give tours?

You don't give tours to civilians.

It didn't go well the one time.

What happened?

It can be hard.

I can imagine.

Okay.

There's a big pile of doubloons.

Everyone wants to swim in it like Scrooge McDuck.

Whoa.

And it's not funny.

I've seen it.

I get it.

Because it would be very hard to breathe as well.

I would imagine.

Yeah.

And then who's got to rescue them?

Brock.

Do you have like signs that say no lifeguard on duty?

Yes, I do.

Now.

But Brock, if one of those civilians were really in danger, you might be able to get the sword of Gryffindor.

Oh, someone's got to get that thing.

By the end of the podcast, we got to get that sword.

Good challenge.

Now you have a whole sea of doubloons, but the first doubloon's not in there.

No, it's still in Lake Michigan.

Oh, that's right.

Is there like an indentation where you would put it if you were- Yes, I've kept a special place- There's one spot where- In this gigantic pile of doubloons.

And so when people dive in there, they're messing it up.

They're messing.

I got to do the whole thing over again.

Oh, that's hard.

It's hard.

Nicky and I tour quite often and I would like to, when we play Detroit, we will go and look for you.

So you'll stick your arm in?

I mean, you're not as tall as Brock here.

I'm not as tall, but my want is strong.

How tall is that lake?

It's pretty tall.

It's a pretty tall lake.

I'll reach around.

If I don't touch the bottom, I'm just going to reach around.

So you're going to give it a reach around?

I will, of course.

Do me a favor.

If you do find it, take a picture of yourself holding it, put it back in there.

Add a respect.

Just like Titanic.

Why do you want- Oh, God damn it, you're right.

I would think that- I'd say keep it.

Whatever you do, don't say oops when you drop it back in there.

Oops.

That drove me crazy.

She has oops in the movie?

I yelled out loud.

That really took her agency away, didn't it?

Like, oops.

Well, she's being all cute about it.

She is being cute for no one, but this may be for no one.

Being cute for no one.

Come on, you guys are sort of cute while you're alone at home, or do you just like the mask drops?

Scott, are you cute alone at home?

Yeah, I do cute things.

That was cute.

I wish someone was there to see that.

You're cute like no one's watching?

Yeah.

That's very cute.

That's the best.

Yeah.

That's cute.

This might be neither here nor there, and maybe too late.

I don't want to open up these wounds, but have you watched the alternate ending to Titanic?

No.

Whatever it is.

Wait, so on the DVD or something, there's an alternate ending?

On the DVD, there are cut scenes.

What happens?

I watched it on VHS, three tapes.

That's right.

It's a long one.

Laser disc, five lasers.

It's a long one.

So Jackson actually finds her before she drops it in and says, stop, stop, stop, and then holds it in his hand and says, you're right.

I never got it until now.

And then he throws it in or he gives it back and he's like, yeah, I didn't let the stories get to me.

Did that actually happen?

Just make my blood boil.

No, it didn't happen.

What are you talking about?

Did you get permission?

So why would he film it?

I guess it's just some of that Hollywood bullshit.

I just think it might be worth seeing if that feels closer, but there is a version where, and it kind of retroactively makes you understand why Bill Paxton acts in that movie like the movie is about his arc.

Because he has a resolution of him understanding that maybe treasure, maybe sometimes treasure should not be taken.

His singular pursuit of the treasure made him forget that a lot of souls were lost at sea.

You don't feel that way.

Well, honestly, my biggest gripe with the film is they shifted the focus off of treasure hunting.

Yeah, I agree.

I don't care.

I don't care if these people fuck on a car.

I agree.

Oh, come on.

You don't do that in the shower.

Try to make that steam hand be all cute by yourself.

See if you can make it look exactly like the steam hand.

I mean, everyone's done that, of course.

Only when you're by yourself.

Of course.

The only thing interesting about them fucking in that car was that it was on a boat.

Yeah.

A car on a boat.

What do you think about that?

I admit that's pretty rare.

Yeah.

Hat and a hat.

Right?

Yeah.

Hat and a hat.

The children's story.

Wow.

You know, Marjorie, come to think of it, if you ever wanted to transfer and find a new job, you could maybe work for Brock over here in his underground treasure hall.

You could be pointing out the different treasures.

You could warn people away from diving into the doubloon pool.

That would be very exciting.

Direct people to the giant penny?

That would be...

So where did you find the giant penny?

Like Batman.

It was a treasure.

You didn't even talk about that.

No one asked me about it.

Did you find it in a different underground cave?

Yeah, I did.

Was there a Robin costume in a glass case down there?

Like a bird?

No, no.

Like a red and green and yellow costume.

I don't know what you're talking about.

It had a big R on it.

Okay, nevermind.

This had a giant penny, playing cards.

What about a dinosaur?

There was a dinosaur there.

I assume that was a dinosaur that just got trapped there.

This is a different guy's cave.

Yeah.

Wow.

It would be hard for me to leave the park system, Scott.

I do love it very much.

Well, you would be able to talk about religion, I would imagine.

Oh, man.

We love talking about religion on the boat.

That could be good, but I could also just try to get stationed at Big Bend National Park.

Big Bend.

Not Big Bend.

No, no.

That's not national.

That's international.

No, no.

That's international, and that's a big old clock is what that is.

Big clock.

That's a big clock.

You're not interested in that?

Huge clock.

No, no.

I'm more interested in the natural wonders of the world.

So that's again why this treasure might not be such a perfect fit.

Although Mount Rushmore is a man-made wonder.

But not a national park, Scott.

A national monument.

True.

And I guess carved out of a- She shut you down again!

In your face!

Oh, man.

It's just my job to gently know about parks.

Which ones they are.

Well, Brock- Some facts about them.

Gently know.

Brock, how much would you pay salary-wise for someone to do that for you?

It could be a nice kind of weekend gig for me.

I could do it on Saturdays and Sundays if I could get transferred to Big Bend.

I'd be willing to match your salary from the national parks.

Whoa!

Just for the weekends?

Yeah.

Just for the weekends.

So you'd make double the money?

No, wait.

I mean, for like- Oh, for a full-time hourly?

Yeah.

Oh, like on an hourly.

I'm not gonna give you just what you make for your full-time job.

Well, that's what it sounded like.

Fuck you, Brock.

Fuck you, Scott!

Guys, guys, guys.

You know- Relax.

Every once in a while, a guest will come on here who's just an irritating jerk.

Are you out of your mind?

Listen to the shit that you've said to me.

How dare you?

You can't handle the truth.

Thank you!

I don't know who you were talking to, me or him.

Yeah, who are you?

I wanted to see that.

No one can!

You lobbed that in the air.

No one can handle the truth.

You guys were just yelling, so I just said something.

So you wanted to yell as well?

It felt right to me.

It felt right, yeah.

It's something.

Thank you, Marjorie.

Well, look, Marjorie, this is an exciting opportunity.

I wouldn't pass this up.

I just got transferred to Dry Tortugas, and I feel like I gotta see out the summer season.

How long is too short when you're transferred somewhere?

You think it's rude to transfer somewhere else?

Well, I'd like to see the summer.

Our peak was in 2000.

We got about 80,000 visitors.

Now we're on a downturn, and I'd like to see if I could get those numbers on an uptick in this hot summer season.

How are you gonna do that?

Yeah, how are you?

Oh, you know, doing things like...

By appearing on podcasts?

By appearing on podcasts and encouraging people to go to the Dry Tortugas.

Yeah, the bang bang bump.

Yeah, the bang bang, classic bang bang bump.

Letting people know about treasure, possible treasure that might be there.

And you know what?

I mean, I'm gonna go.

What greater treasure than getting lost in the wild?

You know, right, Scott?

Finding yourself, appreciating the parks.

All right, well, this job may not be there forever, so...

Your treasure won't be here forever?

I mean, the treasure probably will, but the job offer may not be around.

Yeah, I mean, you know, you gotta move fast on this.

Now that I got the idea.

And I'm so sorry, I was in the studio crocheting before I came in, and I wanted to let you know, I don't know if this will help you sleep at night, on the Minions ride, you are turned into a minion.

So that is you on the Minions ride.

Oh, so those are people.

Oh, plot.

Wow.

And actually, I do need to go back.

Can you edit this in?

Can you put this in?

Spoiler alert for the Minions ride.

Okay.

Okay, now I've said this thing, and now here we are.

Okay, good.

Yeah, retroactive spoiler.

How do you know that you've been turned into a minion?

Well, you know, Gru, he's sort of like a mechanical engineer.

He believes in facts and math.

Is that a minion?

No, Gru is the evil boss of the Minions.

He's the despicable me.

He's the despicable guy.

He is the very same.

And he makes a machine that minionizes humans.

People who go on this ride are turned into minions?

Scott, don't worry, you are returned to your human form at the end.

Spoiler alert!

I'm so sorry.

Every time though?

Or do they miss certain rides?

Well maybe some rides it misses, but here's a true fact, that ride made me cry.

From emotions?

Yes, from emotions.

Scott, it was like mountains up and down, happily sad.

You know, that's how I felt.

We can relate to that.

We relate to that.

I cried.

I cried, Scott.

It's very emotional.

It's an emotional roller coaster.

Literally.

Yeah, it is one.

I'm going to start saying emotional minions ride instead of emotional Batman ride.

Let me ask you this.

If you go on the ride multiple times, are you turned into the same minion every time?

You know, I think it might depend on your room placement.

Yeah, it might depend on the seat in which you're in.

You might be more of a Tic Tac shape like Kevin.

You might be more of a squat shape like Stu.

You might have one eyes or two eyes, goggles or none.

Wow.

So many different types of minions.

We can go on this minion ride if we're going to go search for Jaws.

You should go over there.

And then you can pop over and try to get the sword of Gryffindor.

And Bruce.

All in one day.

What a wonderful day.

That does sound like fun.

And I'm footing the bill for all this.

Yeah.

Do you want to do it?

I know we've had our differences, but that's real nice of you.

Thank you.

I'll say I have a big fan.

Thank you.

You know what I mean?

I mean, that's why I offer the minions ride.

Brings people together.

Yeah.

Ever since I saw Titanic, I just really.

God damn it.

OK, look, we need to do our final feature on the show.

We're running out of time.

This is a little something called Plugs.

Let me tell you about Scott.

Whoa, that was Plugs are for Punks.

Wow.

Whoa.

Big Cat Music Squad.

Holy moly.

You really like that one, Brock.

Wow.

Treasure shifted gears.

What's your favorite type of music, Brock?

I like chamber music.

OK.

And hardcore punk.

All right, guys.

I hate to say I like screwdrivers.

Love them.

The drink?

Yeah.

Great.

I'll make one for you.

I'll make you a fresh one on your way out.

All right, guys, what are we plugging?

Ryan and Nikki, obviously, the new album's out.

Widows, we thank you for plugging.

Oh, my pleasure.

Multiple times.

Yeah, multiple times.

We want people and you would suggest people stream this the equivalent amount of times in order for a for a purchase or however you want to hear it.

If you want to hear it, that's have we all just given up or like you want to stream it?

Who cares?

I mean, we'll come over and play for you like we did in here.

Really?

So any listener who wants you to come over and play?

Yeah, if we're not doing anything.

God, that was amazing.

So wait, you have to you have to not be doing anything.

But we are going on that trip with you guys.

So well, first we got to get okay, wait, we have to go on the minions ride.

We have to get the sort of first or is that I would say we do the other guys are all going to be crying.

We want to get the shark first.

I mean, I guess I'll look at that thing.

The Gryffindor is up in the air.

We're gonna get that.

I do prefer National Parks to amusement parks, but I'd say you want to start in that wizarding world because those lines can get out of control.

See if you can, you know, keep the sort of Gryffindor.

I may have a butter beer and then why don't you take a break?

Go to water worlds.

Yeah.

And like you want to save the best for last again, if you go to Wizarding World and then experience the magic of transformers like yeah.

And that fast and furious ride that guys are you turned into a robot on the transformers right?

You turn into a minion.

You just any ride you go all the rides.

They're all emotional coasters.

Is water worlds still happening?

Oh yeah.

Oh, big time.

Oh yeah.

For sure.

It's a big one.

All right.

So you know, Universal Studios, you know, you're talking about.

You must love that show.

Love it.

So if anyone out there, if you want to take a break, we're all plugging Universal Studios.

Take a vacation out here to the West Coast.

They have a good deal going on at Costco right now.

They do?

Really?

Okay.

Let me know about that because you know, I'm, it looks like I'm buying.

For eight or tickets.

Yeah.

So yeah, you said you were going to wait.

Do I have to go?

You have to come with us.

You don't have to.

Yes.

All right.

Uh, Brock, what do you want to plug?

Well, I got a, I got a seed all my plugs to somebody else's projects because you know, I can't talk about what treasure runs I'm going on because these are my BP beat me to it.

Right.

Yeah.

But in addition to Universal Studios, all the rides, uh, I want to plug a show called, it's happening in Los Angeles called the bajillionaires.

The bajillionaires.

Yeah.

It's a bunch of people doing improv comedy that's happening at UCB Franklin on tomorrow night at nine 30.

This is Tuesday the 19th.

The 19th.

The heart castle.

That's right.

Then the Wednesday, the 26th, the show called work juice improv is happening at dynasty typewriter in Los Angeles.

Oh my gosh.

These sound like great shows.

Yeah.

Padgett Brewster is going to do monologues for the show.

That's amazing.

She's from criminal minds.

That's right.

She played the villain on that.

Is she like the murderer on that?

No, she's not the criminal mind.

She's not.

Oh, okay.

She uses her mind to stop the criminals.

Oh, so like telepathically.

Yeah.

Then in Philadelphia, July, sorry.

We're jumping.

I was still in Los Angeles.

We're moving along.

We're sliding all the way over to the East coast.

The 19th of July, July 19th, superego is going to be in Philadelphia.

Wow.

Part of the, we, the people in process.

You better get those tickets and then that cracked bell there.

Yeah.

They still trying to get that so many times.

There's somebody watching it all the time.

You got close to it.

I've got a map on the back of the declaration of independence.

I fell for that and I feel stupid.

Wait, is that movie about you?

No.

Oh, okay.

I saw the movie and I got all excited.

Oh, and then you went out there to the declaration of independence.

Are you going to take a plane out there?

I might take a plane out there.

It's easier than taking a boat.

Yeah.

We've established you don't just travel by sea.

Yeah.

It's not a thing I ever said that I do.

To be fair, he never said that.

Okay.

One would assume though.

I'm still in the middle of the middle of the block.

Hey guys, we just hit Philadelphia here.

Then we're going down to Brooklyn the very next night.

Tokyo is going to be at the bell house on the 20th for two shows the following night.

Spontorco with Eugene Cordero, Janet Varney, Donnie Newsom, Paul F. Tompkins and Edmond Schleder is going to be happening at the bell house.

The end.

Wow.

That's a lot of treasure.

A lot of fun treasure.

Wow.

All right.

Well, Marjorie, what are you plugging here?

I'd like to plug, go to a national park.

Just go to any one.

Also national forest, also national monuments, also designated wilderness areas where to reach the status of being a wilderness area, you have to be able to achieve solitude, which means that some areas only let in about 20 visitors a day, including a famous area that you may have seen as a windows backdrop or screen saver.

It's called the wave.

It looks like some of those areas in the Antelope Valley, they only let in 20 people a day in coyote beams.

Wow.

Oh my God.

So get out there.

It's a great world.

Amazing.

All right.

We'll be sure to do that.

Also listen to Off Book, the improvised musical podcast.

Okay.

Yeah.

If you can't go anywhere, stay home, stay home, go on a journey in your ears.

You can do both.

I want to plug some tour dates that we have coming up.

This is exciting.

First of all, I want to say this weekend cluster fest up there in San Francisco is happening and we'll be doing a live comedy bang bang with special guests and a live, are you talking REM re me with special guests.

So that's this weekend, San Francisco.

But I want to announce today that we have some tour dates coming up, sort of 10th anniversary CBB dates.

Lemmy and they're all going on sale this week.

Lemmy list them.

We have August 21 in Medford, Massachusetts, August 22 Providence, Rhode Island, August 23rd, New Haven, Connecticut, September 5th, Kansas City, Missouri, and September 6th, St. Paul, Minnesota.

A bunch of cities that we have not played before.

So a presale tickets start this Wednesday.

The offer code is bang bang or the password and the public on sale is this Friday.

So get those tickets.

That's going to be me and the aforementioned Paul F. Tompkins and Lauren Latkes.

We're all going out there to try to see you to a bunch of cities we've never been before.

Sounds all right.

Sounds, it sounds okay to you.

You were so into Paul F. Tompkins, other projects.

So why doesn't this sound good?

Well, he's just like a spoke in the wheel on these.

And also, by the way, the between two firms movie comes out September 20th.

So check that out when it comes out.

All right, let's close up the old plug bag.

Yeah.

Close your eyes and open up that bag.

Ah, good to have you back.

We have something else to plug.

Oh, what do you have?

Can we open the bag?

Open the bag again.

I don't think that we have time to open the bag.

Guys, I want to thank you so much.

First of all, Brock, always great to talk to you.

Look, I love you, man.

I love you too.

Stay alive.

I don't know why we stay alive.

I will stay alive.

Thanks, man.

We will find you.

That's right, as they said back then in Band-Aid.

Feed the people.

Back in 1985.

That's right.

Get all that fresh air.

Marjorie, I like you.

Oh, okay.

Yeah.

We don't know each other all that well.

I'm not like Brock and I do.

Brock's a flying.

Yeah, no, I think, yeah, I like you also, Scott.

Very good.

I'd love to check out one of your- Parks?

I'm sure you would.

They're all of our parks.

That's not what I was going to say.

And Silver Sun Pickups, you guys- We love all you guys.

Everyone.

Yeah.

We're going to play another song.

Is that right?

Oh, sure.

And this is off the new record.

Yeah, this is called Freakazoid.

Let's do it.

This is Freakazoid.

Okay, and thank you so much for being here.

All right.

Thank you for having us.

Here we go.

This is Freakazoid from Silver Sun Pickups.

Here we go.

Yep.

Three, four.

And if you're feeling paranoid What the hell does that mean?

I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie.
