---
layout: page
title: 607. Beth Stelling, Ego Nwodim, Betsy Sodaro [https：⧸⧸cloudfront.wolfpub.io⧸CBB-607-20190620-StellingSoderoNwodim-SKv03-PW.mp3].mp3.wav
category: cbb 
---

♪ Comedy Bang Bang ♪ To sleep perchance to cream, welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

Oh boy. Thank you, Fedge. Fedge, F-E-J, for that wonderful catchphrase mission.

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang for another week. Don't think that one's sticking, no pun intended.

Probably going to be different next week. Welcome to the show, and what a wonderful show. By the way, my name is Scott Aukerman. I'm your host for another week. And by the way, speaking of weeks, this is the final seven days, dads and grads. Dads, you had your moment in the sun approximately a week ago or so. You had it. You're on the wane. Grads, you're probably still in the mix, but you have seven days until July 1st. And then I'm going to ask you politely at first, and then very vehemently, to get the fuck out of my timeline because no more dads and grads.

Come July 1st. So that's some business that we had to take care of. Also, some old business that we have to take care of. Yes, I did touch Brian and Nicky as they left last week. I promised to give you an update on that. We had not touched prior to the show. I believe I shook hands with Brian, and I believe Nicky came in for an unexpected hug that I was very surprised by.

But I gave back as good as I got. So both of us...

There's got to be a better way to say it than pressed flesh.

But I mean, both of us...

Yeah, I don't know. Our bodies were in such proximity that they eventually touched.

So a little update on that. Coming up a little later on the show, we have a judge. Oh, that's very exciting. We don't get a lot of judges on the show. And we have an entertainer. Oh my gosh. So an eclectic group today. But before we get to them, let's talk to our first guest. She is similarly an entertainer. I don't know whether similar to the other entertainer that's going to be on. We'll find that out when they get on the show.

But she is a comedian. She is a podcaster.

She, I'm sure, has been on television in an acting capacity once, twice, thrice. And she has a show called We Called Your Mom, which she... This is a podcast on Stitcher Premium, which she performs with her biological, I'm assuming, mother. Although I guess I shouldn't step in it. Like I stepped on it last week with Brian when I asked if his father was still alive and he had just recently died.

That's actually been a problem with the pod.

Really?

Yeah. If you ask, hey, does your mom want to do the podcast?

My mom just died. And you're like, I am really sorry about that.

Yeah, this is the problem. And it was an innocuous question that was just something that came up because he was talking about parents being proud of when you're a rock star. And I was like, oh, is your father still with us? And nope.

Right. But I don't think there's any other way to go about it.

By the way, best-selling is here.

It's me. Hi, sorry. Was I not supposed to talk yet?

No, no, please.

Okay. But for example, we all know some certain social graces or things to avoid.

When are you expecting?

Yes, never talk about that. Especially if it's a man.

Yes.

And you're just calling them fat.

Exactly. Creatively. But I think with that, it's sort of like, Americans for sure have some sort of weird obsession with death and that we're constantly watching it, but don't want to talk about it.

Right. Yes. I think let's all talk about it.

Right. But how do you avoid the question? It's a reality.

My dad's dead.

Your dad is dead.

No, he's alive. But I just was- God, I'm very confused now. I'm never going to ask this again.

Oh, I see. That was the extent of my character work.

But is your mother your biological mother or do you even know?

Yes. I do know she had me.

How do you know?

She told me. There's a birth plate up in the house.

I know it's just word of, it's hard to believe women, but she- Word of mouth.

Yes. Yeah. She told me.

No, no, no. Believe women is what I say. I'm not going to let you get away with that on my show.

I wasn't sneaking that in on you.

You've never done what we call 23andMe?

I have.

You have?

I just got an email from 23andMe. They won't let up. One of them was like, do you have the public speaker gene?

What?

Yeah, that's a new thing they have now. I could read it better or something if I pull it up for you. But yeah, it was like, new. Do you have the public speaking gene? Find out.

Is that a thing that they can find out? Really?

I mean, they analyze your saliva. I'm sure they could make that up.

This person's talked a lot.

This saliva's active.

Yeah.

Beth, welcome to the show. You're the first time on the show. It's great to have you.

I'm happy to be here and honored.

Well, it's my honor to have you. You're one of America's greatest comedians. And living.

Living. Thank you.

I don't mean to presume that you're better than, who's a dead comedian? Mark Twain. Oh, Richard Pryor. Let's say Richard Pryor.

Mark Twain.

Mark Twain is a- Classic titan of comedy.

They considered his books to be very funny. Which is why I believe they named awards after him. But you're one of America's greatest living comedians.

That was me showing I was alive. I was breathing.

Oh, okay. Most like a vampire.

You were fogging up my mirror that I held right above your mouth.

And you have this podcast, so it's with your mother.

Yes.

And is it, is, what is the concept of it? Because you told me this in an elevator when I believe I was there with your mother. Yes.

I know. She said, what do you do? She called me earlier.

The quote of the day or what is that?

The tagline?

It's a catchphrase that people submit trying to get it to be the permanent catchphrase.

Well, right away remind, somebody texted me today, a friend, another comedian, ever Maynard. She texted me a photo of some Cavaliers. She's in London. She said, your mom would cream over how many Cavalier King Charles are here. Which I love her, but it's a little gross. Anyway, links to this.

What's a Cavalier King Charles? She's a big Cavalier King Charles Spaniel fan.

Oh, that's a type of breed of dog?

She's got one named Nigel.

She does. Is she an Anglophile?

I don't know. What's that mean?

That means does she like English things?

Oh no, I think it's just the dog.

Does she like the Beatles?

Loves the Beatles.

She likes this dog and the Beatles. I think she's an Anglophile.

You're right. She might be. I learned a new word.

You just might be an Anglophile. Do you like the Beatles?

Yeah, she's a musician, pianist, music teacher. She had a huge poster of Ringo Starr in our house. She raised us, me and my sisters alone.

How did I hit this Beatles thing? She's got a huge poster of Ringo Starr.

Well, yes. And of course she decorated her classroom with music type things.

And this might've snuck home.

The bass clef, the treble clef?

Yes, they were everywhere. I did have a mobile over my crib of that.

You did really?

Yes, bass clef treble.

And musical notes as well or just the clefs?

It was like a bar of music with the treble clef and some notes dangling.

Sure. Do, re, me, etc.

We sang it. Yes.

Anyway, I used to be scared of that poster.

Of Ringo? Yeah.

He's not the best looking in my opinion.

I mean, they said that the cute one was Paul, which in my mind is kind of a slam on the others.

Like, look at these butter faces over here.

I know. But Ringo ended up being pretty much...

Well, he's alive, which gives him an edge on...

Yeah, drumming legend.

And then he didn't, I don't think, as far as I can tell, he didn't get that, you know, and allegedly the, he didn't go under the knife like Paul does.

You look at Paul and he like, he looks so young, doesn't he?

It's true.

The plastic surgery makes everyone look so incredibly young.

You can't even tell how old they are anymore because they look so, so very young.

I was thinking, what about doing like a time lapse?

But I have to wear a little helmet with the camera dangling, but a time lapse of my face aging for the next 20 years.

Wait, you have to wear this or just take a picture of yourself once a day?

I feel like video would be more great.

Wait, you're going to take a picture of you constantly all day?

Every day, all day.

How fast is this time lapse going to be?

I think it would show what expressions made with wrinkles.

I'm not going to watch your time lapse that's going to last the entirety of your entire life.

You won't, but I've got a super fan and my mom will watch it.

Yeah, your mom will watch it.

Okay, so yes.

Tell me about this.

You have a show with your mom.

What is it?

What's the premise?

The premise is like, I've never had a podcast of my own.

I think it was one of those things where I felt like you kind of had to get in early.

And often.

Yeah.

And then if you didn't, it was like, well, why on earth would you try to step in now?

Well, exactly.

There's been 600 and five, six episodes of this.

If you don't have 600 episodes, at least get the fuck out of here.

Like there's no way that you're going to be popular.

Yeah.

Honestly, I was with you till 200 and I was like, well, I've reached my capacity.

So you, you listen to up to 200.

Yeah.

Every like, okay.

Now this turned into a slam of me.

I don't know.

I was started as like, you're great.

I did.

That was not a slam.

Okay.

Well, it was a slam.

You just didn't mean it.

Is that what you're trying to say?

And in fact, I didn't listen to the 200 episodes.

Okay.

Now it turned into a worst slam.

I don't know what's happening right now.

I don't come here to be insulted.

I go home for that.

I think you're great.

I didn't mean it.

I don't know.

I'm not good at improvising.

I just improvised that.

This is just talking.

I know, but I'm not good at it.

Like I guess talking is the ultimate improvisation.

I got nervous.

Is it not?

Oh, you're nervous right now.

I didn't mean it.

You're you're you've got this big dick energy right now.

Really?

Yeah.

That I, and I'm like, you're negging me for some reason.

Yeah.

I'm cowed in a corner.

You just see me backing up into the corner here?

Somebody help Scott.

I don't know what is going on.

This is not.

Wait, hold on.

I'll put my chair down.

Okay.

Yeah, please.

Okay.

Oh, this is much better.

Okay.

There we go.

Okay.

Beth is now a considerably lower than I am.

Okay.

I wasn't into podcasts and then I felt like I didn't really have the knowledge.

I see you originally, when you first started talking about this, I thought you were talking about hosting it because you presaged it with, I don't, I've never had a podcast on my own.

You're talking about listening.

I'm talking about both really.

Okay.

I really, I was not listening to any, and I also wouldn't imagine feeling like I had anything provocative or worthwhile to add to the podcast.

To the medium.

Yes.

If anything, I would be intimidated by your greatness.

By the way, you being low right now is really helped out.

It has really helped out a relationship because now you're apologetic.

You're reaching up to me.

I didn't mean it in a bad way.

That's why I feel okay.

I want to be an equal.

Okay.

All right.

So then I thought, okay, I'm sorry.

I love my mom.

And I just thought, what wouldn't it be? I love my mom.

I like hearing from other people's moms.

I thought when you say that, what do you mean?

Like I enjoy talking to other moms.

When you meet a friend's mom or just like out on the street, you'll say, are you a mom?

Yeah.

I just ask everybody.

I say, are you expecting?

Yeah.

Are you my mother?

Yeah.

Classic book.

I just, I don't know.

I like talking to people of a, of a different generation.

Or you like talking to people with that experience of having given birth.

I have a fascination with moms, I guess.

I think they're great.

I don't know.

I want, I want to, when I meet another comedian, I'm curious about how they were raised and what they were like and stuff.

And the way to get that information, I think is from a mom, obviously bias in some way, but so is every comedian's act.

So I think it's like, the idea I had was I'm going to do something with my mom.

She doesn't know what a podcast is either.

Does she live in town by the way?

Or does she fly in for, oh, she flies in for this.

Yeah.

She lives in Ohio.

Ohio.

Where I was raised.

Okay.

So she comes in and we just knocked out a bunch of, we've knocked out a bunch of episodes.

Okay.

That's when you saw her.

Yes.

I did.

I did happen to see her again.

I'm going to say in the flesh, there's gotta be a better way to say this.

Can we just.

In the skin.

Yeah.

I saw her skin particles.

I met her.

I, I, I, usually when I meet someone's parent, I try to say, oh, we, I forgot to do this probably with your mom.

I usually like to say, oh, we really like this person here and they're doing well or whatever.

I think I was more, uh, uh, it was in passing.

Yeah.

So I apologize if I did not say anything.

Okay.

But in any case, so you brought your mom out and has she ever performed, uh, in any capacity?

Uh, I mean, she's a pianist and she is a teacher and some teachers, I think fancy themselves stand of comedians in a way.

Sure.

My mom, have you seen that Gabriel Iglesias show on Netflix?

No.

Have you seen head of the class?

No.

Okay.

It's a standard trope.

Okay.

Stand up comedian.

If you have a stand up comedian who's looking for a television show, you put them as a teacher.

Yeah.

And it's, yeah.

And that way it's like, they get to yell at the kids the same way they yell at the audience of like, you know, you're stupid because you think this, but I'm the smart one.

Cause I think this now we know what Scott thinks of stand up comedy.

Yeah.

That's pretty much all it is.

Um, so yeah, she hadn't really performed and.

Was she twiddling her fingers the entire time?

Like she was playing piano.

Just to be comfortable.

Yeah.

But they were in her lap, which made it even more confusing.

Oh, okay.

So when you pitched her this idea, I really want to get into the nuts and the bolts and the whole backstory.

When you said, mom, uh, I want to do this show with you.

Was she surprised or was she like, oh yeah, that makes sense.

Okay.

She was, her reaction was sort of, what's a podcast?

It was like, sure.

Oh, okay.

And then what's a computer?

Yes, I actually showed her how to yes.

Build a computer.

Yeah.

Just so she understand the whole process.

Sure.

Okay.

Yeah.

So once she was comfortable with that and could reassemble one in 10 seconds blindfolded, then I flew her here.

Okay, good.

Put her on the mic, put her in the hot seat.

I gave her sort of like a map of what we could talk about and stuff, but it was very loose.

On the show.

So my mom and I sit in here and then we call the mother over the phone.

What mother?

We called Maria Banford's mom, Marilyn.

Okay.

So these are like other, other performers, mothers, Sam Richardson's mom, Lydia, Baron Vaughn's mom, Charlotte.

You still know their names.

Yeah.

We got to know them intensely.

I love moms.

Wow.

I think it, and then it's a fun little idea that we're talking to like, you know, the maker of a comedian where they came from.

So now does your mom, what do you find that she has a complimentary skillset to yours?

Or do you, are you very similar?

What as a, as a sort of figuring it out.

Okay.

Because neither of us had ever done it.

We didn't know what we were doing.

I didn't even know how to be like, Hey, welcome to my podcast.

Is that what you're doing?

Nobody's going to listen now.

Hey.

So I guess what I mean is, is your mom like, a little bit, we, we have, we're close.

We were not, I like to say we're like a nice balance of a mother daughter.

You had a closer relationship or have a close relationship with your mother.

Yes.

But I'm also not, my mom is my best friend.

You know, I, I, I'm not saying you're bad.

If you do that, I just think who's your best friend.

I have their most, unfortunately I they're far, but I grew up with, they died recently.

Fortunately, they're all dead comedians.

But, um, my best friends, if you got married, would you call your husband or wife, your best friend?

Uh, I guess so.

Yeah.

I don't like that.

I guess.

I, people should have a significant other and someone they're married to and they should have a best friend and that, and I think once the husbands and wives started eking into the best friend territory, this is dangerous.

This is dangerous stuff.

Stay out of it.

I see what you're saying.

Let us have a best friend.

But you also have a relationship with your partner that is friendlike, trustworthy, loving.

Sure, sure, sure.

But I call her my wife.

Sure.

You know, and, and I'm not blaming the significant others who, who started getting into the, I'm not blaming them as much as I'm blaming the first.

And I think it was a guy who was trying to get points with his wife.

The first guy to ever say it like my wife is my best friend.

Stop it.

My best friend is a guy named Jim.

All right.

And I'm not married to him.

Mine's Meredith.

Oh, that's nice.

Meredith, Meredith Vieira?

Yes.

Wow.

I know I love older women.

What can I say?

I've said it.

Love moms.

So yeah, we just had a great conversation.

They're funny.

We call them up.

How are you?

Get some funny tales about them growing up.

It's not meant to be, of course, it's not meant to be sort of like exploitative thing.

It's meant to be fun.

Then what were they like growing up?

There's so many similarities between some of these performers too, which is fun to pull out.

Do their progeny know that the call is occurring?

Oh yeah.

Okay.

Yeah.

So you clear it with Seth Rogen or whomever.

Yeah.

In fact, I just said to say, Hey Seth, can I call your mom?

And he's like, let me ask her.

And then she was like, yeah, I'd love to do it.

Standard asking someone to do something procedure.

Sure.

Sounds good.

I just mean like, guess what?

You don't have to do anything really.

Oh, right.

Right.

I think that's, that was my own personal joy with coming up with the idea.

Cause I was like, you're not bothering comedians.

So yes, you're bothering people who have ostensibly nothing better to do.

Well, no, I mean, and yes, but it was a mix of like, I've never done a podcast.

If I'm going to do a podcast, it should be interesting.

And I really don't want to bother my friends.

Right.

I sometimes, you know how it is.

Well, yeah.

There's so many podcasts.

Sometimes they can be very fun.

And other times you're like, why did I just come here?

Do I have no idea?

Are you big timing me again?

No, Scott, at the end of this, we're going to have a list of regrets and I already have three.

Can we share them?

You know, when you leave a social situation, you're like, why did I say that?

I didn't mean it.

No, I'm bit.

Yeah.

I'm definitely into that where I just replay the entire night.

That's what I'm doing with the comment earlier.

I love you.

I feel bad.

Okay.

No, you're doing great.

This is a wonderful appearance.

And we called your mom is on Stitcher premium right now.

Yeah.

And it's a, how many episodes did you make?

We have six.

I didn't mention Jonathan Van Ness's mom, Mary.

Great.

He's very popular right now and living the high life right now.

And on a crest, the crest of a wave of show business that very few of us can achieve.

Selling out theaters.

Oh yeah.

SRO.

Standing room only.

Turning away people.

I didn't know what that meant at first, but now I do.

Sure.

SRO.

You ever had a show go SRO?

You know, I have.

You had some dates in Vegas recently you were telling me about.

Yes.

Those were not SRO.

They were not SRO.

Sorry to hear.

And by the way, you're also going to be at the Montreal comedy festival coming out, a wonderful festival out there in Montreal.

I guess I just said the same thing backwards.

You've done it before, right?

I have.

Yes.

I would imagine you've been there.

I did okay.

But you're going to be out there for five nights?

22, 23, 24, 25, 26, no six nights.

Eight.

I think I get in on Sunday.

Eight crazy nights?

Eight crazy nights.

Wow.

And you're doing standup while you're there?

Doing standup.

And you're also doing a live edition of this podcast as well.

That's right.

And we haven't figured out our mom.

So if there's any comedians or, you know, comedians there, whose moms you want us to talk to or, you know, the movie there, it sounds like a strange thing.

Like Beth, whose mother would be at Montreal with them.

If I were asking this, Will Forte's mom.

This, oh, yeah.

Okay.

Yes, it is possible.

But if I were asking this like, Hey, could you give me your mom's number?

It's different, right?

Yeah.

So if your mom's number, if there are any comedians, mothers out there, let's turn Montreal into momtrial.

Great freaking idea.

That's going to be my tagline.

Yes.

I'll open the podcast with that.

This is our submission for this episode's catch phrase from Scott.

You gotta work on your openings.

You really have to work on your opening.

I don't know which one's worse, the one you did previous, this one.

This one I was trying.

Beth Stelling is here, a wonderful comedian, and you'll be with us the entire program from what I'm assuming.

And you could stick around and we have wonderful guests on this show that we want to talk to.

And are you, it sounds like I don't have a hard out.

You're a naturally curious person.

Yeah.

Am I right?

I am.

And you, you like to talk to these moms and you would like to talk to other people and find out about their lives, right?

Of course.

I'd love that.

Well, we have wonderful people who are on the show here today.

So why don't we get to our next guest?

What do you say?

Yeah.

Okay, good.

Let's do it.

Anything you need to prepare?

You need a, you have a water there?

Everything good?

Maybe one more sip.

I want you to be at your utmost comfort level.

I don't want you to burp again into that mic.

Sorry about that, but I did turn my head.

You did turn your head and it was, although it was one of the loudest.

I'm sorry.

I've ever heard in this room or any other recording studio.

All right, well, let's get to our next guest.

She is a judge.

And that's exciting.

I've never spoken to a judge before on this show.

I look like a woman, but I am a man Scott.

I beg your pardon.

I did not mean to misgender you.

Yeah.

You misgendered me.

I beg your pardon.

All I had was, uh, I, I have a name here.

I ain't got no agenda, but I do have agenda.

You know what I'm saying?

I get those rhyme.

And so I do know what you're saying.

Okay.

I'm sorry.

All I saw, all I saw was a name.

Forced rhyme.

First, first rhyme Scott.

I beg your pardon.

Are you flustered by the judge?

I don't know why I'm on my heels this entire show.

You are on your heels.

Please welcome to the show judge ho Brown.

Yes.

Judge ho Brown.

Thank you.

Hold your applause.

That's applauding for some reason.

Hold your applause, but don't hold that applause.

If you know what I'm saying, that one, I am not with you.

I don't know what you're saying, but end of this podcast, we will figure it out.

Okay.

Together.

Judge ho Brown.

You're a man, obviously.

I guess I, I guess I, I saw the, I saw the name ho and I spelled ho traditional French way.

H E a U X.

See, I think that what happened is, is our producer just heard the word and wrote it down incorrectly and wrote it like HO.

Right.

Your producer is a ho for that.

That's what I do, Scott.

That's what you do.

I sit on a bench and I determined who's ho.

That's what you do.

So it's kind of like hot or not.com, but yes.

But ho just, and most people are in fact, hos.

Oh my gosh.

So wait, where, where do you do this?

What, uh, you do this on a bench?

Like a judge.

Oh, you mentioned the bench, but I mean, I guess where is the bench located?

Central park.

So I would have to go to New York to get judged.

Right.

Wait.

So you don't do this professionally.

You, uh, uh, is this, are you professional?

What makes you a professional interviewer?

Getting paid to do something.

That's what makes one paid once to tell someone there was a ho by whom I don't divulge that kind of information.

You're on an interview show where I'm asking about your life.

That's confidential.

Well, let's call this person.

Jane.

Okay.

Jane Doe was in fact a ho.

What about her was, uh, but I, how else to say this, but hoish.

She was, I was just curious.

What is the evidence?

Jane was in the streets.

If you know what I'm saying.

I think I do.

She was not a lady of the night, but she was in the streets.

So she was having sex with a lot of partners.

Unlike you, she was not a professional getting paid to her.

Right.

She was doing it for the enjoyment of the act.

For pleasure, for all for pain.

I didn't get into the details.

You didn't ask her if sex was painful for her.

That'd be the first question I asked.

Do you enjoy sex or is it painful for you?

No, I did not.

I did not.

I did not ask her.

No, she, but she was a ho.

She was a ho and she paid you to tell her this.

She approached me at the bench.

Why are you laughing?

What is funny about this story?

Am I a ho?

And you were like, you need to pay me first.

If you want to know, you got to give me some blow.

She paid me in blow.

She paid you in cocaine?

Blow-cane.

I call it blow-cane.

It's cute.

Cute.

You don't call men cute, Scott.

Did you do it?

I thought cocaine was illegal when you're a judge.

Well, she, uh, he, I beg your pardon.

He is, I keep staring at this.

You keep misgendering.

I beg your pardon.

What is it about me that makes you think I'm a woman?

My titties?

I mean, they're big.

The fact that I'm wearing a brassiere?

Yeah, I mean, that's look, I, but you're, you are whatever you want to be.

Yeah.

You know?

So whatever you say, I'm sorry.

I, I let me, you're a man.

Yes.

I'm a man.

Yes, of course.

Yeah.

So let me get this straight.

You sit in central park.

You do you have a bench?

Do you have a job on a bench?

On a bench?

Yes.

My job.

I'm a judge.

And you've only been doing sometimes I wear a robe.

Sometimes I wear shorts.

Let me guess when it's hotter, you wear shorts.

Yes.

Is it what kind of robe bathrobe or actual judges robe?

Well, graduation, you got it.

Graduation robe.

Y'all I'm so pickled by this whole encounter.

Cause I don't understand what the confusion is.

I don't understand what the confusion is.

I'm a man.

Look, you're a jet hand with big titties and a brassiere.

Yes.

And you're wearing a graduation robe in central park.

But shorts underneath in case I get hot.

And you've only been paid once for your job.

And all you do is call people host.

It's very clear, but some people are not hosts.

Oh, so you got to leave room for the yes.

Plot to twist.

So, okay.

So what's John?

Yeah.

John.

Scott.

John was her name.

Whatever you prefer.

Sweetie.

What is your question?

Well, I guess my question is it's, it's a very unconventional thing to do.

Sure.

And you don't seem to have any sort of paying job.

We didn't ask that actually.

No, but here's the thing.

I feel like I maybe just moments ago said that I was paid.

You were paid in blow cane once.

One time by Jane hoe.

Jane Doe, who in fact was a hoe.

Sure.

But I'm saying that confusion.

You could probably sell, you said you did the cocaine, so you didn't sell it for money.

I'm saying, how do you, how do you survive the cocaine?

I didn't.

I think I said it.

Are you allowed to do that?

Okay.

So do you didn't do the code?

Did you sell it for millions and millions of dollars?

I did.

I set it for bit con't.

Oh, you sold it for a Bitcoin.

That con't.

And now they're worth so much.

Is that what are you talking about?

Bit coin.

What are you saying?

Bit coin.

Bit con't.

Bit con't?

Bit con't.

I sold it for several bit con'ts.

Am I allowed to say that on this podcast?

You're the one who bought them or sold them.

Okay.

I sold some of it.

I did some of it.

Now I'm here.

Okay.

Does that make sense?

It makes the confusion.

I'll stipulate.

Look, I'll speak in your language.

The court stipulates all of everything that you've said is true.

Okay.

Why are you here?

I mean, that's rude.

That first of all is rude.

Well, I was asked to come here, but most people on earth.

Why am I here to tell people?

Please let's not, let's not get that macro on this conversation.

I'm I prefer to reduce it down even further.

Okay.

Start small, go big.

I guess what I'm trying to say is most people who come on this show, they have something they've come on to talk about.

They are looking to do something.

I came to judge you, John.

What are you trying?

Why do you want to know?

I don't want to know.

You want to know?

I don't want to know.

I think you want to know if you were a ho.

I have my own opinions on it.

Everybody.

Do you think you're a ho?

But you're not the judge.

Do you think you're the ho?

This is what I don't understand.

Why do people come to you to want to know this?

You don't want to know yourself?

I feel like I would want to know.

If you were a ho.

Do you have an opinion on yourself, Beth?

Uh, I don't think I'm a ho.

Really?

Let's get into details.

Let's start talking details.

All right, judge.

Let's turn to Beth first.

Beth.

Beth Stelling.

And then we get to one of America's greatest comedians.

John.

We'll talk to John after.

What are the criteria that you go over when you're trying to figure out if someone is a ho or not?

How many times they've come in their life?

Oh, they've come.

Meaning have an orgasm.

An O.

Yes.

Judge O. Brown.

Judge O.

Well, that's that's my, my, um, my cousin is Judge O. Brown.

Oh, really?

It sits on a bench in, uh, uh, what is the, what is Griffith Park?

Thank you.

On the other side of the, uh, continent.

Continent.

Yes.

And my, my cousin will tell you if you've had an orgasm or not.

Yes.

That's going to be hard to find people who have not had an orgasm.

Oh, I don't think so.

Usually about 13 or 13 or, uh, you know, life finds a way.

I did do a show with someone recently.

You said they've never, they've never had one.

Really?

They didn't.

And they didn't do it to them.

They've never helped themselves, though.

They said I've never had an orgasm.

So they don't masturbate.

I guess not.

Or maybe they do, but they just haven't figured out the right combination of strokes and bells and whistles.

It is.

Yes.

Bells and whistles, strokes do matter.

When it comes to orgasm and you need math, but this is not my job.

I'm here to tell you.

Why are you shouting, Judge?

Am I shouting?

Yes.

I'm, I'm shouting right now.

Loudly.

Listeners are going to have to turn this down.

Yes.

That's what you're trying to tell me?

That is exactly what I'm saying.

Huh?

What a conundrum.

It sounds so soothing to me.

Thank you.

Okay.

Thank you.

Okay.

I remember the last judges I heard talking about Utes was from my cousin, Vinny.

Wait, what's a Ute?

What is a Ute?

We're getting into the exact dialogue.

Beth and I want to know what a Ute is.

Beth, do you know what?

You don't know what a Ute is.

I don't.

Beth, let's figure out if you're a ho.

Do you mind talking about this?

How many times you've orange-gassed him?

I feel like that is so hard to know.

How old of a person are you?

Do you mind saying?

I don't mind saying I'm 34.

Okay.

All right.

So you probably...

Chances are she's a ho.

Just because of her age?

Yeah.

That would be so hard to say.

We all know how about 34.

What are the criteria that you judge someone on?

Age is more than just a number.

Sure.

So someone, the older they get, the more likely they are to be a ho.

After the age of 33, you are likely a ho.

Jesus died at 33 after that.

If he had lived any longer, he might've been a ho.

So he lived a blameless, spotless, sinless life.

And if he had lived one more year...

Mary Magdalene.

Yeah, Mary Magda-damn.

You know?

Yeah, that's true.

Did you not like that?

You didn't like that one too much.

I think I grimaced a little bit.

John, I don't mean to offend you.

Look John, you're a ho, Beth.

That's it?

She says she's 34 and she's a ho?

You have to pay me now.

Okay, yeah.

You seem as if you were a...

I don't want to, you know, give you a diagnosis here, but you seem as if you're a mentally ill person.

What was that?

I beg your pardon.

What did you start to call me?

You better not call me no woman.

Cause I'm a man.

Sure, and you have every right to consider yourself a man.

I'm turnt up is what I was...

You're very turnt up.

I did go to the doctor, Scott, before I came here.

This ain't even supposed to be about me.

This is supposed to be about whether you a ho or not.

This interview show is about the people being interviewed.

Oh, I didn't know that before I came.

And if I had known that, I still would have come.

What did the doctor say?

So you've come.

I have come.

So you're a ho.

I put it in my name.

I'm such a ho, I put it in my name.

So I'm just trying to figure out your deal because it seems to me as if you're a...

Okay, I'm sorry.

... mentally ill person who hangs out in the park every day, yelling at people.

I'm sick.

Is that what the doctor said?

Time is money.

Time is Bitcoin.

And I gots to go.

No.

I can't leave when I want to.

You can't leave.

Fine.

We're going to take a break.

No, I want you to beg me to stay.

Chase me.

We're going to take a break and either you'll be here when we come back or you won't.

Why we got to take a break?

Because it's...

Am I doing something wrong?

No, no.

I'm just saying...

John.

All right, we're going to take a break and then at some point we're going to figure out...

What is the confusion?

Am I yelling?

Yeah, we're not confused about that.

Yes, you are yelling.

But Beth says I'm not.

I can listen to it all day.

Beth, I don't know what it is about your home life that you love it.

I do.

I recoil from it.

Yeah, you keep making looks and faces at me, John.

I do.

And I apologize for that.

But look, when we come back, we're going to have an entertainer.

Are you entertained by things, Judge Ho Brown?

Could be.

Who's your favorite entertainer?

Cedric.

The only one.

Maybe it's Cedric.

I don't know.

I really don't know if Cedric the entertainer is going to be on the show when we come back.

We are going to be right back with more Beth Stelling, more Judge Ho Brown, and the entertainer who may or may not be Cedric right after this.

Comedy Bang Bang, we're back here.

Beth Stelling of the We Called Your Mom podcast, also a comedian in her own right.

And you have any specials out there?

I have a special on Netflix called The Stand Ups.

I'm at season one, episode five.

Oh, yes.

Are those the 15 minute ones that we heard a lot about?

This is a half hour.

Oh, this is a half hour.

So Max Silvestri, he's been on the show a couple of times.

He can only like drum up enough material to do a 15 minute special.

You've got him beat by by a mile, a full 15.

Yeah, doubled his material.

And what is it?

What exactly is that?

Are you on stage more?

Like, why can't he come up with more stuff?

What would you say it is?

I think it's that he hasn't led an interesting enough life.

Oh, that's true.

You got to draw you right.

What you know is what they say.

So and you've just had an interesting life.

I've known more.

And speaking of interesting lives, we don't know anything about him other than maybe three random facts, but Judge Hope Brown is with us as well.

What are the questions?

I don't like these digs.

Here's what we know about you.

These are digs.

Here's what?

Yeah.

How are you going to invite me to your show and dig me?

You sound like you went over to your friend David's house.

David Diggs.

I like that.

All right.

He likes you.

Did you see Blind Spotted?

He didn't see it.

I heard it was good, too.

It looks good.

I heard it was good.

We can talk about movies we haven't seen, but have heard are good all day.

But let's get to our next guest.

And they are an entertainer.

I don't even want to say.

Yeah, don't get misagendered.

I have no idea with this name.

They are an entertainer.

Please welcome to the show Icky Spice.

Oh, yeah.

Thank you so much.

It's me, Icky Spice.

I'm the Spice Girl you don't know about.

I love the Spice Girls growing up.

Did you?

Yes.

Do you still?

You know, I can't say I know what they've been up to lately, but I love them.

They're on a big world tour.

They're going on a big world tour.

I tell you that much.

I didn't know you were part of it.

Can I ask?

And I'm not a part of it.

Icky Spice, are you from England?

You sound like you're you sound like a person making fun of someone from England.

What are you talking about?

This is how we all talk.

Okay, I don't know.

Across the puddle.

I've only been a couple of times.

I've never heard anyone with that precise dialect.

I beg your pardon.

So what region are you from?

Were you in Manchester?

I was in Manchester.

You were?

I was.

Because everybody sounds like this in Manchester.

Not in my experience.

Well, where were you in Manchester?

Right there in the middle of the city.

So I am in a radius of quite a few miles.

All right, well, you were in the wrong spot of Manchester.

So you're from Manchester?

I'm from Manchester.

That's right.

And I used to be a part of the Spice Girls, but now I'm not.

What happened?

As I recall, the Spice Girls, when they came out, there were five of them.

And I believe there were there was Posh, there was Baby, there was Ginger, there was Sporty.

And then there was, uh, forget the black scary, scary.

He almost forgot the black one.

Scary Spice.

Why do you think they called her scary?

Because nothing about her was scary.

Well, why do you think?

I know, John.

I was gonna say, how did you get hooked up with the Spice Girls?

And why are you no longer with them?

Well, we all went to school together.

Where was that?

Uh, in Manchester.

Manchester United?

We all went to elementary school.

And we all became friends in choir class.

I didn't know that all the Spice Girls knew each other.

I thought they were all thrown together by a producer.

That's what they want you to think.

But we've been friends, friends forever.

Wow.

Yes.

Friends.

What's that song they do about best friends?

Oh, Best Friends Forever.

BFFs.

Make it last forever.

That's If You Wanna Be My Lover.

Thank you.

And I got to tell you, I actually wrote that.

You wrote If You Wanna Be My Lover.

Yeah, but- That's a huge hit.

It's a huge hit.

You must be rich as the day is long.

I didn't get any of that money.

What?

Because I wrote it- Hold on, hold on.

What?

I just, I want to register my shock and disbelief.

I didn't get any of that money, Scott.

Why?

Did you give them the wrong banking address or- No, I wrote the song, but my lyrics were a little bit too nasty.

Oh, what were the original lyrics?

So they changed them out.

I was like, If You Wanna Be My Lover, you wanna, wanna, wanna, wanna eat some rubbish?

Because I like to eat rubbish.

I like to dig through the rubbish can and I like to eat a bunch of rubbish.

Oh.

So hold on, hold on.

What?

So you, you like to eat garbage?

Yeah.

Like from the trash can?

Where else do you get garbage from?

I guess that's a good point.

If it's not in a trash can, is it rubbish?

Like if it's just sitting on someone's counter, is it rubbish yet?

Or does it need to literally be transported to a, to a, a can?

I prefer it to be in a can.

A bin, a bin, as you say.

In a bin.

Thank you.

I didn't know what you were talking about for a second there.

I'm like, what, what's a fucking can?

A can is, uh, in England, a can is the toilet.

But I would eat stuff out of the toilet.

I've never heard an Englishman say like, I gotta go hit the can.

You've never heard that?

Where did you go in Manchester?

I was right there in the middle.

I traveled immediately to the center and then I just expanded outwards.

Yup.

Okay.

I thought it was going to be a euphemism for sex, but you mean literal garbage.

Literal garbage.

Wait, you meant, you thought me, you think rubbish.

Beth thought that you were talking about eating, I don't know.

Cause you're a hoe.

Like asshole.

I would like to appeal my own judgment.

I would like to appeal.

You're appealing.

And then repeal.

A stinky banana peel.

See, cause I'll eat that.

Icky, icky spice is not a hoe.

Icky's eyes lit up when you said appeal.

Icky spice, you just nasty.

What?

And that's not my place to judge.

So you're going to have to go see a different judge for that.

The judge's ruling right now is that you're not a hoe, you're nasty.

I'm just nasty.

So you eat, what do you like about eating garbage?

I want to be a hoe.

I would love to be a hoe.

Have you ever had any sort of sexual intercourse?

Oh yeah, baby.

Now you sound like Austin Powers.

You guys don't know who Austin Powers is in Manchester?

I've also never heard of Austin Powers.

You, you sound crazy Scott.

Wait, am I the problem?

I have had, I have had sex before.

A lot of it.

Really?

With whom?

With what?

With everything.

My first time was with a possum.

No, Shane, no.

That is not a hoe.

What?

Did you owe?

That's going to help me determine.

Did you owe?

Did I owe the possum?

Oh, did you have an orgasm?

Did you owe?

Oh, I, I came everywhere.

Oh my.

I came all over that possum.

So I don't want to ask no more questions.

No further questions from you judge?

No further questions.

Unfortunately, I still have some to come out.

Icky.

Yeah.

Looking good.

Oh, thank you.

What is your, what is your, what's your background?

What's your real name?

What's uh.

My real name is Shunt.

Shunt?

Just one, one name.

Shunt.

Are you saying shouldn't or?

Shunt.

Like uh, no shunt.

Like um, let's just say um, a shirt that's burnt.

A shunt.

Shunt.

Is that English?

Uh.

It's a beautiful name.

Yes, it's from my parents.

Shunt.

They gave it to me.

Standard baby naming procedure.

Yes.

The parents are usually the ones who do it.

Right, right.

Sometimes the state will if the parents are not.

Sure, of course.

Yeah.

Everybody does it.

Does the queen still get to name three babies a year?

Yes, she does.

She does.

And I've tried to get all of my babies named by her.

How many babies have you had?

I've had 12.

12 babies.

12 babies and none of them have names because I was hoping.

So what does your pussy look like?

It is wild.

Have you seen the bottom of the ocean?

I've never traveled all the way down.

Well, I guess I have because I've been to the beach in ankle deep water and I've seen the bottom of that.

So yeah.

It looks a little bit like that.

Show us.

Seaweed all over.

Show us.

Show us what didn't happen.

Alright, I'm gonna lift my skirt.

I don't want to see that.

I'm gonna lift my skirt.

Because the listener.

John, John, John, John, remember when you ask how she knew that she was her mother's child?

Sure.

You wanted proof.

Sure.

Profits in a pudding.

Okay.

But it is also in the pussy.

I'm gonna lift my giant skirt.

Are you ready to see it?

I want the proof.

Are you ready to see my pudding?

Yes.

Are you ready?

Are you ready to see my pudding?

Here we go.

Please.

I'm turning my back to this.

I don't want to see any.

Look at it.

Scott, look at it.

You're turning my head toward it.

I don't want to.

Look at it.

Put his head inside.

It's putting my head right next to it.

I don't want open your eyes.

Open your eyes.

Oh, God.

When you stare into the abyss, the abyss stares back.

Yeah, it does.

Yeah.

Oh, I see your future.

Why does it smell like garbage?

Oh, God.

You got it out.

Oh, no.

You have a white streak from trauma in your hair.

I'm sorry.

Oh, my goodness.

A couple of silverfish.

It smells like garbage.

Silverfish.

Yes.

I didn't know that's what they were called.

I thought that was called them tickles.

You thought silverfish were come?

Yeah, that's what I've been coming all these years.

Your vagina is so grotesque and dirty that when silverfish came out of it, you assumed that it was come.

I don't know.

That's not, you know, that's how I've always been living.

I don't know.

How how did you grow up?

Like, who are your parents?

They gave you this wonderful name.

My parents were.

Shunt.

They gave me a beautiful name called Shunt.

And, uh, well, my my my parents, I don't really know my dad that well, but my mom.

I'm so sorry.

When did he pass away?

Not recently, I hope.

There's a whole city underneath Manchester where they put a lot of plague victims in the fort.

You're kidding, really?

Like Old Seattle?

Just like Old Seattle.

Oh, my God.

And that's where I lived in the tunnels.

In the tunnels, like a rat in the sewer.

And then you grew up.

And how did you get involved in show business?

You went to the same school?

Yeah, you were.

I still went to school even though you would scurry back down into the sewers.

I would scurry back down into the sewers.

Tail between your legs.

I do have a tail.

You do have a vestigial tail.

I'm gonna lift up my skirt now.

I've seen everything else.

Why not?

Did you see my tail?

Yeah, why not?

Oh, she's got my tail.

Look at it.

That's way longer than I thought.

That is a tail.

Most people get those cut off when they're babies, but yours is just grown.

Oh, yeah.

No, mine's such a broad.

Were you born in a hospital?

I was not.

I was born in the tunnels, but there's a little hospital in the tunnels run by rats.

Run by rats.

I got a question for you, ikit.

Ikit.

Yes.

Sure.

Okay, Judge.

Formulate your question before you say you have a question.

You are insensitive, John, because I've been diagnosed with turnt up.

So the doctor, when you were there yesterday, said you have turnt up disease.

Well, I'm sorry.

I'm sorry.

And you are insensitive because one of the worst things you can say to somebody with turnt up is say formulate a question.

That's one of the worst things that you could call me a hoe, a bitch, a slut, and a cunt.

But if you tell me to formulate my questions.

All right.

Do you have your question though?

Come back to me.

Are you in touch with any of the Spice Girls now?

Do you get a message to posture?

Right.

I mean, I'm not really allowed to go near them, but I'm going to sneak into all their shows on this world tour.

You are.

I am.

And I'm going to bum rush the stage.

Where are your 12 kids?

Because you got 12 kids.

I do.

So where they going to be while you bum rushing stages?

In the tunnels below Manchester.

Are your kids half possums?

What?

Okay.

Don't say what to stall.

Are your kids half possums?

Let's just say they might have whiskers.

They might have those funny, cute little ears.

You already have a tail.

I here's here's my theory.

All right.

I think that icky spice over here is a possum.

So you think that icky spice over here?

Stop yelling because I'm trying to be secretive about this.

Whisper it.

You're not whispering.

This is whispering to you?

Get back to you.

You whisper to me.

I whisper to you.

Am I yelling?

I think that icky spice is a possum who's come to come to life.

I think that icky spice is maybe even like a hybrid half human, half possum.

I agree with you, John.

I agree.

So we don't agree with you, John.

The tail had no fur on it.

Keep it cool.

This is me whispering.

I will say I don't know what you guys are whispering about, but when I have my 12 kids, they all came out at the same time.

Would you, when I say the word litter, your eyes lit up because obviously like it's something to eat.

But is that what you would describe your children as as well?

Well, I guess so.

Two things I love.

Litter and trash and my children.

Yes.

Are those your main loves?

Trash and your children?

Those are my two main loves.

Who were your parents?

My parents.

Yes.

They were, one was a mad scientist.

Mad like angry or no, like just played God.

Which one was it?

Your whole dad or your whole mom?

Are they o's?

Well, your dad, it was a ho.

Does it run in the family then?

You wish it did.

Don't worry.

I want to be a ho so bad.

You have so many problems.

I want to be a ho.

So who was the mad scientist?

Your father or your mother?

My father was.

And then I'm pretty sure, well, rumor has it because I don't really know him.

Yeah.

But apparently he was, he was a body snatcher and he was trying to waste trainers to work out body snatches.

His body was snatched.

Like he's got a hot body.

Was snatched.

His body was, he was ripped.

Oh yeah.

He was, he was ripped.

Thank you.

He was ripped.

But he would also snatch bodies from the grave.

And then I guess he apparently was trying to reanimate.

A possum.

Was this a pet cemetery?

Uh, maybe.

Who's your mother?

My mother was one of his experiments.

So, uh, fell in love with one of his experiments.

I don't know if I would call it love.

I think he was just like, next, I, what would happen if I fucked this thing?

I created a corpse or that every scientist gets to that point.

I mean, Marie Curie with penicillin.

She's like, I got, I got to fuck this machine.

I got to imagine that scientists have fucked the test too.

Yeah.

Scientists have to have fucked test tubes.

When you think about it, there's the perfect shape for it.

I'm more than a glass dildo.

You're in the lab all day.

High risk, high reward.

Yeah, that's true.

Cause if that tube breaks off.

Oh, that tube will break off.

If you can't kegel too hard, you're going to break off a test tube.

I did that with a broken street lamp that was in the dump.

I decided to fuck it and it broke off into my pussy.

No other dicks can go in there now or dick shapes or.

You see, you saw that pussy.

Nothing else could go in baguette.

Scott's whole head wet in her pussy.

A dick ain't going in there.

Your hair is still, it's still Maddie.

And it's soaked.

Can I, so when you went to school with these people, were you an actual student or were you crawling around in the corner the entire time?

In the corner, I put in the, in the vents a lot, but I learned a lot.

You did.

And then I'd come out to play during recess.

Sure.

And I found the Spice Girls.

And the Spice Girls would pet you and play with you.

Yeah, they would feed me around, yeah, around you.

I don't want to rock your world or cause any sort of mental break.

I don't know what could possibly do that to me.

I have a feeling that maybe you were never in the Spice Girls.

You just thought you were.

Can I ask a question?

When did you learn the power of speech?

I know you're, you're rocked by that accusation.

Yeah, we never thought of the Spice Girls.

When did you learn to speak?

Were you able to speak to the Spice Girls?

English.

I have to say, you don't sound like you're from Manchester.

You sound like you're someone who just learned how to speak yesterday.

Are you really?

You think that?

Shunt.

You think that?

Shunt.

You think I can learn how to speak yesterday?

Shunt.

Yes, I think that.

Shunt.

How do you spell your name?

Shunt?

Yeah.

Hmm.

Because you don't even know how to spell, it seems.

What's wrong with that?

A lot of people are bad at spelling.

I think Shunt is just like a noise that your possum mother made when she was giving birth to you and the rest of your litter.

Shunt.

Yeah, that's what she sounded like every time.

We would have fun.

So all your siblings name Shunt?

What?

Then is all your siblings name Shunt?

Someone name Shunt.

Someone.

Oh, okay.

Look, we need to take a break.

Do we have to?

We do, unfortunately, yes.

Wow.

I know we're just getting into it with Icky Spice, but we have to take a break.

When we come back, we're going to have more best selling.

And Judge Ho Brown may or may not be here with us.

And Icky Spice will be with us.

Yeah.

Please come back to Comedy Bang Bang.

We'll be right back after this.

Comedy Bang Bang, we are back here.

Beth Stelling, who's putting something on her hands currently.

Purell.

All right, very good.

Ain't gonna keep you from being a hoe.

You still a hoe.

You can use all the hand sanitizer you want.

Still a hoe.

I shook Icky's hand.

You're going to have to get tested for some stuff.

All right, guys.

Well, we're we have to go.

No, no, we don't have to go because we have this is exciting.

We have one of our favorite features on the show.

It's time to play a little something called Would You Rather?

Yes, yes, yes.

Finally some good questions.

All right.

It's time to play Would You Rather?

We all know how this is played.

What's that?

The horns.

These are great horns.

You're you're into horns?

I'm into them.

You like ska music?

No.

Then you're not a true horn of fishing.

No.

Okay.

I had mud.

I like mud too.

I like to eat mud.

You eat mud as well?

You're a slut.

Don't talk to me.

Wait, so I'm a slut, but not a hoe?

What's the difference?

I want to be a hoe.

First I know Iggy Spice was just fucked once by a random possum.

Had 12 children.

I feel bad for you in a way.

You're a freakish experiment gone awry.

Yeah.

From a mad scientist who should not have been playing God and presuming to know the secrets of the universe.

Where is he now?

Yeah.

And he just left you and your possum mother just to die in the sewers?

I guess so.

We all know how to play Would You Rather.

Of course, people send us Would You Rather scenarios to our Twitter at CBBWYR.

Comedy bang bang.

Would you rather?

I'll read them out loud.

I will open up the floor for questions.

Please don't ask questions before I open the floor.

It's rude.

And more than that, it's just not allowed.

Beth, you're making a I'm zipping my lip, throwing away the key motion.

Good.

But once I open the floor, please find that key, retrieve it from wherever you threw it.

Unzip those lips and then feel free to ask as many questions.

OK, so for clarity's sake, we are not to ask questions.

Until the floor is open.

Once the floor is open, please ask whatever questions you like.

You will say the floor is open.

I will say the floor is open.

Maybe not in those words, but I'll approximate them.

OK, OK, OK.

So we should know that.

We'll know.

You'll know.

If it's not clear at any point, please ask me if the floor is open.

OK, but that is a question.

Yeah.

So we are allowed to ask a few.

This is dicey territory.

I think don't ask any questions.

Just you'll know.

When you say dice, are you talking about actual dice or you talk about?

I will not have any actual dice.

Or sugar cubes.

No, I it's merely an adjective describing something that's risky.

OK.

Yeah.

So and this is a game.

This is a game.

Yes, because I will close the floor.

You'll know when that happens.

Definitely.

I'll close.

Because you're going to say the floor is closed.

There will be no warning either.

To that effect.

So I will close the floor.

Would you clap when you close it and then will you clap when you open it again?

I will not be opening it again.

Oh.

So I'll open it once.

Oh, OK.

I could clap then.

Do you want me to clap at the when I open it first?

This is a fun addition to the game.

How will we know that it's closed?

I'll clap again.

Do you want me to clap once when I open?

Is it starting?

Is the door?

Eight times when I close?

Sure, but is the floor starting to open or is the floor starting to close?

So I know which each clap.

Starting closing.

I'll clap eight times right now.

So you know, it's closed.

Great.

So we all know that the floor is we all know it's closed.

I'll clap once when it's open, eight times when it's closed.

At that point, please don't ask any more questions.

Then we'll all register our choices.

We'll tally up the points and everyone can go home.

One of you at least will go home a winner.

How's that sound?

All right, here we go.

This comes to us from Chris at Green Wild Monkey.

Chris asks, would you rather shoot lasers from your eyes, but they are the kind of lasers used in LASIK eye surgery or jump super high, but nobody is ever impressed and just thinks that you're showing off, even if it's to help them to get their cat out of a tree, would you rather shoot lasers from your eyes, but they're the kind of lasers used in LASIK eye surgery or jump super high, but nobody's ever impressed and thinks you're just showing off, even if you're doing something helpful like getting their cat out of a tree.

Yes?

Are you going to clap?

Is it open?

I didn't clap, so what do you think?

Shoot.

I got so many questions.

Okay.

So we're just supposed to...

Okay.

Think.

We think?

We're just thinking.

Oh.

Oh, we're thinking it over.

Okay.

I thought he was winding up for a clap, but he wasn't.

Oh, if you shoot lasers, like a laser, like LASIK, is your only power you could is like botch people's vision or help them and then you can turn into a business.

That's not your only power.

No, you can make a lot of money.

Does it cut through stuff?

This laser?

I don't even know what the lasers do.

Oh no, that's the only power that you have regarding your lasers.

Oh, okay.

But you also have the power of flight, time travel.

When you have lasers.

Interdimensional.

No, this isn't...

This is not lasers.

You asked me about your other powers.

These are not related to lasers.

John, are you getting mad?

You sound mad.

Bro, are you mad?

I don't get mad.

You get back.

I get even.

Yeah.

So yeah.

That's the only laser related power that you have.

You have the ability to fix people's visions.

Okay.

Now, okay.

My mouth touched the edge of that a little bit.

Oh, you know some mouths been on it.

People have cold sores, Beth.

People be having cold sores.

You got an alcohol swab.

You guys had so much time to think of your questions.

I know.

And now only Icky Spice has asked.

I actually know my answer though.

Oh, okay.

They got me my answer.

You guys have...

I tell you, you've figured out your answers way too early.

I have a question.

Yeah.

What kind of lasers work?

I don't know how to lasers and lace it.

Yeah.

The question.

Are you just asking me how Lasik works?

Yeah.

Because I'm not a doctor.

I don't know this stuff.

I know you're not a doctor.

You're a hoe.

Yeah.

They hurt if they put you, if you, if you looked at somebody you love and looked at their penis and then zap it off.

Zap it.

Zap that penis.

What do you think?

What?

Beth.

What do you think would happen if you went into a doctor who gives Lasik surgery, you paid for the surgery.

And I said, can we do one more?

You sat down in the chair.

They were just about to flip on the switch.

And instead, and this is presuming you're a man.

Yeah.

You jumped up onto the chair, pulled down your pants and have the laser point at your penis instead.

What do you think?

What do you think would happen?

Circumcision.

You think it would circumcise the penis?

I do.

So why don't they use it for circumcision then?

They should.

Like a moil.

Because they're using the knife because the penis is tiny enough for a knife.

But when it's bigger, you want to use a laser on it when it's man-sized?

Yeah.

So I should get circumcised.

I know.

I think the laser would just like bounce off the penis and go shooting around the room.

Really?

Yeah.

That's a hard cock.

Right?

The density of it has anything to do with the fact that I don't think the laser itself.

You hopped up on that chair at the doctor's office.

He was hard.

It's not like a James Bond laser where it's like slicing someone out.

Like a LASIK laser.

If something was that powerful to slice a penis off, you wouldn't want it to go anywhere near your eyes.

Okay.

It does cut your eye, right?

It shaves off part of your eye.

Yes.

So maybe it shaves off some sensitivity.

If it's going to shave off just the tip, it would stop a lot of sex.

Do you think that should be the tagline to these LASIK eye surgery offices?

Just the tip?

Just the tip.

I promise just the tip.

I promise.

Look, we're going to fix your eyes, but just the tip.

Just the tip.

I know my answer.

That's why I know my answer.

The floor is still, I haven't clapped eight times.

Okay.

So we got to ask them real quick.

So how high is that big jump?

And how low can you go?

Two part question.

One part answer.

12 feet.

Whoa.

All right.

Right.

I don't care what people think.

I love that.

Great.

Don't vote yet.

You haven't asked questions by the way.

Okay.

But why do we have to ask questions if we know?

When people ask to help, when people ask, that's a great Christian.

That is a great Christian.

Did you say that's a great Christian?

She's a great Christian.

Yes.

You are a great Christian.

Listen.

So I'm listening.

I'm all ears.

Scott, you are screaming at me and I'm scared for my life right now.

I'm about to pull a gun.

You brought a weapon into the studio as well.

Wait, why didn't you bring that up in the first segment?

It was just to get you hyped.

Okay.

All right.

Your question.

My question.

When somebody asks for help, like my cat is stuck in a tree.

Can you, do you have the option to then help?

Oh yeah.

Okay.

Plus you have, they don't say thank you.

They don't give a shit.

They don't like it.

No, they're not impressed.

And they think you're just showing off, but you have even up.

So that's just a reflection of them.

That is.

Yeah.

But I mean, they're, they're appreciative of the fact that you've cured cancer and, uh, you know, you are a movie star and you've won several Oscars.

Like they all like that stuff about you, but the jumping there, they're not really, they're not, they're not into that.

Yeah.

Okay.

Uh, here, sir.

Okay.

Jump.

Could, uh, hmm.

Could, hmm.

Could you use it?

Oh, please, please formulate your question.

Shoes or no shoes.

In which scenario?

When you're jumping, can you do it with shoes and without shoes?

You, uh, have to, you have to wear shoes when you're jumping because the force of you coming back down to earth, which shatter your heels.

Yeah, exactly.

Can you use it to win the Olympics?

Yes.

And you have won the Olympics, but everyone thinks you're showing off at the time.

So they're not impressed with that.

They love the fact that you cured cancer and AIDS and that you're a movie star and that you're a movie star.

Right.

I'm just saying in this scenario, you are, this is why you ask questions.

Hold on.

See plots twisted.

If we choose the jump one, we get, yeah.

And you've cured cancer and AIDS and yeah.

And you've won Oscars and you.

That's the one.

Yeah.

That's the one.

He said that floor with the, this is why you ask questions.

I mean, I have more questions.

Yeah.

Is there a trajectory to the jump beyond just up?

Could you also go a distance that is on an X axis along?

So you're saying, can you jump horizontally?

So that maybe I could jump from central park to Griffith park.

Would I be able to jump?

Why?

Because you want to see judge O'Brien on my cousin.

Yeah.

You're here in town.

No, no, I don't know.

Does anything happen to your body when you just like, do you jump and then you land and you shit your pants or something?

Yeah.

Oh yeah.

You had just massive, like explosive diarrhea.

I think it's every time you jump in diarrhea.

Yeah.

And you're, I would do that in the morning.

And you're forced to jump out.

You're forced to jump 50 times a day.

Otherwise your legs will be good.

It's good exercise.

Cause I have irritable bowel syndrome.

So maybe it's good for you.

If you're all stopped up to get the jumps, get my hops in and get the bowels moving.

Right.

Yeah, exactly.

I would, I would, I would not like to move it.

You seem like you don't like this scenario anymore.

I really don't like this is why you asked questions.

This is why you asked questions anymore.

Okay.

But he didn't close the downsides of the lasers.

Just generally.

I can't list everything.

You got to ask questions to get more specific.

Yeah.

What's the worst thing that's happened because of the lasers in the eyes.

Yeah.

That's good.

Well, I guess the fact that you don't know how, you know, the strength of them and that you, you know, killed your parents.

Oh no.

With them.

Okay.

But Scott, you are making this too easy.

What?

You like the explosive diarrhea?

Yeah.

Because of the parents?

I'm constipated.

Really?

Right now?

Always.

I'm backed up like a U-Haul trap.

I mean, look, if you were to do something in the corner, I'm not sure what Icky spice would do, whether she would root around in it.

I love the smell of shit.

Icky, Icky spice.

Do you want to eat my ass?

I would love to eat your ass.

Maybe you can eat the poop out my ass.

Is your favorite dessert a dirty diaper?

A dirty dipey?

Sea salt?

Want some sea salt?

All right.

The floor is closed.

All right.

The floor is closed.

Okay.

All right.

Okay.

All right.

Let's go through a lot of interesting details came out there, but hopefully it helps you narrow down your choice.

Let's go to Beth Stelling first.

Beth, one of America's great comedians.

Hopefully you have enough information.

Where do you, where do you fall on this?

I would rather have the jump ability.

You'd rather shoot your pants 50 times a day.

Yes.

Explosive diarrhea everywhere.

And everyone sees it because you're, you can't jump in the house because.

Here's the other thing though.

You ruin your house.

Yes.

You said explosive diarrhea every time.

We didn't ask this question, but I'm just going to go ahead and assume.

Uh oh.

You don't have unlimited diarrhea.

It will lessen each time.

You have unlimited diarrhea.

It strengthens each time.

So by the end, by the end of the day, everyone around you is just covered in it.

Yes.

But you like this because you chose it.

Okay.

Interesting.

I like that.

All right.

Let's go to a judge.

Ho Brown.

I'm jumping.

You're jumping.

Judge.

Ho Brown is jump.

Give me the hops.

You just want to get it out.

Give me the hops.

I need to get it out.

I would love to get, can you make this happen for me now?

I'll see what I can do.

I don't care.

I'll see what I can do.

I can get it out of you.

Eat my ass.

I'll eat your ass.

No, eat my ass.

I'm gonna eat it.

I don't want to jump somewhere.

She eating my ass.

Okay.

So you're not picking the jumps.

All right.

So Iggy, so you're choosing icky spice to eat your ass.

Yeah, that's what I would do it 50 times a day if you want.

Yeah.

Great.

All right.

And icky spice.

How are you?

I'm picking the jump.

You're picking the jumps.

I'm picking the jumps.

I want to jump movie star.

I want to shit my pants a bunch because I already do.

What's most attractive to you?

The movie star aspect or the shitting your pants all the time?

The shitting.

Well, that's just typical for you.

What's your movie star name going to be icky spice or shirt?

Shirt spice.

Like Cher.

She won an Oscar.

Shirt just like Cher.

All right.

Or Rihanna.

There's who?

Rihanna.

Riri.

It's an interesting facet of your whole thing that you don't know who Rihanna is.

Because she does do music.

Wonder why you don't know her.

Why?

Because I live on the ground.

All right.

Look, let's tally up the points.

We have two votes for jumping.

We have Beth and icky spice voted for jumping and judge Hill Brown voted for icky spice.

Eating her ass.

His ass.

Sorry.

John, how does it feel to be called John?

Do you see the lesson I'm trying to teach you?

Yes, I see the lesson.

I beg your pardon.

It's just those giant.

John, what's your middle name?

Don't make it up.

You stalling want to make some shit up.

David.

Yes.

John David Jingle Hammersmith.

That's my name too.

All right.

So let me tell you the points.

Beth and icky.

You get one point for.

Yes.

The jump.

And don't forget, I'm getting my ass in 50 times.

So 50 times a day.

So you get one point for each of those times that you get your ass eaten.

So you have 50 points.

I'm going to make you sit up in a tree and I'll jump up and start eating your ass.

Okay.

So we'll kill two birds with one stone.

What's the other bird that you're killing?

My jumping.

Oh, you're jumping.

Okay, great.

My jumping.

Looks like judge Hill Brown.

You're our winner with 50 points.

Thank you.

That's how we play.

Would you rather?

I would like to thank the Academy.

Can I thank the Academy?

Please do you all this entire theme song?

You have the length of it and y'all gonna cut me off for commercial.

Cut you off.

Although this.

Yeah, please.

Okay.

Scott and the Academy.

Thank you for recognizing my ability to choose my body.

You already know the rest.

You know the rest tread lightly though.

Oh, this is a long song.

You have to fill the entire thing.

This is a long song that reminded me of a song called the song.

Cisco.

You know, Cisco.

I saw him at the Atlanta airport.

Oh, really?

Thank you to you.

Just at the shake.

Yeah, he was performing.

He's still Cisco Cisco.

I actually recently saw Cisco at Long Beach.

I saw him perform two summers ago.

I drove all the way out to Long Beach to see Cisco.

How many songs?

Several songs.

He did song, but he was there with his group.

Drew Hill.

He did Drew Hill songs.

I mean, totally honest.

I really went to see Drew Hill.

Cisco happens to be a member.

Sure.

They have some great jams.

They had jams.

Monica and Brandy were there as well.

Oh, okay.

Bobby Brown was also there.

I heard I missed out because I left before he could perform.

It seems he was not well.

Oh, I'm so sorry.

Yeah, well, I have no relation.

Oh, oh, me because your last name is Brown.

Yeah.

Oh, well, maybe we are related.

Well, that would be an interesting thing that you should have brought up way earlier person whose last name is Brown for clarity.

What about Judge Joe Brown?

He's a motherfucker.

Really?

He is a motherfucker.

You know him?

He fucked my mother.

Wait, so you're, are you his child?

No.

He fucked my mother.

Okay.

That doesn't always result in sex.

So yeah, he just fucked it.

Wasn't in what?

In what?

You said in something.

You know where he did it.

I don't.

There's maybe three places that he could have done it.

It wasn't the baby maker.

Oh no, it was the trash hole.

I'm sorry, Icky, to get you all excited.

I don't like him.

You're like bring him up around me and please don't talk about my turnt up.

I beg your pardon.

I don't mean to bring up Judge Joe Brown.

Or my turnt up.

You mean to bring that up.

I did.

I beg your pardon.

Well guys, we're running out of time.

We only have one last.

Why?

We have to wrap it up.

We only have one last feature on the show.

That's a little something called plugs.

Butt plugs.

Yes.

All made of plugs.

Plug, plug, plug, plug, plug.

I've seen it.

Word of word.

Shaved to the low ear.

Oh my gosh.

OK.

Too many plugs.

That was a long one.

You were right though about what kind of plugs.

Butt plugs.

Those wasn't no regular plugs.

That was thanks for that.

That was it's plugs all the way down by Cosine.

Thanks to Cosine for that.

Yeah.

Wow.

The listeners.

They submit.

Thanks for listening to as a regular listener.

You would know that.

200 and then out.

Beth, what are we plugging?

What do we got here?

Obviously you have, we called your mom the podcast and you have some dates in Montreal.

Sounds like July 22nd through 27th.

Sure.

Adjust for laughs.

Anything, any other dates anywhere in the world?

Gosh, yes.

I've got some like, I've got Toronto, some tour dates with Sarah Silverman, the 18th, 19th and 20th of July.

Wow.

Where's that?

Bethlehem, PA, Pier 17 in New York City and Atlantic City.

Ooh, la, la.

These are great dates.

What a night.

Fort Wayne, Indiana and Indianapolis and Milwaukee.

Wow.

What a night at the theater.

No better night at the theater than to go see Beth Stelling.

Find me on the Instagram, Beth Stelling.

And then from there you can just link to my.

Sure.

You can figure it all out from there.

Judge Hill Brown, what do you want to plug?

I would like to plug the fact that you are in fact a hoe.

Okay.

So you determined that already.

I'm above 34.

That's my first plug.

Second plug is in fact a butt plug.

Third plug.

The hurt plug is you should follow this little hoe on Instagram.

And who's this hoe?

I don't know her name, but I know her usernames.

What is her username?

On Instagram.

It's E G G Y B O O M.

Okay.

Eggy Boom on Instagram.

On some Instagram thought.

She's a thought.

She is a thought.

She's always just, she's a hoe.

She's just hoeing up on Instagram.

I fucked her.

Really?

Yeah, I fucked her, but I didn't mean to drop that bomb.

She a hoe.

You see her?

Okay.

Next up.

Next on the list.

So to recap, we have the I'm a hoe.

Okay.

Then a butt plug and then follow Eggy Boom on Instagram.

And follow that same girl on Twitter.

But the username is a little different.

Little bit different.

Am I yelling?

Yes.

Okay.

Eggy underscore boom.

Okay.

For an occasional thought from the thought.

You understand?

Deep thoughts.

You understand?

With Jack Handy.

Yes.

Oh, is that a podcast?

No.

A radio show?

It's on this show called Saturday Night Live.

It was a big part of it.

Oh, never heard of that show.

I don't know what that is.

What can I watch it?

I don't even know.

I think the clues are in the title there.

Okay.

So not when I know it's Saturday night.

Right.

It just wear on a TV.

Oh, and then what is it the same way?

I watched the porn tapes.

Yeah.

If you're watching porn, that's probably it.

Eggy Spice, what are you plugging?

Oh, actually, there's a really great new podcast that had just come out called We Love Trash.

Oh, wow.

That sounds like it's right up your alley.

It's perfect.

Hosted by Mano, Gabby and Betsy Sedaro.

Okay.

It's on Patreon.

Go check it out.

That's kind of it.

All right.

I want to plug.

Hey, Comedy Bang Bang.

We have some tour dates coming up.

We have we're going out there near you and trying to see everybody.

Let's see.

We have August 21st, Medford, Massachusetts, August 22nd, Providence, Rhode Island, August 23rd, New Haven, Connecticut.

Then we have September 5th, Kansas City, Missouri, and September 6th, St. Paul, Minnesota.

We're going to be out there.

It's me, Lauren Lapkus and Paul F.

Tompkins.

We're out coming there to you.

So all the tickets can be found wherever tickets are sold for those kind of things.

But you can look at my Twitter for all the links on that.

So we'll be coming out there.

And then the Between Two Ferns movie September 20th coming out.

Check it out.

All right.

Let's close up the old plug bag.

Get set to rise and open up that bag.

Close your eyes and open up that bag.

You gotta get those eyes closed.

Get up, get up, open up that bag.

Get up, get up, get up.

Don't be closing, don't be closing.

Open up and let's get loaded.

Let's get loaded.

Open up that bag.

Oh, so good to have it back.

Guys, I want to thank you so much, Beth.

It's always good to see you and thanks for doing the show for the first time.

I appreciate it.

I'm honored to be here.

And I will say the same of the rest of you.

Icky Spice.

Thank you.

Great to have you on the show for the first time.

And I feel sorry for your I guess your whole situation.

But you seem to be loving it.

You have such an optimistic outlook.

I was having a blast until I came here and then learned I was half possum.

I can't believe this is the first time it ever occurred to you, but you've got a great tale.

You do.

Thank you.

And Judge Ho Brown, always great to see you.

Great to see you, Scott.

I will be back.

OK, we'll see.

I'm coming back.

Let's handicap this.

Don't shake those titties at me.

I'll squirt milk right at your face right now.

They do have milk.

Oh, they do.

I knew it.

They do have milk.

Can I have some?

You guys are squirting milk at each other right now.

It's a milk party.

I hope you're not lactose intolerant.

All right, we'll see you next time.

Thanks.

Bye.
