♪ Comedy Bang Bang by Rowlan ♪ There's no way to sugarcoat this. This candy I made is terrible.

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

And thank you to Doggy Doggy Dare, who boy, for this catchphrase submission.

And welcome to Comedy Bang Bang for another week.

And what a week it is.

A little later, we'll have a cameraman on the show, someone who operates a camera, as well as a bee advocate.

And I also want to say that it's a very important week, because today at 12 o'clock a.m.

marks the end of the fucking dads and grad season.

Thank God. Jesus.

Our guest, I'll introduce you in a second.

Were you just I mean, you're a father.

Were you just the tyranny of these dads and grads?

I mean, you participated, I would one would assume.

Yeah, my daughter graduated from kindergarten a year early, by the way.

So she she started.

And then the day she started, they're like, get out of here.

We put her in when she was three.

Oh, OK. Right.

Oh, so she took two complete years to finish.

Yes, she graduated early.

We're not like we're not burdening her with like identifying with an age.

Oh, OK. So but you you are a father as well.

I mean, were you honored?

Were you given honorifics the entire month?

We had the just the day. Yeah, you did just the day.

Yeah, just some Sunday.

We went to the baseball game.

Why are you dads trying to take over the entire month?

I'm not trying to take over any.

All I hear about June dads and grads, grads.

I get it because they stagger these graduation ceremonies.

Although I think that they should do it like Father's Day and have it one day a year in a giant stadium the size of like Austin, Texas or whatever.

Every grad comes a stadium the size of Austin, Texas.

Every grad comes to it.

Be Austin, Texas.

Now it's then you have to just pave over it.

Yeah, just move. Yeah, that's easy.

Move it. Move it.

An unbelievably huge, impossibly impossible architecturally or structurally to exist a stadium the size of a town.

Look, I get it that you're I get it.

You're a dad and you you love that it all happens to you in June.

But I'm talking practical solutions here.

And you're suggesting we we congregate all the fathers in the country into one giant stadium?

No, Tim. I'm lost.

I'm saying that all the grads.

OK, should be there on the field in the middle of Austin, Texas.

And all the moms and dads should be in the stands.

There you go. That sounds like a great plan.

I'm not going to argue about that.

I hope you are in position. OK.

We'll introduce you in a second.

But yeah, dads and grads, cut the shit.

You are done. Dunzo, 11 months free of you.

And and I expect you.

I don't want to hear anything out of you for the next 11 months.

OK. All right. That's all.

You only identified me as a father, not as any other.

No, I want to hear from you as a comedian and as a good look.

Also, as a musician.

We'll talk about that in a second.

Welcome to the show. This is Comedy Bang Bang.

I'm Scott Aukerman and welcome to the show.

And we have a very special guest.

I've been talking to him a little bit and you've heard his dulcet tones.

He has been on the show so many times before and one of our favorites.

And a good man, a good friend.

I won't talk about him as a father because that day is done.

But he has a new album out called What the Broken Hearted Do, Ellipsis.

Please welcome to the show, back to the show, Tim Heidecker.

Coming out of retirement.

Yeah. Have you been retired?

Well, I believe the last appearance on this show, I announced my retirement.

You did. And I took you seriously.

Why would you retire? I don't remember the episode in question.

It was a just a gag, a ploy, something to begin to create a conversation about. Sure.

Yeah. Controversy.

A lot of people fake retire all the time.

Frank Sinatra did it. Farewell tours.

You know, Kiss farewell tours.

I mean, LCD sound system. They made a killing on it.

So this is the big comeback. Yeah. Great. OK, welcome back.

I don't want any I don't want a lot of expectations or anything.

I don't have a lot planned or anything.

You are the LCD sound system of comedy.

And you kiss maybe you are the LCD system at comedy of music.

Fair enough. Mm hmm.

The Eagles did it. The Fleetwood Mac did it. Sure.

The Fleetwood Mac. The Fleetwood Mac.

Are they and are they officially done? Are you a big Mac head?

We all know that you're a big note fan.

You like all the notes.

That's in music. All the chords and all the keys, all the key changes.

I'm fascinated by what's happening with Fleetwood Mac.

You know, have you been following this with the departure of Lindsey Buckingham?

Of course, and Neil Finn, one of my favorites stepping in.

Have you seen them this new iteration?

I saw them on the what I believe it was the Ellen show.

Yeah.

But I did not see the actual. Did you go to the concert? No, I know.

And I just wonder my my kind of the thing that interests me is.

And this is this is your brain, by the way.

This is just me. You are a little, I think, outside the box.

But and the bun, if you were, let's say, living in Cleveland, living in God help wherever. Sure. And in the 2014, you go and see Fleetwood Mac with Lindsey Buckingham. Sure.

The the Buckman.

And you put down what five, probably five hundred bucks, five bills, five bills, T-shirt. You get some food, probably like one or two hot dogs.

Babysitter. Yeah, babysitter.

And we all know how expensive those are.

And then you come back and then Fleetwood Mac comes back through town and you're like, let me go without Lindsey with Mac again with Neil Finn and Mike Campbell, Mike Campbell from the Heartbreakers.

Are you running to that show after you already seen them?

I don't know, but they're probably doing very well.

Maybe you're a Stevie Nicks fan.

Like that's the the part that you like the most.

If the whole thing's really weird. It is weird.

Well, what do you think they should have done?

Do you think they should have called it a day?

Just said, hey, guys, we have enough.

Enough what? Money? Yeah.

The clean. Maybe they don't.

Maybe they need more claps. Maybe mix spent it all.

I heard they travel.

I did a show in Australia, a tour in Australia, frankly, to be honest with you.

Well, how? Please be honest with me for the entirety of the show.

And our booking agent or representative had just done Fleetwood Mac.

Those guys travel separately.

Separate private flights, separate private flights, separate cars, separate limousines. Imagine that life. Even Neil Finn?

Well, not now. Now they're busing it.

Now they're in a sprinter van, I suppose. But playing the troubadour.

Wow. And what when you toured, was it just you solo?

I guess you're taking Australia. Yeah.

With my comedy partner, Eric Rierheim.

Oh, OK. So where are you?

But were you traveling together? Yeah.

Yeah. We sat next to each other on the plane.

You did sit next to each other directly next to each other.

It's not the best thing because he's huge and right now a lot of elbow room issues.

Yeah. But we were in pods. We were in first class.

Oh, congrats, buddy.

Let's talk about let's talk a little bit about something else.

Let's talk a little bit.

Well, I'd like to delve a little deeper into first class and you and how many times you've been in it. And is that your?

I have not been to the sort of the back area of a plane ever.

I've always flown first.

Yeah. Even when I was a little kid.

I mean, we don't come from wealth.

I'm not my family's not rich or anything, but I always insisted on it.

So was your family in the back and you were out there?

Yeah. Well, we didn't.

I mean, when you're a kid, you don't fly that off.

We went to Disney World from the East Coast.

We'd go down to Florida every summer.

And I used to throw such a fit that they said, you know what?

Fine, put them up in first.

So the first time you you they bought you an economy ticket.

Never. No, no, no, no, no.

You know, you threw the fit beforehand.

I remember being very young.

I was watching like Knight Rider or something.

And there was a there's a commercial for Eastern Airlines.

You remember Eastern Airlines?

Of course they would travel the east.

Yeah. And they controlled the east.

They had a lockdown on the east.

I started screaming at my mom.

I'll never sit on this in the back of a plane.

You hear me? And this is before they ever.

Whoa. And this is before they ever even planned a trip or anything like that.

Yeah. So they were on eggshells with me with flying.

Oh, OK. Was that the first time you used that kind of language?

Yeah, I picked it up from Knight Rider.

They used to use a B word.

I remember that. That was a weird season.

That was like season four.

Yeah. We're just Michael Neitz.

Bachko got involved or whatever.

Oh, right. Steven Bachko.

Yeah. He was just like, we need to add some bitches.

Who's the NYPD blue guy?

Exactly. Bachko. Yeah. Bachko.

They used to, you know, I you know, that's not his real name.

Yeah. He was just so well known for screwing things up.

It's short for botched company.

Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.

They used to ruin shows. Yeah.

And they used to call him Bachko.

Like the whole company just ruins.

Like it was just kind of a joke that they were like, I don't know.

Everyone's calling us this. Yeah.

And he owned it. He decided to own it.

Yeah, he owned it.

And then once he did own it, then suddenly success. Yeah.

Yeah. NYPD blue.

But, you know, a lot of people thought he was crazy.

Like, I want to show Dennis Franz's butt.

And everyone's like, OK, Bachko.

Good luck for you to botch another one.

But everyone loved it. Everyone loved his butt.

Yeah. I think you could see his butthole at one point.

Yeah. Really? Yeah.

Thank God we didn't have HD televisions back then.

Oh, man. Can you imagine if we had HD TV back in the day when you had to Bachko shows on TV?

Marron. I enjoy this.

Let's talk about the album.

It's a lot of people know of your comedy, and I sincerely hope they do.

You know, if you're listening to this podcast. Yes.

Sure. If you poll the world, the answer would be no. OK, well, if you went to like the World Cup and polled a thousand people there, the Women's World Cup, any of the World Cup. Sure.

But men's women's any of them. You would not know.

No one would have heard of any of our work.

If you went to the people in that room, that graduation ceremony out there in Texas. Sure. And poll everyone there.

No one would be.

They might have gotten a gif of me in their timeline at some point.

That's about it.

They wouldn't have known where it came from or that's your most enduring work.

Anyways, so a lot of people, though, who are listening to this show know of your comedy, but they may not know that you have a separate music career.

Several albums in the can, as they say, the Masters.

Were you were you involved in that big Masters Universal Fire? No.

They didn't get yours.

No, they're not. They're not housed there.

They're housed in my home on my hard drive somewhere. No.

So if you're if your house were to burn down, God forbid, God forbid.

But, you know, I live in a very fire prone home.

You do really? What's going on there?

Well, we're we're freaks for old circus memorabilia.

Of course, I've known that about you forever.

And, you know, the old days back in the 1800s, the circus tents to keep them.

This is true to keep them waterproof were covered in gasoline. Right.

And so we have some of those original to make sure there was no water leaking or anything, they would just douse it in gasoline.

Yeah, because I trudged through that circus documentary on Netflix.

Oh, yeah. Ken Burns Circus. Yeah. Yeah.

But yeah, so we're covered in certain old circus tents.

Right.

And they're covered in gasoline.

Do the tents cover your house? I can't remember.

Or are they are fully tented?

It appears as if we're having some kind of extermination happening.

And so no one everyone who just passes by goes, wow, that place must be filthy for years and years. Yeah.

So but anyways. Yeah.

Well, a good show should be called.

But anyways, to change it from this is not a bad idea.

Do you be on NPR? Hey.

But this new record, What the Broken Hearted Do, Ellipsis.

It is my best work yet. It is a theme record.

I I think most everything I do musically, I try to when I'm when I'm ready to put out an album of music, I try to have some theme to it or some concept behind it.

Isn't it odd that albums normally they're they're broken up into all of these individual tracks or songs?

And most of these songs, we say cuts.

Sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sir.

Sorry, sir. But most of them have nothing to do with each other.

It's it's I've always thought that albums are the sketch shows of music.

Yeah. You know, little ditties, little just things that have ran randomly have nothing to do with each other.

And yet theme albums or concept albums are not the norm.

They're the exception to the rule.

And that those are like the narrative half hours or hours of music.

And yet we don't listen to those like when it comes to music.

We do. That's that's I mean, we have major concept albums in our in the discography.

Sure. Jesus Christ Superstar Tommy Dark Side of the Moon.

Sergeant Pepper, Pet Sounds.

They're not they're not you wouldn't call them rock operas, but they have a conceptual through line.

But any time they they they appear, we're all like, oh, that's different.

And yet we're just accustomed to listening to music where we're like, I don't want to listen to the guy talk about the same thing for an hour.

But when I watch TV, I want you want all these characters to know each other the entire time.

Well, then you'll love my record if you're in that camp.

Which camp of the people who want to cut a through line?

Oh, OK, great. Yeah. So what is the theme?

The theme is the Kia Soul, the car, the Kia Soul.

It's my love of the real soul. Wow.

What do you like about the Kia Soul?

I mean, they're compact cars, as I recall.

They're well, they kind of bridge the gap between a sedan and an SUV.

Oh, OK. I want to thank Kia for for for funding the record.

But and there's a lot of Kia iconography all over the record.

There's a lot of just branding.

Yeah. I mean, a lot of the lyrics have to do with it.

I know that's coincidental.

I was sort of going down that path and then Kia got in touch.

They got in touch because they heard about it or they just got in touch.

I got in touch with them and then they, you know, they called you back.

They followed. So when you say they got in touch, they called you back.

Great. Anyway, so and so it's all about this.

It's a mid-sized car. No, I'll be I'll be straight with you.

And this is why this is my pledge to you today.

No, no bits anymore. No bit.

A lot of times you've come on the show before and I've been like, is this a having a laugh? Right.

I don't I cannot tell.

Well, that's sort of the magic of what I do.

It certainly is.

Like any time you see Tim Heidecker, be it on tour, be it listening to him in a podcast, be it his on Cinema Series.

He's like a magician.

Yeah. It's like he doesn't want to reveal the trick and how he does it.

But you come out of it going like, was that was I just did that just happen to me? Yeah. Yeah.

It's comedy is illusion.

I mean, I think we've and it's misdirection.

It's a lot of times these the same terms.

Yeah. You know, the the prestige we all talk about in comedy about the prestige.

Yeah. It's sort of our North Star.

It is a breakup album.

That's the concept is a breakup album.

Of course, you could could have ascertained that from the title, but the broken heart to do and the cover as well looks a lot like Frank Sinatra's only the lonely record.

Oh, really? Yeah. He's a he's a sad clown with a tear on that record.

Oh, crap. I better look into that.

Yeah. Recall some.

Yes, it's it's evocative of that style.

It's not a Frank Sinatra sounding record.

Oh, that's that.

Hello. I'd love to put you down on the rocks doing this.

This is really good.

I hate that kind of music.

You do. Why is that big band?

You like small Billy May.

You like how small of a band or is is how big is too big? Five is five tops, five to five tops.

So you like the five tops, five tops.

No, as I recall, they changed their name later to the four times.

Yeah. The fifth guy turned out to be a pedophile.

That's too bad after their second album.

And that was Michael Jackson.

And he went on to a very successful solo career.

So this is who did you break up with?

Did you break up with your wife or your kids who like who, who, who lowered the boom on you?

Presume they broke up.

I know I'm still married.

I still have children.

We didn't give them away or anything.

And I don't know.

I mean, I've had breakups before.

We've all over the years.

Yeah, of course.

We've all gone through breakups.

I think I've had friends who've had breakups.

I observe their experience.

And that's what your whole art is about.

Be a comedy, be a music.

You're like an observational comedian and observational.

One of the greatest.

Yeah. You're like, it was most well known for my observational humor.

Sure.

Do you have any observations you've been observing lately?

What is the deal with Fleetwood Mac now?

Have you seen this?

OK, yeah.

So what's next?

Triple A.

What's next for four A now?

We have a I don't know.

I'm a PC comic, as you know, I don't use Mac.

This is good stuff.

I like this.

So let's go back to music, though, because we can only take so many laughs on this show.

The What the Broken Hearted Do.

It's about 11 songs. I listen to it today.

It's a great record.

It kind of reminds me of like the Harry Nilsson, Randy Newman style.

That's what I do.

Records from the 70s.

Warren Zevon, Paul Simon.

It had a bit of a Graceland kind of thing with that African choir in the background.

No, there's no African choir.

What?

What was I listening?

I was listening to Graceland.

That might have been it.

Yeah, it's just a bunch of songs I wrote.

And, you know, there's a little humor in it, but there's a lot of just straightforward the kind of music I like.

So I've got a great producer that is Jonathan Radow, who's from the band Foxogen.

He produced the the Wise Blood record that everyone loves.

Yeah.

And we just went into the studio and tracked a record in a week.

In a week?

You knocked this thing out in a week?

We came in hot.

Really?

Yeah.

And did you do the basic tracking first and then added overdubs?

We did the overdubs first.

What?

Yeah, we started with a click track.

You enjoy that.

I enjoy that.

It's just that concept.

It is funny.

We tried to do something a little different this time.

We're doing the only overdubs first and then we'll work through the basic track.

And this record is approximately, let's say I was looking at the runtime, it's somewhere in the 41 minutes range.

No, it's actually younger, I was gonna say.

It's younger than that.

It's younger than that, yeah.

What's the oldest album?

That exists.

Is it Melancholy and the Infinite Sadness?

That is pretty old.

It's only 33 minutes.

33, so In-N-Out, Wham Bam, Thank You, Bam.

It's a good driving record.

It's a good headphones record.

You wanna put this on at a party.

As long as you're driving somewhere that takes you 33 minutes to get to.

I hate, look here, I hate putting on an album and then I arrive at my destination before the album ends.

I hate that.

I want it to time out perfectly.

You wanna conclude.

I wanna, here's what I do when I get in the car.

I look up on Google Maps exactly where I'm going to and how long it's gonna take.

How long is it gonna take?

And then I sort all of my albums by runtime.

And I find whatever, if it's 27 minutes, I find a 27 minute album.

Wouldn't that be a great app?

Let's go into business on this.

Well, I have nothing else to say except the music speaks for itself.

And we have clips of this record.

Let's hear clips of Tim Heidecker's What's Up.

All of them at once.

Let's hear it all.

Wait, we don't have clips of it?

We don't have clips.

I guess we don't have clips of this record.

Here's what I love.

I mean, we all complained about the streaming stuff for years. Sure.

I remember, like you would call me up on the phone.

I can't, they're ripping us, the artists off.

Can I talk to you about streaming for a second?

I'd be like, Tim, this is the eighth time this week.

It's so, you know, buy the records, buy the vinyl.

But isn't it great?

You could just pop on one of these places and just get into the middle.

You could listen to anything you want.

Listen to whatever you want.

And how much do you get paid per stream?

What is it, a penny?

I have a sort of sweetheart deal with Spotify.

Did you get in early?

Yeah.

This record, we have a sort of an exclusive deal because you can play it everywhere.

But on Spotify, it's not exclusive.

It is- It's exclusive of how great the deal is.

I'm getting $4 a play.

$4 per track.

Per track per play, whoa!

And- That's incredible.

I got a great team.

I got a great manager, a great lawyer, and they worked their butts off.

And really became quite aggressive about it.

Really?

And is Spotify hiding the album so no one plays it?

It is a little tricky.

You have to use that symbol.

It's like a, not the umlaut, but a little dash that would go over the R in Heidecker.

Right, otherwise it just never pops up?

Never pops up.

Oh, wow.

OK.

How much have you made then so far?

$80.

Congratulations!

We've done $80.

Wow.

We've done $80.

So two people have listened to the record, but one didn't finish it.

Right.

Yeah.

Yeah, it only gets- This is 11 tracks.

The $4 only kick in if you listen to the whole song.

Right.

If they don't, I get nothing.

OK.

Well, congratulations to him.

I listened to it today.

I really enjoyed it.

Thank you.

And you know- It's kind of in your wheelhouse, musically.

I like it.

And what I think, you know, do a comedy, do a record.

Do a comedy, do a record.

Keep them guessing.

Yeah, I like that.

What's going to be next?

I would guess a comedy, because you're alternating.

Do people do comedy records anymore?

I'm not talking a comedy record.

I'm talking a comedy project.

Well, I'm actually doing another music project right now.

Oh, you are?

What do you got?

It's very exciting.

I am collaborating with Wise Blood.

Natalie's her name.

We're making a record together.

I saw you did a live show the other day.

Did you see us?

No, you weren't there.

I wasn't there.

I just saw you posted something about you.

We performed some songs.

We're writing some songs together.

It's next level, gang.

Whoa.

Very strong material.

When can we expect to see that?

Probably next year.

OK, please come back whenever that comes up.

OK, well, I'll stick around if you don't mind.

Oh, yeah, just stay here until then.

OK.

Until you're here.

What else is going on with you?

Well, it's baseball season.

Oh, of course, yeah, the crack of the bat.

Yeah, I've been.

It's going back, back, back.

Please, at the wall.

Spell ball.

It's at the wall.

I'm wearing my Dodgers cap.

I've become kind of a Dodgers fan since I've been out here.

We call them dodge balls.

Dodge boys.

Boys in blue.

Isn't it great, this new Will Smith, who's the rookie catcher?

There he is, Will Smith.

Of course, Will Smith's from Aladdin.

He's one of the boys in blue.

I love that connection with Aladdin.

I love that.

It's so strange that Will Smith just decided to, he's like, I'm going to do Aladdin.

I'm also going to play baseball.

It's like, one for them, one for me.

But I got so obsessed.

I'm kind of an obsessive guy.

I got so obsessed with baseball.

I got, you know, I just became sort of, because it's a game of numbers, you know?

Sure, yeah.

There's just so many stats.

How many strikes are there?

Three strikes and you're out.

You know the old expression.

Exactly.

That applies to baseball, literally.

It's not just prisoners.

No, it actually comes from baseball.

It comes from, it was baseball first, really?

It was a baseball term first.

I've always heard it just of like, when we're going to lock people up.

And then the expression, four balls and you're on.

And that comes from prisoners as well.

Meaning you're on society.

You're out of prison.

But the past few years, I mean, I've always liked baseball.

But I've gotten, it's such a numbers game.

It's such a stat heavy game.

Sure.

Is your mind like that?

Can you calculate these?

I'm not a numbers guy.

I don't know how this works.

I'm not a math guy.

I'm more of a creative left brain, kind of got a right brain, whatever it is.

You don't even know what brain it is.

That's how bad you are at math.

Anything about science or anything about math.

But I've just been absorbing.

And I love sort of following the numbers.

In the past few years, I've got the baseball almanac.

And I've just become, it's like a sponge with the stats.

Really?

I've just been able, I don't know what it is.

Is there something about where you are in your life right now?

Suddenly you're able to absorb this information?

Yeah, it's like guys do Sudoku or whatever.

But suddenly your brain has been opened up into this sort of osmosis.

And it's numbers based.

I know a lot of the players and everything.

I could tell you, for the past 15 years, I could tell you the score of any game played during the, well, during the regular season or the postseason.

Really?

Any game just from the?

I could tell you the score.

I could tell you the number of hits.

I can tell you every stat for every game.

Just from our LA Dodgers or any?

No, no, no, no, no, no.

The entire league.

And we're talking the major leagues.

The major leagues.

I think I've got it basically memorized from 2008.

2008.

That sounds like 11 years.

That's 11 years.

I'm working.

I'm going back.

I hope to by the next couple years.

Backwards.

I hope to be able to kind of absorb the entire history of the league.

And is this day by day?

Do you then, like, when a day has passed, you then absorb that day's information now that we're in the midst of it?

I absorb it on a daily basis.

I look at the, I get, you know, I go to the website and I look at all the scores.

I try to watch a lot of the games.

I basically watch about 70% of the games.

Really?

Are you fast forwarding through commercials?

Are you on tape?

Yes, I am.

Sometimes I have to resort to highlights, you know, depending on what's going on.

Right, of course.

Yeah, I've just been absorbing it and, you know, I have such a knowledge of the numbers.

This is incredible.

I mean, we could just, I could give you an example.

Yeah.

Let's see, June 3, 19, 2000, I don't know, what, 2013.

2013?

Yeah, what games were played then?

Yankees, Astros.

OK.

Yankees at Astros, score 7-3.

Whoa.

Astros winning that game.

They won that game?

Yeah.

Oh, wow.

And Yankees had 11 hits in the game.

That's not a lot.

Two errors.

Yeah, it was a couple of big bombs, couple of home runs, a bunch of walks.

OK.

And I think Carter was pitching.

Carter.

Yeah, Carter.

OK.

John Carter.

Oh, OK.

From the Astros.

The Astros, right.

OK, yeah.

And anyway, yeah, so any of this stuff.

Also, what was the date I said?

You said June 3 of what year was it?

Giants-Dodgers.

That was game two out of the series, the three-game series, up in, sorry, up in San Francisco.

San Francisco, right.

You're straining right now.

But this is very impressive.

It's a lot.

Yeah, so many numbers passing through your head.

3-2, Dodgers win.

14 hits in that game.

14 hits from the Dodgers, seven hits from the Giants.

Wow.

You have like Mariners.

Excuse me, Mariners.

I'm trying to stay focused on that.

OK, sorry, sorry.

Mariners-Angels.

Mariners-Angels score was 0-3, Angels win.

Angels won that one.

And it was, oh gosh.

The Indians-Texas Rangers score 7-6.

7-6.

And who won that one?

The Rangers.

Rangers won that.

That was a four-game winning streak for them.

Oh, wow.

This is incredible.

You have like Mary Lou Henner disease.

This is incredible.

And people in this room are kind of giggling at me.

I don't see.

I see more like.

I think you, I would like to, I have a friend of mine who works for MLB.

Oh, OK.

And he's a statistician there.

Statistician.

And I think it would be interesting for you to give me, because maybe I memorized all what I just said.

Yeah.

You might have come in here with a date already pre-planned.

And what I'll do is I'll get him on the line.

OK.

If we can do that.

Phil at MLB.

Oh, yeah.

Oh, great.

OK.

We're calling him right now.

Phil at MLB.

Yeah.

OK.

And I've known him for a couple of years now.

And he's been a great sort of resource for me, a great mentor.

And.

Hello.

Phil?

Yes.

Can you hear me?

This is Tim.

Hey, Tim.

Hey.

So I'm going to turn it over to Scott here, who's going to.

Hey, this is Scott Aukerman from Comedy Bang Bang.

Hi.

Hey, good to hear you, Scott.

Yeah, it's great to hear you as well.

Tim here has been rattling off some incredible trivia regarding the Major League Baseball.

He picked a date.

But he says, I can pick any date from 2008 on.

And he'll give me some details.

And you'll cross-check those.

Is that correct?

Is that what we're doing?

I can do that.

Certainly can.

And just let me know.

And I'll be happy to do that for you.

OK.

Great.

Thanks, Phil.

And just to be clear, Phil works for MLB.

He's a statistician there.

And obviously, he doesn't know all this stuff.

But you are in front of the brain.

Supercomputer.

Yeah, supercomputer.

So he can cross-check all this stuff.

And what kind of stats do you do, Phil, for MLB?

Do you count the bunts?

Or what is it exactly that you do?

I'm in charge of just recording and archiving all the stats that have acquired all throughout history of baseball.

Wait, every stat?

Every single stat?

All the way back till 1876.

Wow.

That's incredible.

Wow.

OK.

But you, Phil, I mean, we got in touch because I became obsessed with all this stuff.

And you don't memorize all this stuff.

But you've sort of been following me and how I've been able to sort of absorb this stuff.

But Phil, you archive it.

So.

I don't have the mind that Tim does.

But I do have to keep track of all the records for MLB.

OK, great.

So Scott, you just rattle it.

You just want me to pick a date?

Is that?

Pick a date.

And I'll give you, we'll see how far it goes.

Yeah, OK.

I'm going to say, and it has to be during baseball season, one would assume, which means the summertime.

Yeah, any time between sort of late April and October, November.

Yeah, Mr. October.

I remember Reggie.

Do you know who that was?

Mr. October?

Reggie Jackson from the Yankees.

Cannot get, cannot stump this guy.

OK, I'm going to.

Lifetime batting average of 327.

Can you confirm that, Phil?

Yes, let me look that up here real quick.

Not quick enough.

Yes, that's correct.

Oh, correct.

Wow.

To the decimal point, 327.

Wow.

All right, let me pick a date then.

Let me go for, I'm going to go for August 29, 2013.

August 29, 2013, number of games played.

We have Angels playing an interleague game with the Padres, correct, Phil?

Yes, that is absolutely correct.

And the Angels, the LA, the Anaheim, whatever you want to call it, Anaheim Angels winning.

California Angels.

California Angels of Anaheim.

Right.

Winning 6-4.

6-4 is correct.

11 hits from the Angels and 6 hits from the Padres.

Two errors.

Only 11 hits from the Angels, and they still got 6 points.

Wow.

Yeah, I mean, it was, again, we don't count walks here, but I don't follow walks.

Oh, it must have been a lot.

Oh, so you're not a walk guy.

No.

OK.

Also on that day, Cubs-Phillies.

Cubs in Philly for the three-game series there, correct, Phil?

Yes, that's correct.

And Phil's win 8-7.

Close one there.

In the 11th.

Yes, it was in the 11th, and they did win by that score.

Correct.

Phil, do you like the Phillies because it's so close to your name?

No, actually, I'm originally from Atlanta, so the Atlanta Braves are my favorite team.

Oh, OK.

Well, if you were playing Marlins on that day as well, Braves winning 11-7.

Wow.

Yep, you're right again, Tim.

Wow.

Do you wish your name was Atlanta and not Phil?

No, actually, no, I don't.

Do you think that was funny, what I just said?

It is a little silly to name Atlanta.

It is silly.

All right, give me one more, and we'll, I mean.

Wait, you give us one more.

Well, give me one date.

Oh, you want me to switch dates?

Because, OK, all right.

You might have just thought I focused in on, whatever.

OK, no, no, no.

How do you want to play the game?

No, I'll give you another date.

I want to say September 21, 2018, a little more recently.

Oh, OK.

September 21, 2018, we have the Boston Red Sox in Chicago playing the White Sox.

Oh, a sock game.

A little sock game.

That was the.

Hope those, don't put those socks in the dryer together.

Poor game.

You'll end up with pink socks.

Excuse me.

What?

What's that?

That was the fourth game in a four game series, 2-0 Boston Red Sox beating the White Sox on that day.

Phil, what do we got?

Let me look up that.

Well, you should have looked up the date already.

When I said it, I would have imagined.

Like, I expect these stats at the right.

Is this how slow the stats come at MLB, or?

It's an older computer here.

We need the updated system.

Get the newer computer.

You're the MLB.

You're the major leagues, not the minor.

If this were minor leagues, I'd go, OK.

Do you have it there, Phil?

Yes, it's correct.

It's up now and can't confirm you're absolutely right.

Great.

Wow.

There you go.

I got to say, this is riveting for listeners of this show, because normally just a bunch of random stats would be like, oh, I don't know how entertaining this actually is.

But to have them be as true as they are, this is what is making it.

I'm just at the edge of my seat.

Right.

You're waiting for me to, it's like a high wire act.

You're waiting for me to miss.

Sure.

But I don't.

But you never do.

And the fact that Phil is here to back you up is just what's making it just next level for me.

Yeah.

So I love it.

I love the game.

It's just, you know.

And I know Phil does too.

So thanks, Phil.

Yeah.

Phil, I want to thank you so much.

You have really, I mean, I've had a lot of segments on this show and a lot of guests we've done for 10 years, over 600 episodes.

This is like watching a great maestro at work.

And to have you there just confirming what we're hearing is really, it's been our pleasure, my pleasure, personally, as the host.

And I speak on behalf of all the listeners.

We appreciate what you have done on this show today.

Thank you.

You're welcome, Phil.

All right, see you.

OK, thank you, Tim.

Bye bye.

Wow.

What a segment.

We have to go to break.

But Tim, that was a treat.

Thank you so much.

Thanks for having me on, Scott.

That was not, certainly not dry at all.

A lot of times you would think, wow, just hearing a list of numbers, that would be dry as a bone.

It was wet.

It was so wet.

It was dripping wet.

Dripping, sopping wet, a lot like your carny tents.

It was incredible.

All right, we need to go to a break.

We'll come right back.

We'll be back with a cameraman and a bee advocate.

This is very exciting.

We'll be back with more comedy bang bang after this.

Comedy bang bang.

We're back here.

Tim Heidecker, new album, What the Broken Hearted Doolipsis is out now.

People can stream it.

Try to stream it on Spotify.

Get that sweetheart deal.

Maybe four bucks.

Listen, getting extra $44 in your pocket.

If someone listens all the way through, that's exciting.

Do you get the $4 even for the song at the end?

That's just a minute long.

That's per track.

Just per track, no matter how long the track is.

Right.

I would say divvy your songs up into separate tracks.

You know what I mean?

That's what we do.

If you listen to the whole thing, I get $44.

Sure, but what I'm saying is why stop at $44?

Make track one 11 tracks.

You know what I mean?

Divvy it up into 11 equidistant pieces.

Well, do that for the next one.

Okay, great.

All right.

This is a one album deal I have with Spotify.

I don't think they're going to go back.

I would love to manage it.

They're going to renegotiate.

We can, I can handle this renegotiation if you want me to.

Well, we have a, this is exciting.

Tim, do you like bees, insects?

No.

Okay.

Well, we're going to talk to someone who does, I guess.

Before you introduce them, I want to let you know, I'm going to leave at some point during your conversation.

During my conversation with the bee advocate.

I just don't want to be rude, but I don't want to interrupt the flow.

So I might duck out depending on how long it takes me to get to Dan Tanis.

Are we okay with that?

Okay.

I think I'm okay.

Hopefully you'll be able to stick around through the end of the show, but at some point you need to, are you looking at how long it takes you to get to Dan Tanis?

Uh, it doesn't tell me now.

Uh, okay.

I'm here for another 20 minutes or so.

Oh, okay.

Great.

All right.

And how long does it take to get to Dan Tanis?

Does it say?

It says 20, about a half hour.

So half hour.

So maybe you could listen to your own album if it takes 30, 33 minutes or so.

I do enjoy it.

Okay, great.

Let's get to him.

He is a bee advocate.

Please welcome Lester Gale.

Hello, Lester.

Hi, Scott.

Thanks for having me on.

Hey, it's my pleasure.

Yeah.

This is Tim Heidecker.

He's a musician and a comedian and a statistician, uh, or not.

I guess you're not a statistician because you don't compile them nor, nor do you put them through the, A stat, a stat, a stat stan, as the kids would say now.

Oh, you're a stan of stats.

Yeah.

A stan for stats.

And you're a bee stan.

I guess I stan for bees.

Yes, that's right.

Yeah.

I'm here for the bees.

I speak for the bees.

I'm going to zone out on this segment because I'm not interested in bees.

You don't like bees?

Yeah.

Okay.

Well, maybe I'll be able to win you over.

Maybe you could be somewhat engaged and listen to at least the first part of it.

So that way I'm just predicting I'm going to zone.

Okay.

Well, you're going to try not to, but you're predicting that you are going to, and I won't, I won't, I won't interrupt.

And when you zone out, do you make any weird noises or just like, no, I just stare at the wood.

You just stare.

Okay.

If you do zone out and then something wins you back over, let me know.

Okay.

If something piques your interest, but, uh, yeah, because you, that would be useful information for you.

Do you go out there and give talks?

Yeah.

I try to get people's interest up on bees and try to get them to pay more attention to the bees and get interested.

So yeah, if I knew something that would win over a non bee person to the side of the bees, that'd be good for me to know.

One would assume that most people are non bee people.

Is that, people start off pretty against.

Yeah.

Neutral to against.

I would say that I, having been stung, you ever been stung by a bee, Tim?

Oh, almost once a week.

Yeah.

Where are you hanging out?

Just, we have a lot of bees, a lot of bees.

In that carnitine of yours?

Yeah.

Big time.

Wow.

Okay.

Once a week is, that's higher than average.

What is, what is average?

Average is, um, I'd say once every couple of years at most.

See, I would say I've been stung twice in my life.

Oh, really?

Once as a child, once as an adult.

Oh gosh.

But people are being stung more than me.

Wow.

If you average it out nationally.

You and I are sort of- I get stung weekly and I'm allergic.

Oh boy.

That's a nightmare.

Get these bees out of your house.

We've talked to people, but nobody wants to deal with it.

I say, no, I, right.

I think at some point you'll develop an immunity.

You're doing it right.

Don't be scared of the bees.

It hurts like hell.

It's the national average.

Yeah.

Most people it's like once in their life, twice in their life, maybe.

But then you got some people who are really into it, so they bring the numbers up.

Yeah.

Tim and I are averaging each other out to the national average.

Yeah.

The national average of, uh, once every couple of years.

Yeah.

So what do you like about bees?

When you say you're a bee advocate, you, what do you like about them?

I mean, obviously they make honey.

Sure.

They make, I'm fascinated by them and I want them to be a bigger part of the national conversation.

I want bees to be part of everything.

Hmm.

Everything.

I want them to be, okay.

Yes, they make honey.

They are good for the ecosystem.

They're good examples of teamwork.

They look rad.

And I want them.

They have those, uh, yellow and black, uh, designs on them that, uh, I know the band Striper sort of copied them.

Striper's total ripoff of bees.

Mm-hmm.

The yellow and black attack, they called it.

And I just called it like, you guys look like bees.

You look like bees.

Let's just say it for, Hey, if you want to copy bees, go ahead.

But let's, let's call yourselves the bees.

Yeah.

Let's make your songs.

Let's title them buzz, buzz, buzz.

Yeah.

Um, lately it's all this Jesus shit.

Yeah.

That was a cover for how badly they were ripping off bees.

Mm.

I'm, um, I'm largely currently, so I've talked about, I've given a lot of talks on bees.

There's nothing about bees that I don't love.

The main thing I'm trying to, uh, really advocate for is I want people to be more frightened again of the threat of killer bees.

When I was a boy, uh, uh, and I was a boy for a long time.

How long were you a boy for?

I mean, it's subjective.

Do you, would you say 13, you know, the, in the, you know, the Jewish faith?

Yeah, that's that you're, you're done in the Jewish faith.

Yeah.

I'm speaking more emotionally.

I was a boy for gosh, 30 to 40 years.

Oh, wow.

So during my childhood, which I'm not biologically, of course.

Sure.

You used to, you had the pubes, you had the pubes, working stuff downstairs.

Working stuff, uh, pronounced odors, um, distracted thoughts.

Um, but, uh, emotionally I was a boy for a long time, but there was, when I was a, a, during my boyhood, the threat of killer bees was big in society.

There were movies about killer bees.

There was a, that whole threequel.

There was the swarm and then the swarm to look out for more bees.

Yeah.

The swarm three, it's like, uh oh.

Uh oh.

Guess who's back?

Yeah, we won't tell you.

The swarm, uh oh.

Guess who's back was, uh, under appreciated.

And then it went away and now people, believe it or not, even though they are neutral to negative on bees, they're not scared enough.

I think.

Well, it seemed like it's a lack of disrespect to not be worried about the threat of killer bees.

It seemed like, uh, uh, in the seventies or maybe early eighties, you heard a lot about killer bees.

A lot about it coming up from central America.

And now it's just bees.

African bees.

Oh yeah.

That was earlier in the, um, in this millennium.

Yeah.

I was really hoping for that comeback.

I was like, great.

Like, uh, finally, finally, I want more killer bees movies.

I would like a killer bees television show.

And I just want it around as an example.

People are, they see them now just as pests or it's like, oh, what a bummer.

I got stung by a bee.

And, and, uh, annoyance and you, you want, I'm advocating for full on fear, full on fear out of respect for the bees.

Okay.

And when you say you want a killer bees television show, are they the star of the show?

Are they like an antihero, like a Breaking Bad kind of thing?

Like, yeah, there could be like a good emotional arc there.

Start off as a redemptive arc.

Yeah.

Redemptive sort of protect, you know, maybe like they're a protagonist.

Then we find out a complicated backstory.

Then we end up rooting for them.

And then there's a hug at the end where the bees are being hugged.

That's how I Breaking Bad ended with a hug.

And I thought that was so cool.

That was the way to go.

I was just like, oh my God, look, him and Jesse, Walter and Jesse, they just hug.

Yeah.

Salisbury Hill playing in the background.

I thought that was a really out of nowhere ending, but it really worked.

And Jesse was like, you know, I get it.

Yeah.

That was the, that was the last line.

I thought the Sopranos hard blackout was going to be the biggest surprise ending, but Jesse just saying, I get it.

And then the hard blackout, I was like, these guys, these guys haven't figured out.

I thought it was a mistake to end with the studio audience applause that you had never heard.

Well, that was a real tone shift.

Yeah.

It was odd.

I mean, I had assumed they started every episode saying Breaking Bad is filmed in front of live television audience, but then you never heard them.

Cause there's nothing really to laugh at.

Right?

Yes.

I had to, they were watching in silence.

I liked the idea of just a rapt audience.

That you never hear.

But then, but you hear a lot of room tone and somewhat shuffling of feet.

Some clearing of throats here.

The applause at the end of Breaking Bad and then the laughter did throw me, but on a rewatch it really works.

Yeah.

It's one of those things where you're not ready for it, but I watch again.

I'm like, I get, I do understand.

I like Jesse.

I get it.

Yeah.

So back to bees though.

I think that they should be feared and worked into a lot more things.

That's mainly what I'm advocating for.

Okay.

Well, I mean, I do want them to be loved, but fear to me is what is the difference between a killer bee and a regular bee?

Because a killer bee kills you.

Is that really the only difference or are they bigger?

No, there's a lot more difference than that.

I mean, it's the main difference.

Do they team up to kill you or can one killer bee kill you?

One killer bee can kill you, but they like to make it a game.

They like to play with their food.

They like to work together.

There's a lot of schemes.

Also killer bees are more social.

They make tools.

Killer bees, I didn't hear something about not only will they sting you with their stinger, but then they also chomp your flesh as well.

That's right.

They'll sting you, which, you know, rips the back half of their body right off.

It's all kamikaze missions for the killer bees.

Right.

Yeah.

Because they, at that point they have a limited lifespan.

They've got a couple seconds left.

So they start chomping away.

They make it count.

Right.

And if a killer bee fails to sting you, they'll remember you and come back, which I think is great.

Because who doesn't like to be noticed?

Huh.

So you identify with these bees.

You sort of are empathetic to them and you- I like having people pay attention to me and I feel that, and I like- Well, we're paying attention to you right now because we are just wrapped.

Then you guys are like- Tim, are you zoning out or what?

I've zoned out.

Oh yeah, you were zoning out.

Okay, sorry.

I'm paying attention to you, Tim.

Tim has zoned out.

Well then- I'm staring at the microphone in hypnotic days.

Let me know if I get you back.

Not likely.

Okay.

Yeah, so I empathize with the killer bees.

You were afraid of them as a young boy.

You grew up to be a man.

But I respected them.

You respected them and now- I grew up to be a man when I was in my late 40s.

Right.

How old are you?

Because- I'm currently 71 years old.

You are.

Wow.

You look great.

Thank you.

Well, immaturity keeps you young.

Sure.

So you were born in the 1950s or so?

That's correct.

Yeah, wow.

And then the movies of the late 70s really spoke to me.

The killer bees movies.

But you were still a young boy.

Emotionally, yes.

Emotionally.

Although I was in my second career.

What was your first career?

Lumberjack.

And then I moved on to- I guess that would be bigger in the 60s or 70s.

It went away.

The industry was just dying.

We were being replaced by machines.

It was horrific.

Yeah.

Big saws, electric saws.

I was like, I can't compete with these.

Yeah.

I was swinging the ax.

Pretty good.

Really?

Yeah.

How many trees do you chop down daily?

One.

That's pretty good.

Yeah.

I mean, these are big.

And you've got to go at it manually.

Yeah.

I mean, you're one guy too.

One.

Yeah.

You weren't allowed to team up.

Most people are just one guy.

Most people are one guy.

If they say they're not, they're just full of themselves.

And I was- Did that get you back?

Are you back?

Or- Enjoyed that clip.

Yeah.

Okay.

So now are you- It's a good t-shirt.

Most people are one guy.

Yeah.

That's not bad.

Yeah.

That would really catch your attention.

T-shirt that was empty and didn't have another person in it.

Like a Siamese twin kind of t-shirt.

Ooh, yeah.

Sure.

Most people are just one guy.

Okay.

You're zoning out again.

I'm out.

Yeah.

Too complicated.

When you see the eyes closed, that's a good sign I'm out.

Yeah.

It's really evident when you're not paying attention.

You really let it be known.

In my line of work, I've talked to a lot of people, but it's rare for someone to just shut their eyes and nod their heads.

Oh, you're doing it again.

You're right out.

Okay.

He's just- You're totally out.

Thinking about lunch at Dantana's- Oh, man.

Don't worry.

You'll be there.

So that was your first career.

That would be- Not a lot of call for it.

What's the last time you picked up that and swung one of those axes?

I do it like once a year for nostalgia's sake.

So you're being stung by a bee.

Once every couple years.

Once every couple years, swinging an axe every year.

Yeah, for fun.

Usually like in mid-summer.

What a life.

Which is what I assume that movie is about.

Like that Monty Python song.

Remember that one?

Which one was that?

Never heard of that.

Spam.

No.

Lumberjack.

Mind your- It's called Lumberjack.

I'm a lumberjack.

I don't know that one.

Don't know it.

I don't know the tune, but- I've heard of those guys.

The lyrics are, I'm a lumberjack and I don't care.

And I don't care.

I don't care.

Yeah, that sounds like a- Boy, it's a mixed message song.

Yeah.

I'm a lumberjack and I don't care.

You woke up for a lumberjack.

I woke up for a lumberjack.

Yeah, you zoned out and then you came back for a lumberjack.

I heard a comedy reference.

Lumberjack.

That's where, that's really working his side of the street.

Comedy is what he's- He's a comedy guy.

His main love, I would say.

Hey, you know what?

If it weren't for lumberjacks, we wouldn't have baseball bats.

So let's- Thank you, Lumberjack.

That's, I gotta think about that.

That's a hard truth.

Would you split up your trees into baseball bats ever?

Sometimes you'd have to do that.

You split the tree down and then you'd have an order of whatever.

If they already knew what the tree was going to be used for, they'd say, hey, can you get us any closer to this?

We're going to use this tree for a bat.

If you, you know, obviously we don't expect you to have the expertise to shape it into a bat, but can you give us any kind of bat size tree?

Wait, one tree would be one bat sometimes?

Sometimes.

Wow.

Or they would just say like- I bet you don't know this.

How many broken bats were there in the 2016 season?

Should we get Phil back on the line?

I know this if you want to say.

What is it?

Do you want to say or do- It's 83 bats.

That's right.

83 bats.

That's right.

83 bats.

How do you know that?

Because it was a high number.

Oh, okay.

It was sort of a notable- It's like being in a sports center.

They started tracking it like another broken- You know, it's like Joe DiMaggio reaching base.

I bet that piqued your interest being in the lumber game for so long.

I was like, maybe I can get back in this.

What's going on with wood these days?

Are trees being shottier?

Maybe the demand is up.

Yeah.

Sometimes I chop down a tree, they'd be like, this one's going to be an en noir.

How do you say that?

En noir.

Sure.

Okay.

Yeah.

So I'd try to give them like a big block, you know?

Or if there was going to be like, you know, a bunch of bookends, you know, I'd try to give it like already equal sized pieces so they'd be easier to hewn.

What if someone's saying like, I want two bookends and they're going to be like, I'd like them shaped like, you know, Rorschach from Watchmen.

Yeah.

Well, I'd look up who that was, get invested.

You don't know who that is.

You're not a fan of Watchmen?

At the time that I was a lumberjack, I don't think I would have been tuned into it.

Yeah.

Well, it was pre-coming out.

I don't know if the character existed, so I would have had to figure- I'm thinking back then I would have had to like- But back then, had he existed, you would have looked up in what?

Yeah.

An encyclopedia?

The internet didn't exist.

I just would have asked around, so you guys heard of this Rorschach guy?

Ask the other lumberjacks.

The other lumberjacks?

Yeah, yeah.

Just people at the local tavern or?

Just, you know, maybe in the diner on my way to work and then I get into work and just say, hey, is anybody here to this Rorschach guy?

Then when I'm chopping down the tree, I'm like, yeah, I'll try to get it in that size.

So people would describe him.

How would you think people would describe him?

Like Tim, if you had to describe Rorschach from Watchmen- People are wanting a wood facsimile of Rorschach.

Yeah.

Bookends in the shape.

Yeah.

I don't know.

I don't know comic books.

You don't know any comic books?

He's- I know Superman, I guess.

What do you know about Superman?

He's, he can fly around.

Yeah.

That is a main thing.

He's come from, I know it from the movies, not from the comic books.

Oh, okay.

So you, but you're a big fan of these movies?

I've seen them.

I'm like, I wouldn't say a big fan.

How many times?

I've seen Superman probably 12, 13 times in my life.

Wow.

The first one.

And then how about all the sequels?

I have no idea.

I've seen them when they're on TV and on airplanes or whatever.

And what about in the theaters?

I'm a big Marlon Brando fan, so I see all his movies.

Oh, you are.

What's your favorite Marlon Brando- Superman.

Wow.

That's your favorite Marlon Brando movie?

Is that how you got into him?

Yeah.

He's got pretty much two scenes in that movie.

Right?

He's in like two scenes, basically.

Yeah, but he kills it and he steals- He kills it in that movie.

Alec Baldwin and, uh, uh, Glengarry Glen Ross.

Yeah.

That scene.

It's just like, that scene is- Stylonic.

A lot of actors do those monologues in auditions.

Yeah.

Kal-El.

Yeah.

He was Jor-El, right?

Talking- He was Jor-El, but I'm- Leaving messages for Kal-El.

He's saying Kal-El.

Yeah.

I was about to go into the monologue, but no one's interested in hearing it.

Kal-El.

Tim is doing his patented Marlon Brando.

He's doing something with his chin.

He's like- No, he does sound like the Godfather in that movie.

I never realized that.

He brought back the Godfather voice for Superman.

Kal-El, I'm gonna make you, uh, some, uh, make you some kryptonite you can't refuse.

Yeah.

Be great.

Good stuff.

Yeah, so that's my deal.

So I just would like- So that's your deal.

That is the entirety of your deal.

Pretty much.

I would like people, anybody listening, hey, if- Because I know you're a Hollywood guy, uh, Scott.

I don't know if that's how I would describe myself.

You're super Hollywood.

You live in the Hollywood area?

I do live in the Hollywood area.

Yeah, but I'm- You work in the entertainment business.

Just a simple man who comes from humble beginnings.

But you have arrived at Hollywood, baby.

Yeah.

I have humble beginnings and not humble endings, hopefully.

Hopefully not.

And Tim, you're an entertainment adjacent person at least.

I'm fully involved in the entertainment industry.

He's immersed.

He is fully submerged.

Anybody who's listening, if you're in a story shaping side of this business and you can throw in some bees- I could put some bees into what I'm doing.

Give it a thought.

Tim, what about you?

What's your next- A killer bee.

What's your next, uh, project?

Well, I'm working on a project about bees.

Whoa!

You are?

So yeah, we can work them in somehow.

But it sounds like you already are working in, right?

Well, we haven't decided whether we'll see the bees ever.

There's a lot of conversation about bees, but- Or just hear the bees, like a swarm of bees approaching the town or something?

That can be great.

Let me just say right here, consider seeing the bees, and I would move them into a villain role.

I don't know what sort of role they have now.

Yeah, we haven't defined any of the characters or any of the story or plot.

All you know is the universe, so just world building at this point?

Yeah, we're just world building.

I'm not an unreasonable guy.

I'm not telling you what to do, but I would just ask you to consider having the bees be in a completely villainous role.

This is what you do.

This, as an advocate- Just like- Raise awareness, get it to the front of the mind.

I'll pitch it to the room.

All right, great.

Who's in this room, by the way?

This is a- It's me and a writing partner who I can't discuss right now.

Oh, Paul Simon.

Can we- Oh, wow.

Who's that, Neil Simon?

Paul Simon.

That's even better.

Doing a comedy project.

And when it comes to writing.

He's wanted, always, he's done a lot of SNL.

He's good friends with Lorne Michaels.

He wanted to be in the writer's room on a project.

Wow.

What kind of things does he pitch?

Mostly jokes, mostly- Wow, he has jokes, not music stuff.

So you have a lot of jokes at this point?

No characters.

Jokes and lyrics.

All world building.

Lyrics.

Like cryptic phrases.

Almost like poems.

There's no music to it.

They're just rhyming.

Oh, interesting.

It rhymes a lot.

It rhymes very well.

Oh, he's one of the best.

One of the best rhymers.

It's a mess right now.

I would love to get him on the line, if you could, and see if he would like- Like, I could throw out a word and see what rhymes with it.

I think he's off the grid right now.

He's up in his cabin in Vermont.

Oh, that's too bad.

You guys are off cycle right now?

We're not actively working right now.

But when we get back in in the fall, we will- Just consider it.

We'll knock it around.

If it doesn't stick, it doesn't stick.

But all I want- Sounds to me like you have an environment, bees are approaching, you hear the sound of the bees, and you have a lot of jokes and poems and lyrics.

Yeah.

Well, I think that's a good start.

You're heading towards something, you know what I mean?

Like that's going to be easy to tie.

The rest of it's window dressing.

Sure.

Yeah.

The characters, their motivations, what they want.

What the story is, what the show's about.

Sure.

Just end it with a hug and I think you're there.

Right.

Ending with a hug is crucial.

Um, like how X-Files ended with a hug.

Yeah.

Well, it's also, we have to go to a break, but how I would suggest ending this segment.

A hug?

We could all hug each other.

I'm into it.

What do you think?

Oh, Tim's zoning out again.

Tim is so out.

He is so- oh wait, now he's back?

A what?

A hug?

Yeah.

I thought we could all hug each other here.

Nah.

You're not into that?

What about you?

I would love it.

Lester?

I mean, any attention would be great.

Individual hugs.

Lester here would love a hug.

Okay.

I'm going to come out- Come out of- Do you mind if I- No, no, no, not at all. Oh, here you go. Oh, God.

Can we meet in the middle? Sort of like the St. Louis of this room?

Yeah, I'll come over here. I'll walk over here.

It's just, uh- Where? Here?

Oh.

Yeah.

Oh, that, yeah.

That's nice.

Perfect.

Wait! You- ow!

Sorry.

I just got pricked by something. What is going- I have, I have a couple bees on me.

You have bees on you?

Yeah, just in case you needed examples of what they were. I didn't know you were so up on them.

What are you doing with live bees in your pockets?

Just to show that they could be scary.

They are scary! They pricked me!

This is my third time!

Next time you do one of your big Hollywood projects, think- remember this- I'm raising the national average now!

Yeah, well, that's- yeah, it might- All because of you!

It might skew it. I'll have to call a bee statistician.

Okay, I gotta put some- what do you put on it? Butter or- I have no idea.

Red meat? What do you put- I don't even know.

Try some red meat.

EpiPen is what I use.

Do you have one?

In my car.

Okay, yeah, go down to your car. Don't go to Dantana's yet.

But I won't come back.

Wait! I want the EpiPen!

Okay, look, we need to take a break. We'll be right back.

Comedy bang bang, we're back here. Tim Heidecker, What the Broken Hearted Do, his album out now.

And we also have Lester Gale, who, during the break, just several- not only bees, but wasps flew out of your- The bees get lonely. I try to have some wasps.

But you are not advocating for wasps.

I do not speak for them.

But you just happen to keep them as friends to the bees?

The bees requested it, or they seemed happier when I have- They requested it?

I mean, just by their actions.

Okay.

So they seem like they want them around. But yeah, I just have some bees and wasps flying around.

Keep it in mind. Keep it in mind.

Well, it's very top of mind for me because I've been stung already.

Well, great. Maybe they'll be villains in one of your many Hollywood projects.

Okay. Well, let's get to our next guest. He is a cameraman, and this is his second time on the show. Please welcome back to the show Jack Furze.

Hey, Scott, how are you? Thank you so much.

I'm really good. How are you?

Well, I mean, I'm happy to be here. This is a great forum.

I'm happy you're here. This is Tim Heidecker.

Hi, Tim. Nice to meet you.

And this is Lester Gale. Be careful of the bees and the wasps.

Don't even worry about them.

All right. I'm glad Payback is in here. My dog Payback.

Oh, your dog Pay- Oh, yeah. We talked about your dog Payback.

Two dogs. Yeah.

Yeah. Payback and Justice.

Right.

And Payback loves to eat bees.

Loves to eat bees.

God, he's not here to.

Loves to eat bees.

Do they sting him on the way down or- No, they get stuck in his teeth.

So he never gets them down into his- Never gets them down. I think it frustrates him. I think he gets off on it. Quite frankly, he loves it.

Interesting. Wow. Okay. Wow. So, Jack, welcome back to the show. Let me catch people up.

You are a camera person at a local news station. Is that right?

That's right. I kind of bounce around from station to station.

You're like a nightcrawler in a way.

A little bit. Yeah. Yeah. Work nights.

KTLA, that kind of place?

I've done KTLA.

Yeah. Wow.

They're tough over there.

Yeah.

I'd love to go back to KTLA.

But they are tough in just their choosy with the footage?

They're choosy. They're kind of clicky. They love to razz.

Oh, really? They're razzing over there?

KTLA. Real pranksters.

Oh, interesting. Wow. So, but you go out there at night and capture footage that you try to sell to stations. And primarily, what kind of footage do you go out there and try to obtain?

Well, I get a lot of stuff with this guy, the Night Wolf.

We talked about him a little bit.

Oh, that's ringing a bell to me. Yeah. There's a... Describe the Night Wolf.

Yeah, we kind of touched on it for a second last time I was here. We didn't really fully explore it. But there's a guy out there calling himself the Night Wolf, or people have called him that. I don't know for sure. I don't know the guy, but he's out there kind of righting wrongs and cleaning up the city a little bit.

And you're out there trying to get footage of this guy.

Like Batman or something.

I suppose so. Yeah. I never put that together.

Oh, superhero. I know.

Yeah. I thought that you only knew about Superman.

Then this jogged my memory. I do know Batman as well.

Well, there was that Superman v Batman movie. So maybe that's why you were...

It was brought to your attention. So, yeah. So this Night Wolf character is out there and you've gotten footage of him? You've...

I have a little bit. I'm having a hard time getting a buyer for the footage. People don't seem to care about it, which shocks me and why I'm glad to be here.

Right.

Because...

Why are you here today?

Well, I'm trying to clear up some news or I guess fake news.

Hashtag fake news. Yeah. Make sure when you talk about this show, you hashtag it fake news.

CBB and...

CBD.

CBB.

So good.

Yeah. And Tim and Eric and what other hashtags... Lester, you got any hashtags you want?

MLB.

Yeah.

MLB. MLB's B-E-E-S.

Hashtag...

Major League B's.

Yeah. B's are the enemy.

B's are the enemy.

That'd be my favorite.

Okay. Great.

Hashtag blessed.

Oh, great. Yeah. Set life maybe. If you happen to be on a set and listening to this in your breaks.

Squad goals.

Yeah. Something like that.

Great.

Hashtag ad maybe. I don't know what...

If I was doing it and maybe advertising for the show, although this is... I'm the host of it, so I don't know if it's technically an ad, but yeah. Just to be safe, hashtag ad.

Yeah.

Why weren't you here again? What are we talking about?

Oh God, Scott. The rumor mill is swirling and I'd like to clear some stuff up.

Oh, okay.

About the Night Wolf?

Or about you?

You know what? There is stuff. It is more stuff about the Night Wolf, I suppose, now that you bring it up.

Okay. These are not rumors about you. You're just, of course, Jack Furs.

Yeah. I mean, there's some pranks about me that I'm not crazy about.

Well, from the KTLA gang.

KTLA gang is up too. And I don't like that.

Phew! Excuse me.

Wow. Live sneeze on the air.

Are you allergic to bees? Yeah, you are. Oh my God. I hope one hasn't stung you.

No.

If they do, keep it in mind.

No. If I get stung by a bee, I swell up.

Why didn't you bring the EpiPen up here?

I was just... I'm indoors. I'm not going to get stung by a bee.

But well, yeah. But now they're here. Yeah. If you run out at any time, I'm assuming a bee stung you.

I will be running out in very, very short...

Okay. I mean, it's good you got that EpiPen here.

Please continue.

People are saying that the Night Wolf has HPV.

Yeah.

What?

Yeah. It has been spray painted on buildings.

Oh yeah. I've seen this.

Yeah.

They're saying that... How would they know that the Night Wolf has HPV?

Now, I'm going to guess that it's because the Night Wolf has a bit of a gravelly voice.

And as a guy who also has a gravelly voice, I empathize and I don't appreciate that.

And I don't... I mean, yeah, I'm happy that...

You think people think that the Night Wolf has HPV because of a gravelly voice?

Is that a symptom of HPV?

Yeah. Kind of like the Michael Douglas thing.

Oh, when he supposedly got cancer from eating out... What's her name?

Yes.

Easy.

Sorry.

Yeah, I would have put it like that.

Do you mind if I ask you...

How would you put it?

Oral sex.

Jack, you'd say oral sex? What would you say, Jack?

Performing oral sex on his partner.

I would say eating that thing.

It would be even worse.

I don't know. This was a morning zoo show.

I would say carpet bagging. That's the phrase that I like to use.

Oh, okay.

Oh, an older town.

Going down south.

Yeah.

Going down south.

Yeah, you're...

A muff muncher would be the more appropriate...

Oh, that's...

Munching muff.

Right.

Yeah, that's what I would say on set or something to keep it clean.

Right.

But still, I don't like the rumor mill swirling about a guy...

Mmm-hmm.

...who's trying to do good.

Right. So do you think that this was someone with whom the Nightwolf was intimately acquainted?

Or is this just rumor mills because of the voice?

Yeah, I think it's because of the voice.

I mean, I don't know what the Nightwolf's love life is like.

If it's anything like mine, it's not great.

Oh, really? Yours is not good, huh?

Oh, man.

I'm single again.

Why aren't you going out on a lot of dates?

I keep going and they keep ending kind of tragically to me.

In what way? What do you mean?

Well, a lot of my exes are dead.

What?

Yeah.

Gosh. Oh my god, this is like a Mickey Rooney situation.

Didn't all of his ex-wives die or something? I mean, I guess everyone dies.

Yeah, everybody does die. That's the one truth that we do know.

Yeah, well, taxes. Taxes as well.

Taxes, yeah.

I thought it was death in Texas.

Oh, dude.

Death in Texas.

Maybe it is.

Yeah, maybe there's other two inevitable things.

Two inevitable things.

Right.

Yeah.

So big.

How are- It's huge.

How are your- the women you've been dating, how are they dying?

Or marrying in some cases.

You've married some of these? How many times have you been married?

Several.

Oh, okay. Yeah.

Yeah.

More than one.

How do they- is it natural causes or- No, all mysterious. It's a lot of crime related.

Really?

Yeah.

Well, I hope that Nightwolf doesn't get involved because the rumor I hear about this guy is he's ineffectual and causing more trouble than good.

Okay, well, I don't think that's the case.

I mean, that's just what I've heard.

All right.

I've heard he's- And that's why I'm here. Because he doesn't do that. He's actually, like, doing good stuff.

Oh, so you're an advocate for Nightwolf.

Yeah, that's right. I'm an advocate for- Not as a bad guy. So you have to- now we have to fully finish that sentence with the advocate thing now. You're an advocate for the Nightwolf in a good sense.

As being a good guy.

Mm-hmm.

Right.

Which he is.

And why do you care about the Nightwolf? I mean, what affects him?

What has he had upon your life?

I don't know. I think he's just a good guy.

Right. When did he pop up again?

When did he pop up?

Yeah.

Shortly after I moved to the city. Maybe, like, a month or two after that.

I've read a little bit about the Nightwolf, and to me, this is a classic toxic narcissist. Makes it about him, doesn't do any good, makes things worse.

I've started to sour on the Nightwolf. I remember we briefly touched on him the last time you were on the show.

Right. Yeah, we barely even mentioned very shallow- Cursory, cursory conversation about him.

Yeah, we kind of talked in passing.

But I thought about it, I went home and thought about it, and I read up a little bit about him.

And I kind of think that we shouldn't be taking the law into our own hands, and that's what the Nightwolf does. And no matter... And I don't know why the Nightwolf does what he does.

I could tell why.

Why?

Small dick.

Yeah.

No doubt about it. Small dick. He's out there trying to compensate.

I've seen that spray painted on some walls. Also not true.

I mean, I feel like I'm at KTLA right now.

We don't mean to make it like a KTLA situation.

We're not that funny, are we?

No. How would you know about the size of the Nightwolf's penis? I mean- I mean, you can tell that guy's walking around. I mean, the way he moves.

I haven't seen him.

He does a lot of martial arts.

Yes.

Do you have footage of him or something?

I do have footage and he moves well. Yeah, he's definitely studied.

He performs a certain type of martial arts.

Wolf Jutsu.

Wolf Jutsu, right.

And what is it that you do in your spare time?

I'm also a wolf jutsu guy and that's how I know to respect his moves.

Wait, can I ask you a pointed question?

And just when you're up straight, are you the Nightwolf?

What?

No, that's crazy. It's ridiculous.

I don't know. You understand why I'm jumping to that conclusion.

Take him back across the street to KTLA, okay? This is not his kind of show.

You seem very defensive of the guy. Your wife's have disappeared. I mean, putting some- They haven't disappeared. I know where they are.

I know Sherlock Holmes, but it's sort of- Tim, this is funny. You're being funny, but you're here promoting music. You're not a comedian today.

Now, do you like Sherlock Holmes because of that B-movie?

Can I ask you- Yeah, that's right.

Can I get a straight answer though? Are you the Nightwolf, yes or no?

No, no, I'm not. No, I'm flattered. I'm flattered like hell that you think that.

Yeah, I wouldn't be if I were you. I think a lot of the crimes that the Nightwolf is credited with breaking up wouldn't even have happened if there weren't a Nightwolf.

I think this guy attracts similar types of narcissists.

He's exacerbating the situation.

He's the arsonist and the firefighter.

Correct, yeah.

Yeah.

Okay, and yeah, that seems to be the popular opinion.

Very popular.

Yeah, it's very popular and there's a lot of online forums about it.

I saw a story about it on KTLA last night.

Yeah.

And they were- Yeah, that was my footage.

It was like a takedown of the guy.

Yeah, I don't appreciate what they- I finally sold some of my footage and they do that. They do that and I don't like it and they call me scab over there.

They call you scab? Oh, did you cross a picket line?

I did. That's a shame.

That's just- Well, you know, it's a gray area. What do I do?

It's not really a gray area.

It's a gray area.

You shouldn't be crossing picket lines.

That's a real Nightwolf move to break the rules for your own benefit.

That's the thing. Nightwolf, it seems to be like- He'd be a scab.

He'd be a scab.

He'd be an anti-union guy.

Like if there were a union, like a Justice League or something like that.

No way.

You know, I bet he's the kind of guy who if they all decided, like Wonder Woman and Superman and Batman, they were all like, you know, we're not- Oh, I know Batman.

And Superman.

I don't know what Wonder Woman is.

If they were all to be like, hey, we're not going to solve any crimes anymore until the president like, you know, gives us a new hall of justice or something like that.

I bet you're the kind of guy who'd call up the president and be like, hey, I- You said you're, but you mean Nightwolf.

I guess I mean Nightwolf.

Yeah.

Okay. Yeah. I am not. And I have no connection with him other than I get footage of him and I- How do you get all this footage of him?

I'm just a hell of a camera man. I mean, I'll pat myself on the back.

How do you happen to know where he's going to be to perform all these jiu-jitsu, wolf jiu-jitsu, sorry.

Yeah. I just go to the rough part of town. You know, I just go wherever I sniff out some crime and, you know, pay back justice.

So you're sniffing out crime much like Nightwolf is, I would imagine.

I suppose so. Yeah. He does have- Can I ask you a question? Yes or no question.

Okay.

Do you use, in your camera work capturing Nightwolf, do you use a tripod?

Uh, that's a yes.

Interesting.

Good question.

Do you find this- I've got tripods. I've got, uh- It's a locked off shot.

Because when I've seen footage of the Nightwolf, the camera doesn't move. The camera is locked off.

Is that your style? Is that what, how did you get interested in that style of camera work?

Oh, Kubrick.

Oh, he would do a lot of tripod stuff.

Yeah.

I suppose to him more with a moving camera, actually. I think if Kubrick is more of a- Oh no, he was a big tripod guy.

Really? Oh, wow.

He would just, I have a friend who was on his last movie.

He was in the orgy. He was the guy with the mask who was naked.

Oh, love that guy.

He's so good.

He would say, like, Kubrick would get there at the start of the day.

Okay.

And he'd say like, who has the tripod today?

Okay.

And it would be a different guy every single day.

Interesting.

And he would just put the camera down on it and he would like go to lunch.

Just leave.

Yeah, he would just leave and go, do what you guys are going to do.

Sometimes it's knowing what not to do that makes you great.

Yeah.

I saw recent footage of the Night Wolf and it was a locked off shot and I thought there was a lot of unnecessary Wolf Jitsu moves being done for no reason that I could see.

Yeah, there wasn't an antagonist there.

The guy was knocked out and he's still going through all these moves and I'm like, this guy's full of himself.

Oh, there's a little razzle dazzle to his game. I'll give him that.

You'll give him that.

But that's part of it, you know? You, you, slight of hand, you hypnotize him a little bit with the moves and then you go in there for the takedown.

Criminal was unconscious and there was an extended post takedown karate move.

It was like an end zone celebration.

Yeah. And he was like making sound effects like going, like making noises.

And then he howled at the moon excessively, which, you know, I don't mind the trademark howl at the moon that Night Wolf in the footage that you've captured.

Yeah, it's his trademark.

But doing it to that extent, you know, where it just seemed like.

Throw your back into it and it's a bit long.

It's a little like when you're watching Saturday Night Live and they're like, you know, they're doing catchphrases.

Excessively.

Yeah.

Well, yeah.

Whether you are or not, whatever it is, I wish you the best.

I wish Night Wolf the best.

And that doesn't, either way, either way, it doesn't matter.

I'll pass it along.

Yeah, please.

You'll pass it along. You know how to get a message to Night Wolf?

I've, I've got some.

Trapped him.

I mean, I don't call it a trap. Yeah.

I just, it's a mere question.

If there was a $250,000 reward for Night Wolf and all the work he's done or not a reward.

A reward going to Night Wolf.

Yeah.

A bonus.

An award, I should say.

Right. A reward would be for information leading to the capture of Night Wolf.

Would you be comfortable accepting that?

It, yeah.

On his behalf and giving it to him?

Yeah, I would take it to him.

Okay, now what?

I mean, if it would help Night Wolf, sure.

And I'm sure he needs help.

Conversely, if there were a reward for information leading to his capture, which I think there is one, I was seeing that KTLA program last night.

KTLA is offering a reward.

KTLA.

Would you like to collect that reward?

I mean, it seems like you know how to figure out where he is.

I mean, yeah, if I could help maybe lead to someone finding him, maybe it would pan out.

Maybe it wouldn't.

Right. Well, that would be some money in your pocket.

There you go.

Also, the last time I saw Night Wolf, it looked like he's putting on weight.

Okay.

The recent footage, it looks like he's letting himself go.

I don't know how old he is.

Maybe that's just where he's at in his life.

Maybe he's not doing enough wolf jitsu.

Right. Or maybe just like that helps with, you know, having a little more body fat is actually better for you.

Athletes, and you know this, you're a baseball guy.

Well, maybe Night Wolf's about getting ready to go into hibernation.

Oh yeah, that's a good point.

He sure looks like it.

He looks like he's ready to settle down for like eight or nine months.

I hope he does because he's out there just being a nuisance to the city.

I mean, he's no good.

Yeah.

Night Wolf is no good.

We all agree he's no good, right?

Tim? You agree Night Wolf is no good?

Yeah, sure.

Yeah.

I'm wherever you are on this.

You have a little more research done on it.

I'll defer to you.

Okay. Thank you so much.

Okay. I'm going to be honest.

I have a big thing to announce.

I'm going to be honest here.

Oh, Jack, what's up?

I got to confess something.

Oh my gosh.

Wow.

What is it?

All right.

I'm the evening hound.

What?

That's right.

I'm not the Night Wolf.

Okay.

I'm a different guy.

So see, I just want to clear it up once and for all.

I am not the Night Wolf.

Okay.

Well, listen, this seems like it's going to take a little while to get through.

So I wish you all the best.

Thanks for having me.

You're leaving in the middle.

You just after this big confession?

Yeah.

I hope things go well for you.

This is a bombshell.

So yeah, I know I'll listen to the show.

You'll listen back?

Caught up.

Yeah.

Give us a call once you've listened and we'll put it at the end of the episode.

Would love to do that.

I'll try to make that work.

Yeah, that would be great.

Tim, thanks.

Yeah.

Good luck to you and all the things you guys are going on.

Thank you so much, Tim.

Good luck with your camera work and good luck with your bees.

Thank you.

Appreciate it.

Yeah.

Thank you, Tim.

Good luck with your music stuff.

Yeah.

You're going to miss plugs.

We're not going to be able to talk about the record.

Well, we plugged it enough.

You think we plugged it enough?

I think we go.

Yeah.

Well, just plug it.

I don't need to be here for that.

All right.

We'll plug it.

Good.

Guys, got to get to Dantanis.

Don't let the bees out.

Please let the bees out.

Let the bees out.

Oh, God.

Wow.

So you're wait, who?

You're the evening.

Right.

Yeah.

Different guy completely.

So I never had this guy.

Why would I confess to being this guy if I was the night wolf?

Wait, I've never heard of the evening.

Heard of the evening.

And what do you do?

What's your started?

I'm just.

Why would you do something like this?

You're a vigilante as well.

No, no, not at all.

Like, I'm actually just helping out the city, you know.

So you're a civic vigilante.

What are you doing?

Like repairing things or repairing everything?

I don't think there's such thing as the evening.

And I've honestly the night wolf.

I've seen Nightwolf.

I've seen a fairly static tripod footage of him.

I presume that's been shot by you.

I mean, so much of it out there now.

It's not all me, but a lot of it.

But I've never seen any kind of footage of the evening hound.

I guess it would be hard for you to take footage of yourself.

I do stuff on myself.

Yeah, that's a good.

There's no tripod out there that good.

I guess so.

So I'm not like, let's stop in the comparisons right now between me and this small dicked overweight guy with diseases and stuff.

Okay.

I'm not that guy that's fucking the city up.

I'm not that guy.

Okay.

I guess you're not, but I just.

All right.

No, I'm this other guy and I'm actually doing good stuff and I'm fixing things.

I actually never thought even considered that you would be the night wolf.

Yeah, I never entered my head.

I didn't even think the night wolf had a secret identity.

I just thought it was a guy who's night wolf 24 seven.

I just thought it was some old sad person who's like trying to hold onto something.

All right.

Yeah.

Okay.

Well, you seem like somebody's got stuff going on, you know?

Yeah.

Like, I mean, I know you haven't been dating a lot, but you have a burgeoning film career.

I've got a, I've got a few films in the works.

Oh really?

Yeah.

Narratives.

Yeah.

Kind of a mix, mix of real footage.

Pitch, pitch us one.

What is this film?

Okay.

Yeah.

It's about me.

It's about my relationships.

How dark the city gets, what we could do to fix it up.

Kind of like a docudrama.

Sounds like Taxi Driver, but from the point of view of Travis Bickles.

Oh yeah.

What do you think Travis or Taxi Driver, whose point of view do you think that was in?

Oh, I thought it was from Peter Boyle, the wizard guy.

I think that he's the central character of that movie.

The guy who's the fellow taxi driver.

Do you not think taxi driver's about wizard?

I'd always presumed that it was through the POV of Travis.

De Niro to me is a very side character in Taxi Driver.

Yeah.

It's kind of a story.

I forgot he was in it.

Well, he's just, I mean, they're trying to make money.

Right.

He became famous after.

Why did you become the evening hound?

Just to do well.

But what sparked this interest?

I just felt like there was a lot of, I wanted to clear the air a little bit.

Because people were regarding what?

You know, regarding me, where I fell in this whole thing.

So you became the evening hound to clear the air regarding you.

And to fix up the city a little bit, fix up some potholes.

Was there an event in your life that sparked this?

Yeah.

A sad event I got into a car accident.

Oh no.

And yeah.

Yeah.

I hate to bum everybody out.

Oh my God.

I wish Tim were here to hear this.

He would have been riveted.

Yeah.

I'm sorry I scared.

And can I just apologize right now?

Sorry, I scared Tim off.

He's obviously a coward who I got to tell you at the mere mention of the Night Wolf.

He took off.

He, the fear in his eyes.

Yeah.

I think he might be like some sort of like criminal or something.

I picked up on that.

The Night Wolf, I will say is a nuisance, but he does.

He's trying to go after crime.

Yeah.

He does at least inspire fear in.

I do think he creates the crime that he stops, but I think in his mind he's doing good.

I think, you know what?

I mean, I think we were a little harsh on the Night Wolf.

I think, because I think that he was, he's okay.

I think, you know, come to think of it, come to think of it, he's a good guy.

It's easy to criticize those who are, it's easy to sit back and criticize someone else who takes action.

I mean, we're just, we're two guys.

What right do we have to criticize the Night Wolf?

I can't do any jitsu moves of any of the jitsu genres.

He's good at it.

Even, you know, even though he's gained a couple of pounds.

And you know, he hasn't gained, it looked to be, when you said that, I was like in muscle.

Yeah.

He's gained weight.

He might've just bulked up.

Sometimes you bulk up, you get a little thick in the trunk, but that's really just like a sheet of muscle.

Your whole body is expanding.

Yeah.

I think that's what's happening with him.

Yeah.

He's actually pretty good.

I like the Night Wolf.

I think KTLA is too hard on him.

KTLA is, yeah, they're not, they're not.

If he were here right now, I would probably like man up, apologize and shake his hand.

I would have to eat a little crow, have a little side of crow.

Hey, I'll have a whole meal of crow.

I'm not going to have a side.

You know what?

I, I, I went too, went too hard.

Cause you're trying, you're, you're at least trying to do good.

Maybe even are doing good.

But he's not here.

But we have the evening hound here.

And he does look like he's got a pretty big hog.

He's slinging around.

I gotta say like, uh, I wish I had that kind of, uh, Night Wolf Jr.

going on.

Extra wide steps that he takes.

He spreads his legs real wide when he walks.

Yeah.

It must be a pain to walk like that, but it's a pain to cross.

I'm sure it's actually tough.

I'm sure it's actually tough to be like that.

Well, I'm sure you wouldn't know you're just the evening hound.

The evening hound, yeah.

Walking around doing like anti-littering stuff.

Right.

Yeah.

It's a lot of anti-literary stuff.

Dogs payback in justice.

Does anyone even appreciate what you do or notice it the next day or?

I've never heard of this person.

I've never heard of you.

Nobody's heard of it.

Maybe it's better that way.

All right.

I don't think so.

I think maybe it's fine.

Yeah.

I don't know.

You're no, evening hound's no Night Wolf.

I guess with a Night Wolf around evening hound's got to, you gotta feel pretty insecure.

Although at night there are no shadows.

So it's like, what is even the evening hound doing if he can't be a Night Wolf shadow?

If you're a shadow at night, you're nothing.

Yeah.

You're nothing.

That's true.

Okay.

Yeah.

You okay?

No, no, no, I'm fine.

I'm sorry if we're being rough on you.

No, it's.

What do you have going on?

I mean, you obviously have the two careers.

You have the camera person by night, I guess.

And also because all of your footage is shot at night of the Night Wolf.

So when are you doing the evening hound?

Are you doing that during the day?

That's a daytime thing.

The evening hound is like an afternoon guy.

See, this is the problem.

He's badly branded.

Well, he does mostly.

I mean, if you want to clean up and do roadwork and stuff, I don't have lighting.

And yeah.

Are you just like doing community service for some reason?

I'm doing community service.

So you dressed up as a guy called the evening hound.

What is your, what is your outfit?

Is it like an orange vest?

It's an orange vest.

It's a, it's a hard hat and it's a little.

Like trash picker.

It depends where the city puts me to be honest with you.

You're working for the city.

You're part of the system.

I'm working a thing off.

Do you write down evening hound on your slip?

How many hours in are you?

Oh God, I got so many hours left before I'm in the clear.

What happened?

Why did you start this?

Oh, I got caught on somebody's property.

Doing what?

They slapped me.

You know, just trying to do my job.

What job, the camera man?

The camera man.

You were following the Night Wolf around?

Yeah, I was following the Night Wolf around.

I got caught in somebody's property and they called the police and they tased me and I got locked up.

That's pretty humiliating.

Oh man.

And they kind of threw the book and I had to beg for mercy in front of the judge.

Oh my God.

And he made me do.

Humiliating.

A thousand hours of community service.

So many, so many hours.

Oh my God.

He's trying to make a point.

He's making an example out of it.

So now I call yourself the evening hound when you do it.

Oh, now I'm the evening hound and I spend most of my afternoons picking up litter around the park.

Okay.

And yeah.

It sounds, I mean, you're a grown man.

That sounds embarrassing.

I get, I feel bad.

I don't know why you want credit for this.

You're paying off your debt to society.

Right.

I'm doing, I'm giving back.

Your confession seemed really big at the time, but now you're just letting us know that you've been doing community service for the city.

Yeah.

As an alias that nobody's heard of.

Right.

And I want to keep it that way.

I mean, maybe I shouldn't have brought it up.

I don't think you should have.

I don't think anyone's going to notice.

I just wanted to get the spotlight off of me.

All right.

Well, Jack, I feel bad for you, but you know, you deserve this kind of treatment, you know?

I mean, don't feel bad for me.

Things are turning around for me and this city.

In what way?

Which I love.

You love this city.

You just moved here.

I'm cleaning it up.

You just moved here whenever the, like, shortly before the Nightwolf.

Right before the Nightwolf.

Yeah.

So why do you- We should compare notes about, like, our favorite places.

Why do you love it so much?

It seems like there's so much tragedy has occurred here.

Yeah.

All in the poor parts of town.

Like, you should love the outskirts a little more, like the valley and stuff.

Oh yeah, I guess that's right.

Yeah.

Just move to a safer, the suburbs or something.

It's cool.

There's really nice areas around.

Yeah.

I mean, but what would I do?

How would I keep myself busy?

Well, I guess- I mean, I'm just settled.

You know, I'm settled in.

It's tough to move.

You have to commute a little bit more to the poor parts of town.

And that sucks.

I don't have a car.

Oh, you don't?

No.

How do you get around?

Scooter.

Wow.

Scooter.

Do you have a name for it?

Oh yeah, yeah, yeah.

The Nightwolfmobile.

You call your scooter the Nightwolfmobile.

All right.

Look, we do.

We're running out of time.

We just have one final feature on the show and that's a little something called plugs.

All right, guys.

That's all we have time for other than our very last feature on the show.

A little something we call plugs.

Plugs.

I like to plug.

Plug.

Plugs.

I like to- I like to- Plug.

Plug.

I like to plug.

This is a good song.

I love you.

Plug.

I like to- I like to- I like to- Plug.

Plug.

Wow.

That's a famous drum break underneath that.

What is it?

I think it's the Amen break.

Oh, interesting.

Well, it's called Amen Plugs.

Oh, that's- What is the Amen break?

It's like the sum from early 1970s soul record or something that got used a ton in hip hop.

Public Enemy probably used it a lot.

Yeah, like JZ.

I think it's famously used all the time.

Oh, that was Amen Plugs by Blind Mouths.

Thank you to Blind Mouths.

All right, what are we plugging?

Obviously, Tim left early, so we're not gonna- Yeah, we totally unplugged this thing, but I can't even remember what it was.

Can't even remember what it is.

Let's move on.

Lester, what are you- Well, I got a friend named Will Hines.

He's got a podcast.

He's a friend of yours?

Yeah, yeah.

Interesting.

Where do you know him from?

How is that interesting?

Just around.

I'm a big internet hound.

Usually people who have the same job tend to hang out with each other.

Oh, yeah.

We have totally different lifestyles.

Yeah.

He's not a bee guy.

Not that I know of, yeah.

I don't think he knows a thing about them, actually.

Yeah.

I think if he asked him to talk for a while about bees, I'd be like, don't do it because you're gonna run out and stump him.

Really?

He didn't even do the remedial- Would he pivot to lumberjack?

I don't think he would have a lot of info ready to go.

I mean, from what I know of Will, I don't think bees are his thing.

I don't think so.

He'd immediately go to a different career altogether.

I think that would be something he would abandon early in a conversation.

Not like you.

Not like me.

I'm all about bees, and I'm 100% knowledgeable.

Yeah, Will's a friend of mine.

I don't even know where I met him.

Probably like some kind of social somewhere.

Universal Studios, maybe.

Probably Universal Studios horror nights.

Maybe a B-movie, a screening or something.

Yeah, maybe.

Like he's in the movies.

Yeah, yeah.

He's an actor.

Maybe a B-movie.

Yeah.

Maybe the B-movie or just a B-grade movie.

Right.

He's got a podcast called Screw It.

We're just gonna talk about comics, which he and his brother talk about old comic books.

And if you're that kind of nerd, you might like it.

Okay.

That's what I'd like to plug.

Wow, that's a good show.

I believe I was on it once.

Yeah, you were.

You talked about Spider-Man.

I did.

Great episode.

By the way, I have a new comic coming out, and Marvel Comics 1001.

I do a one-page story in that.

Oh, great.

I love your stories.

With a lot of incredible...

Will turned me on to the stuff you did, and I love it.

Oh, great.

Can you say what this one's about?

The aforementioned character that you were talking about, it deals with him.

Okay, yes.

Sherlock Holmes.

And I, in fact, tried to get our mutual friend Will to write a story for it.

Oh, yeah.

Didn't go anywhere.

They passed.

They passed, yeah.

Oh, man.

I didn't mention him by name.

I just said I know some other people.

Oh, yeah, yeah.

You did a real hard sell there.

Well, that's nice that you brought him up.

But I look forward to reading that.

Okay, great.

And Jack Furze, what do you plug in?

Yeah, I'm listening to this podcast called Action Boys on Patreon, and it's been great.

It's a lot of fun.

I had nothing to do with it.

That's with a mutual friend of mine, John Gabrus, right?

John Gabrus does that.

Yeah.

Okay.

And Ben Rogers does that, too.

Uh-huh, yeah, yeah.

He does some stuff on there.

Do you guys ever do the killer...

You know if those guys ever did the killer bees movies?

They haven't, no.

That would fit...

That would maybe could fit in there, Sean?

Maybe, maybe not enough action.

I mean, usually you do a bees movie because you can't afford any action.

Yeah, yeah.

It's just people like, you know...

Ah!

Yeah.

That's running around.

...some weird, run-scoped bees.

That's running around.

Well, that's great.

So listen to that show.

I want to plug...

Hey, we're doing a tour.

We're going out on tour.

Paul F. Tompkins, Lauren Lapkus, and me for the comedy Bang Bang.

We're doing a brief tour, but we're adding days.

And in fact, St. Paul, Minnesota, sold out in just a couple of days.

So we're adding a show.

So we are going to be out there.

The one that's sold out is Friday, September 6th, but we added a show on Saturday, September 7th.

So tickets for that are now on sale, so you can get those.

And then tickets for our previously announced dates.

August 21st in Medford, Massachusetts.

August 22nd in Providence, Rhode Island.

August 23rd in New Haven, Connecticut.

September 5th in Kansas City, Missouri.

Of course, the St. Paul, Minnesota date that we just added.

And we're going to be adding a few cities here and there along the way.

So stay tuned to not only this show, but my Twitter for information about that.

All right, let's close up the old plug bag.

Close your eyes and open up that bag.

You gotta get those eyes closed.

Get them, get them, get them, get them, get them.

Don't be closing, don't be closing.

Open them up and let's get loaded.

Let's get loaded.

Open up the bag.

Let's get loaded up the bag.

Open up that motherfucking bag.

Open up the bag.

All right, guys, I want to thank you so much.

No thanks to our guests who left because, you know, if you were here, I would thank them certainly, but had to get there to Dan Tana's.

But I do want to thank Lester Gale.

So fascinating hearing the breadth of your knowledge about bees.

Well, I really appreciate a chance.

We didn't have time to really get to all of it, but I appreciate a chance to get some of it out there.

Great.

And thank you, Jack Firs.

Good luck.

I mean, what are you doing here during the day?

We're taping this during the day.

Oh my God.

I haven't even I stopped wearing a watch.

You thought it was night?

I am going to be late.

Oh, community service.

No, tack on more hours.

No, this evening.

How does it going to be out there forever?

Yeah.

Oh my gosh.

Ow.

Sorry, I'll get those guys.

I'll get those guys.

God, they turned angry.

These guys are great.

Just keep that in mind.

They're in my nose.

Oh no.

All right, we'll see you next time.

Thanks.

Bye.

Ah.
