---
layout: page
title: 609. Andy Richter, Lily Sullivan, Oscar Montoya [https：⧸⧸cloudfront.wolfpub.io⧸CBB-609-20190617-MontoyaSullivanRichter-SKv02-PW.mp3].mp3.wav
category: cbb 
---

♪ Comedy Bang Bang ♪ Measure twice, cut once, congrats, it's a boy.

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

Ah, thank you to Andrew Paulson.

Finally, a nice normal name.

It's none of this like Captain Fartbreath or anything like that.

Just puts his regular Christian name onto the message board.

Thank you so much, Mr. Paulson.

A wonderful catchphrase submission.

Don't think it's gonna stick though.

Not that fond of it.

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang for another week.

And this is incredible.

We're in the, this is hump month of the year.

We're halfway through the year.

And so everyone's fucking in July.

And our guests coming up, I'm sure, are no exception.

We'll ask each of them if they're fucking this month.

Scott Aukerman here.

Welcome to the show.

We have a great show.

Coming up a little later, we have a caterer.

Okay, we'll learn all about the food profession.

And an influencer.

Oh, this is the, I don't know that we've ever had an influencer on the show.

So perhaps we'll get some tips on how to influence people into doing what you're bidding, I guess, is what the influencer.

It doesn't speak well for your show that you've never had anyone of any influence.

In 10 years, no one has ever been able to influence anyone, to buy anything, to go see a show, to buy a record.

It's almost kind of, yeah, it's almost astounding.

You've been on the show, and by the way, I'll introduce you in a second.

Okay.

You've been on the show 10, 15 times.

I've never influenced a goddamn thing.

No one has ever checked out one of your programs?

Not a goddamn thing.

That's too bad.

I'm, the only thing lately that's really been good is I was named Biggest Show Biz Failure.

Oh really?

Oh, congrats.

By Show Biz Failure magazine.

Oh, that's a magazine.

Which is out of business.

Was there an awards ceremony?

The Failies?

No, no, no, nobody could afford any of it.

Oh, yeah.

In fact, I just knew it because somebody told me.

Who was it that told you?

Conan?

I was at a coffee shop.

Just some guy.

He, speaking of Conan, he is on the show called Conan.

Yes.

Starring the titular.

Coincidentally.

The titular Conan O'Brien.

Yeah.

Do you call him titular when you see him?

Hey, titular.

I rub him titular.

He, a wonderful guest of this program, been a wonderful friend to it.

And he has his own podcast, which is competition, I guess.

This is me.

You're talking about me.

You're not talking about Conan O'Brien.

No, no, no, who cares?

He's not been a wonderful friend to this program.

He was a friend once to the program.

He was a begrudging participant.

I believe it was in his contract he had to do several podcasts.

He's like, wait, I'm getting one of these things and this is what it is?

Ew.

But what I do have to say is you've been on the show 10 or 15 times before you had your own show.

So thank you so much.

Oh, you're welcome.

And the show is called The Three Questions with the titular Andy Richter.

It is true.

And please welcome the titular Andy Richter.

Thank you.

No, I like to say, hi, it's Andy Richter.

You're listening to The Three Questions with Andy Richter because I just like to say my name.

You like to say your name.

And so you- One time, I'll say this.

One time.

No, no, I just want to say this because I always think of this when it comes to repeating names.

One time, Max Weinberg was on a daytime television show back in the early 90s.

This is before Conan, the Conan show?

No, no, it was right at the beginning, right at the beginning of the Conan show.

And he was on some daytime show for something, but his lower third, you know, his title on it thing, it said Max Weinberg of Max Weinberg and the Max Weinberg Seven.

Three mentions!

He managed to get his name three times underneath his own face.

That's a, what, the skill involved in that?

Unbelievable. Amazing.

Really, truly something.

So you could be Andy Richter of just three questions and Andy Richter.

Right, well, I mean, I would be like, you know, maybe if I would be like the Andy Richter experience is whatever I called whenever I went anywhere.

I could be Andy Richter of the Andy Richter experience and the Andy Richter experience podcast.

Right, or Andy Richter of Andy Richter's the Andy Richter experience. But it's still not as elegant if you're the bandleader of a band that you've named after yourself.

Oh my God.

Max Weinberg and the Max Weinberg Seven.

Do you think he ever tried to get Bruce Springsteen to name his band after him?

Bruce Springsteen and the Max Weinberg Seven.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Or just, you know, just Mighty Max.

The band would just be Mighty Max.

Just the Mighty Max. Take it to the max.

Right, when they just did songs about trucks for children.

Mighty Max.

Well, we're enjoying the Andy Richter experience right now.

Oh, thank you.

And we have for 10 years, you've been a wonderful guest to the show.

And I love you.

I like your wife better than I like you.

I understand that.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Everyone does.

It happens.

I do.

It happens.

I do.

Women are much more likable, honestly.

Well.

They talk about feelings.

Yeah, that's true.

They're not just about bits and jokes.

Yeah, that's, we have a bit heavy, excuse me.

Oh boy, it looks like I struck a nerve.

I struck a phlegm nerve.

Yeah, we are.

Well, you must understand.

Here's the issue with that, Andy.

I thought we had a nice time at the Super Bowl a year and a half ago.

Yes.

When you came over to my house, and then I haven't seen hide nor hair.

Yes, you have.

Oh no, we went to the Dodger game.

We went to the Dodger game, and I also was just there for your wife's birthday party.

You were, and I barely saw you.

I saw you from across the room, and I said, Andy's here, and I have to go over and talk to him.

And then by the time I, it was a very crowded room.

It was very crowded, and I actually did stay for a decent amount of time.

Right, I never made it over to you.

Yeah, yeah.

Yeah, but always.

It was a weird night because it was kind of, I'm going through a divorce, and it was like, Oh, okay.

Sorry to bring that up.

I don't know whether this is what we should be talking about.

I don't want to take sides in this.

Too late!

Kevin, we got to have Sarah on the show next week.

No, it was like one of my first nights out with a lot of people post divorce, like my first social night.

So I had to sort of do the how's it go.

I was, I kept.

Right, the how's it going tour.

Yeah, I was workshopping my one man show about my divorce.

How's it going with Andy Richter?

Andy Richter's How's it Going with Andy Richter.

Yeah, yeah.

Oh, it's real sad and hard.

Anyway, next.

Well, go more into that.

How sad is it?

Do you want to talk about this on the show?

It's pretty fucking awful.

I'm sorry.

Well, God forbid that happens to any other human being.

Yeah, yeah.

It's until the end of time.

I hope you're the last one.

I am.

I wanted to workshop my one man show about divorce before I took it to you.

Cause I know, I know what a task maker you can be.

I know the pressure on you to make it funny.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Look, I've got to get this thing better before I take it in front of Ockerman.

How long do you think you could do?

Could you do 45 minutes?

Could you do?

About divorce?

Yeah.

Absolutely.

Yeah, at this point you could do 45?

Yeah, absolutely.

This has been like the most remarkable, unique five months, six months, seven months.

Well, it's a massive life change.

So I can't, I mean, honestly, yeah, no, I could, I could, but it's a different show than this show.

Right, sure.

Yeah, yeah.

It's pretty profound.

What do I look forward to?

We were married for 25 years and we're taking it apart.

And it's, yeah, no, it's all kind.

I call it a graduate school and grownup.

Wow.

Because like, I do feel like now, if you have any bad news to give to somebody, I can give it.

Somebody doesn't have two weeks to live.

I'll fucking tell them.

I've been, I've said, I've said the most uncomfortable shit I can even imagine in the last few months.

Tell me that I only have two weeks to live.

Scott, I'm sorry, but the tests have come back.

Oh, great.

Yeah, yeah.

Oh, awesome.

So they're totally clear, totally fine?

No, I'm sorry, it's not good.

It's not good.

What's not good about it?

The smudges on the results?

You can't read them?

No, no, no.

You have, you have dick cancer.

You have the worst case of dick cancer that we've ever seen.

All flowing through my dick?

All through your dick.

It's just located in your dick.

And I'm afraid you only have two weeks left.

Two weeks left of my dick?

Your dick will kill you in two weeks.

Should I chop my dick off?

No, no, no, it's too late now.

It's too late to chop my dick off?

Well, you could, but there'd be no point.

Go ahead, just do it for me.

The cancer is already crawling up through your peephole.

That's fine, just chop my dick off.

Here, I can't do it, here.

It's crawling up through your peephole directly into your heart.

Here's the cleaver I keep in case that I need to chop my dick off.

Here, you take it.

I always wondered what that was for, even though it said, in case of dick needs chopping off.

Just do it, just do it.

All right.

Oh, god.

Chop.

Uh-oh, I got a little bit of FUPA in there too, I'm sorry.

Well, Andy, I think there is no better time to, in your life, when you're in a reflective mood than to start a podcast.

That's right.

Tell me about what, yes.

People have been saying Team Richter, as I like to call them.

The, uh, yeah, they.

People haven't been saying Team Richter.

Because I'm not going to say that in regards to the situation.

I say it, it's all the people that get a percentage of, you know, that get the, yeah.

The income, yeah.

They all get a slice of the shit pie.

And they love it.

No, Team Richter would say, like, podcast, you should do a podcast.

And I was like, I mean, my experience with podcasts was mostly this show.

So I was like, no one listens to those.

What's the point of that?

You know, it's such a dead end business.

It's a dead end thing.

And the hosts, always terrible.

Yeah, always terrible.

Contrary, unbelievably contrary, for no reason.

Is that what podcasts are?

Just people who are contrary?

Because you can do that.

Yeah, I can do that.

Or can I?

See there, I just did it.

But no, they kept saying.

And then finally, I was like, you know, I don't know.

However many months ago, I was like, you know, I think I will do a podcast.

About five when that divorce happened?

No, no.

It was before that.

But I was like, I mean, I was already kind of in the mood, in the mindset of saying yes to things that I might not normally say yes to, or starting different things, or doing new things, or finally shitting indoors.

And I said, OK, yes, I'll do a podcast.

And I have an idea.

And I was literally two days later in my world, where I'm very isolated in my work world.

I stay on my own little island.

What does that mean?

You go to the show?

I go to my office.

You just stay in your office?

I stay in my office.

You lock the door?

I talk to the people that I want to talk to.

I mean, not to these people I don't want to talk to.

But it's just, I go to my office.

I go down to the stage.

I do the show.

And I go home.

So there's a lot of stuff that happens.

Like when they say, you know, did you hear Conan is going to Botswana?

And I'm like, no.

You know, I don't know.

Did you hear Conan is, you know, carrying Michelle Obama around on his back in an auditorium?

No, I didn't hear that.

But so this one, this was, I say, yes, podcast two days later.

Conan's doing a podcast.

I was like, that motherfucker.

Motherfucker.

Always.

Always has to one up you.

Yeah, I was going to replace Letterman.

And then he did it.

Wait, he replaced Letterman?

Yeah, ages ago.

Sort of.

In 93.

Oh, yeah.

I was like, isn't that backwards?

Didn't he do?

No, no.

Didn't he do Leno?

But yeah, he replaced Letterman.

Yeah, I saw that show.

I saw that show live as it happened.

I remember you told me that.

In Santa Maria, California.

I was doing Oklahoma.

I was on it.

Were you really?

Yes.

Oh, wow.

Who were you?

I was Curly.

Was it the new sexy Oklahoma that I hear so much about?

It was not.

No.

No, I did not have a guitar.

I did not look like John Mayer.

Apparently everything's about fucking now in that Oklahoma.

Fuck yeah.

And the surrey with the fringe on top was about fucking.

I never knew that.

Just about get in this surrey.

I want to do you doggy.

Wow.

Yeah, that's exactly.

That's the original lyrics?

Get in the surrey, I want to do you doggy.

Well, it does sort of like if you're going to fuck somebody in a surrey and it has fringe, there is a visual to that.

Yeah.

Because a surrey is a very bouncy sort of conveyance.

It's like sitting on a washing machine and you're a woman.

Yeah, and then you put fringe on it and wow.

And then wow.

Wow.

What an experience.

What a flashy experience.

It's like seeing a flapper dance.

And seeing your flappers.

Yeah, I wouldn't have said that.

You wouldn't have.

But by the way.

It's not that kind of show, so I wouldn't either.

Come to Flappers in Burbank and check me out this weekend.

Well, so what is the premise of your podcast?

Because I hear something like the three questions and I think there's got to be three questions involved.

There are three questions involved.

And they are.

I wanted to do something kind of more in like a personal interview, kind of talk about feelings and hopes and dreams kind of stuff.

Because that's the only thing that I can come to these days, is real stuff.

Is real conversation.

This is you're not interested in this kind of thing.

No, no, not at all.

This will not get me hard.

I certainly won't be able to come to this.

Do you mind if I check you periodically?

Not at all.

Good luck.

I mean, I have tongs in my bag.

Oh no, I'll just use the fingies.

Oh, all right.

I mean, you didn't ask me, but I just say OK.

There you go.

But now the three questions, they were just meant to sort of spark kind of a personal conversation.

So they are where do you come from?

Which is, I always, like that's the kind of thing.

These are basically two things I like to ask people in the commercial breaks of the Conan show.

Like, where do you come from?

Where are you going?

And what have you learned are the three questions.

Interesting.

That just are kind of meant to cover sort of like who you are.

And like, OK, I know you're a stand up comedian, if you're a stand up comedian in the show.

But let's talk about how you became that, and what your parents were like, and what you were like as a kid.

And what your relationships are like.

And how have these gone?

You've recorded a few, I would imagine.

And one is out today.

Yes.

The first one is out today, although we're pre-taping this, so I'm not even sure.

Do we know who it is?

Who do we know who it is?

Now, because the engineers are now behind glass, we get the most elaborate game of mime ever.

Abby Jacobson.

Abby Jacobson is my first guest.

Yes.

That was a fantastic interview.

Great.

She stormed out three times.

Yeah, I'm very offensive, but charming.

After every question?

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Because my first person.

Where am I going?

Fuck you.

Where do I come from?

I'll show you.

No, it was a lovely interview.

And it's become kind of a good format.

And I think people, you know, I'm not afraid to share, as I think you found out here today.

Yeah.

In a bad way.

In a bad way, in an uncomfortable way.

That's the way most of these are going.

Oh, good.

Yeah, yeah, I share too much.

It makes people uncomfortable.

Have you learned anything from these people who are telling you what they have learned?

No, they're all showbiz phonies.

I haven't learned a fucking thing.

Isn't it crazy?

Oh my god, they're so shallow.

You got to start talking to regular people on the street.

Yup, that's even worse.

They don't know anything about how to get a reservation.

How to get headshots.

Where does one get headshots?

Do people still get headshots?

I have to say, there's a person who lives down the street from me, I believe is a headshot photographer.

Yes.

And they do it on the street.

Ned, yeah.

And I guess because the light is better or whatever.

Fabulous.

And so.

It's also cheap.

I constantly just see, I'm going down the street and I see mainly young actresses fresh off the bus, here to Hollywood for the first time.

They've entrusted hundreds of their dollars to this gentleman.

And I just think like, where are people really getting headshots these days?

I don't know.

I'm offer only, so I have no idea.

No, people still absolutely do, I think.

Although now it does seem to be more sort of everything's more digitally inclined.

Remember when they had to be black and white?

Why would they have to be black and white?

And if you had a color one, people would make fun of you.

And now everyone's our color.

I don't know.

Why would they have?

Well, they were black and white because they were cheaper.

I guess.

But why would their industry standard be that you make to level the playing field?

Yeah, you think like anyone who's like, I want to get ahead on this.

I'm going to give them a color one.

Or you know what?

It could have been the very powerful rosacea lobby.

Making sure that people don't see that those actors.

Like, can you get hired and be like, you've got terrible rosacea.

Sorry.

What is your last headshot?

Do you recall taking it?

My last headshot was one in TBS, when we started at TBS.

It was like, we need one.

And I looked.

Are those mainly portraits, though?

Because I've taken promotional portraits for Siri.

No, this was in front of a background-y kind of thing.

This wasn't just like, hey, in the commercial break, I'm going to come over and snap a few photos of you, which is what kind of happens now.

I guess, I mean, when's the last time that you took up, like you went to a headshot photographer?

Oh, a headshot photographer?

Fuck.

Like, there wasn't like a show paying for it that was me paying for it.

Oh, absolutely.

It would have been like 1991.

91?

92.

And is that the one that got you the Conan show?

No, I didn't need one for the Conan show.

Oh, OK.

That was just purely a?

Yeah, that was based on friendship and performance, if you know what I mean.

Oh.

So do you recall what you were doing in the headshot?

Yeah, I actually have it on my phone.

Oh, OK.

I'd like to see this.

And I'd like to describe it to the listener, if I may.

Yeah, no, I just kind of, I'm looking.

Oh, wow, that's your screenshot.

Sexy as hell.

That's what I'm doing.

Wait, let me see.

Do you recall the experience with the photographer as you look up the shot itself?

Do you recall?

Was it in Chicago?

It was in Chicago.

I don't remember the photographer in particular.

Is it hard in Chicago to take headshots because of the wind?

Or?

No, no, we went indoors.

You were indoors?

Interesting.

We went indoors.

Yes, we did.

OK, now it's going to take me forever.

Yeah, it's going to take you too long.

But I presume it's you.

It's me.

Your hands up to your cheeks.

No, I think my hands are sort of folded.

I have, I believe I'm sitting sort of on a stool with one foot up and one foot on the floor.

My arms kind of, my hands sort of loosely folded in front of me because I have very large hands.

And they do read as large on camera.

And that, of course, makes the mind wonder what else is large.

So that was very calculated.

Yeah, yeah, very calculated.

And these are the years that Home Alone is out.

Were you doing the Kevin McCallister?

No, they were, the hands were folded in front of me.

And at the time, too, my hair had gone through a very bizarre, curly growth spurt.

And I looked like not simply red, but simply blonde.

OK, so Mick Hucknall, if he were not a ginger, and instead had a long, curly, luxurious blonde look.

Right, exactly.

And was it short on the sides as well, the same way that Hucknall took it?

A little bit.

I guess a little bit.

Well, now I'm really looking now.

Now you're really looking to the exclusion of talking to me.

No, no, I can hear you.

You can hear me, but I wouldn't say this is the most engaged conversation I've ever had with you.

Steve, I think this is as good as it gets, between you and me.

The Nicholson.

Well, did you ever take those composite shots where you play a doctor and a policeman?

Yeah, it was like that.

I never took those either.

A baseball player and a hairy delivery boy.

Did you ever go to the auditions in costume?

No, but I did sometimes, like if it was supposed to be someone that worked on a farm, I might wear like a flannel shirt or something.

Sure, you'd go so far where it wouldn't be weird to see you in public in it.

Yes.

But not so far as like, oh, that guy is like a cowboy.

Yeah, although I did once read for Nora Ephron in Shorts and a T-shirt.

Oh.

And she, because I was on my way.

Was this Sleepless in Seattle?

No, I can't remember what this was.

Let's see, let's go down the list.

No, but it was Adam Resnick wrote it.

Did she do that Frenchie or Poochie movie?

You're going to have to be more specific.

I do not know the Frenchie nor the Poochie movie.

Oh, what a handsome.

Oh, this says delete photo.

Should I hit that?

No, don't delete that photo.

It's my memories.

Wow.

Yeah, I see what you're talking about with the hair.

I've never seen your hair like that.

It went crazy curly for a while.

And you're wearing sort of a, you got kind of a Leno double denim action going on.

Is that a denim shirt?

No, that's a flannel shirt.

That's a flannel shirt.

OK, but definitely.

Green and black flannel shirt.

Definitely Leno from the waist down.

Anyone in jeans is Leno from the waist down.

I guess.

If you see anyone.

I'm not even sure those are jeans.

If you see anyone in jeans, just go, you look like Jay Leno from the waist down.

Yes, he's showing the picture to us.

Wonderful, wonderful.

You look very handsome, and I would hire that guy.

Thank you.

Well, you know, he's had a pretty decent career.

Yeah, he did OK.

He's done all right.

I mean, he does not try hard enough.

What was the first?

That is one thing about that guy.

He does not try hard enough.

What was the first time you were on television?

Do you recall that?

The very first time I was on television.

And I'm not talking about being in the background of a Today show.

Of a Cubs game or some shit like that.

I'm talking about you were paid to be on television.

The assholes that answer that question like that are infuriating.

No, actually, the first time I was ever on television was, do you remember how hard copy, the show Hard Copy, used to do reenactments?

Yes, you did one.

I was the victim of John Wayne Gacy in about 1992.

I was a victim of the rope trick.

Wait, so he killed adult people?

He killed mostly teen young adult people.

And were you playing a teenager?

I was playing a young adult.

Yeah, actually, Jill Soloway of Transparent was a friend of mine back in those days.

And we actually dated for five seconds.

And we could have been dating at the time.

I don't remember how it lined up.

But she worked in production.

And she was a production coordinator for, the local production coordinator for this Hard Copy thing coming in.

And she hired a bunch of me and people that she knew.

And we were all Gacy victims.

This is like doing a Law and Order if you're a New York actor.

Yes.

Being on Hard Copy in the 90s in Chicago.

Yeah, there's no dialogue.

It's all kind of MOS in the background.

They found unbelievably creepy looking Gacy look-alike.

Really?

Look-alike?

Yes, look-alike.

Was he advertised as a look-alike?

Did he go to parties as a look-alike?

I have no idea.

But he was hired because of his uncanny resemblance to John Gacy.

And then would sit around.

You know, shooting this thing, of course, it takes for fucking ever.

We're sitting around like out in, I don't know where it was, Highland Park or wherever he did his murderings.

Literally two blocks away in some other house we're holding.

And there's the fucking Gacy guy in clown makeup just waiting around all day as we each are sort of like going off to do our different sort of like, I'm the guy that got picked up in the forest preserve and shoved into the van.

I'm the guy that got a knife held to his throat.

And it just like, you know, and it just was really creepy.

Presumably the families of the victims are still local at the time.

What if they see Gacy?

The night, the day that it premiered, there was like a bunch of us like showed up in a bar in Chicago.

To get recognized.

Yeah, no, I know.

No, just to watch our thing of the hard copy and see how it comes out.

There were some cops that arrested Gacy.

One of them showed me, hey, come here, buddy.

Look at this.

Opens his wallet, pulls out Gacy's platinum Amex.

He has Gacy's platinum Amex in his fucking wallet.

I'm not supposed to have that by the way.

Yeah, that's evidence tampering.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Yeah, I got Gacy's like, and he's probably gotten so laid from that.

Did he buy a round for the bar at least with that?

No, no, I think, I don't think it's, I think it's defunct.

It may have been deactivated.

I think it's deactivated at this point.

I think when they find 30 basements in your, or 30 bodies in your basement or your crawl space.

Did you call up your friends, your relatives?

Did you let everyone know that you were on TV?

Sure, sure.

Yeah, big thrill.

Yeah, and I was kind of like, the rope trick was his signature thing.

He would, because he was a magician and he would take boys, teenage boys back to his place.

I think, get them high, get them drunk and then show them magic tricks.

And one of them was the rope trick, which is basically strangling them and then fucking their corpse.

Jesus Christ.

Pretty good trick, huh?

What do you think they were more interested in?

The getting high or the magic tricks when he would lure them?

You know, there's no way to really know now.

It depends on the boy, I would imagine.

No, that information's been lost.

No, it's fucking horrible.

And it was, and like I say, it was absolutely chilling to be sitting there waiting.

To be fucked. For your turn.

For your reenactment.

You know, to like it, you know.

So what are you, laying on the floor pretending to be dead and he gets on you and starts dry humping you?

What exactly happens with this?

No, it was like a strangulation.

I was being, I think we were shooting pool and then he's like, hey, and he walks in.

And like I say, it's all MOS, there's no sound.

Are you miming?

He walks down the rope and he's like, you know, I'm shooting pool and drinking a beer.

And then I think he walks in and he's like, and I don't even know what made the final cut.

And then- Right, we gotta get our hands on this.

Well, and there are also two, it was shortened from the original, from what we saw the first night, because after I got on the Conan show, we tried to get copies of it and it was like a truncated version of it.

Because there was a whole, like when I got strangled, it went into like some kind of weird, like video negative effect and slow-mo as I- Of course, yeah, yeah.

To show the drama.

Yeah, my death throes as I'm being strangled.

And then the subsequent, and I remember that specifically, and then subsequently the ones we got never had that.

They never had that.

Never had that trippy- They got too dark.

That trippy dude getting strangled turns all wild and- I gotta see this.

This is incredible, your very first appearance.

That was my very first appearance.

Wow, congratulations.

And who knew?

I mean, just, and that was 91-ish you say?

Something like that probably, yeah.

Who knew when they were watching hard copy in 1991 that just two years from then you would be on TV nightly?

No, people in 93 when I started with Conan, the floodlight, the switchboards just were flooded with people like, is that that Casey victim?

Is that that rope- I thought he was dead. Rope-trip guy?

I was so excited when he died a couple of years ago.

It's hard to tell, because when they strangled him, it went all trippy.

But is that him?

Well, what a wonderful show business career where, I mean, you're almost 30 years into it at this point.

If you count from hard copy to now to this podcast, the three questions with Andy Richter.

Precisely.

Well, wonderful Andy Richter, this show sounds incredible.

Can you say who is- Incredible is exactly what it sounds like.

Can you say who is on- Incredible.

On further episodes, or do you like to keep that close to the vest and or chest?

Listen, I don't give a fuck.

So, well, who do you got my dear boy?

Okay, Natasha Lyonne.

Oh, lover.

Nicole Byer.

Joel Kim Booster.

Love him.

Amy Sedaris.

Lover.

Ken Jennings.

Who?

Jeopardy champion.

I know.

Oh, what a dick.

Baron Vaughn.

Oh, Lauren Bouchard, creator of Bob's Burgers.

Great guy.

Recorded in this very room.

Wow.

Pretty exciting.

Incredible.

And more, I can't remember.

Of course, and more.

That would be so weird if that was just the rotating cast.

Yeah, but we would really get in depth with those people.

Well, I look forward to the email where you asked me to do this.

I presume you'll go through a second party.

I'll probably just text you.

Oh, okay.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

I'll probably just text you and you'll get like half an hour's notice.

Half an hour's notice, really?

Because someone dropped out.

Get down here.

I get it.

Yeah, yeah, exactly.

I understand.

Well, Andy, thank you so much.

I can't continue.

Well, thank you for having me on here.

You can stay, you can stick around though, right?

I can.

And the listeners here should stick around, but then the minute they're done listening to this, they could go over and listen to mine.

Yes, of course.

Yeah, yeah.

Or stop now and go over to Andy.

It doesn't matter to me.

This counts as a listen if you've listened up to now.

You're so comfortable.

So comfortable in your ensconced at the top of the podcast world.

You can stick around, by the way, Andy, because I remember when you did the Comedy Bang Bang television show, you did your interview and we then took lunch and we were preparing for the second half of the show when the other guests come on.

And I saw you taking off your tie.

You were in a suit, a wonderful suit, and you were taking off your tie and it was like, oh, he's getting comfortable.

Took off his jacket, took off his shirt, started changing in front of me.

I'm like, this guy's a professional.

He doesn't want to get anything on his suit during lunch.

Oh, and I thought I was done.

And then you said, see you later, man.

And you walked out and went, no, you still have three more hours to shoot.

You were like, why?

Yeah, yeah.

But you can stick around for this show.

It's not three hours, is it?

It may be up to three hours.

Oh my God.

We over tape and then edit it down.

It's unbelievable.

There's so many people in this business that after 10 years they get their shit together.

And you have so staunchly refused.

No, I'm still wondering.

To go with that flow.

I don't even know what the shit is, let alone how to get it together.

It's unbelievable.

All right, we need to take a break.

When we come back, this is exciting, we have a caterer.

You interested in the food industry?

I do.

You know what, I often partake of food.

Yeah, about three times a day for me.

Yeah, yeah.

And sometimes catered food.

I'm not opposed to catered food.

I'm not, I'm not a snob when it comes to that.

No way, if it's catered, no, no, sir.

Absolutely not.

I like to buy my own groceries, fix them myself.

No, I'll let someone get it right for me.

Exactly, just get it in my fucking mouth, I don't care.

Yeah, exactly, hey, the Andy Richter experience, get it in my fucking mouth.

We also have an influencer, so come around, stick on back.

Come around, stick on back.

Yeah, yeah.

What am I even saying?

You need an influencer.

I really do, influence my brain.

Syntax, yeah.

Jesus, all right, come on back.

We'll be right back with more Andy and more Comedy Bang Bang after this.

Be-blop!

Buh-buh-buh-buh.

Yeah.

Comedy Bang Bang, we're back here, Andy Richter is here.

The three questions with Andy Richter.

He will not be asking me those here on this program today because I am waiting for the official offer for it to be on his program.

You'll also need some time to think about that.

Sure, of course, yeah.

To prepare.

Are people knowing the three questions before they come in, or do you surprise them with it?

And do I get an edge here on people who don't know the questions because I know them before my appearance?

Most people have known them.

I mean, they are made available to them.

There are people who have chosen to not really read the email, who just show up.

That's 95% is what I could, in my experience of booking a podcast.

It certainly is me.

What is this thing I've showed up to?

I've had a few guests who have come on this program itself and sat in your position.

They go, so what is this thing?

And I go, and then I explain the concept of the podcast and they are very, very surprised.

And not always pleased.

What are they expecting?

Cooking demonstrations?

They're having one-on-one conversation.

Every podcast is WTF to them.

Yeah, yeah.

You know what I mean?

That's what they expect.

Right, right, right.

And this is a...

This is not.

Not as successful, certainly.

Oh, that's sure.

You're no Marin.

We need to get to our next guest.

I am fascinated with the culinary arts, and so this is very exciting to me to speak with her.

She is a caterer.

Please welcome to the show, Dana Sticks.

Hi, how are you guys?

Good, good.

We're good, we're good.

Hi, Dana.

We're having a great time.

This is Andy Richter.

So nice to meet you.

Nice to meet you, Dana.

My name is Dana Sticks.

Yes.

I work in the catering business.

I'm a caterer.

Yes, I believe I said both of those things when introducing you, but they bear repeating.

It's good to get that across.

Sure, just like the Max Weinberg 7.

You want to get that maybe three times.

Do you want to say it again?

Just to really Max Weinberg it?

My name is Dana Sticks, and I am a caterer with Dana Sticks.

Dana Sticks, the Dana Sticks catering experience.

Thank you so much, thank you.

Welcome to the show.

It's so good to meet you.

Where are you from?

And where are you going?

And what have you learned?

You son of a bitch.

Ha ha ha!

I mean, I'm from the Chicagoland area.

Chicagoland.

Nice.

And I...

So is Andy, by the way.

I am.

Where specifically?

Northside.

Northside, oh.

Roscoe Village.

Woman of Mystery.

Oh, okay.

Roscoe Village, okay.

No, that's very specific.

Where are you from?

Which side?

I'm from, well, originally I'm from Yorkville, out past Aurora, but I lived in Ravenswood.

Okay.

I grew up in Wrigleyville.

Nice.

And then I moved to Roscoe Village.

Oh, great.

That's quite a jump.

That's cool.

And do you still live there?

You still live in Roscoe Village?

I still live there, yeah.

It sounds beautiful.

What is Roscoe Village like?

All I know about Roscoe, the word Roscoe is Roscoe's chicken and waffles, which I love going there, so maybe I would like Roscoe Village.

It's a lot of young families, primarily.

Young, how young are we, when we talk about young?

Very young.

Super young families.

Like John Wayne Gacy victim young, or?

Like a bunch of Mormon age families.

Oh, got it.

So they've gone on their mission, they're about 20, somewhere in there, okay.

They have those regret kids, those early regret kids.

Yeah.

It's beautiful, I love it.

It's gorgeous.

And do you have a family?

How old are you?

Why do you live there?

I'm 42.

Okay.

I do live there, I have a son who I found out about.

Oh, recently, or?

Found out about fairly recently, about five years ago.

Five years ago, okay.

So when you were 37 years old, you found out you had a son, and how old is your son?

My son is 15.

15, so you found out about him, you had him when you were 27?

Wait, that you just found out about, how does that work?

I found out that I had him.

You found out, were you drugged or in a coma?

No, no, no, I just, you know, I went through a period of time when I was doing a lot of valerian root, and a lot of, you know.

Valerian root, that is some sort of hallucinogenic properties?

A sleeping aid.

Oh, it's a sleeping aid, oh, okay.

And at that point, apparently I went to a sperm bank, and I got a donation.

You sleepwalked to a sperm bank?

Yeah, and I got impregnated.

Are you sure that you didn't just maybe have sex with somebody?

No, I've been celibate for a long time.

Oh, okay.

Oh.

And I made the choice.

I mean, do you have a receipt from the bank?

Yep.

Okay.

So you started digging through receipts when this son popped up?

He came by, he had a 23 and me.

Oh.

He said, you're my mom, I said, I don't think so.

He said, yeah.

You explained the celibacy issue.

Yep.

And he said.

I said, well, this better be God's baby, because this doesn't make any sense.

Right.

And then it did make sense once we figured out that I had sleptwalked.

Sleptwalked to the sperm bank.

To the sperm donation bank.

Oh my gosh.

And gestated and gave birth.

Yeah, how does the nine month period between that walking to the sperm bank, and then giving birth, how do you account for all the changes going on in your body?

Yeah, these are great questions.

And I didn't, I was not in tune with my body.

And you will hear that a lot of women, I've heard a lot of women's stories since, very similar to mine.

I've heard of, I've had friends who have given birth, they had no idea they were pregnant.

I had no idea.

Toilet babies, they're called.

Cool Apple's a toilet baby, if you recall.

Oh, that's right.

Yes.

So I.

From her movie, Origin Story, on Amazon Prime right now.

That's right.

It's excellent.

Oh, you've seen it.

I watched it.

Oh, you did?

Well, thank you, always nice to meet a fan.

Well, you know more about me than I know more about you, so let's put the focus back on you.

Thank you so much, yeah.

You were not in tune with your body.

Do you remember giving birth?

I guess not.

Again, it was another one of those Valerian root issues.

I took it before bed, I apparently went to the hospital, I gave birth.

You slept walked to the hospital.

So you had the wherewithal to do that in your state.

Yeah.

C-section or vaginal birth?

C-section.

See, so you had a C-section scar for all those years.

So again, I was not very in tune with my body.

Wow.

And that I know to look for these things, I do.

You had never looked at your stomach before then?

I was not in tune with my body.

Okay.

And in about, I don't know the exact dates, but for a while there about five, six years, I was, well, I was trapped in an elevator.

And that- From 27 to 32 or so, you were trapped in an elevator?

So when I finally did get out, that's when I was approached, you know, and that's when I found out.

Approached by whom?

By your son?

By my son.

Oh, I see.

This is five years ago.

So you, so when he was five years old, you got trapped in an elevator.

Yeah.

In Roscoe village?

Yeah.

What building do you recall?

Yeah, it was, you know, that CVS at the corner of- You're looking at Andy like he's supposed to- Sure, Lincoln.

I'm just gonna say yes.

Oh, okay.

Lincoln and Roscoe.

Uh huh.

It's that CVS.

Wait, there's an elevator in a CVS?

It is a CVS.

I would imagine it's just a two story CVS.

There's an elevator down to the parking garage.

Oh, okay.

Probably ADA compliant.

Right, of course.

Yeah.

It's attached to a Whole Foods.

So no one ever uses it?

No.

But okay.

So I was stuck in there.

Plenty of parking up on the main level, is that?

Yeah, it was an especially busy day at the garage.

Okay.

So I had to park down below and that's when I got trapped in.

At that point, you know, everyone was feeding me through just one of the small areas for about five years.

I don't know what that means.

Through one of the small areas.

It's like the trap door in the top of the, yeah, yeah.

Yeah, they were able to get food to me.

They were able to put tubes down there or?

Or just throw burgers down?

Small foods.

Like amuse-bouches?

Exactly, and that's why I got into catering.

So they, oh.

That's what I was gonna say.

Were they blurring the food down just for your sustenance or was it to continue the catering business?

No, at that time I was not a caterer.

Oh, okay.

At that time.

And when I got out, I vowed I will become a caterer from this point on.

Because you enjoyed all the small bites?

100%.

Wow, okay.

200%.

I would say, you know what?

I mean.

300%.

It's interesting because I would say that.

100%.

When you're. 500%.

Sold.

Yeah, I got it.

500%.

All right, name that soon.

No, I would have, in retrospect, it worked out, but the fact that you were trapped in a small confined space and that they were, rather than sending down full meals, they were sending down tapas-sized small bites, I would have considered malpractice.

Now that I find out that it inspired you to a new career, mazel tov to them.

I'm very thankful.

Every day I'm grateful for that elevator and I'm grateful for my son.

So you're grateful for, so in that order?

In the small bites, thank you so much.

The elevator above your son or?

Yeah, well that elevator allowed me to become the mom that I am today.

Oh, wow.

Without that elevator, I'd be a Valerian Route junkie somewhere, so.

So you got off the Valerian Route while in the elevator because? I had to, no choice.

Really, I guess.

100% no choice.

They wouldn't send that down to you?

Did you beg for it at any point?

Oh, I begged, I pleaded, I cried.

They would not.

And you're right there in a CVS and they probably have some too.

What was the issue with the elevator?

Why couldn't they open up the elevator?

It just, were you blocking it with big packages or anything?

I had a lot of suitcases with me at the time.

Okay.

She wasn't completely connected to her belongings.

Right, yeah, you were in tune with your suitcases, not your body. I'm not aware of how much I was carrying around.

I'm not in tune with her belongings.

The baggage, both literal and figurative.

Wow. Yeah.

Incredible.

What an incredible story.

Right. The pull quote.

Yeah, well tell us about your business.

What do you, are you interested in tapas style?

By the way, for those of you who are waiters in tapas restaurants, we know what tapas is now.

You don't have to explain it.

Yeah. Okay.

Just like, we know what it is.

Small plates, we get it.

Have you ever dined with us before?

No, but I've eaten fucking food.

You know that 90% of the time when someone says, have you ever dined with us before?

They're talking about tapas.

Yeah. You just go, I know what tapas is, you don't have to, yeah.

Or family style.

Yeah, exactly.

Put it down, we'll eat it.

Anyway. I do find that people from the Midwest are not as familiar with the family style.

Okay, maybe I'm LA snobbing it up here, but.

Yeah, I think you guys are.

Oh well. 100%.

Sure. That could very well be true.

Could very well be.

We're in our bubble.

Yeah, yeah.

We don't know.

Yeah, and I mean, and after a while too, you live in Hollywood, you get used to it.

You feel better than most people.

It's just how it goes.

And the other thing. It's a natural evolution.

500%, I agree.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

600. Yeah.

When I, you know, in Chicago.

We'll leave the bidding open, just in case.

Okay, just in case.

You're used to, you know, you're used to that lifestyle where you're eating mozzarella sticks at 1 a.m.

Right. You know, you're drinking up until 2 a.m.

Right. Valerian rootin' yourself to oblivion.

So you would drink up to two and then take the valerian root?

How do you say this?

Valerian root.

Yeah.

What is valerian, by the way?

Isn't that, that's like in some sort of novel or a TV show?

What is a valerian?

What am I thinking of?

Okay, I don't know.

I'll look that up.

It's of Valerie.

Okay.

I think.

Yeah.

Yeah, yeah.

So describe your business.

Exactly what happens here.

I work primarily with my son.

We're a small business.

So you got your son involved.

Great.

Yep.

Had to.

Had to, why?

He needed, he needed a mom.

I said, I'm there.

Okay, but a mom is not an employer usually.

A mom is a parent figure.

So he does most of the serving.

I put him in a little vest, send him out.

And then.

There's more to it, right?

Not just the little vest.

Pants, underwear, shoes.

He's got pants.

Okay, all right.

No shirt, just a vest in the pants.

No shirts.

We send him out and he, you know, we do, we do all types of things.

Bow tie?

What's that?

Bow tie?

Bow tie, yeah.

So no shirt, vest, bow tie, pants.

Breakaway pants?

Short pants.

This sounds hot.

All right.

Tall boots.

Short pants, tall boots.

I'm 100% straight, but this is fucking turning me on.

How tall are the boots?

Are they, are they up to the thigh high boots?

Wow.

Okay.

Fuck.

God damn it.

Big hat.

You got any pictures of that kid?

Big cowboy hat.

Got any pictures of yourself?

Absolutely.

In the thingy?

When you say big cowboy hat.

I'll pull them up right here if you want to take a look at my phone.

Holy, that, I'm gonna tell you that.

She found those photos so much quicker than you, by the way.

Well, yeah.

I have them on my background.

She, I mean, she's got one kid.

She's been asleep most of her life, trapped in a fucking box.

She's not got that many photos on her phone.

When you say over, when you say cowboy hat, do you mean oversized cowboy hat?

Like a foam one that you, that you would buy?

600%, yes.

600, 700.

So it's a, it's a big hat.

Then he's still open.

And on, on, sometime we have, we've got the chips on the hat as well.

Of course.

Chips, what do you mean chips?

People can eat the chips off the hat.

Oh, oh, it serves as a serving platter as well?

Yep.

It's a nacho bowl hat.

Dip, the dip's on top.

The dip's on top.

Dip's on top.

So he needs to dip in order for you to dip, I would imagine.

Dip's in the crown, chip's in the brim.

So they, like the old saying.

If there's grass on the field.

Yeah, if there's grass on the field and there's dip's in the crown.

Chip's in the brim.

Then there's.

And there's chips on the brim.

How did you come up?

You got a party.

Yeah, yeah.

How did you come up with a.

Get those thigh high boots and get to work.

With the concept for the costume, was this, do you require all of your employees to wear this?

He's my only employee.

He's your only employee.

It's a mama, son business.

Why did you want him to wear this?

Sex sells.

Hey, I guess you're right.

Yeah, yeah.

She didn't, she may have been trapped in an elevator, but she didn't need marketing school.

She knows.

And you know, I make all the food by hand.

It's mostly American cuisine.

What do you mean by that?

It's a Maricopa.

Mm.

Sajiki sauce.

I don't think that that's American cuisine.

That's Greek cuisine.

That's, it sounds to me like you're just.

You may have bought some of these items in a restaurant in America, but these are Greek food items.

Peter Britt.

Musaka.

By the way, I was thinking of Valerian Steel, engineer Sam tells me, from Game of Thrones, is what I was thinking of.

Yeah, that's different.

I don't watch, I couldn't catch up.

You know, I was in an elevator for so long, I couldn't, I had no time to catch up on that Game of Thrones.

That must be hard.

I think by the time you got out there, it was only one season in.

It was too late.

Too late for you, really?

So.

Gosh.

Of all the things to feel bad for you about.

That's the one, yeah.

So when people talk about Game of Thrones.

I say not today.

I don't have time for that today.

Oh, you don't even have time for people to talk about it.

I say not today.

I'm too busy.

I gotta make the Musaka.

Do they come back tomorrow and try and talk about it again ever?

Unfortunately, that's a big topic that comes up at parties.

Yeah.

And I have to, you know, put some tissue paper in my ears when I'm walking around and.

You have some in there right now, by the way, but you're able to hear what we're saying, which is good.

Yeah.

Yeah, I took some out for you guys.

Thank you so much.

It's nice.

But you know, one thing that I do want to address is that people keep contacting me, asking me what the secret ingredient is in my food.

And I want you to know, not today.

You will not tell the secret.

You're not finding out today.

Okay, could we guess it if we sort of hinted around at it or?

I don't know.

I guess what I'm asking is, yes, we could guess it.

I'm asking, would you confirm that we had guessed correctly?

Is what I'm asking.

I don't want to give a yes or no on that.

I'll give you a maybe.

Okay, so.

So we should just, should we bother trying to figure out what this?

If you want to, you may.

Okay.

Yeah, but I.

If anyone wants to do anything, they should, as long as it's legal.

If you feel the need, if you feel the draw.

Is it Valerian root?

Yeah, that's.

Wow.

Wait, so you're putting Valerian root into your dishes?

Shit.

You're getting people hooked on Valerian root?

Yeah.

And you're back on the stuff because I presume.

I'm not back on.

You don't taste your own food?

No, I just, I go from the gut.

Wow.

And I know, so.

God damn it, I can't believe you got it.

Well, I just, it was one of the very few substances we.

Associated with you.

Yeah, we associate with you that we've discussed and there is the callback rule.

Did Marcus tell you that?

Huh?

Did Marcus tell you that?

Is Marcus your son?

Yeah, my son, Marcus.

No, no, no, I haven't had any contact.

I know he's been running around.

I know he's been talking.

I haven't had any contact with Marcus besides when he contacted me about the 23 and me thing.

What?

Excuse me.

Wait a minute.

What did you just say?

I'm sorry, but I think I may be the father of your son.

Oh my, wait, so when you were in.

In Chicago.

Chicago.

I largely funded my life by donating my ejaculate.

15 years ago, you were already on TV.

You had several television shows.

I had contracts I still had to fill out.

I had customers.

I guess so, but so 15 years ago.

Wow.

In 2004.

Yes.

You were going around Chicago jerking off.

I already had a four year old child at that point.

Well, now you have a 15 year old child.

I have hundreds of children out there.

Have you seen anyone in Chicago?

Oh yeah.

They all look like me.

Yeah, yeah.

Thick and sort of featureless and you know, chin blending into neck.

This is.

Sounds just like Marcus.

See.

Sounds just like Marcus.

Yeah.

Okay.

Let me guess though, Marcus, powerful thighs, firm buttocks.

Yeah.

A lot of belly zits.

Yep.

There you go.

100%.

That's my boy.

At least the vest covers up the belly zits, I guess.

No, he's got a, he's got a hanging below.

Oh, okay.

So the vest is shorter than his.

We only button the first three buttons on the vest.

Oh, you leave the ones down below.

Well, also too, if you seal them in, you're going to get more belly zits.

Yeah, but at least the customers wouldn't see them.

It's not a problem for us.

We haven't had any complaints or anything.

Okay. I don't know that I would complain to anyone.

If I saw that I would just be repulsed by it.

They're so high on valerian root at this point.

I guess so.

From the beginning, from the little pita puffs.

I'm going to tell you something, best sleep they've ever had in their lives.

Yeah. Yeah.

So people at these parties, they start eating the appetizers and they're just knocked out asleep within 45 minutes.

Eventually everybody makes their way to the ground and have a good nap.

And by the time that we're all wrapped up, we've got everything all cleaned up.

They're ready to go too.

Can I ask, are you robbing the people once?

I mean, this sounds like a Batman villains plot.

No, we just, honestly, I hope that I can spread the joy of good sleep.

And that's what I've been doing.

Good food, good sleep.

That's what I was doing with genetics.

Spread the joy of good genetics.

Wow.

So this is incredible.

I mean, you've met the father of Marcus here.

I don't know.

To be honest, I don't know that Marcus can handle it.

Oh.

I don't know that he's- He reached out to you.

He did reach out to me.

I did deny it, but it was pretty irrefutable.

I just denied it cause I thought he wanted money.

He wanted love, which is in many ways more expensive.

Yeah.

That's a, it's tougher to give.

It's easier just to give someone money.

Sure is.

I could have written him a check, but there was no fucking way I was giving that kid a cent.

Yeah.

But then when I found out what he really wanted was just some time and some paternal attention, I realized, no fucking way am I giving that kid a second.

So you turned him away.

I did.

And how long ago was that?

Oh, this was a couple of years ago.

A couple of years ago.

So he'd already reached out to you.

A few years ago.

I think, well, I do remember saying something like, you know, go do your go-go boy catering.

When I, when I threw him out of my office.

Now, did you know that he was doing that or is that just something that you asked?

Honestly, I don't remember.

He had brought me some tiropida, which are like cheese pies.

Oh yeah.

And I tried some of those and I got a little woozy, to be honest with you.

Interesting.

The filo dough.

That's the secret, the filo dough.

The filo dough.

Okay, I thought the secret was the valerian root.

That's where the valerian root is.

In between the layers.

Well, it got me fucked up.

It's in the butter.

Then we paint that onto the filo dough.

Of course you do.

Okay, so you put it in the butter.

It's in the filo dough.

Okay, but it's in the butter.

It's in the butter.

Okay, look.

Look, I'm the chef here.

You're very cagey about all this.

Well, I gotta protect the business, all right?

I can't go back to where I was.

And I can't have anybody twisting that.

Roscoe Village?

The CVS elevator.

The elevator.

Now because people and shoppers have to get up and down to the parking lot.

Are you shopping at the CVS ever?

I can't go back there.

You can't go back there.

They don't want me back there.

They don't want you back.

I mean, I would imagine that you were a huge drain on their business.

Five years, three meals a day of amuse-bouches.

I mean, and it sounds fancy.

I mean, like it sounds like this is a catered elevator.

Although I imagine you were having to go to the bathroom in the elevator.

Yeah, we figured out a system for that.

What was the system?

Well, I would go in my purse and then they'd...

Hoist the purse out?

They'd hoist the purse out.

That makes sense.

A system of like pulleys with the purse?

Yeah, we had a system of pulleys, yeah.

Okay, so it was sort of like one of those sushi restaurants you go with that everything's on a conveyor belt.

So you'd put the purse on and then amuse-bouches would come down when the purse would go up.

Is that?

Yeah, like a well.

You know a well.

I do know a well.

Jack and Jill, some friends of mine, they were making...

Wait, would they put the amuse-bouche into your bathroom purse as it came back down?

Well, the outside pocket.

Oh, okay.

Oh, wow.

Cause I was gonna say it'd be gross otherwise.

Yeah, I'm not gonna be eating my own shit anymore.

No, not anymore.

What do you mean by anymore?

Well, you know, when I was on the Valerian route again, I did things I was not proud of.

Oh.

That's when I was living in Wrigleyville.

That's when I was...

Those were the Wrigleyville years.

The shit-eating years.

Worked at the Cubby Bear.

Yeah, yeah.

Yeah.

And danced on the bars.

Really?

Just totally knocked out.

See now, Valerian route, I thought it just put you to sleep, but it actually, I guess when you're sleepwalking, you can do anything.

100%.

Yeah.

So I'd go up on the bars and I'd dance and I'd dance and I'd sleep and I'd sleep.

Wow.

And I'd dance.

Sort of like coyote ugly or?

Yeah, but much uglier.

I don't want to talk about your actual physical features.

Well, what about them?

Unless you do.

Oh, well you said, oh, I guess the situation was ugly.

Yeah, the situation was ugly.

Okay, I just...

You're calling me ugly.

No, I'm not calling you ugly.

I thought you were opening the door to remark upon your physical features, which are odd to say the least.

In fact, I've had a lot of men ask to take photos of me for headshots.

So I think I'm pretty good looking.

To use as their own headshots?

You have very manly features.

If I may be so bold.

You may.

A very strong jawline.

Yep.

A hint of a mustache on the upper lip.

Yep.

That's the Greek heritage.

Wait, you are Greek?

But I'm mostly American.

Okay, all right.

I'm actually Albanian Greek.

Oh, okay.

So from the border.

Well, I mean, this is amazing.

You're reconnecting with your long lost son, one of your long lost sons.

Yeah, yeah.

And Dana, I mean, the father of your child is right here.

I mean, maybe, and Andy is newly single.

Maybe a relationship would start between the two of you.

I do not have sex.

I'm celibate woman.

She's celibate.

Maybe that's cool with you?

No, not at all.

Oh, okay.

Not at all.

I mean, at this point, no.

Any less than five times a day and I am out.

Okay, all right.

Well, unfortunately we couldn't make a love connection, but at least we made a connection between two human beings who have a very...

Yeah, we share a son.

Share a son.

So that's wonderful.

Couple parents.

Yep, we'll co-parent.

I mean, you'll find mine is mine.

I'm planning on raising him with that kind of inspirational neglect that so many great artists have enjoyed.

He's lucky to have that.

Yeah, I wanna give him that just like it was given to me.

Which makes him feel like he'll never be good enough.

Precisely.

I'm not sure who's gonna fuck him up more.

You with the neglect, are you putting him in thigh-high boots?

You know what, he can see attention he needs.

Yeah, yeah, and sometimes, you know, a negative plus a negative ends up being a positive.

We might make him super healthy.

That's true.

I mean, if you add negative one to negative one, you got zero.

Her fucking him up, my fucking him up, he might end up being, you know, like you.

Perfectly well put together.

I don't think the math worked out on what I just said, but all right, look, we need to take a break.

When we come back, we're gonna have an influencer and we'll see exactly, maybe he can influence something here between your son and I don't know, maybe your son has a way out of his current lifestyle with this influencer.

We don't know.

But we're gonna come right back with Andy Richter and Dana Sticks.

We'll be right back with more Comedy Bang Bang after this.

♪ Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh ♪ Comedy Bang Bang, we're back here, Andy Richter of the Three Questions with Andy Richter.

That's right, I have a podcast.

Currently out right now.

The very first episode with Abbi Jacobson is out right now.

And you can listen to it.

We also have Dana Sticks who, how do people contact you for your catering business?

They email me at D-O-N-N-A Sticks.

D-O-N, I've been calling you Dana.

It is Dana.

But it's spelled Donna.

It's spelled Dana.

What'd you just say, D-O- D-O-N-N-A?

Okay.

Sticks.

At gmail.com.

Dot com, and that's Sticks, unlike the band, it's like the thing you find on the ground and are asked not to bring inside the house.

Right, got it.

But Dana spelled Donna.

Spelled Dana, according to you.

Spelled Dana.

All right, great.

100%.

100%, 200% over here.

300.

Ah.

400%.

That's too rich for my blood.

450.

And sold!

All right!

Congratulations.

Thank you so much.

All right, well let's get to our next guest.

He is an influencer.

I've been talking about him ever since the beginning of the show.

This is very exciting.

Please welcome to the show Sam Poppers.

DiGiorno everybody!

Oh!

Delivery to you, sir.

DiGiorno.

How's it going?

Thank you so much for having me.

Yeah, our pleasure.

This is Andy Richter of Sam.

Hi, how are you?

The Three Questions with Andy Richter.

This is Dana Sticks of a catering business.

Charmed.

And Sam, tell us about yourself.

Well, oh God, where do I start?

Well, I do the internet.

You know, the internet is my job, so I do it pretty well, I think.

Okay.

When you say you do the internet, what do you mean?

What do you do?

I'm just on the internet.

You're surfing the web?

No, like I'm on it.

Like, if you go to the internet, you'll see me.

Oh, okay.

You know, on social media, and just like on the face of a lot of like name brands, not so name brands, just like I'm on the internet all the time.

Oh, okay, so you are doing ads for, with certain sponsors, or taking sponsorship?

Of course.

Okay.

You're part of the gig, you know?

You just want to be current, you want to be relevant, you want to be everywhere.

I guess, I don't really know.

I've never been to any of those things, so I have no idea, which is why it's great talking to you about what you do.

Oh, that's shocking to me, because you have a very popular, I mean, that's why I'm here, you know?

Sure.

You have a very popular podcast.

You're not, what are you doing to sort of get your name out there?

It's not due to me, it's due to the content within, though, I believe.

Oh yeah, it's not due to you.

No, thank you.

Yeah, yeah.

Thank you, Andy.

You know, when one says something like that, one doesn't need affirmation necessarily, as much as...

Listen, no one's gonna believe you to be as humble as you are, unless you have someone like me saying, saying, yeah, it's true.

It's pretty fucking humble.

Okay, thank you, thank you so much.

So, Sam, Poppers, what are some of these brands you're associated with?

What are some of the websites you're associated with?

Okay, so I run a very popular Twitter slash Instagram account. Okay, great.

And I'm at, can you believe, Sam Poppers is on Instagram and Twitter, that's my handle.

Oh, okay.

For both platforms?

Yes, yeah, Instagram and Twitter.

Yeah, that's the whole handle for both of them.

For both of them.

You need to unify your brand.

Sure, yeah.

That's big, that's huge.

Sure. That's major.

300%.

Right?

And then I put content every hour on the hour, just to stay relevant.

And to do that, I pair myself up with a lot of companies so I can be the face of these companies and I can promote their, whatever they're selling.

Great, okay.

So what are some of these companies that you're with?

So, for example, I just had a really, really nice campaign with Marcy's.

Marcy's, what is that?

I know Macy's, but I guess add an R to that and you have Marcy's?

Yeah, Marcy's is sort of like the offshoot of Macy's.

I love Marcy's.

Yeah, Marcy's is great.

What is Marcy's?

I see you're wearing a really nice Marcy's top.

Yeah, this is a Marcy's vest.

Oh.

It's incredible.

Yeah, you don't know Marcy's?

I guess I don't know, Andy, are you?

No, I don't know.

I don't buy my own clothes.

Oh, okay, yeah.

Hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm.

What is Marcy's?

Is it a department store?

It's a department store, yeah.

It's only, yeah, yeah.

It's a department store.

It's only available in- Great elevators.

Three elevators, wow.

Great elevators.

Oh, great.

Great elevators.

How many elevators though?

Three.

They have three?

Oh, okay, so I wasn't wrong.

Yucky guess.

Yeah, three- Donna.

Dana.

You guys, you guys.

Sorry, Dana.

Sorry.

Sorry, sorry.

It's called Pulling a Paris right now.

And- What does that mean?

It's part of, okay, so it's part of, so, you know, to stay relevant, I have little catch phrases that I say over and over to sort of get to trending, you know?

So you put a hashtag in front of that and it just becomes influencer material.

Okay, so you- You don't do that?

I've used, I think I used a hashtag once.

It was like- Very snotty, probably.

No, I think it was like, hashtag comedy.

Oh, yeah, right.

You know, just in case anyone was interested in comedy, they would maybe check out the show or something.

Yeah, yeah.

Is that good?

Is that what you're talking about?

I mean, it's a little too vague.

You want something that's sort of very specific.

So for example, pulling a Paris means that you are intervening in between an argument, like derived from Paris Hilton, because she had a show called Paris Hilton's BFF, which is a show on MTV, and it's all about Paris Hilton being someone's friend.

So at this moment, I am pulling a Paris to try to be everyone's best friend.

Okay, let me see if I can get the- I'm always pulling a Paris.

Oh, yeah?

Where's the mediator in a lot of groups?

Yeah.

Between who?

Between, sounds like you only talk to your son.

Yeah.

Exactly, so I gotta keep things cool between us.

Wait, so you're intervening in the arguments between you and your son?

You can't really be pulling a Paris if you're in the argument.

Well, sometimes I need to pull Paris when things, you know, when things get burnt, when the Sponnykope doesn't ready on time.

Okay, and who are you doing that with, the oven?

With him, with the oven.

I need to calm, I need things calm.

You know what, that makes sense.

See, that's when you can hashtag pull a Paris.

I have to make sure everyone's best friends.

Let me see if I can get the chronology down here.

So this hashtag derived from, first of all, it starts on MTV?

Yeah, it's a show called Paris Hilton.

So MTV buys a show from Paris Hilton?

Yeah.

And she creates a show?

Yeah, the reality TV show is her trying to make a best friend, right?

It's sort of like in the structure of The Bachelor or The Bachelorette where one person wins the friendship of Paris Hilton.

I see, so she creates this show, you then watch the show?

Yes.

So you watched it?

Yeah.

And then you come up with a phrase based on that show or do they use this phrase on the show?

No, no, this is something, this is a Sam Popper's original.

This is an original?

Yes, yes.

So I take pop culture, break it apart, reconstruct it and use it.

Like Legos.

They get broken apart.

I don't know if you've ever used these Legos.

I have.

But they get broken apart a lot of times and sometimes you can put them back together and they're the same thing that you just had and sometimes they're something totally different.

It's interesting that you say Legos because I have a sponsorship with Largos, which is the offshoot of Legos and they work.

They do.

Just as well.

Offshoot or an off brand?

Yeah, no.

Off brand, off brand.

But if you can say offshoot so we can get more traffic on Largo.org, that would be amazing.

So yeah, offshoot makes it seem less like stealing intellectual property.

Right, yeah.

More like a no-mash.

A no-mash, precisely.

I use Largos with my food displays.

Oh, wow!

Really, you're putting the food onto these?

The Largos.

Onto the little bricks somehow?

What are you constructing with the Largos?

Displays for the, you know, You can do that with Largos.

You can definitely do that with Largos.

Or the other stuff.

Busticchio.

Busticchio for the soufflaki.

Yeah.

I display it on the Largos.

Okay.

So that it's easier for people to see.

I believe you now.

You don't need to go into any more detail.

So that you can see what you're gonna eat.

Okay.

And that it's closer to your face.

I trust you now.

Okay.

Do they have Largos at Marcy's?

Of course.

They have a whole Largo section at Marcy's.

They do.

Fifth floor.

Yeah.

So what do you do when you are working with the Largos?

What do I mean?

Are you making an ad for them?

What do you do?

Yeah.

So what happens is that there's a huge camp.

Largo has a campaign, giant mega campaign, you know?

And they got a bunch of influencers, mostly myself.

And we just take pictures in front of the Largos.

I'm not really building anything.

It's already pre-made.

I'm just, I just stand in front of the Largos and I say, Largos.

And that's it.

You just say Largos?

Yeah.

And then people- And that's the huge campaign.

Yeah.

People buy the Largos from this or?

They certainly do.

Work for me.

Tommy Hilfinger.

Hilfinger?

Yeah, Tommy Hilfinger.

Finger, sorry.

I have some of his underwear.

He accidentally said the real one, I think.

Yeah, we could redact that, right?

We can redact that.

I don't think that we never edit the show down, unfortunately.

Yeah, why would you?

Well, I mean, we tape for five hours, but then we edit it down to what it ends up being.

We don't edit it down from there.

Four and a half.

Yeah, exactly.

I have underwear from Tommy Hilfinger.

You do?

Can I see?

I don't know that we would.

Oh, yes.

Oh, okay.

You just, you took your pants all the way down to your ankles.

I mean, you could have just like slightly lowered them.

They're chaps.

They're back chaps.

Yeah.

Wasn't hard, back chaps.

Yeah, yeah.

I don't know.

I'm not talking about the degree of difficulty, just our desire and seeing how much of you- Yeah, but when your pants come off that quick, you're gonna eventually get boastful.

I guess so.

My gosh.

Not me, I'm celibate.

Yeah, why are you celibate, by the way?

I just have no interest.

Absolutely just no interest in sex.

You're passionate about your food, your craft.

You know, I was, for a while- You're not in tune with your body.

Exactly, I felt so dead inside and outside of my body.

You seem like a very sad, lonely woman.

I'm actually very happy, very content.

You have not smiled, and in fact, have been doing the opposite of it, what I call an upside down smile, AKA a frown.

The entire time that you've been here, you've just been glaring at us.

You've been- This is my resting face.

Yeah, this is your RBF here.

You've been shooting daggers at me and Andy the entire time, like giving us the side eye, like, you know, we're the raptors- I don't understand why you guys haven't hired me yet.

To cater something?

Yeah, to cater.

That's why you're here for us to hire you?

I need business right now.

I'm in LA temporarily.

I need to take care of business right now, RN, as the internet would say.

Right now, okay, I would say TCB, taking care of business.

What?

I never heard of that.

TCB, taking care of business?

You've never heard of that?

TCBY?

The country's best yogurt?

No, that's something totally different.

Are you sponsored by a knockoff of them, by the way?

Of what?

The country's best yogurt, TCBY.

TCBI.

You gotta keep up on this show.

Yeah, TCBI, that's what I'm sponsoring.

TCBI, oh.

What does that stand for?

The country's best- Ice cream.

Ice cream, oh, okay, so it's, are you fooling people into thinking it's ice cream?

It's all a trap, yeah.

Okay, they come in thinking it's ice cream, but it's yogurt.

Yeah, this yogurt- And they have to buy it anyway.

Wait, it's called the country's best ice cream, but it's actually yogurt?

Yeah, well, it's TCBI.

That would be the maximum.

I mean, the best ice cream is yogurt.

I get what you- No one says that.

No, that's not a price.

No one has ever said, no, the whole point is that yogurt is- Slightly more- Slightly less harmful than the ice cream.

So, they're, so better.

To better?

Yeah, yeah, but- Did you say to better?

To better, it's more than better.

It's to better.

Okay, I don't know.

Now that you should hashtag.

Hashtag T apostrophe better.

Well, what are, it's better.

Sam, what are your dreams here?

I mean, what do you hope to have happen to you?

Well, you know, so I just finished my sponsorship with Aunt Marcy's and I'm sort of a free- You're done.

I'm done.

So you're one day and out.

That's it, it's quick.

And well, I'm sort of a free agent and I was wondering if I can maybe sponsor something here at Comedy Bang Bang.

Oh, I don't know.

I don't know what there is a sponsor here.

I mean, what would that entail?

I would just promote, I would just promote the hell out of your podcast.

It sounds like all you did for Largo's was you stood in front of one and just said Largo's.

You didn't even say buy them or like, look at all these cool Largo's.

I'm really enjoying this, hashtag ad.

Listen, I don't want to throw this out there, but there's another podcast that is sort of, you know, emailing me, trying to be like, hey- Who's this?

Free questions with Andy Richter?

I mean, I could, yes.

I need to talk to you as well.

All right, sure.

But another, it's- Although I kind of know all the answers at this point.

I know for his three questions.

Oh, for his- No, but I want to promote your podcast.

Oh, all right.

I would love to be, you know, like doing sponsored content for your podcast.

I'll tell you what you do.

I'm not sure what that is, but yeah, whatever.

We get you in front of a big plate of pastizio.

It's all built up with the Largo's.

It's built up with the Largo's.

Sure.

Okay, so everybody can see it.

Yes. Right?

I love this already.

And you say, ask me those three questions.

And that's when Andy busts out of the pastizio.

And he says, listen to my podcast.

So Andy's got a bust out of this?

What's he wearing?

He's got the thigh- Tommy Hilfinger.

Thigh-highs.

Thigh-highs with Tommy Hilfinger?

Yes.

I don't know, Andy.

What do you think about this?

And a vest.

And a vest, but a short vest.

If there's a vest, I'm there.

Yeah, but it doesn't cover up the bottom.

That's okay.

That's all right.

Okay, you want the top covered up?

Yeah, I'll porky pig it.

I'll just, thigh-high boots, a vest, that's it.

Okay.

Great, seems like this is happening.

Yep.

We'll meet Saturday.

And you're going to charge $5,000, $2 a day for this?

Yeah.

Saturday's wide open for me.

Great, we're doing this.

And what are you charging for this?

All right, $8.50.

$8.50 an hour for me.

Thank you.

$8.50 to cater an entire party?

Happy to do it.

Andy, this is a deal.

100%.

You see this smile?

I'm smiling so big.

You're not smiling.

You're at most- I'm smiling.

You have like a horizontal line across your face.

You're showing your teeth a little bit.

Yeah, you're like, you're baring your fangs at us a little.

I'm so happy.

You're not, I mean, you are the most miserable woman that I think I've met in, and I don't mean to say woman, as in like to gender specify the miserable people I've met.

I'm going to go further with that and say, you're one of the most miserable people that I've met in a long time.

Either women, men, non-binary, you're just miserable.

Hey, listen, you can use that.

And like- That's a pull quote.

That's your thing.

People will come to you.

Yeah, it's like going to Ed De Bevex.

I don't know if you've ever met anyone who's been at Ed De Bevex.

Sure, I've been to Ed De Bevex.

Yeah, they basically, they're mean to you when they're waiters there.

I know a woman who works at the gym next to Ed De Bevex.

You do?

Yeah.

Wait, wait, I think I know a woman who works at the gym next to Ed De Bevex.

That can't be.

I think I do, yeah, yeah.

And she eats at Ed De Bevex.

She's obese, sexy.

Yeah, and she eats there for every meal.

From Australia?

From Australia, yeah.

Well, she's from Ohio.

Yeah, but she sounds Australian.

Yeah, I know her.

How do you know her?

She says.

Were you guys romantically involved?

Oh, she's an old client.

She's an old flame.

Flame.

Once she broke my heart, and that's when I started taking the Valerian route.

Wow.

So she's the impossible.

Wow.

Is that when you became celibate too?

Yeah.

Wow.

Wow, this is incredible.

So.

I'm so glad you mentioned Ed De Bevex.

It's crazy, I don't know why I would think of it when I was talking to Dana Dono over here, but it just popped in my head, Ed De Bevex, and to hear you have history with, what was her name?

Becky.

Becky, right.

No last name.

That I know of.

I don't know of it either.

I mean, she never told me about it.

She was on this program.

Yeah, yeah.

I think it's just a exclamation point.

Oh, like Oklahoma?

Yeah, exactly.

Wow.

Well.

That's hot.

That's too bad.

I mean, she never mentioned this.

She was in a relationship with a trainer or something when she was on this program.

She sleeps with a lot of people, so.

I don't mean to slut shame her, but she was a real slut.

Did you?

I think she identifies as a slut.

Did you know that before you got involved with Becky?

I did not.

Oh.

And so when we had sex and then she went off and had sex with other people.

She had other sex with other people?

Other sex with other people, that's when I said, I can't do this.

You thought you were in a committed monogamous.

I said, I'm a one woman woman.

Yeah.

So don't fuck with me.

You said this before you slept together or after?

Because you got to do it before in order to have a verbal.

That's where I made the mistake.

Ah, you said it after.

Oh.

Oh no.

That's too bad.

That's the last person you ever had intercourse with?

Yeah, besides Andy.

They call it intercourse when it's two women?

Sure.

Yeah, of course.

I don't know.

It's the inter, like the entering part is what it, okay, I don't know.

No, Scott, no.

No, the intercourse.

Inter?

Oh, because it's inter, it's like international.

It's between two things.

Yeah.

Okay, okay.

I thought it was the, I thought it was.

Inter.

I thought it was intercourse.

No.

It's not intercourse?

No, it's not intercourse.

Intercourse?

Yeah.

I don't know.

And her course.

And.

Well, I'm very sorry that that, that she did that to you.

It's all right, I'm fine now.

We should get both of you on this show together.

I love to see that.

Yeah, I mean, you have two such different voices.

It would be so interesting to hear.

Sounds exhausting, to be honest.

I don't remember.

Not to the listener, I would imagine.

They would love to hear.

I have a voicemail from her, actually.

You do?

Can you play it?

Is it, do you have your phone with you?

Oh my gosh, please play it.

What's your, yeah, let's hear this voicemail.

Okay, here we go.

Hi, Dana, this is Vicki calling.

Haven't heard from you since all night together.

And wondering what's going on with you.

Someone said you're tripped in an elevator, so give me a call.

And hope you will.

Okay, gotta go, fucking somebody right now.

Okay, bye.

Wow, that's her all right.

Somebody played that to me when I was.

Wait, so they put the phone down on the conveyor belt?

They lowered it down, and that's when I.

Now I see why you think your name is Dana.

Because she has such a weird accent.

She was saying Donna, but she pronounces it Dana.

And that's influenced, speaking of influencers, that's influenced how you pronounce your name since then?

You were really hung up on this girl.

Wow.

She destroyed me.

Wow.

Did you call her back ever?

Did they let you call?

How was I supposed to call her back?

Well, they lowered that phone down to you.

Oh, you couldn't get reception, I would imagine, in the elevator.

No, there was reception.

There was reception?

So I guess press the numbers to answer your question?

Oh no.

I think she meant it in more of a rhetorical way.

Oh, emotionally.

How could I call her back, yeah?

Oh.

No way.

Yeah, yeah.

I don't cheer, I don't cheer.

You don't cheer, is that what you said?

Share.

You don't share at all, ever, anything.

Oh, you won't share Becky.

I won't share Becky.

Oh, because she's just unwilling to be in a committed relationship with you.

Yeah, this isn't some kind of, you know, orgy, you know?

Yeah, I mean, that's, your private parts are not, you know, meant to be spread throughout the world, you know?

It's supposed to be one person and God.

One person and God?

And God, are you religious?

Here and there.

We haven't talked about the religion yet.

Here and there?

Here and there.

What selective religion?

That's a new religion, here and there.

I'm a here and there-ist.

Here and there.

Which, which?

Culturally.

Which religion are you?

Culturally.

Which religion are you?

Greek Orthodox.

Greek Orthodox sometimes.

Here and there.

It doesn't apply to how you dress your son, because sex sells.

100%.

Fine.

And, by the way, you're celibate, why are you?

I'm not stupid.

You're celibate, you're not stupid.

Hey, is that a shirt?

I get that because you're not a consumer of your own product.

Exactly, I'm not gonna try to fuck my son.

That's sick.

Smart.

No one said you were trying to fuck your son.

Who brought that up?

Why did your mind- I gotta be honest, I've been thinking it.

It's your son too, Andy.

I know, but I mean, just, there's something there.

She vibes weird.

Oh, okay.

And that, you know, it just- I don't know.

Well, I mean, listen, if I had a catering business and I was putting my son in thigh highs, a vest and short shorts, wouldn't you think like- And back chaps.

Back chaps.

And back chaps.

I fully, actually, I have to Google those the minute we're off the air just to figure out what the hell's going on structurally.

Yeah, no one out there listening should do that.

They should turn on your podcast.

They barely hold on, they barely hold on.

Yeah, yeah, it seems like it might just be like tucking a tablecloth in the back of your waistband.

Well, guys, we're running out of time.

We just have one last feature on the show.

There is a limited amount of time.

Well, we've been doing it for the five hours at this point.

We just need to whittle it down.

We need to do our last and final feature on the show and that's a little something called Plugs.

♪ Starring in a show ♪ ♪ Plug it ♪ ♪ Read another book ♪ ♪ Plug it ♪ ♪ Suffering from trauma that constantly ♪ ♪ Nauseed your crumbling sense of self ♪ Oh! ♪ Plug it ♪ What's not to- ♪ Time for the time for the plugs ♪ ♪ Hope you got gloves ♪ ♪ Cause it's time for the time for the plugs ♪ Oh, wow, that was incredible.

That was Plugs by Google Translate Lady.

Enjoyed that one, thought it was done in the middle.

That's the mark of a good song.

I think, you know how every once in a while you'll be listening to a song like Elvis Costello's Alison, for instance, and the singer will say the word stop and he makes the music stop when he says stop?

Sometimes I wish that you would stop and the whole band has to stop.

That's what happened with me.

Although she didn't say stop.

She didn't.

Anyway, I just wanted to relate that back to that fact.

That was good, that was good.

Once again, don't forget, we're almost out of time.

We are almost out of time.

Andy, what do you want to plug here?

Obviously we have the three questions with Andy Richter.

Yeah, there's the three questions with Andy Richter.

It's now, it's dropping.

It is.

That sound that you hear.

Yes, it's not your toilet.

That's not your toilet.

That is not a truckload of bacon being unloaded.

That is my podcast.

Wow.

It's flopping into existence.

And how many listeners do you want with this thing?

Like what's the cap?

Like, do you want a minimum, a maximum?

Like at what point are you going to be like, that's too many, let's slow it down.

Yeah.

Or on the opposite end of the spectrum, at what point are you going to be like, this is not catching fire, we got to close up shop.

Listen, I think, you know, I think if we get 750,000 out of the gate.

That's too much?

No, that'll be fine.

That's the minimum.

That'd be great.

That's the minimum.

Okay, so if you don't get 750,000 of the seconds.

750 to a million listeners today.

Okay, somewhere in that range today.

If you don't get it, you're going to.

Cause I mean what, like 6 million people listen to this.

Oh, of course.

Yeah, yeah.

So like I figure if one sixth of them are total fucking losers and have nothing else to do, they'll switch right over.

Okay, well good luck to anything else you want to plug?

How about the brevity of my podcast?

Oh, how long is this?

It's an hour.

It's no more than that?

Very tight hour.

And what are you doing?

Are you like tapping your watch when the guests are talking?

Yeah, we'd hit an hour and I just go, shut the fuck up.

That is enough.

I would love that.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

If literally at 60 minutes you said to your guests, in the middle of a sentence, you said shut the fuck up, that's enough.

And then it just ended.

No thank you.

Ding, ding, ding motherfucker.

It's it, enough of you.

No, I do try to keep it to an hour.

All right, very good.

But I mean, I just, I'm teasing you.

I'm ribbing you.

Cause this really has sort of, this has been a fun ramble though.

We've really learned a lot.

We've been on it for too long.

It's exploratory.

Yeah, we've really learned a lot.

We have.

Should have ended a while ago.

Donna, what do you want to?

Donna's in a hurry.

Dana, I gotta get to Tom Hardy's.

Oh, I'm sorry, Dinah, Dinah.

Tom Hardy's sisters.

Tom Hardy's wife's sister's party.

I gotta go.

So that's fine.

Are you plugging it or are you saying you have to go?

I'm doing both.

It's an opening, if anybody can come.

If you can make it, there's going to be Pazdiceo.

It's over by the Arco.

There's Sonic, Copita.

Yeah, $65.

Copita Bread, Saziki, Musica.

Also, please follow my son, Marcus, at L-I-L-Y-Y-I-L-Y on both Twitter and Instagram because he needs those likes.

Yeah.

Lots of photos that I've taken of him on there.

I've seen that account and it's a very entertaining account.

And I did not realize that was your son's account.

Sex sells.

Sam Poppers, what are you plugging?

Well, nothing for me because I'm still waiting for that offer for Comedy Bang Bang.

Sure, yeah.

I don't know whether that's forthcoming.

But I am currently working on, I'm promoting my next client, Oscar Montoya.

Oh, okay.

And his Instagram is at Ozzymo, O-Z-Z-Y-M-O on Twitter and Instagram.

Okay.

Oh, that's great.

Okay, so.

Oh, and he has a podcast here on Earwolf called Spanish Aki Presents coming out in mid July.

So check.

Oh, so very soon.

Very, very soon.

What's it called?

Spanish Aki. Spanish Aki Presents.

Presents, oh, okay.

Latinx Comedy Podcast.

And what is that like?

What, when people listen to it?

We interview a.

When you say we, you mean of course.

Oh yes, it's, yeah, of course.

We meaning the royal we. The royal we, of course.

Meaning Oscar Montoya, Rizely Saya, Carlos Santos, Tony Rodriguez.

We interview a Latinx celebrity and then we do improv for that.

And we just chat.

All right, well, I'm looking forward to the invite for that as well.

I want to plug, I have some several tour dates coming up.

This is very exciting.

Oh really?

Myself and Paul F. Tompkins and Lauren Lapkus going out on the road.

We have August 21 in Medford, Massachusetts.

August 22nd in Providence, Rhode Island.

August 23rd, New Haven, Connecticut.

September 5th, Kansas City, Missouri.

September 6th and 7th in St. Paul, Minnesota.

And then we have a very special announcement coming up for the 8th, September 8th.

Check my Twitter tomorrow for that announcement.

We will be in another city announcing a new date tomorrow.

So check my Twitter.

All of those tickets are on sale right now.

Between the three of you, where do you think it's going to break down?

Break down?

Between you and Lauren, you and Paul, Paul and Lauren.

Just, I mean, just break down.

Just what is the- Obviously that is like a, not a very stable triangle.

I think you and Paul.

Me and Paul is the base.

I say you and Lauren are the base.

Okay, but it's me and someone else definitely.

I want to know where it falls apart.

I think it's Paul and Lauren.

Oh really?

Yeah.

Those two don't get along.

They don't.

They hate each other.

Why?

I don't know what it is, whether it's competition for my love.

I don't know what it is.

It's hard for me when you think of two people so disreputable and unpleasant.

As them.

Yeah, you just think that they've got a lot in common.

Yeah, well, you know, I mean, when one thing is rotting, it tends to spread throughout everything, much like my penis and its cancer.

Oh.

Well, you're the one who chopped it off.

Oh, that's right, I remember.

From eight hours ago.

All right, so go out and get tickets for those shows.

Let's close up the old plug bag.

♪ Close your eyes and open up that bag ♪ ♪ Close your eyes and open up that bag ♪ ♪ You gotta get those eyes closed ♪ ♪ Get them, get them, open the bag ♪ ♪ Get them, get them, get them ♪ ♪ Don't be closing, don't be closing ♪ ♪ Open them up and let's get loaded ♪ ♪ Let's get loaded, open up the bag ♪ ♪ Open up the bag ♪ ♪ Let's get loaded up the bag ♪ ♪ Open up the bag, the fucking bag ♪ ♪ Open up the bag, the fucking bag ♪ All right, and we added that down as well.

And it was supposed to be about closing the bag.

I know.

And it's all about opening the bag.

Horatio and Ben Schwartz, they don't get it right any year.

They come in here, I don't know.

I'm done with those guys, Trey.

Yeah, no kidding.

Speaking of done, we are done.

Shut the fuck up, get out of here.

All right.

Thanks to you guys, Andy.

Always a pleasure to see you.

Thank you, good to see you.

Both professionally and personally.

And Dana Donna, good luck to you.

Thank you.

What were you gonna say?

Nothing.

You suddenly smiled like you were about to say something, and then I cut you off.

I feel terrible.

This is the first time I ever saw you smile.

It's all right.

Sam, thanks to you.

But back to you, Dana, what's going on?

Just 500%, thank you so much for having me.

Can I help you pull your pants up?

I'm gonna leave them down.

Yeah, you've left them down the entire show.

It's very distracting to us.

Thank you for having me.

Please pull them up before we end?

Not today.

Okay, your cast race.

We'll see you next time.

Thanks, bye.

Bye.
