♪♪♪ If you're down and feeling poopy, have a bowl of Chicky Chicky New New Soupy.

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang. Thank you to Kyle Dahlman for that.

I basically picked that one because of Kyle Dahlman has a regular name other than like Captain Fartbreath, which is usually what people do.

But thank you to Kyle for that catchphrase submission and welcome to Comedy Bang Bang for another week. Scott Aukerman here, your host, and we are, I believe we're in hump week of hump month. Is that correct?

We're in the... yes, we're in the middle of the very, very middle week of July, which is the middle month.

So it's hump week of hump month. This Wednesday will be hump day, like hump day spectacular of 2019. That's incredible. So everyone enjoy that.

And we have an incredible show here today. A little later we have an artisan sandwich maker. Wow, that's exciting.

We get a lot of entrepreneurs in here, but someone very specifically devoted to the art of sandwiches. That's incredible. And I would presume that includes at least two slices of bread. However, we will definitely talk to them about that. We also have an entrepreneur, oh another entrepreneur, yes, returning. She has been on the show before, but before we get to them, let's talk to our guest of honor, as we call the first guest. How do you feel about that? Well, I'm honored. Thank you very much. Yes, the honorific of guest of honor has been assigned to you. He has never been on this show before, but he was on the Comedy Bang Bang TV show, which we all remember him as Ray.

The person crawling throughout the ducts of the Comedy Bang Bang television show in the Lonely Island Wears Christmas Sweaters episode, I believe. Yes. And he is in, currently, he's, first of all, let's do your credits and then we'll talk about currently.

I know him, first got to know him, probably my favorite role, Wash in Firefly and Serenity.

He does a million voices for all the Disney movies, including, you are the second person we've had on this program who has played Iago in Aladdin, so I'm hoping to get to all of them, including all the Broadway ones. Oh good, good. So you're two of, I don't know, probably 30 at this point, but he is in a play right now called Mysterious Circumstances, which is at the Geffen here in Los Angeles, through the end of this week, just getting in under the wire to promote, and that is called Mysterious Circumstances. Please welcome to the show Alan Tudyk. How are you? Hello, I'm really good, thank you very much. It's great to see you again.

Thanks, good to see you too. One of my favorite actors, I mean, Pacino obviously is probably up there as well, De Niro.

He and I, a lot, a lot of you. You've seen each other at the same auditions all the time? Yep, yep, and Bruce Willis. Oh, you again. Yeah, Bruce Willis, which that was great that you cast me on the TV show. You were the Bruce Willis analog in our show, yes, in the Die Hard episode. So it was good to actually get to play and show what I could do with his roles. Is he, how many would you say he's beating you out for? It's not more than all, or all. Probably all. What about that one where he showed his penis, it was called like, it was like a Western and you see his penis in the bathtub. Were you up for that one? That was my penis. That's the only part they let me do. It was all Bruce and except penis.

Except that. Hey bro, nice penis. Thanks, thanks. I've always wanted to say that to someone.

And you've been doing so many roles in Disney films. You were in Wreck-It Ralph was your first, I think? Yes, I played King Candy, who was like Edwin, the old vaudeville actor. Of course. And they asked me to do an Edwin voice, and I said, okay, great. They said, they came to you and said, all right, we know this is a crazy request. Yes. Do you do an Edwin voice? It was more of my agent calling and saying, please tell me you do an Edwin voice. Really?

Because I've told them you can.

And the old thing about, can you ride a horse in your audition and you just say yes and then learn how to, how on set. You just showed up saying, yeah, I can do so. Did you have to do any research for it or?

I had, I was a really big fan of old television, classic television and. The honeymooners. That kind of thing, yes. The, I'm trying to think of any other show. The show of shows. Don't know that one. That the show of shows with.

I know your show of shows. Firefly? No, your show of shows.

Oh, not my personal show shows. Right, right, right, right.

Which I consider that the show.

That is your show of all shows. That's the one that catapulted you through the roof of stardom.

Into the stratosphere of all the stars that we see up there on our movies and TV screens.

Yes, yes, a household name. Yes, in my household, certainly.

Oh, brilliant. We always talk about you. The intelligent, the intelligent, obviously educated households across this fine country. Connoisseurs.

But yeah, old, old, old television. Yeah, I used to go to the radio of television and radio, the Museum of Radio and Television. What if it was the Museum of Radio and Radio?

It was like, look, we just got a lot of radios. So many of them. Can I see any commercials?

Sorry, wrong size.

No, no. You can listen to something on that radio right over there or that other radio.

They're both right there in the title. What do you have in static between stations?

Yeah, so I used to go there and listen, watch old Jack Benny shows and stuff like that.

Was he in Jack Benny shows or Ed Wynn? For those listeners out there who don't know who we're talking about, he had a voice very similar to this kind of thing. Yes, he sounded very much, he was actually a father of like six or something. Really?

Absolutely. Six children.

You wouldn't think. So Ed Wynn had sex at least six times.

At least that many. I would not have predicted that.

He wore a little hat a lot of the time. He was in vaudeville.

Vaudeville.

When you say a little hat, what do you mean? Like little for his head?

It was very small. It was. It was like a clown's hat.

Did it look like a tiny boat upon the tip of his crown or something?

It was more like a little fluff of whipped cream or something.

A dollop of cream? A dollop of cream if you just slice off the top.

And he was one of the first people to have a TV show. If not the first comedy show, sort of variety show, he did all of the sketches that he had built up in his writing over the years in vaudeville, over the many years, ran out of material after year one and was off the air.

A lot of people, like me, I had a show for five years. I probably ran out of my material episode one. I hired people to write me material. See, that was the lesson everyone learned after, well, what happened? Wait a minute. Now that's a lifetime of work.

Oh no. What do I do? May as well quit. He did voices for Disney. He did the Mad Hatter. Oh, the Mad Hatter, of course.

He was in the, oh, with the chick, the English room with the umbrella.

The English, oh, Mary Poppins, of course. Mary Poppins, right. You know, the chick with the umbrella, she comes in there and smacks around the kids.

Which a very famous Winifred is Mrs. Banks in that. Winifred Banks is the mother, I believe.

Yeah. A beautiful name, Winifred. Wouldn't you agree?

I think so for a man or a woman. Sure. It's a Fred if you're a man and a Winnie if you're a woman. Yeah.

Yeah. Wonderful name. Who doesn't want a Winnie for the sound a horse makes?

Yes, of course. In the name of a woman.

So he had one of those voices that was in many Disney films.

He had kind of like, if you watch a lot of the Disney things, you see the same voices kind of pop up like, the guy who did this is in Robin Hood. I can't remember his name, but it was like, hey, Mr. Haney. Yeah.

That guy, he's in like a lot of the stuff and Edwin was in a lot of that stuff. He passed away and they're like, we still need that Edwin magic. So they call you.

So they call somebody else and they cast somebody else to do the reading.

And then that person fell out right at the last minute.

Fell out. When you say fell out, do you mean off the face of the earth or?

I don't know. Oh, wow.

I don't even know. Do you have a clue as to who this person is?

I have a clue. I remember who I was told it was.

But I don't want to say who it was.

Of course you don't want to say because you don't want to blow up someone's spot.

He's a very nice person. And I bet he would have done a swell job.

In Hollywood.

Would have done a really good job. But it was like, can you do it? I said, I think actually, yeah, I think I actually can do his voice. Was that person doing an Edwin type voice?

Probably.

Okay. So they needed someone with that energy.

Yes. And I, and I, knowing who I believe I was told it was, he could do it.

He could do it. Okay. And how do they ask you to do it at that point? Do they know you do a lot of voices?

I think they went out to agents. I hadn't been doing a lot of voiceover. I had done Ice Age way back when.

All right.

And did three voices on Ice Age and my agent would always.

And you were like, here we go.

Yep.

This is my life now. I'm a voiceover King. Cut to a decade later.

And they're even making sequels. And I'm like, did you want to use me?

Remember, remember the guy who did three voices?

Come on, bring it home. The last melon. I was the one of the, the dodo birds.

The dodo bird, of course.

The Ice Age. Welcome to the Ice Age.

You said the titular line. Welcome to the Ice Age.

Yeah.

Yeah. So, and you could have said, welcome to the Ice Age too. But they never called you.

No, no. I ended up, they ended up bringing me back for something in four. I was in three.

I wasn't in two.

Wait a minute. Your story is now completely crumbling.

Well, I didn't do two. They said no to me to two.

They did three sequels. I wasn't in them. Of course I was in four. And yeah, I did three, of course.

Well, three. I didn't do two. Wait, I did two.

You did two as well? All right.

You're right. I did two. I did this and two. This was my line in two. I did this in two.

My stomach is killing me.

Oh, wow.

That was me. It was a bear who farts.

A bear who farts. Now, did you provide the actual farts for the bear as well?

Maybe that's why they didn't let me into three. Because that, I wasn't.

It wasn't supposed to be a bear that farts. It's just you kept constantly farting in the booth.

It was not good.

I was like, let's write this in.

Gastrointestinal issues. It was severe. So anyway, they called and she's convinced I can do, she convinced them I could do anything. And then- What an agent.

No, she really is cool.

Wow.

She's a friend. I always think- She's more of a friend than an agent, really.

Do you still pay her 10% though?

I think so.

She's more of an agent than a friend.

My friends, when I try to give them money, they're like, no, we're friends.

Right.

Yeah.

If you short them a few bucks, they won't- Yeah, they're not gonna- If I short her a few bucks- Suddenly you get an IOU.

Yeah. What's going on in the form of a lawyer?

Yeah, she's an agent.

Oh, but she's not- But she's so cool. No, but she's an agent.

I know, but that's just how we know each other. Whatever.

That's just how you know each other.

We're going hiking in Zion soon.

Let's see how your friendship- here's a test for you.

Okay.

And please promise me you'll do this before you hear what it is.

The minute the show is over, call her up and say, hey, you're fired as my agent, but you are rehired as my friend and I want to hang out with you even more now that you are fired.

I honestly think she'd be cool with it.

Really?

I do.

Okay, do it.

Oh, wait. I have to do that though.

She really doesn't- I don't even talk to her as an agent anymore.

She's gotten too big in the company.

Oh, yeah. That happened to me once.

I've known her for so long now. I don't even know the names.

That happened to me once. I had a manager who went off. I was his first client.

Started his own company and then suddenly started representing huge movie stars.

And I would get all the crumbs from his table. I consider him a friend too.

We're no longer together.

Yeah, I think I know who that guy is.

Oh, really? You can see him in the credits of Game of Thrones every week.

Oh, wow.

So you did that and they loved working with you so much that you have been in every animated film, and I consider them films, don't you?

Oh, yes.

Yes. Since Wreck-It Ralph, every Disney animated film. Is that correct? You're like the- What's that guy's name from Cheers? Cliff Huxtable?

Ratzenberger.

Oh, right.

Ratzenberger.

Ratzenberger, right.

Yes. Yeah. Because they- yes. It is a family feel over there.

And you're part of the- you're the- I mean, you're relatively young in the company, so you're maybe the scrappy little nephew who wants to sit at the big boy's table on Thanksgiving, because then you got the Ratzenbergers and all those people.

Well, they're Pixar. See, that's Pixar and there is a division.

Is there really?

Yeah.

So they're in another room.

Yeah. Ratzenberger does all of Pixar and I don't touch Pixar. I do animated, although I did do Iago, but that wasn't much more than just- Squawking.

Right.

I mean, and what a great character it was.

And of course, you're in Moana as well doing a very similar- Baka! Baka! Baka!

Yeah.

Yes. So that's Moana. And now do Iago and see if we can tell the difference.

Squawking.

Pretty similar, but I see- Magic carpet.

I haven't seen the film. I apologize for that. Does Iago say magic carpet in the film?

Squawking.

Yes, he does.

He does? Oh, okay.

He chimes in with like- Exposition?

Yeah. Whenever they- They really need to hammer a point home?

Yeah.

Dangerous. That kind of thing. You're right there. That's exactly what it was. It's far from what it was, which was a brilliant piece of Jafar! Hey, Jafar! What's going on?

Yeah.

What a wonderful voice, Gilbert.

Yeah.

Incredible man as well. But I'm talking to a different incredible man right now, Alan.

Tell us about this play. It's currently at the Geffen. Now, I used to have season tickets to the Geffen, and I saw Alfred Molina in Long Day's Journey Into Night.

Oh, wow.

It was a wonderful, wonderful experience. And then somehow they wrote me back the next year and said, do you want to re-up these tickets? I said, no, thanks. It was great.

I don't know what happened for this year. Had I known you were in this, I would have- There's a new- Well, you would have- I'll let you finish that.

I would have re-up- Yeah. I mean, you know what I was going to say.

I thought that's where it was going. I wasn't sure.

I would have shit my pants. I don't know.

There's Matt Shakman's, a new artistic director there.

Oh, wow. Shakman?

Yeah.

Do you call him Shak for fun? Or you ever call him Kazam and see if he can try to figure it out?

Wait, they're calling me Kazam all of a sudden. I don't know why.

Oh, because my- Kazak was in Kazam, and my name's Shakman.

Yeah, he would get it eventually, probably. But just if everyone in the cast started, just every time they saw him, said, hey, Kazam. He would probably start to go, why is everyone calling me Kazam? I just, my God.

This is the last week of the show. You got to get those in there.

I got to. I got to, at least in an email.

Sure. Or a text.

Hey, Kazam.

I actually have, I was at a gym off the road. I was at a gym in 1995 in New York City, working out.

I wanted to say you have a great body.

Thank you.

I know that's why people say they've been to gyms.

It was the seeds I planted in 1995.

In 1995. They've really grown to fruition right now.

Yes. I heard, Shakman, Shakman, Shakman, put me down, put me down, Shakman. And I looked over, honest to God, it was Shak bench pressing Regis Philbin.

And they had a remote- A remote?

A remote camera crew, like a remote, they were doing a remote for the TV show of Regis and Kathy, I guess it was at that time.

Kathy Lee.

Gifford.

Gifford. Yeah. Back when those two were hooked up.

Yeah. When they were a couple.

It was a beautiful love.

Yeah.

So he's bench pressing Regis.

And then they stop and Shak's like, man, you gotta quit wiggling.

It's your heart. You gotta stay straight. You gotta stay straight.

Stiff as a board, light as a film.

Okay. I got it. Sure thing. Sure thing. Let's do it again.

Let's do it again. Put me down, Shakman. Put me down. Put me down, Shakman.

So that was your first Shakman experience cut to 24 years later.

Right.

You're with a different Shakman. He's the artistic director of this playhouse.

And he directed, this is his first play to direct as the artistic director at the Geffen Playhouse.

Whoa.

Yeah.

Tell us a little bit about this show. Give me the elevator pitch. You know what the elevator pitch is, of course. You're on an elevator. You don't have much time. You don't know when these doors are opening and when I'm getting off.

Oh my God.

So you're in the elevator already. All right. Okay. Doors open. I step in. You recognize me as someone you want to tell about the play.

Right.

Okay. I press the button. You don't see what button I press.

So you don't even know.

I don't even know how much time I have.

Yeah, exactly. Okay. So here we go. I press the button.

Ding.

Hi, my name is Alan. Do you know me already? I don't know.

Let me just go. You already know me already. Oh my God. I got to tell you about this thing.

Big fan. Big fan.

Big huge fan. Wait till you hear about this. Okay. Wait.

Push the button again. Let the doors close. Okay. Oh, are we going backwards? All right.

Here we go.

Did you hear about Richard Lonslyn Green, the scholar?

I'm just trying to read my phone.

Well, okay. Yeah. But listen, in addition to that, you can hear out of this ear as well.

Sir, do you have an issue?

Yes, I do.

You need medical assistance?

I do.

Here, let's stop the elevator.

Thank you. Dear God. Now I can breathe. Oh boy.

Okay. Let's get his chest open.

No, no, no, no, no.

Get the jaws of life.

Where's my EpiPen? That's all I need. It is a man named Richard Lonslyn Green in 2004 was murdered.

Murdered.

Or suicided.

One or the other.

One of those two things.

He was not, he was either killed by a human being, killed by himself. He was not killed by God, however.

There's no evidence.

Natural causes.

There is no, no, no.

Although God has his little fingers and all sorts of different pies down here on earth.

So he may have influenced the murderer, but.

He garroted. He was garroted.

He was garroted. Oh my God. That's hard to do yourself.

There's the whole rub.

But the official sort of, they're like, we think it was a suicide, but there's all of these things around him. It's like, how could it have been a suicide?

There's all of these things around him that don't make any sense. He's garroted with a bootlace.

He doesn't even own boots.

A bootlace.

A bootlace. Yes.

He doesn't own boots.

No, he only has slip-on loafers at home.

Did, now, did they ever find a receipt where it was like, he, you know, it was from, I don't know, DW, what is that shoe store, DW something?

R.

DWR, yes. And it was for boots. And he wrote on the receipt, I threw the boots away, but kept the laces just in case. I buy different boots someday. There was never any clue like that?

There might have been, but the police botched it up so, so thoroughly, they might've like, put a wad of chewing gum in there and tossed it away. That's how bad they were.

And what's, what's- Also, right before his death, he was telling his friends, someone is trying to kill me.

Well, this is a big clue right here.

It's a huge clue. Someone's trying to kill me. Here's three phone numbers. There's all of this stuff out there. There was a, there was a, there was an auction going on that he was trying to stop for, they were auctioning off all of these.

He was trying to win the auction, stop it by winning or he was trying to get it called off?

Get it stopped because somebody had tampered with the will of the daughter of Sir Arthur Conan Doyle, who wrote Sherlock Holmes. And she was, these distant relatives were auctioning off all of these writings that were going to go into private hands.

And he, they were supposed to go to the British library.

And this guy is a real Sherlock Holmes head.

Oh, he's the hugest fan there is. He is, he's a scholar. He is the, he's the king nerd.

Does he cosplay as him or?

Yes.

He does. So he wanders around the house or?

I'm sure that as well. He had over 40,000 books, albums, different Sherlock Holmes, his library, just he had, he had costumes.

Over 40,000 pieces in his library.

Yes.

A memorabilia surrounding Sherlock Holmes. Amazing.

He had like.

I have about 30,000. So I know that that's, I mean, that's pretty incredible.

So you have a good judge of how much that is.

Yeah, I have a good claim. I have a good idea. It's just a little bit larger than mine.

Yeah. He had like his, his flat. And then he had taken over the flat next to that one and the one next to that one.

Okay. Oh, okay. So you have three flats.

And money.

Wow. Yeah. How's it, how's he have so much money?

He was from a rich family.

Oh yeah. I got to get into one of those.

Yeah. It's, it's, it seems to work out well until garroting.

Oh yeah.

There is a danger for garroting.

The more you have, the more people want.

Although no one stole anything out of his apartment after his murder and the door was locked from the inside.

What?

So there's all of these great clues and, uh, you, you follow his life in 2004. So the last three months of his life. And it also goes back to the 19th century Conan Doyle. When Conan Doyle decides to stop writing Sherlock Holmes, he, he hated Sherlock Holmes.

He did because it became an albatross around his neck. His most famous character. He wanted to do different things. He wanted to maybe write about horses or, you know, unicorns.

Obscure British history.

Yes.

That's what he wanted. Sentimental poetry. He wanted to be taken seriously.

Oh, okay.

And no one gave a damn about those writings.

Yeah. You and I don't care about those. We like Sherlock Holmes.

I like sentimental history. I like that. I like the mashup of those two.

Right. Yes.

And Sherlock Holmes.

When you say sentimental history, exactly what do you mean by sentimental history? History that people are fond of or look back upon with a hazy remembrance of like, oh, those were the days.

Yeah.

Were they?

They were. Yes, they were slaves.

Sure.

Technically.

Technically, those were the good old days.

But the lemonade. Oh my God. Not too tart and not too sweet.

So who, so I'm presuming this is in England because you said the word flat three times.

Yes.

And occasionally you've been lapsing into an accent that I can only presume is sort of English.

Yeah, governor.

What? Extree, extree.

What character do you play? Do you play the, I was going to say titular, but his name is not in the actual play.

That would be the second time you use the word titular.

Yes, I love it. You know, a lot of people say.

They come in twos. Hey! But.

Yeah, sorry.

Do you play this guy who is garrotted?

I do.

Okay.

And I play Sherlock Holmes.

Oh, dual role.

Dual role.

Okay.

And everyone in the play plays multiple roles.

Okay.

So the guy.

Like you and Ice Age.

Yes.

Wow.

Yes, but no one, and then everyone's going to be in the second one, but just for one line.

And then you may or may not be in the third.

Not in the third, but brought back for the fourth.

Okay.

And then I don't know what they did in number five.

Yeah, so like.

So you're in it until the end of the week.

Yes.

Sunday, I believe, is your last show.

So you have how many do you do a week? Eight or so?

We do eight.

Eight a week.

So I'm presuming that's a, look, if I'm going to guess, I'm going to say a Tuesday night, a Wednesday matinee, a Thursday.

No.

What do we got?

That's the Broadway schedule.

Okay. What do you win?

It's Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, Saturday matinee, Saturday night, Sunday matinee.

Sunday night. Oh, okay. Because people here in LA, they, we work hard. We play hard.

Yeah.

On the weekends, we like to go see plays about Sherlock Holmes.

They like to brunch also.

There's a good brunch crowd at the Geffen.

You live in Los Angeles. What's your brunch spot?

I have a theory on brunch.

You do.

My theory is you want to find a place that is good enough where you're like, yeah, that was fine, but bad enough that there's no line.

Yeah.

You know, like all the good places have the massive lines and you can't get into them.

So it's gotta be bad. It's gotta be like, not very good, but it's gotta be just good enough that you're like, yeah, I enjoyed that. I guess. I don't know.

Maybe I wouldn't go back.

That's very, that's one definite way to do it.

Or you could get up super early and like just be there with the church crowd.

Yeah, that's true. Wait, the church crowd goes to brunch before church?

Is it even brunch at that point? That's just breakfast, isn't it?

Now I found that I was a waiter, of course, for many, many years.

Me too.

Eye upon a decade. Really? Where did you weigh tables? You seem like an Ed De Bevix guy.

No, I was in New York. I was Harry's Burritos.

Oh, Harry's Burritos. Yeah. That was my second choice.

I was slinging.

I see that.

I was slinging tacos.

But I remember when I was in Marie Callender's out there in Whittier, California, the church crowd would come in around 1230 on Sundays every single week, right after church.

Sloth. Right there. Sloth.

And then they would all want to be there. Like they would say, hi, table for 25, please. No, we don't have a reservation.

Separate checks, please.

Righteousness. Gluttony.

What are the other four?

Murder?

Moisture.

That's a major one.

Especially if it gets into your house.

Well, yeah, because the wood, that's the thing. That's what will take it down.

So what is your spot? Do you have a spot? Maybe you don't want to reveal it.

A brunch spot?

Yeah.

I eat at home.

You eat at home. There you go. That's the way to do it.

Which is actually exactly what you described. Not so good that anybody else wants to eat there, really.

You ever open it up to your friends? I know you're friendly with this agent of yours.

Hey, want to come by my house on Sunday?

She would. She would.

Has she ever, though?

We are going hiking in Zion. Her husband and my wife and like as couples, we're going repelling.

Like that's...

Repelling?

Repelling.

Have you ever repelled before?

Indoors.

Oh, okay. But never outdoors.

Never outdoors.

It's a whole different ball game out there.

Have you done this?

I have actually.

Ah!

Yeah, if you can believe it.

I can. Well, I'm believing it right now.

Perhaps when I was 15 years old or so, and it was very, very frightening.

Thunderbolt and lightning. And just trusting the people that have your life in their hands.

It's sort of frightening. But then again, I once went to Costa Rica and I did that whole where you hang out the zip line thing over just over like a giant chasm.

And I said to the guy, I go, how long have you been working here?

And he said, 10 years and five days a week.

And I said, how many accidents have been?

None.

And that just made me feel better.

It's like, you know, he's been here five days a week, 10 years, no accidents.

Why am I going to be the first?

Right. Well, I don't know. I trust.

Britney's husband.

Britney is her name.

Yeah.

Oh, it's Britney, bitch. Interesting.

OK, I'm going to suss out who this agent is.

Britney Balbo.

Oh, Britney Balbo. OK, wonderful.

Where's your no, I don't.

She's at UTA.

You tell UTA fam hashtag UTA fam. I, of course, had to fire my agents.

I'm not at this is how much of a friend she's. I'm not at UTA.

I'm just at Britney Balbo UTA.

I only do voiceover UTA.

Oh, I oh, I get it.

So like wherever I go, I go, I'll do.

But I'm over there.

But I'm but for voice.

OK, got it. Got it.

I'm wherever Britney goes.

I love that.

OK, so we share UTA connection.

So that's very special to us.

They let me in the front door.

Right. Of course.

Yeah.

I go up straight up the elevator from the parking garage.

So that's how I like to do it.

So this play goes until the end of the week.

People can still get tickets.

People can fly into L.A. to see this.

As far as you're concerned, you don't care, right?

I think they should.

There's some really great deals right now on airfare.

And you should that's mainly what you're here to promote.

Is that right?

Yes.

You're a Priceline spokesperson.

Yes.

I'm a Priceline negotiator.

Yeah.

Well, you negotiate all the prices.

I do.

Wow.

I do.

And on your seats as well.

It's all up for grabs.

You tell me what you want to pay and then we'll talk about what what's realistic.

What's realistic and what are you bringing to the table?

Are you going to open up candies during the performance?

So you really get into people's like whole psychology here when you're negotiating.

We are putting on a show and I want to be in part.

I want to be a part of every step of that way.

Well, this is incredible.

I mean, you have so much other stuff coming up, of course.

We'll get to that in the plugs a little later.

But and I mean, you're in Star Wars, Rogue One.

I mean, one of one of our busiest actors out there.

And yet you made time.

You you requested to do this show.

I did.

Which is is means a lot to me because I think I was saying to you, I never get the call.

Someone wants to do it.

I'm always out there like chasing people.

So I appreciate it.

And so funny in the comedy, Bang Bang TV show.

You were so great in that.

I think it was just one day with us.

Was that right?

You did all your scenes in one day.

I did.

So good.

I don't know if you ever saw it cut together, but it was.

Oh, yeah.

So funny.

Yeah.

A great episode.

We need to take a break.

When we come back, though, we will have the entrepreneur.

Are you interested in entrepreneurship?

Yeah.

Great.

So we're going to be talking to her about the one who's making the sandwiches or the one.

No, the other.

Well, the other person smelling something I like, I believe that'll be a little later with the sandwiches.

Yeah, we'll be right back with more comedy.

Bang Bang after this comedy.

Bang Bang.

We're back here.

Alan Tudyk is here with us.

So great in, of course, Firefly.

I have a million Firefly questions that I could ask you.

You ever read the comics that are out there?

With that to sort of continue.

I did.

I mainly only read one.

One issue or only one issue.

Okay.

Well, that's enough.

I read again here.

My story's already changing.

There was there was.

I'd love to get you under the hot interrogation lights and really just like figure out.

Watch me.

Exactly.

Just watch you crack.

There's there's one that Patton Oswald wrote.

Oh, yes, I read that one.

Yeah.

About my character and like three people reminiscing about who my character was.

And they all have a different idea of who he was.

When you read that, do you read your lines out loud and go, oh, I wish I was doing this.

Oh, yeah.

Yeah.

Such a great character.

It was.

I'd love to see a sequel to the movie or something.

I think there will be one day.

Yeah.

I really do.

I think why not?

I think it'll be in another five to ten years.

Five to ten years.

Now, if you've not seen Firefly and plan to put those spoiler earmuffs on because I'm going to ask a question.

Yes.

All right.

Everyone ready?

All right.

Here we go.

Now, your character.

Oh, I'm going to lower my voice.

OK, good.

Do you mind just talking a little lower?

Oh, yeah, let's go.

Your character died in the in the in the Serenity in the movie.

Keep it down.

Sorry, bro.

Play it cool.

But how how would you be in a sequel?

Like a robot or something?

This is just I'm just thinking about this now for the first time.

Wait, you didn't you did not realize this.

I'm realizing I probably will not be in it.

You probably won't, bro.

No, no, no.

Because I said five to ten, didn't I?

I'm already dead.

Yeah, I hope you haven't been you haven't already spent that money that you were counting on for the sequel, have you?

Did you see the car I pulled up in?

Yeah, that was beautiful.

That's the paycheck.

It was a stretch like Toyota Corolla.

I've never seen I don't I did I couldn't quite figure out why someone would do that.

They only made him in 1987 and they only made like thirty thousand of them.

Only thirty thousand.

How did they sell the other twenty nine thousand nine hundred ninety nine?

I don't know.

I was one of the first ones I grabbed it.

Yeah, that was not a good business decision.

It wasn't a long line behind me.

But yeah, I so.

All right.

How I bought it in eighty five and the show to come out in 2003.

I was spending that paycheck anyway.

Anyway.

All right.

Spoiler earmuffs back off.

We have stopped talking about it, but great to have you here.

We're going to get to our next guest.

She is an entrepreneur and we talked to her a while ago.

I believe the was the bench of virtues on when you were on last year.

I recall that she has many businesses out there, or at least one that I can remember.

Please welcome back to the show, Mary Lisa.

Oh, thank you.

Hello.

Hi.

Is it?

Wait.

Is your last name Lisa or is your first name Mary Lisa?

Last name Lisa.

Yes.

So you have two first names.

Interesting, right?

It is interesting.

What's your middle name?

Johnson?

Yes.

No, no, no.

It's not Smith.

Smith.

Oh, well, still.

Yes.

You know, I am an entrepreneur.

I do know that, by the way, this is Alan.

Oh, hello.

Nice to meet you.

Hi.

Nice to meet you.

Wait to get your checkbook out now, buddy.

OK.

Yeah.

That's Serenity 2 money that's not coming.

Yeah, that that Bancho Verchas.

Oh, man, they invested in my last idea.

They invested because they were really hot on your idea.

Do you know the Bancho Verchas?

I have.

I think I heard their jingle in them.

I mean, they're using it in a.

Right.

Yeah.

I don't think they wrote it as a jingle, but maybe they did.

Who knows?

Aren't all songs just extended jingles?

If you're lucky.

That business I've sad to report has gone tits up.

Oh, no.

Is that the technical term?

Yeah, it is.

They come in pairs, as a wise man once said.

I had to write that on the forms at the bank.

Oh, no.

Tits reason.

Tits up.

Oh, I'll remind you of it.

You know, 23andMe, you know those things.

Yeah.

You submit your DNA and they tell you who you're related to or what your nationality is.

Exactly.

Well, that was just letting the government have your DNA.

That's the thing.

You hear all these these these are you.

You hear articles, maybe if they're read aloud to you by your nephew.

He's a wonderful reader.

About people solving murders and crimes from their 23andMe.

There's no way they're getting my DNA.

That's the thing.

I don't want to get caught.

Who knows what I've done?

Well, I know, and I'm not telling anyone.

I'm wonderful.

But so basically I was offering my own personal 23andMe service where I taste your jizz and then tell you what your nationality was.

You have the taste buds, just incredibly sophisticated taste buds.

Well, that's that's what I thought.

As I recall, you had only tasted one.

Well, it turns out I was just looking at the person and I would taste the jizz.

And you would just make a guesstimate based upon their European.

You know what I mean?

And yeah, it was a huge failure.

And let me tell you, I tasted too much jizz.

Yeah.

How much is too much?

I know I actually have to get a fecal transplant.

Oh, no.

Yes, that's a real thing.

What is that?

What do you get?

Somebody else's poo put into your intestine to sort of level out to flush it out.

Yeah.

OK.

You can eat too much jizz.

Wow.

So who's who's I mean, I don't know if we want to get too deep into the weeds on this, but who's poo did you someone famous or one of the other reasons I'm on the show.

I'm looking for a healthy donor.

Now, if you remember last time, I asked people, please send your jizz to the Earwolf Studios.

Right.

And now I'm asking, please send all fecal samples here.

I don't know.

Scott.

No, I don't know.

And I'll pick them up from Scott because my mailbox is it's in a bad neighborhood.

I got to say this was an issue the last time you were on the show.

We got all sorts of strange pieces in the mail that we didn't even want to open.

Well, and that's why I think my business failed because I could have come here, picked them up.

Yeah, you never came by.

I mean, it's been I think September was that show or something.

I had to drive around.

Think of my gas bill.

Go to people's homes.

So you went to you went to the people.

Yes, I did.

Because you had to you had to clock them in order to figure out exactly.

That's what I later found out.

I thought someone said, wait a minute, you're looking at me.

Are you biased?

You know what I mean?

Is this just you're just guessing?

And I thought, oh, I never thought of it that way.

You know?

Yeah.

So send all fecal samples, please.

Attention, Scott Aukerman.

I really don't want.

You don't want me to feel better, Scott?

I don't know.

Maybe we maybe we could send them to UTA over there.

Attention.

That's a good idea.

Attention.

What's her name?

Brittany.

Brittany Bosom.

Right.

Was that it?

Yeah.

UTA is over there on the Avenue of the Stars.

Because I live in a bad neighborhood.

Send it to Endeavor.

Oh, Endeavor.

Yeah, Endeavor is good.

Yeah.

I just I live in a bad neighborhood and they'll steal anything out of my mailbox.

What neighborhood do you live in?

Uh, Hollywood.

Yeah.

I live behind the studio here.

Oh, you live right over here behind the studio?

Yes, that's how I got on the show.

You just wandered in?

I mean, every time.

I know we have sort of an open door policy.

In fact, I don't even know how you got on the show.

Maybe you just wandered in.

My limo broke down.

Oh, yeah.

By the way, you also your limo broke down.

So you drove your stretch Toyota Corolla here, which is like.

Well, that's I call that my that is my.

Oh, I see.

That's my limo.

The line we call the lime limo because it's lime green.

Oh, yeah.

Yeah.

Oh, yeah.

Sorry, I didn't say that.

It's lime lime green.

Yeah.

And plus it has it has like Sprite branding on the side.

It only came like that.

Yeah, that isn't just a Sprite wrap all the way around it.

Yeah.

Interesting.

So you just live right back here.

I do.

Why then we're in a bad neighborhood too.

Like it would get stolen for us.

The front desk.

I guess.

Please.

My intestines are ripped as shreds.

Real.

Yeah, I don't know that we can be the harbor in the storm for you here.

Then perhaps you'd like to be a donor.

I could maybe.

I mean, what exactly are you looking for?

I'm looking for firmness.

I don't know.

I mean, I feel sort of this summer.

I've been sort of dried out, you know?

Yeah, I need to drink more water.

So I'm not sure it's as firm as I'm not sure it's as firm as you need.

Okay.

Well, if any of your listeners have a nice firm.

I got you.

Oh, okay.

All right.

I got during the break.

We'll take care of this.

This is a real ice age three.

You know what I mean?

I don't actually.

Well, you have to freeze the sample.

Oh, I oh, okay.

That makes sense now.

Okay.

So you have a new business?

I do.

I opened up.

It's just down the street.

I've opened up a brick.

So you work close to home.

Yes.

Okay.

Isn't that the dream?

Yeah.

You know, walk to work.

Oh, of course.

Yeah.

I'm opening up a brick and mortar store.

Oh, wonderful.

Yeah.

I'm going old school on this one.

You know, everyone's online.

You're not selling brick and mortar.

Are you?

I wish that's a rough business to get into.

That's tough.

Yes.

And it's very heavy.

Yeah.

Too heavy.

Yeah.

I don't want to transport all those bricks or mortars.

Yeah.

A lot of people don't think about that when they get into that business.

How heavy the stuff can be.

That's true.

You know, it's not even, you know, it's just, it's a simple business and I'm really taking it back to the simpler times.

Okay.

When you say the simpler times, do you mean sentimental history or?

I do.

Yes.

It does have something to do with sentimental history.

Think about your dad.

Okay.

You know, my dad specifically, everyone should think about my dad.

Yes.

If you don't mind.

Alan, do you mind thinking about my dad?

Do you want to see a picture of him?

It's harder for me to not think about your dad.

Oh, thank you so much.

Let me try to find a picture here.

Okay, here you go.

Here's a picture of him.

Yeah.

Lovely.

He's a nice looking man.

Yeah.

I see the resemblance.

Let me ask you a question.

Did your dad like nuts?

Just say yes, please, because this is for the business.

You've already ruined one of my businesses.

I ruined your business by giving you a platform to talk about it?

Okay.

Yes.

Yeah.

He, I mean, as I recall, he's eaten nuts.

Okay.

Well then he would love my store.

What is your store?

Nutstalgia.

We're selling old fashioned nuts.

The kind you used to remember your dad eating.

I don't know.

What?

I don't know what exactly you mean by old fashioned nuts.

Is I, do you mean nuts that are no longer growing or?

Well, don't you find today's nuts are just, they're different than they used to be and all the chemicals and it's just different.

Don't you crave the nuts of yesteryear?

I don't know.

I crave the nuts I used to remember.

I've now forgotten them.

But I now remember them again with Nutstalgia.

Yes.

That's what makes them.

Where do the chemicals come into play here with nuts?

I don't, preservatives.

Preservatives.

Yeah.

These are a hundred percent preservative free old fashioned nuts like your dad used to eat.

Oh, okay.

Because they don't have preservatives in them, do they tend to get stale very quickly?

Yeah.

You've got to buy them within a day.

Wait, you have to buy them within a day of when they get to the store?

Yes.

So it's a small store and we've got a lot of turnover.

Sure.

You're just throwing out nuts every day.

I would imagine.

I mean, this is going to help with the fecal sample.

I think so.

Yes.

I feel like they're all tied into each other somehow.

Right.

Yeah.

I did have a problem.

So I put up the sign yesterday.

Oh, congratulations.

Thank you.

What's the sign is?

Does it just have the...

It says Nutstalgia.

Nutstalgia, sure.

The title of the business.

Remember the nuts your dad used to eat.

Okay.

That's the tagline.

Yes.

And right.

There's already been a lot of graffiti on the store.

Oh, on the, on the sign or on the...

Everywhere.

Really?

Your dad eats nuts and eat these nuts, bitch.

And all these...

Oh no.

I don't know what to do, Scott.

Do I open the grand opening party was supposed to be tonight?

Oh no, this is quite a conundrum.

Wow.

What would Sherlock Holmes make of this?

Yeah, this is...

I need him.

He would, yes.

He tracked down the perpetrators, the culprits, and all of those sorts of things.

Who do you think is doing it?

Do you think local toughs or...

I mean, I can only assume youth because they don't understand old nuts.

Do you know what I mean?

They all, they only know one type of new.

They don't know the reference to the older nuts that don't have preservatives.

They just think millennials.

Yeah.

So true.

They don't have any nuts.

Stalgia.

Right.

Yeah.

Just say that the name I came up with it.

You did just say it works.

It works.

You know what I mean?

It's a pun.

Is it?

I don't.

I think it's a play on word.

I don't know.

It's fun.

It is fun.

Whatever it is.

Yeah.

So what do I do about these youth and this opening party?

Well, I would say your first step would be maybe to wash off the graffiti.

Have you tried that at this point?

They're using permanent markers here.

They're using markers?

Yes.

Tagging.

Oh, okay.

So no spray paint, just permanent markers.

So that's my first problem.

The second problem is...

Well, you have more than one problem.

That's a huge one.

Big nut shipments coming in today and I have to sell them today.

Well, you have the grand opening.

Do I?

This is the question.

It's so hard being a business owner.

It really is.

And I still have up to 2000 cards that say I eat your jizz.

Well, I would say that you probably can get rid of those.

I mean, I don't know if there's going to be any call for those in any of your future endeavors.

I don't know about that.

I don't know.

Can you get maybe there's some sort of local boys club, Boys and Girls Club of America, who would prefer to do some sort of community service and wash off or repaint a sign or something.

Some of the interesting.

Yeah, some good youth.

Yeah.

I hope for every bad youth.

I think there's a good youth.

Hopefully.

I just did.

I just want to find people who appreciate old fashioned nuts as much as I do.

You know what I mean?

The nuts your father used to eat.

Yeah, I remember.

Did you did your father used to eat nuts?

No, he's deathly allergic.

Oh, yes.

Then why did you get into this business?

It seems like you have no nut-stalga yourself.

Some may say that, but everyone would say that based on the fact.

Doesn't that mean I want more nut-stalga?

You know what I mean?

Because you have zero?

Exactly.

I guess you could use a little more up to 100% more.

Everybody could use a little nut-stalga.

I mean, the name works.

It just works.

Can I ask you, did you just come up with a name or did you mispronounce nostalgia one day and then you backed into the business that way?

You got to back into your business ideas.

That's what I always say.

I teach a class on businesses and I say first step back in.

Where do you teach this class?

Well, I was trying to teach it at nut-stalga, the nuts your father used to eat.

But it turns out I don't think I'm going to open.

Why not?

I mean, look, this may help the business.

This podcast?

I mean, you know, no press is bad press, right?

Is that the saying?

All press is good press.

No press is bad press.

I can't remember which one it is.

Whatever it is, I mean, I'm sure that someone may write an article about this problem or at least, you know, you'll pop up in the crime blotter in the local papers.

Okay.

I was going to bring some of the nuts to sample and share with you guys.

Yeah, it seems like that would have been something good to do.

Yeah, it's just the shipment's coming in later.

And I know this podcast can sometimes go on a while and I'm worried the nuts would lose their freshness.

So you wanted, okay, you wanted to schedule it around when the nuts would actually be delivered.

I tried.

Oh, okay.

But it got delayed?

Apparently your podcast won't move for my nuts.

You know what I mean?

Why did, now when you say, you know what I mean, you're waggling your eyebrows up and down like it's a suggestive thing you're saying.

Yes, you know what I mean?

It seems to me like you got into the business knowing that people would think it was sort of a double entendre.

Double on what?

A double entendre.

Alan, do you know the definition of double entendre?

It's something that has a double meaning.

Yeah, certainly.

That's just the basis of it.

Perhaps a more benign meaning like nut-stalgia, old nuts that your dad used to put in his mouth.

Yes, that's better than what I have on the sign.

Let me call the sign people.

So that has a purely innocent meaning in one respect to a lot of us who are not connoisseurs.

Yes.

But to these youths who have dirty minds that are filled with just filth, they see that and they look at it in the other meaning, meaning that your father used to ingest testicles.

Oh my God.

Wait, you haven't realized why they were...

I've made another terrible mistake.

How much of your money did you put into this business?

All of it.

I sued all the people whose jizz made me sick.

Okay, did you get any money?

Class action lawsuit?

No, unfortunately no.

I spent a lot of money on legal fees for that one.

Okay, so you're out a little bit of money there.

But my family money, we were discussing it earlier, which is not much.

It's a simple $2 million.

Wait a minute, what does your family do?

Well, they are also entrepreneurs.

Oh, okay.

The Lisa family, what have they done?

Do you know what a band-aid is?

I think... I don't want to speak for Alan.

Do you know what a band-aid is?

I have several on right now.

It's a brand name for a type of adhesive bandage, a disposable adhesive bandage.

Exactly.

And then there's something called an owie sticker.

I'm less familiar with an owie sticker.

That's what the Lisa family created.

Oh, okay.

Yes, less popular for sure.

Owie sticker.

Yes, yes.

$2 million worth of owie stickers, that's not bad.

Now, is there a double entendre there?

Now that I know the word?

Well, I guess...

Yeah, technically...

Okay.

Technically...

I hate to even say this word, but I'll try to say the technical word, but a penis...

You know, could be considered an owie sticker.

I guess I said it before to you regarding the Bruce Willis film, The Color of Night.

That's what I'm thinking of.

Yeah.

Oh, yes, he shows his owie sticker in that movie.

I remember, I remember.

Right.

Yeah, and that was your owie sticker.

Yes, yes.

Great, owie sticker.

Thank you, thank you.

Yes, yes.

You know, every time I come here, I feel like my whole world is just torn apart.

But why do you keep coming back, Mary Lisa?

That's a great question.

Here's the main truth.

It's hot today.

And you guys have AC.

When you walk in, they offer you water and there's AC and a toilet.

And there's a person right at the front saying, hey, no, we don't need...

You know, don't steal our mail.

Exactly.

Okay.

Well, I'm sorry that every time you're on the show, your ideas get shot down.

Are you sorry?

I mean, I don't think it's me.

I just think it's you have bad ideas.

I think your brain is kind of broken.

Interesting.

Maybe for my brain, I need an owie sticker.

We're not talking about a penis in your brain.

Are you?

Because who knows?

All right, look, we need to take a break.

When we come back, we'll have our...

Oh, the artisan sandwich maker.

This is exciting.

Oh, man, I've just been getting hungry this whole time.

Smelling the oil, the vinegar.

We'll be right back with more Comedy Bang Bang after this.

Comedy Bang Bang, we're back here.

Alan Tudyk, of course.

Mysterious Circumstances is the play.

Just one week left.

It's already been extended.

Yes.

As far as I know, there will be no further extensions.

I don't think at this theater you can extend any further.

We're overextended.

You're overextended.

Although this guy, this Shaq man, he's the artistic director.

He could just say to the next play like, hey, sorry, it's just not working out.

I think it's, yeah, it's really big stars coming next.

Oh, really?

Who we got?

Shaq?

Regis?

There's a Dina Menzel is on some poster out front.

Oh my God.

On like a digital scroll.

He's got a Macbeth coming with one of the Game of Thrones dudes.

Really?

Which guy?

Jamie Lannister.

Oh, Jamie Lannister?

Why did I give up these season tickets?

I know.

What is wrong with me?

I had the beautiful seats.

So I had like the exit row seats where I had like extra leg room.

Oh, it was like comfort plus.

Nice.

I don't know why I gave these things up.

Oh, can you talk to Shaq man about it?

I can.

I'll email him, man.

Email Shaq man.

I'll bench press him whatever he wants.

We also have Mary Lisa is here of the what is the it's the nuts that you think that you.

You think you remember your dad eating.

Yes.

Is that the new wrinkle to it during the break?

Because some people are like, I don't remember.

And it's like, well, you maybe you could think.

Maybe you.

Yeah, it's like an inkling that repress repress memories.

Okay.

I'm encouraging people to get hypnotherapy in order to remember.

Yeah, they can remember their dad eating nuts.

Repressed father nut memories.

Exactly.

Um, that's maybe not such a great idea to try to get to dredge some of those memories.

Another time I have a bad idea.

Fine.

All right.

We need to get to our next guest.

He is a oh, this is incredible.

An artist and say I have so many questions about sandwiches, including the aforementioned.

Is it always two pieces of bread?

Because sometimes it's three, you know, in a club.

But it can't be one, can it?

I don't know.

We'll find out.

Please welcome Petey Tweety.

Hello.

Yes.

Hello.

Petey Tweety here.

How you doing?

I'm I'm great.

This is Alan.

This is Mary Lisa.

Hello, Mary Lisa.

Hello, Alan.

Hey, Petey.

Hey, how are we doing?

We're doing.

I think I said I'm doing great.

Okay, good.

You guys got to try one of my new sandwiches.

Do you have them here?

I didn't bring any.

That was a mistake.

I apologize.

I came.

What was I smelling?

Because I smell.

I thought I smelled some.

Yeah.

Oh, I have my bag with me.

My bag keeps a lot of stench.

It's like a hot bag.

One of those pizza bags.

Oh, okay.

I didn't have the money for one of those good ones.

So it's just thick burlap.

And it really sops up the scent.

Oh, I see.

So you've been transporting sandwiches for a matter of months.

Yeah.

Well, that's maybe even years.

It's out of the bag.

You know, I'm making great new sandwiches and my location is right on the 101 freeway.

On the 101 freeway?

Right on the 101.

What do you mean?

You must mean like on the 101 in Cahuenga, just off if you take the off ramp or something.

Just above the off ramp on the freeway.

On the actual freeway?

Call box 132 is where I set up my sandwiches.

Okay.

So I don't know that that's a...

With the drive-through.

Yeah, the ultimate drive-through.

I don't think you can stop to pay.

Correct.

Well, between five, four and seven, you can get walk-up service.

Oh, sure.

Because it's traffic time.

So that's my big hours.

Right.

Oh, those are peak hours for you.

Peak, peak.

And sometimes morning I'll make breakfast sandwiches.

Oh, wow.

And that's between, again, four and seven.

Not as popular.

But at four and seven AM?

Yes, yes.

This is not a bad idea, come to think of it.

I mean, how many times have I been stuck on the freeway in traffic, trying to get to Sony or something, the furthest place on earth, and just thinking, man, I didn't have time for breakfast, but I'm going to be late.

You got to try one of my Sony mascarpone.

What is in this?

It's a Sony mascarpone.

It's a sweet sandwich that you're taking across the 10 to Culver City where nobody wants to go.

Okay.

Because you're miserable driving all the way west, but you got to have a sweet treat to go.

So it's a mascarpone Sony sandwich.

And when you say sweet, how sweet are we talking?

Too sweet.

Really?

Too sweet.

It goes...

You know, sweet and savory, there's a mix.

It's got no savory.

Absolutely no savory.

A hundred percent sweet.

The bread, which it is two pieces of bread.

Okay, great.

It's those sugar wafers, the pink ones.

Oh, yeah.

Those are nasty, right?

And then you put a little mascarpone cheese in the middle, also too sweet.

Right.

Why do you show it if you think it's too sweet?

Well, that's artisan.

Artisan sandwiches are like sandwiches you would want to eat, but they're weird.

I see.

That's the definition.

That's what it is.

Thank you.

So if you take a normal sandwich, like a turkey sandwich that Alan would make at home, because he's making a lot of food at home, food I hear.

No one coming by for it.

But what's a typical sandwich day at your house?

Sandwich day would be PB&J, really.

I like a good PB&J.

So what ingredients do you use?

I use a Jif peanut butter.

I use a...

I just want to interrupt.

Those are nuts in there.

There's nuts in there, yeah, but not the kinds that I think I remember my dad eating.

Oh, cool.

Okay.

Anyways, go on.

A nice Jif peanut butter on a...

Not a great bread.

Above Wonder, but some kind of a white bread.

Yes.

It has to be a white bread.

And then jelly from like a grape jelly.

Yeah, we have an artisan take on a PB&J.

It's two pieces of eight and a half by 11 printer paper.

Instead of white bread, it's white paper.

Because it's like it, but it's different.

And then it's blood, because blood is red like jam.

And then there's one more ingredient that I forgot about, which is the peanut butter.

And our artisan take on that one is that it's butter from the ground.

Butter from the...

When you say butter from the ground, I don't know what you mean.

Ground butter.

You have to find it.

I don't know what ground butter is.

It's ground butter.

It makes sense to me.

It's probably something else, though, because I don't think butter is just down on the ground.

And ground butter.

Now that's an artisan PB&J.

Where do you find ground butter?

It's like, okay, so you don't eat a lot.

You don't eat much.

Ground butter is when you go to a diner, preferably a greasy spoon, something like that.

And you go in the kitchen and you say, hey, look over there.

And then all the chefs look one way and you run your hand along the floor.

That is hopefully ground butter.

Okay.

Hopefully.

Because it could also be a mix of many other things.

Yes, but that's still ground butter.

Anything from the ground in the kitchen is ground butter.

So then why are you hoping so hard that it's ground butter?

Well, because sometimes it's never not.

Because it's a clean kitchen.

Oh.

And you're like, there's no butter in here.

Oh, got it.

So how often are you making this pilgrimage to these greasy spoons to trick the chefs into looking somewhere pretty often?

I use ground butter in a lot of my recipes.

You know, you know, you go to a place and they sort of have a signature thing they put on everything, you know, a sunflower truffle caviar.

I'm a ground butter guy.

The types of restaurants I eat at.

Yeah, of course.

Very nice.

Thank you so much.

You should come by my place sometime if you're ever in traffic.

I definitely am in traffic quite often.

Do you?

What are your other types of sandwiches?

Like, uh, um, well, we got versions of everything.

We got, you know, the croque monsieur.

Oh, of course.

That is a, I believe a ham sandwich classic French ham.

So it's been grilled on both sides.

I believe so.

Croissant.

Yeah.

There's cheese in there.

Yeah.

Sometimes powdered sugar on top, something like that.

Well, our powdered sugar.

Yeah.

Our croque monsieur is, it's a dead bird that had, you know, croaked.

Oh, OK.

Is that a double entendre?

It is.

Thank you.

I'm sure.

I'm the, maybe just a homonym, but I'm not sure.

Ooh.

Yes.

And it's on a stick.

It's on a stick.

That's the croque.

Has it been fried?

No, no, no.

It's just you stuck it with a stick and you.

Yes.

So when you're on the freeway, a lot of people are flying by and they hit a bird and you say, what are we just going to let that go?

At my restaurant, we use the whole Buffalo or bird as it were.

Ways not, why not?

Exactly.

OK.

So I say, here's your croque monsieur.

And I just put a stick in a bird and I pass it off to someone who's going.

OK.

Sometimes a little ground butter.

Of course.

Yeah.

Just sprinkled on there.

How much do you sell a bird on a stick for a croque?

Your croque for?

Well, it depends how big the bird is that croaked.

Oh, you do it by the pound?

It's market price.

I do it by the pound.

It's yeah, it's market price.

You never really know, you know, because we're artisan.

It's market price.

So like a large cro might be twelve, thirteen dollars.

Sure.

If it's just a finch, something like that, maybe an appetizer.

Couple dollars.

All right.

Interesting.

How often are people enjoying these sandwiches, asking for their money back?

You know, the two sides of the coin.

Well, there's not a lot of repeat business, I don't think.

Once you get it, you're kind of stuck going one way, which is a great part of the business.

You got no refunds unless they want to like get off on an off ramp and circle back.

Who wants to do that?

That's right.

Because, you know, sometimes you run out of ingredients and you just have to make do.

And you're like, honestly, this one isn't even a sandwich.

This one is not even a sandwich like the other.

It sounds like the croque monsieur is just a stick.

I don't think this.

No, that one's a sandwich.

How is that?

I mean, I'm talking even worse.

Sometimes we run out of birds.

Oh, OK.

You ever had an old shoe?

Open face?

I guess not.

I mean, I've had a tongue sandwich, but that's not the kind of tongue that you're talking about.

Yeah, no, no.

That is funny, though.

I could do something with that.

Yeah, that's good.

Yeah.

I'd love to consult for you.

Yeah.

Oh, that'd be great.

I need more ideas.

Yeah.

It sounds like you've had about three.

Yes.

So that's the menu.

And you may have run out.

That's the menu.

We got a classic PB&J.

You got the PB&J.

You got the Sony Mars Capote and the croque monsieur.

And then you've gone bone dry on ideas.

Yes.

Well, I've been working for 10 years.

Oh, you need more ideas.

I used all my material first year.

Oh, OK.

That happens.

So, you know.

That happens.

Yeah.

So that's the business.

Well, good luck with it.

I think it's a terrible idea.

You do.

I think that you'll be out of money unless you have $2 million.

Your parents just weren't rich.

Well, rent is expensive in LA.

How are you renting?

Well, I'm not.

That's the great.

That's why I'm on the 101.

It's the one place where people don't know this.

Free rent on the freeway.

That's why they call it the freeway.

Exactly.

Yeah, exactly.

Now, if it were a toll road, maybe you'd have to keep putting money in or something.

Yeah, yeah.

No, I'm not going down to the 73 or whatever.

Oh, yeah.

There to Jamboree Road down there.

No, thank you.

We all know that.

We all have the same frame of reference regarding that fact.

That's right.

So, you know, I was thinking about a couple of other sandwiches.

I'm thinking, where are people going when they're in traffic?

They're usually going to work or they're going home.

I guess going to lunch sometimes.

Going to lunch, hopefully.

That's what I'm hoping.

Shopping.

A lot in L.A.

That's like everybody's just going shopping.

You think when you're out there on the freeway and it's bumper to bumper traffic, everyone's going to shop?

Well, hopefully for nuts.

They're coming from.

Coming from Target?

Coming from shopping.

Hoping for nuts.

Yes, everyone's hungry for nuts.

I hope all the L.A. traffic is going to Nutstalgia.

That's what I'm hoping.

I really feel a deep connection with you as a fellow business owner.

Absolutely.

Both in food service.

I'd love you to try my father's nuts one of these times.

I'd be happy to.

Maybe put it on a sandwich.

Oh, that's an interesting idea.

A bit of a co-pro.

Oh, a co-pro.

Yes.

A cooperative production.

A couple of professionals.

Yes.

A sandwich with your father's nuts on them.

Yeah.

Remember this one?

That's what we'll call it.

Oh, I love it.

Remember this one is what you'll call it.

That's what we'll call a sandwich because it's Nutstalgics.

And what would be on this?

You'd have to put your artisan spin on it, of course.

Yes.

Well, I'd get some of these old nuts.

They're new old nuts though.

You want to make sure to be clear.

Yeah.

They're new old nuts.

They will be old old nuts within 24 hours.

Yes.

The people have to eat them quickly.

I'll remind them.

They don't have to eat them quickly as in like shove a lot in their mouth at a time.

It's beneficial if you do.

Okay.

Yeah.

Because the clock is ticking.

Yes.

So what do we call this sandwich again?

A nuts to remember.

That's great.

So this sandwich, what it is.

You can't even remember the names of your own sandwiches 30 seconds after you.

My brain is rough because of all the traffic, the swiping of the cars and the fumes.

And just the hypnotic sort of vibration.

And let me be honest, I think the ground butter is starting to affect me.

I think it is starting to affect me.

And just the fooling these chefs into looking.

I mean, you have to have a lot of guilt about that.

Oh yeah.

No, I'm guilt-free.

Oh, you are?

I'm guilt-free.

It says it right on our menu.

Guilt-free, antibiotic-free, shame-free sandwiches.

Wow.

So when you say you're guilt-free, you just mean like, you don't care.

Yeah, exactly.

I don't care about anybody.

I'll sell them anything, call it a sandwich and tell them to keep moving.

Okay.

So what is going to be in this nuts to remember?

So this is the paper bag that the nuts are filled with.

Yes.

Right.

And then you take the nuts, you toss them.

What?

Because all we need is the essence.

All we need is the essence of the bag.

And then the customer is supposed to bring hair clippings from their father.

Oh, okay.

Put it in the bag.

Okay.

You fill it with ground butter.

How many people are going to have hair clippings from their father when they're traveling?

You don't.

You do?

Oh, well, that's how I remember him fondly eating nuts and then the bag of hair I have from him.

Yes, of course.

I mean, I wear some of my father's hair clippings.

I've noticed the top of your head.

It's very jagged.

I was just going to say you had a bad haircut, but it looks like the top is long.

The top is long.

The back is short.

Sure.

Yeah.

Because the top is the reverse mullet.

Yeah, exactly.

Rest in peace.

He was a hair metal guy.

Your father was.

My father was.

What band was he?

No, just a fan.

Just a fan of hair metal.

Devoted his whole lifestyle to hair metal, but just a fan.

Really?

Yeah.

His whole lifestyle.

So he would...

What does that entail?

You know, cut off shirts, long hair.

Cut off where?

Right at the bottom.

Midriff.

So they're like tits up though is covered by shirt.

Oh, I know from that.

That was my dad's nickname.

Tits up.

Really?

That's how he liked to wear his t-shirts.

And when he passed.

Oh, is that on his headstone?

He went tits up.

Tits up went tits up, but thank God he cut his hair first.

That's what it says on his headstone.

He cut his hair before he died and he gave it to you?

Well, I insisted upon it.

Oh.

Yeah.

How was that conversation?

Dad, if you die with your hair on, I'll kill you.

Oh, wow.

Yeah, he didn't want that.

He didn't want to be killed post death.

How did he die?

Was he garrotted by a bootlace?

Actually, yes, it was a big mosh pit.

It was a mosh pit.

A mosh pit at a hair metal show.

That's right.

And then garrotted.

Wow.

Yeah.

Was there an auction he was trying to stop?

I don't know.

I don't think so.

Maybe an eBay thing.

Could have.

For a skid row CD he used?

Yeah, he was a big eBay guy.

He was a big eBay guy.

Oh, he was.

Really?

I didn't really know him that well, to be honest.

He was always in his den.

Maybe that's where you got the entrepreneurial spirit, though.

He was buying, you're selling.

Could have been.

But you did remember him eating nuts, right?

If I try.

Yes, if I do, you think.

So, yeah, I think he ate nuts.

Yeah.

I don't know that nut-stalgia is a thing unless...

It's a great thing.

I think I have it.

If I think really hard, I think I have some nut-stalgia.

Yeah.

Maybe you need to go to hypnotherapy for this.

Yes.

And all I'll say is it's contagious.

I wish.

Hypnotherapy doesn't work on you.

Oh, yes.

I'll hire you, Scott.

Nut-tageous?

What would that be?

That would be the nuts that you think that gave you a peanut allergy?

That sounds like an artisan nut-rageous candy bar.

Oh, yes.

It's a nut-tageous.

You think you're getting a candy bar, but you're really just watching a play at the pant-ageous and it's not good as a candy bar or a joke.

Okay.

Seems like you've got some new ideas, but you're still working them out.

This is how my brain works.

You know, an artisan...

The key word in artisan is art.

Yeah.

Artisan.

Yeah.

I mean, you put the I in artisan as well.

That's right.

There is no me or team in artisan.

Thank you.

Yeah.

I might make a shirt about that.

Oh, really?

Is that a shirt?

Really?

I don't know.

I might, you know, because I got a little bit of this entrepreneurial spirit too.

Right now, my big gig is Sandwich Man, Artisan Sandwich Man.

But how can you keep an artist to one medium?

That's true.

Yeah.

I mean, Michelangelo, he painted that Sistine Chapel.

And they became a Ninja Turtle.

Yeah.

Unbelievable.

I mean, this guy can do anything.

He could do it all.

Well, I gotta say, I'm looking for your name here.

Petey Tweety.

Seems like that would just roll off of the tongue.

In a better way.

But for some reason, I remember Mary Lisa way easier.

It's a great name.

Petey Tweety, I wish you the best of luck.

I don't know which of your businesses is going to go tits up first.

But I mean, you got this shipment of nuts that...

Do you have enough money to pay for another shipment of nuts after this?

I do because of the the owie stickers.

Oh, okay.

So I think...

And I mean penises.

Oh, which owie stickers are we talking about?

Well, Bruce Willis's, of course.

Oh, okay.

I don't know which of yours is going to be unsuccessful first.

But I guess it would be you, Petey.

You know, me too.

Yeah, me too.

But hey, I'll go tits up just like my daddy.

Just like your daddy.

Just like my daddy.

No problem.

Tits up wearing his hair.

Do you have a problem with your hair?

Why did you want to?

No, I'm not bald.

Then why are you wearing it?

I was never bald.

This is a big point of contention with some of my customers.

I don't know that we have time to get into it too much, but go ahead.

I'm not bald.

This is my real hair and it was my dad's first.

So technically it is my genetics.

I'm not bald.

End of story.

But you're wearing Petey Tweety.

Okay, great.

All right.

I sign all my statements.

Thank you.

Executive order from Petey Tweety.

Well, look, we're running out of time.

We just have one last feature on the show.

That's a little something called plugs.

Wow.

That was it is that type of show by Kevbot 4000.

Wow.

Thanks so much for that submission for our plugs theme.

If you have one, go head on over to the Earwolf message boards.

That was pretty good, right?

Yeah.

Are you a musician?

I don't know anything about you and your relationship to musical instruments.

I have guitars.

You have guitars.

Yes, I play them some.

Really?

How many strings on these things?

Six of them.

Six strings.

Six strings on each.

On each one.

The old get fiddle.

Yeah, the old get fiddle.

I can play some songs.

I write little simple songs.

You do?

For whom?

In the folk nature.

For my wife.

Oh, how nice.

Carissa.

And you perform these in solo concerts?

Wow.

Yes.

And they're really, truly just for us.

Wow.

Next time you come on the show, bring the guitar and hear some of these songs.

I would love to hear that.

Oh, wow.

And bring your wife, too.

Why not?

She's fantastic.

And you bring your agent, bring her husband.

We'll go on a rappel together after the show.

Alan, what do we want to plug?

Obviously, mysterious circumstances.

It's at the Geffen for another week.

And you have now, from what I understand, you have a sci-fi show coming out next year, Resident Alien.

Yes.

Christopher Sheridan is the creator of it.

It's off of a comic book, a Dark Horse comic book called Resident Alien.

Of course.

And he wrote for Family Guy for a decade.

We've had Peter Griffin on this show.

Oh, yeah.

Nice.

So unfortunately.

It's very it's it was just Peter Griffin.

It was.

Yeah.

I saw.

That's great.

So it's got humor, but it's an hour long show.

And wow, I play an alien.

And you're also in Doom Patrol, right?

Oh, yeah.

Yeah.

Which is out there on the DC Universe.

Yeah.

DC Universe streaming.

A Mr. Nobody.

Mr. Nobody.

Yeah.

That's a fun show.

I got to check that out.

I hear it's great.

It's pretty.

It's great.

Yeah, it's really great.

Okay.

Anything else?

I'll give you any one more plug of anything else.

Your choice.

Dealer's choice.

Yours or someone else's?

I would like to just say mysterious circumstances.

Of course, at the Geffen.

I'm with fantastic actors.

Hugo Armstrong, John Bobek, Austin Durant, Leo Marx.

Rami's Moncef is my is my Watson.

Helen Sadler.

Wow.

These are great actors.

And you are listing these off the top of your head, which is incredible.

It's how the memory you have.

Yeah, I'm great with names.

Yeah.

That's what people say.

I don't do it.

God, he's great with names.

He's incredible with names.

Total dick.

Great with names.

Yeah, that's all we really care about.

Yeah.

Wow.

Incredible.

Well, everyone check that play out.

And if you get into those extra leg room seats.

The ones you used to have.

Yeah, the ones I.

Yeah.

But talk to the Shaq man about it.

We'll get this sorted out.

Good.

Mary Lisa, what are we plugging here?

Just sorry.

Are you all right?

What's going on?

Do you have a peanut allergy?

I might have a bit of a nut allergy.

Oh no.

Why did you get into?

This is the worst.

I'm so foolish.

But seriously, come down to the store.

I don't know.

Nostalgia.

I may or may not be there.

I can guess your ethnicity based on just looking at you.

If you'd like.

Sure.

That's a side hustle though.

Please.

Somebody help me.

Somebody help you.

I don't think I've ever had anyone plug and have it end with somebody please help me.

But you're the first.

First for everything.

Wow.

Petey Tweety, what are we plugging?

Obviously my big sandwiches, you know, and also I've been listening to this podcast, Big Grande's, the teacher's lounge.

Oh, that's a great podcast.

And following this guy, chosen Berg on Twitter.

He's funny.

Oh, he's funny.

Yeah, I love comedies.

You love comedies, right?

I do.

Your life is such a tragedy.

Does it help take your mind off that?

Isn't it funny how that works?

When you're sad, you want to be happy.

I want to plug, let's see.

First of all, the comedy bang bang tour, we're going out there to towns near you.

August 21, Medford, Massachusetts, August 22, Providence, Rhode Island, August 23, New Haven, Connecticut.

September 5th, Kansas City, Missouri, September 6th, St.

Paul, Minnesota.

That one sold out.

September 7th, though, we added another date, St. Paul, Minnesota, and we just announced Chicago, September 8th.

And as of this recording that was almost sold out and it just went on sale.

So make sure you get tickets for those.

And we're going to add some other dates along the way and then check out the between two ferns movie coming out September 20th.

All right, let's close up the old plug bag.

♫ Close your eyes and open up that bag ♫ ♫ Close your eyes and open up that bag ♫ ♫ You gotta get those eyes closed ♫ ♫ Get em, get em, open up that bag ♫ ♫ Don't be closing, don't be closing ♫ ♫ Open up and let's get loaded ♫ ♫ Let's get loaded, open up that bag ♫ ♫ Let's get loaded up the bag ♫ ♫ Open up that motherfucking bag ♫ ♫ Open up that bag ♫ Oh, boy.

Those are great songs!

Yeah!

That's just fantastic.

Oh, I miss the days when people would say that's a great song after it.

Thank you so much for adding that.

That's amazing.

Let's keep that then in our plugs now.

We'll have Alan saying that's a great song after it.

That was a fellow robot in the Star Wars universe, Ben Schwartz BB-8.

Oh, really?

Which robot did you play?

A K-2SO.

K-2SO!

All right.

So all those droid heads out there are gonna be just loving it right now.

Guys, I want to thank you so much.

First of all, Alan, thank you so much for being on the show.

My pleasure.

It means a lot to me.

It's always great to see you.

Big fan, of course.

Mary Lisa, less happy to see you.

I'll be back.

I hope not!

You seem to really be taking both a psychological and physical hit every single time that you come in here.

Nothing stops me.

Nothing.

You're like the Terminator in the way that nothing stops you and you say, I'll be back.

Yes, the titular line.

Well, the titular character, certainly.

Wait, is the titular line tits up?

I think of this show, yes.

And Petey Tweety, what have you been doing here during the whole plug section?

Just brainstorming sandwiches.

Really?

What do you got?

What are the new ones?

Well, we're still in brainstorm phase.

Sure, but I mean, you got to have some sort of open face.

What does that mean to you?

Beard sandwich.

Beard sandwich?

What do you mean?

You just you kind of just got to eat the hair that's already on your lip.

Okay, so when you say open faced, there's no bread.

It's just eating it off of your face and it's already you can see it.

It's open and uses a terrible, terrible idea.

Well, some of them don't go on the board.

All right, great.

We'll see you next time.

Thanks.

Bye.
