♪ On top of Old Smokey, I stroke my unspokey. Welcome to Company Bang Bang!

Thank you to Captain Pukefish for that catchphrase submission.

Welcome back, Captain Pukefish, to the Annals of catchphrase submissions, or should I say, Annals?

Welcome to the show, Comedy Bang Bang, for another week.

Scott Aukerman is your host, and of course we are in hump month, the month, mid-month of the year where everyone fucks.

And, um...

Yeah, this sounds great. Let's record. Let's roll.

You haven't been recording yet?

Yeah, no, I just wanted to make sure our short term was negative 11 luffs, and we're hitting it now, so let's rock.

Wait a minute, wait a minute. Okay, sorry, for those of you who have not heard the show before, this is our intern, Geno, who happened to show up today.

For those of you who happened to, this is the first show you're listening to. Shut this shit off and just go on musical play on time. Read a book or something.

You're our intern. You're not supposed to be advising people to turn off the show.

I'm sorry, I'm sorry.

But Geno, when did you learn technical terms?

Oh, I just, I brought this monitor set up in here. Well, you know, I'm in my final year at Nassau Community College.

You've been in your final year for the past three years, I believe.

Yeah, but I'm coming down the home stretch for real this time.

Oh, you are? Okay, you're sliding into home and you're feeling all that foam?

Yeah, diarrhea, diarrhea. Oh, I know poetry.

Well, for me, I'm coming down the home stretch. A lot of big things going on in my life, you know, so I'm just about ready to graduate.

Bought my cap and gown, was part of a charity boxing tournament at Adventureland in Farmingdale, and it's been exciting for me.

Wait, let's break all these down. Okay, first of all, you're about to graduate.

Finally going to get my associate's degree. Graduation just happened.

Yeah, yeah, well, I have to do one more summer program and then an internship final project, like my thesis.

Wait, this is your internship? Right, but then I have to culminate this in a final project.

Oh, okay, what does that mean exactly? It means I have to do my own radio show, which will, yeah, yeah.

And it'll be on Stitcher Premium, I hope. This is different from Musical, Theater?

Yeah, this is different from Musical, Comic, Theater. That was my halfway through, like, you know, you dip your toe in a thesis, and then I realized, working with Paul F. Tompkins, the guy doesn't know shit about podcasting.

Paul F. Tompkins? Well, Andrew Lloyd Weyer, Paul F. Tompkins produced it, I forgot.

Oh, he did? Okay. Flip the dials. Whatever the fuck the guy's name is. All white people look the same to me.

You're white! Yeah, I know, I get myself confused. I look in the mirror and I go, holy shit, who do I think I am?

Nick Lachey.

Okay. From Seal Team. Yeah.

Wait, no, that's David Boreanz. I get those two guys confused, and myself, all three of us. I thought I was an angel for two years.

You thought you were an angel, not an angel.

Well, then it turned out I was an angel, because I was in a coma, and I was sitting at the right hand of the father.

Oh, you were? Were you touching people, or?

Uh, yeah, well, I was in America, and I was in the outfield.

Right, of course.

So, Gino, your final project is going to be just you hosting your own show.

I think I'm going to be able to host my own spec morning radio show.

And are you going to be working the boards the entire time, or do you get someone else? Should I work the boards for you on that show?

I mean, I would be honored to have you in there. And it would be nice to have you in the room, but not talking into the microphone.

Sure. Okay, yeah. I don't know if that's possible.

You tell me. I'm just supposed to be, I'm one of the ones and twos over here. I'm not even supposed to be talking.

And then, I bought a cap and gown.

You bought a cap and gown? Okay, where did you buy this from?

David's Bridal.

Oh, okay. Is this pre-owned?

Yeah, I got, oh, of course. Stained. You get so much money on it if you buy a stained wedding dress shirt.

Oh, yeah, stained with no E.

So, what kind of stains are on this? Is it food stains? I mean, that's a big day for people.

Well, it's their food stains. They clearly got peanut butter pudding on the back.

There's peanut butter pudding in the back and then some sort of oyster colored jam on the front.

Yeah, that's the new mullet.

So, you bought a cap and cap. How much did you buy it for?

$4,000. Well, that's, why would you do something like that?

Because I think I could sell it back for $4,200 and then I'd turn a profit.

Was this worn by a famous person?

Ah, yes, it was Princess Diana.

When she graduated. When she graduated, it's her gown.

Where did she go? I forget exactly what her...

It was either Oxford or Cambridge or University of London.

One of those three big England schools.

Wow, so, and what was her major? Do you remember?

Royalty. They get like a little, you know, it's like Brown.

You choose your own bullshit and just run your way through there.

I wonder what her final project was.

Well, she never got around to it.

Oh, no. Her final project was death.

She wanted to put stop lights in the tunnel is what she said.

Oh, no.

Stop lights in the tunnel, candles in the wind, you know, all my favorite hits.

So you bought your cap and gown and wow, I think you could turn this around.

I'm gonna flip it. I'm a gown flipper these days and not in like the old fun way of like 1930s.

When you were a bait boy.

Yeah, when I was a bait boy.

For the Catholic Church.

Flipping frocks.

And then the charity boxing tournament.

Charity boxing tournament. Break this down. What exactly is this?

So a bunch of Long Island quasi celebrities get together and then there's a big boxing tournament.

Sure. And where do you come in?

What? Well, I was supposed I was just at Adventureland just for the shits and giggles of it.

Oh, sure. Yeah. And then it turns out.

Is that the famous Adventureland? There was a movie about it?

Yes. Greg Mottola's Adventureland is based on the Long Island Adventureland, but shot at a Pittsburgh theme park.

OK, this is very confusing.

But I'm glad you know it.

Yeah, it's confusing for you.

I was looking for fucking Kristen Stewart for five hours yesterday.

Sure. Well, all white people look the same to you.

Yeah. Well, I kept grabbing and they were like, I'm a 12 year old girl.

Like, let go. I'm like, you must be Kristen Stewart. You weigh 75 pounds and you're not talking to me.

And it turns out they're not. So I got to.

That's almost every. Yeah.

Well, I think your computer just. Don't worry about my computer.

You had a healthy glow on your face and then suddenly it turned off and now you're you're shrouded in darkness.

I'm in like minute five of a conversation with you. So the healthy glow is being sucked out of my fucking face.

So you know who's there? Who's there?

This fucking bagel boss guy or bagel. I guess he's a mini boss.

OK, now I've heard about the bagel boss guy. He waited so many bagel boss.

Well, he's a mini boss. He's a mini boss. He doesn't like mini bagels.

I don't I think he likes regular sized bagels because he thinks he's eating like a fucking, you know, Charlie and the Chalker factory level bagel.

Right. Describe the bagel boss for those people who missed the Internet that day.

You know, I went to Disneyland the other day and I missed the Internet one day and I didn't even look at it.

Oh, man. And then I felt like all the things people were talking about.

Luckily, it wasn't Bagel Boss Day. So I know who you're talking about. But who is Bagel Boss?

Bagel Boss is some long like he's a very standard Long Islander.

He assumed that the ladies that worked at the bagel store were mocking him for being short, just like they do on the dating sites.

He hates his dad, his God and his boss. So he takes it out on strangers all around him.

You know, it's just traditional Long Island. Throw on your throw on your basketball shorts and polo and go pick up your bacon, egg and cheese at Bagel Boss in Bayshore.

And so he was yelling at people in the store and taunting someone who was in the line who immediately tackled him.

Yes. What I really loved about it is usually when you see these fight videos, it's a lot of like people shouting, going, I'm going to do something.

I'm going to do something. And he was just like, what are you going to do?

And he just immediately to take it out. Like that's kind of like low key what Long Island is all about.

It's like, be careful. Most people in that bagel boss have been in a fight before.

And I bet a few of them have fought in a bagel store before narrowing down all the qualifiers.

That wasn't the first fight I've seen in a bagel store. And I've seen a few live.

So Bagel Boss was there at this charity boxing tournament?

Yes.

And I was supposed to square off against him in round one.

Really?

Yeah. Because Alec Baldwin, Jerry Seinfeld and Eddie Murphy all dropped out at Howard Stern. Those four guys dropped out.

They had other things to do. Yeah, they were apparently busy.

Jerry was going to a high school graduation to pick a new wife.

Alec Baldwin had SNL rehearsal because he's, you know, my favorite.

Sure. Yeah, we're in the summer. But of course, he's well, he's rehearsing. He's rehearsing.

You don't keep that character up without rehearsing. Of course. He's sitting with his pursed lips, looking at Hilaria, doing yoga.

I can do an impression. How about I can make a kissy face for two and a half hours.

And that's just the cold open. Yeah. So and Eddie's working on his Netflix special.

And who is the and Howard Stern? Howard Stern, of course.

He works only two days a week, three weeks a month.

So he's not going to get there. So you I mean, now, for those of you who have never heard Gino on the show before, you are a very kind of you're you're sort of a featherweight, a lot like the Bagel Boss.

Yes. That's why I was put in his weight class, because he's short and stocky. So he weighs 106.

We've never talked about your height. Exactly. Because I've only seen you sitting down. How tall are you?

Oh, I'm six to six to one on one. Yeah. Six to one hundred and one pounds.

I just broke one hundred, which is nice. Congratulations.

What took you over the top? About a thousand dollars worth of creatine.

OK. Yeah. I'm holding on to a lot of water weight and my knees, knuckles and toes hurt like hell.

Right. Did you have to get up to one hundred and one or just to get to the Bagel Boss?

I guess technically under one hundred pounds, you're considered a child and you're not allowed to compete in fighting.

So Bagel Boss seemed to be about four eleven somewhere around there. Yeah, he was four eleven and he was like, wow, one oh nine.

And we squared off. Right. And he actually got the best of me for a little bit. Did he?

Yeah. How many rounds did were you in this? It's two rounds in the ring and then one round anywhere else in the theme park.

You just call your shot. I ran away. I got on the pirate ship because there's a height requirement and the guy could not get to me.

I got like a nice breather for the ride. He was just standing outside like, you know, when a jogger's at a light, you know, he was kind of like hanging out there, like bopping, waiting for me. And I'm on the pirate ship.

And I am fucking nauseous because I ate a bunch of chicken nuggets with nacho cheese all over the top of it.

Why? Because I had to get to one on one. Oh, OK. That was ninety nine. Right.

So I went to the concession stand, eat a 40 piece chicken nugget with nacho cheese melted over the top.

Right. Then get immediately on the pirate ship. Right. Fucking boot all over myself.

Now I'm back down to ninety nine, but I've already weighed in. Sure. I'm fast again. OK, great.

So I get off and I deck this motherfucker. Right. I knock him down.

You know what? He I punch him in the face and all that's left there is his outfit like a Jedi.

Really? He died like a Jedi. I punched him and it just his clothes were laying there. Like the rapture happened.

Yeah. Yeah. It was like the rapture was like left behind.

Maybe the rapture did happen and only Bagel Boss was taken.

Holy shit. Well, then God has a very specific plan for our future. What if I was just thinking this?

Like what if God was one of us? That's a great point. But we'll have to get to that another time.

Oh, yeah. Hey, that's fine by me. So it is strange when you think about the rapture.

A lot of people, when they discuss it, they wonder. Yes.

Thank you for pouring the waters.

Incredibly loud into the mic. They discuss whether people's wedding rings and clothes are just going to be lying in a in a rumpled.

I think God takes it all up. No, God doesn't need fucking cargo shorts.

I know. But there'd be such a mess left here on Earth. Yeah, that's just clothes everywhere.

But that's when we make our move. Us heathens who aren't raptured, we run around and we grab fucking rings and our wallets and start melting.

Yeah. You like just search everyone. Are you waiting for the rapture? This sounds like you. You want it to happen.

I'm not against it. I'm like I'm just looking. I like change. You know me. I voted for Trump because I like change.

I don't want to talk about that. Oh, me. Me neither.

I have been you know, I'm sorry. I don't want to get into politics and stuff like that.

But I'm supposed to jump on a caravan and back back down on doors.

So you and you don't think you'll be taken by the rapture?

You're not a religious person?

No. You know, my stepmom. This is complicated, but my stepmom is a Jew.

Who's your stepmom again? My uncle's ex-wife. Right.

Your was your stepmom because my uncle remarried my mom.

Right. But in between marrying my mom and then divorced and got back together with my mom, he briefly married another woman.

Oh, OK. Technically my stepmom because he was my stepdad for a period of time.

So he's my uncle slash stepdad. This woman's my stepmom slash nobody.

OK. And then my mom is my mom slash stepmom. Right. OK.

So your ex stepmom. What about her now? She's a Jew.

Thank you for that. So, yeah, I guess she's religious. But you know, with that religion.

OK. But that didn't rub off on you. Oh, no, I wouldn't let that.

OK. A good Italian boy like me. That's right. I mean, a good Italian boy.

I'm not giving up leavened bread. But I remember when you were a bait boy for the Catholic Church.

I mean, were you not Catholic at the time? I was Catholic at the time.

Yeah. And, you know, because it's like I wanted to help out and then it turned out things were real dark than I thought.

You know, these guys are fucking. It turns out if you just put a bunch of men in a room with no supervision and no women or anything like that.

Shit gets fucking weird. The army, football teams, all boys high schools, Catholicism.

Shit gets fucking sketchy fast. Right. You think it's talking about like fun bathhouse sketchy.

I'm talking like, you know, completely mismatched, you know, partners. Right.

You think it's just in their fucking kids is what I'm saying.

OK. I think we understand what you're saying. You're saying the army and the pope sitting there going like, hey, guys, come on, quit smoking.

And you're like, why don't you fucking turn around and clean your own house out, pontific.

Is that how you say his name? Mr. Professor Pontifex? I think he's related to Professor X.

He just sits in his boatmobile and sends out thoughts and his thoughts are like stop fucking children.

Well, Gino, it's always great to talk to you. I'm glad there's so much going on in your life that I look forward to a year from now.

You actually completing your studies. Oh, thank you. And I'm sorry. We didn't even get anything going on in your life.

OK, let's roll commercials. All right. No, we are. We don't have to do commercials. Yeah, we have a big show coming up, Gino.

So I want to hype who's coming up a little bit later. We have a fourth grade teacher. Oh, yeah.

Who was your fourth grade teacher? Miss Belfi. Miss Belfi.

What what what was her deal? Big tits, small ass.

OK. Oh, you mean like as a teacher, like an upside down pyramid?

Yes, she was sort of like an upside down pyramid, which was a lot. She was built like a cartoon bodybuilder, which was really nice.

Like a spatula. Right. And she was like one of those Moneyball people.

No, not Moneyball. What am I thinking of? I have no idea. I just. Oh, Murderball? Murderball.

No, I get Moneyball and Murderball very confused. When I went to go see Moneyball, the movie.

When I got hired by the Oakland A's to recruit new players and I got only wheelchair players, they were not excited with me.

Moneyball, by the way, my second favorite movie starring Mr.

Bean. Oh, wow.

What's your first Mr. Bean? Because I'm a Johnny English guy. OK, so we have a fourth grade teacher coming up.

We also have a marine biologist. Talk about hyped. We're going to hear a teacher and a marine biologist.

Yeah, well, I mean, it's going to be a very educational show. But before we get to the education part of the show, we have to get to our first guest.

And he is more of in the entertainment field, I would say, although we may learn a little bit something, if not about himself, about the world at large.

He is a podcaster as well as an actor. In fact, he is one of the hosts of Throwing Shade, which is a wonderful podcast here on the Earwolf Network, which just had a wonderful landmark 400th episode.

God damn. Yeah, that's a lot of episodes. I've done six hundred and some and they're right here on my tail.

And that 400 episodes where you're actually making a point or saying something is pretty wild.

Yeah. Oh, you're doing six hundred episodes. I have maybe one of leaning on five strangers to come to your room.

Hey, what would you blame someone with crutches?

No, fair enough. No, please welcome to the show for maybe the first time. I don't even know.

It is. It's the first I was on your TV show on the TV show and did a wonderful I forget your character's name, but you were very funny.

It must have moved you. But it was the Haley Joel Osment spinoff. It was who I've worked with like 10 times since we became good friends.

That's so great. Please welcome to the show. Brian Safi.

Hello. Hello. So good to see you.

Yeah. Throwing Shade. Four hundred episodes. Four hundred.

Yeah. We do one a year. It's gone really well.

Really? You guys are vampires. We are. We are. I was pushing the LGBTQ agenda back during the fucking crusades.

So that was my crusade. And you survived, which is why it was incredible.

I just had some I was so stupid back then. Do you know what I mean? They didn't really know.

They were like, why would someone hide behind something? He must be out here. So dumb. They all had Southern accents.

They did. Attila the Hun. But now as a culture, everyone's way smarter.

So it's kind of harder to hide from people now that everyone's so entelgient. Everyone is so incredibly intelligent.

We haven't taken one step back in five years. It's great.

Brian, tell us what Throwing Shade is for those heathens and stupid people out there who have never heard a single episode.

You got it. So it's a show. It's a comedy podcast. Good.

Good. OK, so we'll start there. Picture that. Baseline. It's a show. Exactly.

I talk about issues affecting LGBTQ people and my assistant.

What are these issues? I don't know. Maybe I don't know what's going on in the world, but what are the issues?

Just, you know, just big things involving, for instance, like one of the major things now is passing the Equality Act in Congress, which is just in like thirty nine states.

You can be fired or lose your housing for being gay. Still, really, it's a federal lose your housing.

How does it get out of your house? You can be kicked out of your house that you own.

If you're renting or something, or a landlord can refuse.

All right. Well, I'm not sure how I feel on that issue.

I understand. It's very controversial. I mean, we really we're only scratching the surface of it being acceptable.

I think every apartment should allow dogs and gays. Yeah.

You don't think about, you know, cats? I don't care.

What about the movie Cats? Have you seen that trailer? This maybe appeals to your interests, Brian.

You know what? First of all, that's gay bashing. But second of all, second of all, it's loud and clear.

Second of all, I love the trailer. I also happen to love the musical. I'm one of the few who really, really loves it.

I saw it when I was 14 at UC Irvine. Did not care for it. I think it's weird.

Because what a fucking con. I don't know how. That's the show that broke through that like everyone fooled everyone into thinking like, this makes sense.

And we love it. I don't understand. So it's crazy to me.

I just knew about that. Grown up on Long Island at the Winter Garden, they played Cats and you would see commercials for it.

And I'd be like, I don't ever want to see theater for the rest of my fucking life.

That's what theater is. I didn't see theater until I was like 25. What did you see when you were 25?

I saw August Osage County every night for a month. Why?

Were you an usher?

I was no, I was not. I was Tracy. I was Tracy. Let's like Inside Man. I was supposed to hang in the back.

It all went according to plan. Oh, because he couldn't be there every night.

He couldn't be there every night with Steppenwolf responsibilities or whatever. He was in the band Steppenwolf for a little while.

So now Cats, though, I mean, I saw this trailer and I was sort of like, I mean, I expected it to be really bad, but that's what everyone kind of is thinking.

But I was like, yeah, that looks about what Cats is. I agree.

I think this is this is exactly what I want from it is just cats with human teeth. That's perfect for me.

It's crazy that people think this looks awful, but they love Avengers Endgame.

I agree. Two fucking cartoons. When Cats came out on Broadway, I think Vincent Canby reviewed it for The New York Times.

And excuse me, I just have to pull my hair back.

And he said he was like, this is such trash and it will change theater forever. And he was absolutely right.

Wow. He was like, this is such trash that literally it's set at a dumpster, which it is, or a landfill.

I remember there was garbage in the lobby. Yes. That was like an immersive experience.

You walk in and you're like, I'm small. Yeah. Had me paid 100 bucks for this.

Don't we get on a garbage can lid at the end or something?

They do. Is it a tire or what is it?

It's a tire. It's a tire. It's a tire. Yeah. Yeah. What if they got on a garbage can lid?

Here's what I want. I want this movie to be a big hit so that the Cats extended universe series of films.

Oh, my God. All the origin stories, the rush amount of it all. I would love it. How did you end up in this landfill?

I'd love it. I can watch ten thousand hours of just characters introducing themselves. It's like anime.

That's literally all that show is. You can give me sequels out the ass. Just keep coming up with the cash.

Just keep coming up. It's like G.I. Joe. It's like, look at me. I'm wearing a helmet. So, you know, I'm a skateboarder or whatever.

I love it. It's such a great show. So now getting back to Throwing Shade, you talk about things like this.

And Aaron talks about, co-host Aaron talks about issues affecting. Aaron Gibson. Aaron Gibson talks about issues affecting women.

And we sort of just we play characters through it. We improvise a lot. We sort of treat serious stories very, very lightly.

Great. So that's what the show is. It was a television show for a while.

It was one of the few podcasts that took that leap. We did.

To becoming a television show.

We did. And, you know, it was a big success for us by episode two. They told us, you know what? This network is going away.

So it was a real thrill to finish out those other eight. If you're going to get canceled, you might as well kill the network alongside you.

Yeah. They were like, you guys, congratulations. We're all out of work now because of this show. And I was like, you know what?

I'm doing my best. I expected that with IFC every single episode. It never happened.

Does it is that freeing for you at all? Where you're like, oh, we don't know. It wasn't our fault.

Like it was just sort of like, oh, this network was after the first episode, though, the first episode.

Oh, my God. Was such a disaster. There were mass suicides across the country. Oh, no. Yeah, it was horrible.

No, but they actually put our show right before reruns of the Kevin Hart, Leah Remini show. How am I missing Kevin Hart?

No, you must be thinking of Kevin James. Kevin James. Excuse me. Kevin James.

They put us on right before. Although that's not a bad idea.

Kevin Hart, Leah Remini. I'm in. I'm in.

They're both escaping Scientology. Kevin Hart has to pretend to be a baby.

Leah Remini breastfeeds him. That's right. In the first act.

Well, yeah, I thought that would be this third act surprise.

There's nothing like getting hate mail from people who love King of Queens.

It truly was a pleasure. Oh, I can only imagine. Oh, my God.

Where'd my King of Queens go?

Yes, the tweets we'd get being like, this is not as funny as King of Queens.

And it was like the fact that you're even say you watched it. You saw us on there and kept watching.

Well, King of Queens is on at nine thirty. We might as well put the TV on the channel at nine and settle in and see, you know, just warm up to it.

Precisely. Precisely. Yeah. I apologize for all my uncles hate mail because I definitely that was my family members.

It was why does he like King of Queens? You're from Long Island. Yeah, they love Queens because it's like right there.

And plus, like Queens is actually part of Long Island, isn't it? Yes. Don't tell any Long Island. Oh, right. Now I don't break their fucking heart.

We think of ourselves as the fifty first state or the sixth borough like. Well, dead wrong. Well, very wrong.

I agree. We're like we call ourselves East Coast Hawaii. I agree.

It's gorgeous. Brady Bunch went to Long Island for a very special episode and they got fucking the shit kicked out of him in a bagel store.

So Jan, so throwing shade 400 episodes. What did you do for the four hundredth episode?

I mean, and that just came out a few days ago. It was kind of a few days ago and we just had some of our favorite guests were on it.

I noticed I was not on, nor have I ever been on. Well, you know what? Right back at you. That's true.

Now that you're here, I expect one. Oh, for one. No, you'll be our next guest.

Which isn't true, but we will absolutely have you on any day. So you're saying you're saying you're upset that you're not one of throwing shades favorite guests, no less against.

This is why Brian's on the show. I saw this lineup for this four hundredth episode. I was like, favorite guests? Yeah.

Where am I?

We had episode three ninety nine was like a best of it was like a clip show. And then for a hundred we had Paul Tompkins, Ryan O'Connell, Dave Holmes, Poonam Patel.

And I'm missing someone. I can't remember who, but it was great. It was so fun. Oh, was it Wendy? Wendy the Snapple Lady?

It was Wendy. And we had Wendy the Snapple Lady. And by the way, who is a drunk? Really? She came on. Was she just putting vodka into those Snapple's?

Yeah. She just kept calling her Snapple. Tito's and mango madness. Yes. It was great. And then she just she would just read off the lids. It was horrible.

She brought in a whole case full of lids. It was horrible.

And then she was she said, isn't this funny? Lids at the store.

And then she put the lids on her head, like if it were a baseball cap. Well, you know, I mean, if she went to the lids kiosk at one point, maybe she just got confused.

That's true. She might have been. But she was a wreck. You have a do you have a mall out there? Do you have lids kiosks out there in Long Island?

You know, Long Island is famous for beaches, malls and Rite Aid's. OK, so we have Sunrise Mall. We have the Source Mall.

And then we have the creme de la motherfucking creme, the Roosevelt Field Mall. Oh, really? What stores are in that?

Name it.

We got it. OK, let's see. Gene Country. Yes. Jeans West.

Yes. We got just we got PacSun.

We got Chess King. We got there's still got a Sam Goody in there. Wow. He uses the dye.

We got a food court. We got a time out arcade. You know, more stores and malls than Mall McCartney himself did when he was on the show recently.

He knew about three. He knew about three. Three mall stores and did not do any research.

When your name's mall, you should brush up on mall stuff before you start getting on the microphone.

So, Brian, what? You're also an actor. You I mean, we could go through your credits all day long.

I'd love to. Yeah, let's do it then. What do you got? I'm honest. Right now, is this based on the fact that Brian was outside listing his credits right before we started recording?

Yeah. What made you think they asked? Anyone that will listen, I was telling it to the dog outside.

You have no idea who you're talking to. Did you say you're on a show called 911? Yeah. Really?

I saw that. I saw the poster for that. I'm like, we're just running out of ideas.

Like now we're just using phone numbers as TV shows. Oh, my God. It's a significant phone number.

It's one of the most important. It's maybe the most famous phone number except for Jenny's. That's true.

Yeah. I'm on a show called 911. It's on Fox. So I'm shooting that right now. What do you do on it? Are you are you a 911 operator?

I run the call center. You do. OK, you run that shit. I run that shit.

And mostly I'm also just a sounding board. So the main star of the operator or the Jennifer Love Hewitt.

People haven't seen this show. It stars one guy running around saving people. Right. Peter Krause.

This is just what I'm getting from the billboard. Yes. No, you're right. He's like, he works for the fire.

Peter Krause is on a roller coaster. There are disasters on roller coasters.

One time someone wrapped themselves up in a Christmas gift and had to get out. It's a Ryan Murphy show.

So it's wild. It really is extreme. I didn't know it was a Ryan Murphy show. Really? OK. So it's sort of like a campy procedural.

OK. So you got Peter Krause out there like saving people and then you suddenly cut to Jennifer Love Hewitt in the call center saying, hey, save that guy.

Yes, exactly. And then you're over there. And then Angela Bassett is the chief of police. Hey, take that call. That's right.

Angela Bassett is the chief of police. I thought you said Lansbury first. And I was like, this is the show I'm interested in.

Angela Lansbury is the chief of police. She's very, very sexy. She's still got it. What an incredible show.

I mean, what are most of your lines like? Mostly a lot of like if I'm on a call, it's like, hold on, where is this?

It's very serious. It was just so weird. OK. They give me some fun stuff to do.

But like, it's also just that thing of like, hang on. Like there's there was an earthquake last season.

And so my whole thing there was like, I need everyone's attention, which was really fun.

And during that last earthquake here in California a couple of weeks ago, we could have used you get this getting everyone's attention.

Get this. The earthquake. The episode of the earthquake last season was called seven point one. And then we had a seven.

Whoa. And I said, excuse me, officer, can you please write some lines where I win the lottery?

You know what I mean? Can you write an episode? Is it a police officer that's the head writer? Can you write an episode called Scott Akerman gets a blowjob from his wife?

Yeah. For once. OK. Can we. Yeah. Can we write an episode where I don't get charged extra for pickles on my burgers?

Wait, who's charging you extra for pickles on burgers? I say this is an LGBTQ issue.

Everything is homophobic. Straight guys don't get charged for pickles on burgers. They certainly don't. They certainly remember that time Obama gotten so much trouble.

Can I bring this up? Yeah. Yeah. Bring it up. Obama. Can you bring up anything you want? You're a special guest.

Geno can't. No. OK. I don't want to hear about his Trump love. Obama got in so much trouble with Fox News when it was like one of those things where he was supposed to act like a I don't know where everyone he would.

He and Joe Biden were at some burger stand. They were ordering burgers. And Obama was reading off the menu and he was like, I'll have a burger with cheddar cheese and I'll have arugula.

And Fox News just took that and was like, classist. You.

What a horrible guy. Because it was an iceberg.

I'm not sure. Because he didn't say rocket. Exactly. What is it? They were like, you know what? He is not European.

Yeah. Anyway, that's my idea. I do think arugula is too fancy for people. And also it's a bitter taste. What is arugula?

It is a vegetable. That's from the movie My Blue Heaven with Steve Martin, where he's doing Italian face and it's not.

And he didn't get any trouble for it. But that's the stance I want to make now on Italian face.

I'm people doing exaggerated Italian accent. I'm fine with Italians being the only people you're still allowed to make fun of for some reason.

But I think that Martin pushed the push the envelope a little too much there. Martin! Do you know, I want to say that show 911, when it was being advertised on NFL on Fox, no one told the announcer it was called 911.

So we called it 911. And we referred to it as 911 for the entire, every time they ran a promo. He's like, and 911 is new tonight at 10 p.m.

I was like, Jesus. An all new 911 once a week. Finally a new 911. That reminds me of a conversation I had with Rob Hubel and Tom Lennon once.

Interesting. Anyway, never mind. So 911, how many I mean, is that like a I've never seen it.

Is it a show that has like 20 episodes a year or what? Yeah, it's 18. You know, you're making bank.

Well, I mean, I mean, what I was just say, it depends if you're in 18. Are you in every episode?

Last season I was in 10 of the 18. This season it's sort of to be decided.

So we just shot the first one. All right. Well, if you're not making bank, if you're a fan of Brian Safi, write to I guess, call 911.

My mom went to, I saw Scream with my mother in high school, the movie Scream, and she wrote a letter to Wes Craven the second we got out.

She did really. So disgusted. Oh, she was disgusted. I don't know how she mailed. I don't know who she mailed it to.

But anyway, you know, the editor on the between two ferns or one of the editors on between two ferns movie worked with him for a long time.

So I'll ask him about it. Whether he ever got that. Please, Charlotte Safi, did you ever receive a letter from Wes Craven?

Elm Street, I'm guessing. Yeah, right. Exactly. Friend of Freddie. Please write to Fox.

So call 911. Tell them. Help, I have an emergency. I want Brian to be on this show more.

They'll know what you're talking about. Can I speak to Angela Bassett, please?

Or Lansbury. You have an Angela in there. I need to speak to Angela. Angela.

I've got to talk to Angela. That's Italian based. Oh, sorry.

Cool. Cool. Cool.

We're going to on my podcast, we're going to get into a lot of the issues that affect the eye community.

The eye ties. Well, Brian, it's a it's a wonderful podcast and I'm assuming a wonderful television show.

And that's all you have going on. Right. Or do you have other things? No, throwing shade in 911. That's about it.

That's it.

That's all. What else do you need? That's where I'm at.

What else do you need? A TV show and a podcast.

Yeah. I mean, I have my jewelry line, but it's not doing very well. Really? What's your jewelry line? Just all the states.

What do we got? What are we talking about? We're talking about Arizona, Arizona. I have is Arkansas. Yes. The broaches.

State many rings. A lot of headbands. State mini rings. Is that what you say?

Oh, statement. Oh, yeah. And then it's, you know, obviously just for either toddlers or people over 80.

I go to nursing homes and I actually bought one of your recent. I love it. Yeah. Which did you buy?

I bought the Vietnam Memorial ring that has like that really a lot of controversy.

What is on that? Exactly. A lot of dead soldiers names.

Yeah. And because you know what? It's for Washington, D.C.

It's a special thing he did for the fifth. And I could fit them all. Yeah, sure. So I just sort of chose some and people were offended.

Yeah. People were offended that they weren't their names weren't on the ring for your profit. That was the thing that bother a lot.

And I still don't understand it to this day. I mean, it's so crazy to me. Are we do we live in a capitalist society or what?

Oh, Jesus Christ, you're telling me. Thank you. Well, Brian, you're a wonderful human being. Can you stick around?

We have to take a break here. But, you know, I assume you're sticking around.

I'm not going to be talking. You're not going to be talking during the long term is up to negative 12.

So I have to you really are about to graduate. You know, so many terms. Really into it now. Wow.

Well, Brian, you'll be excited about this. Coming up, we have a fourth grade teacher in our next segment.

And then we have a marine biologist. That's very exciting.

I can't believe it. I can't wait to meet these. Who is your fourth grade?

Great teacher, Mrs. Rampy's salt and pepper hair. Bad attitude. Put up with none of it.

You say salt and pepper hair. You mean the rappers? Yeah.

Great. One half was salt.

Yeah. And in the middle she had a little spinderella. Of course. All right.

We need to take a break. We'll be right back with more comedy bang bang after this. Roll commercials.

Comedy Bang Bang. We are back here. Brian Safi is our guest throwing shade for a hundredth episode.

And I guess this sorry. Sound speeds. You keep going. You're just doing the sound speeds now.

You have to do all this stuff before I start talking. The range is for L.U. So I'm a little off right now.

I am impressed. You know what you well. What are they L.U.s?

L.U.s. What does that stand for?

Well, it's all part of the WLM full reset. Oh, my God.

Brian, I think you know, might actually graduate in a year.

Honestly, he's impressing me. This is crazy. This is the most he's ever talked about so many letters in my life.

Me neither. This is exciting for me. I feel like I'm really flexing my shit. But you were saying something.

The sound is speeding now. I'm presuming episode four hundred and one comes out this week.

It does. It comes out every day. Come out every Thursday.

And that one has Scott Aukerman on it as a guest.

You know, TBD or is that four or three or four or four?

That will be four or four.

I think we'll have Scott Aukerman on it. Error 404. Scott Aukerman.

We also have Gino here. Our intern loudly clanking the water bottle against the glasses.

I'm sorry. As he forces for our guest. You told me we have a marine biologist coming in.

We do. Yes. Water more than anyone else. They're not Aquaman.

OK. OK.

Now I got to see this guy. But we have to get to our next guest.

This is exciting. He's a fourth grade teacher. Please welcome to the show Mr. Camp. Hi, Scott.

That's a heavy sigh. Well, I'm just I'm here to talk about.

OK. OK. Sure you are. But hey, say hello. Hi. Well, you said hello to me.

This is our guest, Brian. Hi, Brian. How's Gino. Don't worry about me.

Lombardo or Lombardi. I can't remember. It's Lombardo. Lombardo.

My father is Lombardi.

And who is your ex stepmom? My ex stepmom is Gina Carrera.

Really?

Wow. Tia Carrera's sister. Wow. I'd love to get some eyeballs on her. Yeah.

Me too. No one can find her. She's been missing for a decade. That's what I meant.

So is Tia Carrera. The police would love to get eyeballs on her, too. So Mr. Camp.

Hello. Hi. Everything all right? Everything's not all right.

Really?

Yeah. I was hoping I could get some advice from you. Oh, well, usually people come on the show.

I mean, we've had advice. Columnists come on the show and they're giving us advice. But you want advice from us.

I just need the opposite completely. Look, I think this is your best bet. Come on.

One of these shows where a guy talks to interesting people and sure. Yeah.

You know, I've talked to so many interesting people over the six hundred and some odd episodes that I can only imagine through osmosis.

I must have picked something up. So I may be the perfect person to talk to about this. OK.

That's what is the subject matter of the of what you need advice for?

Well, Scott, I'm not doing well socially, socially at my school.

A new teacher came and he's in the classroom next to me and he has a handshake for every single kid.

And I don't like an inside handshake. Oh, like a white basketball coach.

No, I've seen I've seen these. Exactly. He's a white guy with I've seen these videos where to make the kids feel special and get them engaged and interested in school.

They come up with a handshake for every single kid. And when the kids come to school, they do the handshakes and they love it.

And it makes them excited about it. So excited to have a positive cultural appropriation, which is nice for once in a while.

And then all the kids love it. And I and I look at that and I can't even do I can't do handshakes.

Scott, and you can't do it. Well, hold on. You can't even do any handshakes. I maybe can try the regular one.

But we try the regular one just to see what we're thinking.

All right. So high or low or is it.

I mean, I prefer to do it about waist level if that's OK. I like to jab at the eye.

You like to go up high and jab at the eye. OK, let's keep it down. Let's say nipple height.

OK, well, I'll give it a shot. Which one of which set of yours you have like a female pit bulls nipples.

You have eight running down your chest. Don't have to tell everyone about that. OK, just because you happen to walk in on me in the restroom.

Yeah. Pumping all eight. Pump and dump. Well, you got to pump.

Otherwise they get sore. I guess I'll just aim at this one right here.

Yeah. I'm sorry, Scott. I mean, that was my best shot. OK.

Yeah.

handshake, Mr. Camp. That was me trying my exact hardest.

Wait until I stick my hand out and then aim for that hand.

What do you say? Here we go. All right. Oh, my God. You came at me. You smacked my hand.

Well, I thought you were attacking me. OK, I'm not. Oh, I clearly was talking about a handshake.

You established the context that we were going to practice handshake. I thought this is a disaster.

This is what it's like every day at my school. Slapping those children. Slap them right in the arm.

They come up and I make them line up and I slap each one.

That's horrible.

I try different slaps. You're lucky that video hasn't gone viral. Oh, boy. You just haven't seen it.

Have you been on Twitter today? I missed the Internet today.

I was at Disneyland for an hour.

God, for an hour. I'm an adult at Disneyland. I love it.

Why did you go just for an hour?

Because I didn't have time to come here and do this. Oh, yes. It's like a waste of money. Yeah.

So I have the pass where I can go whenever I want because I'm an adult with tons of free time.

I'm a child. This is a childless adult who just wanders into Disneyland four days a week.

God, that's the dream. You're making fun of someone in particular. I'm making fun of a lot of people.

I just have adults in this friend in this peer group of this podcast because I was there with my nephew.

So I had an excuse. Oh, yeah. Yeah, of course.

So you are a teacher and you're the teacher next door.

What's his name or her name? His name's Eddie Yielding.

Eddie Yielding. Pretty cool.

He's just he calls him. People call him Mr. Eddie. And they call him by his first name.

Yeah, I'm just I got no chance out there. What do they call you? They call me Duncan.

And what's your first name? Is that your first name? Not at all. Oh, God. Because they dunk on me all day.

Oh, no. And they can see the nervousness.

They can see how much I'm sweating. You, by the way, you're perspiring. I know.

Just a healthy sheen over you. Is it healthy, Scott? I guess unhealthy would be more accurate.

It's kind of a sickly kind of oily yellowish kind of. I'm not eating well, Scott.

What's going on with you? Look, this once this new teacher came in and he was when did he come in?

He came in at the beginning of the school year. And how long have you been there? The summer school year.

Oh, I see. OK, so he's coming in June. Yes. And I'm usually the hot shot at the summer classes.

Really? Because it's less. Yes, really. I mean, there's not much competition.

I'm teaching 80 percent of the classes. So in the previous years you were the hot shot. Oh, what would you do?

You're like Mark Harmon of summer school, if you write. Yes.

No one knows how well Gino is.

Well, you know, summer school is kind of a joke. So I let him play kickball for three and a half hours and then we do math for 30 minutes.

So you were the cool teacher. I was. And then suddenly Mr.

Yielding comes in with these handshakes.

And he's got it. And I just don't. OK, so has that affected your teaching style now?

Are you still doing the kickball? I'm just drowning in my lessons. I try to do the kickball, but he does it better than me.

And then most of the time they play basketball anyway. OK, Paul's not in right now.

They prefer basketball to kickball. It's summer school for high school students, right?

Well, I'm a fourth grade teacher. But you teach outside. So you have fourth graders in summer school or is it high school?

These are the dumbest kids, you know. Yeah. I couldn't even imagine being in summer school when I was 10.

They were largely unhappy. So that's why we do kickball for the most of the time. That makes sense.

Wow. So Mr. Yielding or I guess Mr. what's his name? Mr.

Eddie. Eddie. People call him Eddie.

Yeah. And, you know, I'm just out there and all the kids go to the bathroom for long breaks and I find them in that guy's classroom.

Really? They go together? They all raise their hands at the same time? 35 kids raise their hand in unison and say, may I go to the bathroom?

And you say yes? And I have to. I got to say yes. What else am I supposed to do?

Because when one kid pieces pants, then you're over. Yeah, right. Also, 35 fourth graders is unwieldy. That's a lot of kids.

I mean, we just need a bigger budget, but it's not happening. So you have 17 on 17 kickball matches?

And one person is the umpire? Yeah. It's a pretty it's a fun game.

Everyone catches the ball every single time someone kicks it. Right. Not a lot of points scored. Almost no points scored.

It's a real defensive match. It's a game of attrition.

Really? It's like cricket. It takes place over three days.

Three and a half days. Yeah.

Where do you teach this? I had Crestline Elementary. Oh, okay. Crestline. Yeah. Right. In Jefferson County.

Jefferson County. Right. Crestline at Jefferson. Yeah, of course. And how long have you been a teacher?

I've been going on. This is my eighth year. And it was it was poised to be my best year.

In what way? What do you mean poised to be your best year?

Just mentally for you?

Or were there circumstances that were leading you to believe that this was to be your best year? Man, I just have to say I was I think it was a year of love for me.

I was hoping it would be a year. You were hoping it would be a year of love. Yeah. What do you mean by that?

I was finally feeling good. I was finally feeling confident.

I'm just hoping I can shoot my shot with a.

Shoot your shot. You're talking about a year of love and shooting your shot. What what are you referencing in particular? I was going to ask out a teacher.

Oh, thank God. Yes. Thank God. What's she like? What's her name? Or his. Or his. Or his. Sorry. You're right. Totally.

Yeah. Self hating.

What's their name? Thank you, John. Gmail. My type is any teacher. I'm wearing a name tag that says John. That's my fault.

Your type is any teacher? Yeah, I just was hoping. Male, female or non-binary? Male, female, non-binary. Even. You just want someone to relate to.

Yes, I just find teachers so attractive that I was just hoping I could get in there. This seems like a hyper form of like demisexuality in which you are, you know, in love with just a specific occupation.

Yeah. Which is interesting. It's very forward thinking.

What do you like about teachers? Oh, God. Some is off. Well, not this one, but. Right. We just. The rulers. The rulers.

The all the gear.

What are we talking? Sexy gear. We got we got pencils. We got old computers. Big, big wooden desks that are from the 90s. Three. Oh, three hole punch. Three hole punches.

Wow. God. I'd like to give Mr. Eddie the three hole punch.

That's the worst part. I'm attracted to him as well. And so it's just. I mean, he sounds pretty enigmatic. I mean, it's pretty great. And it's just it's tearing me up inside, Scott.

Has anyone ever approached you who was not a teacher that was into you and you just. All kinds of models. All kinds of models. I go to the mall, I get a pretzel and everyone hits on me.

What are what are models doing at the mall? They're getting discovered. Oh, OK. So these are pre models. Yeah. And then I get on the Internet later and I find out they became models. Oh, just later that day. Oh, that that person, I recognize them. Oh, what are you looking up on the Internet in order to find this out? Future models, I guess. OK.

Recent models, recent models.

You know, looking at tips for how to be cool and popular again, I guess. Oh, OK. Do you have any tips, Scott? Please.

Well, I can hear you have so many problems. I don't know which one you're looking for advice on. Well, I think you're best bet.

I know you're asking Scott, who's talked to over, you know, twelve hundred interesting people in the course of his career. Hardly any models. I have to say. Oh, yeah. Not a lot of people come on as models, although maybe some future models. I don't know. Oh, you never know.

You can you can have a room full of future models right now.

Yeah. Over here. I'd love to be a future model. Later today, you should Google future models and see what comes up.

Oh, yeah. It could be one of us. Just Brian's face. Just my headshot, my smiling face. Good happen. Sheriff.

I don't want to be like too frank or too casual or too direct, but I think you need to fuck Mr. Eddie. Right. Yeah, you just need to. We are. You just need to think that. I mean, assuming Mr. Eddie wants it. Oh, yeah, of course.

Consensual engagement.

Yeah, of course. But maybe I mean, has Mr. Eddie given you any signs? He gave me a pretty cool handshake, but I think he thought I was one of his students and you were able to actually give it to him back. Well, it was instinctual. I don't know what happened. It was the first time I ever did.

This is the first chemistry there. Yeah. Yeah. That you've ever been able to actually shake hands with. Wow. Yeah. And it's something I guess it was in the back of my head that maybe that was the answer. Yeah. There's an undeniable chemistry.

What else? What other parts of your body could connect and actually, you know, yeah. Is that Brian? Is that what happens? Usually, usually you just wherever you touch is where you just hit penises to get out of the rub. I'm sorry.

You have to ask a gay guy how gay sex works. You can't guess or you haven't watched hours and hours of footage of it. Yeah. You basically take your penis and you stretch it out as if you haven't been circumcised and you put it over the other person. Oh, it's a dog.

Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. But you smoke cigarettes while you do that. It's like a handshake down below. You know, where if you're Jay Leno from the waist down, that's exactly where the handshake. We used to call that handshake man shake milkshake. That's right. Okay. You shake hands, then you shake mans and then milk comes out. Okay. Have you ever said, Hey, hey, Mr. Ed, I'd like to ride you like that horse. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Say I like fill your mouth up with peanut butter. So it looks like you're talking. Yeah. Well, I did say to him in a sort of panic state after the first time I saw him handshaking everybody.

I think it came off more threatening than I meant. And right. Yeah. I mean, that animal probably was not treated well. No, no, no, no, no. Not at all. I look. Yeah. I mean, this guy, he's handsome. His lesson plans are on point.

Really? He's, he's got to, he's like, he's name equality and he's got it. I mean, he's so fast. You can run faster.

So fast. Really? How fast is he running? I was gonna say, I hope he's got strong. He's strong too, right? Yeah.

You gotta be fast. You gotta be, I mean, to be fast, you gotta be strong. And what are we talking? We're talking about 35 miles an hour. I timed the mile and he must've been around 35. He did the mile in about two, two minutes flat. Good.

That's record setting. That's real talent. That didn't even cut the corners of the field. Why is he teaching? You should be in the Olympics. Somebody sometimes just wants to give back and it's all I can do. Yeah. So, and how strong is he? God. He can bench 500 pounds. Jesus Christ. He's in the wrong field.

Does he ever get sick on planes or roller coasters? He never gets sick at all. And I get so sick, Scott. Oh, I can only imagine. Did you just come off one? Huh? Oh, Jesus. He just spun his wheelie chair and almost booted. Just talking about it has made you gag. This chair is very well-oiled up.

I didn't realize I could spin this fast. What would make you more confident? Like you could wear like sunglasses inside? Yeah.

Yeah. Okay. That would make you seem cool. Maybe going to, you know, Mervins or Sears and getting a new outfit. That's nice. That's cool. Like I haven't gotten any new outfits for the summer and maybe I could get like a fresh linen suit. Do you have an account at Mervins? Do you have those deals? God, I wish I had an account at Mervins. Does anyone here have an account at Mervins? Did you say linen suit?

Southern lawyers outfit, like a nice Sears soccer suit?

That would be amazing. It's so hot. Just fanning yourself constantly.

Well, I got it. Mr. Eddie. You know, remember those teachers when you're growing up, they would wear a full suit and they take their jacket off and put it on their chair.

Oh, they looked disgusting underneath those. Yeah. And you'd see how drenched their lower back is as they wrote on the chalkboard. I'm drenched and I don't even have a suit. Oh, poor guy.

Wow. I don't know what to tell you. I mean, I would say maybe you should look outside your interests for a partner if that's what you're looking for. I mean, and also you can be alone. Do you think that there's a teacher dating app? I feel like there's so many.

There's that farmer app. There's got to be a teacher. You think teachers would like to get together because they can go to happy hour 30 p.m. if they'd like.

They're still buying supplies for the kids. They know they're they have the same days off. You know, they're like, fuck on Columbus Day all day. Yeah. Saturday and Sunday. Oh, yeah. Yeah. I didn't even think of that. Weekends. I've actually heard of one called to teacher to teach a teacher.

What is the sounds? What does that stand for?

The 10 teacher. There's a I forgot the D in this. Oh, teacher, teacher, teacher, teacher. It's hard to say when it's when an app is hard to say. I think it's because I because I like the other one. The other app, teach harmony is I like that one.

I thought you've been on teacher. Are you looking for a teacher? I was looking. Well, teacher is one of my Pornhub search terms, so I get to serve the ad a lot. Oh, I see.

Yeah. OK. Busty teacher, hung teacher. Those are my big search terms. Right. Yeah. Gino, you're you're I'm bisexual.

Yeah, you are, but as has been well established. So, wow.

Two bisexual guests. I mean, although I don't know whether I don't know, it's teachers only. So it's sort of fluid. It's sort of a. Yeah. Now, does it does it go past? Does it have to be an academic teacher? Like, would you fuck a sensei?

Or a yoga in Japan where that is just a regular school teacher. A guy who works at Ray Shulman's Taekwondo, you wouldn't fuck. Not at all. What if someone had like an honorary doctorate like, you know, Dr. Bill Cosby? Everyone's favorite doctor. This is going to be a real test of character for you. Would you would you go out with him? I mean, is he holding the diploma?

What about anyone with a diploma on their wall? That's you know, when you go into someone's place and you check out their art and it's sort of like a barometer of if they're like you. It's like. Yes. Like if you go in a test. Sure.

If you go in a place and they don't have books, don't fuck them. Yeah.

Kind of that thing. They had diplomas. You boys fucking.

Wait, if you go into someone's house and there's a diploma on the wall, you're going to fuck them. We're going to fuck.

But it has to be a master's in education diploma. Oh, yes.

It definitely has to be.

OK, so it's not an ophthalmologist. A diploma on someone's wall in their home is outrageous. Yeah. Yeah. It's the sexiest thing I can imagine.

Are there diplomas on your walls at home? Oh, God, I just have the one. Just the one. Just yours. Yes. I mean, I would love to print off fake ones, but something about I know they're fake. So it doesn't do it.

I mean, I know it's I know it's tacky, but when I finally graduate Nassau Community College with my associate's degree in audio engineering, I'm going to put that diploma on my frickin wall. Oh, yeah.

Start with the fridge, then migrate to the wall. Yeah. Oh, yeah. I would put it on the fridge, but that's where a lot of my erotic art is.

Also, you have all those honorable mentions. Right. Yes, I got honorably mentioned in two different beauty pageants, one track meet and one Taekwondo tournament. How do you get honorable mention?

I ran out to do my first fight and I tripped and busted my nose big time. And everyone was like, well, just give them honorable mention. So I technically had to forfeit.

Plus you have those two most improved. Right, right. I have most I have most improved from my adult cursive teacher. Oh, what is adult cursive versus juvenile cursive?

It's learning. Well, you learn how to write swear words in cursive.

Yeah, they skipped all those when you were in school. So now it's like you got to learn how to do them now. I recommend it.

Mrs. Bartlett put in the curse in cursive. That's what her masterclass says.

When he said Mrs. Bartlett, I saw your eyes light up. Oh, I looked over at it. I thought I knew somebody named.

Well, I just another teacher. Oh, God. Mrs. Bartlett, an adult cursive teacher.

She's a child, though, but she teaches adult cursive.

What about somebody who plays a an educator on TV? What about Nick Freno from that UPN show about substitute?

Nick Freno 9-11?

I mean, as long as they're convincing, like if they're playing the part. Well, yeah, but but you would know it's fake, much like the diplomas.

Well, if if like Michelle Pfeiffer in Dangerous Minds, does that do anything for you?

Well, has she taught any acting classes or anything?

Because maybe that would bridge the gap. Oh, maybe.

I mean, that's the bummer is is that she actually started as a model. Oh, yeah.

No, thank you. So she's post model. She's not a pre model.

She's a post model.

She's a past model, not future. Well, that's right. That's right. That's right. The terms we read.

Maybe it's OK. It gets complicated, but I'd give it a shot.

I taught one UCB sketch course maybe eight years ago.

What do you think about me? Are you single, Scott? I am not, unfortunately.

Oh, God. Scott, I'm a mess.

I like how at least you are looking for consent and you're asking me if I'm single and interested.

Yes. So just doing what you do with when you're in a house with a diploma.

What do you do? Wait, wait, wait. I should clarify. You don't just start fucking someone.

You're just many steps in between. It's just you that lure the person into a relationship.

Yeah. What's the subject you're most confident in teaching and teaching and teaching?

My favorite subject is state history. State history.

That's very specific. You have to do state history for a specific state.

Yes, I'm from the well, I'm from Alabama. So we do. That's where the county is.

And so we teach, you know, Alabama specific history.

That's easy because nothing has changed in Alabama in a really long time.

That's true. It's just it's literally the same sentence over and over again.

So we get to 1955 and then it's sort of too question mark.

Honestly, we I don't remember if we go to a field trip to like a civil rights museum, I think we went to a field trip to the Golden Flake Chip Factory.

That makes sense. That's that. You want to learn that shit.

All the chips you can eat.

Well, Mr. Camp or Duncan or maybe I shouldn't call you Duncan.

I'm sorry I don't have any advice for you, but maybe our next guest does after we need to take a break before we get to him.

But a marine biologist, I mean, fish. Wow. You have sex with each other.

They live in schools. So does that do anything for you?

What about Aquaman? Wait, I got the hottest teacher. I'm sorry, Scott.

What was your pitch there? He's a marine biologist. So maybe fish fuck each other.

That might be good enough. Maybe he'll have some advice for you. Oh, I see. I see.

We do need to take a break, though. So do you know anything we need to set up for this break here or roll break?

We are at one second nudge, one minute grid. So let's just roll break. God, I'm so impressed with you.

All right. We'll be right back with more comedy. Bang bang after this comedy. Bang bang.

We are back here. Brian Safi of Throwing Shade is here.

And nine nine one nine one one nine to one to one nine to one to one.

What is that? Guys, right in front of one one. They call that red, white and green face.

What do you think of the movie Pinocchio? Do you know? Oh, I love it because I'm a liar.

OK. It rewards liars. It's nice to see a movie about a liar.

We also have Mr. Camp here, who is a teacher at Crestline Elementary in Jefferson County out there in Alabama.

And you flew out here to Los Angeles to get advice. I was hoping I could get some advice.

I think I misunderstood what the show was completely. It cost me a grand.

I booked a flight so late. Oh, yeah, that's expensive. Yeah.

Well, we need to directly we need to get to our next guest.

He's and we've been talking about him here for for so long.

He's a marine biologist.

Please welcome Dr. Chet Marianjello. Well, thanks so much for having me.

It's been a wonderful time. I've been here. Thanks. My goodness. Wow.

How deep voice you have. Thank you so much. It's very useful in the profession of marine biology. Holy shit.

How how would it be useful in that profession? Oh, I don't know if you know this, but to locate a fish you sonar.

Oh, well, I guess sometimes sonar are low vibrations. Sure.

So to locate a fish. How does that come up a lot in marine biology? I need to locate a fish.

We're talking about locating fish. I need to locate a fish.

I don't have a device that does it. Well, I got the professor, Dr. Chet.

That's how I've maintained my job at my school at Pensacola State University. Pensacola State University.

Sorry, you're a teacher. I do dab a little bit in the teacher.

Sir, your chair is rolling over real close to me. Oh, sorry.

I'll back up a little bit. How does one dabble as a teacher?

Oh, well, you don't do it all the time. Like an adjunct professor. That's right. Yeah.

I mostly do research. You do research regarding marine biology.

Marine biology. And for those of you who don't know what marine biology is, is basically anything underneath sea level.

That is correct. I study animals that live under the sea.

Is there a special animal? I mean, do you have a specialty?

Right now I'm talking about the herring a lot. Oh, the herring.

That is correct. A lot of people don't know this, but the herring is not native to the state of Florida.

Oh, really? I always thought it was native to the state of Florida. No, it is an intruder.

It's come over from where? It's come over from elsewhere.

Well, my guess is Australia, but I have not yet to confirm that.

Yeah, it's a hypothesis. That's right. But I just want to comment that there's three people here who work in podcasting professionally and you have the best voice by far.

That's a very kind thing to say. I've considered doing the podcast, but I can't figure out how to turn on my computer.

Oh, I got you there.

So everyone listening, turn down the bass here. Turn off your subwoofers during this episode. Everyone listening, have your wife sit on the subwoofer.

And why would they do that? Why would they have their wife sit on the subwoofer? Oh, yeah. Get off the washing machine, honey.

Come over here on the subwoofer. So you're a marine biologist. And what's going on in the field of marine biology right now?

Well, right now there's a big discussion about height and how tall a marine biologist should be if they want to be a marine biologist.

Really? Why is that? Is that because when you're standing knee deep in water, you want to be closer to the fish?

Well, a lot of people don't know this, Scott. Actually, in water, we're all the same height.

Oh, I guess. Yeah, I guess. In water, you are the height of whatever that water is. So if we were to be at your pool, I assume that you have a pool because you work in Hollywood.

Of course. That if you had a 12 foot pool, when we're all in the pool, we are all 12 feet.

OK, I got to call. Chet, I think you're wrong. I'm pretty sure you're wrong.

Listen, finish those classes before you come to a professor.

Fair enough. Fair enough. Sorry about that.

So there's a lot of discussion about how tall everyone should be, even though they're all the same height?

Well, it's a lot of discussion of whether everyone should be six feet two, which I am.

Right. Yes, you are six feet two.

Did you start that discussion?

Gino, you're six.

I'm six to ninety nine pounds now.

Right. And how much do you weigh?

I weigh about 175.

175. OK. Yeah. So I think he could probably take you.

But technically I have my feet in a little kiddie pool now, so maybe I'm one inch tall.

Oh, I could not fight. I could not fight, Gino.

The marine biologists have a strong vow against violence.

Oh, really? Are your are your hands registered as lethal weapons?

They are. They are. Because they can find fish. I could find the weakest part in Gino's body.

So you find fish with your voice.

That's correct.

But then once you have them, you're able to grasp them.

Yes. And the way that I grasp them is so powerful that a human body would crush its bones.

So you can talk like that underwater?

Oh, I have to.

I cannot find the fish.

So do you when you breathe out, when you talk, how do you breathe in?

So I'll show you. It's.

Oh, wow.

Oh, I don't know what I'm looking at.

It's like you're a fish.

You'd be coming way closer.

I guess. But it sounded like the three stooges snoring.

Yes.

Yeah. It sounded like there should be a feather floating up and down over your mouth.

Yeah.

Seven dwarves.

They don't they don't tell you this. But in the book.

So your sonar is not for finding fish. It's for learning fish closer to you.

Locating fish. Yes. Locating fish.

Yeah. But they don't tell you this. But a lot of the times when they were filming the three stooges, fish would come onto the set.

Wow. Really?

Like you said, they would just flop out of aquariums and make their way to Hollywood Center.

That's right. Get on the subway.

Burbank was flooded with fish.

This is wild because when we had a marine biologist on, I thought we'd be learning so much about marine bio, but we're learning so much about so much.

I mean, marine biology is everything. I mean, 75 percent of the human body is water.

That's true.

100 percent of history is water.

I tell you right now, the 75 percent of my body that's water is just quivering as you talk.

I apologize. I have that effect on people. It's deeply affected my sexual life.

I'll say that eight percent of my body that's cartilage is bone now.

Whoa.

By the way, Mr. Camp.

Is that how erections work? It goes from cartilage to bone?

That's correct.

Mr. Camp, when you said your sexual life, his eyes lit up.

Yes. Look, I don't want to pry, but do you have any tips or tricks for dating in the school world?

Oh, well, I don't- You are sweating so much right now.

Now, we just need to clarify because we got a little confused earlier.

Sure.

When he says school world, he means adults that work in schools, right?

Oh.

Yes.

Well, then I don't have any advice because as a professor- Oh, you had some?

As a professor, I'm only allowed to date students.

What?

Really?

You're only allowed to do that.

Is this an improv theater?

It is Florida.

I've dabbled in the improv.

Oh. That makes one of us in this room.

You dabbled in improv.

If you've been listening to this episode, you can tell you might be the only one.

Is there a movie that's accurate about sea life?

Yes. Good question.

Finding Nemo, Finding Dory.

I find Finding Nemo to be believable, but I do not find Finding Dory to be believable.

What's going on? Is it because they were trying to find Dory instead of Nemo?

Exactly. And then with the Nemo, I was so clear on what the objective was, but then you throw in another fish and I'm confused.

Ah, interesting.

It's great. What about Jaws? Is Jaws- Jaws is too accurate, in fact, that we are banned from showing it at Pensacola State University.

Because it's too accurate.

That is correct.

In what way- Sometimes truth can be too true.

Oh, I see.

That's what our current president is showing us.

Are all the Jaws' accurate? All four?

There are more Jaws?

There were four, but really the first one is- We got Jaws 2, Jaws 3D, Jaws The Revenge.

Yeah.

What about the TV movie The Beast?

About the Orca? It's a big squid?

Oh.

You're thinking of Free Willy. Free Willy? Free Willy?

Free Willy, less accurate, but mostly because of the Michael Jackson music.

Oh, the Meg?

I've never heard of this Meg.

Isn't that something?

Yeah, Megashark.

The giant shark.

Meg is that white girl that's always walking around with a venti ice coffee?

Well, only- It's me, Meg! Call me the Meg.

Only marine biologists are allowed to save Meg.

It's a thing that we can call each other, but you shouldn't save Meg if you're not a marine biologist.

Oh, jeez. Okay.

I gotta stay away from this.

I've done this a few times, and marine biologists is the least I've been offended.

Are there mermaids?

Okay, so I've talked about this before, but mermaids were- What have we talked about before? Let's just forget about that.

Not on this show, though.

No, not on this show, but I talk about it quite often.

The sailors were at sea for so long that they looked at Manatee, and the Manatee's figure appeared to them as a female figure, and they began fucking the Manatees.

So it's basically what happened to Geno in the Catholic church.

Just the mind plays tricks on you of when there's nothing there.

I mean, it's a lot like Mr. Camp over here.

I do believe that Mr. Camp is probably suffering from what we call Manatee syndrome, where you're around a person for so long they appear attractive to you.

Yeah. Have you thought about that?

Do you think Mr. Eddie Yielding is a Manatee? Is that what you're saying?

Well, describe him to me physically.

Well, he got big old fins.

Big, flat tail.

These are tip-offs.

I'm sorry.

You throw him cabbage and he eats it?

So he does wonderful handshakes with all 35 of his students with fins?

Fins! I mean, did you see Finding Nemo?

35 unique handshakes.

Not one anywhere similar to Manatee.

And he said he could run a mile in two minutes?

I think he's swimming.

I think he's swimming that well.

Oh, I think that makes more sense.

There's a sweep of water loop on the outside. I never thought that he'd use it.

I think the next classroom over just must have an aquarium in it.

And use the pool. That is the pool over there.

Right. And you've just looked at it for so long.

What do those meals consist of?

Well, big balls of cabbage.

Which is a naturally occurring marine vegetable.

Well, at those reserves you can throw cabbage in the water and they'll eat it.

Isn't that wonderful?

Isn't the school having issues where no one can drive their boats more than five miles an hour past the...

Yeah, so it's sort of like people trying to speed out of the dock because they're excited to be in their boat.

But it's a no splash zone.

Yes.

So excited to be in their boat.

I mean, that's when you want to be, you know...

You're like, God, I want a gun.

Yeah, you know, once you're out in open sea, it's like, oh, just slow it down. Let's relax.

But you're so excited to be on your boat.

Yeah, you just got to get it.

You got to get going.

I mean, I guess one time Mr. Yilden got a...

Fugees.

You like Fugees?

Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.

One time.

January, February.

What do you think about the Fugees, Dr. Chet Marangelo?

I love anyone...

I'm glad you said his name again because now I can lock onto that.

I love anyone that's Haitian, so I'm a big fan of the Fugees.

Really? You like anyone who's Haitian?

Anyone who's Haitian.

List them off. Who do we got?

Let's go.

Wyclef Jean.

Jason Derulo.

Rumored to be Usher.

Why doesn't he come clean about this?

He refuses to come clean about it, but we know.

Oh, man.

Jay Edgar from Bosch.

That's correct.

Jay Edgar.

And not only that, but they wrote it into his story for some reason.

He's now fighting a Haitian voodoo villain.

In season five, he reveals that he's Haitian.

And he's fighting a Haitian warlord in the next season.

I fucking love Bosch.

I don't even know what you're talking about.

Finally, a show for dads by dads.

Is that what Bosch is?

Bosch has taken the TV show.

It's more or less.

His daughter's always in trouble.

He's a good dad, though, because he knows how to talk to her and brings her in and out.

That's true.

Well, good for him.

Well, gosh, it seems like a lot is going down under the sea.

What do you think about The Little Mermaid?

You think that's funny, but that's very offensive.

In what way did I think it's funny, and how is it offensive?

Just because Scott says something doesn't mean he thinks it's funny.

You'll learn.

I've done a few of these episodes.

He says things that aren't funny all the time.

I apologize, Scott.

So many people don't take marine biology seriously.

I'm so sorry.

What about that Sebastian the crab?

Is he Haitian?

He is not Haitian.

He's actually from Barbados.

Barbados.

He's West Indian.

Yes, that is correct.

Okay, I apologize.

Haitian, but no, no, no.

Are you Haitian?

I am not Haitian, sadly.

My ex-wife was Haitian.

Oh, because you're ex-wife.

Who was your ex-wife?

Was she a teacher?

She was actually Lauryn Hill.

Oh.

Oh, okay.

That went a little off the rails.

Yeah, I feel bad for her because you wouldn't be attracted to her because she was miseducated.

That's true.

I guess you're right.

That's true.

Wow, so a lot of things going on.

What's recent news?

Anything happening?

Yeah, is global warming affecting your career?

Is climate change something you guys are talking about?

Look, it's good for business, baby.

What?

Oh, it's good for business.

People always calling you up?

They're always calling me up.

Check the sea levels, check the sea temperature.

Hey guys, keep driving those Hummers because it's good for business.

How's the sea level right now?

What's the number?

Hot.

Oh, you're talking about temperature level.

Oh, yeah.

Yeah, so it's up to hot.

It's up to hot.

Look, the city of Los Angeles will be underwater in two years.

Two years?

Oh, shit.

The Great Equine.

I've got to unload my house.

It's going to be the same height.

Yeah, close those pilot deals now, baby.

I better lock in something with freeform ASAP.

What about Long Island?

Long Island?

Oh, I don't think anyone cares, unfortunately.

Yeah, it's not in my book.

Let me look in my book real quick.

MS-13 will save Long Island from climate change.

What is your book?

You just pulled out a huge book.

I mean, it's almost like the Bible.

Oh, it is.

It's called the book.

It's dripping wet seaweed.

Well, you have to keep the book on marine biology wet.

Barnacles all over it.

Of course.

I keep it at sea when I'm not using it.

Have you ever gotten the bends?

Yes, I have many, many times.

Really?

That must be very terrible.

Many times?

That means that nitrogen poisoning is for real dangerous.

The trick is to chew gum.

It works the same way that it works in airplanes.

So while you're scuba diving, you're chewing gum?

I'm chewing gum the whole time.

This is the trick you use to have gotten it many times?

That's correct.

I've gotten the bends so I always keep some five gum on me.

Oh, wait.

So you keep it on you.

So if you're underwater, you feel the bends coming on you.

You feel nitrogen coming on you.

You take out some wet gum.

I'm doing a strict experiment usually, and I just chew it on it, and it clears up the bends real quick.

It's great.

What's your favorite fish?

You know, that's a good question.

Thank you so much.

I've been working on my questions, and I don't know.

When I thought of it, I was like, this is a good one.

Editors know, cut that part.

Oh, boy.

It's actually the puffer fish, and I'll tell you why.

Puffer fish, yeah, please tell me why.

It has a poison in it that in Haiti they use to make someone go under such a state that you think that they're dead, but then voodoo doctors bring them back as zombies.

Did Lauryn Hill ever do that to you?

Lauryn Hill did it to me twice.

No way.

So voodoo doctors came over to your house and brought you back to life, and you thought you were a zombie.

And they made me do things that I didn't want to do.

What did you do that you didn't want to do?

Write good reviews for the Fugees album.

Oh, no.

No wonder I bought it.

And you didn't want to do that?

I hated the score so much.

Why did you marry Lauryn Hill?

I loved her from before.

Oh, from Sister Act?

That's right.

And she discovered her talent, and you hated her.

I just said, what is this stuff?

Yeah.

Once a gal gets some self-confidence, you got to start doing something.

You got to let her go.

Who did she end up marrying after you?

Steven Marley or someone?

That's correct.

And then they had children together.

Zion?

That's why that song is called Zion.

Right.

Yeah.

I wondered.

A lot of people think it's about Zionism.

I thought it was about the basketball player.

Oh, yes.

He wrote it way before he was even born.

She predicted the coming of Zion Williamson.

I know a little bit about Haitian zombies from the not at all problematic film, Weekend at Bernie's 2.

Oh, yes.

Yes.

Is that set in Haiti?

No, but a Haitian voodoo doctor brings Bernie back to life.

Really?

A lot of good films have Haitian voodoo doctors.

Pirates of the Caribbean?

Oh, yes.

That's correct.

I like movies that are mostly about white characters getting Haitian voodoo involved.

Oh, yes.

Bad Boys 2 has a good Haitian cameo in it.

Oh, my gosh.

Right.

So they bring Bernie back to life, and what does he do?

He complains about the 1%.

Okay.

Is it Bernie Madoff?

No, it was Bernie Sanders.

Oh, Bernie Sanders.

Oh, got it.

Wait a minute.

I figured the other 1%.

He's in it.

So how long did it take for that puffer fish toxin to wear off?

It usually takes about a year to wear off.

A year?

My gosh.

That's a painful year.

It takes about a year.

While you're doing it, you can only do what they tell you to do.

Really?

So you're just sitting there zombified in a catatonic state.

Reviewing popular hip hop albums in the late 90s.

She only has like two records.

Well, it wasn't only her.

I also did Volume 2 by Jay-Z.

Oh, okay.

And the Rough Riders compilation.

Oh, with Eve and oh, no.

And DMX.

Yeah.

Oh, yeah.

So I'm just a huge D fan.

We don't get along.

So how did you make the switch from reviewer to marine biologist?

Oh, I was always a marine biologist.

But while I was dating her, I took a little bit of a break.

I wanted to help support her in her music.

So I would sit there.

Well, it sounds like you didn't support her at all.

I mean, you wrote her a horrible review.

A lot of people think that it's Wyclef in her version of Killing Him Softly going, one time.

But it's actually me.

That's actually you?

Oh my God, that's my favorite song lyric.

Yes.

Oh, I like when Wyclef lists the calendar all the way up to May.

January, February, March, April, May.

Oh, yes, yes.

What about November, though?

I wrote a lot of his songs as well.

He's gone.

Yeah, he's gone.

He'll be gone till November.

So do you...

My question is what happens in June through October?

That's all.

Yeah, that's true.

He's maybe in summer school over here with Mr. Camp.

You ever see Wyclef hanging around there?

You know what?

One of my students is, I think, Wyclef.

Why do you think he's Wyclef?

Because he's the only adult.

Very problematic territory.

He's an adult man.

You might have manatee syndrome here with Wyclef, though.

That's correct.

That's true.

I think I'm just so thrown off by the heat of the summer that I just...

Gosh, am I teaching a summer school class?

Do you have health issues where you overheat?

Maybe you shouldn't be teaching during the summer.

Are you like this during the winter?

Not at all.

Very focused.

I think you just...

You have to hibernate or something.

Take summers off, I think.

I just have to take summer.

Enjoy that time.

I wish I could.

I need the dough.

Maybe move to a colder climate.

Alabama's very warm.

It is warm.

It's very humid.

Yeah, maybe go up to Alaska or something like that.

Yeah, okay.

Well, maybe I'll give it a shot after the summer if I can save up money, but I really used up a lot of my savings to come here.

Yeah.

I'm so sorry.

But it was fruitful.

I mean, I guess I got some advice.

Maybe you could start some sort of Indiegogo or Patreon or something.

Or get on Cameo.

Start it.

I'll tell you what, if you mention Cameo, be careful because it's like the fucking candy man.

They'll never leave you alone.

I've done a couple of Cameos myself.

You've done Cameos?

As Wyclef Jean.

Oh, very confusing.

You're sort of like Gallagher too.

You're like Wyclef too?

Yes, yes, yes.

I'll come clean.

Wyclef Jean is a character that I invented.

No.

Wait, hold on.

Shit.

I mean, Lorne Hill was dating Wyclef, but it was you.

That is correct.

Like Chris Gaines.

Oh my God.

I'll show you guys.

Are you in my class?

Someone please call 911.

Wow.

He's talking about your show.

I can't believe it.

Wyclef sings the theme song for the show 911.

I've never...

He might.

I've never noticed the theme song before.

They don't play the theme song before every scene on set.

They're like, all right guys, let's get in the mood.

Someone please call 911.

Is that okay if I imitate it?

No.

That's not good.

Patient face is completely fine.

We need the numbers.

That's right.

That was the Italian mockery.

All good press or all press is good press.

I feel like you can sing however you want and say whatever lyrics you want in your car with the windows rolled up.

Sure.

Yeah.

You can really be at your worst.

At one Kanye West concert.

Yes.

At one time during the encore.

Yes.

That's right.

Oh my gosh.

So you're Wyclef.

Congratulations.

I mean, you know, the eclectic, right?

Wasn't that one of his records?

Was it the eclectic?

Yes.

What a trick you pulled up.

Got to meet Shakira.

I did.

It's not Shakira.

Shakira.

That's me.

Yeah.

Did you just like sort of use sonar on her too?

And she came running.

Well, a lot of people don't know that Shakira is a fish.

So I had manatee syndrome with her.

Yes, you did.

Oh my God.

It turns out her hips did lie.

They're not hips at all.

They're a tail.

They're tails.

Extorsal fins.

Oh my.

What a freak.

Wow.

So that song is me calling her out of the ocean.

Right.

What happened with you recently?

Wasn't there a big, didn't you have a big controversy about a charity you were involved in or something?

Yeah.

It turned out that my charity wasn't giving to the island of Haiti at all.

I was actually just taking profit from myself.

Why would you do something like that?

Stop that with the glasses.

All this water talk is making me thirsty as fuck.

I guess so.

A lot of people don't know this, but I tried to run for Haiti and I was stopped by a...

Run for president of Haiti or some sort of politician?

Yes.

For president of Haiti and I was stopped by Sean Penn.

Sean Penn for some reason has set himself up as the Batman of Haiti and stopped me from becoming president.

Speaking of bad boys.

That's Chapo's.

He's such a hero.

You remember that time Sean Penn went out at the Oscars and basically called Chris Rock a piece of shit?

Yes.

What a great guy.

I don't remember that.

What did he say?

Chris Rock was hosting that year and Sean Penn came out and was like, I don't find you funny?

Yes.

I think you're offensive?

Yes.

And was really upset that he was making fun of a rich actor.

Was this a couple years ago or like 20 years ago?

Just like brown milk.

Oh, okay.

He was making fun of one of his friends.

Yes.

Oh, that's right.

Okay.

Yeah.

It was around milk.

That's how you kind of like.

There's pre-milk and post-milk for me.

That's all I know.

I just stick with my kind.

All this talk about milk is making me thirsty.

Not a lot of people know this, but you can get pregnant from pre-milk.

That's true.

So always use protection.

Pre-milk works, post-milk, it all works.

All right guys.

Well, we're running out of time.

I would love to just shoot the shit about fish and teachers and milk and so many other topics, but we're running out of time.

We just have one final feature on the show and that's a little something called Plugs.

My mama she always said, you better not judge a book by its cover.

But now you're going to judge a book by its cover.

Oh my goodness.

That was Motherplugger by Christina Orlando.

I was a fan.

Speaking of Florida, my gosh, that was, I enjoyed that.

You liked that Gino?

Yeah.

It reminded me of Spaghetti Western and no Italian jokes.

All right.

Sorry.

Thanks to Christina for sending that in.

All right.

Let's plug it up.

Brian, what do you have to plug?

Throwing shades every Thursday.

9-1-1 starts in September.

And what day is that on?

That's hopefully not Thursdays because my Thursdays are booked listening to Throwing Shades.

Oh, right.

Of course the show is an hour.

I actually don't know.

It's September 23rd, I think, but I don't know what day of the week that is.

I'll tell you what it is.

It is a Monday.

Okay.

So Monday nights.

Wow.

There we go.

There's a lot of blocks.

Yeah.

How do I know that?

Do you have that kind of brain?

No, my film opens September 20th.

Oh, right.

I just- Oh, weird.

It's not your turn to plug yet.

Oh, sorry.

Sorry.

We'll get to it.

So Mondays on Fox, 9-1-1.

Maybe there's a roller coaster this year.

Who knows?

We'll see.

What if they just, it was all roller coasters.

You know what?

That would be so, how fun would that be?

Just like Kiss Meets Phantom of the Park every single week.

That would be so thrill.

Wow.

That would be so fun.

Gino, I'll give you some plugs, even though you're really here to complete your coursework.

But go ahead.

I appreciate that.

Lately I've been listening to a Patreon podcast called Action Boys.

Oh, really?

I've heard of that.

That's a couple of goofballs talking about action movies, right?

Yeah.

Long Island's fifth best comedian after Jerry, Howard, Alec, and Eddie is John Gabris and him and two of his white cis male friends.

It's three white guys talking about movies, you know, AKA a podcast.

And they talk about classic action movies.

It's behind a paywall, but I think the comedian John Gabris put up a free episode on his High and Mighty.

So if you want, if you're not sure, if you want to check out the most recent.

High and Mighty is a different show that John Gabris also does.

Yeah.

He hosts like really the most self-indulgent podcast there is.

He invites people over to his house and just talks to them and then puts it up and doesn't edit it or listen to it.

All right.

Yeah.

All right.

Action Boys, not Biz.

Sorry.

Action Boys with a Z. Biz with a Z.

You want to do it, Rodanthe?

No, but we will add it.

You want to do it Epps?

Sure.

I'll talk to them.

I said Dr. Cam, but I guess I'm Mr. Cam.

It's Mr. Cam.

Wow.

You suddenly grew a spine.

Look at you.

You rose from the table.

It did get chilly in here.

If I was a doctor, my life would be completely different.

Oh, in what way?

Would you still want to fuck all the teachers?

Oh God, I'd want to fuck myself.

You are a teacher.

You should already want to fuck yourself.

Oh yeah, but I know.

I don't know what I'm talking about.

So that's why your tattoo, all doctors should go fuck themselves, makes sense now.

Okay.

I will plug this show called Adam Ruins Everything.

It's a guy educating people.

Wow, you must be really into him too.

I'm so into him.

I wish.

He is not a teacher though, although he does teach us in every episode.

He's an infotainer.

Yes.

Okay.

So there's new episodes in August.

Oh wow.

I think- That's got to conflict with your summer school schedule though.

Yeah, I can't watch any shows.

But yeah, I guess I'll just plug that.

Just that.

Okay.

Very good.

All right.

Now, Dr. Chet, Mary and Jello, AKA Wyclef Sean.

Oh, I feel bad about letting out that secret.

Oh, that's okay.

We're not going to tell anyone.

Oh, thank you so much for that, Scott.

You're a very, very kind man.

Although I am going to go rewatch all those videos.

Oh, you'll notice some things you didn't notice before.

How did you get into character?

Were there prosthetics or- There's a lot of prosthetics and I lived in Haiti for about two weeks.

Okay.

Yeah.

Because physically you're not a lot like him.

Yeah.

Physically I'm not Haitian, but- Right.

But who is these days?

But I would like to plug two podcasts if I could.

I like listening to things made by Haitian people, so I like the podcast Culture Kings.

Oh, okay.

Available anywhere you could do podcasts.

They have The Wokest, which is on Stitcher Premium.

Oh, okay.

And those are, they're made by Haitians?

They're made by a Haitian man.

Two different Haitians?

The same Haitian man in France.

Really?

Who is this?

This is the kid I've heard.

Oh, okay.

Great.

All right.

So people should check out that.

That's absolutely correct.

All right.

Fantastic.

And also if you could ask your fans to listen to the score while they're asleep, because I make about three cents per spin.

So if they can listen to it while they're asleep, that's correct.

No problem.

I want to plug the Comedy Bang Bang Tour.

Boy, this is so exciting.

We're adding dates as well.

We have some new dates I want to talk about, but first the dates that are already on sale.

August 21st in Medford, Massachusetts, August 22nd in Providence, Rhode Island, and August 23rd in New Haven, Connecticut.

New Haven, that's kind of over there by Long Island a little bit.

Yeah, it's just across the Sound.

Yeah.

Wow.

That'll be exciting.

Yeah.

Just shout across the Long Island Sound and say what's up to my mom, my stepmom, and my dad.

And your ex stepmom.

And my ex stepmom.

Right.

Okay.

No problem.

And if you see my ex stepmom, Gina Carrera, Tia Carrera's sister.

Or Tia.

If you see Tia, maybe she can lead you.

Sure.

Yeah.

I'm excited.

As a matter of fact.

We also have September 5th in Kansas City, Missouri, and September 6th in St. Paul, Minnesota.

That one sold out, so we added an extra date.

September 7th in St. Paul, and then September 8th in Chicago.

We just added that one.

Those are on sale.

And then we added two new dates, which I'm very excited about, in November.

November 11th in Philadelphia, and November 12th in Washington, D.C.

Both of those just went on sale a few days ago.

So check those out.

You are available.

Oh, really?

You're available to do what?

To record them?

Yeah, I can be there.

I can record them if you need it.

You're available those particular dates?

November 11th and 12th?

How do you know?

Because remember, remember the 11th of November.

Oh, okay.

Okay.

That makes sense.

And then I mentioned it too early in Plugs, but September 20th, the Between Two Ferns movie comes out.

I directed it and wrote it and did some other stuff for it.

So check that out when it's out.

All right.

Let's close up the old Plug bag.

Close your eyes and open up that bag.

You gotta get those eyes closed.

Get them, get them, get them, get them, get them, get them, get them.

Don't be closing, don't be closing.

Open them up and let's get loaded.

Let's get loaded.

Open up the bag.

That was a great song.

Yeah.

Was that Sonic's voice?

It might be.

They're retooling him, so I don't know exactly.

Guys, I want to thank you so much.

Brian, great to have you on.

Thank you.

I can't believe this is the first time you've been on.

I know.

It was such a pleasure.

You should be here every episode.

I'm happy to be here every episode.

We'll see you next week.

Great.

See you.

All right.

And Gino, always good to see you, of course.

A pleasure.

Uh-huh.

And Mr. Camp?

Hi.

You got it right.

Any time I talk to you, you revert back to zero.

Yes, you got it right, so I shrunk a little bit.

Thanks for having me.

My pleasure.

And Dr. Chad Marangello, AKA Wyclef.

Everyone should listen to the score tonight as they sleep.

Please, Clint, consistently, I need the money to pay off some divorce papers.

To Lauryn Hill?

That's correct.

She doesn't have any money either.

She hasn't made you into a zombie for this year, has she?

Are you just here because you're a Haitian zombie?

Oh my God.

What's going on with him?

He's shaking.

He's foaming at the mouth.

Oh my God.

Lauryn Hill, are you in there?

Are you listening?

Strumming my pain.

Oh my God.

All right.

We'll see you next time.

Thanks.

Bye.

End recording.

Heroes.
