---
layout: page
title: 612. Jimmy Pardo, Carl Tart, Lauren Ashley Smith [https：⧸⧸cloudfront.wolfpub.io⧸CBB-612-20190724-Pardo-RCv01-PW.mp3].mp3.wav
category: cbb 
---

♪ When the moon hits your eye like a big pizza pie, that's assault.

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

Thank you to Euripides Shorts for that cash-fright submission.

Euripides Shorts, wonderful cash-fright submission.

And welcome to another edition of Comedy Bang Bang.

And I believe this is our final episode of Hump Month.

Hump Month, of course, is the middle month of the year when everyone fucks all year.

So hopefully you'll get yours in in the last few days.

And welcome to the show.

This is Comedy Bang Bang, the show where, let's just face it, I talk to interesting people.

And when I say I, I mean, my name is Scott Aukerman, your host, and our guest of honor is pouring some water and the illustrious sounds of liquid.

I love those combinations of those hydrogen molecules mixed with those oxygen molecules.

H2O.

At sort of the two to one sort of ratio.

Yeah.

Two of those hydrogen mix that with one of those oxygen.

I love those.

That's right.

And you are enjoying that.

You can't hear yourself plug in?

OK, there's two things that could be wrong.

You could be needing to turn up the volume.

Oh, no, I hear you very well.

You hear me very well.

I hear you very, very well.

We could always switch you to another headphone as well.

There are plenty to choose from.

As long as you can hear me, I'm fine.

Oh, well, I would love for you to be able to hear yourself.

Do we agree I've got nice pipes?

You really do.

You brought them with you.

I should hear what I'm offering.

You really should.

Can we get someone in here to help our friend?

Whatever they just did.

Whatever they fiddled with, just solved.

And anyway, H2O.

H2O.

Hump Month.

That's a great record.

Well, what do we have on the H2O record by Hall and Oates?

We have do we have private eyes or is that no?

They're watching you.

They are definitely watching you.

We have to agree on that.

Yep.

He of course, you know who this is from just hearing his pipes, first of all, but also his general just point of view about things and his Hall and Oates references, which are approximately 30 years old.

Yeah.

He's a great friend of the show.

He's been on since the early days.

I believe he substitute hosted for me on several times, several times.

And one of my oldest friends in the biz, certainly.

And friends off biz as well.

He is the host of his own podcast called Never Not Funny.

And he certainly puts that to the test every single week.

And he is a great man.

Please welcome back to the show, Jimmy Pardo.

Hello, Scott.

How are you?

I know we've already been conversing, but I'll still say hello.

This one is mine, right?

I poured this beforehand.

OK, very good.

Thank you for the coaster.

Of course, my headphones.

Thank you for getting me.

He's thanking every single person involved with the production.

Taking everybody out of the Jimmy Pardo promise.

You cast him in something.

He'll thank every single person.

I do.

The the few times I'm on set of anything as an actor, I'm on as a host many, many times.

Sure.

But I've had you on my show.

I had you on three to four times.

Three, three.

And the third time you were cut.

That's right.

And then the fourth season, I was not asked to at all.

No, it was on five seasons.

Oh, then I did four or five.

Is that true?

I don't know, but I had you on as often as I could.

We still have it because of my son, Oliver, likes to revisit them from the time we have all of them on the DVR at the house.

You're kidding.

Every single episode?

110?

No, the ones that you're on.

The ones that I'm on.

My kid doesn't care about you.

He loves Marisa Tomei.

Well, you did ask me if I could send you the cut scene out of the it was the Stephen Merchant episode.

You were not asked for five because he was in number four.

But you had a very funny scene in the Stephen Merchant episode where you were a you were a basketball coach trying to recruit him because he's so tall.

I can't recall.

I wanted to recruit him because he already had the goggles.

He was wearing the glasses.

He wore glasses, which you were misconstruing as the goggles that basketball players would wear.

Is it because he's tall?

I go, look at that.

He's got the equipment.

He's like, look at that.

Now, I regret I didn't stick my hair back.

I should have stuck my hair back for the character.

That had nothing to do with why it was cut.

I think that's what cost me.

That's what cost me some air time.

It literally was cut because it was a very funny bit and you were very funny in it.

And I believe it exceeded one minute long.

The shortest that we could get it.

And I was like in a four minute interview.

I don't know if I can devote one to me.

Right.

I also don't know if it moved the story along at all.

I mean, it was just a one minute funny nonsense.

Yeah.

Well, it was the Clash of the Titans episode where we had a lot of stop motiony looking puppets that we used and we had to integrate all that into Steven Merchant stuff.

So unfortunately it was just, I was trying to fit it in there, but I sent it to you as a little extra so you could show your son Oliver.

I don't know if I've ever received that.

Yes, you did because you watched it.

Yeah, you responded back and you showed it to him and you said it was very funny.

Well, listen, I got to look for that.

You know, here's what happened.

I had some email troubles.

Not like who should be our president, but.

But her emails.

Yeah, I got Podesta and I got hit hard on the emails.

Yeah.

Oh, really?

All of yours were published?

Wouldn't that be a nightmare, by the way?

If all my emails were published?

If suddenly everyone.

The worst ever.

Who do you think would be, would take it the hardest?

He may be in this room.

Oh, shit.

He may be, and if not in this room, certainly in this building.

Oh, no.

Yeah.

I don't know if that's accurate.

I think you're top 10.

Yeah, maybe.

Yeah, because we've all probably said things about each other that we don't want each other to see, right?

There's no, I just met the two new people in this room.

I've already emailed badly about them.

The second that he had to give me a glass.

I'm sure there's got to be one email in there of like, why the fuck wasn't I asked for season five?

You know, to you directly to you or you mean to somebody else?

Just someone else.

Yeah.

No, you know, I learned early on to keep those, keep the.

Those as private conversation.

Let's have that be a conversation and not a text or an email.

I have an agent by the way, who does not represent me as a writer because I stand with the WGA, but represents me in all other areas.

And he refuses to email things.

And I think he might be one of the smartest people alive.

And when you say things, you mean like any conversation, business conversation, anything, he will not put it on paper or on digital paper.

He will call you about it and he'll discuss it with you, but he will, if you ever need an answer from him via email, he'll answer in the most curt manner of just like a yes or I think so or something.

He will never go into any details.

But as long as you know, that's what he's doing.

Those curt answers don't upset you.

No, they don't upset me.

And I, in fact, it used to be like, what is going on with him?

But since then I've been like, this guy is smarter than anyone.

Yeah.

Cause I have stuff dangling out there that I don't want anyone to see.

I know I do.

And again, I, why did I get hit hard in 2016?

What happened in 2016?

Well, listen, the election hit us and, uh, you know, they saw my emails, they saw my anger leaving Chicago.

And, uh, you know, that was upsetting.

When will Dennis Young get back with sticks?

I can't have that out there.

Is that movie chef about him?

Oh, it is specifically about Jason chef guy that replaced Peter Sotero.

Don Favreau made a whole movie about the guy who replaced Peter Sotero.

Yeah.

Did he leave Chicago?

Jason?

Yeah.

Jason has left Chicago.

Oh no.

What is Chicago going to do now?

They can't tour anymore.

Or do they find someone who's there?

They're at the Greek this weekend.

Who's singing?

They got a guy, a fellow named Neil now, who is a phenomenal singer.

A fellow named Neil.

Yeah.

Neil who's I can't pull this last name.

Is Neil Finn just like replacing every, like he was in Fleetwood Mac and now he's going over to Chicago?

He's hopping everywhere.

Oh my God.

No one knows what we're talking about.

This is, uh, uh, Jimmy Pardo.

He has a show, Never Not Funny, which is, uh, uh, one of the oldest podcasts in existence.

2006.

So we've been going since 13 years.

We just started our 14th year.

That's right.

Wow.

Right.

Baker's dozen also has to do with Jason chef.

In what, in what manner?

He's a baker.

He's a baker and a chef.

He loves the kitchen.

He loves, you can't get Jason chef out of the kitchen.

I think if you can't say something has to do with someone, unless both words are about them.

Well aware of it.

Well aware of my flaw.

You can't just say that, Oh, Baker's dozen refers to Jason chef because he's a baker.

Another, you gotta throw the dozen in.

Another, another way to go with that would have been when you go, that's right.

And then the conversation would have ended.

There would have been another way to handle this.

Stop criticizing my hosting style.

I do.

Who are you Conan O'Brien?

I said one word and yes, you are going to run team Coco.

You used to be a Jimmy.

As some of you probably know, Jimmy used to warm up the crowd or, or be the opening act as you used to call it for the Conan show for many, many years.

Carol knows that.

Yeah.

Friends of mine named Carol.

We all have friends named Carl.

Carol knows it.

You know, the baseball great, Carl Everett.

He's well aware of what I did.

I coded.

I, uh, I, I would open the show for the Conan show, which by the way, uh, I, I saw one of the shows over there at universal when he was doing the tonight show and I made my sister in law walk from my old, uh, place to universal when she, and she was, I believe she must've been 16 or 15 at the time she was a snotty teenager and she was so upset at me that we were walking.

We're talking half a mile at most.

At most.

She was so mad at me.

She would not talk to me the entire walk there the entire walk back.

Really during watching the show, she's visiting from Minnesota of state that no one should ever live in.

And I try to show her some showbiz glamour and I get great seats from you.

You're welcome.

And I know you personally and you shout us out personally.

I do.

From the stage.

I made you and your sister feel comfortable and welcome.

She is not excited by this at all and will not talk to me just simply because I made her walk a mile round trip.

Did you explain to her that had you driven, first of all, it would have taken you longer.

Yes.

B where you would have parked, you would have walked almost as far.

Yes.

All of that explained.

She now, of course, she's a wonderful woman.

She's in her twenties and she's grown.

And we wish her well.

Yeah.

And she's fantastic.

But back then very upset.

Little trouble.

But yeah, I've been gone from Conan for three years now, I think.

Yeah.

And you of course, you did not go on to it.

It wasn't like you moved on to cordon.

No, I did not move.

I did not cross the street as David Letterman would say, and then try to put Conan out of business.

No, but you're you instead are focusing on never not fun.

Well, I left to go do a race to escape on the science channel.

That's right.

You were the host of a it was kind of a, was it a game show?

Do you call it a game show?

Well, they were playing for $25,000.

So I think you have to describe it as a game show, but it really was because it was on science channel.

It was two teams competing against the clock and each other to get out of this identical escape rooms.

And so it was really kind of to see how human nature.

Our escape rooms, by the way, are they, I just had this thought the other day of like being in one of them when an earthquake hits or a fire and you not being able to get out.

You can get out at any time.

You can't.

Once I've done, they do not lock the door.

They don't like that.

You just, you in order, you play into the idea that you can't get out, but you could get out if you wanted to.

Why does everyone just go, go out through the emergency exit?

You got to look at the beakers.

You got to look at the beakers, the bunsen burners, whatever theme room you're in.

You got to investigate that.

Oh, what's in that dossier?

The dossier.

Yeah.

Jimmy, tell us about Never Not Funny, because I think even though you're one of America and the world, one of the oldest podcasts in existence and certainly a should be on Mount Podmore as one of the people who started this whole medium.

Boy, do I thank you for saying that out loud.

And being definitely one of the people who influenced this very show into existence.

I think appearing on your show in the early years gave me the confidence to have my own show and just you even having a podcast made me kind of say, Oh, podcasts are a thing.

So you're one of the forefathers of this entire medium.

And what's great about you is you're still doing it at the level at which you started, which I think is like a lot of people when they do something for 13 years that it can sort of slide into comfort or whatever.

But you are still doing it at such an incredible high level.

And you're one of the great minds in podcasting.

But tell us about exactly what it is for those people who have not heard the show who should be dipping in and visiting.

I guess the best way to describe it is it's morning radio without the bells and whistles, although we seem to be adding some bells and whistles.

There seems to be some more and more theme songs are coming in for different segments and drops and you're playing games.

We're playing games.

So it's morning radio.

We're really morning radio in a podcast form.

But initially, that's how I described it.

But again, more and more.

Yeah, it's like, let's get ready for sevens, which is a great game that we play.

Right.

So now when you say we, who exactly is involved?

I've got my co-host and producer of 13 years, Matt Belknepp, which I just found out after 13 years that K is silent.

Yeah, well, you know what I call him.

I call him cholesterol.

Because he's the silent killer.

And I always the K is silent.

So I would always in my head, I was always like, Matt, cholesterol, bell down.

And it makes no sense, except it just did for you.

I enjoyed it.

I laughed.

I and I clapped at it and then did a voice.

I also we've got Elliot Hochberg, who is our video gentleman.

He videographer.

He he's our video producer behind Video Village, as we say, because this is not only an audio podcast and you can hear it on this very network, the Earwolf Network.

But you also can watch the video if you join. Is it a Patreon?

If you are. No, it's a it's our own thing.

You had to create it because it didn't exist.

It did not exist.

You you almost you should have just created Patreon.

Hey, there's a lot of things I should have done.

There's a lot of that sort of thing.

But you're doing very well because this is a great podcast.

We're doing wonderful.

Lee, wonderfully to use the proper the Queen's English.

And and then Garen Cockrell is our intern who at the end of the day, he's not really an intern anymore.

He's a cast member.

Sure.

And I can't tell you the Disneyland language.

Yeah.

Cast member.

He's a cast member.

Right.

But he's really they call cast members.

They call like the janitors cast.

Right.

And that's how we refer to him.

He's a cast member.

But he's basically the janitor of the podcast.

I wish he wasn't.

He hasn't cleaned a thing.

He does nothing.

That's the thing is he seemed to have duties at one point.

At one point.

And now, like, you guys will bring up something and no one knows the answer.

And he should be looking it up.

Yeah, because that's what he was hired to do.

Instead, he's just sitting there.

I know.

But he's we're thrilled to have him.

And we the four of us have really we really become like this this this team that you can lift us out of there and put us anywhere in the country.

And we could take over a slot on any radio station.

You don't want to do that because terrestrial radio is dying and they all wish they had podcasts.

I don't know if it's dying as quickly as we say.

Well, they I think they all thought it was going to be dead by now, but it keeps hanging on.

But certainly the money is not there any longer.

Well, the money is too tight to mention.

We know that.

Oh, very good.

Simply read.

Am I right?

That's right.

These are the kind of if you were to listen to Never Not Funny and you had no knowledge of any music from the nineteen hundred and eighties, you would be lost.

Yeah, I can't deny any of that.

You'd be like, but we get a lot of young kids that go.

I have no idea what those references are, but they make me laugh.

That's the thing is, is like to listen to Never Not Funny, you're hearing some of the quickest minds in podcasting, having a very engaging, funny conversation.

You don't need to know what the references are.

But, you know, when I used to watch SCTV back in the day, I didn't know who Sam Peckinpah was.

Right.

But it made me interested in finding out.

That's right.

When you say something like H2O Hall and Oates, I'm a kid who doesn't know what any of those things mean.

I'm going to go buy that Hall and Oates record and hear some solid jams.

You're going to jump right into buying.

You're not going to sample it to see if you like it.

Okay.

Sample it and you make my own record.

You know what?

Remember when you and I used to make this is maybe something private.

I don't care.

Say it.

You and I used to make each other mix tapes.

Oh, I would love it.

I love making mixtapes from my friends that I wanted to have sex with.

Confirmed.

Now we can finally.

The third song always expressed my feelings a little more intimately.

I remember.

We don't have to take our clothes off to have a good time.

We ended up getting that way.

Yeah, we used to make each other CDs and stuff.

It was early on.

I do.

I, I, I know nothing about computers.

I'm not good with them, but I found this software that you could make CD covers and booklets.

And I remember making you, uh, like you'd go, Hey, I've got this, uh, Neil diamond best of, and I would go, uh, what's the track list.

And you'd email me that and you would make the booklet.

Yeah.

I love that.

Yeah.

I remember that.

I couldn't tell you how to do that today.

Like if I used to know too, I used to have the software because I was in a CD club where there were like 10 of us, I think.

And one of us would be in charge of the theme every week or every month, sorry, it was monthly.

So you would pick a theme.

I remember mine was breaking up was my theme.

And then all 10 people would pick a song that whatever that meant to them, right.

And then the person would compile it into a track list and sequence it into a, like a CD that, that really illustrated that theme.

And then we would all make the artwork and then mail them to each person, not email, like physically mail it to each person.

Drop it in an envelope.

And that was always really fun.

And that's when I knew how to do all that stuff, but I couldn't even tell you now because I haven't done it in 10 years because there's no need to anymore.

I haven't done it since you and I did it.

And I want to say in 2003 is when we were doing that.

Boy, great years for us.

Oh boy.

I knew how to burn a CD.

And then I got a dog and you never came over to my house again.

That's right.

I was so grateful that dog showed up.

Give me an excuse.

No, I know.

That is why we used to get together all the time.

And then I bought a dog and you were like, I'm allergic.

I'm never coming over to your house again.

I used to, these are two true statements.

I dated two girls in my life and I've got many girls, but these two specifically.

Okay, sure.

One was I, I said, you don't need to hear your whole resume.

Let me start.

So Michelle Corlette in third grade was very, very attractive.

I dated a girl named Carla who I, I remember Carla Gugino.

No from sin city.

We had a conversation once where I said, I know that we're done.

If I ever show up and you have a dog and I showed up one day and there was a dog.

This happened to me with my ex-girlfriend.

I moved to Milwaukee to live with her.

And she's like, I, I'm thinking about getting a cat.

And I said, I'm so allergic to cats.

Please don't do that.

Two days later, she got a cat and I was out the door.

Scram pal.

The other one was I was living with a girl named Jennifer.

And I said, I remember this.

Of course, there's the Forrest Gump story.

There is, we'll have to tell that in a second.

I was, there was a time I've since relaxed very much on tattoos, but I was very much against tattoos by that.

I mean, her villages.

Um, I was very against tattoos for some reason.

And I always said, I go, you know, we would get in these weird fights.

I would say, if you ever get a tattoo, I'm out of here.

And then I was on the road.

You sound like a terrible, I was horrible.

I was a drunk back then.

I just, uh, it's over 20 years now, but I was, uh, I was on the road and I came back, uh, I forget whatever club I was at.

And I came back on that Sunday afternoon and she's got like a bandage on her, on her ankle.

And you feel it back and it says, get out of here, Jimmy.

Scram loser.

Scram controlling weirdo.

Uh, and yeah, it was, she had a tattoo and it was like, Oh, how long did it take you to get out?

It was a boy.

How long did it last?

Did you find yourself kind of going, Oh, I like it.

Or were you like, no, you know what I did.

It turned out I didn't care.

You didn't care.

Yeah.

It was just, uh, but then other things happened.

Tell the Forrest Gump story.

Cause I love this story very quickly.

I, uh, very quickly.

Well, I know you get more to do.

Sure.

We have other, by the way, we have great guests coming up.

We have a celebrity and a vocal coach.

I know, that's why I'm a little, I wonder I'm racing a little bit because I'm awestruck.

Okay.

Um, I was living with this girl named Jennifer at the time.

And, uh, we had, we had gone out in the late eighties, early nineties.

We then broke up for three years, then got back together and it's all I wanted was to get back together.

Yeah.

You love Jennifer.

Crazy about Jennifer.

And we got back together and it turns out we broke up for a reason.

You know, it was like, uh, she also was, she was a young girl and, and, and I, anyway, we don't have to get into the mind.

Yeah.

So, uh, I, we had a horrible breakup, horrible broke.

I broke my heart.

It, I mean, you were a wreck.

I was a wreck.

A wreck.

The tears were flowing and you didn't mind showing.

Just this, I don't know if that's a phrase, but I'll agree with it.

Okay.

Uh, I was devastated and I had to, uh, after I moved out quickly and my friend Graham Elwood was kind enough to, you had a go bag at the ready.

I did. I wish I had, cause we had to, Graham Elwood was kind enough to come to immediately to my apartment.

Graham Elwood, fellow podcaster.

That's right.

Yes.

And he, you knew him back in the day.

We rented a truck and he helped me pack up my things and we moved out within hours of, uh, me deciding I had to get out of there.

So I then had to go to Omaha, Nebraska to do standing up comedy, really in a good mindset.

And, uh, so I'm driving the eight hours from Chicago to Omaha and I get to Omaha.

Do you have the truck of all or the, is this with all your things?

No, that's all you left all that stuff.

That was like on a Wednesday.

And then on Friday I had to go to Omaha or wherever the days are.

So I drive all the way to Omaha, by the way, stopping every, no joke, stopping every rest area to call her and cry and beg for her.

Oh no.

And yeah.

And so it took me what should have been eight hours, probably like 13 hours to get there.

So I get there and I'm just, I'm staying at a comedy condo, which is not a hotel.

It's where they put up comedians to save, I think a nickel.

The club owns a condo somewhere in town and they will, instead of renting hotels for everyone, they'll put them in this condo.

Yeah.

And it's always gross and filthy and, you know, it smells like stale smoke and it's, it's the worst.

And so I'm in there and I'm sad and I'm depressed and I'm calling up Graham Elwood way too much.

He was a great friend and I'm grateful for him and I'm calling up Graham and I'm sobbing.

I'm like, I don't know what to do.

It's like, he's like, my nickname is Shooter.

He's like, Shooter, you gotta get out.

You gotta get your mind off this man.

Go see a movie.

You gotta go see a movie.

I'm like, what am I going to see?

Everything reminds me of her.

He goes, Shooter, go see Forrest Gump, man. It's the best movie I've ever seen.

Because you got to see Forrest Gump.

I go, nothing's going to remind me of her.

He goes, nothing's going to remind you of her.

I go, all right, great.

And as, as this was told to me, you also said, there's no one named Jennifer in this movie.

You're right.

I even said, there's no one named Jennifer.

He goes, no, no, there's not.

You're going to be good.

You're fine.

So I go to the matinee on a Saturday and I'm watching it and literally I'm not, I don't think I'm exaggerating.

We've all seen Forrest Gump.

I think every other word is Jenny, Jenny.

Oh, and then Jenny, Jenny, I love you.

Jenny, Jenny, you're breaking my heart.

Jenny.

And I'm sitting there like, what the hell is happening?

So I leave there and I go out to my, to my car and I punch the steering wheel thinking about how awful my life is.

And I call my voicemail.

It was voicemail back then.

We didn't have cell phones.

I call my voicemail and it's Graham going, Shooter, abort, abort.

Do not see Forrest Gump.

Yeah.

The story could only be made better if you turned on the car radio and 867-5309.

Which is a reference you would make on Never Not Fun.

That's right.

Look, we have to take a break.

Is that okay, Jimmy?

Because we have some other guests we have to get to.

As promised, we have a big celebrity coming up, which is bigger than either of us.

Certainly.

We're big in the podcast world.

We're big in the podcast world, but this is a worldwide celebrity.

I don't even want to say who it is.

We also have a vocal coach coming up.

And so, will she put us through our paces?

She may be.

Yeah.

What paces do you have right now?

Let's hear.

I have la la la la.

I could do that.

I go, ki ka ki ka ki.

Okay.

Yeah.

We'll see.

We'll see if that's an actual good warmup or if that's hurting your voice.

We will have more Comedy Bang Bang after this.

We'll come right back.

Comedy Bang Bang.

We are back here with Jimmy Pardo.

Never Not Funny is the show.

You can hear not only the weekly show that you do, but you also do a second show for subscribers to is that is that true?

The subscribers.

If you subscribe, you get a second episode and video for both episodes.

Yeah, which is a great deal.

You seem so startled when I mentioned it though, that I'm you know what?

I suddenly thought I was lying.

Here's what I appreciated.

The fact that you mentioned it at any other interview.

Just go.

And he's got, he does other stuff.

Okay.

Right.

Like they, you took the time to mention the players club, which is.

The players club is, is a great deal.

How much are we talking?

It's $7,000.

$7,000 a month, which is not bad when you consider.

Why you get stationary camera video for both shows.

Yeah, it is.

Seemingly edited at the at Elliot's whim.

It is edited when need be.

And more often than not, it's to protect a guest having said something that they get in their car and go, Hey, you know, that story just told about us beating up an intern.

Maybe I shouldn't have that out in the public.

So it is 50 bucks a year.

Which is great.

I mean, you put out so much material.

That's less than a dollar a week.

Less than a dollar a week.

You get an episode, a two hour episode, you get some bonus episodes and you get the video for all of it.

Yeah, this is a great deal because especially when people put, you know, down $7 a month for a Patreon for other shows and stuff, it's a great deal.

And one of America's best podcasts.

Thank you, Scott.

And a happy birthday to you yesterday.

By the way, I thank you for saying so.

Very good.

Uh, we have to get to our next guest though, who is inarguably a bigger star than either of us.

You know him as a football star.

He started off as, I believe, a running back for the for Cleveland, was it?

Or who was it for?

Well, USC, first of all, won the Heisman Trophy and then Buffalo.

Oh, it was Buffalo.

Yes.

You know way more about sports.

I know that.

And then segued into commercials for Hertz, I believe.

And also became became a major movie presence as well in the Naked Gun films as well.

Some other things.

Please welcome to the show OJ Simpson.

Hey, thank I want to say thank you, Scott.

I want to appreciate you for bringing me onto your platform.

You know, I got to be honest with you.

I had a lot of time on my hands and and I started to love the show.

I loved it.

I listened to so many of the episodes and I really got a sense of.

We've done 600 or so.

How many have you heard?

Absolutely.

Oh, hundreds of them.

Absolutely.

I have, you know, some of the my some of my favorite people have been here.

I love the way you talk to him, your interactions with them.

I love everything you do.

Thank you so much.

I really do.

So congratulations to you.

Thank you so much.

I mean, I'm a mutually a big fan of yours.

I admit that I admit that around the early 90s, I sort of dropped out and didn't didn't really keep up with your career, but certainly up to Naked Gun two and a half.

Absolutely.

I don't.

I maybe even the third one, I was still paying attention.

33rd.

I'm not sure.

33rd.

That's right.

And I'm not quite sure what happened to you, but it's great to see you resurfacing.

You know, I went through some things.

Everybody has trials and tribulations in their lives.

I bet they do.

I'm back now.

I'm happy to be here.

Thank you for giving me a platform.

You're a major Twitter presence now from what I understand.

I got on the Twitter.

You know, my daughter was telling me that I had to get on Twitter.

You have a daughter?

Yes, I do.

I have a daughter and a son.

Are you married?

I can't recall.

No, I'm not currently married.

It's not currently.

Okay.

You were at one time.

I was at one time.

I've had two wives in my life.

Oh, great.

Now, Jimmy.

Yeah.

Hey, hey, hey, juice.

I heard you saying.

Arethol.

Yes, that's right.

Arethol James Simpson is my name.

San Francisco, California is my birthplace.

Now, Jimmy, I heard you.

I was going to rhyme.

I was kind of bummed out that it didn't rhyme, Juice.

You rhyme as much as this guy I know, MC Sugarbutt.

Hey, you know, I've heard those episodes.

Oh, really?

And then I read an article, Scott, that you said that that gentleman wasn't that good of a rhymer.

And I just wanted to dispute that because I have a great time listening to those.

Well, you have a great time listening to that.

It takes me back to some of my favorite party days of the 1980s, listening to that type of music.

But he's the kind of rapper who rhymes boat with boat.

Is that fair to say?

Sometimes, Scott, sometimes it's fair, but not all things in life are fair.

Scott, you said you went to go see.

Someone say our court system is not fair, but I'm mainly reacting to the Rodney King verdict.

Anyway, go ahead.

We'll go along.

You saw Forrest Gump in 1994.

Yeah, when it came out, you know, a great year.

I was probably I probably stopped paying attention to you because I was paying attention to Forrest Gump.

It was a year of my life.

I saw that so many times in the theater.

I didn't watch a lot of TV.

Anyway, go ahead.

I'm an older gentleman.

You know, I'm in my 70s.

I was around in 94.

Your friend should have told you to go watch The Mask with Jim Carrey.

You love that movie, Juice?

I love that movie.

I love that film.

I may have seen it.

Maybe I already had seen that.

Maybe the mask, I have to say, came out in 93, I believe.

Yeah, summer of 93.

It did because Jim Carrey had such a year.

He did Ace Ventura in January.

I believe the mask in the summer of 93 and then Dumb and Dumber at the end of 93.

But he could have certainly rented it on video.

He could have rented it on video.

Are you looking at whether I'm right or wrong?

It's got to upset them.

Oh, look at that.

Oh, you're right.

Nineteen ninety four.

I got the year totally wrong.

See, Scott, sometimes you got to learn not to dispute me, you know.

I sounds vaguely threatening.

No, not at all.

Scott, you take care.

Now, Jimmy, Jimmy, I, uh, I, uh, you could have seen City Slickers, too.

I don't think that was a good friend.

The way he told you to go and see a movie.

You could have said, yeah, you could have said, you know, he again, he did say it was the best movie I've ever seen.

So I think he was trying to do me a solid, as they would say.

I understand.

I've been through a heartbreak in my life.

I tell you that much.

It is not fun to go through those type of things.

Yeah.

I mean, you know, you just start obsessing over like what different choices you could have made.

Yeah.

Everything, you know, relationships come and go.

Jimmy Scott, they certainly come and many of them have gone.

Yeah.

Now, Scott, I don't want to take up too much of your time here.

Oh, thank you.

But you're on for a good nice segment here.

So I'd love to have you on as long as you as you'd like to be.

I'd love to be here.

I'm really I'm just really thankful for it.

Scott, I tell you those times that I used to watch your games just making those runs into the end zone.

You know, Scott, I average no clue about football.

None.

There's an end zone in football.

There's an end zone.

Scott, you got that right.

So one thing you got to know about me, I was a running back for the Buffalo Bills and then for the later in my career for the San Francisco 49ers, which I got to play for my home team.

And that was a real joy for me.

You know, I met my second wife when I was playing for the San Francisco.

Really?

What does she do?

Well, Scott, you know, I don't want to get too far deep into that.

Okay, well, you're not together anymore.

So we're not together.

Sorry if I brought up something painful.

But I tell you, I averaged 11,000 yards.

Now, let me tell you something about ego, Scott.

Okay.

You know, the other day I was I was going around talking about.

That's half.

That's like two thirds of the way to an ego.

Yeah, yeah.

Three quarters of the way.

I never made it there.

I never made it.

Which ones which ones do you have?

I thought I deserve I don't have any of them.

Yeah, I thought I did.

So if you're an ego with a Heisman, you have one of those.

There was an ego that would have a Heisman.

I thought I deserved an Oscar for playing Nord Berg, Nord Berg, Naked Gun film.

But you know, it didn't work out so incredibly lovable and clumsy.

I love the part of I believe it's Naked Gun where he's wearing that ski mask.

And he's he's sitting there about to break onto the boat where all the criminals are.

And he's disguising himself with a ski mask.

Yeah, that was one of my favorite scenes.

You like that scene?

So close to home.

Now, Scott, when you film that close to home.

Yeah, we did actually.

We filmed that scene in Marina del Rey.

Oh, wonderful area.

Close to my house and over in Brentwood.

In Brentwood?

Oh, is that where you were?

It was where I was living at the time.

I no longer have that house.

It was a beautiful estate.

It's gorgeous area.

Yeah, great.

You know, live down the street from Michael Jackson.

I tell you that much.

Oh, great guy, too.

I felt I stopped paying attention to him, too.

Listen, I don't get I don't get too far into people's personal things, but I will say this.

The man was always nice to me.

And there was one time where I had my niece was over to my house and she loved Michael Jackson.

It was the 80s.

Huh?

All the kids did.

Oh, you know.

And so she came over and I called down.

I said, hey, Mike, why don't you come down and say hello to my niece?

And he came right down and he saw my niece and he said, let me know when you have your nephew come over.

He said that?

Yeah.

Interesting.

But that was the kind of jokes that we had.

You know, that was the kind of jokes that we had back in those days.

I don't understand the joke.

It was the 80s.

It was 19.

He signed an autograph for it, you know.

Oh, OK.

He just said, you know, he loves the children.

I'm not sure I understand it, but.

He's a children guy, you know.

I don't know, but.

He was always nice to me.

You know, people go through trials and tribulations.

Scott.

That's the thing is like a lot of people and I don't pay attention to pop culture that much, but a lot of people don't realize what celebrities are going through when they're in the news.

They don't realize it's got the media paints you in a certain way.

I'm sure you've had some things said about you that you don't love.

Scott, there's trolls everywhere.

There's trolls everywhere.

Scott, that's right.

OK, you take care now.

Jimmy, is that it for me?

Jimmy, I I wanted to ask you something.

Should I leave?

Yeah, you can go.

You've been doing you've been doing your podcast.

I have your 2006.

Huh?

Yeah, that's been a long time.

Do you ever get worried that some things you said in the earlier days of your podcast?

Yes, I do.

Yeah.

And but you just got to kind of leave them out there.

Well, they're out there already out there.

What am I going to do?

Go back and edit all those?

Exactly.

I agree with you 100%.

Certain things in your past are just out there.

We all have things that we're not proud of.

I'm sure.

Oh, Scott's back.

Hey, Scott.

Sorry.

I don't mean to interrupt a private conversation between the two of you.

No, no.

I just relate to Jimmy a lot.

I see Jimmy in me in a way.

I don't know if I'm comfortable with that.

I've always kind of felt like Jimmy, you're the OJ of podcasting.

Are you a trophy winner?

Sure.

Then thank you.

So what have you been up to lately?

Well, you know, I was recently released from prison.

I think people know that.

Yes, I went to prison.

For what?

For something really silly.

You know, these guys, they stole my memorabilia.

Some stuff that felt really near and dear to me.

Someone stole something from you?

Yeah.

Somebody.

My friend.

Why did you go to prison then?

I went to prison because I went to go get it back.

It was a lapse in judgment.

I made a mistake.

One of the biggest mistakes I've ever made in my life.

So you just got your stuff back?

I went and I got my stuff back, but it was some sort of setup and the police were there.

I was drinking at the time.

It was Las Vegas.

You know what they say.

What happens in Vegas?

And Vegas stays in Vegas.

But I tell you one thing, they extradited me.

Yeah.

And you know, that was probably the biggest mistake I ever made in my life.

How long were you in for?

I was in prison since 2007, I want to say.

Oh my God, that's a long time for something so inconsequential.

It's almost as if like a lot of times you hear about a situation like that and they're like, oh, well, it's justice for something else that happened.

Yeah.

But you know, that's not how the system works.

So they sent me up.

They sent me up the river for trying to take back my own things.

But I'm out now.

I got a new lease on life.

I'm on Twitter.

Do you have a new lease on a new place?

Cause you're not there in Brentwood anymore.

Yeah.

I got, I got a new condo.

I got a new condo.

No, I heard you guys talking about, uh, the comedy condo.

And I'll tell you one thing, the condo that I'm living in right now has a lot of jokes all the time with me and my friends playing fantasy football.

That's right.

Who are your friends these days?

Take care.

Wait, hold on.

Did you since you dismissed Scott?

Oh yeah.

I do have a question.

Are you golfing?

Are you hitting the links?

You know, I'm on that golf course almost every day.

You are.

I'm enjoying retirement.

You know, uh, that, that's basically what you do every day.

Retirement from prison.

Yeah.

It's been a long career.

You know, I will say the prison thing, you know, going to prison was one of the biggest mistakes I ever made in my life.

That and not cutting left against the Cleveland Browns in 1977.

I tell you that much.

Uh, when you say, when you said not cutting, uh, I knew what you were talking about because I knew you would immediately follow it with left, uh, because of that famous Cleveland Browns game.

Yeah.

I cut right.

And I got tackled right then and there.

Yeah.

And you know, we lost, but I tell you one thing about those Buffalo bills.

There's a resilient fan base.

You know, it's been a history of losing over there in Buffalo, but they're resilient fan base.

They got amazing love for you and it's a great place to be.

It must be nice to me.

You take care.

Jimmy, take it.

Take over from me.

How's the golf game?

I'm going to go back to that.

Are you, are you shooting well juice or you struggling because you were in prison for so long.

I'm struggling a bit.

My muscles tight.

The muscles are tight and you know, we're aging every day, Jimmy.

We are.

And we're getting older and getting colder.

That's what they say.

You know, and it's hard for me to get my swing exactly back, but I'm on the court every day.

The weather is warm in Los Angeles right now.

I'm having a great time.

The grass is greener on the other side.

I tell you that much and I'm walking along that green.

All right, Jimmy, you take care.

Oh wow.

Am I back?

You're back Scott.

Okay, great.

Um, so who are your friends these days?

Because, uh, I remember, uh, back in the old days, I remember you had a lot of really good friends.

Like, uh, uh, uh, I mean, it's been amazing to see, uh, what Kim Kardashian has been up to because you were such good friends with her father.

Absolutely.

Robert was one of my great friends and you know, I want to dispel a rumor right now because this has been something, you know, I told everybody when I got on Twitter that I was going to be getting back and getting even.

Oh, you did?

Okay. I wondered what that meant because you know, like I said, I had not kept up with you and I was like, who does he need to get even?

I wanted to spell it.

Robert Kardashian was one of my very best friends.

I met him at USC in the 1960s.

He was a great guy and he married a beautiful woman named Chris and she was great and they had a host of beautiful children, Robert Jr. and Kim and Chloe and Courtney and they're all great girls and I love what they're doing now.

But I want to dispel this thing.

Me and Chris have never had any type of relationship.

Any time, any friendly?

We were very friendly at one time and you know, some things change, but people grow apart and Robert passed away.

They grew apart and they had a great relationship when they were together.

And, uh, but, but there's this woman floating around that I'm the father of Khloe Kardashian.

And I just want to say, that's not true.

Let's dispel that rumor right here on comedy bang bang.

Okay.

Yes.

Oh, when you say bang bang, it sends us a chill up and down my spine for some reason.

Oh, why?

I don't know what it is.

I haven't done much radio in my life.

I'll tell you that much.

I was more of a TV and film guy, but I'm happy to be here.

This is great.

All right, Scott, you take care.

Now you have a good one.

I don't know who's supposed to talk to you.

Now, Jimmy.

Yeah.

Yours.

Have you ever had any of the Kardashians on your show?

I've not had any of the Kardashians.

They, uh, they seem to be spending time over on E.

Ah, yes.

And you don't work with him too much, huh?

I don't know.

The E or the Kardashians?

The E's.

Uh, no, well, I've done, I just work with E's early on, but I not, uh, not so, uh, much recently just now when you're warming up an audience for a live talk show.

Yeah.

Now how, what happens if the audience does, do you do your normal material or do you do a lot of crowd work?

You try to do the crowd work to try to bring them in any way you can.

You try to get them invested.

Am I right? You want the audience warm because, uh, a body that's enjoying itself and that is alive is very warm.

If a body were cold, that's the last thing you want is like a couple of cold bodies.

Oh, you don't want that.

You said it Scott.

You said it, you hit the nail on the head.

I tell you that much.

You hit it right on the butt.

Is that where you usually want to hit things is just right on the head.

On the head.

Uh, you, you want to hit things wherever you can hit them.

The chest a few times.

Uh, but I tell you this guy.

Those are, those are gorgeous.

Uh, you're wearing a couple of gloves right now.

Those are gorgeous.

Isotoners.

I still, you know, after I went to prison for, uh, stealing my stuff back, I lost, I lost a lot of my endorsement deals.

Oh yeah.

And, but Isotoner, they stayed with me.

Did they?

Yeah.

That's a sign of a great company.

Loyal.

They got a good product.

Shout out to Isotoner.

Isotoner.

And those shoes too.

These.

Bruno Molly's.

I thought I recognized that.

Yeah, that's right.

You know, once you get comfortable in a certain brand, you got to stick with it.

I will say that you, you're, you're kind of like fiddling with your gloves a lot as if they, they don't quite, I don't know what the expression would be.

Well, you know, I think if the, if the, uh, the way that they wrap around your hand, they don't fit very well.

Oh, that is true.

I think I got a wrong side, Scott.

And you know, I've been playing a lot of golf and yeah, I like, like we said early, we're aging now.

I'm getting a little bit older.

I'm in my seventies.

Yeah.

I tend to swell up a little bit.

Yeah.

So those gloves, they don't, uh, w how did you put it?

They don't fit.

Okay.

The gloves, they do.

Well, then you know what you have to do.

Get new gloves.

And I got a call over to the Isotoner guys.

They don't have a website.

I got a call.

I said, does not have a website.

No, it seems like just call up squares.

2019.

Yeah.

All right.

Look, they have beautiful templates and you can customize anything with just a few clicks of the mouse.

Really?

Yeah.

Square on Squarespace.

You should get a website.

I should get a website.

Scott, what do you say we go in on a website together?

I would love to do a website.

OJ Simpson dot com.

Oh, I would love to have that.

So, uh, I'm going to call up Squarespace again, Scott Aukerman and OJ Simpson.com.

And we'll, we'll just start putting out content.

Well, that's, that sounds like a ball to me.

Scott, you take care.

I guess I'll call you when it's done.

Jimmy.

Yeah.

Doing a podcast for this long.

Yeah.

I remember when those podcasts first started, it was just a little box that popped up on my iTunes where I had a lot of my music that I liked from my day.

You know, the old J's, uh, the only like bands that are your own name.

I like the old, I'm a big old J's fan.

Did you like orange juice Jones as well?

I liked, I saw you and him walking in the rain.

Let me tell you, that would have made me mad too.

If I saw my lady walking in the rain with some other gentlemen, but you know, that's another conversation for another day.

Let's promise me we'll have that conversation because I would love to hear your thoughts on that.

Absolutely.

We will Scott.

I just want to thank you for letting me be here, Scott.

It's always great to have you.

In fact, you know what?

I'm I, you've been out of the news for a while, but, uh, I, I'm gonna do a little research on what you've been up to recently because I'm, uh, I really, uh, during the break, we have to go to a break here, but I'm going to do a little, a little research on you and see what you've been up to.

Uh, but, uh, when we come back, we have a vocal coach.

This is really exciting.

You have such a great voice.

So Jay, I'm back, baby.

He's back.

Baby juice is loose.

All right, Scott and Jimmy, y'all take care.

Okay.

Stick around though.

Cause I'm going to do a little research on you when we come back.

We'll have Lisa or Eliza rather Farrington, uh, Liza with a Z, uh, vocal coach.

Uh, and we'll be right back with more Jimmy Pardo, more OJ Simpson.

We'll be right back with more comedy bang bang after this.

Comedy bang bang.

We are back here with the freezing Jimmy Pardo.

At first I thought your body language was because you were, uh, upset and not having a good time.

You're very, uh, you have closed arms, you have crossed arms and crossed legs, but it's because you're freezing.

I'm freezing.

All right.

I, I, I seem to have situated myself right underneath the, uh, uh, vent, I guess the word I'm looking for.

Mm hmm.

I'm a wordsmith.

Uh, I have to say, okay.

Uh, I, uh, we, we have our other guests.

I want to be polite to him.

OJ Simpson.

Hello, Scott.

Thank you for having me one more time.

I got to say, I'm enjoying this.

I haven't sat in front of a microphone this long, uh, for this, uh, amount of time in a long time.

Scott, I have to say that I did a little research, uh, about you.

Uh, um, you learned about my yards.

I averaged 11,000 yards.

No, it was, it was not about the yards, although something happened in a yard that I think was, uh, uh, kind of upsetting.

Uh, but I did a little, uh, a little research on you and, uh, I, I gotta say I'm not happy, uh, right now because I looked into that Las Vegas incident and apparently you were carrying a weapon on that.

And that's why you, uh, got such a long sentence.

Yeah.

I know.

I told you Scott, we all make mistakes.

I was in Las Vegas.

I get it.

I understand.

I forgive you.

I had it.

You're okay by me.

Thank you.

All right, let's get to our next guest.

Take care.

You take care too.

Uh, and hopefully our next guest will take care, uh, and, uh, tell us how to take care of our voices because she is a vocal coach.

Please welcome to the show.

Liza Farrington.

Hello, Liza.

Hi.

There it is.

That's where you want to be.

That's the sweet spot.

That's where I want to be.

Hi, Scott.

Hi.

It's so great to meet you.

Great to meet you.

I just want to say upfront that as a woman, it's very rare to be in a room full of men and feel so safe and so protected.

So I just want to just thank you guys for that.

No problem.

This is Jimmy Pardo.

He's a nice, nice fellow.

Nice to meet you.

My pleasure.

Uh, no me too things happening with him, uh, throughout his career.

I mean, I've done some things.

What does that other people have done?

What does that mean?

Hey, uh, I went to McDonald's.

Me too.

Oh, okay.

Sure.

Yeah.

You're a joiner.

I'm a joiner.

Yeah.

And this is OJ Simpson who, uh, you may, maybe you're too young to, uh, really know exactly what he, but he was a big football star.

I'm 22.

So I don't really, I'm not really familiar with things.

Yeah.

You were born in 1999 or so.

Yes.

Absolutely.

Wow.

Hello, Liza.

Nice to meet you.

22 years old.

Way behind the ears.

You must love the young people of America who don't know a lot about our...

They're on Twitter and they're interacting with me all day.

And I tell you, I love it.

It's got, it's something it's invigorating.

So you're a vocal coach.

Maybe you can give me some lessons one time.

I've always wanted to sing.

You, I can, I can tell by your speaking voice, you have an incredible singing voice behind it.

I can tell.

Thank you, Liza.

You take care.

Liza, stay here though.

Cause I would love to talk to you for a bit.

Liza, you're a vocal coach.

Where do you teach?

I teach.

And coach, I guess, is more accurate.

I teach and I coach from my, what will be my home studio.

Oh, great.

And what will be your, meaning it's not constructed yet?

It's my dining room right now, but it will be my home studio when I get the funds together.

Oh, okay.

What, what do you have to do with it?

Soundproof it or?

I hope to get a door and then from there I'll get some microphones and the piano and the soundproofing equipment that I need.

But first the door.

Yes.

So your kitchen or sorry, dining room.

Open concept living.

Oh, it's very popular now.

So you watch HGTV.

That's all they want.

Yes.

But you want to close it off.

Want to really close it off and make it a home studio.

Okay.

That's well, we all have dreams and that sounds great.

What area do you live in?

I live in West Hollywood.

West Hollywood.

That's wonderful out there.

Yes.

It's well, it's, it's great.

It's I deal with a lot of noise in my building because I'm weirdly sandwiched between five other units.

I know that's very rare.

Usually you're just between two.

Is your, is your place like the Pentagon?

How are you?

Pretty much.

Yes.

It's circular.

It's a complex.

Yes.

I live in a complex, but my unit is a perfect circle.

You're like the hub in the center of a circular complex.

Exactly.

Okay.

Do you have to go through someone's house or.

Yes.

To actually, so, Oh wow.

So it's like one of those train car apartments.

Yes.

I'm one C and I go through one A and one B to get to one C.

You got to go through A and B.

Yes.

Wow.

Incredible.

So, so five, you share walls with five other places.

Yes, I do.

Wow.

What an interesting place.

Yes.

It's beautiful.

Like I said, it's open concept, great flooring.

Well, it sounds like it's a perfect circle and there would be no walls then other than the one circular one.

Exactly.

Wow.

I can't hang any photos.

Unless you got a kind of curved frames, right?

Like those curved TVs.

You have one of those.

I do.

It's very cool.

You must've been very excited when those were invented.

I was like, finally, I can watch television.

I've been reading so much.

What do you watch on TV?

I watch a lot of singing shows.

So I watch The Voice.

I watch The Masked Singer.

I watch American Idol.

Who are The Masked...

I thought of this the other day, Jimmy.

What's up?

I wasn't keeping up with The Masked Singer.

Yeah.

Maybe OJ you were, but...

Oh yeah, I love it.

But everyone was wondering who that was.

Who did it end up being?

Spoilers by the way on if you've never seen it.

I want to say the peacock was Donny Osmond and the B was Gladys Knight.

Yes.

There's a peacock and a bee.

And the monster was T-Pain.

It was T-Pain.

Oh, okay.

There was actually a character, I don't remember what the costume was, but I long suspected that it was OJ in the costume.

And I was actually very disappointed when it turned out to be Terry Bradshaw.

Oh yeah.

What was he?

Like, what was he?

An eagle?

What was he?

It was some weird, like a vulture or something.

Who did he play for?

The Steelers?

Terry Bradshaw played for the Steelers.

And I tell you one thing, he ate us up back in those days.

Oh, did he, Joe Shaw?

He really got into us.

He really, he just tore you apart.

Tore us apart sometimes.

You know, those Steelers of the 1970s, just that steel curtain is what they called them, mean Joe Green on that defensive line, Terry Bradshaw, Franco Harris, these guys.

Well, you know, if I were, if I were your lawyer and, you know, maybe someday I could be, if I pass the bar, I would say that, that gives you justification.

You're so mad at Steelers.

These people stole your stuff and that's why you did what you did.

Thank you so much, Scott.

You know, you're going to be a great lawyer when you pass that bar.

Okay.

And you take care.

Thank you very much.

So Liza, tell us about your technique.

What, how, what exactly do you do?

I focus a lot on breathing and I focus a lot on, I like to have like a, yes, exactly.

Must be hard to teach vampires how to sing.

I tried, I tried.

And, um, it actually, it wasn't so much the mechanism that the vampire Jim, his name's Jim had.

It was more than we had.

Talking about where you were teaching.

No, no, no, no, no.

At, not new gymnasium.

I was in my circular apartment.

Okay.

Great.

But Jim, the vampire, he actually had a beautiful instrument, but we actually had a personality clash.

So I had to dismiss him as a student.

So it wasn't so much his lack of ability.

It was his lack of ability to get along.

Oh, he had a person.

Yeah.

Personality conflict.

Yeah.

He had a disorder.

He was a narcissist.

Oh, okay.

Always looking in the mirror.

Yes.

So, uh, tell us about your technique.

Like if we were to come to you and be your students, what would you do?

Absolutely.

Well, first I'd ask you for the $900 deposit that I require.

Oh, it's a deposit.

Yes.

Deposit.

Do we get that back?

No.

So what am I deposit?

What?

So what?

It's a good faith deposit.

It's the first payment.

It's a deposit.

Okay.

But we never receive any of that money.

It's never returned to us.

Correct.

Okay.

It's a deposit.

So it's a deposit meaning, meaning though that that's the first payment in many or?

Yes, absolutely.

Oh, okay.

Yes.

So they, I first accept the deposit.

I sit and I just look at the person's face.

I look at the structure of the face and the neck to see if they have the instrument.

Okay.

Can, tell us about a look at us.

Sure, sure, sure.

I'll start with you, Jimmy.

I don't have $900, but I mean you.

Well, I'll, I'll waive the deposit.

Much easier promoting, right?

Yes, exactly.

This is a write off.

Yes.

Um, so I'm looking at the structure of the face.

I do, I see, I see the neck.

I see that you have beautiful pipes.

Thank you.

I can see that and, um, I can hear it and I can, I can feel the vibrations off of you.

So I see that.

Three of the senses.

And so if I was to take your classes, how often would I show up?

You would come every other day.

Every other day?

Every other day.

How does that work now?

Because there's seven days in a week.

Yes.

Do you come on Monday, Wednesday, Friday, Sunday, and then skip to Tuesday, Thursday, Saturday, you know?

Yes.

And I, I keep a mental record.

I don't write anything down because I don't want things on paper.

Oh, okay.

I prefer to do that stuff over the phone.

Yeah.

So I, um, I keep a mental note, so we just do every other day.

And then I have to remember which student is on Tuesday.

What if someone is religious and likes to spend Sundays at the church?

That's not an option.

Okay.

You take your craft seriously.

You have to sing or do you want to go to church?

I see.

So do you have to sort of, uh, renounce your God if you work with you?

Oh, okay.

Absolutely.

That's in the paperwork.

The rapper used to say, if you're scared, go to church.

That was one of the songs that I liked.

Which rapper?

You know, I can't remember which one that was.

If you're scared, go to church.

We didn't have to look that up on the old internet.

Really?

What year was that?

Do you remember?

You know, I can't fully remember what year that was.

Okay.

Cause if it was in the mid nineties.

Yeah.

It may have been at that time.

Right.

I'm going to go, I'm going to look it up here on my device.

Oh, interesting.

My daughter bought me one of these, uh, your daughter sounds great.

Yeah.

She must be doing well.

She must be mentally just doing great.

I wish I had a dad like you.

Yeah.

You've mentioned your daughter so many times and my dad never mentions me.

And as a 22 year old, year old young woman, it's really important.

Your dad never mentioned you?

That sounds sad.

What happened?

He doesn't mention me on Twitter.

He doesn't mention me.

Does he have a Twitter following?

He does.

Yeah.

And he never asks me.

Oh, that's weird.

Which is hurtful.

Well, you know what?

You can follow me and we'll tell and chat and talk about everything online that you want to talk about.

Liza I'll promote your business.

I've got a lot of followers online now.

Upwards of 700,000 people have followed me.

Wow.

Just following you 100,000 people.

700,000.

And you've only been on like a month and a half, right?

It's been a very short time.

And you know, I won't, they won't give me that blue check mark by my name.

They will not validate you.

Well, that's, that's, that's Tom from MySpace for you.

Y'all take care.

Okay.

See you later.

Oh no, you're sticking around.

I'd like to move on to you, OJ.

As I said, you have a beautiful instrument.

I can tell.

Oh, thank you.

I'm just looking at your neck area.

It's hard to see because you're wearing that black turtleneck.

Yes.

That covers up.

Yes.

Now keep in mind, I've played football and I've had a lot of strenuous activity, physical activity in my life.

So my bones aren't the same as how they used to be.

So, but you know, the, you're the expert.

I don't, I don't mean to, to OJ's playing.

Yeah.

I appreciate that.

I really appreciate that.

I can tell by the cadence of your speech and the way you say your name, OJ, you say it was such a round O O O most people would just say OJ, you know?

But you say OJ and it's just very, I can tell that your diaphragm is strong.

I can tell that you're a strong man.

I can tell that you have a lot of force behind what you say and that you are just very present.

Yeah.

I like this one, Scott.

Yeah.

It's almost like you attack things.

Yes.

You know, you're the kind of guy that it's like you'd attack a note.

Yeah, yeah, exactly.

You just like just beat it into submission and if it doesn't submit, then, you know, maybe you keep on beating it.

Who knows?

Absolutely.

Who knows?

Scott, who knows what could happen?

That's that's so wise of you.

Who knows what could happen?

I'm still excited for OJ Simpson and ScottAukerman.com.

Oh, I thought it was ScottAukerman and OJ Simpson.com.

Or would you like to be first?

I don't want to disagree with you because I'll defer to you.

Guys, get both.

You can get both domains.

Let's get both!

Get both domains.

Yeah.

Now take a look at me, Liza.

What do you see?

Unlike OJ, who I truly think that if I heard him sing, it would take my breath away.

I look at you and I see someone that's more meant for speaking and not so much for singing.

For singing.

Oh, and I relate to that because I myself do not sing.

You can't sing.

I won't sing.

You won't sing.

I will not sing.

You can sing, but you won't sing.

I could, but I would not.

You could, but you should not.

Correct.

OK, why is that?

I can, but I won't.

You can, but you won't.

You could, but you should.

But I would not.

You will not.

I will not.

Got it.

OK, and why is that?

It's because my instrument is so fragile and my instrument is so precious that I feel that if I share it with the world that it would eclipse my students.

And I really do need the money, so I choose to keep it under wraps.

Some would say that if you were such a successful singer, the money would come from that, though.

Some would.

But, oh, OK.

But some should not.

Some have.

Some have, but they should not.

Yes.

OK, interesting.

What are you doing there?

Does anybody want a slice of this apple?

You picked up some scissors.

Yeah.

Cheers.

It's the only way I can cut through this damn thing.

Oh, OK.

Yeah, I'd love a slice of that.

I'd love a slice.

You'd love a slice of that?

I'd love for you to cut me a slice of apple.

I'm sorry.

I have to cut the apple these days.

My teeth, you know.

Oh, yeah.

We all know.

I'm an older guy.

Cut me off some of that.

Yeah, definitely.

I would love some of that.

So take us through then, now that you've looked at us, take us through what we would do then.

Absolutely.

So we do a couple laps around my home studio, what will be my home studio.

A couple laps, really?

How do you know when you're done?

Because it's circular.

I keep it all up here in the brain.

I could make tick marks on a piece of paper, but obviously I don't do that.

We do a couple laps.

We do a couple of hoohs.

Hoohs.

OK.

Yes, we do that for about 15 to 25 minutes.

15 to 25 minutes.

And that's to warm up?

That's to cool down.

That's to cool down from the laps?

Yes, most of my students show up cold and then we warm up with the laps and then we cool down.

Just got to cool them down.

Yes, dangerous just to be that hot.

You have to keep the voice guessing.

Oh, is that what it is?

You can never have the voice know what you're going to do next.

You want it to think you're going to go high when you're about to go low.

Right.

I mean, that's like relationships sometimes.

Absolutely.

You know?

Or like the juice on the gridiron, right?

You think he's going to go left, but he shoots right.

He's right and then he's got you.

And then he's got you.

Worst decision.

You know, this other rapper Lil Wayne once said, I'll cool your ass down if you think you're hot shit.

By the way, the rapper that said go to if you're scared, go to church was Ice Cube.

I can't believe I forgot.

Oh, Ice Cube.

Very popular, of course, from NWA.

But then as a soloist, approximately around 1993, 94.

He sang a lot about it.

He had death certificate, which is something that, boy, I would hate to see one of those with someone I care about.

Yes, I got one of those.

You do?

My mother.

My mother passed away.

You lost your mom.

Sorry.

I'm so sorry to hear that.

So sorry.

It was very sad.

So so when do we get into the actual vocal training of your technique?

In week nine.

Week nine.

So we've gone every other day.

So we're talking about approximately 27 days into this or so.

Absolutely.

And then in week nine, 30th session or so.

Yep.

Week nine, we sing.

Well, I don't sing.

You don't.

The student.

The student sings.

OK, so you've done a lot of warming up and a lot of cooling down.

But then around the 30th session, that voice is nice and tepid.

That's when we sing.

Oh, so it's just right there in the middle.

Right in the middle.

OK.

Is it acapella or it is because I don't have the piano.

You have a TV.

I have a TV, a curved television.

What about a bed?

Do you have a circular bed?

No, like Wilt Chamberlain, as I recall, used to have a circular bed.

Oh, yeah.

You know, me and Wilt used to hit the streets.

Scott, let me tell you, Jimmy, Liza, we use me.

And this is for all of us.

Yeah.

Right?

One of the rare things that we all need to listen to.

An honor.

We used to hit the streets.

Me and Wilt, we used to party.

You would catch me and Wilt at Studio 54 in New York on any given night.

I tell you what, had such a great time in there, talking to the ladies and hanging out, listening to the great disco music.

Jimmy, you're a big music fan.

I love music, Juice.

Now, were you a disco fan of the set?

Yeah, I like disco.

Who was some of you?

Did you like Chic?

Nile Rodgers and Company?

Yeah, I like Nile Rodgers.

Sure, I saw them at the Hollywood Bowl.

Really?

Absolutely.

Very nice.

Very cool.

But truth be told, I like that Saturday Night Fever soundtrack.

I like the BG's, the Brothers' Guild.

The Brothers' Guild.

Australia.

I've been there a few times in my life.

Oh, really?

Some would say that's just an island full of prisoners.

That's what they...

It was built on an island full of prisoners.

Yeah.

Did you fit in down there?

I tell you one thing, I should have stayed.

If you know what I mean.

I don't.

I do not.

None of us do.

All right, Jimmy, you take care.

Okay.

I thought you'd be well.

Oh, okay.

This must just be for Liza then.

Yeah.

I'm still here.

Liza, you're still here.

Good.

Now, Liza, I got a question for you.

I hope you don't mind, Scott.

I don't mean to take over your program.

Oh, no.

I mean, you're in charge.

Liza, now, when you're teaching somebody vocals, is there anything that you have to drink before you get into a lesson?

Please say OJ.

Great question.

I prefer my students to have a nice, swift shot of Jack Daniels.

Right before we start.

Do you provide that?

I do.

Oh, great.

So the $900 deposit will also supply this?

Absolutely.

It gets you a nip of Jack Daniels.

And that is something that I offer complementary.

It's not part of the deposit.

It's complementary.

Oh, it's not even part of...

No, it's...

Oh, okay.

Seems like it would fall under that.

You know, every time I go to a restaurant, they say, this is compliments of the chef.

And they offer you an amuse-bouche.

It's like, you know what?

I'm just really paying for this out of the bill.

No, but when I itemize the things, it's just completely separate.

Just completely separate.

Complimentary.

Okay, good.

That's...

What a deal.

So a shot of Jack Daniels to answer your question.

Thank you so much, Liza.

You be well.

Just to get things loose.

I'm dismissed.

So on the ninth week, what do people sing?

They sing a cappella, but do they sing songs that exist already or are they...

Great question.

They sing...

I ask all of my students to sing an original song because I find that that's the best way to get a sense of their voice.

I don't want them to feel compelled to copy the styles exactly and to feel like they have to conform to a song that already exists.

So every session from that ninth week on, they do sing an original song.

And I will not teach them to sing songs that exist.

Oh, okay.

Well, I mean, that's a good point of view in a way.

Do they know that going in?

Yes, they do.

They do.

They absolutely do.

And they're willing to write these songs?

Yes.

And is everyone a capable, competent songwriter?

You know...

If I were asked to write a song, I mean...

You could do it.

I could not.

You could not.

Try to write a song right now, Jimmy.

Let's hear it just off the top of your head.

Write a song.

Well, again, I just told you that I cannot do it.

We'll give you a subject matter.

Like, Eliza, what would you say?

A subject matter for Jimmy.

The masked singer.

Yeah.

I'm sitting on my couch.

Oh, he's in character.

Ask the masked singer.

Or maybe he's one of the judges.

No, it's me at home.

It's supposed to be a person.

I thought the masked singer maybe would sit on his couch every once in a while.

I'm sure Donny Osmond enjoyed a couch from time to time.

I can't speak to what he's done.

He can't just stand around the house like Eliza.

I thought he spoke to some chairs.

Now that give you enough sense or did he move?

No, I think we need more.

I would love a little more.

And I turn on the set and I wait for my show.

And what do I get?

Take a look.

It's Donny behind a mask.

Who's the other person behind a mask?

Who will last?

Mask with mask, just like MC Sugarbutt.

I told you, I can't do this.

I got to say, I really enjoyed the Sugarbutt episodes.

He didn't always rhyme.

What did you think of that?

Juice, did you like that at all?

I enjoyed that.

I want to record that.

I want to put it up on scottauckermannojsimpson.com.

If you'd allow us.

Of course I would.

I'd be honored.

I don't know how long website names can be.

But what if we make that Scott Aukerman and Jimmy Pardo and OJ Simpson website.

I would love that.

I'd visit it.

Would you come to Eliza?

I'd click.

Wow.

So what now, Eliza, what do you think about Jimmy's song?

I loved the song.

I thought the composition was very masterful and skillful.

I do have to say that you just did irreparable vocal damage.

What?

Just doing that?

Yes.

What did I do wrong?

The way that your chords were rubbing together.

He's also not warmed up and not cooled down.

And that was my mistake.

And I apologize.

I apologize for that.

Well, what do I take a lozenge?

What do I do to solve this?

Save this?

Does he need something in his mouth?

I could provide something.

Nope.

I'm good.

Yeah.

Anything you have would work.

Again, I'm good right now.

I have a few ideas of something I could shove down his throat.

I'm good with the risk.

This is my kind of party.

Well, taking care.

So Jimmy is unfortunately, I guess I'm never going to be the same.

Wow.

That's too bad.

Karaoke is out.

And I hate to be the bear of bad news.

I like to.

There's more?

No, no, that's it.

Oh, okay.

I just hope that.

You just hated to do what you just did.

And I feel bad.

And I have a no bad news policy in my, what will be my home studio.

You just gave me bad news.

But I'm not in my home studio.

I see.

Oh, so what if someone irreparably damaged their vocal chords in your studio?

You don't tell them.

Tell them.

Really?

You would just keep them going.

Not even with your body language?

No, I'd smile through it.

Okay.

Yes.

And I'd actually give them two thumbs up a lot of nonverbal.

And that's more than one thumbs up.

Yes.

That's wow.

It's twice.

That's double the thumbs up that people usually give.

Yes.

My goodness.

And do you have a lot of students now?

I have a ton.

Really?

I can't keep up with it all.

Really?

I can't keep up with.

Well, I mean, they're coming every other day too.

Every other day.

And then every other day, there's a whole other set coming every other day.

So I work seven days a week.

How long is the session?

90 minutes.

What about an hour and a half?

That's a lot.

So 90 minutes every single day.

Absolutely.

More than enough time.

Yeah.

Thanks.

Yeah.

It seemed like a longer amount of time.

More than you know what you could do in 90 minutes.

I don't know.

Take care of a lot of business, go to the airport, catch a plane that you're running late for a flight of Chicago.

Right?

Yeah.

A driver could pick you up.

Yeah.

There's so much you could do.

Ample time.

Yeah.

There's nothing like a nice drive.

Is it like just a nice drive or you don't have to worry about driving?

Do you recommend singing in the car?

No, you don't.

No.

Keep it quiet.

You can sit in the back and stay quiet.

You got to stay quiet.

You got the acoustics in a car are not good.

You haven't run to your car and then cool down in your car.

You know what I mean?

Usually people are using the car to not exercise.

Exactly.

You're also fighting the noise around here, right?

The traffic.

The engine is competing.

The engine is trying to out sing you.

The AC is trying to steal your breath.

AC.

My buddy AC, Al Cowling.

Oh yeah.

Interesting.

We're still friends.

You're still friends.

Still good friends with my buddy and we go out to the golf course every day.

Great.

And we're getting it out.

We're getting a good sunshine.

Getting those good UV rays.

I saw him on TV once.

I turned it off before the end, but he was driving around on, it seemed like the freeway or something like that.

Yeah, we were down in.

You were there with him?

Yeah, from, I was in the car with him that time.

We were going for a nice little drive.

He was on the 91 freeway as I recall.

Yeah, down by where you're from.

Just right by the Olive Garden I was working at at the time.

You were working at the Olive Garden during that.

Yes.

Interesting.

During that one TV thing that I turned off after about five minutes.

What a coincidence.

Wow.

What a beautiful coincidence.

Interesting.

He, you know, he was thinking about buying my, he was thinking about buying my Bronco.

Oh, he was.

I was just letting him take it for a test drive.

Bronco.

And we got down.

Do you ever play the Broncos?

What you're talking about is not interesting.

I want to talk about, did you ever play the Broncos?

We played the Broncos and let me tell you something, man.

They call it the Mile High Stadium for a reason because, you know, Denver is above sea level for about a mile and your breath runs out.

You lose your breath so quick you feel like somebody stabbed you.

Somebody's right there.

Oh yeah.

Right in the voice box.

Yeah.

But that's a tough stadium to play in, but I did my thing there too, man.

I tell you what.

You certainly did.

And we loved your thing.

We were blessed.

Do you have any roommates, Liza?

I do.

You do?

I do.

In a circular place like that?

I do.

With no walls?

With no walls and no bed.

And no, where's the lavatory?

Oh, obviously it is in my, what will be my home studio.

Oh, it's just, so it's right there in the dining room, but there are no delineations between any rooms.

Open concept.

Is it sort of like a prison cell in a way of just- A little bit.

Yes.

Everyone just shitting in front of each other?

Absolutely.

I hate that word.

You hate shitting?

I don't like the word no.

What do you, what do you like to say instead?

I say I'm going to go to the restroom like a gentleman.

Okay.

You use the lav.

Like a gentleman.

It's actually interesting because in my musicology classes, we learned actually that the consonants and vowels in the word shitting are the most beautiful combination of- Yeah.

It's a beautiful word.

Divorce it from the connotations of poop coming out of your butt.

And it's a beautiful word.

Mathematically- I would try my- Shitting.

Chords are fried.

Shitting.

Yeah, unfortunately.

I would love to try.

Unfortunately, Jimmy cannot join us, but shitting.

Shitting.

I'll tell you what it does, Rolanda.

I don't hear it.

I'm sorry.

It's got the nice sh, the i, the t, and the g at the end.

It's perfect.

It's got everything you're looking for.

Mathematically perfect.

Reminds me of Schwing from the Wayne's World franchise.

Ah, so it's a good movie right there.

Never heard of it.

Very funny movies.

I'm very young.

Almost as funny as the Naked Gun movies, but not quite there.

Those movies were Saturday Night Live films, and I hosted Saturday Night Live.

You did, and you were a wonderful addict.

In 1977, I want to say- I tell you, my two favorite hosts were you and Donald Trump, another guy I haven't kept up with.

You know, we used to be friends, but I tell you one thing, I'm not interested in the things that he's doing now.

No?

We used to be friends.

Am I watching Veronica Mars?

Never mind.

So Liza, you're a wonderful vocal teacher, it seems like.

Thank you.

And I was, I was going to ask if you have roommates as well.

But- You know, I currently do have roommates, something.

It's a, where I live currently in a condo, in a comedy condo, as I called it.

I do have a few roommates, and there is a time that we can be in, and time that we can be out, and it's pretty much a transition halfway between- Oh, it's halfway between- Halfway between, you know- Oh, I see.

When you get out of prison, and then you go halfway from prison to your actual home.

It sounds like a wonderful situation.

Kind of to walk you back into life.

Yeah, but I plan on moving back up to Rockingham as soon as I get out of the comedy condo that I'm in currently.

Oh, yeah?

Yeah, that's right.

That's right.

And I'd love to have you all over for a nice dinner.

Oh!

I'll tell you one thing- When you said Rockingham, it made me think of ham, and I would love to see you carve one of those things.

Oh.

I carved the crap out of a ham, I'll tell you that much.

Yeah.

Shitting.

And I'll tell you- That's the noise that a knife makes when it- Shitting!

Shitting!

Yeah.

I keep my knives sharp.

I order from the Cutco guy monthly.

And you know- You belong to a Knife of the Month Club.

Knife of the Month Club, absolutely.

You're not only a member, you're the president.

My stakes are amazing.

Yeah.

And you guys gotta come over medium rare.

I gotta come over.

You got to.

All of you.

I like those things bloody.

I like it rare, actually.

I like it bloody.

Scott, Liza, Jimmy, all of you, you're welcome at Rockingham as soon as I'm back in there.

Hey, we have a website to run, so I think we're going to be over there quite often.

Absolutely.

You know, you gotta find a new place on Rockingham.

You know that, right Juice?

Yeah, somebody has bought the other place.

It's completely gone.

Is it?

Yeah, boy, you didn't get the news, huh?

Why did nobody tell me that?

Maybe I misread the news.

Calm down.

Why did nobody tell me that?

Calm down.

Yeah, I think they leveled it.

They raised it.

I really need you to calm down because I don't want you to hurt your voice.

Yeah, calm down OJ.

Why would you want me to hurt my voice?

For my voice.

For my voice, I'll calm down.

My voice, I'll calm down.

That really scares me when I hear people.

Why don't you pick up the scissors?

Me and some more of this apple.

Okay, all right.

We'll do it.

Look, you get to the apple.

We unfortunately are running out of time.

We just have time for one final feature on the show and it's a little something called plugs.

All made of plugs.

Oh my gosh.

Too many plugs.

Oh, wonderful.

That was it's plugs all the way down by Cosine.

Oh, what an interesting plugs theme.

Thanks for that Cosine.

If you have a plugs theme, go ahead, send it on over to us and you can be famous.

Jimmy, what are we plugging?

You've already mentioned it.

Never Not Funny.

And of course, there's also episodes of playing games with Jimmy Pardo available.

Oh, that's another great show.

Very fun.

You play it's sort of like a game show where listeners call in.

Yes, it's a half interview, half game show, different celebrity guests.

Had great people on it like John Hamm.

We've had John Hamm.

We've had Jamila Jamil.

We've had Sarah Silverman.

We've had Zach Galifianakis.

Rich Summer, Lauren Ash, yourself.

Yeah.

Andy Daley, Paula Tompkins.

You know, the best of the best.

Lauren Ash is great if you stop there.

And I know another person who's named that plus some other letters and vowels.

Yeah, she's wonderful.

Let's turn to you, Liza.

Yes.

What do you have to plug?

I would like to plug a fantastic show that I watch on my curved television.

It's called the Black Lady Sketch Show.

Black Lady Sketch Show.

Is that coming out this week from what I understand?

Out on August 2nd at 11 p.m. on HBO.

Yeah.

So that's this week on Friday.

Yeah.

Great.

OK.

And that's and what station is it on?

It's on HBO.

Well, that's not TV.

That's not TV.

Are you able to watch it on that curved television if it's not TV?

I am only because I do have a friend's password.

Oh, OK, great.

Yes.

And I keep it up here.

I didn't write it down.

Thank you.

And what time is that on?

Eleven p.m.

And that has who's on that show?

The cast of that show is Robin Thede.

It is Gabrielle Dennis, Quinta Brunson and Ashley Nicole Black and a bunch of other amazing guest stars, some of whom are my vocal clients.

Oh, really?

But I actually don't disclose my clients names.

Oh, OK.

So we're we but we could guess if we were watching that show.

Absolutely.

OK, so everyone should watch that show to try to guess who you who you who I teach to sing your name again.

I'm sorry.

A black lady sketch show, black lady sketch show, a black lady sketch show, a black lady sketch show.

OK, interesting.

It starts with a yes.

I I hear that the reason why they name it that is because they want to make sure that it comes across as like not the only black lady sketch show.

It's not the it is one of many.

I see.

Yeah.

So and even though it may be breaking some ground of certainly it should just be one of many.

Absolutely.

All right.

Very good.

O.J., what do you like to plug here?

You know, I tell you something great at plugging things.

I appreciate it.

I appreciate that.

First of all, thank you so much for having me on the program.

I had a great time.

We can save the thanks until the end of the show.

This is merely the plugs.

What I want to plug is a great other podcast.

I listen to, of course, listen to Jimmy's.

I listen to another podcast.

It's called The Flagrant Ones, and it's hosted by some great guys who I think have another show on this particular network, Earwolf here.

And it is called Hollywood Handbook is their other show.

But the show that I want to plug is called The Flagrant Ones, hosted by the Hollywood Handbook guys, Sean Clements, Hayes Davenport and a guy that you have around in your circle named Carl Tartt.

Oh, yeah.

Great guy.

He's been in my circle for a while now.

Yeah.

He's always like on the periphery.

You mean your eyes lit up when I said circle.

You were thinking of your apartment.

I was thinking of home.

Wow.

Well, you listen to that.

It's about basketball.

It's great.

You can get it on Patreon.

Another circle.

Uh, yeah, another circle.

A sphere.

It goes into a circle.

Absolutely.

Oh, my God.

Wow.

Absolutely.

Connections.

You know, Carl was tweeting at me the other day, and he was telling me that you have a Christmas party, and I'm hoping that I could get an invite to that.

Oh, certainly.

I mean, look, we're going to be co webmasters.

So I definitely think that you should come to this party.

Oh, that sounds wonderful.

The Flagrant Ones comes out every week.

Every week.

Every week on Thursdays on Patreon.

You can get it on there.

And the guys that you love, you know, you're everybody, you listen to these podcasts and everything and then Hayes Davenport and Sean Clements and Carl Tutt.

Some of your favorites.

Do they drop the the shtick when they're on the Flagrant Ones?

I tell you what, when I'm listening to it, sometimes I can't tell.

I want to plug look, first of all, the Comedy Bang Bang Tour is coming up in just a few weeks.

August 21st, we're out there in Boston, Medford, August 22nd.

We're in Providence, Rhode Island, and August 23rd.

We're in New Haven, Connecticut.

And I can announce this.

This is very exciting for those three shows.

We're going to be joined by our friend.

Ego Wodem is going to be out there from Saturday Night Live.

She is also going to be with myself and Paul F. Tompkins and Lauren Lapkus.

So it's going to be the four of us as well as maybe even another surprise along the way.

So come out to those shows.

And then in September, we have on September 5th, Kansas City, Missouri, September 6th and 7th, St. Paul, Minnesota, and September 8th is Chicago.

And then jumping ahead to November, we have November 11th is Philadelphia and November 12th is Washington, D.C.

All those shows are with Paul F. Tompkins and Lauren Lapkus, as well as other people that we're going to bring along the way.

So come out to see us.

And then also, I want to plug the Between Two Ferns movie is coming out in just a couple of short months in September 20th.

So the countdown continues until that.

All right, let's close up the old plug bag.

♪♪♪ ♪♪♪ That's a great song.

Yeah.

All right.

That's the closing up the bag remix.

Alan Tudyk remix, and no one wanted to add on to that today, so we'll save that for another time.

Guys, I want to thank you so much, Jimmy.

Always great to see you.

My honor.

And a big fan of your show and one of the best podcasts and continued success to you, sir.

And you.

And Liza, great to meet you.

You two never sing, Scott.

Never sing.

Just like you.

Yes.

But you could.

I could, but I won't.

Could I?

You could, but you shouldn't.

I could, but I shouldn't.

Okay, great.

Are there people who can't, but they should?

Yes.

Really?

Absolutely.

Okay.

Some of our biggest pop stars.

They can't, but they should.

But they should.

All right.

And OJ, so good to meet you.

Scott, let me tell you, this has been a pleasure of amazing proportions.

I got to get out of here.

Okay, well, I'm wrapping up the show.

I need you to do one last thing.

Oh, yeah?

I need you to take care.

Okay?

I will do that.

Liza, I need you to take care and be well.

I'll try.

Mr.

Jimmy Pardo.

It has been a pleasure to meet you and greet you.

And I just want you to take care.

Be well, be blessed.

Everything, guys.

I got to get out of here.

My golf cart is right outside the door.

I got to go hit a few holes.

Scott, you should just drive those on the links.

You take care now.

All right, well, I'll take care.

Everyone out there.

Take care.

We'll see you next time.

Thanks.

Bye.

♪ Heroes ♪ you Thank you.
