---
layout: page
title: 613. Moshe Kasher, Natasha Leggero, Drew Tarver, Ele Woods [https：⧸⧸cloudfront.wolfpub.io⧸CBB-613-20190731-MosheNatashaTarverWoods-SKv02-PW.mp3].mp3.wav
category: cbb 
---

♪ Comedy bang bang, comedy bang bang, comedy bang bang ♪ ♪ Comedy bang bang, comedy bang bang, comedy bang bang ♪ ♪ Comedy bang bang, comedy bang bang ♪ ♪ Comedy bang bang, comedy bang bang ♪ ♪ Comedy bang bang, comedy bang bang ♪ ♪ Duh duh duh duh duh duh duh duh duh duh duh duh duh ♪ ♪ Fun do or fun don't ♪ ♪ Either way you aren't touching my cheese, Tim ♪ Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

Ah, thank you to Slam Cusec for that catchphrase submission, or maybe it's S-I-M Cusec, depending on if that's a uppercase I or an L, lowercase L, I don't know, who knows?

But thank you so much for that catchphrase submission.

And boy, we have a great show coming up.

This is Comedy Bang Bang.

My name is Scott Aukerman, I'm your host.

A little bit later, we will have someone who works in the entertainment industry.

That's very exciting.

And then, you know how this show, if you've never heard the show before, basically I talk to people in all walks of life, and one of those walks is just a regular person.

And so we're gonna have a regular person coming up on the show, someone I met the other day.

And before them, we will have two other people in the entertainment industry as well who have a podcast, apparently.

But before we get to that, I have to say, it's already August 5th.

This is August 5th is when this comes out, and we are definitely deep in the throes of Augie Dogie.

None can dispute that.

There can be no dissent regarding that fact.

We made it out of hump month, so everyone stop fucking.

And that's all the business we have to take care of before we get to our guests.

Let's see, I mentioned that they have a podcast.

Apparently.

It was the first I'm hearing of it.

And they both have been on this show, I believe several times, or maybe just once for one of them.

I can't recall, several times?

Since it was once, I feel like you do remember, actually.

Because it was once.

Once.

But of course, to his right, and sitting immediately across from me is one of our oldest, oldest friends of the show.

Who is still very young.

Still very young, but she's been on ever since the very beginning, and has made countless, and I'm not gonna count, I might dare anyone to, countless appearances on this podcast.

Of course you know her as Tosh.0.

Natasha Leggero is here, as well as Moshe Kasher, the second appearance for him.

Yeah, very thrilled to be back.

Welcome guys.

And you have a podcast, and we'll get to that, but before we get to it, a little bit of background about the two of you, you are comedians.

True. Correct.

Okay, this is two truths and a lie.

Yeah.

We're podcasters primarily.

You're podcasters.

Podcasters Jews.

I think all comedians are podcasters primarily at this point.

We just thought the landscape was really ripe and ready for a comedian to come out with a podcast.

Yeah, talking to other comedians possibly?

About the biz.

You guys make fun all you want, but I had a podcast before anybody with Duncan Trussell, and our first guest was someone named Chris Hardwick, and he was like, wait, so you just record all this stuff?

Oh, so you invented Nerdist.

Yes!

Thank you!

What was yours called again?

It was called The Lavender Hour.

Yes, I remember.

It was a great show.

But Duncan was very, he was kind of ahead of the curve with recording stuff, so he kind of did it all himself, but I don't think anyone had one when we had one.

Probably not.

This is probably 11 years ago if I had to guess.

I invented something too.

What did you invent?

When I, you know I've been going to Burning Man for many years.

Of course.

I do know that.

If you haven't heard Moshe's previous appearance, pause this immediately.

You won't understand anything that's going to come next, honestly.

Burning Man?

What is this?

It's just not going to make any sense.

And then listen to season two of Serial, and then come back to this podcast.

Because you play a pretty subtle part in it, but you murdered someone at Burning Man.

That's right.

So I was, and I used to volunteer at the front gate at Burning Man, where we would sort of control the intro.

You don't pay those people?

They don't pay very, very much.

Moshe, you've done it until last year for like 17 years.

OK, well let's not give all of the information that I don't want.

No, I don't.

I've retired because my wife forced me to.

By the way, you are both married.

I want to get that across.

That is true.

I believe the only guests who have ever been on simultaneously who I've been to their wedding.

Oh.

Because I think I've been to other guests' weddings, but never had them on the show concurrently.

It is, if you get specific enough, it's easy to get like, to become the first, you know?

Like if it's the first.

Yeah, if you narrow it down with that many qualifiers.

So I used to work at the front gate, and this, I was there.

And do you know who Basenector is?

I do, yes.

He's a very famous dubstep guy.

And he came out, and he drove up, and he was leaving.

And he stopped, and he looked at me.

He came up, he was leaving.

He stopped.

He was leaving on the way out.

He was driving out.

Trying to get the chronology.

He came up.

And I was standing.

You think this is a lie?

He was stopped.

This is the lie.

By the way, this part is the lie of the two truths and the lie.

He stopped.

Everything is true except for Basenector.

And this whole story.

Everything is true about this story.

We're not married.

And he goes, wait, is your name Moshe?

And I was a newer comedian.

This was like probably 15 years ago, and I was thinking to myself like, oh, yeah.

The word on my comedy.

From the Bay Area.

Some of my comedy stuff's getting out there that I get recognized.

You heard your bang bang.

Your solo bang bang.

That was many years to come before that.

My pre-bang bang days.

And he's like, I was like, yeah, that's my name.

And he's like, were you a DJ at raves in the early 90s in San Francisco?

I was like, yeah, I was.

And he goes, you know, I saw you at the first rave I ever went to.

And I was like, I think I want to do that.

And I invented dubstep, you guys.

I invented dubstep.

Or at least Basenector.

Wait, tell him what your DJ name was.

It was Moshe.

No, I thought it was Eminem.

No, that's not.

No, no.

When I was a very young kid in Oakland and I wanted to like.

Why did you grab her arm and shake her like that?

Oh my gosh, Moshe, put her down.

I thought you said it was DJ Eminem.

No, when I was a little kid and I wanted to be a rapper, like every kid in Oakland wanted to be a rapper, I was trying to think what my rap name would be.

And I was like, oh, my initials are MMK.

And I thought, that could be Eminem.

It could be Eminem.

And this was pre-M&M.

Oh, wow.

But I never took that one seriously.

Why did you never?

Yeah, why didn't that ever come to remember?

No, why didn't you become a rapper, Moshe?

Like your brother.

Like my brother, right?

That's right.

I did have a phase once where I wanted to be a rapper.

And I wrote the rap and I recorded it.

And I played it for my DJ friend who was like a successful hip hop DJ.

And I was so proud of it and I'd written it for like a week.

And he's like, that's cool.

So you just made that up off the top of your head?

And I was very upset.

Yeah, sure I did.

I could probably do better if I had a week.

A week.

Oh, call me in a month.

Yeah, now you guys are comedians.

You both, I'm trying to remember even when you would have even have met.

I've been to your wedding.

Maybe you talked about it at the wedding.

I don't recall.

But when did you even meet?

Did you meet in comedy circles?

Yeah, you know how it is.

Like you're just always at the same shows.

I used to go to Natasha's early shows and listen to the Lavender Hour.

And would you say things like, ha ha?

No, we just met through the, I don't know how we met exactly.

I think we met like at a dance party for comedy or something.

Oh, one of the dance parties that used to pop up every once in a while.

Yeah, do you remember which venue it was?

Would it be the place on Fairfax?

Remember we used to have those roller skating parties too?

Sure, yeah, Nick Swardson used to host those.

We would dance and roller skate.

There was always like comedy parties.

Does that happen these days, or are we too old and we don't know about them?

I think they must still be happening.

Parties will always probably happen.

And if you go to one, you'll think.

We're just not invited to that anymore.

I feel like every scene is still good.

If I invited to them like me, I RSVP, yes.

And then don't show up.

Don't show up and say I was sick.

Now let me ask you this, cause I just RSVP'd to a party last week and I did not show up.

Oh, was it the same party I wonder?

Oh, I bet it was.

Was it on Saturday night?

Yeah.

That's probably the one that I was gonna go to.

So did you respond?

I did, yes, I did.

I actually was asleep by 8.30 for some reason.

The party started at eight and I was like at 7.30, I was like, I can't, I'm just not feeling well.

So a week later, can I say something?

Yeah, yeah, I did.

I got a very nice email back.

Okay.

Yeah.

We'll discuss this later.

Okay, let's discuss this later.

One thing I've learned in LA is don't tell people the party, cause if you're like, are you going to this party?

And then...

A lot of times they're not invited, especially around the holiday season.

I've made that mistake so many times.

And like one time I was invited to a party.

One time.

Well, like it was my friend who I told about, I was like, well, there's no way she's not invited.

And she wasn't, she must've been like on a second tier or a third, maybe I was a second tier.

She was a third tier.

It's what Natasha and I fight about the most.

She'll ask me if I'm going to this party and I'm like, I wasn't invited, do you have a plus one?

Well, that's the whole thing about being married.

Suddenly you're invited to all the parties they're invited to.

Right.

And then you decline those as well.

That's why Natasha is invited to Burning Man every year now.

Oh good.

Have you ever been?

Three times.

Three times?

Reluctantly, once pregnant.

Whoa.

Big tactical error.

Should not have done that.

Cause I was pissed the whole time.

Yeah, it was a bad move on both of our parts.

What's your opinion on this?

Coolup and I have had a party every year.

And then this last year we didn't have it.

Oh good, I thought I wasn't invited.

That's my thing.

I was saying.

I almost said something to you and then I was like, well, if he forgot to invite.

No, no, no.

This is the thing.

I was saying Coolup, we have to put out an invite to all the people saying we're not having it.

Otherwise they're going to think that.

Why didn't you have it?

I would have helped organize.

It was a bad time.

I hear you.

Yeah, Coolup's movie, you guys had so much going on.

It was for whatever reason, but yeah, we just didn't have it.

So we're hopefully going to rehab it or not rehab it.

Isn't it a Christmas party?

Yeah, it's a Christmas party.

It's the most wonderful time of the year.

Oh right, they say that.

It doesn't make sense that it's a most wonderful.

Well, lotion and I always have a Hanukkah party, but I'm thinking of opening it up to non-Jews.

Well, because we only have Jews.

We have an ethnic sort of a paperback test that we make people go through.

But I think this year we're going to open it up.

What do I need, a 23 and me for you?

I'm sure I have some Jew in me.

Some Ashkenazi, can you prove it?

We're like, Coolup, you can come on in.

You can come by.

What?

Sorry.

How?

Yeah, so.

You should have a party for, because the last time I've been to your place was I believe your wedding.

Unless, no, you moved next door, is that what I heard?

We did move next door.

Oh.

Yes.

I read about that on Next Door.

It's all just people who've moved next door.

Sometimes there's a lot of posts.

Sometimes there aren't any for years.

You wonder why they made a whole app out of it, but it's been very successful.

Very popular.

Who has moved next door to where they had lived before?

But yeah, you should have more parties.

I would love to RSVP to them.

All right.

Possibly go.

Well, that's what we're here to talk about.

We're actually throwing a party, and every listener of Comedy Bang Bang is invited.

Wow.

Now, are you providing Transpo?

Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.

Oh, global shuttles.

We've got a really cool party bus.

And her dad's actually.

Making his way across the country.

That's right.

My dad always rents a party bus.

That's his.

Does he really?

Like when he comes to see me if I'm in Chicago, he's very into party bus culture.

He's in Rockville.

Rockford, Illinois.

Rockford, sorry.

I always get it confused with Rockville.

He also lives in Florida, so he'll sometimes come back to Rockford.

He also lives in Florida.

America's droopy dick.

I think Florida gets a bad rep sometimes.

I've never been to Florida, I hear.

And I hear from people all the time of like, when are you coming to Florida?

And I have just been told by my booking agent it's too hard to get to.

What?

It's not that hard.

It's a five hour flight.

Meaning like, if you're gonna do more than one show, it's just too hard to get to all the places that you would do.

Does that make sense?

Like you would wanna go to Florida and then do Orlando, Miami.

Yes, and all of that is too long of a journey.

I will say that one of the great American drives is the drive from Miami to Key West.

That is truly one of the- In what way?

In what manner?

It's one of the most beautiful drives you'll ever take in your life.

But you're a guy who's been to Burning Man 17 times.

So what do I know from that?

Now that's ugly.

Yeah.

I love a nice drive and that's a beautiful drive.

There's like, there's bridges connected.

Did you drive here?

I did drive here today.

Great.

The second most beautiful, it goes Miami to Key West, Highway 1, all the way up the coast.

And then the- Your apartment to here.

And then the Silver Lake Ear Wolf corridor.

I don't mean to say that you have an apartment, of course, you have a house.

Yeah, that was disrespectful.

I'm so sorry.

You actually have been to our house.

Well, I went to the one next door.

We moved to the apartment next door.

I don't know what you live next to.

I didn't check it.

There were a lot of big trees.

I couldn't see it.

How dare you say we live in an apartment.

I beg your pardon.

Now you have this podcast, from what I'm being told in my ear right now, it's called Endless Honeymoon.

Yes.

And I believe there's been about three or four episodes of it has come out at this point.

Is that true?

I think there's like five out now.

Yeah, we have five out now.

So it's officially bingeable.

Oh, and we can have, well, I don't know if you might RSVP and then try to get out of it.

But we do have couples like Emily Gordon and Kumail Najiani came and we all gave advice to these couples.

So you like a call in thing where couples call with their- Would I have to actually talk about my real life?

No, no, you and Kulak could help us give other people advice.

Okay, that I'm very good at.

I don't want to turn the mirror upon myself.

Well, we'll make sure to not ask you that.

But yeah, so we- So what is the premise of this show or does it need a premise?

Natasha and I go on the road.

We've toured together now a lot.

Because one of the- You have the Endless Honeymoon tour, as I recall.

Yeah, the whole thing started with Natasha and I just wanting to get off of going on the road by ourselves.

Because it can be such a lonely place out there by yourself.

Like when you do- Other than that drive from Florida to Key West.

Now that's lonely in a good way.

That's only like a Whitman poem.

But also the reason why we call it the Endless Honeymoon is because when I did another period, we were researching and there was this really rich couple in the Gilded Age who left for their honeymoon and then came back 10 years later with three kids.

Wow.

And I was like, oh, I want to go on one of those.

So then the idea is that that's how I want to tour with Moshe is we just kind of- Just constantly be going to places.

Destination cities.

When you get to destination cities, do you schedule time that you can enjoy those cities?

You do, great.

Yes, and then people will sometimes come from their lesser places and then like- Places like- Well, like if they live in, I don't know.

Rockville, Rockford, places like that.

You know, like if we're in Santa Barbara, you know, people who live in the surrounding areas can have a weekend in Santa Barbara with their other half and come see us perform, maybe come up on stage.

So it started as like a tour where we were going to these like really, we actually drove all the way across the American West.

In Moshe's RV.

Yeah, that was really fun.

And then it turned into a Netflix special.

And then we decided, basically the show was that Tash does like a half hour stand up.

I do a half hour stand up and then the third- You come together for a Voltron like- A Voltron like crowd work extravaganza.

But that's not our podcast.

Our podcast is basically us taking pause.

That's a great background to this podcast.

I'm just trying to give it some texture.

Sure, of course.

So now we will discuss usually like a fight of the week that we're having with each other.

They vary.

Do you have one per week usually?

It is difficult to come up with one.

Do you guys ever find yourself like, maybe this will get her and we'll start a fight.

We need content for our podcast.

I did confront him.

Hey, bitch.

Well, I did- That's Natasha to me, right?

Yeah.

Thank you, little bitch.

I did confront Moshe with something he didn't know I was going to say because I had talked to my therapist about it.

And then he was like, yeah, just say it.

So I said it and I think it kind of helped.

It was painful, but it's- But the problem- I basically told him that I wanted- It didn't help me because- I want to hear what we're talking about.

It didn't help me because there's nothing you can do about size.

Like you're either born with it or not.

Like I can't- What can I- So your therapist said, tell him he has a small piece.

Yeah, it's like, what can I- I can't work on this.

Like, what am I supposed to do here?

No, I was feeling that he was on his phone too much.

And I was trying to figure out how to breach it.

When you guys were together or just in general?

The culture that is the phone culture in our house, I really was feeling like the phone was first at all times and we have a baby.

And I'm sure a lot of people can relate to this.

I mean, babies- I'm sure Moshe will say that I have the same issue.

Babies used to be like phones.

You know what I mean?

When we weren't on our phones all day, we would pick babies up and we would press them and they would make funny noises sometimes.

And they would tell us what the crazy thing the president just said.

Give us directions.

Now we just stare into the abyss that is our phones while our baby falls off a couch.

I do feel like the phone is every- it's kind of like how everybody thinks they're a good driver.

Everybody thinks they're a little bit better about their phone than they are.

And it's a serious vulnerability for everyone.

When the iPhones started giving statistics of how often you're on your phone, well, that's a wake up call.

Yeah, like was that supposed to help us?

That was very confusing.

Yeah, I can't tell whether they're saying like, hey, get off it or like, hey, why don't you come back and- It's one more thing to look at.

Well, they do say that all those tech CEOs don't let their kids have phones until they're like 14.

And it's like they know everything that they're doing.

They know how addictive they've made it and are still making it.

So basically, since we had that confrontation, I do feel- It was a confrontation.

And you were very confrontational about it.

Did you- She said, hey, bitch.

She started it with, hey, bitch, you got a little dick, get off your phone.

It was not a fun conversation.

Well, Moshe just- The first two, I can't help.

The third, I'll try.

Moshe just seemed open to me bringing it up.

And I had had the argument prepared, because he's also very hard to argue with, because he's- He's a comedy lawyer in a way.

Kind of, yes.

I'm a Jewish comedian.

He always knows how to say things that, like the way I'll say something, I'm like, I hate when you do that.

And it's like, I don't know.

You're saying things that are more about feelings.

And he's bringing up points of contention.

Yeah.

And arguing against them.

And you're like, well, I can't argue.

In your way.

I can't specifically.

I'm just telling you a feeling I have.

Exactly.

My problem is I have a good mind for historical timelines.

And that's never fun to argue with.

I'll be like, well, if you look at the record in October, that you said this, and then I said.

And then we get up to the present moment.

That's not a fun person to argue with.

I can admit that.

But since we had the confrontation, what I will say is now we do this thing where for 15 minutes in the morning, I set an alarm.

And we have coffee.

And we put our phones away.

And we.

What do you talk about, though?

I've been with Cool Up 21 years now.

Never had a 15 minute conversation.

There's no point to it.

You'll get there.

So what are you going to talk about for 15 minutes?

Today we talked about.

God, that sounds like an eternity.

I can't tell you.

It is the worst 15 minutes of my day.

Every day it's a torture zone.

You start with like, what are you doing today?

And how long does that take?

60 seconds?

And then what?

No, today we had a little talk about how noble it is to be a comedian and if it's more noble or less noble.

Because Moshe was saying he doesn't think it's noble to be a comedian.

Sounds horrible.

So I said.

Moshe, I'm with you.

OK, and then we also hear that you.

Scott, maybe I'll call you for 15 minutes every morning.

No, you and I could bro out.

We could talk.

We could really.

No.

Little dick to little dick.

We could really get down.

And then also I need to tell Moshe the schedule because he doesn't keep iCal.

And so I have to remind him of things.

You know, it's like.

So this is a popular podcast, right?

So your plan is working of sort of going over a list of all the things that I do wrong.

Wait, no, but do you think that that helped?

Definitely.

You hate the 15 minutes?

No, I like it.

I like it.

I enjoy it.

It's nice.

Well, you guys are relatively, I mean, you've been married now.

Three years, if I had to guess.

Is that right?

Wait, is this about, it's going to change your thing?

Yeah, it'll change.

That time will just decrease and decrease.

Well, you said the number.

It didn't feel like it was a supportive thing was coming next.

It's three years.

But it'll fall apart soon.

Yeah.

Well, that's great.

And do you feel, Moshe, like you need to then say, OK, well, I also have a thing, or can you just take it and say, I accept that?

Well, when it comes to phone stuff specifically, that's what I was saying.

I think everyone's a little vulnerable, because everybody secretly knows that they have a problem.

So when someone pulls your covers on that, your instinct immediately always is to say, you do it too, which is true for everybody.

But it doesn't change the fact that you do it.

And so I was defensive at first.

But then I agreed to the 15 minutes, and I think it's actually really nice.

I mean, next year, of course, it may fall apart.

But I do have to say, though, I mean, 10 years ago, I think the iPhone was invented.

And when I first got mine, there was a lot of just sitting around going, God, I'm so fucking bored.

What do I do?

And now there isn't that.

Honestly, there was.

Scott, your life, you were sitting around saying, I'm so fucking bored.

You've got like tons of things to occupy yourself.

Look, you were probably reading.

I saw a picture, by the way, of people in the 20s or 30s or 40s in line at a shop.

And everyone had a newspaper and was reading it.

And it's like, well, that's basically the same thing.

Like, I was sitting alone having lunch today.

And if I had to just sit there and stare into space, what, and doctor's offices.

Oh my God, so much time spent at doctor's offices waiting an hour for someone.

If I didn't have a phone?

I do think this is.

Are you yawning?

No, no.

I do think this is, in a good way, the most like optimistic rosy view of what the iPhone and social media has done for us.

It's like, it's just filled in the boring parts of our lives.

Now, I agree with you guys.

When you're at home and you have a child, you should be just relishing in the wonderful experience of being parents.

It's impossible.

After about 25 minutes, you're like, well, cute.

Cute only takes you so far.

You get about 20 minutes of that.

And how old is your baby right now?

Or can you not?

14 years old.

14 years old?

No, she's a year and a half.

Yeah, she's a year and a half.

Incredible.

I don't think I've ever seen your baby in person.

She's real cute.

Come on over.

All right.

When do you want me over?

I actually don't like kids.

How about Hanukkah?

You don't like kids?

Not really.

I mean, I love mine.

But like.

Right.

And also, I don't like other people's dogs.

Right.

I think I'm just like into my own stuff.

Yeah.

You seem very self-centered to me.

Well, so my friends are like, oh, babies.

Oh, and they'll stop other babies.

And they have babies.

They'll stop other babies?

Like, oh, how cute.

If you see a baby out for a walk on its own, then you'll stop the baby.

And you'll be like, hey, baby.

What are you doing out here by yourself?

Baby, stop.

I'm just saying I like mine, but I'm not trying to hug your baby that has snot coming out of its nose.

Yeah.

Is that what babies are?

Just snot factories?

Not our baby.

Our baby's actually special.

Really?

I think gifted in a way.

What comes out of a baby?

You got snot.

You got puke.

You got shit.

You got piss.

Mm-hmm.

You don't have cum, do you?

I don't.

Scott.

No, but not positive.

Not yet.

Blood?

Blood.

Oh, blood.

Oh, blood's come out for sure.

Bile?

Biles come out.

Yeah, a lot of bile.

Constant bile.

Spit up?

Did you say spit up?

That's vomit, right?

Yeah, it's in the vomit family.

You know what you're missing, though?

What?

Love.

Oh.

There's a lot of love coming out of that baby.

There's this beautiful little angel that doesn't know who Trump is, who you get to talk to every day.

Are you planning a conversation at some point of like, all right.

Fuck.

All right.

It's finally time.

So our leader and the guy that we love.

The 1980s real estate market.

Do you know what?

How do I explain this?

Trickle down economics.

Home Alone 2.

Let's just watch that first.

Angels in America.

Let's start there.

Boy, that's, yeah.

That's a tough one.

Hopefully, so she's.

Marla Maples.

Even before, yeah.

Ivanka.

Yeah, I mean, hope, I mean, you never know.

By the time they even know what a president is, maybe there's a different situation going on.

I would really hope so.

I mean, no matter what happens, it feels like by the time she gets consciousness.

I'm trying to remember when I knew what a president was.

I remember Reagan.

Sure.

Who do you remember?

Who's your first?

Well, my first was Nixon, so I don't.

You remember that?

But I guess I think I only remember Nixon in terms of like, what happened to him.

So Ford, definitely.

I remember Ford.

What about you?

I don't really remember.

I remember.

Barack Obama is the first one.

Really?

I remember for Dukakis.

I just remember thinking like, this is the.

I just always, my instincts were always very liberal for some reason.

So I remember getting signs and putting them in our yard.

Maybe when I went to school, I knew what the president of the United States was.

I guess television probably.

Well, speaking of the internet, I feel like when I was.

Were we?

Well, we were talking about what the internet's done for us.

All right, if you say so.

And then the podcasting is on the internet.

I don't remember, but go ahead.

Don't you remember the podcasting?

Not really.

Podcasting is on the internet.

Am I wrong?

Podcast, wait, you've mentioned podcasts.

OK, good.

We're podcasters and comedians and Jews, first, second, and third.

But I think when I was a teenager, I didn't care about anything.

I don't think I cared who the president was or what.

I wanted to dress like a.

It was all about a dubstep and the invention.

This is before that even.

Don't you feel like now young people, every young person is like in the political system in a way that I just could have cared less.

I wanted to dress like a slut and drive to Chicago and fuck a musician.

That's like all I wanted to do.

And fuck bass nectar.

That occupied most of my energy.

Oh, but one thing I will say about having a child and telling them about the president, et cetera, this is a very unique time to have a child, because I do feel like our child, who is a year and a half, is going to grow up knowing the world is going to be ending in her lifetime.

Beautiful.

You have probably 12 years on this earth.

That's crazy.

Yeah, it's very strange.

And a lot of people are like, well, maybe you shouldn't have a child.

But I do think that this generation apparently is the generation that should help save the world, who are going to be the ones who.

So you have to prepare them for you will probably, you're not going to die of old age, you will probably drown or sunstroke or something like that.

I mean, I'm hoping I get my kid into an environmental program where they can learn and then try to, I don't know.

I'm going to teach her how to steer a garbage barge as she goes across the Bering Strait.

Because there's going to be a lot of water.

Glad we can laugh about that.

Always teach them where high ground is, because when the tsunamis start happening.

But they're going to grow up knowing coastal change.

Like when we grew up, it wasn't like, oh, by the way, I mean, we heard of the greenhouse effect, which is like such a nice way of saying everything.

We all love greenhouses.

Right.

So it's like, we didn't really grow up knowing about that, because we grew up in the excess of the 80s.

So now it's like our kids, it's going to be very hard for them to not know that coastal change will be happening in their lifetime.

Right.

Well, I hope my Malibu beach house will be safe.

Oh, but PS, you don't live in Malibu, but have you looked at the map, the coastal change Los Angeles map?

I have not.

Why?

What is it?

A lot of us are going to have beachfront property.

There is a positive spin on this.

Yeah, beachfront property.

Silver Lake is going to be a beach town.

Wipeout.

Well, Wipeout is what we scream at Venice, because they're going to be underwater.

But we.

Where is it?

Like west of the five is gone?

Or what do you think?

Yeah, it goes.

I remember the coast comes into the Silver Lake Echo Park area.

How cool is that?

Finally, dude.

Oh my god.

This is like Lex Luthor shit from Superman 1.

Hey, we could be wrong.

We could be wrong.

In fact, I don't believe anything that you're saying.

And I think the scientists are very split on this issue.

So speaking of vaccinations, thanks for bringing that up.

Oh, of course.

Yeah.

Well, guys, we have, let's see, Endless Honeymoon is the podcast.

And we have to go to a break here.

When we come back, we're going to have someone who works in the entertainment industry.

Now, you guys work in the, I mean, you switched to podcasting.

But.

Is that still entertainment?

Yeah, I'm not sure.

It's definitely a time waste.

Podcasts are doing better than ever.

And there's so many.

Yeah, but people are on their phones.

People are always going to need stuff to entertain their minds.

I will say this, as politically stuck as I feel like a lot of us feel, there is something nice about our show, and this show too, that it's not tied to the political news cycle, right?

That's right.

There's something nice about that.

We always, like doing our show feels like watching an episode of British Bake Off.

It's like a little bit of a subject change.

Yeah, it's a nice palate cleanser.

Like this.

Sorry to bring up climate change.

Yeah, sorry, everyone.

But if you're listening to this in 12 years, oh, no, you won't be able to.

That's right.

They'll still have podcasts even after the great meltdown.

Really?

Oh, absolutely.

Oh, I hope so.

There'll be so much water that we'll be able to power all of the podcasts through water wheels.

I'd love to still be podcasting in a water world style apocalyptic wasteland.

That's Scott Ockerman.

You've been doing a podcast since the old days.

Hey, everybody.

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

You have a big tin, one of those things that the carnival barkers would use, and you're just doing it.

Megaphones.

And then I have my gang, and it's up against Mark Maron's gang.

Mark Maron made it.

And we fight all the time.

He's like, lock the gate!

Literally.

All right, we have to go to a break.

When we come back, we'll have someone who works in the entertainment industry.

Fred Head is here.

We'll be right back with more Comedy Bang Bang.

Comedy Bang Bang, we're back here with Moshe Kasher and Natasha Leggero.

Natasha quote Tosh.0 unquote Leggero.

Do you like that nickname or not?

I can't remember.

I didn't even know I had it.

I love nicknames.

I believe I called you that several times on the show.

I thought you called me Natty Legs for some reason.

Natty Legs, of course.

Yeah, that's a classic.

I forgot about that one.

Yeah, I mean, I think nicknames are.

Natty Legs is good.

Yeah, that's good.

Yeah.

That's good.

I mean, nicknames are always great.

They are.

They achieve an instant intimacy.

Do you like nicknames, though?

Because you're the type of person with your outlook on several things, I feel like you would think a nickname was beneath you.

Oh, cool.

Because I remember the one time we were talking about Batman, and you were like, who is this Batman?

I mean, it's true.

I don't like the Marvel universe.

But.

It's not Marvel.

What is it?

It's DC.

Whatever.

Is this what you guys fight about?

Mostly.

I was confronting her on the podcast the other day after she mentioned my phone use.

And I was saying, you don't know the difference between the expanded Marvel and the expanded DC universe.

Yeah, and what constitutes as a television Marvel.

And it's incontinuity, but it technically doesn't cross over.

Come on.

What properties does Sony own?

What does Marvel Studios do?

She just doesn't know any of that stuff.

I would love to get you and Chelsea Peretti together to just talk about what you know about Batman.

Does she not know anything either?

I don't think so.

She talked about it on this show at one time.

I mean, why do you think girls should just immediately like things that were for seven-year-old boys?

But why is it for a seven-year-old boy?

Why is it for a 47-year-old boy?

I don't know.

Do you like nicknames?

No, Jen Kirkman said it too, and I agree.

She's like, I don't like anything with swords.

And I'm like, I can get with that.

And then Howard Kramer always says that he doesn't like make-em-ups, like anything that's made up.

And I'm kind of with him on that too.

I share that worldview.

Yeah, when you start agreeing with Howard about things.

Howard makes a lot of good points.

He does.

He really does.

I was on stage the other day, and a member of the audience all of a sudden in the middle of my set screams out, mosh!

And I was like, this intimacy, whatever you're doing right now feels far too intimate.

Interrupting my set and shortening my name just at your own disre, yeah, at your own leisure.

My gosh.

What did they want?

They wanted to inform me of something about the person that I was interacting with.

I was doing a little bit of a crowd work situation.

And the third party was like, it's his birthday!

I was like, mosh!

Oh, very good.

Yeah.

I did say happy birthday.

And also, I always aspire to be a few classes above myself.

And isn't that like a rich person thing, like having a fancy nickname?

Oh, right.

Yeah, that's true.

I guess you're right about that.

You know, like, happy Rockefeller.

So you think rich is two classes above where you're at?

You guys have this house, not an apartment, from what I'm told.

I mean, I don't know.

I try to keep my overhead low.

I don't really like to work.

Yeah, that's true.

Yeah, keep the overhead low.

Like, what are you paying for at this point?

I mean, I have a nanny for Moshe.

So keep me off my phone.

She just slaps the phone out of my hand.

It breaks.

You don't really want my phone.

I don't really want to know what.

Yeah, I don't want to talk about your finances.

We have to get to it.

Don't we have people from the entertainment industry here?

Yes, we have to get to our next guest.

He works in the entertainment industry, I don't know in what regard.

Maybe he can help you get a leg up into your rich stratosphere that you want to be in with the nicknames.

But please welcome to the show Fred Head.

Hey, thanks for having me, Scott.

I'm very happy to be here.

Are you really?

Yes.

This is Natasha.

This is Moshe.

Hey, Natasha.

Hey, Moshe.

How you doing?

Hey, Fred.

How are you?

Pretty good.

They both have names that end in uh.

Yeah, I like that.

They rhyme.

You're kind of a positive guy, Fred.

I am.

I'm happy to be here.

You're very happy to be here, too.

I'm very happy to be here.

You're from the South, it seems.

Yes, I'm from Georgia.

Firmly from there.

Firmly.

I'm not pretending to be somewhere else, I'm from the South.

From Georgia, what part of Georgia?

You know I was born there.

Oh, were you born near Atlanta?

I was born in Savannah.

Oh, Savannah.

Gorgeous, really?

Gorgeous place.

I'm right outside of Savannah.

You're right outside.

The place he mentioned, you're from right outside of there.

I'm from right outside of there.

Where is that?

It's a place called Gooseneck, Georgia.

Gooseneck, right next to, right outside.

Yeah, right outside of Savannah.

Not within the city limits of Savannah, because that would be Savannah.

It would be, but right outside.

Right outside is a different town.

Yeah, there's like two gas stations and a Dairy Queen, and that place is called Gooseneck.

That's where I'm from.

Don't get them mixed up, otherwise your car won't work and you're going to be sick.

And that's very true.

Yeah, and it will not run off of an Oreo Blizzard.

But if you mix the two gas stations up, you'll be fine.

You'll be totally fine.

You're going to be good.

You'll be totally fine.

Yeah, but I'm happy to be here.

Why are you shouting?

Can I ask you that?

Am I being too loud?

I don't know.

I mean, your voice is very southern.

Yeah, OK.

Well, I guess I can back up on the volume a little bit.

Well, it's a little comedic in nature as well, I have to say.

I don't know.

You're just a regular person.

I mean, you work in the entertainment industry.

I'm a regular man.

I don't know.

What does he do?

Oh, I drive beauty queens.

Drive beauty queens?

Yeah, you know when you see a beauty queen in a parade on a convertible?

Sure, yeah.

I've had that experience.

I've been lucky enough to have that experience, probably three times in my life.

Yeah, I own a 1988 Chevrolet Camaro, and I got a little bath mat on the back of it.

And I drive beauty queens.

OK.

Yeah.

How long are these trips?

Well, you know, there's a couple.

Oh my gosh, you are really back off that mic.

I was being serious there.

I was just being serious, so I can bring the volume down when I'm being serious.

Whatever volume you like to be at.

It's usually a couple miles, depending on the parade route.

You know, the other day, I was driving Miss Sweet Onion in the Cranberry Harvest Festival, and that was probably a two mile ride.

Probably two miles.

Yeah.

In a circular fashion, or are you starting at one point and then hit another?

That one is a tight circle.

You don't have two miles to go.

I'm not wrong, Fred.

It's easily one block, then you make a right, another block, make a right.

Yes, and then you're back.

That was a controversial story, right?

It was.

Actually, Miss Sweet Onion was crowned the beauty queen of the Cranberry Harvest Festival.

Oh, I read that.

It's like diversity stuff, where they will let the onion in.

It's like, a sweet onion is not as sweet as a cranberry.

No, no, not at all.

Now, are those Vidalia onions?

They are.

OK, yeah, I like those.

Yes, yeah.

And I believe that is a city in Georgia, Vidalia.

Is this the only onion worth eating?

I agree.

It's as much of a city in Georgia as Gooseneck.

It definitely is.

But yeah, you know, I.

But yeah.

That's a great transition.

Thank you very much.

So you want, you're getting back on topic to driving around the beauty queens.

Yeah, well, you know, it's not, it might seem very easy, what I do.

Well, you have a, what class license do you have?

I have a C class.

You have a C class?

OK, great.

Yeah, so normal license.

Just normal license.

Why do they call it a C class when we all have a C class?

Shouldn't it be an A class, like that's the normal?

You know what I mean?

Well, I think the bigger the vehicle, the higher the class.

OK, so C is the lowest it goes?

Or like, when you're driving a golf cart, is that a D class?

I think it's motorcycle's D class.

Motorcycle is D. OK, is there an E?

Golf cart is maybe an E.

Now, it's the reverse Disneyland, because E tickets used to be the best rides.

But that's how they set it up.

You know that.

The DMV's around the country looked at the Disney system, reversed it.

They reversed it.

And then they just reversed it.

Why do they call it the DMV if mainly it's about cars?

Disney.

The Disney of motor vehicles.

Natasha, you are just zoning out right now.

You have no interest in this.

I hate Disneyland.

You hate Disneyland?

Yeah.

What do you hate about it?

I just think Walt Disney just is like a menace.

You know he's not with us anymore.

But still.

But somehow still.

Well, yeah, even our kid took a little class the other day, and they gave her a Mickey Mouse stamp.

I don't want to tell her who Mickey Mouse is.

I'd rather tell her what a butterfly is.

Right.

So you don't want her to know who Mickey Mouse is, who Trump is.

I have a lot to hide from her.

We're going to have to have a crazy conversation.

I don't want her to know who her father is.

So how often do you get the call?

How many parades are there?

Well, you know, I actually was just driving Miss Chicken Togito at the Sweet Pea Jubilee last week.

That was very, very fun.

I'm getting hungry.

Yeah, it's a lot of food-based stuff.

Is it really?

Because there are food sponsors?

What's the industry there at Gooseneck?

Well, I mean, the industry is mostly agriculture.

OK, so that makes sense.

And it's harvest, harvest festivals and stuff, you know.

But I mean, I also drove Miss Duvet Cover at the Collared Green Scream.

So there's also some agriculture, but some just sleeping stuff.

Yeah, the pattern's real off.

How did you get into this?

Well, you know, my dad, I come from a long line of beauty queen drivers.

Really?

Yeah, yeah.

My dad.

Yeah, what generation are you?

Well, me?

What is like three below millennial?

No, I'm not talking about what Generation X or whatever.

I'm talking like how many of your ancestors.

Oh, yeah.

Well, my dad drove Miss TV Dinner at Eisenhower's inauguration.

Whoa.

Your dad drove in Eisenhower's inauguration?

I don't know if he had a permit.

Was he an old dad?

Maybe.

I don't know if my timeline is right on this stuff, because I'm already pretty old.

Oh, I see.

Yeah, you look like a boomer.

I do, yeah.

Well, my dad had me very young.

He had me when I was 12 years old.

That is so young.

That is young.

So you must be very old then.

I am.

But your dad was very young when he had you.

He was.

So you do the math.

I would prefer not to.

You just tell me.

I've done the math.

And my dad's dad drove Miss Steam Powered Train at the No More Polio rodeo.

So that was a.

That's quite a bit of time ago.

Yeah, is that earlier?

Would that make that earlier than that, man?

Yeah, you're the one with all the information.

You tell me.

Sometimes my timeline is off for a short while.

You're right.

Your dad's dad definitely is earlier than your dad.

Yes, yes.

For sure, 100%.

And then you came after your dad.

Yeah, exactly.

Yes, so that lines up.

Do you have children yourself?

I do not.

You do not?

Really?

Is that a choice, childless by choice?

Or is that you just haven't had luck in that department?

I haven't had luck in that department.

Now you have a sweet onion?

You're driving around all these beauty queens.

You think that maybe you could impregnate one of them?

You're just cutting off a slice of that Videlia onion.

The only onion worth eating.

No, no, I don't hit on the queen.

Is that part of your job training?

Absolutely, yes.

You do not hit on the queen.

Do you promise them at the start of the drive that you're not going to do that?

Yes.

I do a long monologue up top.

Really?

Humorous or dramatic?

It's funny.

People end up laughing, but it's supposed to be serious.

I do a big, long monologue up top.

Something at the end?

Yeah, and I do a little bit of movement at the end.

Right, OK.

Movement.

Do you think maybe the reason you've never found love is because you're comparing the women that you date to these beauty queens?

That is, I mean, because I have been around some of the most beautiful women in the world.

You've been right to the left of them.

Yes, right down.

I mean, I have seen the left side of a woman's right left knee so many times.

And I'm not sure right and left how that works out.

Sure, you're an older gentleman.

I mean, I have seen so many beautiful women.

Like Miss Software Update Available.

Oh, that's a more modern one, huh?

Yes, that was pretty new.

I think that was maybe sponsored by the tech industry.

Miss Scary Movie 2.

Oh, so specific.

From the late 90s or early 2000s.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Better than Scary Movie 1, I think.

I don't know.

Really?

The beauty queen or the movie?

The movie.

I'm talking about the movie.

How did the beauty queen compare to?

Worse than the movie, Scary Movie 2.

Worse than the movie.

So you love Scary Movie 2.

I love Scary Movie 2.

What do you like about it?

I like Chris Elliott in that.

Andy Richter?

I mean, I like the way Richter's good in it too.

Richter's in there early on.

David Cross?

James Woods.

Getting stabbed in the ear with a dick?

Yes, yeah.

There's a lot of good jokes in there.

They got a big Firestone scene in there when the...

Firestone?

Do you mean the tire company?

The tire company.

It was hyper specific for that.

OK, so they had product placement.

Yeah.

Or you know how the tires were blowing up for a while?

Oh, OK.

Oh, right.

Yeah.

They have a piece in that that doesn't really hold up, but I still like it.

Because you remember what happened.

I remember it.

And they had the dribbling the basketballs from that Nike commercial that's also pretty...

How often do you watch the movie?

I've watched it a lot.

Do you ever call up the beauty queen and say, hey, you know, do you want to come over?

Yes, yes.

Well, that's what the monologue is about up top.

Like, that's where I crossed over the line.

Oh, it's the mistakes you made with scary movie 2.

Oh, the mistakes I've made.

So you started driving by talking about all the times you've crossed the line with an assurance that you won't this time.

Yes.

And you say, that's funny.

It gets laughs.

It does get laughs.

Yes.

It probably makes them feel comfortable in a way where you're like, here are all the beauty queens that I have taken advantage of.

And I won't do that to you.

And I have learned.

I have learned.

Have you noticed a different response in this post-me too environment?

Yeah, less laughs.

Definitely less laughs in this monologue portion.

It used to be playful.

Oh, I'm just an old guy.

Come on.

It's fun.

You're a lot like comedians now.

They have to change their material.

David Coppa feel.

Yes.

Guess I'm not allowed to do this anymore.

Exactly.

Yeah.

So it's less fun, that monologue up top.

But it still is fun because it's only less fun.

It's fun.

But I mean, I'm still a big deal.

I'm still a big deal around town.

Yeah.

How do you mean?

I mean, I drove Miss Jimmy Dean breakfast bowl the other day.

And I went to my Red Lobster.

And I got a free chocolate lava cake.

So.

What's the progression from that?

You drove her.

Then what happened?

Then immediately you went to Red Lobster?

I think my way.

Immediately.

I put the car in park and I went to my Red Lobster.

Wait, you put it in park after driving her in that tight circle?

And then the Red Lobster was right there?

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

There's a lot of Red Lobsters in my area.

The Red Lobster is where the parade comes to an end.

Yes.

Correct?

Usually.

So there's the two gas stations.

The DQ.

It's a lot of Red Lobsters.

It's a Dairy Queen Red Lobster.

It's like a Taco Bell Pizza Hut thing.

Yes, it's a combo.

Yeah.

And what was I saying?

I don't know.

Oh, I got a free chocolate lava cake.

Yeah, what happened?

So you put it in park.

They saw me.

You walked across the street.

I walked across the street.

Red Lobster.

Now, did you just put it in park or did you turn it off as well?

I turned it off.

My car will overheat.

OK.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Is that a concern when you're driving these?

Yeah, I mean, there's a lot of disasters out there.

When you drive a car, it might overheat.

When you're going real slow in a parade, you might have to find a solution.

I had a.

What?

Did that not make sense?

No, when you're going real slow in a parade, you might have to find a solution.

If it's overheating.

If your car's overheating.

Oh, OK.

Like I was driving Miss Everything Bagel the other day.

Oh, she's one of my people.

Yeah, they have Jews in gooseneck?

Yeah.

Amazing.

That's amazing.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

And I noticed some steam, so I had to cut the engine off.

That's how you make a bagel.

You steam them.

That is true.

I did not know that.

You have to steam them up, Scott.

Did you know that?

Why are you accusing me of not knowing that?

You act like you don't know how bagels are made.

But yeah, so I found this strong kid in the marching band in front of me, and I tied a chain to his tuba, and he pulled me all the way through.

Yeah, he was very strong.

He was a nice kid, you know?

And that was a tough parade, because they don't let anyone drive in the Kentucky for-profit prison parade.

They do not.

Wow.

They do not.

Wow, you've been a part of so many hilarious-sounding festivals.

Yeah, it almost seems like I only have a list of queens and parades and festivals, and I'm smashing them together.

I'm not getting that from you.

This feels like an organic.

No, I'm getting a very deep, rich history.

Yeah.

Of Gooseneck.

What it's like to be in Gooseneck.

What an interesting town to have so many parades with only three businesses.

Well, I do travel around.

I'll go to jail.

You do.

I'll cart my Corvette around to different parades, because if you need a convertible, you got to find a convertible.

This brings me to my next question.

Did you buy the car knowing that this was something you wanted to do one day?

Is that why you bought the convertible?

Yeah.

I mean, I come from a long line of beauty queen drivers.

You're a third in a line of three.

Yes.

And if you don't remember, my granddad is older than my dad.

Right, of course.

If that was confusing.

And I can't remember.

The automobile was invented in the 20s or so, or the 10s or so.

Yes.

It goes back to there?

Yeah.

Well, he had a Model T.

OK.

He had a Model T.

I have a question.

Yes, yeah.

Do you ever drive in any gay pride parades?

I have, yes.

In Gooseneck, they have a gay pride parade?

They do.

That's amazing.

How many people live in Gooseneck?

I think nine.

Nine million.

I always say, I've been by a place.

It's nine million people.

Yeah.

I was going to say, if it's only nine, then their chances are one of them is probably gay.

Well, he's the parade.

It's Tom.

Right.

It's just Tom.

So you've seen this parade.

So he just walks around the block?

He walks around the block.

Throwing confetti?

Yeah, I drove him around the block.

Oh, OK.

So you've driven him?

I have, yes.

Because beauty queens, they don't all have to be female these days.

No.

But Gooseneck is a conservative town.

Did you get any flak from some of the townspeople for participating in the gay pride parade?

I did.

They were like, oh, we don't need to celebrate this.

And I was like, why?

It's just Tom.

He's the most fun part of the damn town.

What's fun about Tom?

He's hilarious.

Really?

In what way?

He just makes jokes.

He keeps the mood light.

You know what I mean?

He does a great sexual harassment monologue.

He's like, it's one of the funniest.

Oh, yeah.

It's really, really funny.

And people still laugh at this one.

Oh, Moshe, you know him too?

I know Tom, yeah.

I know Tom and I know Miss Everything Bagel.

Yes, you do know Miss Everything Bagel.

I know the two of them.

You're two interests.

Yeah.

But yeah, it's a tough job.

You have to stay sharp.

In what way?

Do you find yourself practicing driving or practicing sitting next to beautiful women?

Well, you have to do a little bit of both.

I have a simulator.

It's like a flight simulator.

Sure.

Yeah, you just input what you want to practice.

And computer graphics will come up and change?

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

So let's say you want to drive Miss Garlic Aioli.

Sure.

These are getting less fun.

Well, I mean, you're just going in order chronologically, right?

That's true.

They're not all going to work in the BlackBerry anniversary.

Pretty normal festival.

Sure, of course.

So you choose that and then you're sent some obstacles.

Now, do you have an assignment?

You're like, I better prep for this one in particular.

And so you enter those?

Yes, exactly.

Exactly.

So you'll be just throwing things like, oh, no, parade marshal Steven Seagal is running late.

So we need to stall.

So what do I do?

What do I do?

Do you drive slow or do you put it in your aforementioned park?

Yeah, you can put it in park, but you usually just hit the brakes.

You just hit the brakes.

You hit the brakes.

And do you stay on the brakes?

You can ride the brake a little bit, but you've got to practice.

You've got to practice this stuff.

What else happens in your simulator?

What else?

Or is that the only example that you have?

That's kind of what?

Steven Seagal, Garlic Aioli, BlackBerry Festival.

Yeah, I'm not good at computer programming, so I've just been practicing that one.

Well, you have to program the computer every time.

So you created this simulator?

Yes, yeah, I built this.

Oh.

Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.

That's the demo software.

If you want to go beyond Steven Seagal, Garlic Aioli, and BlackBerry, you have to pay.

You have to program it yourself.

Yeah, and I haven't been able to unlock that.

You have to unlock it.

I always hit the gas, and then you ran over Steven Seagal.

You ran him over.

And unlike some video games, you don't get points for it.

No, that's a bad thing.

You're penalized for it.

Yeah.

But yeah, I mean, it's a tough job.

There's a lot of competition out there.

You keep saying that it's a tough job.

Tough job.

It's kind of what I reset with.

Oh, I understand.

Yeah.

It's a lot of older men with convertibles in my area.

I just lost.

Really, so there's competition?

Yes, yes.

I just lost out driving Miss Hello Fresh in the corn salad commemoration to Nate Waters.

Nate Waters?

Yes, he's very good.

What kind of car does he have?

He's got a 57 Chevy.

Oh.

Classic.

Big, nice, it's about 60 feet long.

60 feet long?

I think that big, you know.

He's Roger's older brother, right?

He is.

You know Pink Floyd?

Come on, Scott.

Keep up.

Oh, I see why.

Pink Floyd.

Of course I knew who Pink Floyd is.

Stop accusing me.

I didn't know who Pink Floyd is.

I knew who Bay Snacker was.

OK, I'm just making sure.

Yeah.

I mean, he is his older brother, and he's known for his steady hand.

And he'll wink at parade goers.

He'll wink at parade goers?

Do you not do that?

No, no, no, no.

You don't want to close those eyes.

Well, I started to, yeah.

But it can get dangerous, you know?

Yeah, especially if you double wink.

Yes.

And you keep them closed.

You will crash.

Yeah.

But yeah, we're currently both submitted to drive Miss Undercooked Chicken in the Homeland Security hoedown next week.

No one wants Undercooked Chicken.

Like, it seems like.

I know, it seems like.

It seems like it's almost the wrong kind of thing to me.

Yeah.

But I mean, but that's what some.

Because it can make you sick.

Well, some of these pageants are like a beware of this.

Oh, so the salmonella pageant is not celebrating salmonella.

No, no, no, no.

Oh, OK.

That makes sense.

What are they called salmonella when salmon is there in the title when it could be about anything?

Yeah, it could be like tuna-ella.

Tuna-ella.

Exactly.

Shrimp-ella.

Well, thanks for coming by.

Thank you so much for having me.

You stick around?

Yeah, I would love to.

We have to take a break.

Was that all that you wanted to talk about?

Or did you have little wisps and strays here?

I got little wisps and strays, but I better hold on to them.

This thing isn't over.

Yeah, there's still a half hour left.

All right, we need to take a break.

When we come back, we'll have just a regular person that I met.

So that's exciting.

I mean, you're kind of like a regular person.

You don't, I mean.

Well, not to the wait staff at Red Lobster.

You got that free chocolate volcano.

Yeah, I'm a big deal.

All right, we'll be right back with more Comedy Bang Bang after this.

Comedy Bang Bang, we're back here.

We have Moshe Kasher and Natasha, Natty Legs, Leggero here.

And we also have Fred Head here, who you've just been like kind of in your own head during the break.

What have you been thinking about?

You've just been.

I've just been kind of mulling over some things I've submitted for.

And you know.

Possible job opportunities.

Yeah.

Yeah, like what?

Well, I'm supposed to drive Miss Lost Apple TV remote.

Miss Apple TV remote at 10% better?

Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.

Yeah, those are two different.

Two different ones at the Big Couch Festival.

The Big Couch Festival.

So those two go together.

Those kind of go together.

It's almost like there's a team of comedy writers coming up with these festivals.

Well, no, but that particular parade was created by two comedians.

The Big Couch Festival.

It was Lily Tomlin and Gallagher.

Because they both had those in their act.

So they made a parade about it.

Exactly.

Yes, thank you.

I appreciate that.

Well, we need to get to our next guest.

And this is exciting.

Because a lot of times I have people in the entertainment industry or entrepreneurs.

It seems like those are the two jobs that I talk to all the time.

I'm glad you're not an entrepreneur, even though you do have your own business, Fred.

No, I am in entertainment.

That's great framing for that.

But this person is just a regular person.

And sometimes I like to have just interesting people that I meet on the street.

And this is someone that I met doing karaoke the other night.

Have you ever been to Howl at the Moon?

In City Walk.

In City Walk?

I love City Walk.

Love it.

It's so fun.

It's so classy.

Such a wonderful place.

Oh, yeah.

The kids dancing to shots, shots, shots, shots, shots, shots well into the midnight hour.

And then you walk right over and you can get saltwater taffy.

If you want.

Anything you want.

Go to the John Lovitz Comedy Club.

Yeah, I love it.

I think that's closed.

Well, unfortunately closed now.

But please welcome to the show Sophie Purell.

Thanks, Scott.

Thanks for having me so much.

Where are you from?

I'm from Leeds, yeah.

You're from Leeds?

I've been bouncing around here for a while.

Oh, sure.

I've been in London for a while.

And I've been in the US for about two years.

Two years?

How do you like it here?

Oh, I love it.

I've had my heart broken so many times, Scott.

God, I love it.

This place is incredible.

You love it.

I bounce around City Walk all the time.

And I don't have a job, so.

You don't have a job?

Yeah, we didn't get to talk.

You were so kind to me, Scott.

I was a mess.

I was a right mess, Scott.

You were just so sweet to me.

I mean, it's an interesting story of what exactly happened.

Yeah, we were waiting in line in the bathroom.

Waiting in line?

Yeah.

For different bathrooms.

Different bathrooms.

Yeah, I love.

One was unisex and one was women's.

That's right.

Yeah.

But I love to talk cross bathroom.

And Scott, I was just a right mess.

What did you say?

I love to talk across the bathroom?

Cross bathrooms.

Yeah, cross lines.

Yeah.

And I had just been broken up with.

That's one of your interests?

Yeah, yeah.

Well, you meet the best people, cross lines.

Yeah.

Cross lines?

Cross lines.

Cross bathroom, yeah.

I'm using the American word.

Is that wrong?

Yeah, no.

Cross lines.

No, thank you.

I appreciate it.

Excuse, you're right.

Yeah.

Excuse.

You think you'd be able to get a job with a skill set like that?

Well, yeah, but I don't have a green card.

Cross bathroom queen.

Oh.

Yeah.

I was once waiting in line for brunch and I met someone waiting in line for an iPhone.

Right?

Yeah.

Yeah, you never know.

Where were they waiting?

Which of the three businesses?

No, I was waiting for brunch and they were waiting for the Apple Store.

Oh, you guys have an Apple Store in Gooseneck?

Yeah.

Oh.

You never mentioned that.

Well, that just didn't seem important.

Oh, OK.

You got to mention these things, bro.

Yeah, sorry.

Sorry.

All right.

So Sophie, yeah, we met each other in separate lines.

Yeah, and I was crying.

I was so upset.

And I'm not going to go back to that place today because you really helped me through there.

But yeah, I was going for a break up.

You don't mean Howl at the Moon?

No, I'll be back there tonight.

Oh, OK.

Yeah, you just mean emotionally.

And mostly I'm not going to take it to that place again.

Good, good.

Yeah.

It was kind of a lighthearted comedy show.

It was, yeah.

What was your issue if you?

Well, yeah, I mean, I'd just gotten broken up with.

I really thought he was the one and I just.

Yeah.

Who's this guy?

Oh, his name's Charles Petrie.

I mean, we could go through.

Charles Petrie.

I bought some of his stuff, actually.

I was hoping we could all help me through this kind of thing I'm going through right now.

OK.

I brought some of the stuff that, I don't know, we just some mementos of our relationship that maybe I brought.

What do you have here?

Is that a box or what?

Yeah, we're going to burn it.

Oh, you brought gasoline.

I wonder what that smell was.

Yeah, and we're just going to burn some of his stuff right now.

I hope that's OK.

I don't know.

It might set you aloft.

I think it'll just help me through the healing process.

OK, with me.

Just maybe unscrew the alarm.

OK, yeah, let's dismantle the fire.

You guys don't mind, right?

No.

It's not my first podcast where somebody's lit an effigy a bunch of their ex-boyfriend's stuff on fire.

Well, you guys have a romance podcast, don't you?

We're perfect for this, honestly.

Yeah.

Advice columnists.

So you can't really help me through this.

Honestly, we always tell people that they should get whatever stuff is left around and get some gasoline.

And burn it.

Dismantle the oil.

Well, there's one thing you're missing.

Get on Comedy Bang Bang.

And burn it on there.

Burn it on that podcast.

We always say that.

So what did you bring here, Sophie?

Well, the first thing I brought was his key fob.

Oh, yeah.

This has some keys.

Because it's plastic, though, isn't it?

That's going to smell when it burns.

Yeah, it might smell.

Well, I don't know.

I figure we can all endure it for a little bit.

Just some bad smells, some bad memories.

It's cool with me.

By the way, he's not the authority on this.

You should probably be checking with me.

Yeah, it's OK, Scott.

It's good to know that it's cool with you.

I'll let you know if something bothers me.

OK.

Yeah, I brought his key fob because he loved his Jeep.

And I brought both of them.

He loved his Jeep?

Yeah.

OK, that's open, much like his Camaro.

Oh, yeah.

Yes.

You can drive a beauty queen on top of a Jeep.

Well, if you want to throw your key fob in there, too, you can.

No.

That's cool with me.

Scott, is that OK with you?

That's fine with me.

Yeah, throw your key fob in there.

Put it in there.

Yeah, you know, he hid the other one from me, but I found it.

And I thought.

He had two key fobs?

Yeah, yeah.

You only get two key fobs.

And then if you want another one, you have to pay for it.

By law?

Oh, I didn't know that.

Yeah, they're really expensive.

Are you doing this to get revenge on him a little bit?

I'm just doing it because my heart's broken.

I'm just saying, why not light his Jeep on fire?

Because I couldn't fit it in my bag.

Oh, that makes sense.

And he loved his Jeep, so I thought, I'll get the cost of staying the key fob.

So we have both key fobs here.

So I'm just going to throw them in.

OK, throw them in to where?

Into my recycling bin.

Into your recycle?

Oh, you brought a recycling bin.

OK, and that's what we're going to burn.

OK.

That's plastic too.

Yeah.

Is that OK, Scott?

I don't know.

We got to check with Fred over here.

That's cool with me.

I met him at the library.

I was there for the computers because I get there early for the computers for the Wi-Fi.

Your day seems to consist of going to the library, being on the Wi-Fi, computers.

So they kick me off.

And then it's city walk time.

All day.

Margaritaville.

You don't need a green card to get on the computers at the library?

Not at all.

No, I have a really good American accent too.

Oh, let's hear it.

Hello.

Oh, wow.

Hey, right this way.

Hello, my name is Sophie.

You might want to try doing a Southern accent because as far as I know, those are really easy to do.

They're very nuanced and hard.

Yeah, that sounds like when an American tries to do a British accent or something like that, you should end up sounding stupid.

Hello.

Yeah, yeah.

Oh, no.

That was not bad.

Oh, hello.

That was not bad, Scott.

I'm the queen.

That was proper good, Scott.

Key fob.

OK, now you're making fun of me.

No, no, not at all.

Sophie, what's your song at Howlin' at the Moon?

Well, I usually cycle through the whole Whitney Houston catalog.

The entire thing, so D-cuts?

As long as they'll let me, yeah.

Oh, OK, wow.

Wait, you cycle through?

How many times will you go up on them one night?

I mean, it depends on how many tourists are there, how many people, how many times they realize that name that I put in is really my name and not just an alias.

You know, I put up a few names.

Oh, you're putting up an alias.

So what's your favorite alias that you use?

Oh, Mariah Carey.

Oh, wow.

They must be so excited when they think Mariah's good.

Oh, it's a bit sad.

Yeah, right.

Yeah, it can turn.

It can turn.

Would you sing the entirety of I Will Always Love You right now?

Absolutely.

Yeah.

I would love to hear that.

That's one of my favorite songs.

From start to finish, everything from start to finish.

Because we all know the beginning part before it goes into.

Yeah, it's very recognizable.

I believe the children.

No, a totally different song.

Does it start with, if I say good?

No, no.

I hope.

This is all, and this is what you do when you sing.

No, this is a deconstruction.

I think the lyrics search for cheaters.

Yeah, when they do the lyrics on screen.

You don't use those.

No, no, I really.

I just say, pour out of my heart.

It depends on how many drinks I've had, really.

Because sometimes it's right there when you reach down into it.

Right, yeah.

Right there.

But other times, you really struggle.

Anyway, I also brought a library book.

The library book he was reading when I saw him.

Oh, so you met at the library.

That's where you're on the computers.

What was he reading?

Oh, Stranger in a Strange Land.

Oh, wonderful book.

I thought, that's me, Robert Heinlein.

I thought, that's me, that's me.

I'm that woman.

And I could talk to him.

So yeah.

I brought that in his library card.

What were your first words to him?

Did you approach him in the library and say, hey, Stranger in a Strange Land, that's actually me.

That's crazy.

That's what I said.

Really?

Yeah, Scott.

That's exactly what I would say.

Well, it worked.

OK.

It worked for a bit, and then it didn't.

Anyway.

What was the trouble between you and Charles Petrie?

I think he was mad because his stuff kept going missing.

And he kept blaming it on me.

I was like, yeah, yeah, I have your wallet.

This is almost like the tail wagging the dog in a way, because you're stealing stuff in order to burn it in case he breaks up with you.

I just want something to remember him by.

Oh.

A memento.

Right.

So you took his wallet.

I took his wallet.

I took his real California ID, the new one he got.

His real one.

The real ID.

Oh, the real ID that you used to travel with.

Yeah, the new one.

Oh.

You had to get.

Yeah.

That's hard to get.

Yeah, they are.

You got to take multiple forms of identity up there.

That's right.

That's terrible.

Well, I just thought.

You suddenly, he was, everything was cool with Fred over here for a while.

And you just darkened.

You expect me to find my DWP bill and my passport?

That's not cool with me.

No, no, no.

Well, I just thought because.

It's either that's cool with me or no, no, no.

OK, I like your catchphrases.

Well, I'm happy it's not up to you then, because I took all three of those things.

I have them here with me today.

Really?

Yeah.

Throw them in the bin.

Thank you.

I will.

Throw them in the bin.

I have his computer charger.

He's never going to get it back to the Disney MV.

You have a what?

His computer charger.

Yeah, and his iPhone.

Those are like $80.

Yeah, could I actually have that?

Because I need an extra one.

Yeah, let's not burn it.

Yeah, I'll use it, and I won't.

And I'll use it in.

OK, well, let's pretend that we're burning it.

OK.

And we can kill it.

Yeah, down you go.

He's been to Burning Man, so he knows.

Yeah, I know Burning, believe me.

There you go.

We had such a sweet time at the Apple Store that one time.

So I thought, you know, it's like something.

You had a good time at the Apple Store with Charles Petrie?

Charles Petrie.

You know, I just.

The one at the City Walk or the one in Gooseneck, Georgia?

Yeah, which one?

Oh, I mean, I've never left Los Angeles.

OK.

Yeah.

But it seems like a really great place.

But there isn't one at City Walk.

Oh.

So where did you go to this Apple Store?

The Grove.

Oh.

The Grove.

What do the people at City Walk think about you going to the Grove?

Oh, I don't tell them that, Scott.

Oh, of course.

Yeah.

Yeah, the City Walk is pretty snooty.

It's.

Yeah.

Yeah, that Dylan's candy bar will get really pissed at you.

Exactly.

Yeah, or like try to go into Lids, you know, with an attitude.

Popcornopolis.

Sketchers.

That's where the celebrities go anyway.

Boy, we know more stores than Mal McCartney almost.

A recent guest on the show who knew maybe three stores.

My friend Howard Kramer would always make me go to the Jimmy Buffett restaurant.

Margaritaville.

Margaritaville, they only played Jimmy Buffett videos the entire time.

Yeah, his entire discography.

I didn't know he was such a bad dresser.

Hawaiian shirts.

Yeah, that's all he does.

Ouch.

No shoes.

But he's such a good musician, it's just weird that he looks so bad.

What do you feel about that, Fred?

You don't like crushed coconut buttons and a big flowy Tommy Bahama?

How do you feel about that, Fred?

No, no, no.

Thank you.

You know what men don't like?

Honestly, if I could give you a little bit of relationship advice.

Men don't like theft.

One of the things that we like.

Pretty much all the crimes.

Universally.

That's fair, Scott.

Honestly, my view is a little narrow.

And hearing you say it, I kind of realize you're right.

Like men in general, and actually, I'm going to widen it a bit more.

People in general don't like crimes of any sort done to them.

Yeah.

I mean, sodomy is criminalized in certain states.

Some like that.

Georgia?

Tom.

Legal.

And how do you feel about that?

I'm OK with it.

That's not one of your catchphrases.

I mean, what was it?

That's cool with me or no, no, no.

That's cool with me.

All right, Fred.

Well, guess what?

He stole my heart.

Oh, wow.

And then he broke it.

Yeah.

I mean, if you look at it that way, he's the thief of hearts.

Yeah.

And then he's the breaker of hearts.

So he just destruction of property.

That's right.

So I took his insulin.

I have it.

His insulin?

I have it right here.

We're going to burn it.

I don't want to burn someone's insulin.

What do you mean?

We're going to burn it.

He could die.

Yeah, he needs that.

I'm dying right now on the inside.

But on the outside, he'll die.

Yeah, but what's different is emotions.

Well, maybe he'll be alive on the inside.

Yeah, emotional death, a spiritual death, a physical death.

Is that how diabetes works?

I think so.

You die on the outside, but your inner core stays alive.

Well, I'm not comfortable burning that.

Well, what about his Ativan?

His Ativan?

Yeah, I have that too.

I took anything that shakes.

OK.

I don't.

Yeah.

I'm not comfortable with some of this stuff.

I mean, you know.

Scott, he was so sweet to me.

How am I going to get released?

If it was stuff like a sweater that he loaned you or his favorite band t-shirt, OK, that's fine.

I took his favorite vinyl.

Oh, really?

Bob Dylan, Free-Wheelin' Time.

Is that what it's called?

The Free-Wheelers?

Not really.

But OK, that's his favorite?

That's his favorite.

See, I would burn that.

We're going to burn it?

Yeah.

So that's not so much of an escalation.

That seems fine.

Yeah, I mean, he played it all the time.

It says his father's ashes are inside of this album.

Wait, no, no.

I can't.

No, that's not cool with me, AKA no, no, no.

That's a no, no, no.

Wait, to her credit, it doesn't matter if you burn someone's ashes.

Like, it's pre-burned.

They're still, you're just adding some ashes.

Could you, wait, could you, what happens if you burn ashes?

Are there less ashes or there's more ashes suddenly?

Now you've got dad, fob, ativan, it's a whole mixture.

No, I'm saying if you don't add anything to it, you just have ashes, then you burn those ashes.

Do you have more or less ashes at the end of the process?

More.

You have more?

So you could just burn ashes in eternity and then the whole world would be made of ashes?

That's what's happening.

That's global warming.

Whoa.

I didn't believe in it until now.

Elizabeth Warren has got a plan to get rid of these ashes.

She does.

I think it also depends on what you burn.

And you burn a bird and the bird might come back.

I'm sorry, when you say bird, do you mean like a British woman?

Oh, no.

Because it sounds like you've been on Love Island.

Oh, I love that show.

Correct.

We love it too.

We've watched the entire British season.

Yeah.

I'm just starting season three.

Sounds like you got mugged off.

Well, I was told to start with season three.

Who's telling you this?

A blog.

We started watching Love Island and we were like eight episodes in and fully sucked in.

We were told to watch the one that's on CBS, but we can't get it because we don't have cable.

So we started watching.

CBS is not on DirecTV now.

They've dropped it.

Is that true?

Yes.

That's insane.

I have to watch these shows online now.

We couldn't even buy it.

So then we started the British version.

And we were like eight or nine episodes in and we're like, this is really good.

We're like sucked in.

And then we clicked on the thing that said more episodes.

No, because we were like, there's still a lot of people in the house.

Yeah, we started noticing not a lot of people have been eliminated here.

And we clicked on the thing that says more episodes, 35 episodes.

The next season.

Per season?

No, that's the small season.

The next season, 54 episodes.

That's too many episodes.

It's like on nightly.

But Moshe has this great hack that he figured out, which is once we watched the Nine, then we just searched for the recap.

So then we'd skip five episodes.

And they still include all the funny fighting.

And if you haven't watched Love Island, what it is, basically these people are trying to steal each other's boyfriends away.

They're all like couples.

They're making couples.

I'm sorry, this must be really hard for you.

This must be so painful.

So painful for you.

All we were trying to do is tell the listeners of Comedy Bang Bang what Love Island is.

And for some reason, your collateral damage.

Yes, we're so sorry.

Because you're on your own Love Island right now.

And you're a single castaway.

I'm all alone.

You're wasting away again in Margaritaville.

Maybe you could audition for season five.

Do you think they'd have me?

Probably not.

Maybe you could go back to where you came from, as people are very fond of saying these days.

And you could be on the Love Island there.

I've heard they have an American version.

They do.

But you don't have a green card, so you wouldn't be able to participate, unfortunately.

Right, it's Citizens Only on reality TV.

That's just the way it is.

Oh, but you could.

But there is one unmarried person on this panel who could maybe marry you and give you a green card.

That is true.

And he's Fred.

No, no, no.

Fred, why?

Fred.

Come on, I'm seeing someone right now.

You are?

You didn't talk about that.

I know, I'm breaking my own.

Is it miscanned mushroom soup?

It's not.

It's close, though.

It's mistogo tater tots.

So you violated your own rule.

When you want tater tots, but you don't have time to eat them, they're in the restaurant.

Yes, exactly.

And you usually have eaten a few, but you take a few.

No, you're talking about Togo the restaurant, aren't you?

Oh, yes, sorry, yes.

Yeah, it's tater tots that you get at Togo's.

Typically, I think a sandwich place.

Yeah, no, it is a sandwich.

You have never gotten the Togo tater tot sub?

It's a 12 inch long French roll that's just completely stuffed with tater tots and mayonnaise.

It's delicious.

It's as good as it sounds.

And tots will fall off, and then you get them to go.

Tots will fall off.

A very good leader in the late 80s.

Tots will fall off.

Tots will fall off, yes.

A leader.

Yes.

Well, look, we're coming to the end of the show here.

Sophie, I'm so sorry.

It's OK.

Do you mind if I light up?

Yeah, light up while we do the plugs.

We have, like I said, only one final feature on the show.

It's a little something called plugs.

Ever think about the sheer amount of plugs that have been plugged?

Over the course of nine years of this show, and if so, does it make your head feel like it might explode?

My mind can't grasp it, can't comprehend it.

To the point of madness, is it infinite?

Oh, how many plugs have there been, baby?

How many plugs have there been?

Oh.

That is the best plug song ever.

I thought you'd say cut it in half and you got something.

That was How Many Plugs Have There Been by Flyer Captain.

Thank you so much, Flyer Captain.

They just send you these great songs?

Yeah, every week.

That's amazing.

They're amazing.

Yeah, and then we have a really great song when we close up the plug bag.

That's even better than those.

All right, guys, what are we plugging?

Tash.0, Natty Legs?

Well, Moshe and I have our podcast, the Endless Honeymoon Podcast.

It comes out on what day of the week?

We come out on Mondays.

Mondays.

And if you want to be on the show, you can call us and leave a message, we'll call you back.

213-222-8608.

You can be on our show.

It's on Spotify and Apple.

And then Moshe and I are also going to be in London, August 12th through the 20th at the Soho Theater.

Yeah, come see us.

It's Natasha doing stand up, then me doing stand up, and we'll do a live roast sesh with couples.

So it's a lot of fun.

There is no better time at the theater than to see the two of you.

So if you're out there one of our many fans in London, I would get there post-haste, certainly.

Thank you.

All right, let's see.

Fred Head, what do you have to plug?

Well, you know, I think I should plug season four of Bajillion Dollar Properties, which was the lost season.

How do you know about this?

Well, I was a big SISO head.

Oh, what did you like on SISO?

Break it down.

Well, I love, what else?

I like Take My Wife.

What else?

Eddie Pepitone special.

What else?

Pepitone special was good.

The UCB show.

Yes, the UCB show.

Brent Winebox, Appealing to the Mainstream.

Yes, that was really good.

You know Scott's actually connected to the billion dollar thing.

I don't know if you know this, but I was the executive producer of that show.

I did know that.

Did you know that?

Yeah.

Yeah, I did know that.

Well, one of the great things, I don't know of you, is this why you're talking about it?

But today, the fourth Unseen Season is now available on Pluto TV.

So and people can get it on demand, or they can watch it today.

And no one has ever seen these.

Are all the episodes like back to back to back tonight?

I think they're airing them starting tonight, but you can get them on demand as well.

This is exciting.

I love that show.

Thank you.

That's so cool that you're so into that show.

And Scott, that you produced, that's just such a beautiful collection.

Wow.

It's right up my alley.

I give it a whatever my positive catch phrase was.

I'm into it.

That's cool with me, I think.

That's cool with me.

You know, if a catch phrase isn't sticking in your mind, maybe it's time to move on.

Because no, no, no is pretty easy to remember.

Well, yeah, it is.

Although you couldn't earlier.

I couldn't.

I still can't.

But I'm also driving Miss Big Plate of Fries at For the Table Festival.

For the Table Festival.

So that'll be exciting.

Look for me there.

That's great.

And anything else to plug?

Or is that?

I think that's it.

That's it.

All right.

Sophie, what do you have to plug?

Yeah, not much.

You can plug up my heart, I guess.

I mean, you can plug.

I do a lot of duets with a girl named Ellie.

And you can follow her on Twitter if you want to.

A lot of duets in the Whitney Houston catalog.

I remember she did one with Bobby Brown.

Yeah.

Well, we do that one over and over and over again.

Oh, OK.

Yeah.

You know, we do other things, too.

We do some Marvin Gaye stuff.

Oh, really?

Yeah.

So once you blow through the entire Whitney Houston catalog.

Yeah.

Then we'll get up and we'll do.

Cycle through, I think is what she said.

Right.

Yeah.

Oh, sorry.

I didn't mean to.

Thanks.

Yeah.

Yeah, you can follow her, Ellie Woods, PhD.

PhD on the various social platforms.

OK, great.

I want to plug Comedy Bang Bang Tour is kicking off, very soon kicking off this month, myself, Paula Tompkins and Lauren Lapkus.

We're all going on the road.

And the first three shows we have Eggie Wodum, Eggie Boom.

Eggo Wodum is coming with us to the first three shows.

Those are August 21st in Boston Medford, August 22nd in Providence, Rhode Island, and August 23rd in New Haven, Connecticut.

Eggo will be there with us on those.

And then we have September 5th, Kansas City, Missouri, September 6th, St. Paul.

That one is sold out, but we added a second show, September 7th in St. Paul, and then September 8th in Chicago.

And then this is very exciting.

We can finally announce our New York date.

We're going to be live at the New York Comedy Festival on November 8th.

That's at the Beacon in New York.

So we'll be there for that with other special guests.

And then we're doing Philadelphia on November 11th and Washington DC on November 12th.

No better time at the theater in America than the Comedy Band Band Tour.

Thank you so much.

If you go to Europe, England, things are a little different.

Yeah, things are a little.

But in America, big time.

Thank you so much.

And also very soon, the Between Two Ferns movies coming out September 20th.

All right, let's close up the old plug bag.

Close your eyes and open up that bag.

You gotta get those eyes closed.

Open up that bag.

Get them.

Don't be closing.

Open up that bag.

Let's get loaded.

Open up that bag.

Open up that motherfucking bag.

Open up that bag.

That was a great song.

Yeah.

All right, no one's adding on to it.

OK.

Guys, I want to thank you so much.

Natasha and Moshe, it's so good to see you guys.

Thank you for coming on the show.

Thanks for having us.

Always love to have you.

And Fred had, what can one say, but.

No, no, no.

Well, I would prefer that's cool with me.

If you could have remembered it.

I almost had it.

Why will my brain not retain that one?

I'm not quite sure.

You said it so many times in a row.

And then when it was upon you to remember something.

Maybe you're a positive person.

When you made it official.

Yeah.

Yeah, maybe you're just too positive of a person.

I am too positive to remember.

You don't want to say something's cool with you?

No, I get so excited when I'm positive, my brain goes blank.

Yeah, I get it.

That's what it is.

And Sophie Purell, so good to see you.

Thanks for having us.

Yeah, you started the fire here.

Yeah, sorry about the smell.

I'm a little bit of a Billy Joel.

And.

Sorry about the smell.

Yeah, it smells terrible.

It's very, very terrible.

I brought some lighter fluid.

It's just intense.

We love to grill, so.

And that's, it's very, very high.

It's all the way up to the ceiling at this point.

Yeah, don't touch, don't get too close.

It's kind of turning the ceiling black, I noticed.

Yeah.

It's very.

If you get tired, just take a nap, lie down.

All right, maybe we should get out of this room.

I brought some tax returns too.

They always lock us in whenever we start a podcast.

So none of us can.

No, no, no.

That's not new with me.

Okay, we'll see you next time.

Bye.

Who is this, Ozzy Osbourne?

No.

Bye.

All right, see you next time, bye.

Yeah.
