♪ When life gives you limes, you can make limeade or maybe a nice key lime pie.

It's up to you, I don't care. Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

Thanks to Animal for that catchphrase submission.

I wonder if it's Animal from The Muppet Show.

It probably is.

Yeah, sounded like it.

As I recall, he said a few words during his career, during the oeuvre of Animal.

He wouldn't just say Animal, although he did say he repeated that quite often, as I recall. Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

That's my own catchphrase submission.

I don't think that one's going to stick.

We have a wonderful show today.

Coming up a little later, we have an entrepreneur and we also have a I'm not quite sure how to describe him, but both returning guests that have been on the show before.

But before we get to them, by the way, I am Scott Aukerman.

Welcome to the show.

This is second week of Augie Dogie.

Here we are in the throes of Augie Dogie.

None can really dispute that.

And I'm looking at all three of my initial guests here, and they're all nodding their heads obediently that we are in the throes of Augie Dogie.

We have three very special guests here on the show.

One has been on before and the other two are making their first appearances, I believe.

They are both stars and one is a I believe a producer of the upcoming HBO.

It's not a television show, though, because it's not TV. It's HBO. Right.

So it's so I don't know what it exactly is.

A lot of people are calling it a television show.

They are? Yeah, I don't like it.

How dare they? Yeah.

Yeah, that's just because the landscape is so muddy, but it's going to rise above that landscape.

OK, the cream rises to the top, of course.

Always fingers crossed when it comes to coffee.

That is the upcoming piece of content, the righteous gemstones, which comes out this Sunday on HBO.

Please welcome to the show Adam Devine, who has been on the show before.

I have. Yes. Tim Balz has never been on the show before.

Never.

Edie Patterson has never been on the show before.

No. Welcome, guys.

Thanks. Let's just have fun.

Adam, I guess you've been on once, so you've taken it upon yourself to welcome them.

Let's just have fun with it.

OK. All right. That's the most important.

I don't. I take this pretty seriously, but I want you guys to.

Oh, OK. We're going to take our cues from you.

OK. Adam, I do have to say he took it very, very seriously the last time he did it.

You came in more prepared than any guest that I've ever had before.

So many notes. I have a lot of rewritten notes.

You come in with notes on the show before we record.

Yeah, before before it happens.

I want to make sure your notes are addressed.

Questions that I think you might ask just so I'm very, very prepared.

Right. Thank you.

And I have a list here of the questions that you thought I might ask.

Yeah. Not the questions you want asked the questions you thought I might ask.

That I have to be prepared for. Much like a politician.

Right, right, right.

This is almost like a true debate in a way.

I treat my career as if I'm running for office.

That's why I leak my own nudes so I can get ahead of it.

You know, I put I put my own nudes in movies.

So I can get in front of it.

I believe I saw one of your last films.

It had a long extended nude scene.

Thank you for saying long.

Oh, you mean now?

I mean, in minutes, obviously.

And it was several it seemed several minutes.

Usually a nude scene in a movie is like it's about seven minutes.

Usually they're three seconds.

Like you see the side of a boob or something.

No, I really wanted you to see all the flippy flappy angles.

Well, and did you write that scene in particular? Was that?

We did. Yeah.

What project was that?

Wasn't improv.

I wasn't on the day going, hey, what is you know what?

The time is now taking balls out.

Yeah, we we wrote that scene like we were.

We wrote that movie over like the course of six years.

So like six years. Yeah.

So what is it like?

So you think it'd be better?

Like a line a day?

Yeah, it was just a lot of dumb drafts that we just kept.

It got less stupid.

So if you believe that really what project are we talking about, by the way?

Well, Game Over Man on Netflix, currently on Netflix will always be on Netflix.

It's going to live there for unless they take it down for some weird reason, which I heard they started doing with their original.

So I don't know. Really?

They want to watch out because I heard they'll they'll maybe pull some stuff if there's a lot of dick and balls in it.

Oh, well, then I'm in a lot of trouble.

Is there a way to cut around that scene or is it pretty like it's important to the plot? Yeah, it really is. Yeah.

Well, it was at what point did you say, hey, I'm going to write this scene into it.

And were your co-writers like, no, please don't do that.

Or were they saying, yes, yes, yes.

I wish I had when we were just like brainstorming.

I like big, dumb ideas for the movie.

That was like one of the that in like shaggy singing.

It wasn't me at gunpoint was like, those are the two ideas that just stuck through every draft.

Every single draft had those two things.

And at one point, if Shaggy had not wanted to do the film, would you have been just crestfallen or?

Well, we had a backup with Cisco.

Oh, singing It Wasn't Me.

Yeah, he was. Yeah.

What's your number three?

There was no number three.

There is no number three to Shaggy nor Cisco.

Wow. No one can follow those two.

Yeah. But let's look.

Those are old projects. Those are old.

We're not. I mean, we're here to talk about new things.

And you guys are all in something new now.

The Righteous Gemstones.

This is coming out this weekend.

And I saw the pilot just the other day, an hour long pilot, twice as long, right as the show.

Is that true? Yeah.

And it stars Danny McBride.

It stars John Goodman.

It stars the three of you.

It stars Cassidy Freeman and other people.

Yeah. Yeah. Did I miss anyone?

No, no, no. It's a good list.

Tony Cavallaro. Tony Cavallaro.

Yeah. And you play a you're all in a family.

I guess, Tim, you're sort of adjunct family.

Marrying into the family.

Adam and Edie, you play brother and sister.

That's right.

I'd see I don't really see a real resemblance between the two of you.

Was that an issue in casting or?

Dark hair, dark eyes.

So we we could be related.

Once I get my my Judy Gemstone hair on, we really could be related.

And Judy Gemstone hair, that's not a term like a hairdressing term that I just don't know.

It is your character.

You've never heard of the gemstone.

It's a thing you can ask for in salons.

Like the Rachel.

Yeah. Are you hoping you'll mostly just leave with your hair?

Very curly and shorter than it was.

Is that is it a wig or is it your actual like hair that they do?

It's been kind of both. We did it for like a month on the pilot.

These are the kind of questions that I like to ask about a project.

Is that a wig? Yeah.

And then later it was a very nice wig.

The people want to know, you know, listen to comedy.

Bang, bang. Want to know, where did you stash your sides when you were filming scenes?

This is what I listen to this. I'm always like, Scott, how do you do it?

How do you do it? How do you do it?

Tim, you, of course, you, of course, were a cast member of the Bajillion Dollar Property Show, which, by the way, is now out on Pluto TV.

Season is the unseen. Season four is now out.

Unearthed and unseen, unearthed, unseen, unwanted, perhaps.

But it's out there.

You played Glenn on the show for people who don't know your previous work. Notorious Beta.

Ah, notorious power bottom.

Just twisted off.

And now had any of you worked together before doing this show or is it?

Edie and I had met once. Really? Where?

Backstage at Groundlings. Backstage at Groundlings.

Very briefly, though, like didn't even do a show together.

It just sounded like, oh, nice to meet you.

These guys are shaking hands right now because you were just meeting.

No, I was congratulating me for having met Edie once.

And meeting Edie. OK, yeah.

So that was really that was it.

But but we like I feel like we were on a double bill.

So I saw Edie perform and I think she saw us perform.

I did. And so there was, you know, I was like, dang, hot's up.

Yeah. Mute. Mute. Respect. Wow.

Leave some for me.

So describe the plot of this show, if you could, or the I guess the setup or the pitch or the elevator pitch or.

I'll do the really, really long pitch.

Oh, really, really long pitch.

Hmm. How do it's a lot of setup.

The first day God created the Earth.

That's a family of evangelicals.

Dana McBride, John Goodman, myself and Edie.

Our mother has passed away and our family's kind of falling apart.

And we run this mega church, the Gemstone Salvation Center.

And what state is this in?

I don't know whether it was said.

I think it's in South Carolina.

Yeah. Which is where we sat.

And we we made up or Danny made up a fake town for us to live in.

So what's this town? Fake town.

It's called Fake Town.

We shot the whole thing in Charleston, but our town is, I think, maybe once referred to as Rogers.

Yeah. Rogers.

Yeah. Beautiful Rogers.

Great. Right there on the banks.

Right next to Hammerstein.

I don't think it's close.

No, no. OK, so we're a family of evangelicals and we run this giant mega church and we sort of have lost our way and without our our mom and we've sort of lost our faith and we're just greedy little pricks now.

There's a lot of money involved.

Huge mega church of basically like it's a stadium.

Yeah, it's a basketball stadium.

A basketball stadium. Yeah.

And now is it a basketball stadium and maybe, you know, this was not covered in the pilot and I'm maybe going to be asking about future episodes.

But do they alternate it with a basketball stadium?

Do they play basketball on some nights and then on Sunday mornings it's the church?

And then do they also have hockey games in there occasionally?

What exactly is how do they run this place?

It's always a giant church.

It's always just a church.

Scott, how do you do it?

How do you do it?

Now, you would thought that I would ask that question.

I got that on your list.

And yes, you were you were right.

Yeah, I prepared for that one.

Do you want to talk about like some more hair stuff or?

Yeah, hair stuff or who owns the stadium?

Does the family own the stadium or are they leasing?

Oh, you mean I thought you meant in real life.

Oh yeah, and in real life.

I want to answer to both, please.

I feel like the family at this point owns that stadium.

They own the stadium.

Okay.

They own their, well, it's their church.

Yeah.

It is their church, but do they own the stadium?

That's my question.

They own all.

They own the stadium.

Okay, I don't think you're getting it.

What I want to know is do they, do they own the stadium though?

Okay.

I don't know how we got on off on the wrong foot, but the church is the stadium.

Was it a stadium that existed beforehand and did they host basketball games and then they converted it into a church?

What does that, cause the pilot didn't deal with this and I really don't.

Hey Tim, I think this might be a time for how do you do it?

But it's a really funny pilot.

Danny McBride, of course, this is sort of the next in the line of show.

He wrote and directed it.

That's how you say it.

Yeah, he directed the pilot.

He directed the pilot.

And then Jody Hill and David Gordon Green.

They alternate directing the rest of it or?

They did the rest of them.

Oh, great.

So this is a lot like his previous shows Vice Principals and Eastbound Down.

Different plot, different characters, but I see what you're saying.

That's my question though is like, are the same characters from those other shows going to show up at some point?

They're part of the canon of the show.

They're lurking in the background.

They may never be explored, but also sneaky Pete is part of it.

Okay.

Sneaky Pete, really?

Sure.

Longmire is in there.

Longmire's in there.

Shrink.

Really?

He sort of, he announces all the basketball games that are played in the church.

Oh my God.

What about Blunt from Blunt Talk?

Yeah.

Does he come in?

That'll be there.

Okay, great.

Jiminy Glick.

Really?

It's like that kind of show if this makes it more clear for you.

Yeah.

So it's the Righteous Gemstones extended universe.

Yes.

All of these projects are part of that.

And those, that's definitely not explored in the first season?

Not in the first season.

Or maybe any subsequent seasons, but just know that that is there.

Okay.

Remember the character Pat?

From It's Pat?

Yeah.

From Saturday Night Live?

Yeah.

Julia Sweeney's?

Yeah.

Yes, I do remember that.

Big part of our show.

Oh, okay.

I wondered why you brought it up.

And then you tied it into the show.

And Julia Sweeney's in there too.

Julia Sweeney and Pat?

Yeah.

They've never been seen in the same place together.

No, but they're together in this show.

Yeah, they're together.

This is for the first time we're debuting that.

How do they do that?

Are they arm in arm or do they not cross because that would be too hard to CGI?

Oh, wow.

And do you remember Denzel Washington?

The actor?

I'm trying to think.

He's been in a bunch of movies and television.

Mostly movies.

Can you name some?

Training Day, Man on Fire, Glory.

No.

Anyway, his character from Flight is in the universe.

Yeah.

What?

Yeah.

He's our drunk pilot.

Flight, I remember.

Wait, so the guy in Flight is played by who did you say?

A world famous actor, Denzel Washington.

That's a weird name.

I mean, not Washington.

Obviously, that's our greatest president.

Yeah.

Number one.

Yep.

Can't beat that.

With a bullet.

Now, although he did not take a bullet.

Lincoln was with a bullet.

Yeah.

Gotta wait till that guy.

You forgot that he didn't die with a bullet?

Yeah.

He didn't die with a bullet.

Why did you bring up with a bullet?

Yeah, why are you saying this stuff?

Come on, Tim.

Because of the catchphrase, number one with a bullet.

Oh, how do you do it?

How do you do it now?

How do I do it?

Physician, do it thyself.

And how many episodes do we have of this show?

I mean, uh...

Neuwein.

Neuwein!

I didn't know you were German.

Cool.

I am.

Was it 10, but the first one is an hour, so...

So it's...

Or no, it was just nine.

LOL, dude.

You're laughing out loud?

Get there!

You gotta...

You have to laugh out loud first, and then say LOL.

What?

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

I thought you always had to clear the way.

Be like, yo, shut up.

LOL coming.

So you think that LOL is like the John the Baptist of laughing out loud?

And then now you say it.

LOL.

There you go.

Great.

That was good.

It made more sense.

So you say it after the fact in case someone's like, what the fuck just came out of your mouth?

They've never heard laughter before.

Yeah, in case you mean someone that doesn't laugh.

Oh, that's what it sounds like when it's out loud.

So they've never heard laughter, but they know the expression LOL.

I only laugh in my head.

Does anybody remember laughter, which is your shirt?

Yeah, that's true.

Tim is wearing a shirt for a band called Lead...

What is this?

Leeds of Pylen?

Leeds of Pylen.

Oh, Leeds of Pylen.

I always thought that was a different name.

I always thought it was Led Zeppelin.

It is Leeds of Pylen.

Leeds of Pylen.

She's building a stairway to Irish Band.

That's cool.

I didn't know that.

That's cool.

Over the hills and far away.

Bleak doke.

Now, Edie, you're a producer on this piece of content.

Yeah, I'm a writer and an associate producer.

An associate producer.

Good for you.

Have you written on other shows?

I confess to not knowing your complete IMDb resume.

Don't worry.

I have written for other things, mostly in little chunks.

Sounds like the Goonies.

Yeah.

A great, great film.

Little chunks.

Like I have guest written at SNL and have...

He's a lawyer now, by the way.

Chunk from Goonies.

What?

Yeah, he's an entertainment lawyer.

What?

I just heard that today.

How do you do it?

I just pass on information that I hear about.

And does he use his Goonies fame to get law jobs?

Oh yeah.

Anytime he's negotiating something for his clients, from what I understand, he's like, look, when we were on Goonies, we did it like this.

We found a bunch of treasure.

The truffle shuffle is how he closes every deal.

So you'd written for SNL, some other little things.

Is this your first regular, big...

This was the first time in the room for a long time.

I did this other thing a long time ago.

Very cagey.

Not sure what you're hiding.

Like the sketch show.

The Cosby Show.

Oh, the Cosby Show.

Okay, I understand.

The Damon Wayans that me and my friend Mikey Day were on and also wrote with.

Yeah, but it was a whole different kind of experience because it was just sort of like, write as much as you can every day and put them in this portal.

This is different because you're encouraged to write very little every day?

Yeah, you're really encouraged to go minimal on this one.

Take six years for...

This one's just more...

Smart.

Good way to do it.

Done in a way that a show would be laid out for writing, I think.

And this is a super...

The budget on this, it looks so expensive.

It's big.

It's probably like a million dollars.

It's probably something like that.

First of all, I saw that stadium.

I'm like, who owns this thing?

Right.

And...

Oh, okay.

It's a church.

No, but it's in a stadium!

Your family owns it.

We went over there.

No, I'm saying the person who owns it in real life.

Oh boy, now we flip worlds.

Him.

Greg.

Oh, Greg owns it.

Greg.

Our buddy Greg.

Thank you.

This is what I'm trying to get at.

Yeah, now you know.

Your buddy Greg owns this place?

Our buddy Greg, yeah.

And I've seen the pilot.

It's an hour long pilot.

Very, very funny.

Very expensive looking.

Very impressive.

And there's nine episodes or nine and...

I don't want to say exactly what happens in the pilot, but something at the end of the pilot kind of catapults it into another level.

Am I right?

I would agree.

Yeah, the stakes go hoy.

Yeah, they go hoy.

Those stakes, I mean, the stakes were high at the beginning.

We all have to agree.

These are high stakes.

There's a lot of money.

Big, big, big high stakes.

There's a lot of money involved with these mega churches, but man, when those stakes go up at the end of the first episode, I was like, what's going to happen at number two?

Do they go down?

You were like...

No.

Do they go back down?

Oh yeah!

I don't think the stakes go down.

They don't go back down?

Uh-uh.

Oh no.

No?

They only stay high.

They stay at the same level, though.

They couldn't get higher than that.

I think they go higher.

What?

Yeah.

So watch your health if you have problems with getting excited.

Do you suggest people take a physical?

If you're scared of heights, don't watch the show.

For sure have your physical before you watch the show.

You'll be scared.

Yeah, get on the proper medication.

If you have any kind of emotional problems, try to talk to a psychiatrist beforehand and get on the proper medication.

Just time it out.

Earlier that week, go see a psychiatrist.

About five days before?

About five.

Five to three to five.

You have to have a lot of prerequisites when it comes to watching The Righteous Gemstones.

Sure.

You really have to get yourself a full checkup.

Is there any kind of written test that you're requiring people to take before they watch the show?

Yeah, driver's test.

Driver's test, really?

Because people drive in this and you want people to know what's happening.

To know, yeah, to not be like, wait, what are they doing?

How is that done?

There's actually a decent amount of driving now that you bring this up.

There's a decent amount of driving in this season and fair amount of stunt driving.

Very cool.

There's a point where you can go into the show like a VR thing and you get to ride with Jiminy Glick.

And so that's why they do the driving test.

Oh yeah, because Jiminy is what in the passenger seat?

He's in the back seat.

Well, we don't want to spoil.

You're kind of spoiling.

You're sort of chauffeuring him.

Is that what?

Or you're like an Uber kind of thing?

Oh, OK.

You're you're an Uber driver and you're driving Jiminy Glick.

That is what it is, but I don't want to say.

Jiminy Glick.

I won't spoil this, but he has a great reaction when they run over Rhoda.

Oh, Rhoda from Rhoda from the early 70s show.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Run over the spinoff show Rhoda.

Yeah.

Remember that show, the early 70s show?

Well, congratulations.

Please say lol so I know what's happening.

Wrap it up.

Hello.

All right.

Thank you very much.

Well, it's a great show.

I congratulate the three of you for being in such a high quality project.

I mean, the the budget on this.

I was just like, who owns this place?

It's really, really incredible.

We have to take a break and Tim and Edie, you have to take off, right?

Yeah, I got to take off.

That's what?

Yeah, peace out.

So you and me, Adam.

OK.

But coming up, we have an entrepreneur, so that's very exciting.

And we also have I don't quite know how to describe him, but Randy Snuts is back.

I don't know if you guys have ever heard the show before, but we have an old friend, Randy Snuts, who I don't quite remember exactly what he does other than he used to fill up the ice at one of my favorite restaurants.

Which restaurant?

D'Adamios.

Oh, that place is good.

Yeah, it's really good.

He would feel when I say fill up the ice, I mean the ice in the urinals.

Oh, so not.

I don't like that.

You don't like what?

Someone filling up the ice?

I don't like ice in urinals.

Why is that?

Because I don't like to see how hot my pee is.

Because if it just everything immediately melts.

Yes, immediately.

I'm like, I've got lava pee and it scares me.

All right, well, we'll ask him.

Yeah, we'll ask him about that and many other questions.

But Tim, Edie, so great to see you.

Thanks for coming by, Adam.

We'll be right back with more Adam and more coming off of Comedy Bang Bang.

We'll be right back after this.

Comedy Bang Bang.

We are here with Adam Devine of the Righteous Gemstones.

And of course, we know you from the classic comedy classic.

Now, I almost said cult classic.

It wasn't a cult classic because it was a very popular hit.

But we're colleagues.

Yeah, thank you.

Yeah.

Thank you for what?

Thank you for calling it a very popular show and not a lot of people say cult.

They do say cult?

Oh, my blood starts to boil.

I think everything is a cult hit now because, you know, with the splintering of songs.

Yeah.

You know, unless you're Game of Thrones, every there's just everything.

And a lot of people said that about we're just like, is this Game of Thrones pre Game of Thrones?

Pre game.

They pre game.

Of Thrones.

That's actually, you know, with the talking dead and all that.

Why didn't Game of Thrones have pre Game of Thrones where people are just pounding beers and talk about what they think might happen in the episode?

See, and this is this is why we need to get you in the HBO family.

I need to be in this family.

You have to be part of the family.

I would love to be part of this family.

But before we get to that family, let's take a look at our own comedy, Bang Bang Extended Family, because we have a guest on the show that has been on a few times before and she hasn't been on in a minute.

I don't know where she's been, but in a minute.

But she is as far as I can recall, she was the owner of the W Hotel.

Wow.

I own the W Hotel.

She's an entrepreneur.

She has several side hustles going on.

Please welcome back to the show.

Bean dip.

Hey, everybody.

Hey, Bean.

Do I call you Bean or Bean dip?

You can call me Bean dip or Bean.

Mrs. Dip or Miss Dip?

Call me Mrs. Dip or Miss Dip or Bean or Bean dip.

Doesn't sound like you're particular.

Yeah.

Any of those names.

Cool.

Just don't call me ma'am.

Don't call you ma'am.

OK.

Please don't.

Why would does that have some connotations for you?

I'm trying to make friends with people.

I'm not trying to be formal.

I'm trying to be friends on a peer level.

I'm not trying to be like, oh, hey, sir.

Hey, ma'am.

Go eat a dick.

OK.

Right.

OK.

Yeah.

I get that.

By the way, this is Adam Bean dip.

I know.

We know each other.

You guys know each other.

I've stayed at a lot of W's.

So we've ran into each other in the lobbies, in the hallways.

Now you just own the Los Angeles one, though.

I own a Los Angeles W.

Yeah.

And I stay there.

I don't like to sometimes I'm like, I don't want to stay in my house.

I have a little staycation.

I get it.

And I go down to the W.

And can we talk about how hard it is to find a light switch in a W?

We can talk about it, but we're not going to do nothing about it because I need those lights down when we let's get well.

Adam Devine's trying to act like, oh, everything's cool.

I go to the W sometimes.

When he comes there, we keep the lights low and we kiss.

You guys have kissed before?

We've only kissed the one time.

It's not a big deal.

It's not a regular thing that we do that.

It was just one time?

Just the one.

One time.

If it's two, that's a regular thing.

Well, the thing about Bean is the sexuality that she possesses is off the charts.

It's off the charts.

Through the roof.

Yeah.

To the moon and back.

It's to the moon and back.

And was this part of Bean, I remember one of your kind of side gigs that you had was you were kissing people for money?

That's right.

For money.

Yes, I made a point.

Yeah, he paid me thousands of dollars.

We had an appointment.

I gave him a kiss.

He paid me thousands of dollars.

And by having to block his number on my phone, maybe.

I just want it.

I can understand that.

I mean, Bean, we've never described your physical appearance, but it's more than that.

Well, let's get into it.

Yeah, let's get away.

I'm very sunburned on my face.

To a degree that is just like, I mean, I mean, so it's so pink.

It's like, it's like what I like my stakes to look like.

It's like my cheeks.

I would say my cheeks and nose are very hot pink.

Eighties.

Shout out to the eighties.

I've never seen a woman look hotter.

Yeah, like, but literally physical hotter.

Yes.

And but the rest of your body is pale as a sheet.

The rest of my body is if you look up paint colors, if you go to, you know, one of those places where they got paint, Home Depot, place at Lowe's.

Sure, we know the types of places.

Yes.

Just say I want whiter than eggshell, please.

Whiter than eggshell.

That's a good way.

And if they show you that, just know that's the color of my whole body, even the part covered by my clothes.

Wink, wink.

I wish I wish I could see that.

And the part of your body that's covered by clothes, that is pretty minimal at this point.

Usually, nine times out of ten, just my butt hole.

Just like just like a candy floss kind of strip.

Well, I like a candy floss strip with just a piece of construction paper cut into a circle.

Right.

And that covers the actual hole.

Yeah.

Now that's you didn't today.

You're wearing a little bit more because we're.

Because I had to come I had to come up with the earwove.

Yeah.

Why are you here, by the way?

What is going on with you?

You haven't been on the show in so long.

I got it.

Well, I just figured I might as well hang out.

I got to pick up an order here.

An order of what?

Microphones.

You're ordering microphones from us?

To put it in the rooms at the W.

You're putting microphones in the room?

I mean, is that in order?

Is that for butler service?

Instead of phones.

Nobody, hey, nobody wants to get up on that old timey phone.

So I'm putting microphones at every room at the W.

You could just go, hello, hello.

I would like I would like a service.

Food, kissing, something else, running a bath.

Okay.

I mean, this actually, yeah, I mean, this makes a little bit of sense.

It makes a ton of sense.

It's sort of like Alexa in a way.

It's exactly like Alexa.

Alexa, play the Star Spangled Banner.

I haven't heard this rendition.

This is this is different.

This is very different.

Is it countermelody, perhaps?

Oh, I've never heard that before.

My baby is my children.

And the world.

Wow.

My baby is my children.

My baby is my children and the world.

And the world.

Wow.

It started off locally and now it's global.

See, and this is why the W is so progressive.

You go in there, they're playing some some house, fun house music that you've never heard of from Germany, and it smells like cologne.

Like bad cologne.

Yeah, like a bad cologne that you put on your body, but somehow they pump it through the ventilation system.

But somehow they're able to sell it for a lot of money.

Oh yeah, we sell that for $400 a bottle.

You do, really?

Wow.

Neon everything.

Everything's black lit.

Because we're talking about sexy.

Yeah.

Yeah, it is a very sexy hotel.

Now I get it.

So you're just here to pick up the microphone.

Here to pick up the microphones.

I think I might as well come by and say hi.

I'm going to have to make about four trips.

Four trips.

Why didn't you bring someone with you who could carry?

I bought a van.

There's a lot of roofs at the W.

Okay.

All right.

Just bring, but all right.

Maybe you can't hire three other people to bring three other vans.

Listen, I can, but I won't.

Okay.

So you got.

Okay.

Bean dip kind of does her own thing.

We.

Yeah, she's a lone wolf.

You tell me, Oh, you got, Hey, I could get these guys to come build something at your house.

Oh, Hey, I can have this chef to cook for you.

No, thanks.

Really?

So you, you are totally self-sufficient.

You just absolutely self-sufficient and self-satisfied.

You know, the Beatles once said, I get by with a little help from my friends.

No, me, fuck them Beatles.

Fuck the Beatles?

There's only two of them still alive.

Well, go, Hey, go.

But the question is, have you?

Obviously.

Which Beatles?

I mean, Pumble, carton, even go star the two alive ones.

You D X.

Okay.

Well, I don't know if you maybe add George Harrison while he was still with us.

No.

Okay.

So you really, so John Lennon has been a guest on this show several times.

He came back to life.

Adam, you probably haven't heard these episodes, but yeah, he decided.

John Lennon.

John Lennon was pretty, of course, shot dead.

And then about five years later, four years later, he decided to come back to life.

And so now he's just been hanging out.

Anyway, he's been on the show several times.

Yeah.

I should hook you up with him.

Well, do it.

Cause I haven't met him.

If I do meet him, I'll have, I'll have three on the list.

Yeah.

Three of those Beatles.

It will be so easy for me.

What is it about you that people just end up falling for you?

It's like a chemical thing.

They don't want to, they don't want to look because if they do look, I'll get them like a vampire.

I'll get, I'll get them all tranced out and then they just want to follow them dicks and pussies.

It's the opposite of Medusa.

Yeah.

There's only one part of you turns to stone.

I don't know what he's talking about.

The penis.

The what?

The penis.

Oh, why didn't I think of that?

Yeah.

Um, you, uh, uh, you were telling me though that you have kind of a new business venture that you're looking into.

Yeah.

What exactly, uh, it's like, you know how it's, here's a scenario.

Okay.

I'm walking along.

I want a hot dog.

I'm sorry.

I didn't understand.

I didn't quite understand what you just said.

I'm walking along.

I want a hot dog.

You want a hot dog.

All right.

But the thought that goes through my head is that's all healthy for me.

I can't have that.

That's not good for my, my concentration.

There's a lot of nitrates, uh, Nitrates, pig parts that I'm not familiar with.

Meats that I don't want.

So I think, what could I have that's better than a hot dog?

I have introduced to you cucumbers and buns.

Yum.

Cucumbers and buns.

Uh huh.

I'll have a truck in downtown Los Angeles.

Cucumbers and buns.

The truck will be called CIB.

CIB.

Okay.

Cib.

Kib.

Yeah, maybe CIB.

I don't know.

It's called comedy bang bang.

But I don't want to cause any confusion in the marketplace here.

Although I had the truck printed.

Well, I do admit that my trademark does not extend to food trucks.

That's what I already figured out to go to the city council.

The titty council.

Is that what you said?

Hey, you want titty council?

Lift up my shirt.

City council.

That's where I get my names for my trucks.

Of course, the old expression that we've all said, do you cook the cucumbers or are you charring them at least?

We put, we steam them and then we boil them.

Then you boil them?

Boil them.

Uh huh.

Okay.

And then you can get mustard, mayonnaise, ketchup, anything you like.

So they're soft.

Everything that people like about cucumbers, the snap.

We don't play that game.

No, it's just kind of mushy.

Uh huh.

No snap.

No nothing.

These are safe for everyone, including babies.

Really, babies can eat these because they're all just mushy.

Babies love these.

Babies is our biggest market.

We have children coming there without the parents.

We had to call the police all the time.

So just children, it's almost like the Pied Piper, your truck in a way.

They're just like wandering outside because they hear, do you have, like, does it play music, the truck or?

Yes, it plays only Pearl Jam 10.

Oh wow.

Pearl Jam 10?

That's it.

Front to back?

Front to back.

And then repeat?

It's not on random.

It's not on shuffle?

Pearl Jam 10, repeat.

In order, thank you.

It's a concept album.

I didn't realize that.

Oh, please.

What is the concept?

I guess I've only heard it a few times.

Front to back.

Jeremy, it's happened a hard time.

Well, that's one song, certainly.

That's the whole rest of it.

That extended to the, to Alive.

He's spoken.

I don't know if he spoke on the other nine.

He did, you know, Even Flow's about, that's about a child, well, OCD.

He wants to get that peanut butter on every corner.

Get that Even Flow.

That song's about peanut butter?

That song's about Jeremy and his OCD.

Okay.

I didn't realize.

Okay.

I mean, you've heard it way more times than I have, obviously.

Yeah.

So don't, don't, don't, don't check yourself.

Don't stress yourself.

Okay.

We'll do neither of those things.

So when children hear Pearl Jam 10, they know that the CIB truck is coming through.

Uh oh, the CIB truck coming to Bang Bang.

It's real close.

We better go get our cucumber hot dogs.

Hmm.

Wow.

And how have sales been?

Through the roof.

What does that mean exactly to you?

One month, 14 million.

Wow.

14 million cucumber and buns?

Augie doggy alone, 14 million.

Whoa.

Already?

That is impressive.

And this has barely started for August.

Wow.

The way it's popping off for you.

It's pop.

Hey man, it's popping up.

I'm about to sell the W.

You're going to sell the W and just concentrate solely on.

Thinking about it.

Cause when I'm at the W I have to be at the desk to answer every microphone call that will come in.

It seems like you could hire people for that, but again, you don't like to.

They're not going to do it right.

You don't like to delegate.

Yeah.

So who would you sell the W to?

Oh, probably to like Madonna or maybe like to.

Someone that would get it.

Kesha.

Shaka Khan.

Yeah, I get that.

Yeah.

Probably a pop star, female pop star.

Probably a female pop star of varying degrees of success.

Yeah.

Female pop star who knows what sexy is.

Who knows how to run a business?

What about a cool DJ?

Is she pretty real sexy pop star?

Well, she wouldn't be a pop star.

She would be a cool DJ.

Cool DJ.

Although there is crossover appeal with some DJs.

The chain smokers you could call pop stars, even though they are DJs.

True.

Steve Aoki though, not a pop star, just a DJ.

Straight DJ.

Yeah.

But we should discuss DJs and see if they're pop stars as well.

Okay.

How about Diplo?

Diplo?

I think he's a pop star as well.

Yeah.

He, he crossed over.

Yeah.

How about Tiesto?

RIP.

All right.

Did he die?

No, I think Avicii did.

Avicii.

Although Tiesto probably will at some point.

Yeah.

At press time, he is still with us.

Good.

And we hope it stays that way.

Hey, I'm not rooting for anyone to pass away.

No, I'm not rooting for God nor the devil to take him.

Nope.

I don't want either or neither.

I'm sweet when it comes to this.

But I would say Tiesto, I think he's just DJ.

Me too.

Yeah.

What about Calvin Harris?

Calvin Harris?

Pop star.

Well, no, I mean, when he sang his own songs, I would say, I would say pop star, but now that he's, you know, given back to just DJ now.

Once you did it, you can't get out of that box.

What about Shaq Diesel?

DJ Shaq Diesel.

This is a great question.

This is the one that the kids are talking about most.

Yeah.

And so he had a rap career before.

Right.

And then now he's kind of strictly DJing, but also people know him as a commentator mostly.

And also he's got that name Shaq, which was a very popular basketball player.

Was that he was?

He was.

Yeah, Shaq was.

It was a few years back.

And then Diesel, which was a pretty popular style of jeans.

Or a cool way to describe somebody with muscles.

Yeah. Or like a cool truck that you're like, whoa, that thing can probably haul some boats.

Trucks.

That reminds me of a previous guest.

Anyway, so this is, I mean, I would say, I would say just DJ at this point for Shaq Diesel.

I'm sorry.

Yeah.

You disagree?

I do disagree.

Cause I'd love to hear him sing.

I would love to hear him sing too, but you know, at this point I have not heard it.

So I think we're just a DJ.

Have we run out of examples of DJs?

What about pop stars?

Let's talk about pop stars.

Katy Perry.

Is she a DJ?

No.

Yeah.

You think she's a DJ?

She could.

She's so talented.

She can do anything.

Favorite halftime performance of all time.

Of all time.

Really?

Yes, please.

Eclipsing Prince, eclipsing...

Who?

The Who?

No.

Who?

Lee Jepali.

Third base.

LOL.

Well, this is good for you, BeanDip.

It's so great to see that you have so much going on and this is incredible for you.

Really, really good to see you again.

Yeah.

It's great to see you Adam.

Please unblock my number.

Cause I wouldn't mind just catching up.

Yeah, it does work onto the W. Get on that microphone.

Why don't you catch up right now?

Okay, let's do it.

How are you?

I don't...

This is...

We have a kind of a private relationship.

There's not a lot of people listening to this show.

I think you're okay.

Okay.

BeanDip, I love you.

And I know that you're seeing other people and you're getting money to kiss other people and I'm okay with that for our relationship.

Okay.

Well, then let's get into it, man.

As long as you don't care who I'm dating, Charlize Theron, Harrison Ford.

You don't care who I got dating?

You can be one of my list.

You're dating Harrison Ford?

Uh huh.

And Charlize Theron.

I don't know if this is going to work out.

I draw the line at Harrison Ford.

Really?

What's threatening about Harrison?

His earring.

Yeah.

It's very masculine.

It's very, very tough.

I think he got that maybe...

Not so much his career.

I feel like we have kind of the same career.

Yeah.

In a lot of ways.

Yeah.

I feel we have the exact same career, but that earring...

Yeah.

I don't want to mess.

I don't want to mess with that.

So I would say Game Over Man is the Air Force One of our generation.

Agreed.

Yeah.

And Pitch Perfect 2 is the fugitive.

There's a lot of...

A lot of parallels there.

Yep.

So maybe you should look at who...

Maybe you got more similarities and you got differences with somebody.

You need to stop fighting.

You...

You're walking...

You're getting very close to Adam here.

Okay.

Yeah.

Well, I know I can't be resisting.

Get them pants off.

I don't know that we want to see your pants off.

Oh, whoa.

There they go.

Oh, damn.

They made such a weird noise coming off, too.

Because they're soaking wet.

Yeah.

What's going on with those things?

They were soaking wet.

It's pretty hot outside.

He likes to get them straight out the washer.

All right, I'll put them back on.

How do you vacuum seal them like that?

My God, those are so tight.

These guys tell no lies.

Wow.

Well, look, I cannot tell a lie.

We do need to take a break and that...

I'm not lying about that.

In fact, in mere moments, you're going to hear us go to a break.

So you do not have to doubt the veracity of that statement.

We have to go to a break.

Bean Tip, can you stick around?

Yeah, I can stick around.

We have Randy Snuts is going to be here.

You've never met him before.

Oh boy.

Okay.

That's what you think.

You've met Randy Snuts before?

Uh-huh.

Okay.

Well, let me ask you this.

Can I take...

Can I lay down on that table during this break?

Because I need to gear up for this bitch.

Yeah, check your quickness.

Yeah, lay down.

Just like we would be eating sushi off you at a weird party.

Order out.

Yeah.

All right, great.

And Adam, you'll stick around as well?

Uh, yeah.

Okay, great.

Sounds good.

Why'd you have to make such a decision out of it?

I mean...

Just being around Bean Tip for any longer.

I know, it's draining.

I've already taken my pants off once.

But look, they're on their...

They're strapped back on.

They are tight.

We will be right back with more Comedy Bang Bang after this.

Comedy Bang Bang, we're back here, Adam Devine of the Righteous Gemstones coming out this Sunday on HBO, and you play a character, it appears, by the name of HBO.

Is that what you said?

No, HBO.

That is...

You play HBO?

You say every letter.

I was saying Hubbo.

Hubbo?

Oh, Hubbo.

Hubbo.

Hubbo, Hubbo.

Yeah.

Okay.

So that's cool.

That's interesting.

You play a character named Kelvin.

I do.

That's a real name.

That's your character's name, certainly.

According to Danny McBride, that's a real name.

That's a real name.

That's what my parents named me.

Okay.

Great.

Did it take you a while to get acclimated to that?

To when people would say Kelvin, would you say, like, that's not me, that's not my name, my name's Adam?

I'd say, yeah.

And I do that with every character I play.

Right.

As an actor, immediately you go on the defensive.

Sure.

And people are like, hey, what's up?

And then they'll say your character's name.

In this case, it's Kelvin.

And I'm like, what the fuck did you just say to me?

Right.

Do you think I'm Kelvin right now?

Am I in my wardrobe right now?

And they're like, yeah, you're fully in your wardrobe, you're on set.

We've called action.

Yeah.

And then I go, okay, I guess you want to see this.

And then I snap into character.

Whoa.

I make hard turns.

Just hard lefts, hard rights.

I don't go left.

I'm mostly going right.

You're always going right.

I'm always kind of looping around.

Pardon me.

I forgive me for saying that you went left.

It's okay.

It's just my technique and everyone has their own thing.

Sure.

I just assumed part of your process was to go left and I don't know why I assumed that.

Don't assume.

Okay.

Yeah.

Because you know what happens when you assume?

I don't.

So people don't like it.

People don't like that.

People don't like it when you assume.

They don't care for assumptions.

That is the phrase.

We also have Bean Dibs here.

Bean Dibs still here.

Hey man, holla at your boy.

You woke up from your nap.

Hey, Bean Dibs awake.

Hey, wow.

You are yawning and I got refreshed dog.

As the cock crows here, here you are.

You're all woken up and we're ready for our next guest.

He has been on the show before.

He, I guess, I don't know whether it's fair to say that he's an entrepreneur as well, as much as he's a working guy.

I mean, like 85% of the guests that you have on the show are entrepreneurs.

It seems like everyone comes on and they have something that they want to talk about some new business.

That's cool.

But you have just worked at jobs.

Is that right?

Yeah, that's true.

Please welcome Randy Snuds.

Thank you.

I mean, cool.

I should listen to the show.

You should.

Yeah, there's a lot of cool stuff.

Yeah, we have over 600 episodes.

Listen to the 10 hour one first.

The 10 hour one first.

You'll enjoy that.

Just to get acclimated.

Yeah, yeah.

Cool.

Yeah, yeah.

You'll have one reaction or another to that one.

Which one do you think I'll have?

Oh, I would gather that you'd be all in after listening to it.

Yeah, me too.

Dang, this is a trial by fire and I'm not guilty.

Welcome back, Randy.

It's so great to see you.

Do you know Bean Dibs says she knows you.

Hi, hello again.

Yeah, we have carnal knowledge of each other.

Really?

I hooked up with her when I, my grandma gave me a thousand dollars after she died.

Well, she didn't.

She like willed it to me and then Corissa and I run.

There was no confusion on my part.

I didn't think she passed away and then somehow gave you the thousand dollars.

She kept it in her hand and then there was a note that said like, Randy is the only person who can grab this out of my cold dead hands.

Also grandma.

Yeah, she's touched out.

Wow.

That was like, that's the Charlton Heston thing.

Grabbing something out of cold dead hands.

So yeah.

Huh?

Well, he didn't want anyone to, he said the only way people would take his guns.

Oh yeah.

Was out of his cold dead head.

Oh, this was a thousand dollars and I did not spend it on guns.

I spent it on a night with Bean Dibs.

One night?

A full on night.

But now Adam, you paid thousands and thousands of dollars just for one kiss.

Thousands and thousands.

Yeah.

So have your rates gone up or?

My rates vary.

Okay, ma'am.

What is it vary upon?

What, why, why was I, why was I more expensive?

You came to my service, what it says this much for a kiss.

I met Randy in real life.

So you met Randy off the clock, but you still charged him.

I met Randy at CBS and he decided to pay for a night of fun, including Waterpark.

Yeah.

Oh, okay.

We bonded over how long my receipt was.

I was like, how long was it?

Dude, that's, that's what I said.

That's what you said.

Yeah.

That's what I said.

That's what you said.

You said that?

Yeah.

I was like, wait, that, wait, wait, wait.

That's what you said?

That's what I said, dude.

Wait, you said that?

Yeah.

I said that.

Who said this?

I said it.

That's what you said?

That's what I said.

How long was it?

That's what I said.

That's what you said?

Yeah.

Beamed up was there.

The receipt came out.

How long was it?

I said it.

Who said this?

I said that.

That's what you said.

I said that.

That's what you said.

Yeah.

That's what I said.

That's what you said?

That's what I said.

This is what you said?

What?

No, that's what I said.

That's what you said.

Yeah.

Beamed up was there.

You were there.

That's what he said?

I see where the confusion is.

Adam and I thought that you were saying CBS, and so that's why we were like, why would you say that?

The Peacock Network.

All right.

Yeah.

Because you guys are, that's not the Peacock Network.

It's the Tiffany Network, I believe.

No, you're both wrong.

Tiffany, another, is she a DJ?

Tiffany's.

Was Tiffany a DJ or was she just a pop star?

A DJ.

A pop star.

She was a pop star.

You know, Prince wrote Manic Monday for the Bengals.

I do know that, yes.

And then Tiffany covered it and took all the glory.

Just like Karissa, my current girlfriend is always taking the glory out of my life.

Wait a minute, you're back with Karissa?

Do it.

I thought you were broken up with Karissa.

Scott, it's not on again, off again.

It's off again, on again.

Okay.

So you're with Karissa currently?

Yeah, of course.

Describe, for those of you who don't recall your previous appearances, describe your relationship to Karissa.

Frought with calamitous scandal.

She's always adding needless drama to my life.

She, as in the way you would describe it a lot of times, she had a lot of scandalous behavior.

Yeah, she did.

She's duplicitous.

What would she do exactly?

She'd always be like, Randy, like, meet me out at the Burger King.

Like, I'm going to buy you dinner.

I'm like, oh man, lucky me.

So I show up at the Burger King and it'd be a location that's been closed for weeks.

Really?

She would do this to you?

Yeah, she'd take you to the recently closed Burger Kings?

Oh, she wouldn't even be there.

She'd be punking me because that was her favorite show.

I'll try to tell Randy it does a classic move.

But can we all admit punk was a pretty good show?

It's going to be back from what I understand.

Get me a reboot.

Yeah.

So very excited for that.

Is she excited?

Is Karissa excited about this?

Yeah.

She's the only thing that she's talking about.

I'm dreading it because it's going to give her new ideas for scandalous behavior.

It's going to reignite this love for punking you.

Yeah, it is.

Yeah.

How does she find these Burger Kings that have just recently closed?

I don't know.

Yeah, I guess I didn't realize Burger Kings are closing at that.

It's such a rapid, accelerated pace.

Yeah, it's like Sears.

But 1% figured out that they could just chop it up, sell it off, and make a bunch of cash off these dead Burger Kings.

That makes sense.

So they're just closing all over the place.

She's constantly sending you to these?

Yeah.

Sorry to talk about the economy in this economy.

Oh, in this economy?

Yeah, this economy.

Wow.

That's what I said.

So that's...

Wait, that's what you said?

That's what I said.

Where?

That's what you said.

What did you say?

I just said, yeah, that's what I said.

But when?

What did you say?

A second ago.

Like a couple of seconds ago at this point.

Oh, wait, that's what you said.

Yeah, that's what I said.

But like what?

That crack about the economy.

Oh.

Oh, OK.

Got it.

That's what you said.

So what's been going on with your, I guess, your life, Randy?

I mean, you've had many jobs.

You were fired for stealing at a convenience store that you worked at because you kept saying the word yoink as you stole things.

Yeah, well, I said it too loud once.

I'm back in the workforce.

It only takes once, by the way.

Yeah, no kidding.

That's what I said.

So you would steal and then as you were stealing something, you'd say yoink?

Yeah.

And then like I was getting away with it.

I didn't realize because I was saying it quietly.

I thought at first I was like, man, me saying yoink is like exonerating me.

Like people are like, dang, that's ballsy.

So they weren't like busting me.

But it turns out you had just been saying it very quietly.

And they weren't seeing me steal this stuff.

Right.

And the one time you said it loud, they said they turned and looked.

Yeah.

And that and then you were fired from the position.

Yeah.

I was walking out with some beer for my boys.

Who are your boys again?

Just like a crew of good dudes.

Right.

Yeah.

But by name, how many are in this crew, by the way?

Two guys named Kevin and a guy named Michael.

OK, so two Kevins.

Yeah, that is good crew.

That's a good crew.

Four people.

What happened to Jeff?

No, Jeff's out of the crew.

What happened?

He sent scandalous text messages to Carissa.

No.

He leaked his own nudes to her.

No.

I mean, that's one way to go.

Get ahead of it.

Yeah.

Really?

And how did was she receptive to these?

Yeah, of course.

She was like, yo, Randy, get over here.

Look at this.

I guess when I meant receptive, meaning Kivvie had hidden from you and just.

Uh-uh.

She like saved it to her photo roll.

And then she like started editing it and she was like drawing like little like circles around like she was like, look at this part of his body.

It's a lot better than yours.

Which parts are we talking about?

I don't know.

Pretty much everything.

Oh, OK.

She just circled the whole part of his body.

Yeah.

Did that make you feel bad?

Yeah, it made me feel terrible.

Oh, you poor baby.

You need to get away from her.

Dang, I wish I had a thousand dollars right now.

Well, that's what it takes, Vietnam.

We're nowhere near a water park at this point, too.

So there's a lot of obstacles.

I'm about to turn into a water park.

I don't know what you're talking about right now.

Well, that's what I said.

OK, is that what you said?

Yeah, that's what I said.

So what is going on with your life non-Karissa?

Do you have a job now?

Yeah, I re-entered the workforce.

You did?

Yeah, I'm working for a window washing crew.

Really?

OK.

A bunch of dudes that get up really early.

How early do you have to get up to wash windows?

Is that because you need daylight?

Yeah, but you want to get on top of it right away.

So you got to be ready to roll by the time the sun's rising.

And they're a bunch of coke heads, but otherwise cool dudes.

That's cool.

And what location is this?

Location?

I mean, do you travel around the city doing this, or are you washing one place's windows primarily?

Anyone who wants us to wash their windows, that's the name of the game, Scott.

OK.

God damn.

But I guess, do you have a regular route?

I've got Mr. CEO over here who's like, how do jobs work?

Fucking embarrassing me.

Call me on my show to fucking take down the blue collar working, man.

I apologize for this economy.

I'm going to be listening to Sticks on the ride home.

How much is a loaf of bread these days, by the way?

Jesus Christ.

I don't know.

$4 if it's shitty.

How much is a good one?

I don't know.

$6?

Yeah.

$8?

All right.

Depends on the location.

I got Mr. Moneybags over here probably shopping at erstwhile or whatever that fancy ass place is.

Air 1?

Yeah, whatever.

Erstwhile?

I don't fucking know.

Yeah, you don't.

Because you're a regular working class guy.

And that's what we love about you, Randy.

I saw bread at convenience stores.

You'd say what?

Yeah.

Butternut or whatever the white stuff is.

Oh, they sell bread.

I thought you said I saw bread at convenience stores.

So you're doing the window washing thing.

Is that precarious?

I mean, are you afraid of heights?

By the way, don't watch The Righteous Gemstones if you're afraid of heights.

Mm-hmm.

Because those stakes get high.

Yeah.

So you're a psychiatrist about three days before?

Yeah.

Lot of conditions on watching this show.

No, I got bad vertigo.

Yeah, then I wouldn't recommend it.

Yeah, definitely not.

Yeah.

How bad is your vertigo?

Pretty bad.

Yeah?

Yeah.

I'd piss my pants if I get scared.

So why are you doing a window washing job?

Ah!

I had him!

Come on, man!

Dang, dude.

I had to do it.

Spanking a water pot.

On a full bladder too.

No kidding.

Dang.

He wants your pants to be as wet as his.

We're about 20% through this piss right now.

Oh, wait, wait, wait.

Still going.

You're still going.

You started to piss?

Yeah, at a full bladder.

That was a good scare.

Oh my gosh.

Yeah, I really scared him there.

So, uh...

Is this going to short circuit the electronics here?

Or we're...

Oh, I think we're all good.

Yeah, we learned very early on to make these water resistant.

Yeah.

That's just going to soak up in my UGG boots.

Yeah.

So why are you washing windows if you have terrible vertigo?

I mean, it seems like every single day would be a nightmare for you.

Dude, how many of these problems do I have to solve for you?

I wash the ground floor windows.

I'll let the rest of the team do the rest.

Wait, so I'm like a hotel that's, say, 30 stories high.

Like the W.

Like the W, thank you.

You're only doing 1 30th of the work?

I mean, I'll wash the inside of the windows.

Of, wait, of all of them?

All the way up?

Yeah.

Okay.

And that doesn't give you vertigo?

No, because I'm not going to fall out the window.

Isn't that normally like just a housekeeper's job?

Or this is the service that you provide?

Two Hollywood guys trying to take a shit on a blue collar man?

Just trying to make money?

Y'all should be ashamed of yourself.

Why don't you...

Wait, me?

No, they aren't for taking out the working man.

What'd you say?

Is that what you said?

Here's my question.

Yeah, that's what I said.

Here's my question.

If I were you, I would just pay someone to wash the windows.

So this is a pay to play situation?

God damn.

I don't know why you're washing windows when I would just hire someone to wash windows.

And honestly, it seems like a lot of work.

I would just take just a small part of the money in my bank account and pay someone to wash out the windows.

So you guys don't even...

You guys are so far gone, you don't even understand the economy in this economy.

How hard is it to find some rube who's willing to wash the windows at a fraction of what you're getting paid to do it?

Would you do it?

Yeah, I would do it if I could.

But now that you got me thinking, maybe I'm the rube that they hired to wash these windows.

I think that you might be.

Son of a bitch, man.

God, what is it written on my face?

Take advantage of me?

I'm sorry, Randy.

I know life seems to deal you poor hands consistently.

And it's terrible what you've gone through.

Yeah, you gotta know when to hold them, know when to roll them.

Exactly.

Know when to walk away, know when to have fun.

It seems like the first half of your lyrics are always consistently Kenny Rogers.

And then the second half is a parody that seems to be related to drugs.

I'll bust it again.

So Randy, you're doing the windows thing, but what do you got on the weekends?

Because I know you're always up to shenanigans on the weekends.

How am I blowing off steam?

Yeah, exactly.

Well, lately I've been going to like little league games and trying to give lectures to like the kids after their games.

What kind of lectures?

Like I'll go to the losing team and I'll be like, don't get too down.

And then I'll go to the winning team.

I'll be like, you ain't shit till you win the championship.

Unless you got a hand covered in rings, you ain't nobody.

That's honestly, that's good advice though.

And this is something that the teams want you to do, or this is just something that you're kind of doing for fun?

Honestly, I do it to get out of the house and stop getting punked by Carissa.

Right.

Well, it seems like she's punking you outside of the house.

I just got a lot of ideas.

And since my penmanship is terrible, I don't like to keep a journal.

Oh, okay.

What's wrong with your penmanship?

Do you not know how to form the letters or?

It just looks jacked up like here.

Okay.

Give me something to write here.

Here you go.

Okay.

All right.

There we go.

Okay.

Oh my God.

That's a ugly handwriting.

That is, I don't know.

It looks like hieroglyphics almost.

That's making me nauseous.

It's giving me vertigo.

That's disgusting.

I've never seen handwriting that literally makes me want to vomit.

Yeah.

Maybe I'll write some more and make you guys fucking puke.

Stop.

Stop it.

Stop it here.

Stop it.

Oh God.

Y'all been slagging off on me.

Dang.

Taking the piss out of Randy.

I'm sorry, Randy.

We haven't seen you in maybe a year or so.

Yeah, I know.

I missed you guys.

Did you really?

Yeah, especially you.

Cause I've never met Adam before.

Right.

All respect.

Yeah.

I think you guys have something good going on here though.

I mean, you guys were kind of vibing a little bit.

And Beamed Up and I definitely vibe for a thousand dollars.

Right.

Yeah.

How much were the water park tickets that day?

I don't know, like $7.50.

$7.50?

That's a good deal for a water park, I would say.

There was a great water park in Northern California.

I said, take me there or don't take me nowhere.

So you drove all the way up to, a lot of people say NorCal.

Uh huh.

Yeah.

We drove all the way up there.

Drove about eight hour drive or?

Yeah.

We took the scenic I-5 route.

That's not the scenic route.

The Pacific Coast Highway is the scenic route.

The I-5 is pretty grim.

Yeah, but water is just the same.

Like the terrain on the five changes on either side of the car.

Sure.

Yeah.

You get cows, you get grass, you get other cars.

You get three lane, four lane highways.

Three lane, four lane.

Yeah.

Construction.

A lot of construction these days on the I-5.

And how long was the trip?

Was it just for eight hours up?

How long were you at the water park?

Day trip only.

With $1,000, you do not get an overnight.

So what are you, like an hour at the water park and then you go back down?

We spent about one and one half hours at the water park.

Okay.

How many rides did you go on?

Or slides?

What do you think Randy?

I would say seven or eight.

Yeah, probably seven or eight.

Seven or eight slides in an hour?

That's pretty good, Rachel.

You must have...

Sorry, Adam.

Fast pass for 750.

Yeah.

Yeah, we had VIP fast pass.

You had a VIP fast pass, so wow, for seven.

How much of the normal tickets?

Well, who's the 1% now?

Oh, dang.

I got a taste of the good life.

Now I'm never looking back.

Don't you think you should have saved that $1,000?

I mean, you're a guy who gets excited when his girlfriend says that she's treating him to Burger King.

That 1,000 really could have come in handy.

Yeah, but Scott, it was free money.

I had to look at it as an investment in my own happiness.

Okay.

Just like a total bonus in my life that my grandma had bestowed on me.

So I chose to like...

And Chris and I were on a break and I knew we were going to get back together because I'm weak.

Sure.

She pressures you.

What does she do when you're on a break?

Does she go out there and date a lot of other people?

Or...

Yeah, she goes through my crew.

Bang, bang, bang.

Really?

Kevin, Kevin?

No, no, no.

Those guys are in my crew because they haven't gotten with Carissa yet.

And Michael as well.

Yeah, Kevin, Kevin and Michael have not hooked up with Carissa.

But Chad, Derek and Jeff.

Oh, man.

Oh, why happened to Travis?

Oh, Carissa went so nuts on him that he moved to Ohio.

No way.

He moved back home.

Damn, I moved back in with his parents because he was like, dang.

That's savage.

Wow.

Amazing.

And Randy, anything else going on in your life?

I mean, you got the obviously the window washing is taking up the majority of your time during the week and then the lectures to the children on the weekends.

Anything else happening?

Yeah, I downloaded a Nintendo emulator on my PS4, so I'm going wild on that.

Wow.

Yeah.

Pac-Man, Exciteboy, Castlevania 1, Castlevania 2, Castlevania 3, Mega Man 2.

Are you done or I...

Not the first Mega Man?

No, that one's trash.

Mega Man 2 and 4 are where it's at.

Mega Man X is getting a little too complicated.

It's like, this is 8-bit.

Like, what are you guys trying to do?

Like trying to play Final Fantasy on 8-bit on NES?

You're a fucking dork.

Wait for the system to get better or roll the dice with your friends.

Yeah, roll the dice with your friends.

I mean, yes, roll the dice with your friends.

That's really fun.

Yeah, that's what I said.

Yeah, that is what you said.

That's what I said.

That I now know that that is what you said.

You did say that.

How did you say that?

Hey, wait a minute.

That's Tim's line.

Well, Randy, thank you so much for dropping by.

We were running out of time here.

We only have one final feature on the show, and that is a little something called plugs.

♪ I don't need your plugs but I want some ♪ ♪ Tell us what you've been up to to make your income ♪ ♪ TV shows, movies, a bad guess ♪ ♪ That's what I want to know ♪ ♪ Now tell me about your plugs ♪ Ooh, that was I Don't Need Your Plugs, parentheses, but I want some, end parentheses, by Tanner4105.

If you have a plugs theme, send it on over and you can be famous for a week.

You guys, was that a DJ or was that a pop star?

Tanner's world famous after that plug.

Yeah, incredibly famous, but just for this week, until the next episode.

It'll wear off.

That's a week-long famous level of a song.

Flame is fleeting.

Flame is feeding.

I'm always chasing the flame.

Just like the bangles.

The eternal flame.

Guys, what do we plug in here?

Obviously, The Righteous Gemstones is going to be coming out this Sunday on HBO, Adam.

I'm all righteous all the time.

Tell us about your character in particular, because we've talked about the family.

I play a young Kelvin.

Kelvin, of course.

Gemstone.

I'm the youngest in the family and I'm a sassy little bitch.

You're sassy.

Yeah.

I noticed that.

I've been put upon.

Everybody else in the family, they get, uh, Danny's character.

He gets all the respect, all the glory.

Edie's character.

She's the girl.

So, you know, dad loves her and I'm sort of, uh, just like looked past and he just gives me money and I buy video games.

You just buy video and you buy standup video games.

Boy, Randy, you're getting excited by this prospect of video games.

Yeah.

I hope this character invites me over.

Yeah.

You're more than welcome to come over and visit set because they're all working.

You're part of the righteous gemstones extended universe.

Are you not?

Yeah, absolutely.

You and Jiminy Glick.

Yeah.

You're on the Jiminy Glick VR ride.

Yeah.

He's my uncle's buddy.

He is really.

Who's your uncle?

I made a guy named Brett.

Okay.

All right.

I guess I'm more defensive right there.

Why?

He's not famous.

Okay.

He just knows Jiminy Glick.

He's okay.

All right.

Okay.

Yeah.

And needless to say, the steaks, man, those were so high at the end of that episode, but they're gonna...

I feel like if you like steaks.

Yeah.

Whether to eat or to in your video.

Because there are steaks on the show.

Yes.

A lot of times.

Anytime I noticed I was watching the first episode, I was like, every single time anyone ate on the show, they were eating a huge, just like gigantic, like prime rib steak.

And that goes to the steaks within the episode.

Right.

The episodic steaks.

Right.

Exactly.

Okay.

Well, this is amazing.

And it's nine episodes.

First one comes out this Sunday.

Anything else going on with you that you wanna plug?

I'll let you plug anything.

Yeah.

Don't you have a show on Comedy Central coming out?

Or no?

No.

Where's it?

No.

I have a standup that came out a month ago called Adam Devine.

Best time of our lives on Netflix.

I'm doing a voice on this cartoon called Green Eggs and Ham.

That's also gonna be on Netflix.

Is that the Dr. C thing?

Yeah.

Whoa.

Amazing.

Diane Keaton and Michael Douglas.

Never met them.

Whoa.

But they're in the show.

And then I got a movie coming out this fall called Jexi.

Jexi.

What is that?

How do you spell that?

J-E-X-I.

And it's like Siri.

If Siri turned on you and tried to ruin your life.

Okay.

Are you sure it's not J-E-11?

I'm positive.

I was in the movie.

Okay.

Yeah.

Okay, great.

So Rose Byrne plays the voice of the phone and you absolutely can't tell it's Rose Byrne.

You can't.

Why not?

They changed her voice to like the robot Siri sounding voice.

Okay.

So they pitched it up or something?

So it could have been anyone.

I'm like, we're paying her a lot of money to not know it's her.

But good for her.

Those are the gigs I'm trying to get.

So Jexi out in theaters this fall?

This fall.

Do you know the date?

I don't.

I think I heard something about early October.

But if it's late October, that's pretty scary time.

That's a danger zone.

You know what I mean?

Too scary.

Yeah.

Too scary out there.

Yeah.

I don't like to go.

It's not as scary as the stuff that comes out later in the month.

Okay.

That's great.

Why?

Because of Halloween?

Don't even say that.

God.

Randy.

Stand more down, Randy.

Jeez.

Why?

Because of like people dressing up and...

Dang it.

Oh God.

For God's sake.

I mean, you're going to make the rest of us piss ourselves.

Yeah.

I'm like that.

You'd like to?

Yeah.

God, you're trying to punk us.

Boo!

Ah!

Here comes a one on one.

Adam just scared Randy again.

I can't help myself.

Oh, beard.

There it goes.

What do you want to plug here?

I just put...

Say some stuff for my friend.

Okay.

Who's your friend?

My friend.

Same.

Edie.

Oh, wait.

Edie?

She was in...

Edie Patterson?

She was in here earlier.

That bitch was here!

She was here.

Oh man.

I wish I could have had a fight with her.

You don't get along with Edie?

I get along with her great, but she needs to be shown who's physically stronger.

That makes sense.

Who is that?

That's me, bitch.

Oh, okay.

Edie is always flexing on people.

She's always trying to flex on people, trying to say like, who's stronger?

Who's stronger?

I thought maybe today will be the day to show her, but I'll still tell her some stuff she's doing!

This is going to...

Oh, I hope you think you're good because I'm about to tell her some stuff you're doing.

Oh, she's a rusted gemstone.

Judy gemstone.

She is in some movies coming out.

Between Two Farms movie.

Oh yeah, I directed that movie.

Yeah, she's in that.

Yeah, she told me.

Did you have a good time?

Did she have a good time?

I don't know.

She didn't tell me.

I'm assuming from her social media she did.

Between Two Farms movie.

It's a movie called Troop Zero and a thing called Knives Out for...

True Zero?

Troop Zero, like Girl Scouts, bitch!

Troop Zero.

Are you sure it's not Troop O?

I might be Troop O. I have not discussed it with her.

And Knives Out for Thanksgiving.

Knives Out, yeah, which is the Rian Johnson film, right?

Wow, she's in that.

She's in that.

Got a lot going on.

Well, let's not get too excited.

Yeah, no, I mean, you have more going on, definitely.

With the CIB truck.

Plug the truck.

CIB, okay, CIB truck, come on out.

We're gonna tell you a lot of things.

Let's come out.

You could have, even your baby would like it.

Only $4 for a cucumber.

And if you want a bun, it's $17.

$17?

With a bun?

I mean, the trucks...

The name of the truck is Cucumber In Bun.

In Bun, yeah, I guess it would be C-I-A-B.

In Bun.

Yeah, but it's L.A.

So you guys are also carb conscious that like the bun probably costs more.

And it's like this weird delicacy.

I know that I want to go pay $4 for just a soft cucumber by itself.

But it's hot.

It's hot.

It's soft.

It's been boiled.

You've had it?

Yeah, you're a big fan.

Yeah, Bean Dip like hand fed it to me.

Really?

How much did that cost?

Which way?

Dude.

He likes his with bean chili on it.

Wow.

Should he do it lengthwise?

Yeah, no, no, sideways like corn on the cob.

That's what he said.

God damn, dude.

That is what I said.

That's what he said.

Yeah, that's what I said.

Randy, what do you have to plug?

I'd like to plug righteous gemstones because my boy Tim Balls plays BJ.

Is he in your crew?

Yeah, he was in here.

That's funny.

No, he's not in my crew.

Oh, he's not.

Karissa fucked him first.

No way.

That's too bad.

I get it.

That guy's a stud.

And then I guess I'll plug my draining confidence after you guys took a shit on me.

Sorry, bro.

Randy, I don't know.

I mean, I hate to be, you know, in, you know, just high up on top of these skyscrapers that you're washing the windows of.

But, oh, Adam and I just, you know, it's been a while since we've been out there rolling up our sleeves and putting our noses to the grindstone like you, you know?

All right.

Well, hit me up if you want a reminder every once in a while.

And what are you going to do if I hit you up?

Yeah, I don't know.

I'll take you through my day.

That's what you're on the show for.

Right.

So take us through your day.

Yeah.

Wake up, eat a bowl of cereal, smoke a bowl of cereal, JK, go to work, wash a ton of windows.

Watch my...

You're not watching a ton of windows.

You're watching at most maybe like 10 down on the ground floor.

He also does the insides of the entire building.

Oh, OK.

All right.

I apologize.

So at least like 20.

Watch my coworkers do a bunch of blow.

Talk to them for a while because they're real chatty after that.

Eat lunch.

Well, we're only up to lunch.

Yeah.

Then usually take the afternoon off because they're just chatting their brains off.

Right.

And then meet up with Carissa.

Try to avoid whatever scandal she's thrown into my life.

Right.

And, you know, I don't know, usually pass out, go to sleep, catch up on my shows.

What are some of your favorite shows?

First season of American Vandal because of the dicks.

Hilarious.

Yeah, good stuff.

Pen 15, an allusion to dicks.

OK, so you like...

You ever see that dick scene in Game Over, man?

Yeah.

Cool.

Just that scene?

Well, it's like seven minutes long.

That was part of our date.

He said, look, we got to hit all seven of these slides in this hour and a half, but we do have seven minutes for you to watch this on my phone.

That makes sense.

A lot of people do that.

Yeah, definitely.

Fast forward to the other stuff, get to the meat of the scene.

All right.

Well, thank you, Randy.

Is that all you have to plug?

Or there's also a bajillion dollar properties with Tim, Tim Baltz.

Yeah, that's true.

People can get on Pluto TV now.

Yep.

All four seasons, the fourth season's finally coming out.

Yeah, I think it's out at this point.

Oh, it is?

Yeah.

Oh, yeah, that's right.

Yeah, we're in Augie Doggies.

So yeah, it's definitely out.

So people should check that out.

The final episode where Tim's character gets married is a great.

I made a big old spoiler right there, but people have probably already seen it.

They've probably already seen it.

And if they haven't, then maybe this lures them into, you know, the promise of Tim getting married.

Yeah.

And the people will be like, what's marriage?

I got to find out.

I want to plug.

Hey, look, starting next week, the Comedy Bang Bang Tour, Paul F.

Tompkins, Lauren Lapkus and myself are going on tour.

Good crew.

Starting next week, we have Boston on Wednesday, the 21st and Providence, Rhode Island on the 22nd and the 23rd.

We have New Haven, Connecticut, and actually, Ego Woden from SNL.

She's going to be with us on all three of those dates.

So tickets are available for that.

And then we're out in Kansas City on September 5th, Saint Paul, Minnesota on September 6th and 7th and Chicago on September 8th.

And then in November 11th, we're in Philadelphia and November 12th in Washington, D.C.

And then I also want to plug the aforementioned Between Two Ferns movie, which I directed is coming out in just about a month, September 20.

So please watch that when it comes out.

All right, let's close up the old plug bag.

♫ Close your eyes and open up that bag. ♫ ♫ Close your eyes and open up that bag. ♫ ♫ You got to get those eyes closed. ♫ ♫ Yeah. ♫ ♫ Open the bag. ♫ ♫ Yeah. ♫ ♫ Get them. ♫ ♫ Get them. ♫ ♫ Don't be closing. ♫ ♫ Don't be closing. ♫ ♫ Open them up and let's get loaded. ♫ ♫ Let's get loaded. ♫ ♫ Open up the bag. ♫ ♫ Open up the bag. ♫ ♫ Get them. ♫ ♫ Get them. ♫ ♫ Open up the bag. ♫ ♫ Get them. ♫ ♫ Open up the bag. ♫ ♫ Get them. ♫ ♫ Open up the bag. ♫ ♫ Get them. ♫ ♫ Open up the bag. ♫ ♫ Open up the bag. ♫ ♫ Open up the bag. ♫ ♫ Open up the bag. ♫ ♫ Open up the bag. ♫ ♫ Open up the bag. ♫ That was a great song.

Yeah.

Oh, it is a great song.

That is, of course, the closing up the plug bag remix with Alan Tudyk remix.

Guys, I want to thank you so much for being here.

First of all, Adam, always great to see you.

It's been a number of years, and by the way, great job on the Comedy Bang Bang TV show those many years ago.

That was fun.

Such a funny episode.

You play the little ladder.

I forget your character's name, but of course, why would you remember?

Oh, no, my character, I believe I was either a Chad or a Travis.

I think it was Chad, actually.

Yeah.

People look at me and I scream Chad to people.

And Bean Dip, so great to see you.

So great to see you, baby.

It's been too long.

I want you to come back more often if you could.

Great.

I'll come back anytime you want.

I just will gather up microphones and get out of here.

Yeah, you got to make four trips.

So how long is that going to take you today, do you think?

Well, till about six.

Till about six?

Till about six.

Oh, OK.

So about 6 p.m. is when you're off the clock?

6 p.m., I'm off the clock.

Gotta get to partying.

Get to party.

So you party from 6 p.m. till what?

Till about 3 a.m.

3 a.m.

That's too much.

That's nine hours of partying.

Get up at 6 a.m.

What?

Start the day, get to the W handle.

Shit, get out to the truck.

So you only you're on three hours sleep every single day?

If I get more, I'm useless.

Randy, I want to thank you.

I apologize for any offense that Adam and I.

We didn't mean it.

We didn't mean anything by it.

I mean, we're up there in our gilded cages and, you know, we don't know.

We're not used to talking to regular people.

Yeah.

I mean, maybe our drivers are like the closest we get to, you know, talking to.

They're paid very well.

They're paid very well, too.

So, yeah, you know.

Well, I'd love to come back next time you feel like taking a shit on the 99 percent.

I definitely anytime.

That's probably going to be next week.

So.

All right, cool.

So a little further into the oggy doggies.

OK, back.

All right.

Thanks, everyone.

We'll see you next time.

Thanks.

Bye.
