---
layout: page
title: 615. Tatiana Maslany, Kristian Bruun, Paul F. Tompkins, Kirby Howell-Baptiste [https：⧸⧸cloudfront.wolfpub.io⧸CBB-615-20190815-PFTMaslanyBruunBaptiste-SKv02-PW.mp3].mp3.wav
category: cbb 
---

♪ Comedy Bang Bang ♪ All guys fantasize about the tall size of my small fries.

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

Thank you to Matty Walks for that catchphrase submission, and welcome to Comedy Bang Bang for another week.

And we are, of course, deep in the throes of Augie Dogie itself.

August 19th is where we're at.

We have one more Augie Dogie in the books before Augie Dogie of the teens is in the rearview.

Welcome to the show.

We have a wonderful show coming up a little later.

We have a family.

Well, that's interesting.

But before we get to them, by the way, my name is Scott Aukerman.

I'm your host for Comedy Bang Bang.

I'm the host most weeks.

And we have some wonderful people here on the show right now.

A collection of working actors.

Are you who's yawning in the mic?

Who was it? Was that you? Huh?

No. Were you yawning in the mic?

You're stretching. I held it in.

You held the you. So you admit you were bored.

I was bored as hell.

The intro was boring the hell out of me.

I get it.

I understand. There's a stretching noise.

Yeah. We have a we have a collection of four four interesting people who I believe have never met before.

No. Is this your card?

Two of them have certainly met before because they were on the television show Arfin Black together for how long was that on?

Five years. Five glorious years.

Beautiful years. And then I just lived in Christian's bed, his house, his bed.

Yeah. OK. Hey scandalous.

So they were on Orphan Black together.

We have another person who was not on Orphan Black.

No, never. Not even one.

But not even one time.

But has modified his body.

Somebody hogged all the rules.

There were none left over for anybody else.

You would have played the soccer mom.

Did you get paid equally for each role?

Did you know some of them were some of them demanded more?

Wow. Wow.

So a person who's never been on Orphan Black and then a person who should have been on Orphan Black.

Yeah. But I'm an orphan.

Because you are an orphan. Yeah.

I'm so sorry. That's what I thought the point was.

I beg your pardon.

Oh wow. Scott.

Wow.

You and the lead singer of Silver Sun pickups.

Wow.

I'm an orphan.

Oh, that's true.

My parents are dead.

I'm half orphan.

It's not a competition.

I'm not. I'm the least orphan here.

Yeah. You have too many parents.

Too many parents.

You're full of parents. You have like 12.

You really shouldn't have been on that show.

No.

It's really hard.

Hard. It was a hard job.

Let me introduce these people I'm talking about.

The two who are on Orphan Black.

We have Christian Bruun.

Hello.

Tatiana Maslany.

Hello.

The two who have not been on, Paul F.

Tompkins.

Hello.

Kirby Halbaptiste.

Hello.

Here they all are.

Wow.

Finally, the four of us got together.

It's a jam.

It truly, truly is.

Kirby, now people will know you from you've been working a lot recently.

I just saw you on Veronica Mars.

You're on The Good Place.

You're on Something Else.

I saw you on.

Oh, yeah.

Killing Eve.

That show is so good.

Oh, my God.

And they killed her.

Spoiler alert.

I mean, they actually.

Wait.

Yeah, they killed her in the in the premiere season two.

She's dead.

Not in the mirror.

No, Eve.

Mirror.

Oh, stop it.

What?

They killed her.

I haven't seen it.

What?

No, this is not real.

Oh, no.

Freedom of speech, except when it comes to that case called.

No, of course, Eve is still alive.

Otherwise, there would be no show.

Oh, few.

Although she could.

Couldn't she kill just like new people?

It was like change the name of it to like killing Brian.

Yeah.

Or she could kill people exclusively named Eve and just kill all the it's a biblical thing.

Yes.

Oh, yes.

They should have called.

I mean, I just killing, killing women, killing the first no other show that ever existed.

I realized that's a fun twist.

Yeah.

What about killing Steve?

Was that not on the table or I think it was killing Eve, not killing Steve.

That's like the Westboro.

Yeah, exactly.

Guys, this is fun.

This is a lot of fun.

And Paul, what do you have to.

Hey, man, I got a lot going on, brother.

I'm going to be out on tour.

Oh, yeah.

Bajillion Dollar Properties.

All the seasons are streaming on Pluto TV for free.

Wait on where?

Pluto TV.

Pluto TV is free.

Now I can watch the show on TV.

You don't need an account.

Just go to PlutoTV.com.

Every season, every episode.

I just bought the first season and binge watched it.

You're not.

I could have watched it for free.

Do you get any of that money?

No.

Scott, you probably do though.

I do not.

What?

Did you get any of those suits?

No, I did not.

I did not.

I'm not going to keep anything.

Not even the facial hair.

I mean, you had to shave it as soon as you left.

They said that straight to Planet Hollywood.

After we wrapped.

You did get an Xbox, though, when we first made the show.

No, I did not.

You did not.

Oh, that's right.

You gave it to Kuw up.

Is that right?

I had.

This is the story.

OK.

SISO was doing.

Roast in Hell.

SISO was doing.

They were doing an image campaign and they hired me to be the guy.

Right.

So I would explain SISO to people and we did all these sketches.

And you did such a wonderful job.

It still exists.

Yeah.

The money.

Because the people just didn't get it.

The money that they were offering was terrible and they refused to come up on the money.

And it was getting very late.

And I remembered a story where Cameron Esposito and Rhea Butcher were given when they had a show on SISO called Take My Wife.

Yeah.

And they were gifted a brand new Xbox One.

For no reason other than they had a show.

And then Kuw up heard this and was like, I didn't get shit from SISO.

Like they never gave me any presents.

And so in the midst of this negotiation, I'm talking to my agent and I'm so mad at SISO.

And I said, all right, tell them I'll do it for that money.

And they have to send Kulap Vilasak and Xbox One.

Right.

Now when I'm saying this, I'm not entirely serious.

You're just trying to.

I don't realize my agent has taken me completely seriously.

Right.

And then later informs me, OK, so they came up to this and they did send Kulap the Xbox.

Oh my god.

I forgot about that.

We got the Xbox.

We hooked it up and have not played it once.

Right.

I know.

Isn't Xbox One a good thing, a great thing?

Are we at 10 now?

I'm more of a PS4 person.

Oh, so I have to explain.

Tatiana is from Canada.

Yeah, we don't have to.

She doesn't understand these things.

Here, this is going to blow your mind.

They went from Xbox 360 to Xbox One.

It doesn't make any sense.

They're counting down.

They're going the opposite way.

No, no.

Xbox negative four.

360 and then they were like, no, it's just one full turn.

It's a complete circle.

So it's counting the turns now.

You only get one turn per game.

It's a Xbox One.

That's it.

Yeah.

Oh, man.

Hey, let me take a 360.

That's what we used to see.

We get 360 lives.

Yeah.

Christian, the reason for the season that you're on here, this fine episode.

Do we need to have a reason scroll?

No, of course.

You can come on anytime you like.

I love having you on, but you've been away and you have a movie coming out this Wednesday.

I do.

And it's called Ready or Not.

Correct.

And you are in it.

Yes.

You were cast and everything.

Did you know?

I officially auditioned and was cast.

You auditioned for it.

Oh, yes.

He went to the office of a notary public and self taped.

That's where we self tape in Hollyweird.

And this is like a psychological thriller or?

It's like a horror action thriller comedy.

Cool.

A Horack.

I like two of those.

Horack thrill com.

A Borat what?

Horack thrill com.

Borat says what?

Why don't they make psychiatric thrillers where you get pills?

Yeah, really.

Wait, you have to take a pill before you watch the movie?

It's not how I saw you.

And they give you the pills?

Yeah.

You get a pill like it's a popcorn.

A big bucket of pills.

The very last post-credit scene is a psychiatrist prescribing you something.

That's right.

And if Fury comes in.

It's the one time you're allowed to take your phones out.

You take a picture of the screen.

Phones out, bones out.

It has the prescription.

Is that how health care works in this country?

Because I haven't figured it out.

Yeah.

OK.

It's not great.

You are, I think, overwhelmed in this room by public health people.

Public health, yeah.

Yeah.

Kirby, you're from London.

You're from London proper?

I'm from London proper.

Were you born in London?

Yeah, born and raised.

You're kidding me.

North London.

Which is funny because it's, you know what's so weird is whenever I meet people who are born and raised in New York, I'm like, the city?

It feels so strange.

It's like, do they have hospitals there?

Yeah, I'm like, what?

Do your mother arrive?

Seems too crowded.

It's crazy.

Yeah, it's too crowded.

But London is very crowded.

Where do tubes stop?

Oh, well, my mom's always been staying outside.

Someone went to England once.

Oh, it is.

Bleep it out.

Yeah, bleep it out.

Boop.

That's a good thing.

Whoa, I know it.

I know it.

I didn't know you were in there.

Yeah, I lived close to it.

But in Islington.

So I'm like very, I'm like north, very north central London.

But yeah, my primary school is in Covent Garden.

Oh, wow.

Used to take the bus to school.

It's nine years old.

Fancy Nancy.

Not really.

Bus at nine.

We didn't own a car.

So Paul, you're the only American on this panel.

Well, I have a secret to tell you.

Oh, where are you from?

I am a deposed monarch.

From Parador?

Yes, Parador.

Parador.

There was a mood over that.

There was.

That was the movie Richard Dreyfuss.

Yes, where he played around.

Where's brown face?

Oh, does he now?

I believe he does.

Wait, like he become he pretends to be a dictator.

You're so perfect.

Look, I have a little bronzer on.

He is he he looks enough like this dictator that he that they want to assassinate.

Yes.

So that they he takes his place.

I don't remember if they want to assassinate him or if he just or just getting him out of the way or something.

Yeah, I don't know.

Jesus, how are we supposed to remember this?

Officially dies.

That sounds better than ready or not.

Let's go watch that on Wednesday.

What is the plot of ready or not?

Ready or not is about a woman marrying into an unnaturally rich family.

It's been that.

Unnaturally.

Unnaturally rich.

Aren't we all rich?

No, they are unnaturally rich.

They are a family who basically are part of a gaming empire.

They made a fortune in games.

Games.

Starting in the Civil War with playing cards for soldiers and then throughout the year.

Is this true?

This is based on a true story.

It's not based on a true story.

That's a true story.

Everything has to be true.

We're losing it again.

And so every any time someone marries into the family, they have to play a game.

It's just like kind of a fun parlor game that they do.

And I guess it turns deadly.

It kind of turns deadly.

Things go down south pretty fast.

Wait, that sounds dirty.

They go down south?

Oh, Scott.

Well, oh my word.

This is what the kids say.

I screwed up.

They don't go down.

They go to hell.

It gets crazy.

Someone needs someone out?

Oh, boy.

Going to hell on someone is eating them up.

It's going to hell on you.

Go to hell on you.

Well, it looks really good.

The trailer looks amazing.

It's really fun.

It's really well paced.

It's a crazy action romp.

I love it.

It's so much fun.

What a compliment to your own film.

And you know what?

Can I say that?

Having never seen the film.

Yeah, that's true.

I saw the trailer and it looks great.

There's no one good about it.

How was the pacing?

Really well paced.

Because I'll go up to the movie theater, right?

And I go to the box office and I say, before I buy this ticket, what's the pacing like?

One for whatever is most well paced.

One for your best paced film.

Listen, I will say this.

When I read the script, I was like, this is perfectly paced.

And we all know that script translates equally to screen.

That's right.

You are reading one page per minute.

Yes.

It's exactly the same.

And do you have a big part?

Do you have a small part?

Do you have a medium part?

I have a silent role that walks past.

Venti Grande.

It's a background.

It's a background role.

No, I have a good supporting role.

I play one of the family members and his name is Fitch Bradley.

Did he marry into it?

He married into the family.

So he's into this?

Wait, is this the Milton Bradley company?

His of the Milton Bradleys that Fitch Bradley is.

The name of the family is La Domas, which I like to call the dumb asses.

Yes, the dumb asses.

Wow.

The La Domas gaming empire.

How is this different than the movie Battleship?

It's the same.

Which was based on the game Battleship.

Yeah.

Because it's not based on a game.

It's a family.

You mentioned games.

OK, now how is this different to Jumanji?

It's the same as Jumanji.

No, because they're not in the game, guys.

They're not.

It's not based on a game.

Guys, they're not based on a game.

They're not different than the game.

Guys, it's the game.

How is this different than the rapper the game?

The rapper the game, the movie the game.

It's his biopic, finally.

Is mystery in this?

There is Mr. T.

No, no.

No, Mr. E.

From Mr. T shows up with T full of mystery.

Oh, Mr. T spills the tea?

Yeah.

Pultino Shay.

You've heard about a lot of fools, I pity you.

Well, there's one in particular.

Was that a good Mr. T?

I can't tell.

It was pretty solid.

It was flawless.

With the hand.

The little hand.

That was somewhere between Mr. T and RuPaul's Drag Race.

It was really good.

Well, congratulations, Christian.

Thank you.

I wish you the best with this film.

How many reels?

I would say 2 and 1 half reels.

2 and 1 half reels.

So it's 50 minutes.

Yeah.

I'm going to admit I don't know reels.

I'll admit it.

This is a thing that you do.

Where you ask people how many reels, nobody knows.

I don't know.

But then he makes one of them like they're idiots.

Reels are under 20 minutes.

Who knows that besides you?

I didn't know that.

Filmmakers, people in the industry.

Buster Keaton.

Jesus.

Do you edit by splicing the film?

That's the director you can think of?

Yeah.

Good God.

We're digital now, man.

We're digital.

Get with the program.

Yeah, but they still have to break it up into reels because you can't edit an entire hour and a half long thing because it's too big of a file.

I want to take truly digital.

You should teach film school, and I want to learn from you.

In any case, it sounds like a wonderful film.

It's a romp.

Is it really?

Yeah.

Is this good for the whole family, or is this good on date night?

What do you think?

It's good on.

If you're going to go to hell on someone.

If you're hoping to go to hell on someone.

If you want to go hell on someone, definitely take them to Ready or Not.

So when people go into the theater, it's just like guys down on their knees.

There's little knee pads for them.

Definitely.

And you have to get the.

This is a great marketing opportunity, Ready or Not knee pads.

Are you ready or not to go to hell on someone?

That's the catch phrase.

Wow.

I wouldn't bring children to it, though.

There are children in it, but I wouldn't bring children to it.

Do they ever step off the screen?

Purple Rose of Cairo style?

They do not.

Watch the movie?

No.

They are in the film.

That's what they would do.

They would just immediately sit down and watch the movie.

Yeah.

That would scare me.

That would freak me right out.

If every theater had actor kids in it that actually stepped out of the screen, and it sat down in the front.

Yeah.

It's the most polite thing to do, I guess.

Yeah.

They shouldn't see all this.

Blocking anyone's view.

They'd use the knee pads for their little bums.

For their little bums.

They're sweet little bums.

Yeah.

Bloop, bloop.

That's a sound.

Tatiana, what are you up to?

You're done with Orphan Black, which was five years of your life.

You just got off Broadway.

You were doing Network, which I was there the week after you closed and never got to see.

I saw it.

I totally wanted to go.

For me?

I didn't.

You never offered me a business class flight to come see it.

Wait, that was an option?

I had sons on Paul.

I flew him and all of SuperEgo out.

I did see your other, was it a Broadway show?

That was off Broadway.

It was off because it's because of the size of the theater, not the location.

No.

But I did see that, so.

Or the quality.

Yeah.

No, the quality.

It wasn't off in quality.

It wasn't great.

No, it was fun.

It was great.

It was fun.

I didn't see it.

No, it was great.

You did not see that.

The tiny one?

I enjoyed it.

The tiny play that I did?

You only had one scene in it.

I had two scenes.

Oh, OK.

I guess I went to take a shit through those.

I had two scenes.

You had to poop at that part.

He had to poop the last time he saw a movie on the line.

Yeah, I did.

He left in like five minutes.

I was having the worst.

And I was so heartbroken.

I didn't know if you could see me or not, but we talked about this on the show.

What if we changed the topic?

To diarrhea?

Can you tell that story of when you saw the guy?

When you were doing network and you were outside?

Oh, yeah.

So there's an outdoor scene in network because we were using cameras on stage.

Sounds groundbreaking.

It was groundbreaking.

It really was.

It was amazing.

It was fun.

It was a lot of fun.

So we're on the street, and we have this scene that's kind of like a romantic.

We're people on the street.

And it's sort of like romantic scene with me and Tony and Mr. Tony Goldwyn.

Mr. T.

Yes.

Mr. T.

That's Mr. T in Red You're Not.

He's the Mr. T.

Romantic scene with you.

It's varying into races now.

I don't know.

Well, but on Tony Goldwyn's part.

You're in the clear.

But we have this kiss outside, blah, blah, blah.

And then we come into the theater, and it's this one big tracking shot.

This all happens live.

This all happening live.

This is on a big screen in the theater.

You should have seen it.

I know.

I want to.

Anyways, so we're on the street, and there's often people who are passing us by, children, tourists, bubble balls.

It's New York.

It's not cordoned off.

This is purely.

The director's like, I want you guys to be fucking in a disaster.

Like, I want it to be horrible.

He sounds gauche.

He is so gauche.

I want you guys to be in a tour.

I want it to be horrible for you and everyone.

So on the street, a Batman impersonator walked by, and the thing that went through my head was, who me?

Who me?

From a previous episode of comedy being done.

From Bobby Moynihan as Batman.

And you told me you just burst out laughing during the scene.

I was laughing in Tony's mouth as we were kissing.

And I carried it through the whole, the rest of the scene.

That is the power of theater.

Yeah.

What did he say afterwards?

Was he upset with you?

Or was he just like, look, I don't give a shit?

He's like, I don't care.

Did you have to explain the whole thing to him?

OK, so this is probably gauche.

He's like, I'm a grown man.

No, he didn't.

He's a big fan of Comedy Bang Bang.

Oh, OK.

Oh, that's true.

He's really listening right now.

He's Hollywood royalty.

Oh, wow.

I didn't know this until midway through working with him.

Tony Goldblum?

Yeah.

He's one of the from the Goldblums?

He's a Metro Golden Liars.

Yeah.

Boy did doing doing.

So anything in the pipeline?

I know you're you're filming something.

I forget if it was announced or not, but yeah, I think so.

It is the Rockford Files, right?

Yeah.

I play Mr. File.

Right.

Yeah.

No, no, it's Perry Mason.

Perry Mason.

Yeah.

Reboot.

Yeah.

Or revamp.

But this in this one, the the wheelchair comes to life and it's like magic, right?

Yeah.

And he flies around.

It's like it's like a short circuit.

Oh, wait, no, Ironsides.

I was like, people refer to it as is Ironsides ableist.

I mean, is that is that like a slur?

Ironsides was he called Ironsides because he because of the name was something Ironside wasn't his surname.

I think it there's an actor called Michael Ironside.

That's true.

His name was I thought that he was Ironside.

That was a detective's name like his detective.

Yeah.

But isn't it like kind of they called him that because he had oh, it was Ironside.

That was that was the dude.

He was that old detective in a wheelchair.

Oh, I watched all these shows with my nan.

Who's your nan?

You don't know her.

What?

That's what I say when I'm going to hell on someone.

You don't know her nan.

Who's your nan?

Oh, you want to know my nan?

Come on.

Don't go to hell.

Wait, what's Perry Mason again?

Is he a judge?

He's a detective.

Perry Mason's a lawyer.

He's a lawyer.

He's a lawyer detective.

Wait, is that a thing?

Have you read this?

I haven't read it yet, but I hear it's great.

I had my first day two days ago.

Yeah.

I'm a preacher.

Oh, really?

I'm a little tiny little preacher.

They shrink me down on camera.

I don't think they need to.

So this is sort of like the cat's technology?

It's oh, God.

Yeah.

God.

Slimy skin abounds.

But you know, I just go into the trident.

You just saw the trailer.

Oh, how do you feel?

How's your stomach?

Terrified.

I honestly, I was I mean, I was insanely high, but I was like, I was honestly.

Unnaturally?

Unnaturally.

Like legally dead.

I kept watching it and I was just honest.

Honestly, I don't think I've ever been so confused as an adult.

Yeah, I was just constantly like, I don't get it.

I understand it.

I didn't understand the scale.

And then I didn't understand how they got people to do.

I didn't understand it on every single level.

I didn't understand it.

Like every level.

The cats should just be standing next to Evian bottles.

The entire time to let you know these are like tiny.

Yeah, maybe because I also haven't seen cats.

Are the cats in cats?

Tiny, tiny.

These are like miniature cats.

No, on on Broadway.

Yes, they shrink them down.

They are tiny.

Is that what you're asking?

The set is gigantic.

Like there's like a majorly sized tire.

You're high right now.

I'm high and I'm British.

I don't know what cats are.

All the objects are massive.

I'm British.

All the objects on stage are big.

Bigger than it would be for a regular, big to a human or big to a cat?

Big to a cat.

Or even big to a cat.

Or scale to a cat.

They're big to us because we're human.

Are they big to what a cat would be?

Like a cat?

Yes, they're bigger than what they normally are to a cat.

Okay, well that's what I don't understand.

There's a big tire on stage.

So because the people on stage are also humans, the tiger, the tiger, the tiger.

Tiger's also a cat.

But too big.

So they're not allowed.

I'll tell you what though, if they had a tiger and cats, it would be a lot more interesting.

If a gigantic tiger just wandered.

But in the movie, in the trailer, everything looks big even to a domestic cat scale.

That's what I didn't understand.

Yes, the scale is off many times.

Like when it comes to the bed?

It needs to change all the time.

The bed moment where someone's so little.

Yeah, they're so little.

Yeah, it's creepy.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

It made my skin- We'll be there opening night.

Oh, I can't wait.

Oh, God.

I'm definitely going to see that movie.

I can't wait.

Robert T. Ironside was the name of the character.

Oh, it was Ironside.

Played by Raymond Burr.

Oh, okay.

Did he have a nickname?

So who the hell is Perry Mason then?

Perry, pfft.

He's a lawyer detective.

Different guy.

Same actor.

He can be a lawyer and a detective?

I see.

At the same time?

Really?

In the 30s?

Not anymore.

Ironside is another show.

I don't watch old things.

Ironside.

Okay.

What's the oldest thing you think you've seen?

Trailer Park Boys.

Goonies is the oldest thing.

So every- Trailer Park Boys.

Trailer Park Boys.

Canadian shout out to Trailer Park Boys.

That's right, Beachcomber.

Were you on Trailer Park Boys?

Lillis Dobo.

How do you know these?

No, I never did a Trailer Park Boys.

You know there is a TV show called Ready or Not that was in Canada.

In the 90s.

I did a show with Laura Bertram who was on the show.

Oh boy.

No one knows what you're talking about.

It was a teen show.

It was like a digrati.

Start talking clean into each other.

Oh my God, I love that episode where they- I don't know about it, but I think it's like a great show.

It's a real great show.

Oh yeah.

Where are you from Tatiana?

You're from Saskatchewan.

Saskatchewan.

Not Saskatoon.

No, no, go for it.

Cool name.

What's that?

Go for it, say.

What did you say?

Saskatoon is what I used to think it was.

No, close to.

Two hours away.

Saskatchewan.

Regina.

Saskatoon is the tiny town within Saskatchewan.

Okay, you're miming right now.

Yeah, yeah.

For the listener.

I'm showing you that it's like, it's a very rectangular shape.

There was a cartoon and it was set in Saskatchewan, right?

It came to England.

Like I remember watching a cartoon cause I'd never heard of this place and it was set there.

What was it?

I don't know, someone has to know.

There was a cartoon that came to England and- Siri, look up cartoon set in Saskatchewan.

What were the characters?

Do you remember?

I don't remember.

I just remember only knowing about that place from that cartoon.

I would, I'm so horrified.

How do you not know that?

No, I don't know.

I know about- You have a street named after you in Regina.

No, I don't.

You do?

That never happened.

Is Regina a- No, it never happened.

There was a thread of it.

I got a letter that was like weird.

I thought it was in like a suburb that had been built.

That is like on a swamp ground.

I think it sunk into the earth.

That is a classic Canadian thread.

You better watch it or we're gonna name a street after you.

On a swamp.

This place really called Regina?

Yeah.

Okay.

Named after your queen herself.

Regina.

Yeah, didn't even know that.

Regina.

Queen Regina.

Queen Regina Victoria.

I bet she had a lot of people go to hell on her.

God to hell.

Oh yeah.

On her Regina.

And Kirby, you're in, we mentioned Veronica Mars, which I just saw.

You have a pretty big part in that, which is great.

Yeah, it's fun.

Yeah, yeah.

And should we give away who did it?

No.

No, no, we shouldn't.

It's hard with streaming though, because you don't know who's seen what, when they've seen it.

Well yeah, that's the thing.

People will catch up to it three years from now.

Yeah.

We can never talk about it.

You can never talk about it.

So that's why I say like the day it comes out, let's just all say it.

Say it.

No, not today.

How long can you give people?

Two weeks?

No, like a month.

A month, you're right.

A month, a month, a month.

People have lives.

Yeah, a month seems fair.

Let's see if it.

I watched an entire series of a show the other day in like not even the full day.

So I just watched.

Which one was this?

Blowing It, no Blown.

Whoa, Blowing It?

Blue Blown?

Going to Hell.

Oh my God, I blew.

Going to Hell on it.

No, Blown, it's on Netflix.

It's a show about glassblowers.

It's really good.

Oh, I've heard about this.

It's amazing.

I've heard it really good.

It's a competition show about glassblowers.

Were you very stoned for this one?

No, well, no, well I was day drinking.

I'm just day drinking now.

Okay, so you have a problem.

This is a cry for help.

I feel like watching a whole season of a TV show in a day is both, it feels confusing.

It feels very good and feels very bad.

Terrible, it does feel the same as binge eating where it feels wonderful and then you're like, oh, my everything hurts.

I shouldn't have done that.

It's immediate regret.

I have bed sores.

And self-loathing.

Yeah, bed sores.

It kind of comes with a double depression as well because you're like depressed that the series is done because you really clearly enjoyed it because you watched the whole thing.

At least I would hope so.

And then also you're kind of depressed because you're like, what did I do with myself today?

That was my whole day.

Yes.

I'm not productive.

Yeah, I had a lot of other things that could have been done.

I needed to be done.

It's like the marshmallow test writ large.

What?

Are you familiar with the marshmallow test?

Tell us.

Tell us, please.

Please tell us.

Oh, please tell us.

Please.

Tell us about the marshmallow test.

Please, please, please.

This was an experiment they did with children and it was about impulse control.

Oh, yes.

So they say, they have a little kid sitting there in some lab and they say, Big pharma.

Hey, you love big pharma?

Sissy skips down.

And says, hey, you love OxyContin, right?

They say, they say you like marshmallows.

You're a dumb little kid.

I'll give you one marshmallow now.

Or if you wait for a half hour, I'll give you two marshmallows.

Oh, torturous.

Yes, I would fail.

I'm taking the one.

Do you feel like you're gonna fail?

Yeah, I'm taking the one for sure.

I want it now.

Half an hour for two?

Half an hour maybe for like 30.

Well, for two?

You're an idiot.

Fill away.

You're just going to, you're gonna feel the same after eating two that you will after eating one.

You'll have the same sensation.

So just eat the one right then.

With you.

So logical.

You sound like a smart little kid.

You should tell those little babies.

What did the kids do?

They all took the one.

No, some did and some didn't.

And what did it say?

So what's the point of this?

What did it tell us about these babies?

Well, kids are, you know, they're a superstitious, cowardly lot.

And they say the torturous things.

It showed us that it was, it was that- Some people will do something and other people will not do something.

It was a study in how, when do kids learn impulse control?

Oh, I don't think I learned it.

Oh, when are they able to see the big picture, look into the future and say, I stand to gain more if I can just wait a little bit.

So was there an age where they waited?

That I don't know.

I haven't learned that.

I think it's over 39 because I haven't reached that yet.

This was 30 kids from the seven up 40.

That's all those documentaries are.

That's crazy.

25th.

I'm 23rd.

No way.

No, it's not yet guys.

It's not yet.

♪ Happy birthday to you ♪ Mr. President, two months away.

♪ Happy birthday dear President ♪ I'm 10, 9 years older.

♪ Happy birthday ♪ I'm not the president.

Her birthday is before mine.

You pulled me.

Two days.

Yeah, two days, but I'm not Mr. President.

So it still goes to you.

But you are a Scorpio.

I'm on the cusp.

You're on the cusp.

I'm on the cusp of Libra and Scorpio.

So do you read both?

I do read both.

I read both.

Are you on the cusp?

I'm on the cusp of Virgo Libra.

Ah.

I take what I want from that.

Same, same, same.

Which you can do from any of them.

But I really am like, Ooh, this thing or that thing.

Am I on the cusp in your birthday?

If I'm 25.

Somewhat.

22nd and 23rd are like the real cusp.

Those are your days.

Not really.

You're a Scorpio.

Yeah.

But guys, like Mercury's into retrograde or something.

Something.

Yeah.

What are you doing?

We're having a moment over here.

There's a side conversation going on and I turned my head just to see Tatyana.

Double shucker.

Double, double thumbs upping with her tongue.

Double shucker.

That's a hang loose.

That's a power move.

Cause I also have a birthday coming up.

You do?

This is personal.

I love this so much.

It's September.

September 12th.

Really?

When's your Scott?

Guys, July two.

Wow.

It's already happened.

We're in summer.

It's already happened.

We're over it.

We're in summer.

We're fall babies.

Send him back.

I believe there's one person in this room who sent me a very nice text.

Hey.

There's one person in this room.

That's why I have a very nice text.

I didn't send you one.

No, you did not.

And then there's another nice person who gave me a very lovely dessert on my birthday.

It's true.

Scott's dream dessert of whipped cream and chocolate chips.

Yummy.

And you went to hell on it?

I just went to hell on it.

Hell on it.

It's a new pattern.

Just blow and blast.

I feel like, do you think the listener?

Blow away.

That's the name of the show.

Blow away.

Oh, blowing away.

Blow away.

Blowing away?

Blow away.

Blow ing away.

What are you going to ask, Paul?

Who's ing?

I feel like there are moments of this.

We have very strong sleepover energy right now.

Yes.

I love sleepovers.

We've locked the doors.

It's fun.

It just turned 10 PM.

But I've been.

We forgot about parents.

Yeah.

Even though they're just two doors down.

For the listener, I hope that they are enjoying this because it's cool.

I hope they're at a sleepover.

Oh.

Yes.

Listen to this at a sleepover.

You should put a disclaimer.

If you have no friends, instead of having a sleepover that no one comes to, just put on this podcast.

And lie in the dark on a mattress pad.

That actually is a great description of podcasts.

Yeah.

Sleepover friends.

Sleepover friends for people who have no friends.

Now what is the side conversation going between Kirby and Paul?

You didn't know what this was?

And I asked Paul.

What it looks like is what the lady has to wear in The Handmaid's Tale.

Oh my god.

Her finger got cut off, but I didn't know if it was.

Spoiler.

That's true.

No, that's from last season.

It's true.

Still spoiler.

I still haven't watched it.

I'm sorry.

I should have watched it.

I studdled.

You were on it.

Christian was on it.

I know, but I haven't watched it yet.

Didn't you cut off a woman something?

I watched the first season.

No, I didn't cut anything off.

I had my.

All right, all right, Christian.

Wait, wait, you are on it.

You should be doctor.

You should stitch up a lady in a nostril.

Yes.

Oh my god, yes.

Whoa, cool.

And you kind of go to hell on a woman, don't you?

Or ask her to go to hell?

Oh my god.

No.

You look different in real life.

Oh my god, that's crazy.

That's what happens.

He's shaved.

Shaved.

You have no beard.

I have a beard right now.

Yeah, and no glasses.

Yes.

Oh, cool.

Now, in that.

You're really good at that.

No, I love that.

Thank you.

I'm blushing now.

But don't the ladies like the beard when you go to hell on them?

Yes, they do, Scott.

All right.

Yes, they do.

All right, look.

We're.

All right, look.

This sleepover is still continuing.

We still have more show, but we do need.

Jesus.

I was laughing when it turned into a cough.

OK, I understand.

I think I broke a blood vessel in my eye.

We do need to take a break when we come back.

Oh, this is exciting.

We have a family coming up.

Do you guys have families?

I know some of you are.

Family.

I saw some left.

Too much.

I know all about it.

OK.

Well, we're going to talk to a family when we come back.

We'll be right back with more comedy.

Bang bang after this.

Comedy.

Bang bang.

We're back.

And unfortunately, during the break, everyone left.

Other than me.

So I guess I'm here to steer this ship and land this plane on my own.

But I'm sure Tatiana and Christian and Kirby and Paul will come back at some point.

But look, I hyped it up before the break.

We are about to have a family on.

So that's very exciting.

So is the family here?

Or is this where we go?

Hello.

Am I supposed to sit right here?

Sounded like one of you wanted to sing Hello, Hello, Hello.

But whenever I enter a place, I tried to start a song.

And rarely my family will keep up with me on that one.

Oh, sorry about that.

Please introduce yourselves.

You're a family, from what I understand.

Yes.

My name is, excuse me.

You're excused.

My name is Robert Chastman.

Robert Chastman?

Yes.

I'm the patriarch of the family.

Oh.

And these are my family members.

My name's Chastity Aspen.

Chastity Aspen.

And I am a family member of this man to my left.

We are family members.

What is your relation?

I am his daughter.

Oh, OK.

And you married someone named Aspen?

I married into the family.

Oh, you did?

Oh, I see.

And survived the night.

So you're not a blood relative?

No.

But you survived the night?

But I did survive the night.

OK.

Congratulations.

We have shared blood because.

Yours or someone else's?

Please let me.

You are so out of breath.

You can't do.

Are you ever going to get your breath back?

Or is this your natural state?

I walked up the stairs.

I don't know.

It's one flight.

Oh, tell me about it.

We carried him up.

We carried him up halfway.

So it's half a flight.

Yeah.

And you're out.

I'm terribly sorry.

I'm not in as good a shape as I used to be.

Do you think you'll regain your composure or will you?

Time will tell.

OK, great.

So Chastity married into the family.

And I gave her a little bit of my blood in a vial to put into her own veins so that we could become blood relatives.

Oh my goodness.

Now are you yawning or are you just still out of breath?

No, I got dizzy.

I thought I was going to go lights out.

That was one of his lights out moments.

He has a little lady out every now and again.

It was one of my loms.

Yeah, your loms.

Light out moments.

Yeah.

When that happens to him, we have to transfer the blood back.

How long have you been part of?

Oh, really?

Yes.

So you have to withdraw?

Where do you keep that blood?

Oh, we have vials.

And how long have you been with the family?

I've been with the family three weeks.

Three wonderful weeks.

Three weeks.

OK.

And who did you marry?

Whom did you marry?

I married this man across the way.

Oh, and what's your name, sir?

My name is Branston Chastman.

Brains?

Branston.

Branston Chastman.

Chastman, OK.

And Chastity and I have been married for three weeks.

And I thought it a little bit strange that my father gave her blood when I would have easily offered my blood to her, because she's my wife.

Oh, well, you got to get in there early, I guess.

This is the first I'm hearing of this.

Well, I would have offered it, Father, but you readily popped a vein and added a vial of blood to her without consulting me.

And, you know, I think you should have.

It was a wedding gift.

I can't believe how ungrateful you are.

Well, I am.

I know, but I can't believe it.

Well, you should believe it because.

Traits that I fell in love with him about is his ungratitude.

Boys.

Now, who's this?

Hi, Cecilia Chasteman.

Hi, Cecilia Chasteman?

Chasteman.

So you have a different name.

So did you also marry into the family?

Yes, Cecilia Chasteman.

Chasteman.

OK, and you kept your maiden name, Chasteman.

Like Rastaman, but Chasteman.

I mean, it would have been a bit confusing if she hyphenated Chasteman Chasteman.

Chasteman Chasteman.

It would have been a bit much.

Or she could have just changed it to Chasteman.

I'm a modern woman.

I wouldn't change.

Cecilia and I are not.

We are not married.

No.

We are.

She, I am the father.

Yes.

And Cecilia has adopted him.

Hello.

OK.

Husband's number one son.

Son.

Oh, OK.

So this is this a recent relationship between the two of you?

No, we've known each other since high school.

Oh, OK.

But how long have you known each other if you know what I mean?

I don't know what you mean.

Gone to hell on each other.

What does that mean?

Oh, I'm sorry.

That was...

Son, I meant to tell you.

We haven't gone there yet.

You haven't had the talk yet?

It's time for the talk.

Chastity lives up to her name.

And I honor that.

Are you just watching the talk?

Time for the talk.

The talk is on.

10 a.m.

Should we go watch the talk, Terrence?

On CBS.

Then we'll watch the chew.

It's time for the chew.

I love a good chew.

So but how long have you been date or romantic, I guess?

Off and on.

Off and on for I'd say 17 years.

OK.

When you say off and on every other day or what?

Literally every other day.

Every other day.

One day we say we on, next day we say we off.

OK.

You consider her to be your mother.

Well, I call her mother and I call him father, but she's my stepmother.

Who is it?

Who is your actual mother?

Is she still with us or is she moved on?

Moved on that heavenly escalator.

Her blood has been transferred throughout the family.

Yes.

Really?

So she is still with us.

We all carry a lot of her blood.

A little bit of her blood.

I see.

But when she died, you drained the body of all the blood.

It just happened.

Yeah.

Really?

Yeah.

It was spilling out.

It just started spilling out.

We were like, get a bucket.

We had to put it somewhere.

Yes, we put a bucket under her.

How did she die then?

Was she like hung up from the ceiling?

She was desanguinated.

Yeah.

That's how she died.

She was desanguinated by a serial killer?

Desanguination.

No, here's the thing.

Here it is.

She liked to sew.

Oh, yes.

Don't get your opinion.

She was making a flag for the family.

A flag?

An American flag or a flag that...

A family flag.

The crest.

You say family flag as if everybody makes them.

Everybody has a family flag.

Who doesn't have a family flag?

The flag that everyone's family has.

Yes, the family family.

How do you know who the family is at a house?

And what do you hang outside?

Is it plants?

Plants.

Can you imagine?

Is it a literal representation of like pictures of the family or is it like our stars and stripes which represent things?

No, it's like, you ever see that on the back of a car?

The Calvin guy pissing on the thing?

No, please don't be ridiculous.

The In-N-Out urge sticker?

This is a sacred thing.

Please, it's family.

It'll be stick figures of the family in size order.

Holding hands.

Including pets holding hands.

With some truck nuts in the corner.

Yes.

Okay.

Well...

So she was sewing...

Sewing the flag.

Yes.

And she had beautiful long hair.

Beautiful.

She sounds gorgeous.

She was very proud, prideful of it.

That's a sin.

Don't I know it.

And her hair got caught in the sewing machine mechanism.

Yeah.

It pulled her entire body through the sewing machine.

All the way through.

No.

And she had multiple puncture wounds.

What a horrible way to die.

But, I mean, she's kind of always around because she's sewn into the family flag.

It's true.

So her corpse is part of this flag that you guys just fly?

Well, it's dry now and it's quite light.

And flat.

It flaps.

And no blood.

No, it's desanguinated and it flaps.

It flaps.

And honestly, it's nice because I love having my sister around.

It slaps.

It bangs.

It's a bop.

Okay.

I just wanted to check.

So she's out of the picture in that way.

Okay.

But in the picture in other ways.

Yes.

Very much so.

And so how long was it before you moved on to Cecilia Chastiman here?

Oh, what a tiny mind you have.

We would have been together the whole time.

The whole time.

Really?

So you were in a throuple situation or?

You think this is it?

Listen, we on and off every day.

The day I was off, my sister was on.

Yes.

Wait, this was your sister?

Yes.

Eugenia Chastiman.

Eugenia.

Oh my gosh.

So, uh, is she, or was she older or younger or twins?

She must've been.

Yeah.

That's true.

I mean, it's quite obvious.

It's quite obvious she must have been.

What a ridiculous question.

Ridiculous.

And, uh, you guys knew each other from school.

Obviously you must've sat next to each other because your names are so well.

Yes. I know you and your sister knew each other from sisterhood.

I'm saying, uh, Robert over here.

You got to know each other in high school because you sat next to each other.

We were in homeroom together.

Really?

Yeah.

What do you do in homeroom?

I didn't have a homeroom.

Mostly we pass notes back and forth.

Oh, that sounds adorable.

It was pretty cute.

See, I didn't get to do that because you homeschooled me.

That's right.

And you're the better man for it.

Yes.

What was your homeschool experience like?

Well, Eugene and Cecilia would sit me down and well, mother, mother, mother, mother, mother, and mother.

Don't be rude.

Well, no, father, I was explaining to a stranger about the family.

Never talk to outsiders about the family.

Maybe we shouldn't be here, father.

Anyways, they would sit me down and they would teach me everything about birds and bees and trees and letters.

So the four subjects.

Birds, bees, trees, letters, birds, bees, trees, letters, birds, bees, trees, letters, birds, bees, trees, letters.

Did you ever see a bird and a bee in a tree?

Ever seen a letter when you never got better?

Ever seen a bee when you never got a bee?

Look at my knee.

That's what I think of thee.

What a wonderful song.

And you would sing that every day?

We would sing that for...

Instead of the national anthem, we would sing that every morning.

Yeah, if we put our hands over our hearts.

Who are these kids singing the national anthem every morning?

They ship them in.

They ship.

That's where I came in.

I was one of the children shipped in for the song, which is why I always enter singing because I had been trained to do so.

Chastity has a voice of an angel.

I would love to.

Hello.

Here, here's an example.

So angelic.

Look at that bass note.

Dulcet tones of chastity.

Now chastity would sing the national anthem as we would...

It was a compare and contrast so that...

So that...

Branston.

Branston, father.

My name is Branston.

I flashed on those stairs for a second.

L-O-M.

She would sing the national anthem.

We would say to Branston, see, that's how they do it.

Okay.

I would love to hear the national anthem because you must know it.

Oh, say can you see?

Angelic.

Because it goes back.

She sets it up very proudly.

By the twilight's still gleaming.

See, this is what I always love.

I know these whole words.

The interpretation is just delightful.

Did you say hamburger?

And hamburgers cooked by the night that brought gleaming.

Yes.

And the pluckets red flares, blaring down in hare's hairs.

Great pre-moops and Jeff Probst, that other flag was still there.

Take your Cecilia, say, happy birthday.

Stars flame bleed banner yet square.

For the land of opportunity.

And I stand on guard for thee.

Birds, bees, trees, birds, birds, trees, trees, letters, did you ever see a letter that could be from a bird?

Trees, bees, letters, did you ever see a letter that a bird got from a bird?

This is taking me right back to my childhood.

Right.

So I was homeschooled, but we brought people in.

And you're childhood sweethearts?

Or you've only been married three weeks, did you?

Three weeks of marriage.

I saw him across the way.

I saw him sitting in his little desk, twiddling his little pencils.

How do you have a little desk when you're homeschooled?

You're the only one there.

Well, I built it.

I had to build my own desk.

It was a rickety little thing.

You're handsy that way?

That was part of the trees.

I'm quite handsy.

My father has always said I'm quite handsy.

He's quite handsy.

And I said, here, you put your hands to good use.

Just stop groping me.

He was groping you.

That's the opposite of what usually happens.

It was hard to discover what a man is when I'm being taught by mother and mother.

And that's also why they shipped in the other children.

Yes.

Oh, to teach them what a man is.

Like how, you know, if you're und human, you can't teach a dog how to pee.

He has to see another dog pee.

He has to see another dog.

Or German.

Sorry, I'm bilingual.

Yes.

So you speak German.

You speak English in two different accents?

Yes.

Oh, amazing.

They're bilingual.

That's what I said.

I said bilingual.

That's what she taught us all.

How to speak multiple languages that way.

Remember, speak in the language I taught you.

Okay.

Hello, my name is Branniston.

Speaking English with a German accent.

Bilingual.

Beautiful.

Was that in the birds category, the bees category, the trees or the letters?

Letters.

That was the letters.

Of course letters.

The birds category, we would tie a bath towel around his neck and get him to jump off the roof.

A wet towel.

How would you get him to do that?

A wet towel.

Yes.

It's partly the reason why my voice is this.

Oh.

He landed on his trachea.

Yes.

I'm so sorry.

So what was your voice like before?

Well, I can't do it for you.

Why?

Well, I'll attempt.

I have this old recording.

Would you like to hear it?

Oh, yes.

Here.

Perfect.

He always just hook up the reel to reel there.

Yeah.

Just press this over here and then rewind the reel.

And here we go.

Hi, father.

I love you.

You would show me your bird.

Show me your bee.

Please.

Please stop this, please.

Please.

He was an eager student and he called me high father.

Yes.

So you were the high father.

Well, I didn't claim to be, but it made me feel very exalted.

Mother and mother really set up a hierarchy for us to follow within the family unit.

I have to say the trachea accident was an improvement.

Oh, like, uh, that was chilling, bone chilling.

Oh, thank you very much.

Thank you.

No, it's not a compliment.

I mean, it's a compliment to your current voice.

I've always had much deep shame about my current voice.

Oh, well, I hope I cured that for you.

Partly.

I think your, I think your current voice is beautiful.

When you and Chastity sing together.

I would love to hear a song.

We have a band and we're trying.

Oh, you do.

Okay.

There was a question about it.

That's why we do have a band.

No, no, no, we do.

I know you've all been wondering, but yes, every song begins with hello.

Yes.

It's a great way to get the audience to look at you.

Right.

Draw the attention forward.

Usually when I go to a club, I'm facing the wrong way.

And if a band doesn't sing hello.

Exactly.

So what are you, what is your band called?

Well, we're kind of like the Partridge family.

In what way?

In name?

Well, in that we're a family band.

Well, yes.

And they dress like Partridge's own state.

Yes.

And he learned about birds.

In a pear tree.

Oh, that was in birds.

Okay.

Was birds class just watching Partridge family episodes mainly?

It was like musical.

You watch Batman and Robin as well.

Well, yes.

Mostly focusing on Robin mostly.

Chastity.

Are you okay?

I'm not well.

What's going on with you?

Do you have, are you not sickly?

Are you?

I'm super, I'm super sick.

Yeah, I'm dying.

What's been, you're dying?

The blood in my body has been being rejected.

I didn't want to bring it up because I know you're not well.

Is it a different blood type?

It's so kinds of different bloods have been mixed into his body.

And I got, I got the brunt of it.

My blood type is J.

Oh, I've never heard of that one.

That's new.

J negative or J positive.

No, it's 2019.

Which one?

Did big pharma just invent it?

I'm J positive.

I thought so.

Yeah.

I can tell from your disposition.

Yeah.

And it's not, it's not great.

That's why he had such a hard time with the stairs.

Oh, I see.

This blood type does not transfer oxygen well.

So all of your blood has been replaced by a new synthetic J positive blood?

Well, it's not synthetic.

It's just an amalgam of all the different bloods I've had.

They just mix them all together and then they inject it into your body.

It's a bit of corn starch in there.

There's some carro syrup.

Oh no.

It's quite thick.

It's very syrupy and well, I guess it's clogging up poor charity's chastity's heart.

Since we're on our honeymoon and all that.

You're still on your honeymoon.

We are currently.

This is the honeymoon.

Oh really?

You came to Los Angeles?

This was our gift to them.

To them.

This is the biggest gift.

They came along though.

Where are you from?

Where are we?

Isn't it obvious?

That's a bit new.

We all sound exactly the same.

Where else would we be from?

But the place we came from.

Oh, I see.

Together.

And so you say you're dying?

I mean, should you go to the hospital?

Oh yeah, that's big news.

No, this is the way that it is with wives in the family.

They die within three weeks usually of the injection.

Really?

So wait a minute.

Did you know that going in?

I knew.

You did and you wanted to die.

I wanted to die.

You know, I am not meant for this world.

We call her Death Wish Chastity.

Yeah, it's sort of my nickname.

It is fun.

But it's less fun when it becomes reality and serious and my wife's going to die.

Yeah.

So how long do you have on this earth?

I'd say 14 to 20 more minutes.

Oh really?

Yeah, that sounds about right.

Well look, tell you what, the clock is ticking down.

We need to go to a break.

I hate to waste some of your time.

I would love to experience one final break.

Oh, you would?

Yeah.

Would you like to hear about Stamps.com?

We promise them.

If you would indulge me.

We promise them.

We're going to figure it out.

Honeymoo, we'll take you to a podcast recording.

You'll get to hear all the breaks.

Okay.

Well, let's take it to the break then.

We'll be right back with more Comedy Bang and I almost forgot the title of the show.

And we'll be right back with the Chastman family right after this.

Comedy Bang Bang, we're back here.

See?

Yeah.

God, I love that.

What'd you think?

That was so, it was so, it was exactly what I wanted.

There are tears just streaming down your face.

Yeah.

Oh, the eyes rejecting them.

The body.

Yeah.

You don't look good.

Yeah, it does.

Because you're smiling so hard.

Yeah.

Everything feels loose.

You look like the joker himself.

Yeah.

Can I make you feel better?

Chastity is your husband.

You're never going to see the joker.

Oh no.

No, I won't live to see the joker.

Can we get an advance copy within the next 20 minutes?

Please Scott.

Someone call Todd Phillips.

You're a Hollywood guy.

Come on Scott.

All right, I'll call.

See if we can get it here within the next 15 minutes.

But I'm afraid that you're not going to be able to watch.

The first five minutes in.

Oh Chastity, we only have 20 minutes left in our marriage.

Well.

Do you want me to go to hell on you?

Oh, I would love that actually.

Do you have your little knee pads?

Yes, here.

And we just, they say ready or not.

Oh, they're slimy.

They're already wet because I like them warmed in water.

Like a wet towel.

Yes.

Okay.

Would you like the wet towel wrapped around your neck as well?

Oh yeah, please do.

Okay.

This is sort of, would everyone like a wet towel to wrap around?

Yeah, I would never say no to a wet towel around my neck.

Sort of like an airplane all of a sudden being in first class.

Oh God.

He's draining the blood.

Oh, is that what going to hell on?

Yes.

Is sucking the blood out of.

He's killing her.

He's taking her to hell.

And I, and I, and I, and I've come.

Oh, this is great news.

Stop, stop.

Don't touch me.

This is a bit sensitive.

When I'm done going to hell.

Wow.

I'm, I'm so sorry that I, oh yeah.

Do you need me to sign anything?

Yeah.

If you could sign this waiver to say that you witnessed.

Oh, okay.

Are you a notary?

I am a notary.

Yeah.

Perfect.

Scott, do you have a moist towel?

Just, uh, can you get a thumbprint right here, please?

For me?

Oh yeah.

Could I just get a, a little vial of your blood?

A little vial of my blood?

Come on.

Just give her a bit of blood.

I guess so.

What would you use it for?

Oh, Indian giver.

Well, no, that's not a, I don't think that's a good term.

Anymore.

You're not allowed to say it anymore.

It's not appropriate.

It doesn't match.

It doesn't work.

Right.

It doesn't track.

You see the blood.

Doesn't track.

Thank God.

You're dying minutes.

Oh God.

Helping me out.

What were you going to say, Cecilia?

I was going to say in the blood to his head.

So he doesn't know when things track or not.

Yes.

Oh, sorry.

I always forget when I was speaking in German.

It's so confusing.

What should we be speaking in?

Well, the language of our people, where we are from.

Oh, yeah.

Where's that again?

We've been over there.

Oh my goodness.

You can't ask us that.

No, please don't ask us this.

All right.

Well, you need a vial of my blood.

I'm certainly willing to give it.

Okay.

And, uh, oh, okay.

You have a syringe handy.

Okay.

Great.

Please pull your pants down.

Do you want me to just pull my pants down?

Where do you want to take it from?

The bum bum.

The bean.

The obvious.

From my sweet papa.

No.

Oh, he's a penis.

The penis.

He likes it from the penis.

I think the bum is sweeter, but the penis is.

Do you want sweeter blood mother?

No, let's get that bitter penis blood.

Okay.

Well, here we go.

It is full of blood.

Do you need me to get it hard?

Well, it's just semi-hard so that there's some blood.

All right.

I'll get a semi going.

Let me think about.

Oh, okay.

There we go.

No, you have to say what you thought about.

You have to say what it was.

It's like a birthday wish.

If I say what I thought about, I'll never get to have sex with it.

And it might go away.

All right.

Here we go in three, two, and it's okay.

Oh, that's all right.

Let me, uh, were you picturing a loaf of sourdough bread?

I was with a whole minute.

Oh, like bread bowls.

Fresh or dry.

Yeah.

And yes, there was some clam chowder in it.

All right, here you go.

Which kind?

The red or the white kind?

The red.

It's that time of the month.

All right.

Here's the vial of my blood.

What do you need it for?

What's everyone open up?

Okay.

Here we go.

Open up.

Delicious.

Yummy.

Not as sick as yours.

Oh my God.

I thought you were going to use it to rejuvenate yourself.

Oh shit.

That would have been a great idea.

We forgot it was for you.

Chastity.

No, I feel great.

What blood type are you?

I am a positive.

That would have helped.

That would have been the one.

That's exactly what she needs.

I think I'm all out.

I don't think I can imagine anything sexier than that.

Are you desanguinated now?

I believe I am desanguinated.

How does it feel?

It feels...

Now you have a semi.

What's going on?

Just keep talking, please.

No.

I need a semi to get some blood for chastity.

I'm trying to save her life.

Why?

What blood type are you?

Well, I'm B positive, clearly, because I always be positive.

That's when he learned about the bees.

So the bees was just B positive blood?

So the birds, you watch Batman and Robin.

Yes, mostly Robin.

Obviously focus on Robin.

Like she said.

Partridge family.

Jumping off the roof of the town.

Bees is all about B positive blood.

Yes, and being positive.

And being positive.

Manifestation.

And sewing and partridges.

And trees.

What did you study during the day?

They made the desk.

Right.

Oh, they made the desk.

Okay.

And then letters, of course, was speaking in German.

They switched to speaking in the German language with English.

I feel like you're trying to catch us.

Oh, I'm not.

I'm just...

You can't catch us.

You can never catch us.

Are you Leonardo DiCaprio?

Look, I...

My semi is going away, Scott.

Oh, because I said Leonardo DiCaprio?

Yes.

Brad Pitt.

No, it's shriveling.

That's even worse?

It's like a cupid's penis.

What words can I say?

Harry Dean Stanton.

Father knows how to get me going.

Is it the Harry part?

Yes.

Yes, it is.

All right.

And jab.

Huh?

Oh, all right.

Let's hand this over to Chastity.

Remember not to feed...

No, no, no.

Chastity.

No, Chastity.

No, it's for you.

Here.

Oh, she's swallowing it.

Okay.

I thought you'd do it.

How do you feel, Chastity?

I'm not well.

This is ending.

Oh, no.

What, your life or?

The life.

The life I live.

You just say my life.

She's getting out of the life.

Oh, I see.

Getting out of this conscious...

Mother, father, what should we do?

I'm losing my bride.

You've gone pale and you have sunk into your knee and your...

Yeah, your cheeks...

My eyeballs are loose.

My teeth are loose.

Would you like my knee pads?

Would my knee pads make it more comfortable for you?

Yes, if you put them under my eyeballs.

Oh my God, your nostrils just fell out.

Oh no, my bride.

Oh God.

Her nose is just blank.

How do holes fall out?

The holes fell out.

It's weird.

It's so strange looking.

I'm doing...

I'm turning inside out as all women do.

That's the difference.

That's what mother taught us.

Yes, after 40 you turn inside out.

That's why women become invisible.

That's why men don't see us anymore.

We turn inside out.

That scans, that scans mother.

Like as if we went over a swing very, very fast.

Oh yes.

My wife.

Oh no.

My life.

My life, my wife.

Boris says what?

Destiny, we will miss you.

You were a wonderful addition to the family for this fortnight and a half.

You've been the best wife I've ever had.

How many of you have?

Xnay.

Six.

What? No, nothing.

Xnay onto Afnay.

Did you not...

Whoops.

You've had six wives?

Wait, wait.

What?

Oh, I don't want to die.

No, no, no, no.

I need to know the truth of this.

Yeah, stop turning inside out.

Put those nostrils back in.

Oh, I bunged it.

I bunged it right up.

Oh God.

You've had six wives?

I've had a few wives.

This is your sixth wife?

And they've all died?

Yes.

He's planning a trip.

After three weeks.

Yes, he's planning a trip to St. Ives.

Yes.

Oh, I don't know what that means.

That's where they make the creams and the soaps and the scrubs.

You have to have seven wives to go to St. Ives.

Oh, I had no idea.

What do you think this bag of cats is for?

Yeah, seriously, Scott.

I wondered.

They've been very obedient, I have to say.

They've been very docile.

They're asleep.

Shooosh.

Oh, we gave them some antihistamines to sleep.

Oh, okay.

The over-the-counter stuff.

It's not illegal.

Oh, yeah, yeah.

Just like Allegra?

Yes, it's Allegra.

Funnily enough, that was the name of my third wife, Allegra.

Some Elestra, too?

No, Lunestra.

Oh, okay.

Lunesta?

Elestra was in the chips that made everyone have diarrhea.

Oh, Elestra, yeah.

The cats do have diarrhea.

Yes, the bag is half full.

I was going to say, that's like a real brown bag at the bottom.

Yeah, we're very positive.

The bag is half full of diarrhea.

Yes.

But wait, Chastity, you did not know that you were the sixth wife?

I didn't know this fact.

I'm sorry.

I thought I was the seventh.

Oh, yes.

I thought I was completing the cycle.

St. Ives.

No, I need one more wife.

Who is going to take my place?

Well, that depends on father and mother.

They arrange every one of them.

Do you have a candidate in mind?

Well, we'll ship someone in, but I have a very good daughter who could be a prime candidate.

So good.

Would you like to meet her?

Yes, very much so.

She's been outside this entire time.

Oh, okay.

Oh, yeah.

Bring her in.

Well, this is a surprise.

Madeira Belle, come on in.

There's another...

Madeira Belle, come in, Madeira Belle.

This is Madeira Belle.

Hello.

What a beautiful voice you have.

Thank you.

Are you the sweet little apple of my eye, Branston Pickle?

What's your name, sweetie?

Branston Chastain.

Oh, boy.

Are you ever a little pickle to remember?

My God.

Well, he truly is a pickle to remember.

You can't talk.

You can barely talk.

What did you say?

What's your name again?

Me?

Yeah.

Oh, Madeira Belle.

You know her, she's your daughter.

Oh, we've met before?

Yes.

We're blood cousins, you and I.

We should we be getting married, mother father?

Yes.

Medulabelle, is it?

Medulabelle.

It's a normal name.

And Medulabelle in a different dialect.

In German, I believe it's Medulabelle.

So now you're a Medulabelle Chastain.

Yes.

And you've never met Branston ever.

Only traded letters.

Apparently.

But I think they wrote them on my behalf because they set up all these marriages.

Oh, I see.

Well, but I held the pen in my left hand, so it looked like a little kid.

It was, there were some E's that were backwards, like on a lemonade sign.

And you fell asleep on your hand as well.

Yeah, I did.

I'm a stranger.

Yeah.

Why are you making that weird voice, father?

No reason.

So, well, I mean, what do you think, you guys?

I mean, if you like what you see.

Chastity, meet Medulabelle.

Medulabelle.

This will hurt?

Yeah.

Really?

Well, this will hurt?

Well, this is hurting.

Honey, it's not my choice.

What's with your eyeballs?

What's with those little eyeballs?

She's dying very soon.

Their nostrils fell out.

Get rid of her.

Get her out of here.

Well, let's have some decorum, Medulabelle.

Medulabelle, I do have to say, if you marry into this family, I mean, you will be completing the prophecy.

Yes.

But you will only have three weeks left on this earth.

As long as I can hear one last plug.

Oh, well, wow.

I mean, you may be in luck here.

She's never heard a plug.

It will be her first.

She's never heard a plug?

It's my first and last.

We promised her she'd hear plugs.

We have some coming up that you may really enjoy.

I'll stick around for that.

Okay.

And maybe we get a little married.

What do you say, pickle man?

Well, first Chastity has to die so that I can then be...

Chastity, what's your ETA on this?

It's done.

Really?

You're out?

Oh, there she goes.

And she's gone.

Oh, no, my Chastity.

Oh, it's fine.

She'll get over.

Jesus said, it is finished.

And Chastity said, it's done.

She's done.

She's crumpled on the floor, Scott.

So do you guys want to get married right now?

Or...

I mean, if that's fine.

Did you check Chastity to make sure that she's really dead?

I'm just pulling on her little bones and they're all coming out.

Oh, she's dead.

She was just like a fish at a campfire.

Oh my God.

Just like a fish at a campfire.

That could be next year's next one for him.

It could be.

I have to ask Robert, are you an officiant?

Are you able to pronounce them man and wife?

Sure.

Oh my God, he's my father.

Isn't that all it takes?

Well, I mean, also, no, you need to officially be recognized.

Oh, maybe that's different here.

Yes, not where we're from.

Oh.

Not where we're from.

My God, what's wrong with you?

Stop, it doesn't define us.

It's a bit much, Scott.

All right.

So if you want to have a ceremony here, I mean, it wouldn't be the first wedding ceremony, I believe.

Okay, well, don't make it not special.

All right.

Oh, heavenly father, look down upon this union.

That's my favorite part.

That's like a lot out of me.

That's it.

You're breathless again, father.

Breath, honey.

Oh God, you're out of breath already.

You check.

I haven't sung in 50 years.

Really?

What a joyless life you've had.

Yeah, it sucks.

Branson, do you look upon your bride?

I'm looking, I'm looking.

And say to her, oh, I wish to love you like nobody's business.

Oh, I wish to love you like nobody's business.

Such loose vowels.

Thank you.

Do you say vowels?

You say vowels or vowels?

Little bit of column A, little bit of column B.

I do have a bit of a leak going on from excitement.

Oh, Lester.

Now then, Medula Belle.

Yes.

Look upon your beloved and repeat after me.

Oh, I shall love you until the day that I die in a fortnight and a half.

I love you, love you, love you.

Oh, I shall love you until the fortnight ends and then the blood gets transferred back and forth.

I think she's scatting on this.

She's going rogue.

She's gone into full scat, Father.

She's a scat man.

Well done.

Amazing.

And now Borat says what?

What?

He says Borat or Brutt?

He says Brutt.

And is that the...

Now I will finish the ceremony.

Will you do it with me?

Of course, dear.

I like to see a wedding.

I like to see people in love.

The end.

Father, Mother, am I married?

Yeah.

The end.

But I mean, what does the end mean?

It means the end, Mother.

So nothing happens between the two parties involved?

Well, we go to St. Ives for the honeymoon.

Oh, okay.

That's why you have these shitty cats.

I mean, like the you may kiss the bride part.

Maybe that's not tradition.

Why would they kiss?

That's weird.

You may kiss your bride.

You may kiss your mother.

Go to hell on the bride.

Yes, you may go to hell on the bride.

Oh, here we go.

One sec.

We call it a 96.

My knee pads.

Thank you.

You got them off of the chastity's body.

Thank you.

Okay, here we go.

And wrap it around.

Sounds like me when I'm eating a Thomas's English muffin.

Yep.

And I came only after two whole licks.

This one's a keeper, Father, Mother.

That's what I say after eating a Thomas's English muffin.

One, two, and this one's a keeper, Mother.

Well, guys, this is beautiful.

I mean, what's more beautiful than crosstalk?

Thomas's English muffin.

She asked an answer.

Well, you know, Medula Bell, one of your wishes is coming true because we're running out of time here on this show, but all we have time running out of time as well.

Yeah, the three weeks is counting, but we only have time for one final feature on this show, and that's a little something we call Pla.

Pla-choo.

Ah, I think I saw some dabbing during that.

I might have put a dab into that.

Yes, I think I saw a dab from someone who's never done it before as well.

Not just you.

I clearly don't know how to dab.

That was nothing but those plugs by a picture of a tractor.

Oh, I believe this is the second time a picture of a tractor has given us a plug seam.

That was great.

Kind of a chromatics feel a little bit.

I enjoyed it.

All right, guys, what are we plugging?

Jump in.

Anyone who has something to plug, let's go for it.

Well, we will be going to St. Ives.

Okay.

Yeah, with those cats.

Kids, cats, sex and wives.

Yes.

Is anyone have any thing that they're looking forward to seeing out there in any kind of media?

I'm interested in listening to a serial audio book.

Oh, serial.

Yeah, with Sarah Kanting.

Sure, yes.

Orphan, Orphan Black.

The next chapter.

Never heard of it.

Well, you got to check it out.

We'll binge it.

That'll be our handymoon.

What is this?

To it in the car.

Yeah, what is this?

It's a it's like a sequel to the.

Well, you didn't know there was a car?

I didn't know cars existed.

We forgot to tell her about cars.

That was not part of birds, bees, trees or numbers.

No, no, no.

Never talked about cars.

Letters.

I'm sorry.

So what is this?

It's a sequel to the television show.

It's a squeak to the television show.

Comes out 10 years later.

It's not in 10 years, but in 10 years from the canon of the show, when it ended.

You sure know a lot about this.

It's set in like this is 2028.

2020 is when when we follow the clones back down the rabbit hole.

When does it come out and where can people get it?

It's it comes out soon on serial audio, serial audio.

You're sure about that?

I'll get you back on that one.

Come back to me in a week.

Really, you're going to be here next week?

We'll be here next week.

Sure.

Right.

That's right.

That's going to disrupt your St.

Ives.

Yeah, we come back with this.

Yeah, I feel like it is a cereal box, which is the premium digital reading and audio platform.

Cereal box, the premium digital platform.

Sure.

All right.

Wonderful.

Anyone have a movie or anything?

Original demeum.

I I'm really hoping that the St. Ives cinema will be screening this really fun film from I believe the Fox searchlights or something like that.

It's called Really into movie making.

I'm really into it.

It's called Ready or Not.

And it's kind of a fun wild ride of horror and thrilling times and action comedy.

Father, do you have anything to plug?

Yeah.

Oh, you're running out of air.

First of all, I want to plug elevators.

The best invention.

Secondly, comedy bang bang is going on tour.

I hope they go to St. Ives.

Right?

That would be lovely.

Not currently.

Where are they going to be?

Well, let me tell you, it's starting this week in Medford, Massachusetts, Medford, Boston area on Wednesday.

And then on Thursday, we go to Providence, Rhode Island.

And on Friday, we go to New Haven, Connecticut.

And then September 5th in Kansas City, Missouri, September 6 in St. Paul, Minnesota, and September 7th in St. Paul, Minnesota.

All of those shows are going to be with Ega Woden, by the way.

She's from SNL and this program, she'll be joining us.

Who else?

Some other people that I don't want to say.

Why?

I don't know.

Why wouldn't you tell the audience?

Are there specifically two people that are always going to be there that you can mention?

It's not a surprise?

Well, I thought maybe someone else would want to plug that.

I'm asking you.

All right.

Paul F. Tompkins and Lauren Lapkus will be there.

Oh, now I'm on board.

I would buy a ticket to that.

So you're not going to St. Ives.

Are you going to go to where we live?

I hope so.

All right.

And I'll hold you to that.

Do you live in Chicago?

Because we'll be there September 8th.

All right.

Obviously not.

You're being callous.

Well, I do want to say this, and we have a new couple of shows to announce.

We will be going to Toronto.

Oh.

Terrible place.

Ugly, ugly.

Terrible place.

That will be September 20th as part of Just For Laughs Toronto.

And we are also going to be there on the 19th doing our first ever live episode of Three-dom.

Uh-oh.

No way.

So that'll be September 19th and 20th.

JFLTO.

And then...

Will Victor be there?

Is Victor the mascot?

The green...

Yeah.

The little green monster with the big nose.

Yeah.

Big nose.

I think he has a big nose, doesn't he?

Okay.

He's got a wild laugh.

We're also going to be in New York at the New York Comedy Festival on November 8th and Philadelphia on November 11th and Washington, D.C. on November 12th.

All right.

Those are all the dates that we have coming up.

And...

Oh, you really took over my plug.

Sorry.

Do you have anything else you want to do?

No.

Cecilia?

Hello.

Mother?

You know, I'm excited to see...

There's a show I want to watch and it's called Why Women Kill.

And I think to myself, why does they kill?

Why do you kill?

As the guy in West Side Story said.

Well, we know why men kill, but why do women kill?

I don't know.

I can't figure out.

And I'm hoping that this show is some sort of documentary.

It's just exclusively about women who kill for hopefully the most silly of reasons.

This sounds great.

Yes.

And that's on CBS All Access.

Yes.

How much access do you get there?

All of it.

360 or AKA one?

One.

You just get one show.

You pay for the whole service and you must choose what show you want because that is the only show you will ever get.

You can also get the show Star Trek Disco Very.

You get that show, Strange.

That sounds like quite a deal.

Amazing.

And also I saw another show called Go Oot Fight.

Go Oot Fight.

Well, there is another show on a different streaming service, The Dillion Dollar Property.

This sounds intriguing.

Is it on Pluto TV by any chance?

It is on the funny AF channel or it's all seasons are now on demand.

Seasons one, two, three, and four that you can get.

And that's a great show.

The AF stands for Ah Funny.

Funny?

Ah funny.

Channel 423.

Is that not a real show about real estate?

Oh no.

Did you not talk to him about this in one of the either in birds, bees, trees or letters?

I forgot to tell you about spoofs.

What is a spoof out there?

Like a spoon.

But yeah.

Imagine if you had a spoon.

And then somebody made a spoon that didn't.

It looks kind of like a spoon.

What do you mean like a spoon?

Making fun of the spoon.

Like a fork does.

Like a fork.

Like a spoon.

A spoof is a fork.

Because the spoon is the thing already and now we made fork?

Right I make it.

It's a mockery of the spoon.

Okay now I get it so it's not real.

I also want to plug the Between Tooth Ferns movie which is coming up September 20th.

Netflix worldwide.

So anywhere you are in the world watch that.

But I thought that was just a sketch.

Oh no it's a spoof.

It's like a fork.

And also like a tree.

So you have to watch.

This is part of trees.

Yeah I'm gonna have to watch.

Yeah as part of your trees.

Alright let's uh that's about it.

Let's close up the old plug bag.

Close your eyes and open up that bag.

You gotta get those eyes closed.

Yeah get up on that bag.

Don't be closing.

Open up that bag.

Let's get loaded.

Let's get loaded open up that bag.

Open up that bag.

Open up that motherfucking bag.

Open up that bag.

Those are great songs.

Yeah.

That is pretty good.

Alright girl we have an addition.

Amazing.

Well guys I don't know where our regular guests went but fuck them.

Who cares?

Yeah who cares because you guys were so much more entertaining.

With a bunch of a-holes.

Uh I want to thank you guys the Chastiman family and the Chastiman family and of course the Aspen family.

The one representative from the Aspen family.

Rest in peace.

Rest in power.

Definitely rest in power.

Definitely.

She was 19 years old.

On our flag.

Alright please come back and let us know how it goes with the uh the you know obviously the uh the the the it's I'm trying to say uh proclamation no what is it the- Prophecy.

Prophecy thank you.

I don't know what's wrong with you.

You're welcome.

Because I can't think of one word.

Yeah it's ridiculous.

Didn't you go to homeschool?

Maduabel can barely talk.

Buhay!

She doesn't even know what a car is and you're- Buhay!

Buhay!

Wait is that just something that you say where you're from?

Yeah.

Where is that?

Oh come on!

Buhay!

This is just getting ripped off.

Alright we'll see you next time.

Thanks bye.

Buhay!

Eerus!

you Thank you.
