♪ Comedy Bang Bang ♪ My foreskin brings all the moils to the yard. Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

Hmm. Thank you too, and I don't even want to say it.

Circumcizer for that catchphrase submission. Thank you so much.

It's like Voldemort. I never want to say it ever again.

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang for another week. Last week of Augie Dogie.

This is very exciting. We are bringing... We're putting Augie Dogie to rest.

I guess we're putting Augie Dogie to sleep. He's going to that great farm in great style today.

My name is Scott Aukerman, host of Comedy Bang Bang, and we have a wonderful show today.

A little later we have an archaeologist. I don't think we've ever spoken to an archaeologist on the...

Oh no, we have, yes. Two of them in particular that I'm thinking of.

But we'll hear exactly what is up with the world of digging and digging for old stuff.

We also have a country band a little later. So a very musical episode today because our first guests are not a country band, although you reside in a country, if I'm not mistaken.

True, true. That country is the United States of America!

Woo!

Yeah. Absolutely. Love it. John Lovett or John Leavett.

And they have a new record coming on. This is the first record in three years, four years?

Four. Four years. Yeah.

A whole presidential term has gone... Have you... Well, like, I have two thirds of one and like a little bit of another one.

Sure, yeah. To be fair.

But it's been, heck, I'm just gonna say it, a while since you've had a record out.

The new record is called Chain Tripping and it's out this Friday.

Please welcome, for the first time, although you have been around here and we have met before, but first time on this show, please welcome Rob, Jana, and Claire from Yacht.

Hi! Hi! Hi!

Oh, sorry. Geez.

You're stepping on my lines. I usually am the one who says, hi!

Really? Yeah. Oh.

Welcome to the show, guys. Thank you so much for being here.

Oh, thank you for having us.

You have been L.A. stalwarts for a long time. The first time we ever met, I met you in a backyard of a house.

Is that true or is that untrue?

Oh my God, I don't remember. True.

Isn't that so rude? I know. I know what you're talking about.

Jana, you know what I'm talking about. Yep.

I have the worst... Oh, that house!

That house. Oh, yeah. Yeah, the drug house.

Wasn't a drug... Oh, hold on.

They're my dealers.

No, we met at a backyard concert, like an all day fundraiser, where I performed and had one of the worst performances of all time, I believe, because it was in a backyard.

Yeah, it's awful to play in a backyard.

Not on a stage either.

It was like, hey, there's... we need the stage for the musicians coming up a little later.

So do you mind just doing it on the grass where everyone's sitting?

I was like, all right, I'll try.

I don't think we had a stage.

Yeah, there wasn't much of a stage.

Yeah, well, maybe a slab.

You had a designated slab.

There were like French windows and like an area.

I literally was walking amongst the people doing my bit.

Oh, God. I don't remember your bit.

So that's good.

Thank you very much. Always nice to meet a fan.

But I do remember you guys.

I was so impressed.

Just a blistering live performance and made me immediate fans.

And so we talked after the show and I got to know you guys.

And it's so good to see.

I was so happy when your representative wrote to me to say that you were coming out with a new record, because it's been quite a minute since I've seen you and the new record's great.

And tell us all about it.

Jane Tripping.

Shout out to John Galkin for reaching out.

Yeah, that's our label dad.

Yeah.

Great guy. Always sends me records.

Could stand to send me more.

Big comedy fan.

I'm not going to say that he's been stingy with the records, but I would appreciate a weekly package instead of a thrice monthly.

And more than one copy of each thing, right?

Sure.

Oh, by the way, I forgot to bring the extra copies of your record in here for the other participants on the show.

Wow. We haven't even seen our record yet.

You haven't really?

I own three copies now.

On vinyl?

No, on CD.

My preferred medium of choice.

I heard the CD sounds good, actually.

Yeah.

Great in a car.

Okay. Where to begin?

This is Claire, by the way.

Hi. I have the woman's voice.

Maybe.

What does that even mean these days?

It's true.

In this economy?

Hey, you know, whatever works.

So yeah, we spent three years.

As Larry David once said, whatever works.

Wow. Okay.

So it's a record.

It's an album of 10 songs.

It's an album that includes 10 songs.

It is somewhat unusual in the fact that we used artificial intelligence to make it.

Oh, now tell us what that means.

I know that sounds like so gimmicky out of the gate, but I promise it's very intellectual.

I've seen the movie AI with our good friend Haley Joel Osment.

Yeah.

Does it have anything to do with that?

You know, the part at the end where they kind of tacked on that bit?

That's like 2000 years in the future and the robots are on.

That's where the movie starts to me.

It's like that part.

It's not like the first two.

It's not it's not the Stanley Kubrick part.

That part.

No, we decided like three three years ago that we wanted to make a record with AI because we I don't know, we wanted to punish ourselves maybe.

When you say you made it with AI, you found an AI and inducted them into the band?

No, no, doesn't work like no.

You know, a lot of people sort of commonly anthropomorphize AI.

You know, it's like when you say AI, you think like a guy, usually a guy or or a woman, a servant.

I mean, usually what I'm thinking, I'm thinking of a woman.

I think you have very specific characteristics, but go on.

You have a very beautiful, very beautiful woman.

No, but it's not that at all.

You know, it's a bunch of complicated, unrelated mathematical processes that are actually like so tedious to work with.

And when we started this project, we wanted to just like give an AI all of our back catalog and be like, make us new songs.

And then we'll do this conceptual thing where we perform these songs as written and it'll be like, wow, so weird.

But then it turns out that the technology just isn't at that point yet, which is a good thing.

So you were trying you're trying to get someone else to write your songs for you.

Smart.

Yeah, a lot less work.

Yeah.

Again, in this economy.

Right, of course.

Now, I, of course, very famously, I think I did a commercial with an AI named Zoe who went out of business very recently.

And I found I tried to engage her on Twitter and have some conversations.

And it was just infuriating.

Yeah.

So that's a chatbot, right?

Yes, exactly.

Okay.

Yeah.

I mean, they're not good at anything is the thing.

They're really good at like taking a bunch of information and then and then like learning all of language just from that information, like which in and of itself is amazing.

Like it takes babies five years to do that or whatever.

But what they spit out is usually so an AI can do anything a baby can do in five years.

And in five years, an AI will be able to do that in like two seconds.

But now it's still kind of a tedious process, right?

So but so what did the AI do for this record?

Exactly?

Well, the AI wrote the melodies and the AI wrote the lyrics.

But when I say that, I mean that the two several different mathematical processes spat out like 10s of millions of words.

And then we had to be like, okay, what are the most interesting words?

So you edited?

Yes.

Yeah, very big human in the loop situation.

Okay.

But did you read all these 10,000 words?

We tried.

We read so many.

We read a lot.

Is that like the size of Moby Dick?

How many words is Moby Dick?

Oh, it's bigger than Moby Dick for sure.

Way bigger than Moby Dick.

Yeah, just choosing the album title.

I had to read like 6000 potential album titles, which totally broke my brain.

Really?

What were some of the ones you didn't pick?

Oh my God.

Will you pull up that note?

Will you pull that up?

We should have pulled that up already.

Yeah, the thing will spit out infinite titles and some of them are really, really good, but they're all like just a little bit meaningless.

Not like chain tripping.

Yeah, not like chain tripping, which means a lot.

In fact, we Googled it and the only two things that came up were one like ancient Arrowhead page about like taking DMT over and over again, chain tripping.

And then one YouTube video that was like, that's like a 25 views, like guys like whipping a physical chain around some kind of like piston or I don't know, mechanical thing.

Okay, now I'm intrigued.

I've got the list.

Where do you want me to start?

These are the list is life.

Let's hear it.

Okay, here we go.

Just for the sake of the audience.

He's scroll.

He's scrolling liberally with his finger.

He's still scrolling, scrolling.

He's scrolling.

He will never stop scrolling.

This is really a long list.

Yeah.

Okay.

So just some of these at random.

What do we have?

Galaxy hour crash March.

I can't hum too.

Wait, number two.

I can't hum to kick in pieces.

Oh, that's good.

Nasty heroes.

Bad stop seed.

None of these are great.

They're all like kind of passable, but they're not right.

I can hum too.

And after you read so many of these moon TV color of the week, beat the path, complicated chasers, jump like a child, jump like a child is not bad games, colon an artist's journey.

Enjoy that.

So roses, you get it.

Was there a, uh, was the command to come up with an album title or was it, did you command it to, and when I say command, I guess maybe you asked nicely.

I don't know.

It's a command.

Did you say like, give us a bunch of random phrases or was it like we need an album title?

We did three different things.

So one process was we trained this AI on only every movie title on IMDB.

So that's some of them kind of sound like movie titles.

So it learned language, character by character, letter by letter, just based on IMDB movie titles.

Okay.

And so that was one process that didn't work.

None of them were too much like movies.

So then we trained them on a corpus of every band we've ever liked, every song title and every album title of theirs.

And that also didn't really work.

Didn't really work because did it, did it echo them too much or was it too, no, it's just like slightly off.

It's hard to explain, but yeah, like nothing fell.

Always on slightly off.

Sounds like IFC.

RIP.

Oh wait, no, it's still around.

Dead to me.

The third model was a thing called GPT-2 and Claire, you can talk about this.

Okay.

Well, GPT-2 is this AI model that like Elon Musk's terrifying AI company made and it is trained on all of the texts on the entire internet.

And when they invented it, they, they wouldn't release it publicly to the world because they thought that it would instantly destroy humanity.

They were like, this will destroy all language.

Like it will fill the internet with quote unquote plausible nonsense and it will be impossible to differentiate like anything from it.

I mean, I feel like we're already there.

So what's the point?

Just go ahead.

So the way this one works is you can give it a prompt.

You can be like Scott Ockerman is, and it will fill in the blank with just paragraphs of nonsense, but it will like rereference your name and stuff.

It gets really porny really fast.

Oh really?

Yeah.

If you want it to.

So that for that, we just said the next yacht album title is, and then it gave us a list of like 50.

Okay.

And I kept doing that over and over until I got something that I liked.

And then that's how we got Chain Trip.

And so was Chain Tripping the one you were, as soon as you saw it, you were like, this is it.

No, we're in business.

Nope.

We had like a top five.

We had the top 10 for awhile.

Like Chris rocked it.

I can't remember the other ones.

I have the list.

If you want to hear the top five.

I think one of them was dancing with a bubble.

That's pretty good.

It's cute.

I think it's cute.

It's cute.

Yeah.

Claire, by the way, just mind to dancing with a bubble.

It looks good.

It was cute.

Oh yeah.

Fruits on the groove.

That's not bad.

Sounds like a nineties hip hop record.

Yeah.

Mind out.

Okay.

That was in the top five.

Yeah.

I really liked Mind Out.

I fought for Mind Out.

Guys, can I talk to you for a second?

Doodled into nothing.

Not bad.

I like it.

Yeah.

And oh yeah.

Just personality.

That one was pretty good.

Personality.

I actually, that ties in with the theme too.

Because AI is kind of half a personality.

Yeah.

I think it should have been called personality.

Okay.

Well shit.

Oh, Interview with a Balloon.

That was, that was one of my favorites.

Oh wow.

Yeah.

Well, you know, it's a great record.

I've heard it.

I've listened to one of my three copies twice.

And so do that math and you got a great record.

That's 20 songs.

Yeah.

I've listened to 20 songs.

And you're going to be playing songs from it here today.

Yes.

Yeah.

And now you primarily lately at least work within the realm of you're on the DFA label and you're sort of a dance music for lack of a better descriptor.

But you're playing all these songs live and I saw you during your soundcheck and Jonna, you're like switching between three instruments and you're doing all the keyboard parts.

And so it's a, this is a very exciting to see you guys do these just mere feet from us.

So very excited for that.

So and Chain Tripping comes out this Friday.

Is that right?

Yes.

Are you worried that, let's see what movie comes out on Friday.

Oh, don't do that.

Oh, nothing really out.

Although I will say that, Oh no, I think Blinded By The Light is still, it's been in theaters two weeks at this point.

So I think you're okay.

I'm so relieved.

I know that all of culture can only consume one thing on each given day.

I will say we all agree on what it is.

It Chapter Two comes out a week after your record.

So that's good.

You have a good seven days before it Chapter Two takes over the cultural conversation.

So try to listen to it within those seven days before Pennywise and Pound Foolish come into your brains.

He's just so spooky.

He is so spooky.

Guys very happy to have you here.

We're going to be hearing songs from you very soon.

But before we do that, we have to get to our first guest.

Is that all right?

Yeah.

Please.

When I say first guest, I mean, you guys are like family at this point.

Okay.

Olive Garden.

Yeah.

He's an archeologist and we're going to be hearing exactly what that means.

Where he digs, what he digs for.

Please welcome to the show, Lil Tony Diamonds.

Hello, Scott.

How are you doing today?

I'm doing great.

This is the band Yacht.

Hello Yacht.

This is Claire.

This is Johnna.

This is Rob.

Hello Yacht.

Hello Scott.

That's great.

I like that.

That's fun coming in right off the bat Scott.

So you got Yacht Rock.

You got Scott Rock.

Scott, I got to get something off my chest right away.

Oh my gosh.

Okay.

I'm coming in hot as hell Scott.

I knew another guy who came in hot.

I'm telling you.

It's a common thing these days Scott.

I need to let y'all know that I was raised to be a pimp Scott.

You were raised to be a, did I hear that correctly?

I was raised since I was five years old to be a pimp Scott.

Really?

So that's after what an AI can do.

That's right.

I learned language.

The second I learned language, they was like, all right, send them out in a pimping game Scott.

So you were raised to...

I was raised to be a pimp Scott, but of course when I came of age, I looked at my life and I said to myself, Scott, I cannot be a part of this dark, dark, dark occupation Scott.

Okay.

So you, uh, how long were you a pimp then?

I never, I really dabbled for a couple of days.

How does one dabble in pimping?

Okay.

So first of all, you got to go to the pimp academy.

Oh, I don't know what that is.

The pimp academy, well you, of course you don't know what that is Scott, but let me squeeze you in the game.

I know the player's ball.

Yeah, of course.

Of course.

That's Scott.

That is crossed over into white culture.

That's crossed over.

We all know about the player's ball.

White people know about the player's ball Scott.

Now, well, you know that I have three international players of the year in my family Scott.

I did not know that.

The Diamonds family is a pimping institution.

Like a dynasty.

Really?

It's a dynasty Scott.

But who in your family is also within the, I hate to keep saying the word, but uh, fuck it within the pimp profession.

The pimp profession.

Well, Scott, you could say it because I am not proud of it Scott, but I will say, we're talking about it.

Of course we're talking about it.

I will say Scott, my daddy's name was Danny Diamond.

Okay.

And he's no longer with us?

He is no longer with us.

Or he changed his name.

He is no longer with us.

And he changed his name.

Oh he did?

When?

It was in his will.

He said, when I die, I want to be buried.

I want to be buried as Jim Parsons.

Jim Parsons?

I don't know.

My dad was weird.

So how do you, do you ever get confused when you visit his grave?

I get lost all the time.

Wait, aside from visiting his grave, you get lost all the time?

These are things Scott.

Can I say that it's not good to get lost all the time as an archeologist?

Yeah.

It's like you're the guy we entrust with.

I'm the one, people are following me, but I will say it is hard to find my father's grave because I go to Jim Parsons' grave and somehow that's somebody else sometimes.

So it's a different Jim Parsons.

It's a different Jim Parsons.

This is crazy Scott.

Okay.

Wow.

Of course I did not want to perpetuate that life Scott.

The life what?

The lifestyle.

Oh, okay.

I'm sorry about my lisp, but like I said, I was raised to be a pimp Scott.

Wait, so you learned that?

Yes, that is right Scott.

This is a put on right now Scott.

I can stop it at any time.

What's your real voice sound like?

I just want to hear a taste.

It's kind of like this.

Okay.

So it's very close.

Just without the lisp.

That's right Scott.

So I gave up being a pimp.

After the pimp academy, I dabbled for a couple of days.

I went out on the streets, tried to make eye contact with some hoes.

None of them was coming out of pocket.

So I say, you know what?

Pimping ain't easy.

It sounds too hard.

You just gave up.

Well, it wasn't that I gave up.

It was that it was too hard to do it and look at myself in the mirror at night.

Oh, I see.

Do you understand?

Pimping ain't easy to look at yourself in the mirror at night.

That's what they don't say.

That's the whole phrase.

Okay.

I understand.

So what did you not like about it?

Well, of course I didn't like the practices of manipulating people when they're down on their luck and the criminal element and drugs.

So now I'm an archeologist Scott.

Well, that's wonderful.

I mean that is a...

I went to UCLA archeology school.

Oh, okay.

After you...

Okay.

So I was definitely a young...

I was an older man in college Scott.

Oh, okay.

It was sort of a back to school situation.

Sort of a back to school situation Scott.

Doing cannonballs in the pool.

Doing cannonballs.

And of course I will never take off my green suit.

Oh, of course.

Even when I jump in the pool Scott.

And oingo boingo in the hot tub.

Yes, of course Scott.

Okay, great.

So Scott, I want to talk to you about archeology.

That's why I'm here today.

Wonderful.

Yot, are you interested in the field of archeology?

No, not at all.

Not at all.

Okay.

Well, let's see if you can hook us into archeology.

Let me school y'all to the game of archeology Scott.

Okay.

All right, sure.

Now, to be a good archeologist, you got to get up early as hell in the morning Scott.

Really?

What time?

I'm walking before the motherfucking birds get up.

Okay.

I mean...

I'm driving to work and the birds already chirping, baby.

So you get up before they get up, but then when you're driving, they've gotten up and they're chirping.

Yeah.

By then they've had opportunity to wake up and start chirping.

Okay.

So, so that time period pre birds getting up, how long does it take you to get ready?

Takes about three hours.

Three hours to get ready?

Well, Scott, a part of the game that I have never lost Scott, is I got to keep looking good Scott.

Oh, okay.

Your sense of style.

I didn't want to describe you.

Right now I'm wearing a big ass green suit with a big triangular green hat with tassels going all around it.

I got gator shoes.

I got gator undershirt.

You do?

Yes.

Wow.

And I have one gator gold tooth.

And what have you done with your hair here?

It's...

Wait, wait, wait.

What's gator gold?

Oh, gator gold?

I'm going to squeeze to the game young Jana.

Gator gold is gold that you melt on a gator's back.

So it has the outline of the gator print.

Oh, I see.

It's not like a gold leaf.

No, no.

You melt the gold on a gator's back.

Does that hurt the gator?

I don't know.

I have no friggin idea.

Never asked.

I'm an archeologist, not a biologist.

It would have to be hot gold.

Oh yeah, it's hot as hell.

You know what?

A lot of the gators die.

I would think so.

I mean, it's almost like tar and feathery.

Yeah.

But you know, I'm not here to talk about dark things, guys.

I'm here to talk about archeology.

Okay, well please.

So it seems to me as if you get up three hours before the birds get up.

I get up mad early.

Now Scott, something that people don't understand is that archeology ain't easy, Scott.

It's not.

Is it more difficult than pimping?

Because pimping ain't easy.

To be honest, when people used to say pimping ain't easy, I look back on that time and I say, what the fuck were y'all talking about?

I mean, you really don't do anything other than manipulate people.

Yeah, it seemed to me like you just need to get over your confidence level.

Yeah, like looking back, I'm like doing so much work these days.

First of all, it's so much red tape to get into these archeological fights, Scott.

Red tape?

How do you mean red tape?

I mean, you've been to school.

I've been to school, but...

Seems like they just offer you...

Here's the thing.

I want to go to pyramid of Giza, right?

Sure.

I gotta talk to the Egyptological Society in Egypt.

Really?

That's crazy, Scott.

I mean, you can't just go, I guess.

See, I tried to.

Okay, so I did get in trouble.

I am banned from Egypt right now, Scott.

You're banned from Egypt?

That is right, because I did try to go down there and pimp some game on the pyramid of Giza.

What do you mean pimp some game?

Well, I go up to the pyramid of Giza and I'm like, hey, what's up, pyramid?

Hey, what you doing out here by yourself?

You letting people walk up on in, y'all?

You know what I mean?

You ain't get no money?

Let me take some of these antiquities off your back, baby.

And then I give them to a museum, man.

Make some money.

They belong in a museum, certainly.

Can I tell you something, Scott?

That is exactly what I said when I saw these antiquities.

I went in the room and I said, first of all, I said I hate snakes because they were a bunch of sticks.

And then I looked at these things and I said, I hate snakes, Scott.

Oh, snakes.

Oh, okay.

Come on, man.

No one hates sticks.

Nobody hates sticks.

We all love them.

I love sticks.

And I love the best sticks.

Bring them in the house or leave them outside.

Do y'all like the best sticks?

Where do you stand?

Mr. Roboto.

Oh, yeah.

Everybody loves sticks.

Of course, Mr. Roboto was all about what you guys do.

Yeah.

Everybody loves sticks.

What was I saying?

Oh, yeah.

I go in the archeological site and I say, all these things belong in a museum and that museum is going to pay me.

And I'm going to sort of troll around the museum, making sure people pay and protect the art.

Can I say a little Tony diamonds?

It seems to me as if you're using the techniques and tactics of your previous job as a pimp in your current job as an archeologist.

Scott, what you're describing right now is a classic comedy device.

That would be so...

That is not what's happening.

But it's your life.

That is my life.

And I wish it was not truth.

You wish it didn't have so many characteristics of a comedy device, but it's your life.

It's like, I don't want people laughing at me, Scott.

No.

Because archeology ain't easy.

That's true.

And I do want to say I'm also up for archeologist of the year this year.

You are?

International archeologist of the year.

Did you find something of note?

Of course.

Yes, I found a mummy, Scott.

You found a mummy?

Yeah.

Damn.

Hell yeah.

Was it like...

That's what everybody says.

I found a mummy and they go, damn.

Was it like walking around or...

No, it was definitely laying down.

What are the misconceptions people have about mummies?

So a lot of people think mummies are like always walking around, arms outstretched, they got toilet paper on them and stuff.

That ain't true, man.

What is true about a mummy?

Most of the time, Scott, they are just covered in salt and they are like in a very dark room that is hard to get through.

Right.

And when you say something's been mummified, it's just they're in a container that has been vacuum packed?

It's almost like they pickle in them.

But they're still scary.

They're definitely scary, but it's mostly because of all your anticipation.

Once you get in there and brush the salt off it, it's just a bunch of calcified organs and stuff.

I mean, that still sounds scary.

Yeah, it's pretty scary.

But I will say you're not going to get haunted or anything.

No curses?

No, I got the mummy right here in my back pocket.

You do?

It's small?

No, no, it's huge.

Look at how big my pants are.

Oh, those are giant.

All right, pull out the big old mummy.

Oh my God.

Oh, wow.

Oh, geez.

No, that's definitely scary.

It is scary, right?

But I'm taking this this year.

It's a lot about the anticipation though.

Once you see it, that was just calcified organs.

But this is what I'm going to be dragging into the fucking international archaeologist ball this year, Scott.

And I'm going to be dressed to the motherfucking nine.

Oh, I can imagine.

Is the mummy going to be dressed?

Oh, I'm going to dress this mummy up.

Seems like it would be on brand for you to dress the mummy up.

Oh, hell yeah, it's on brand for me, Scott.

It's almost as if it's like continuing my comedic device in someone.

I guess I would know.

But it's true.

That is just my life.

Maybe my life is a comedy, Scott.

I don't know.

I would love to film you for the next year of your life and edit it together and just put it out and maybe people will see it as a drama.

But it sounds like a good idea, Scott.

It's like when that dude went on David Letterman with the beard and he was kind of in a movie, but we didn't know Joaquin Phoenix.

I believe you're talking about.

And now he doesn't have that beard and he's the Joker.

Hey, man, he's very, very scared.

Don't say it.

Do me a favor.

Can you do me a favor?

Don't say his name.

Don't talk about the Joker, Scott.

Yeah, we shouldn't talk about him.

I'm a little too scared of the Joker.

We shouldn't talk about circumciser.

We couldn't.

We cannot talk about him and I do not want to talk about Danny Diamonds.

I don't want to talk about my family and my dark history in the second work.

Who is Danny Diamonds?

Danny Diamonds is my father, of course, Scott.

Oh, right.

I'm sorry.

I know him as Jim Parsons.

I mentioned to you that he changed his name before his death.

And of course, he died in mysterious circumstances.

What made them so mysterious?

Well, he was strangled by what looked like a toilet paper monster.

A toilet paper monster?

Yeah.

And he had a toilet paper around and there was like some dirt and salt and...

And like marks on your father about like arm high?

Yeah, like if someone just was walking with their arms out and then grabbed...

Wait a minute, Scott.

You don't think it was the mummy, was it?

The mummy?

Yeah.

Are there more than one mummy?

No, this is the only one I've ever experienced, Scott.

I don't...

When did this happen?

I mean, did it happen...

Well, it happened very recently.

Right after I found...

Right after I found the mummy, Scott.

You brought the mummy home with you?

Oh, Scott, archaeology ain't easy, Scott.

Especially when toilet paper monsters are killing your father.

It's like the game done changed, Scott.

I used to just swing from ropes and run away from big rolling rocks, Scott.

And now I'm getting chased by a mummy, Scott.

The game done changed.

I mean, you haven't been chased by a mummy.

It sounds like you're dragging him along.

Maybe...

Man.

Do you guys think my father was killed?

Well, it sounds like it, yeah.

Most definitely.

It sounds like you're taking your father's murderer as a date to the Archaeology of the Year Award 2019.

Possibly.

You're dressing up your father's murderer in a little pimp outfit and you're taking him to the Archaeology of the Year Award.

See what you're saying.

That is what it's like.

Alternatively, a lot of people are found dead on the toilet.

Very commonplace.

Of course.

To be found dead and...

Covenant salt.

Sort of...

A couple rubies were there.

Rubies?

Yeah.

There was a crown.

A full on crown?

Yeah.

What about a scepter?

No, there was no scepter.

No scepter.

Okay, good, good.

But there was blood writing on the wall that said, a mummy did this.

Okay, well...

So it might have been a mummy.

Yeah, this is a big tip.

Do you think I should get it to AI?

Why do you think a...

Is that easier than Archaeology?

Because truly, Archaeology ain't easy.

Pimpin' ain't easy.

It's a lot less scary.

Is it?

Yeah.

You never woke up in the middle of the night and started reading album titles and they were like, Janna, I'm coming for you.

Wait, Janna, I'm coming for you.

That's a cool album title.

Janna, I'm right behind you.

There was a little bit of that, but it wasn't direct like that.

And it wasn't scary.

Yeah, it was mostly like, nice and fun.

Okay, cool.

Janna, let's hang out.

Oh, that's cool.

That's cool.

Help me.

Help free me from inside this machine.

Help me help you.

Was there any of that with the blood writing of like, friendly fun stuff?

I did say something like, you must release me for the curse to be broken or something like that.

Release him?

Okay, I'm really worried that you've brought this mummy.

No.

AKA toilet paper monster.

Yeah, yeah.

This mummy's in my stable right now.

So nobody looked this mummy in the eye.

This is currently my mummy.

Okay, is that?

That's just it.

That's the rules in the Archaeology game.

Okay, but it seems very similar again, if I may point it out.

Scott.

To the rules of the other profession that you dabbled in.

I just giggled a little bit, Scott, because I see what you say.

When you look at it.

Thank you for explaining that giggle.

I was very confused by it.

The only time.

If anyone giggles on this panel, I need an explanation because I'm frankly, I'm thrown by it.

Wow, Scott.

You know, I'm over here cracking my shit up because the more I think about it, I'm like, this is a, this almost is like a comedy character.

It almost is, but you're a real person.

I'm a real person.

With real wants and real desires.

With dark ears.

And I got a personal life.

I got a wife.

I got a lot of things.

Oh, my wife.

Um, my wife's name is Felicia.

Wait, the Felicia.

Like the mummy.

That's right.

From the Cosby show.

Yeah.

Well, we don't talk about that.

Oh, you guys never have talked about it.

Never talk about the Cosby film shot.

You really, you've never brought it up even once.

I just found out she was on it.

You're not a fan or never really disappeared so far into character.

When he got canceled, I was kind of like, good riddance, man.

This shit was never really that funny.

What was he eating a sandwich or something?

Get out of here.

It's a big, long, hoagie.

Big old hoagie.

Man, get your Cosby ass out of here.

Shit ain't funny.

Shit was never funny.

Always telling people to pull their pants up, right?

Pull your pants up.

Man, I'll set your ass to the curb, Cosby.

So you've never said that to Felicia?

No, I've never said that.

Oh, my God.

Will she listen to this?

She might, especially if you tell her you're on a show.

She might.

Oh, no.

Where did you meet her?

Oh, I met her at a Emmy wrap party.

Oh, really?

Like a UTA Emmy wrap party?

Yeah.

No, it was the it was the writers who wrote the Emmys.

They had a wrap party.

And I think she was making it appearance for some reason.

Writers spending money?

Yeah, it was wild.

This is crazy.

This was the days before the whole, you know, ATA agency bullshit.

But anyways, yeah, I bet her she was catering at this thing.

I think she was catering.

Yeah, she was making like a period.

She has a catering company.

Well, oh, OK.

I guess the residuals have dried up.

Yeah.

And she doesn't want to collect those residuals.

Oh, really?

Yeah.

Oh, interesting.

Oh, yeah.

I've never talked about it.

You this is just what you're gleaning from.

Yeah, I just we both say we share a bank account.

Oh, I've never seen one with the Jewish.

I can.

Oh, OK.

Does she have another account?

Maybe.

The Cosby account, which, by the way, would not be a bad.

Sorry, I didn't want to tell.

Oh, wow.

First of all, the Cosby Cosby accounts.

I don't hate that idea.

It sounds pretty funny.

But wow.

It might be like the Cosby Mysteries where it's thrilling, too.

I'll tell you what.

If my wife has another bank account.

She could do whatever she likes.

That's great.

You've really grown since your pimping day.

That's right, Scott.

Because I would think I would think upon hearing that news of your wife having another bank account, another bank account and money that she's hiding from.

That's right.

Scott, typical to your former profession, you would possibly fly off the handle and use techniques that would intimidate her from continuing with that behavior.

But as we've said up, Scott, I'm not doing that shit.

You know, of course not.

I do not do that.

You really have grown.

Congratulations have grown.

Thank you.

So I guess I'll just I guess I'll just put the mummy under the table.

We don't have to talk about the money anymore.

As the saying goes, put the mummy under the table.

You heard that saying before.

Put the mummy on the table.

Leave the mummy on the table.

This could be either of those could be out.

Thank you.

I think this is like a 20 20 experience.

Part one and two.

Thank you.

Yeah.

Well, we have to go to a break.

Is that OK?

Scott, you do you do you man?

I get to talk about the wonderful world of archaeology.

Scott.

Oh, OK.

We'll leave several spaces in the show for that.

But yeah.

Are you guys ready to play a song?

Is that are you guys into that?

I'm ready.

Yeah, sure.

And what is this one going to be called?

Or do you like to keep people in suspense?

What do you like?

You like spoilers or do you like not like spoilers?

No spoilers.

So we don't know what this is.

Do you want to tell people the name of our music?

No, we should.

Let's spoil it.

OK, what do you mind?

This song is called Downtown Dancing.

Downtown Dance.

Downtown in parentheses, right?

Dancing.

And I believe from the two spins that I've given one of my three copies.

This is the lead track or the opening track of the of the record.

It is.

Yeah.

And you guys are going to be playing it live.

You go on over to your instruments and we'll wait here.

This is going to be fun as hell.

It's going to be fun.

Yeah, you came in hot, but you you really you settled down and you have become just a wonderful charismatic, you know, like other characters that maybe roll through here.

We come in very hot, but we really settle in.

You really do.

It's always great to see.

All right.

You guys ready for a here we go.

This is a live version from the new record chain tripping.

This is Yacht with Downtown Dancing.

Welcome to your pleasure.

Just don't make a sound.

I'm looking.

I'm making.

I'm going to.

Excellent.

Wonderful.

All right.

We need to go to a break when we come back.

We will be right back with more Yacht, more Little Tony Diamonds.

And oh, we have a we have a country band as well.

Incredible.

We'll be right back with more comedy bang bang after this.

Comedy bang bang.

We're back here.

Yacht, the band is with us.

All caps stylized as all capital letters.

It's an acronym, sometimes with a pyramid, by the way, instead of an A, which should be very exciting to our other guests, Little Tony Diamonds.

I love pyramids.

Yeah.

You'd like to get in there, I bet.

Hell yeah.

Hey, if you want to make it big, you got to dig, baby.

Is that what they say in the archeologist game?

Yeah.

The old messages of the archeology game.

Is it really?

What's the oldest?

The oldest one is if you want to you want to make some more, you've got to explore.

I love it.

As mentioned, Little Tony Diamonds is here.

Former pimp who is now an archeologist and who has taken some of his characteristics from his former life and uses them in his current life and yet somehow has rejected some of the other ones.

He's a full, complete person who learns and grows.

And speaking of learning and growing, my interest in the show is growing because our next guests are they're a country band.

I don't know that we've ever had a country band on here.

We have a lot of rock bands.

Yot, you're in the electronic mill you industry and haven't really had any rapper hip hop bands in here and haven't had a country band.

But we'd love to have them if anyone ever wants to.

But please welcome to the show.

Their individual names are Brantley Aldean and Harlan Haywood.

This is Memphis, Kansas breeze.

Hi, everyone.

How y'all doing?

How you doing?

Thanks for coming over to our genre or having our genre.

Yeah.

Well, what do they call those graphs that have the circles that you know what I'm talking about?

Yeah.

Van diagram.

Van diagrams.

Yeah.

Good pull.

I was going to say pie chart.

I was going to say aptitude test.

Well, you know, country has been hot as hell these days.

Yeah.

You know why?

Our name is Memphis, Kansas breeze.

Yeah.

I guess it's cooling down the hotness of country in a way.

Yeah.

It is a little bit.

Yeah.

Crossing over, you know.

You ever worry that breeze is going to cool you down to where you no longer have any career or?

Yeah.

You know, sometimes if it did, if it turned up to a wind, we would be maybe a little worried.

Right.

But it's just a simple breeze.

You know, you could stand.

I mean, we get, you know, a little bit popular sometimes.

Okay.

If a breeze comes, you know, we're the number one band for southern guys that watch stepmom porn.

Yeah.

Okay.

It's a very popular genre.

Yeah.

Very specific, but huge.

Yeah.

You ever sitting in your house in your underwear and you got two windows open on two different sides of the room?

Yeah.

Get that cross breeze going.

All of a sudden you just get a little.

Yeah.

You know that.

Just right over the top.

And you're like, well, that feels good.

And then it's as fleeting as it was pleasurable.

Yeah.

That's a breeze.

And y'all said it's canvas Memphis breeze?

Memphis Kansas breeze.

Okay.

What is that?

Are you from two different places?

We are.

Yeah.

He is from.

You say that like it's the first time you're learning this.

Surely that went into the name.

No, no, no, no, no.

That was, that has been pre-decided.

Yeah.

He is from Georgia and I am from Alabama.

Yeah.

Okay.

What does Memphis, Kansas have to do with, uh, there is not a Memphis, Kansas.

Is there a, there's a Memphis, Tennessee, Kansas, the state.

Yeah.

We just like how those rolled together.

Yeah.

And we like barbecue and there's Memphis style barbecue and there is the whole state of Kansas style barbecue barbecue is very popular.

Yeah.

So, uh, uh, you took those three words that you're very interested in, uh, two of them barbecue related and one of them, uh, weather related.

And you came up with your name.

Yeah.

We were going to be called dry rub cloud for a minute there.

We were trying out some different names.

Yeah.

But like AI came up with that one.

Well, kinda it did kinda, I was listening to y'all say that and it reminded me of see what happened.

I was building a computer in my house and I got shocked.

You were.

Yeah.

Why, why were you building a computer from scratch?

Because I'm not going to go buy one from some store.

No, we got parts laying around.

Yeah.

And pulled the motor out of a 1988 Delta 88 and, uh, okay.

We put it inside of a Toyota Camry chassis.

Yeah, sure.

That sounds like why, why can't we get to the internet on this thing?

Damn internet wouldn't work.

So I just figured it was just the wrong car.

We put it in Toyota Camry.

Should've probably did a Honda car.

Sure.

Yeah.

So you got shocked.

Yeah.

I got shocked real bad.

And, uh, I was like, I am a computer now.

Yeah.

You thought you were a computer.

Yeah.

He came too.

I took him to the Apple store.

I dropped him on the Genius bar.

Exactly.

You're like, can you fix it?

I said, my friend, he ain't.

They're like, he needs to go to the hospital.

They took me in the back and told me I was waterlogged.

Oh, I see.

So they wasn't going to cover it.

Yeah.

So Apple Care didn't cover you.

Yeah.

But we're here to, you know, we're here to promote our new album.

Yeah.

We got a new album coming out and we're going to do some new songs.

How many albums do you have?

This is a new one?

How many do you have in your?

Oh, this is your first one.

This is our first one.

This is our first new album.

It is very new.

Yeah.

It's your first new album and at some point it will be your first old album.

That is true.

Yeah.

But this is new and it is for our first album.

It's called Small Town Good Times with Family and Friends.

And also it's a Saturday.

Yeah.

So, okay.

And you're going to do some songs for me?

Yeah.

What a treat.

We have a music from Yacht, of course.

And were you hearing any of their songs?

Loved them.

Yeah.

So good.

We got our, you know, we got our band here too, you know.

We packed up in here, brought our own instruments.

This is, yeah, the battle of the bands almost.

Should we, I guess, Lil Tony Diamonds and I decide who's better?

Yeah, y'all the way in.

Yeah.

Okay.

Great.

I mean, what do we win?

Hmm.

Yeah, that's a good question.

I mean, y'all could maybe, y'all want to go to Egypt?

I thought you were banned.

Yeah, I went on a trip to Egypt.

I'm banned, but y'all could probably still go.

That's a little too far.

Yeah.

I'll go.

All right.

We'll see what happens.

If you go to the bus stables, y'all could visit.

Isn't there a Memphis in Egypt though?

Oh, Memphis, Egypt.

Yeah, you might be very popular there.

Oh, that could be true.

So who knows, you might have fans there.

Yeah, that's true.

I mean, you know, hopefully...

Is there a yacht in Egypt?

I'm sure there is.

Just parked in the sand somewhere?

I'm sure there is.

Oh, baby.

They got the River Nile over there.

I could put a yacht on that.

Yeah, yeah, that's true.

I feel like we're getting in the weeds with this in Egypt.

Yeah, no, no, it's all right.

You know, we write songs about the three things that make life worth living.

Okay, let's run them down.

What do we got?

Beer.

Women.

And big shiny trucks.

Okay, I love all those things.

Go in and hit it for us.

Here we go.

Yeah, all right, Harley.

All right, Brantley.

Give me an all right.

It's Saturday night, time to have some fun.

Gonna drink some beers, gonna shoot my gun.

Then I notice the date's 2-23 and then I notice the date's 2-23.

And then I notice the date's 2-23 and then I notice the date's 2-23.

And that's a birthday to someone special to me.

So I got some candles and I got some cake.

And I told everyone to meet me by the lake.

I got my truck four years ago today and that makes this the truck's birthday.

Pick up truck, birthday party, everyone's invited.

The truck's honk their horns and they get excited.

Pick up truck, birthday party, having a blast.

I got him a birthday cake made of gas.

Instead of party hats, the truck's wear traffic cones.

And instead of birthday clowns, they hire a mechanic.

Instead of singing happy birthday, trucks honk their horns.

Some do car alarms but most honk horns.

Honk, honk, truck's birthday.

Yeah, yeah.

Oh, oh yeah.

We stopped that one quick.

That was amazing.

You seem surprised by how quickly.

No, no, no.

That's what I planned.

Our band stops.

On a dime.

Our band is very punctual.

They threw the instruments on the ground.

Yeah, it stomped on them.

They immediately threw them down.

You gotta use those later, guys.

Truly beautiful harmonies.

I gotta say.

Thank you so much.

Yeah, we really come in with those harmonies.

That one is called truck truck's birthday.

It's called pick up truck birthday party.

And you seem in disagreement about what it's called.

Well, I thought of it.

We are calling it pick up truck birthday party.

Okay.

But you call it parentheses truck's birthday.

Yeah.

And in the lyrics, the cake is made of gas.

That's true.

How do you do that?

Well, you know when a truck wants a gas cake.

Well, you put gas in the freezer, it becomes gelatinous.

With some gelatin.

Yeah, did you know that?

You put gas in the freezer, it becomes gelatinous.

You can't just repeat what he says like, do you know it?

He knew that.

I didn't know if you knew it.

I don't know if you know it.

I just, I knew that.

How old is y'all truck?

Beg your pardon?

How old is y'all truck right now?

Oh, 1989 Chevrolet.

Oh, wow, okay.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

So, big 3-0, huh?

Big 3-0?

Is it?

Is it the truck's creation day or the day that you bought it?

We celebrate the day that we bought it.

So that's four years ago.

But when we bought it, it was 26 years ago.

Yeah, a truck is not a truck at conception.

It matures.

No, yes, when you had it.

Fun fact, Scott, for you, Scott and Yacht, that song right there has won every award at the CMAs for the past three years.

Oh, congratulations.

Thank you very much.

It's not even out yet?

We were the only people at the podium.

That's the thing.

I think sometimes the Oscars come out and there's no good movies that year.

Just go back to the previous year.

Give one to the runner-up.

Pull them back up on stage.

It's like a King of the Hill situation.

I don't know what that means.

The game King of the Hill, you fight on the top of the hill.

The game King of the Hill?

The show?

You stand on a hill.

Okay, because there's a movie King of the Hill, there's a TV show King of the Hill.

It is a child's game where you stand on an actual hill.

Okay.

And you are King of the Hill until somebody can push you off.

Oh, okay.

So just every year, the Oscars or the CMAs just goes like, well, nothing better came along.

Exactly, yeah.

We barely even left the stage.

We keep walking down the stairs, but there we go again.

We turn around, we go back up there.

Takes you a long time to get back up there, huh?

It does, yeah.

I got a bad knee.

Oh, okay.

And I am a computer.

You still think you're a computer?

Y'all can't tell?

Did you know if you put gas in the freezer, it becomes gelatinous?

Okay, I believe I heard that.

Around the same time that you heard it.

Oh, I don't know.

I knew that.

Go ahead and sing another one for us.

You got another one for us?

Okay.

Let's go ahead and do one more.

Go ahead and hit it, man.

Oh, just one more.

Two.

Oh yeah.

Harlan.

Oh yeah, Brantley.

You got time to give me one?

Oh yeah, Scott?

Nope, all right.

There once was a girl truck who didn't get invited to the truck school dance.

No one asked her, she had to stay at home alone, crying tears made of gas.

The most popular truck in school invited her to the prom as a joke.

All the jock trucks were gonna look at her and laugh at her expense.

But then the boy truck took off the girl truck's glasses and realized just how pretty she was.

He learned that you can't judge a truck based solely on its appearance because it's what's inside the truck that matters the most.

You gotta open up the hood to see what kind of engine's inside.

Then they both got elected king and queen of the truck prom dance, truck prom dance, truck, truck prom dance.

Toot, beep, beep, honk, toot, beep, honk, beep, toot, beep, honk, beep, honk, beep, beep, toot, honk, beep, toot, beep, honk, honk, beep, honk.

Yeah!

Woo!

Oh my God, another stop.

They should break those instruments and they throw them down that long.

Yeah, they threw them down, dumped them in the trash.

And what was that one called?

That one right there was called.

It has an obvious title, I'm wondering if you agree on it.

Look at that one called.

That one's called Truck Prom Dance, parentheses, girl invited to the truck prom dance.

Okay.

Long parentheses.

I created these titles, parentheses, just so y'all had booty games.

The whole title is in the parentheses.

Yeah, well that's a little bit of my doing, as I'm AI.

Right.

Allen Iverson.

And how popular is that one?

As popular as the other one or not as popular?

Dead tie.

Yeah.

In a dead heat, really?

You cannot.

Dead tie.

Neck and neck.

Really, so it wins the exact same award?

Photo finish with them songs.

And before you guys even say it, I know what y'all thinking.

We know what y'all thinking.

That was not directly taken from the plot of the movie She's All That.

Yeah, it seemed very similar.

The Rachel Cook film, Freddie Prinze Jr. is he in that?

I can recall.

Yes.

We don't know what She's All That is, all right?

That's a real thing that happened to an actual truck.

Yeah, wow, this is amazing.

I didn't realize that trucks make people so emotional.

Yeah.

You guys have tears in your eyes.

It's a real thing we saw.

We used to be substitute teachers at high school.

Yeah, you would think, you would think trucks are the students and the trucks would be the teachers.

But humans are the teachers.

And is this school before they get sold to the owners?

So they're made at the factories and then they go through school?

I told you, we bought our truck, it was 26 years old.

So it had already gone through high school, college, got a master's degree in sociology.

Graduate school, oh my God.

Yeah, yeah.

So do you guys have another song?

We do, yeah, we got one last one.

This is the last one, I couldn't get you to do two more?

No.

We're trying to leave it up to the imagination what the next one will be.

All right, great.

Yeah, let's go ahead and hit that.

♪♪♪ All right, Brantley.

♪ Oh right, Harley ♪ ♪ I came home from work to see my wife ♪ ♪ Crying on the couch ♪ ♪ My wife is a truck and when she cries she honks ♪ ♪ Honk, honk ♪ ♪ Truck wife said, honey, I'm pregnant ♪ ♪ So I held her by her side mirror, which is her hand ♪ ♪ And then I gazed into her windshield eyes ♪ ♪ I said, I'll be proud to be the dad of your truck, baby ♪ ♪ Then the truck gave birth right then and there ♪ ♪ Out of her tailpipe, which is her pussy ♪ ♪ Squirting out the tailpipe, what did I see ♪ ♪ A little baby truck that looks sorta like me ♪ ♪ It was a full-sized truck covered in human skin ♪ ♪ It started screaming in a human voice ♪ ♪ It said, please kill me, I'm constantly in pain ♪ ♪ Why do I exist, please, in my life ♪ ♪ I said, no, you're my son ♪ ♪ And I'm proud to be the father to this ♪ ♪ Human skin truck, baby ♪ ♪ Human skin truck, baby ♪ ♪ Human skin truck, baby ♪ ♪ Skin truck, skin truck ♪ ♪ Human skin truck, baby ♪ ♪ Yeah, yeah, yeah ♪ ♪ Toot, beep, beep, honk, toot, honk ♪ ♪ Honk, beep, toot, beep, honk, boop ♪ ♪ Beep, boop, right, left, right, left ♪ ♪ Blinkers on the car ♪ Thank you.

Thank you so much.

Y'all got me emotional right now.

Hey, thank you.

That got me thinking about my family.

Yeah, and your father, Jim Parsons.

My father, that song really touched me.

Oh my goodness.

And your mother, Johnny Galecki, right?

Yeah.

Of course.

She changed her name.

Can I ask, why in the second song do trucks cry gas, and in that song they cry by honking?

Well, you know, trucks, you can't just, trucks do different things.

Oh, I see.

They're not all the same.

Trucks are not a monolith.

Okay, sorry.

There's a, you know, in between with trucks, you know.

You're getting very serious here.

I think everyone is wondering one very specific question.

So you are having sex with your truck.

Remember we told you we were substitute teachers at a truck high school?

Yeah.

Well, we slept up.

Oh no.

You fell in love.

We fucked up.

You fell in love with some of these trucks?

Yeah, we was in there and they had that, you know a truck with a step side?

Yeah.

It got that like, it's a real curvy truck.

And they're not supposed to be showing those step sides at the high school.

No, they're rules against that.

They're supposed to have on cabs on the truck, back cabs.

But you love your curvy truck.

I love my curvy truck, yeah.

I gotta say, you guys very much though, treat these trucks as if they are people.

You've anthropomorphized them.

It's almost like a hilarious comedic device.

We are real people.

You guys are real.

I can see you, I'm looking right at you.

Yeah, I'm looking right at you, although you haven't brought your trucks in here.

I mean, here's what I know.

If you put gas in the freezer, it becomes jello.

Okay, all right, look.

Y'all have to know that you can put strawberries in it.

Okay.

Sure, sure.

Yeah, you made a little strawberry gas.

All right, look, we have to take a break.

But before we do, Yot, are you prepared for your half of the bargain of the battle of the bands?

It's a hard act to follow.

I don't know if you can.

You can do three straight thoughts.

We don't have any honks or beeps in any of our songs.

You could throw some in.

We have some beeps.

And a couple bloops.

But no honks.

Okay.

Yeah, but there was a bloop.

And also I mentioned a car in that song.

Why did you mention the car?

That was an accident.

Sounds like you're cheating on your truck.

All right, what song is this, if I may ask?

This is called Scatterhead.

Scatterhead, track three, I think?

Yeah, I guess so.

Honestly, you know more than me at this point.

Wow, all right.

I've got my own band.

You got to know your track list.

You got to know what tracks were, as they're getting their instruments on, what tracks were those songs?

Those were tracks two, track seven, and track 21.

Oh, wow.

There's a lot of songs.

The A-side and the B-side.

But anyway, there's a few skits in there.

What are the skits?

You want to hear one of the skits?

Yeah, yeah, let's hear one of the skits.

All right.

Hey, hello, I'm asleep.

Hey, get your ass up.

We late to the gig.

Oh, no, we got a gig tonight?

Yeah, we playing the church.

Oh my gosh, praise the Lord.

Come on, get in the truck.

Wait, get in this truck?

Yeah, well maybe I should take my own truck.

Come on, let's have a threesome.

Oh, that is the track list.

That leads right into truck threesome.

What song does that lead into?

Is it Truck Threesome?

That's a title skit.

That's number one.

Sure.

That's when you first played it out.

What's the song that follows it?

Pick up your birthday party.

Because it's track two.

I said track two.

Oh, got it, got it.

That's track one.

All right, Yot, are you guys ready to go for it here with Scatterhead?

All right, here we go.

This is Yot with Scatterhead off the new record, Chain Tripping, out this Friday.

Here we go.

♪♪ ♪ Drop so heavy in tiny scenes ♪ ♪ I feel like I'm dying, dying ♪ ♪ Living in pieces ♪ ♪ Like a million people, people ♪ ♪ I was born to lose control ♪ ♪ Sister, I am dangerous, dangerous ♪ ♪ Like I caught up in a club ♪ ♪ We get tired of living, living ♪ ♪ Time flies at night ♪ ♪ Feel like you're here ♪ ♪ The form of your eye ♪ ♪ Is empty, mammal, free ♪ ♪ Time flies at night ♪ ♪ Feel like you're here ♪ ♪ The form of your eye ♪ ♪ Is empty, mammal, free ♪ ♪ Time flies at night ♪ ♪ Feel like the night is gone ♪ ♪♪ ♪♪ ♪ Someone stop the radio ♪ ♪ I feel like I'm dying, dying ♪ ♪ I thought the colors are bright ♪ ♪ Like a million people, people ♪ and the devil is another man still riding game chest, game chest we gotta kill him we get tired of living, living i feel like i'm dying, dying, i feel like i'm dying, dying, dying time flies and i feel but i can't hear all of your eyes is an empty memory time flies and i feel but i can't hear all of your eyes is an empty memory time flies and i feel funny that the night is gone time flies and i feel funny that the night is gone time flies and i feel funny that the night is gone time flies and i feel funny that the night is gone time flies and i feel funny that the night is gone time flies and i feel funny that the night is gone time flies and i feel funny that the night is gone time flies and i feel funny that the night is gone time flies and i feel funny that the night is gone yeah yeah i just uh i stepped out and i acid washed my blue eyes i wear a lot of acid washed stuff yeah yeah yeah exactly the mummy's doing fine scott the mummy's fine i'm just over here thinking about it i'm just over here thinking about my dad scott really your dad yeah after that song about truck baby or whatever truck wife i mean it just it's almost like cats in the cradle in a way of it just like reminds you of these kind of fatherly and familial connections it is true scott but um i want to try something scott oh i'm game for trying anything we have a little more time on the show what do you want to try i want to try to bring my father back to life through this mummy scott through the mummy what yeah scott what happened to your father's body or corpse if i may be well it's kind of ghost to say well we we uh we cremated him you cremated him and then we sprinkled the ashes on this mummy you did i did scott and it mixed with the salt on the mummy and uh that is right scott okay is that uh part and parcel with well i read on a hieroglyph scott that that might be the way to bring back the dead you read hieroglyphs?

oh yeah scott i am a well-trained archaeologist i went to ucla baby come on scott so that's a way to bring back the dead yes scott i need to bring back my pimpin dad through this mummy scott so we'll just you know point of order with exactly the process here will the uh will your father's spirit be transported into the body of this mummy so he won't look like your father anymore uh will the mummy continue to be as old as the mummy is will the mummy be rejuvenated and or will the mummy actually take upon the visage of your father scott those are incredibly poignant questions and we about to find out oh damn because here i just gotta shake my heads over the mummy all right while he does this yeah can you can you can can you guys hum a harmony real quick please yeah that is some that's part of it here we go shake him up okay it just started to move scott it started to move oh shit oh hey danny diamonds my father danny diamonds i recognize that what the hell is this why did you bring me back i was happy in jim parsons land oh my god daddy were you doing the brat dad from the remember the time video what what is that oh wait you died pretty recently it seems like you should know what the remember the time video is he was not a music fan scott he was not a music fan although and is michael jackson canceled what do you think of felice or rachad from the cosby show i love her okay okay good well well papa it's my daughter-in-law papa i wanted to bring you back because i want to say i'm sorry for what is this shit on my clothes i'm sorry scott it's sorry who sorry pop it's salt and you're a mummy why are these rats crawling out my face you're a mummy daddy oh god there's one coming out of his eyesight you're a mummy daddy oh my god do what do what do what i wanted to say that i'm sorry i did not become a pimp like you daddy you let me down son i'm so sorry i gave i taught you the game baby since you was five years old you taught me the game and i threw it all away seems like this is a conversation you could have had decades ago it's true scott but it's not until you hear an emotional thong from kens and memphis breeze that you start kens and memphis breeze are you a fan?

memphis kens and breeze?

i like memphis and kens and breeze turn your head to the right there right here hey how you doing oh shit his head fell off no pick his head back up daddy pick up your head that that that that okay just place it on your head there you go yeah be careful but look this is a band this is a band that you like daddy it's a country group i love y'all what i'm seeing me yeah we did we won every one the past three years that's right we sure did all right dad harlan uh what do you think i mean there's a real live mummy here right in front of you i tell you what uh i can go into my brain and do a search on right how to keep this mummy alive yeah i don't even know like can we do a harlan search real quick yeah do a search my man tear the preparations off this paper yeah it's a pretty old timey yeah there's there's not a lot of mummy lore i mean with vampires you know all about like garlic and crosses and holy water and same thing with uh silver bullets with werewolves but with mummies it's like i don't know how to kill them i don't know how to keep this alive what did i say more toilet paper more toilet paper more toilet paper and it has to be two ply there's some hieroglyph here can you who you say you read hieroglyph i can read hieroglyph read that shit son okay danny settle down okay i'll read the hieroglyph it says um in order for the mummy to stay alive it must renounce pimping and all that comes along with it you had to kill me really you'd rather die you had to kill me baby i would live in fine pimp jim parsons no daddy no pimp jim parsons to choose between being dead jim parsons or an alive diamonds pimp come on mummy denounce pimping just denounce just bradley why do you have a stake in this i want to see this mummy denounce pimping so he can live keep living i keep telling you i want to die you're just an old salty brother what do y'all think to my mummy daddy denounce well are you pimping in heaven oh how could i they put a strong regulation on that so there's no pimping in heaven yeah so you're fucking right i work at ice cream stop ice cream stop everyone has to work i work at ice cream stop ice cream stop yeah you get to do the job you always wanted to do in life but never is that what you want to do i am jim parsons ice cream parisitor in heaven is that fun for you it is a blast so you want to die and go back up there my outfit is clean and white i've got wings white the pimp's way well i don't know that we know any way to kill you other than i guess just uh not renouncing what's the time limit on it i think it says one hour one hour i'll just sit over here until y'all finish the show's gonna be done by another 10 minutes or so well maybe we could just burn you ahhhhh yeah let's burn him there's a snake crawling out of my mouth yeah let's burn him we'll just burn him but i do want to just say daddy um i'm glad that we got this closer and it's not really close i do feel like you said you were sorry you renounced it he said he didn't like the fact that you did it and now he's gonna be dead but at least we got to talk one last time scott that's true yeah that's true when i first died we did not get to talk one last time yes because the mummy which you now are chucked you to death yeah it choked me right out i had no and you don't have any murderous uh yeah mummy impulses mummy impulses do you i mean you know i mean i know you're a mummy and mummies traditionally kill all humans but you don't have any of those right i just have the urge to walk with my arms in front of me uh oh that's standard mummy killing position give me that guys i got some gelatinous gasoline throw it on him oh you put the gas in the fridge right?

put it on him throw it on him throw it on him oh god oh oh i love you son i love you too pimpin daddy you just collapsed into dust wow that gelatinous gasoline really came in handy thank god you learned how to do that oh no a breeze oh no blowing the dust everywhere damn that is a memphis kansas breeze that is a classic man we all have some mummy in us now oh my gosh i guess my daddy lived on inside all of us yeah he literally is until i get do we shit out our ashes when we ingest them that's a great question Scott we about to find out we are about to find out i can do a search do a heart research while you do that look we're running out of time we just have time for one final feature on the show and that's a little something called plugs plug bag, plug bag, plug bag, plug bag, you're the one for me p-l-u-g plug bag, plug bag beautiful that was plug bag barbershop trio by jim ham 12 i wonder if that was one guy or three guys the harmonies today have been magnificent i mean if you're a music lover how could you pass up this episode alright what do we plug in obviously yaht your record chain tripping i erased the a on it it looked like chin tripping although that's not a bad title either i think it should have been called personality though is that what we were talking about personality yeah i liked personality chain tripping parenthesis personality perfect out this friday this friday and you can get that everywhere everywhere yah everywhere two versions of the vinyl there's a compact disc there's even a blu ray what yah we made a blu ray is it in surround sound on the blu ray it actually is it's in dolby atmos really no one will be able to hear it yah come on look please send one to me yah you got it do you have an atmos equipped high five i think we do you need 8 to 12 speakers yah i do believe we do wow wow no audiophile yah i got it in my truck you got it you have one in your truck really yah we got 20 tweeters just tweeters which is your that's your wife how many woofers do you have yah yah what's that any woofers or no you just want the tweeters a lot of high end a lot of tings and tings huh are you going on tour or doing anything like that we're not announcing that stuff yet oh ok so people can expect down the line there will be a tour yah all around the world if anyone likes the record alright fantastic jury's out and a little tony diamonds well scott of course i will be at the international archeologist of the year's ball this year in las vegas nevada and i will be competing and i did lose my mummy yah you lost your mummy so i don't know if your chances are i'll probably just take this haunted doll from angkor wad in cambodia oh you got a haunted doll from wadakor wad in cambodia and you brought that with you as well yah it's in my big ass back pocket oh jeez kind of the size of a person and kind of covered in toilet paper wait a minute oh no this might be another mummy or a toilet paper monster at least we'll see that's all i got to plug really nothing else that is it and brantley and harland of memphis kansas breeze what do you want to plug here well we definitely want to give a shout out to our band yah our songwriters brant evans and nick chiarelli yah great guys from what i hear yah they're good guys they write and also why don't you write your own songs it takes too long you don't have that kind of time i mean you're an ai you could do it just as well as yaht did yah well that's the problem yah i've had about a list of about 6,000 names yah had to go with we had a tough time because i had a list of about 13 13 was too many for you it was just like yah just broke your brain we write all the skits though oh ok we write all the skits can we hear another one of those skits what i'm asleep get up we late for the gig oh hell no come on we playing at church is this a church or is this the one where we're playing at satanist palace actually this is the one we're playing at satanist palace ok come on get in the truck can i take my own truck yah i'm into monogamy now and that's how it ends so how many of your skits start with someone waking the other person up first of all i'd say everyone and how many of your songs start with you greeting each other like you just said hello for the first time well he's always asleep it's based on real life oh yea right where you know that's captivating if you ever watch the movie where someone just woke up you know something big is about to go down no time for sleeping anything else to plug here you can watch the other two on comedy central i think it's on demand oh yah there was a missed plug for that a few weeks back yah a friend of mine was on the show who's got something to do with that show he didn't even mention it and then it's probably the biggest thing that's ever happened to him he texted me later in the day texted you later and i forgot to mention the other two i saw your text oh you saw my text i saw the text from him that dude is showing you my text oh no hey i'm asleep get your ass up ok what is the problem we got to play purgatory convention oh my god everything is white yah there are no seats come on get in the truck let's go wait a second don't you want to take my truck this time actually i think about taking a car oh car attack don't tell my parents car attack don't tell my parents alright i think with that skit they might have just won the competition i'm very sorry yah we don't have any skits although we haven't heard yachts last song so they still have time to follow it out throw a skit in there you might get it any other plugs or you can listen to the flagrant ones it's one of my favorite patreon podcasts i save up five dollars a month to pay for it oh the flagrant ones and that's with those two guys who do the shtick on the other show yah that's with those two guys who do the shtick on the other show do they drop it on your show i still don't know alright i want to plug we just got back from three days of the comedy bam bam tour we have some coming up we have some very very soon on september 5th we're playing kansas city september 6th and 7th st paul minnesota and september 8th we're in chicago and some exciting news about those shows the st paul and chicago shows our good friend carl tartt is going to join us for those shows oh my god let me tell you something scott i love that dude every time he comes on this damn show and you know what scott you said something earlier you said you had rock bands and you never had a country band you said you never had a rapper on this show i think there has been a rapper on this show there has been one rapper yes mcsugarbutt although he's the kind who rhymes cold with cold no he'll at least go bold ok at least go bold but those are going to be great shows myself, paul f tompkins, lauren lapkus and then eggo wodum is going to join us for the st paul shows and the kansas city shows and then carl tartt in the st paul and the chicago shows rather and we also have a show on september 20th in toronto for the just for laughs in toronto and we're doing a freedom show on september 19th and then going into november on november 8th we have new york comedy festival november 11th philadelphia and november 12th all of those ticket links can be found on my twitter i also want to plug the between two ferns movie comes out in a few weeks so september 20th i directed it so please watch that netflix worldwide alright let's close up the old plug bag close your eyes and open up that bag close your eyes and open up that bag you gotta get those eyes closed get em get em open your bag get em get em don't be closing don't be closing open em up and let's get loaded let's get loaded open up the bag open up the bag open up that motherfucker bag open up that bag open up that bag that was a great song yeah that is pretty good alright guys i want to thank you all for being here uh really fun show uh little tony diamonds good luck with your your mummy related activities i'm realizing this haunted doll is a mummy so i have another chapter to figure out of my life well you could bring back your your mother next time uh possibly johnny galeki scott yeah we me and my mom have some shit to work out you have some unfinished business there okay well tell you what go to the archaeologist of the year award see if you win the award and come back and we'll see uh we'll work some shit out on the show yeah that would be great thank you uh and uh of course memphis kansas breeze uh brantley and harland so good to have you guys thanks for having us we appreciate you letting us come on here doing stuff from our new album yeah that's right when does your album come out or does it come out or you can get it at any uh tower records sam goody warehouse music i have some bad news for you if you've been shipping them there those places we've been self-shipping to all those places and yachts so good to have you guys on the show finally uh big fan of course and chain tripping out uh this friday you have another song in you whoo yes i think we could do it just one uh and what is this one called if i may be so bold blue on blue blue on blue i hope you guys sing blue on blue during the song do you promise to i don't know i'll do it i'll do it please please so good rob will do it rob's gonna sing blue on blue all right guys here we go this is yacht with blue on blue from chain tripping here we go when i ran the rainbow and the night would shine in the back of my mind i met the sun at the beach walking on the street and the moon looking me and that's okay i've left my life behind yeah i'm back on the floor i run up to the front walking in the sky blue eyes blue eyes blue eyes blue eyes blue eyes blue eyes blue eyes blue eyes i'm at the edge of the night in the wings of the world that's what my heart was told everybody knows blue eyes blue eyes blue eyes blue eyes blue eyes blue eyes blue eyes i'm so glad you won't love me cause i just wanna change your mind but i can't relive together i can't even applaud and believe blue on blue blue on blue blue on blue blue on blue blue eyes for you in the dark there's a strange red heart smiling at me alone dying of a rhythm blue eyes blue eyes blue eyes blue eyes blue eyes blue eyes blue eyes blue eyes blue eyes i'm so glad you don't love me cause i just wanna change your mind but i can't relive together i'm so glad you don't love me cause i just wanna change your mind but i can't relive together i'm so glad you don't love me cause i just wanna change your mind but i can't relive together blue eyes blue eyes blue eyes blue on blue blue on blue blue on blue blue on blue blue on blue blue on blue i'm so glad you don't love me cause i just wanna change your mind but i can't relive together blue on blue blue on blue blue on blue wonderful! so good! you can't applaud yourselves! they can't see me! we'll see you next time, thanks bye!

heroes!

you Thank you.
