♪ Comedy Bang Bang ♪ Imagine no possessions. I wonder if you can. That's the exorcist code! Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

And thank you to PugFugly84. So 83 of those PugFuglies were taken.

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang for another week. This is an incredible week. The start of September.

We are really running down towards the end of the year. And very excited. I mean Labor Day today, as a matter of fact.

So for those of you who are about to rock, we salute you.

But also for those of you who are off today, thank you for listening.

My name is Scott Aukerman and we have an incredible show.

Coming up a little bit later, we have a children's author and we also have a motivational speaker.

So that's incredible. I mean I wonder if the motivational speaker can inspire the children's author.

And I wonder if the children's author can inspire a sense of whimsy in the motivational speaker. We will see.

But before we get to them, we have to get to our first guest. Now he is an old, old friend of the show.

He is one of the original titans of comedy. Let's list them.

There's Eugene Merman, Nathan Fielder, and this man.

He is a stand-up comedian with incredible hour-long specials. Incredible half-hour-long specials. I don't know.

How long are your specials?

There was one half-hour one and then some hour ones. I think the last one was like an hour four.

An hour four! And now how did that fit into the traditional broadcast model or was it for Netflix?

It was for Netflix. We had to cram it in. You crammed it in, really?

Yeah, they were like it should be an hour and I just snuck it past them.

Really? So you snuck it past them literally. They had no idea? Did they list it as an hour and then they were like there's egg all over our face.

It says it's an hour and then there's an asterisk and then you just don't know. There's no follow-up on the asterisk.

A lot like Mark Maguire's whole career or his home run records, the asterisk, or I don't know sports.

Isn't there an asterisk next to all of his home run records because of the juicing?

They talk about the Barry Bonds should have won.

Should have won, but there is not.

I don't believe so. Just because I'm wearing a baseball hat doesn't mean that I'm a baseball expert.

See now you're wearing a baseball hat I have all these questions for you about the crack of the bat, the ground rule doubles, and you're not able to answer any of them. We'll introduce you in a second.

He is a wonderful comedian who has a new show called Good Talk which debuts this Friday, September 6th at 11 p.m. Please welcome back to the show Anthony Jeselnik. Hello!

Hello! It's good to be here. It's good to be like the, you know, representing the Titans.

You know, even I'm the only one.

The Titans have not been on recently. I mean Nathan hasn't been on since his show Nathan for you ended a couple years ago and Eugene, who knows where he is?

No, no one does.

Do you Titans not keep in touch? What exactly? Are you not on a text chain?

We can't really like if we get together it's too powerful so we kind of have to.

That one episode you did, yeah, it almost broke podcasting.

It was the one time we were all in the same room so we kind of just do our own thing.

Do you have to fly separately so that just in case, you know, if the plane goes down, you know, the whole Titans don't disappear?

One flies, one goes by car, one goes by train.

Who gets there first?

That way the bases are covered.

Are you talking about baseball again? Because I'm very excited.

What does that mean when you're covering the bases?

There's someone on all the bases.

Meaning a runner is on all the bases? That just means bases loaded.

Anyone can be on it.

Anyone.

Umpires, fans. You can put a pillow over the base and it's the same.

As long as the base isn't exposed.

So it's sort of like having a top sheet over the bases.

Your eyes kind of went, what is a top sheet?

That is a top sheet?

Is that a top sheet? I believe is bedding.

I'm here to talk about bedding because I'm wearing a bedding hat, as you can see.

I was trying, it was the top sheet, the one with the elastic on it, or is it the other one?

It could be, yes.

I admit that I don't make the bed enough to be able to name all of the different parts of it.

How often do you make the bed?

Approximately zero percent of the time.

I leave that to, my wife enjoys it.

Really?

She's very good at it.

She used to be working hotels as a maid, so she knows how to do it.

Sounds like a keeper.

My, you know her.

Very well.

My father tried to teach me how to make the beds. He was a military man and he tried to teach me how to, you know, doing the whole bounce the quarters off. I found it was a great way to get quarters from him because he would come in and he would try to bounce them and then they would just lay there and I'd go, I have a new quarter.

Is that how you started in comedy? Like you just took all those quarters.

By telling that story. That was my first joke.

My dad was military, but he wasn't a make your bed man.

Really? What branch did he serve in?

He was in the army.

Yeah.

And which years, if approximately?

Mid seventies.

Mid seventies. Great time to be in the army. Not a lot going on.

I think it was just post Vietnam. He was in the JAG Corps.

Like he went through, he was ROTC and then they didn't need.

It's the lawyers.

Oh, okay. The Judge Army Generals. Is that what it stands for?

Mm hmm.

You don't know. Talk to your father, Anthony.

I will. I will.

Call him after this. Learn a little bit about his history.

So he was in the JAG Corps and he, so he was a lawyer. Is he currently a lawyer?

Retired, but still practices. Yeah.

He still practices. How can, how can you be retired and still practice?

Pro bono. You know, help out friends, do some things, but he doesn't like going to work every day.

So any friend of his can get free lawyering from him.

He's been taken advantage by almost everyone in his life who needed free legal work. Yes.

I got to call him if some shit goes down. Will you give me his card?

You do. He's great at entertainment, podcast law.

Is he in Pittsburgh or is he, he is in Pittsburgh. That's where you're from. Is that right?

Mm hmm.

I'm getting that from your baseball hat. Has a big P on it.

Yep.

And I thought, okay, what's it stand for? Penis? Pee pee?

No, Pittsburgh.

Pirates.

Pirates. Oh, I thought it stood for Pittsburgh. It stands for pirates.

I think you can go either way. That's the great thing about the P is that it can represent either the Pittsburgh or the Pirates.

Mm hmm. Very good. Very, very good.

Anthony, tell us about this show. I mean, it's been a while since you've been on.

You're one of the titans of comedy.

Whenever any one of the titans of comedy has a new project on, we always like to have you on and figure out exactly what's going on with it. Tell us about this new show. It's on Comedy Central.

Is that correct?

That's correct.

Thank you very much. That's all we need to know.

Okay.

It's got the Comedy Central seal of quality.

I spent a long time thinking about what I wanted to do in television. I don't really enjoy making it.

You don't enjoy making it, meaning the physical process of the cut, the action, the, uh, just stand up going 10, one stand up, ruin me for any other art form, because stand up, you just show up a little bit before the show. You could do the show. The show's over.

How long before the show do you like to show?

How long before the show does an Anthony Jeselnik like to show up?

Depends if it's like a comedy club where they've got it all worked out, like 10 minutes before it's a theater. I get to like an hour before an hour before.

What do you do now? What, what is the difference between your process? What do you do with those extra 50 minutes? If it's a theater, I sit in the back. I just want to be there before the doors open so I can do a sound check and make sure the lighting guy knows what's up and that they have our music ready to play. And what is up with when it comes to the lighting guy? Uh, they do as little as possible, you know, and they don't take into consideration that you're not a band. So you have to kind of like remind them and be like, please, how do you remind them? You're not a bad, do you say, look at my hands. Am I carrying a guitar? No, I'm not.

I'm not a band. That's exactly what I say.

That's exactly when I get out there. Uh, it's just, I think it's very easy in a theater when a comedian comes through and sometimes people take advantage. Right. Just because I'm easy compared to an eight person band doesn't mean you guys can be lazy. Really? Okay. So you want them to do as little as possible, but you don't want them to be lazy about it. You want them ever vigilant? I want everything to work. I see meaning the microphones, uh, the lights. I'm trying to think of what else a theater has. I guess the seats trap doors, trap door. Yeah. Do you do a lot of trap door work? Oh wow. So it's just like one joke and then you're gone and then you rise back up. I don't want to like, I don't want to spoil the audience. So I do it every like two or three jokes and then sometimes, um, you know, fireworks. I would, I honestly, and you know, that I love your comedy, uh, very dry, very acerbic. Uh, I would love to see with a little production value like that, like you're in your next special, just doing all the tricks of the trade, the theatrical trade, trapdoor work, fireworks, everything. People would be so confused if I did like a Kevin Hart, like here's my punchline here. And he's gone. They would think it was a terrorist attack for sure. And rightly so. Well, you are the terrorist of comedy. Uh, I've always said, uh, so tell us about the new show. It's called from what I've been told. It's called and been told by you, uh, prior to the show it's, it's called good talk. And, uh, what is the format of this show? What should I expect? Now you had a Comedy Central show before, uh, which was a topical show where you, uh, am I getting this right? Where you talked about the topics of the day of the week. Yeah. Like the worst stories that happened that week. Like it had to be bad news. We wouldn't be like, what's up with the Mueller report. We'd be like, this person got killed, uh, pranking an alligator, you know, we like that kind of stuff. Right. Okay. So, but this show is not like that at all. This show was just, it's almost like, uh, talking about comedy, uh, in a bubble, you know, just like what's the, what are your theories about comedy? I call it like a Charlie Rose. If Charlie Rose got sick of great guy, I mean, uh, an influence on me, certainly in his later years, um, uh, just his personal life. Yeah. I didn't, I've never actually seen the show, but I thought like, what if Charlie Rose had to do it and just got sick of doing the show and would just ask whatever he wanted and then screw around. So it's like, you hate doing television. It's just like, you're sick of the medium already. So you come into it already sick of it without the 25 years of experience. No, it was more just if you're talking to someone for half an hour, like if two comics are talking, you start out talking about serious things and eventually you just start goofing around and the show usually like an eight minute kind of turn where it's just like, okay, yeah, we can't keep being serious. Let's start joking around now.

Right. And, uh, and just no topical anything. No topical anything. So if I were to watch, uh, the upcoming first episode of good talk on September 6th, Nicole is the first guest. He's a wonderful, wonderful guest of this program as well. Not one of the Titans, I will say. Uh, but if I were to watch one of these on September 6th, I could, uh, watch it again on September 7th and it would still be fresh and watch it again every day. And I would still laugh exactly the same. I think you'd left more as you, as you, uh, as you kept going, you know, you were like, keep it on repeat and, uh, and really enjoy yourself. These episodes should be treasured and should be watched once a day. If not, uh, at least once a week, uh, every day until the end of your life. How many of my life, like when I, yes. And then we shut down.

Yeah. And how many episodes did you do? We did six this first season, six, the first season, and you got the Friday at 11 time slot, which is the coveted coveted time slot of when honestly, it's what I wanted. It was like, there's zero pressure for ratings. You're like TiVo it, if you want or DVR it, if you want to, no one says TiVo anymore. TiVo now, uh, uh, are they still around? Do we know you're in the TV business? I'm no longer in the TV business.

So you should know these things. I started with TiVo, you know, I still miss the boop boop boop.

Yeah. I love the sound effects. And, uh, I hope TiVo still, I hope they're still around. Why didn't they patent that technology? I don't know what I mean. I guess Kleenex couldn't patent the tissue.

They could, they chose not to. It was like a gift to the world.

You know, incredible. Uh, and what are the topics? So give me a sense of, uh, for example, this show coming up with Nick Kroll. What do you talk about?

Do you just kind of like, just do bits? Do you, are you talking about, uh, interesting things? It'll start out, you know, it's questions that I would like to ask someone. So I'm like, you know, Nick, why did you get into, uh, animation? If you're such a great performer yourself and so physical in your comedy, what drew you to animation? We'll talk about that for a little bit. And then it'll be, I like agree or disagree, you know, ask like, do you think all comedy comes from surprise?

Why or why not? And then eventually it just becomes completely absurd. And we'll ask things like, I'm going to play you a clip. Tell me if this is, uh, the guy from police academy or a real helicopter and we, we, or a real helicopter. That would be impossible to decide. He could do any sound effect like on demand. His voice just sounds like a helicopter. That's how biting.

Uh, so, uh, that sounds incredible. And, uh, how long are these episodes? They about a half an hour or so, 25 minutes, 35, what are we talking like 22 and a half plus commercials.

So you get a full half hour. You're going to want to watch the commercials. What who's advertising on the show this week? Do we know, uh, with my comedy central history, it was usually just Christian mingle over and over and over again. Christian mingle advertising. I think because no one else would, so they got like a really great deal. So like, why not? Like someone, maybe we can save some sinners here tonight. Yeah. Oh my God. You ever been on one of those dating apps? Yes. Great. All right. Moving on. Well, a good talk.

Premieres September 6th this Friday, comedy central at 11 PM. And what do you hope happens with the show? You hope a lot of people watch it. You hope you get to do more or you over it. What, uh, no, I want to do more. I wanted to do a show. I mean, I've just like sold several TV shows and then given the money back and been like, I made a mistake. Like I really actually, yes. So when you sell them, at what point in the process do you just say like, look, I'm, I'm pushing my chips back in. Uh, is it script stage or was it the script stage where I was like, I do not want to do this.

I hate this so much. And then one was a show we sold and then the election happened and I was like, I don't want to be yelling at the president. Like I don't, it was like a topical political show or something topical and you just, there's nothing else to talk about at that time. There was nothing else to talk about besides politics. And I was like, this is not, I'm not capable.

Right. Try to talk about politics right now. Like what do you got? You know, uh, bills become laws, uh, Senate house, white house, Washington monument. Okay. Um, 1600, uh, Pennsylvania Avenue. Okay. Good. Uh, big, big fence. Uh, big fence. Yeah. Hard to get over that.

People do sometimes nuclear. Oh, the football Republicans, Democrats. You can't tell you.

Let's, let's segue into football. Now that we talk about it, what can you tell, uh, tell us about football. Uh, 32 teams, 32. Really? Is that true? It's an owner's league. I think, I think so. Uh, you taking a knee is frowned upon back to politics. Okay, here we go. Okay. Now, uh, talk about politics a little more.

Okay. Um, I'm going to go ahead and say, uh, designated survivor keeper Sutherland. Good.

Um, uh, Jack Bauer, powdered, wooden teeth, um, cherry, cherry tree. Oh, can I tell a lie?

Um, honest Abe, uh, stovepipe hats, log cabins, certainly log cabins for sure. Um, 100% log cabins. And then, uh, and then I'm going to go ahead and bring it back to legislature.

Oh, okay. Great. Amazing. See, I think you could have done that show if you just did that every single week. I could have done it once, you know, but then week two, where does that leave me?

Well, I think, you know, maybe in week two, you just say the same stuff and then hope no one noticed. I mean, it's works for Samantha B. So maybe I could, uh, I could have pulled that off.

Well, Anthony, uh, or AJ, if I may call you, uh, it is a wonderful opportunity to see you on our television screens and I cannot wait to, I mean, I'm seeing you here in person, so I kind of feel like I'm getting the best of both worlds here. Uh, but, uh, I certainly will watch you in that high def television screen. How do you like now you've been doing television so long. How do you like it's now in high def 4k? I think, I think it suits me.

Yeah. I wouldn't want to be a sideline reporter, but I, uh, I think high def when, when I heard about it, you know, I just, I was so psyched.

Yeah. I bet you're just, your mouth started watering. You started rubbing your hands together. I got to get on that high def. I got to get this.

I was like, it's Titan time. You know, I called the other Titans and I told them about the high def and we were all speaking of football.

What do you think about the Titans this year? You know, I just think they've got as good a shot as anybody. They're one of those 32 teams. I think they have a one in 32 chance of going to the Super bowl or one in 16. Actually. It's not really how the odds work. Really? No, not at all.

Well, Anthony, uh, I cannot wait to see your show. We need to get to our next guest though. Is that all right? Uh, uh, are you interested in, uh, uh, the book world? You ever read a book?

Uh, I've read, I've read a couple. I'm really at this point in my life, you know, I'm 40 now. I've really, I'm only interested in children's books. So if it's not a children's book, then I'm just going to lose it. Now you don't have children's.

I don't have children's. Okay. I have God children's. You do. You have God children's?

And I've got a niece and nephew. You're a, you're a Godfather's to whom?

My best friend, Greg, actually I have a podcast myself. Oh, that's right. We're not in plugs.

Yeah. We're not a project. Um, and my friend Greg Rosenthal is my best friend.

Where did you meet this guy? College. You met him in college. Is he from, uh, where'd you go to college? I don't know. I went to college in New Orleans at a place called Tulane university. Right. That's what people try to tell me before I went there.

And so you met him and he was like, look, you're, we're such good friends. If I ever have a kid and then I die, you need to look after my kid. Is that what the conversation was like back then?

It was more like, uh, let's try to get through this and survive college in New Orleans, which we did. And then when he got married and his wife was pregnant, I said, I want to be Godfather.

And they like cautiously allowed me. And then I just knocked it out of the park.

Was it Godfather with provisions? Was it Godfather on a temporary basis or was it just a pure, like all in you're the Godfather?

It was like, there is no Godmother. They didn't put a lot of thought into it. The second shot, I just said, give me him too, because I don't want to be spoiling the daughter and have him look at me like, what is this guy doing here? Uh, so it's a very unofficial, no one signed anything. And if they die, the parents, I'm the last person who would be able to get the kids. You're the last person, but that's what the Godfather does. I think technically it's supposed to be, but no one really does that. How are you knocking it out of the park when that's really your only responsibility is when the parents die, you take over the kid. I buy them crazy amounts of things.

Really? Okay. Well, that's okay. That's all right then. And they know you, they know your name.

Yes. And that way, if the parents did die, I couldn't take them, but they could sell the things I've given them and then live a nice life. Yeah.

They could probably just like, write it out until they were 18. Rent an apartment somewhere.

All right. We need to get to our next guest. Now he is lucky for you. He is a children's author.

Thank God. Yeah. So we're going to learn all about his books. And he is an artist just like yourself, Anthony. Please welcome to the show, Maximilian McSillystein.

Hello.

Hello. Hello, Scott. Hello, Anthony.

Hello. And good morning.

Good. Well, yes. Good morning. I mean, it's technically afternoon here, but...

Well, it's always morning in my world.

Why is that?

It's the last full time of day. You've just woken up.

Breakfast is on the way.

I guess.

The smell of coffee.

All right. That's not bad.

You get to make your bed.

Okay. Well, yeah, I'm not sure. What's your favorite time of day, Anthony?

Are you a morning person? You a night person? You seem like a night guy.

I'm a night guy.

You're like Arsenio. It's a night thing.

I'm a night guy. I love just getting up at night, making the coffee, making my bed.

You get up at sundown, you make the coffee, make the bed, and then sun up, you're asleep.

Yep.

Well, you do morning things at night, which to me means you still like the morning. You just like it at a different time of day.

I've just lost a lot of friends. See, I do a lot of morning things at night.

So meaning you've lost it. I, it seemed like it was getting serious there for a second.

You lost a lot of friends.

It was serious.

M-O-U-R-N-I-N-G.

I'm going to have to explain this joke.

M-O-U-R-N-I-N-G. Morning.

That's what you do. That's mainly what you do with your comedies. You do like plays on words.

A lot of puns and I explain the pun.

Right. And then the fireworks and then trap door.

Maximilian, it was so good to have you here.

Good to be here. I wanted to come on to promote my new book.

Maximilian McSillystein's book of new nursery rhymes.

New nursery rhymes. Okay.

I've noticed that the nursery rhymes of the day are, are, we know them all.

Yeah. What do we got? Let's see. We got Humpty Dumpty sat on a wall.

Humpty Dumpty.

Had a great fall.

All the king's horses.

All the king's men. Take it, Anthony.

Couldn't put Humpty Dumpty back together again.

Yes.

Trap door, fireworks.

Very good. Very good.

So we got that.

And we got little miss Moffat, Jack and Jill.

Yeah. Moffat. Yeah. Yeah.

Moffat.

My little miss Moffat sat on a tuffet.

Moffat.

Yeah. Moffat is, uh, would be sitting on a tuffet and I don't think that exists.

Well, I've been mispronouncing it since day one then.

I believe that we shouldn't all know the nursery rhymes.

Kids should be filled with wonder when they hear nursery rhymes.

It should be the first time they haven't been modernized.

They, we need new ones.

And so I've got a book of...

What are you talking about?

You're, you're modernizing them or you are coming up with brand new ones?

All of the above, my good man.

Brand new ones for the modern age that we can tell.

Now our children will be the first ones to hear them and then they'll tell their children and they'll tell their children and eventually someone else will put out a new book.

The great spoken tradition.

Wonderful.

Exactly.

Like the old Navajo of America.

Okay.

You think it'll be generations before someone tries to attempt what you have done?

Absolutely.

Because this took me generations.

Took me 52 years to think of the nursery rhymes.

You're an older gentleman, of course.

I didn't want to mention that.

Well, no, I absolutely love to have my age mentioned because what is age but a number?

And we don't need to talk about who sings songs about that, but it is true.

And I, I have, I'm young at heart.

Yes.

And we don't need to talk about who sings songs about that either.

But, um, age is just a number.

That was one of the original nursery rhymes.

That's true.

Yeah.

I teach my god kids.

Ain't nothing but a number.

Yeah.

Mm hmm.

So now what, uh, can you, do you have examples of these rhymes?

I'd love to read one so that people can go out and buy my book on my website or on amazon.com or, uh, how to get to Amazon.

They don't need the.com.

If you Google Amazon, you can get there also, but you may end up at a rainforest website.

If you go, if you search too low.

So.com helps.

All right.

Are you ready for a nursery rhyme, Scott?

Uh, I am, but I'm not sure if Anthony is.

I'm ready.

Okay.

All right.

Hit us.

Dave and Linda went to the beach to fetch their favorite shells.

Linda was Dave's sister.

The best shells never missed her all day.

She searched away.

They splashed in the water wishing it was hotter, but that's the way things go.

Then Dave turned around, nearly fell to the ground when he realized Linda was a crow.

And that's the first one from the book.

Okay.

Can I hear it again?

Yes, absolutely.

I, I, I, I, I'm trying to wrap my mind around it.

Much like Anthony's TV show.

This gets funnier.

The more you hear it.

Okay, good.

Oh, it's supposed to be funny or interesting.

Yeah.

It's for children.

Put yourself in the head space of, of the mind of a child.

Mind of a child, everybody, everybody at home.

Go to your child's place.

David, Linda went to the beach to fetch their favorite shells.

To fetch their favorite shell, meaning types of shells that they are their favorites, or they left their favorites there on the beach.

The last time they were there, every nursery rhyme should have more questions than answers.

And this is what I like.

Okay.

What is a top fit?

Is it muffin or tough it?

Who's Humpty Dumpty?

These are the questions we ask.

Right there in the thing.

All right.

So, so, uh, uh, they go to the beach.

Great.

Favorite shells.

Linda was Dave's sister.

The best shells never missed her.

Linda was Dave's sister.

They were brother and sister.

Correct.

Okay.

The best shells never missed her.

Never missed her.

Meaning she found them or they found her.

And her like they fought, they fell.

The logic of the nursery rhyme is for the child to decipher.

You know, I like that you, every ending should have more questions than answers.

Again, right?

This is the best art ever written as it is fills you with questions.

Continue.

The best shells never missed her.

All day she searched away.

They splashed in the water wishing it was hotter, but that's the way things go.

Well, okay.

So she's, she's good.

The, the shells never missed her, but it takes her all day to find them.

It takes her all day, but she will find them.

Meaning Dave though is bad at it and he takes all day and doesn't find any.

Or implicitly he could find some shells.

Why does he still go with it?

Because she's his sister and they have a blast and they're in the water.

Also, I don't know if you got to that, but they're splashing in the water.

And they wish it was hotter.

They wish it was hot.

So it's a cold day on the beach.

Or the water is cold.

Okay.

Or both the day is hot or both.

Right.

Okay.

I know these answers, but the part of the art is it's like a song.

I like it to have whatever meaning it has.

All right.

Bring it on home.

And again, this is all up for interpretation.

Then Dave turned around, nearly fell to the ground when he realized Linda was a crow.

You know, I think I've got it.

Okay.

I think I've got it.

Okay.

Dave and Linda, brother and sister.

All right.

They're hanging out in the beach, having a good time, looking at seashells.

They're playing in the water.

This is all true.

Dave gets killed.

Dave gets drowned by a gang, turns to his sister as he's dying.

And she is now the crow from the Brandon Lee movie.

She's now she's got the white face.

She's an agent of vengeance.

She's the first female crow, which is how you update it for today's audiences.

Amazing.

So we updated for 1995.

Yes.

That's the update is casting a woman, a little girl sister in the role of Jason Lee, Brandon Lee, Brandon Lee, Brandon Lee is from mall rats.

It's my, that's my friend parking inspector's father.

Okay.

So, uh, so I'm getting that they're both crows and brother and sister and they're, they're swooping in and picking up seashells and then they're playing in the water.

And then, uh, Dave's human.

Dave is a human boy.

Dave's, Dave's a human boy.

And he realized in that moment, well, it's implied cause he nearly fell to the ground when he found out Linda was a crow, but he crows fall to the ground.

Do they close crows glide to the ground.

They fly to the ground.

I see, this is the problem.

And again, if you bring your children to my book readings, enough questions from the children, I've had enough of this.

Oh really?

The children themselves are asking the children are parsing apart my stories.

They're, they're having trouble following the logic.

They don't, they re they're saying we're imagining one thing and then it's flipped on its head.

And what you're saying isn't what we imagined.

Let the art speak for itself.

Kids.

These book readings sound like a nightmare for you.

Why are you doing them?

Well, to get the word out by children.

At the end of the day, I'm a man of the children.

Okay.

I don't know what that is.

That's not really a title that I would be in search of.

Well, it's the blurb on the front of my book.

Oh no.

I'm a man of the children.

Give your children to me.

I'm the man.

Oh, like a pied Piper sort of.

Exactly.

I say my nursery rhymes and the children follow.

Okay.

Do you have another one?

Absolutely.

This book is filled with rhymes.

I think this one, now that you understand kind of where I'm going with the, yeah, your point of view, these are all about supernatural vengeance.

That could be a way that you interpret it again.

Open for everybody.

Okay.

All right.

Here is the next one.

Little orphan Nancy was adopted by someone fancy.

Her dreams had all come true.

She lived in a mansion as big as Ted Danson's career and smiled from ear to ear.

Things were mostly breezy, but farming wasn't easy.

And that was quite a shame.

Her mama and Papa, they ate up the cropper.

That's right.

Her parents were crows.

Okay.

So no questions on this one.

Well, a little more straight forward.

Let's take it again.

Nancy had a fancy life and she lived in a mansion as big as Ted Danson's career.

He does have a big career.

I mean, he's been on several incredible sitcoms.

I mean, I can think of a cheers, the good place.

Becker.

Yeah.

Ink.

Ink, of course.

Yeah.

Ink.

I don't even know Ink.

I N K.

It was Ink was in between Becker and cheers.

Uh, did not last long.

Yeah.

You got that Zach Alifianakis show on HBO.

The, uh, with Jason Schwartzman.

Yes.

Yeah.

That one, uh, what else do you got?

Using a lot of Caribbean enthusiasm.

Yeah.

A lot of Caribbean enthusiasm show.

It's almost like he was a second lead of that.

Yeah.

He was on an episode of Mark Marin's podcast.

Oh yeah.

He never, never, never on this show.

Oh, that's a shame.

Well, maybe now that he's been named dropped in it, he'll, uh, it'll be interesting.

Yeah.

Suddenly his ears are burning.

Have you asked him?

Uh, no, I have not.

I don't have really a way to get to him.

Oh, uh, it's people.

I guess so.

I guess I could take a shot, just a wild shot at it, but moving past that.

So she lived in a mansion that was very, very big, but then she also.

Farms.

Yes.

The father farm, because they had a farm behind the mansion.

Of course.

They have a farm behind the mansion.

Well, as you do, as you do, you know, imagine a big mansion.

What do you picture?

A farm, like a bind.

Thank you, Anthony.

Anthony has the whimsy that Scott has lost at some point.

I guess I've just become cynical.

Maybe it was being raised by a militaristic father.

Maybe it was years in the world of Hollywood, but Anthony still understands that.

A mansion has a farm and that's what we all picture first.

Guess what I'm confused about though, is that we all know that the Crow.

The, the spiritual embodiment of vengeance only happens one at a time.

So for both of his, her parents to be crows, I don't, there's one like a bird and one is the spirit of vengeance.

Okay.

At this point we can officially lose the Crow movie.

I think this one is not about that.

This one doesn't fit into the Crow mythology.

It does not fit into the Crow mythology.

It's more the Crow extended universe.

It's I, I wasn't even familiar that it was based off of a graphic novel.

It was the Crow two.

Yeah.

Of course.

With Iggy Pop.

Not as the Crow himself.

No, he's a bad guy.

Was that movie as met with tragedy as the original?

And more so.

Really?

Yeah.

Poor Iggy.

Yeah.

Or whoever.

Yeah.

So, uh, it's just a, it's just not a good movie.

Yeah.

That was the tragedy.

Yeah.

That was more tragic than what happened with the first.

Yes.

Was that it was a bad movie and didn't do well.

Right.

They were sort of like, we wish we had a branded Lee situation on our hands with this movie.

Yeah.

You got to promote somehow.

Yeah.

So, uh, so this is not part of the Crow then.

No, this is not part of the film mythology of the Crow.

I would get a cease and desist at this point.

If two of my nursery rhymes were about it.

So the Crows though, they're eating the crops.

The Crows are eating the crops or the crop.

Is that a term that I don't know the crop or is that just, you just had to make a rhyme?

It's scanned with mama and papa.

And there was no way to get another word that rhymes with crop in there through mother and father.

And if you want to be technically correct, if you are making Italian fruits and vegetables, we would say the crop.

The crop.

Yes.

Right.

Are you Italian?

I am Italian.

You are.

Oh, really?

My last name is the Italian last name.

Oh, oh, is this meaning a McSilly scene as a stage name?

Uh, it's not a stage name.

That's Italian.

Oh, that's, that's Italian.

Yes, Italian is as we say in Italy.

Yes.

Okay.

Yeah.

The McSilly steens were Sicilian.

Oh, okay.

McSicilian Steens.

Oh, that's how it all got it.

So that's why being Italian, that's where your sense of vengeance comes from.

Where you're like, even from beyond the grave, I'm going to come back.

I know you've mourned a lot of death in your life, but I'm not as looking for vengeance in my nursery rhymes.

I think that's something you're projecting because you maybe haven't processed something.

Or maybe you don't really realize it in your life.

I mean, do you, uh, do you have a therapist or?

Oh yeah, absolutely.

You do.

How many times a week do you go?

Um, twice.

Twice a week?

Yes.

So you're doing the work.

Absolutely.

You know, I, I, for me, therapy is, is everything.

Really?

And do they ever, does the subject of crows ever come up in your therapy?

I, well, frequently, frequently, uh, we got into a fight about six months in my therapist that turned out to be a crow.

And I felt lied to.

Um, so the subject comes up quite frequently now.

Me being angry with my therapist, bringing up the frustrations that, uh, you know, you were a crow this whole time.

How many times do you suddenly realize that someone that you thought was a human being is actually a crow?

Oh, as much as the next guy, as much as the next guy.

How much does the next guy do it?

Well, you know, if I had to count, um, uh, every day of my life.

Every day?

Yes.

Do you think we're humans, Anthony and I, or are we crows?

Well, would you admit it if you were not humans?

I, I would admit it.

Yeah.

I believe you to both be humans.

There was a TV show based on the movie, the crow, where the guy could just kind of switch in and out.

You know, he could be the crow or not the crow be normal guy.

The crow would then not be the crow.

He could do it.

He could just say it was like, how's that work?

Like flipping a switch and then he was in the makeup.

Is it like that?

It's not like that.

These crows are crows forever.

But I just misunderstood them and felt misled and gaslit.

So it's nothing like the crow TV show.

What does surprise you to realize that I actually am a crow?

It would upset me.

But it would not surprise you.

Well, it wouldn't, it would not surprise me.

You have been burned so many times on this crow thing that it would not surprise you.

I wouldn't surprise me if my wife was a crow at this point.

Okay.

Really?

Your wife is not a crow.

I hope not.

How long have you been married?

Des De Croner and I met, uh, who does the Corona?

My wife.

We met 11 years ago.

Where?

On a farm.

Was it behind a mansion by a chance or?

It was, it was.

Yes.

Typical farm.

Typical farm behind a mansion.

Yeah.

But we met and we, it was a love it.

I guess it was love at first sight.

Okay.

And what, uh, you both saw each other and both fighting over the same year of corn.

It was a real meet cute.

Okay.

Look, we have to take a break.

Is that okay?

I want to hear maybe a few more of your poems.

Are they poems or rhymes?

Nursery rhymes, which is the poetry of life.

Okay.

We need to take a break.

When we come back, we'll have more with Anthony Jeselnik, more with Maximilian McSilly scene, and we have a motivational speaker coming up.

We'll be right back with more comedy bang bang after this comedy bang bang.

We're back here with Anthony Jeselnik.

The show.

Good talk, uh, is out on September 6th.

This Friday.

That's like that.

Like you don't want to stumble over, uh, those two syllables.

Yeah.

Sorry.

It's uh, I mean, they're just two four letter words, but, uh, uh, I don't want to mess them up.

Good talk.

Also, also it could be misconstrued as good talk, you know?

So I want to make sure that everyone hears it's good and it's also a talk.

I mean, that's why I came on is to clear up any confusion.

Were you, are you worried about reviews, uh, using the show good talk and saying stuff like good talk is actually bad talk.

Uh, good talk, uh, should be better talk, you know, stuff like that.

It's my worst nightmare, you know, just the, I mean, just the chills right now.

When the old gray lady start comes a call in and starts writing their headlines.

What are they going to do?

Yeah.

I left myself open to criticism and I just got to live with it.

Right.

Good talk is more like good schlock.

I mean, why are you just, you're not just giving them ideas.

I'm spoonfeeding them.

I'm sorry.

Sorry.

But that comes out, uh, this Friday at 11 PM.

Uh, we also have Maximilian McSillystein, uh, from Sicily, uh, or his family originally is from Sicily.

Uh, he's a children's author and, uh, does a new nursery rhymes.

Yes.

Modern nursery rhymes.

Do you have any more, uh, I have one more I'd like to read.

If you'll indulge me, I will indulge you.

Thank you for the indulgence.

I mean, the Crow had three movies, so it makes sense that we should watch.

What was the third one?

The reboot or the Crow three.

There's a reboot they're talking about.

I think that was straight to video.

Oh, okay.

Uh, there's a reboot with Jason Momoa.

Oh, Momoa is the Crow.

He's circling like a Crow.

Okay.

Sounds like Jason Mccrow to me.

I mean, I guess he can't argue with that.

It can't.

There's no idea.

Try to argue with it.

I dare you.

All right.

Um, no, it's not like that.

And I rescind my argument.

Oh, well that was easier than I thought.

Okay.

I guess he can't argue with it.

Folded like a crow.

All right.

Let's hear this new, uh, nursery rhyme.

Thank you.

This is the, this is the last one in the book, which is always the best.

It's like a closer in a concert.

Is that true, Anthony, that you want to start with your second best joke and end with your best?

Um, I like to, I just start with my best and then end with someone else's best.

Okay.

So you start with your best, then it's all downhill until you steal someone else's.

I start with my best and then I just kind of talk while people are still laughing at that first one.

Like, yeah, you like that one.

And at the end I use someone else's joke.

Right.

Who's who's are you using lately?

You know what lately?

Uh, Chrissy Teigen.

I, I read her tweets.

Okay.

You just read her tweets out loud.

That's wonderful.

All right.

Uh, Maximilian let's uh, what do you got?

All right.

This is the last page of my book here.

How many pages is that book?

32.

Okay.

32 for a children's book.

Not bad.

Yes.

Uh, for the, the literate child.

Dame Judi Dench sat on a bench waiting for her lift.

For her lift, meaning L Y F T.

Got a little branding in there.

T'was quarter past eight.

Her lift was quite late.

What was with this driver named Joe?

When Joe did arrive, Dame Judi did thrive her anger.

She let him hear.

I'm an Oscar winner.

Who's late for her dinner.

I'll tear you from ear to ear.

Joe, who is not a Crow replied.

I just cannot lie.

I wish I could fly.

My car is just too slow.

Perhaps it's the tires.

Please run with Crow.

Perhaps it's the tires for Jerry Maguires.

A film by Cameron Crow.

Also Joe and do the dance for both crows.

All right.

This one is, is a really, a mindful for the modern child.

You got some, you got some nice sponsorships in there with lift and, uh, Cameron Crow films.

Yes.

I found nursery rhymes are not, uh, branded enough in the modern age.

So a lot of my nursery rhymes have co-branding in them.

And then eight 15 is too late for dinner for Judy.

D'inch.

I guess she's more, probably more of a five o'clock person.

Not only is she British and they eat earlier dinners, but also she's in London.

6 PM is a dinner.

Is that true?

I don't know.

Why'd we look at you?

You're not wearing a British hat.

You're wearing a baseball hat.

I just wonder like, are you worried about this book becoming dated once Judy D'inch dies, which is going to happen.

I mean, maybe she's immortal like the Crow.

Isn't the Crow immortal?

The Crow's the opposite of immortal.

Once he achieves vengeance, he dies.

Wait, wait, wait.

So the Crow, the Crow's dead already, but then is sort of like a zombie, like a, uh, like zombies come back and they hunger for brains.

The Crow comes back and he hungers for vengeance.

Okay.

And what, what constitutes vengeance?

Is it like going through the judicial system and, uh, you know, oh really?

So just like, he's got to have them all arrested.

And then he sits through the court hearings.

He testifies.

He can get on the jury.

He does it.

Oh really?

Yeah.

Okay.

But he does the jury and makeup and full outfit or he is clean.

I mean, it's not makeup.

I mean, in the Crow world, it's not, that's what he looks like.

Oh, okay.

Cause it always comes off when he's wrestling.

When he's like professionally.

Yes.

Yeah.

That was a summer slam.

It was hot and the makeup is going to come off a little bit.

But, uh, you know, when the undertaker and the referee, uh, you know, collude to kill your wife, what are you gonna do?

You got to throw it up and get out there.

Yeah.

Well, a wonderful poem.

Thank you very much.

I really look forward to reading the rest of your book.

Approximately how many of your poems, uh, rhyme words like slow and though, and Oh, I, how many, the easier question to answer would be how many do not.

Ah, and how many is that?

Zero.

Okay.

Zero.

Great.

All right.

Well look, we need to go to our next guest.

Uh, and this is exciting.

He is a motivational speaker and a motivational speakers are almost like comedians without the jokes.

Although some of them are quite funny.

Don't you agree?

I think most motivational speakers are funnier than comedians.

Yeah, I think so too.

Like I would rather watch a motivational speaker and I would laugh more and longer than, you know, uh, your average standup comedian.

It's almost unpleasant how much you laugh at emotion.

Yeah.

It hurts your tummy tum.

Yeah.

All right.

Well, let's see if our tummy tums hurt by the end of his appearance here on the show.

Please welcome motivational speaker Art Kettle One.

Thank you so much for having me Scott.

It's a pleasure to be here.

Great to be here.

So it's nice to talk to be inspired by these people and I'm sure I'll make your tummies hurt just fine.

Oh, great.

Where are you from?

It sounds like you have a, a sort of a Southern lilt.

Oh yeah.

That's right.

From a little town called Cairo, Georgia.

Cairo, Georgia.

I know someone from Georgia and no matter how hard he tries, he can never not sound like he's from Georgia.

Oh yeah.

I know who you're talking about.

Exactly.

So you're from Cairo.

Where was it?

Cairo.

Cairo, Georgia.

Capital of the United States of America.

Syrup capital.

Really?

That's right Scott.

Maple and other or because maple would be up there in the great white north.

I would imagine, but, uh.

You know, I'm not sure.

I've never, I never, I never was a sweets man myself.

Really?

You don't like sweets?

I don't like sweets at all.

No matter what people say, I get my fix in other ways.

Your fix, uh, what do you mean when you...

Love, self love.

That's what I preach.

Self love.

Oh yeah.

That's all I do.

I'm going around this country, this great country of ours with a beautiful tour called Be Who You Are because all you are is who you are.

And if who you are is who you are, then who you are is enough.

Hmm.

Interesting.

It's an interesting tagline.

It kind of went on longer than I thought it would.

It reminds me of a movie.

Which one?

The Crow?

Yeah.

Oh yeah.

Beautiful movie.

He had to be who he was.

That's right.

You gotta love who you are and that crow's gotta know that who he is is all he needs to get back to that grave after serving on a jewelry.

So you're going around the country doing this?

That's right.

Yeah.

I'm just preaching.

You know, what, what, what, what's the biggest problem facing the people today?

Biggest problem facing the people today?

This is a stumper for me.

Fake crows, I would say is up there.

Wait, are they, are fake crows the problem or things that are crows, real crows?

That's a better way to word it.

I would dare say you could go on any census around the country and you will find that is not the answer apart from you.

I mean, I would think crows are afraid to admit it on the census.

Well, you might be, this may go deeper than we know, but I would say the number one problem facing people is that they don't love themselves. They don't accept who they are.

So I always tell people, all you got to do is repeat to yourself, I love who I am.

So that's, these are the tenants of your philosophy.

That's right.

That one should say, I love who I am every single day.

Yes.

Well, people, you know, people say to me, well, how do you do that?

You know, you, you, you drink a lot of, a lot of vodka, don't you Art?

I said, well, I love who I am.

They say, Art, you speak too fast.

I don't understand you.

I said, well, I love who I am.

They say, Art, you cheated on me.

You're speaking a little too fast for me.

Well, I love who I am, Scott.

You know, they say to me, Art, you cheated on me on that speaking engagement in Denver recently.

I say, well, I love who I am, Nancy.

Hold on, cheated on you during a speech speaking engagement or cheated on you in a speaking?

That's what my, Like you were supposed to do a speaking engagement somewhere else and you did it.

You did a different one.

Is that what you mean?

Both those things are true.

I did a speak.

I was supposed to speak in engagement in Denver, I did one in Akron, and then I slept with somebody other than my wife, but I love who I am and that's fine.

Okay.

So you, uh, uh, no matter what you do, in other words, you think that's all right, because if you just love yourself, then it's not a problem.

Is that what you're trying to say?

No, exactly right.

That's exactly right.

What are some of the terrible things you've done that you're okay with?

I don't think they're terrible, Art, but people say it, Art.

People say, well, Art, you know, you're facing two federal indictments.

You are?

86 counts of mail fraud and I say, well, I love who...

86 counts?

How does one, what'd you do with all this mail fraud?

I told people I send them my eight DVD set called Be Who You Are, Cause Who You Are Is Who You Are, and All You Are Can Be Is Who You Is Enough, and I sent them all a box of orange Tic Tacs instead.

A box?

A small pack, I mean, one of those little packs.

Well, yeah, that is sort of a box.

Yeah, I've done some things, Scott, but I'm not, I love who I am.

And that constitutes mail fraud is because it's traveling throughout the US Postal Service.

That's right, apparently.

You should have used Stamps.com.

Oh, Stamps.com, that's a wonderful sponsor.

I don't think there is such a thing as US Stamps.com fraud.

That's a good point.

You should all go to Stamps.com slash podcast, use code COM to bang bang.

So 86 people ordered the box set.

That's right.

And you frauded all of them.

Well, fraud is just the word that is technically being used against me right now in a court of law where I'm wanted, but that's not the word I'd use.

I'd use I gave them an equal value.

If I were to order an eight DVD box set right now, would I get orange Tic Tacs or have you learned your lesson?

I have learned my lesson.

I now send out the green ones.

There's those green ones.

I like the orange ones, though.

I think there's always room to change.

Yeah, that's true.

I agree with that.

There's room to change if you just love yourself, you know.

People said to me, well, who are you to preach?

You're the one who switched out the fake bullets with real ones and Brandon Lee's gun on the set of that movie, The Crowd.

Wait a minute.

Really?

Well, I was just in the mood for some hygiene.

This is what a coincidence.

I didn't know that was a prank.

I didn't know.

Oh, yeah.

It seemed like an unfortunate tragedy.

Tragedy.

But people have different definitions of pranks when they talk to me.

I say you got to go harder.

Why is it funny?

You know, I guess so.

It's sort of like an impractical Joker's kind of.

Yes, I'm a big impractical Joker's guy.

You are.

You know, I started a race war.

You what?

Started a race war?

I started a little race war one time, but it was it was funny for a little bit.

Which race war?

Yeah, there's so many.

At the Olympics.

Which Olympics?

The Richard Jewell Olympics?

What's that?

The Richard Jewell Olympics?

The Atlanta ones?

I mean, that's right there in Georgia.

I was drinking a lot of Ketel One at the time, so I don't have my exact Olympics knowledge, but that sounds familiar.

Isn't Richard is Richard Jewell an actor?

No, I mean, he had a lot of charisma, though.

I could have been one.

Yeah.

You know, your name is Art Ketel One, and you just mentioned that you're drinking Ketel One.

Are you?

Yeah.

Well, I changed your name to be sponsored by Ketel One.

Ah, you know, I did.

It's originally Art Ketelman and Ketelman.

But are you from Sicily?

Yes, originally originally from Sicily, but I moved to Georgia when I was pretty young.

I was 22.

And so I still, you know, I assimilated real quick.

OK, so why did you change your name then?

To Ketel One?

Yeah.

Oh, in order to get a sponsorship from that beautiful company.

Right.

OK, so you drink a lot of vodka.

I love vodka, Sky.

It's what powers me through my life, but I just love who I am.

OK, well, I mean, I guess we all have to love who we are.

I mean, at least that part of your philosophy I agree with.

Yeah, so you ever done anything wrong in your life, Sky?

Oh, I mean, a lot, but I don't think just loving who I am gives me a blank check to just...

It's not a blank check.

It's more of a self and other forgiveness.

Try it.

My son is five years old.

He is.

Yes.

And he came up, he said, Daddy.

You're an old dad, by the way, considering you did that prank back in 1994 during the filming of The Crow.

That's right.

I had my first born when I was 63.

Really?

Oh, I have mobile fertile sperm, Scott.

Yes.

Wow.

OK.

Yes.

So your son came up to you and what happened?

He said, Well, Daddy, it's my fifth birthday.

Why don't you get me a cake?

Why don't you get me this balloon covered in whipped cream?

You got a balloon covered in whipped cream?

Oh, yes.

He tried to cut into it, blew out the candle, exploded in his face.

It had a candle on it?

Oh, yes, Scott.

OK.

I laughed and laughed and laughed, ran outside, started a race war, came back in and was still crying.

Oh, my God.

What a day for you.

Oh, yeah.

Well, I love who I am, Scott.

That's what I like to give all your listeners, the wisdom.

Now, yeah.

I have a question.

When you start a race war, do you care who wins?

Or are you just like, is starting the race war enough for you?

Well, what do we define as a race war exactly?

Because I think there are different definitions.

I would think it would be a war between two races, two or more races.

Two or more, yeah, even three.

Exactly.

Yeah.

I go for high numbers.

I aim for a minimum of eight races when I start a race war.

And how do you determine the races?

Are you like, even subsets within other races?

I sort of eyeball it.

I just look at somebody and go, oh, that's a real.

I think it's a good jumping off point for starting a race war.

It's just walking around and eyeballing people and saying what they are.

Exactly.

Do that in a big metropolitan area where it's pretty diverse and you can get some real fights started.

You ever have the shit kicked out of you?

Oh, all the time, Scott.

But I love who I am.

It doesn't matter.

They can kick the shit out of me all day and I just say, hey, I love who I am.

You know when I had the shit kicked out of me the hardest, Scott?

When was that?

I stole six make-a-wishes from six.

How do you steal make-a-wishes?

Oh, anything's possible with the righteous guys.

You're stealing the wishes?

So like what is like Lady Gaga coming to see you or how are you?

That's right.

Well, if you have enough motivation and a good razor to shave your hair, you can get in any little bed and pretend to be a child when Lady Gaga walks in.

OK, so oh, I see.

So you're stealing.

So the kids make a wish and then you swap the kid out for yourself.

Yes.

When their wish gets there.

OK, well, swaps one word for it.

But sure, I get rid of the kid.

What's the word you get rid of the kid?

Somehow.

Yeah, it's not a big deal.

I give the family the kid back, you know, full of stuff with sawdust, but it's still there.

Oh my God.

I love who I am, Scott.

Is there anything someone could do that would be that would be irredeemable?

That even if they loved themselves, you'd be like, that's too far.

Absolutely.

Like if Hitler came back to life now.

And started doing some really bad stuff.

As a crow.

As a crow, sure.

Oh, as a crow.

Getting revenge.

Yes.

Yeah.

For all the wrongs that were done to him.

Yes.

Revengeance, yeah.

Where would he start, I wonder?

Probably the Gap.

Okay.

Yeah.

Because he would need modern clothes or for vengeance.

I think just to, just to kind of go in there.

To fit in, yeah.

I would go to the barbershop.

Just to see what people are wearing these days.

You know, like take care of the mustache.

So he wasn't, I guess though with the crow makeup, although it's not makeup, I beg your pardon.

Well, after you die, the beard keeps growing.

So now he's got a full beard.

Oh.

That's what people don't understand.

But with a mustache a little bit longer than the full beard?

Tiny bit.

Interesting.

Wow.

So just to recap, we're painting the image of Hitler coming back as a crow with a full beard, slightly longer mustache, wearing clothes at the Gap and returning to life in the modern era.

Is that irredeemable?

Yeah.

Yes.

I think that is absolutely irredeemable.

That's where you draw the line.

I draw the line.

That now any specifics of those, you change them a little bit and I'd be like, maybe he could just love himself a little more.

Okay.

What if, what if he did not have the full beard?

Oh, he'd be fine.

He's okay.

You got to take care of yourself a little bit.

You know.

What if he went to an Abercrombie and Fitch?

Oh, well, I'm not a fan of that brand.

Really?

Oh, I got to tell you, Abercrombie and Fitch, not for me.

Really?

Is it the guy who stands outside there trying to get people in?

Yes.

Oh yes.

It's just not a conducive environment for a fun prank, Scott.

Oh, you like to play pranks in department stores.

Of course.

That's where you're doing the most in there.

You know, it's not a great place for a race war.

It's hard stuff to start a race war in Abercrombie and Fitch, but it's not a very diverse place.

It is as white as my fine booties, Dan.

What'd you call him?

Dan?

I call him Dan.

You know, sometimes my other thing, I eyeball people.

I give them a race and I give them a different name.

Okay.

So your booty is really white?

He's showing it to me right now.

It is white as the day is long.

Look at that.

Take a look at that.

I see it.

Well, I love who I am and I love my fine white booty, Dan.

So if I'm, if I'm reading you right, your characteristics are you love yourself, you're Southern and you're a prankster.

That's right.

I'm Southern, but grew up in Sicily till the age of 20.

Right.

That's right.

But okay.

Yeah, that's splitting hairs maybe.

Well, wonderful stuff.

And do you have any talks coming up?

Oh yes.

I'm touring around.

Like I said, I will be in Colorado next month.

Really?

Yes.

I'll be doing my talk.

Like I said, it's called Be Who You Are.

Cause if you are who you are, then all you gotta be is who you are.

And that's enough.

Now I'd love to watch that DVD.

Could you say the name of that one again?

Of the DVD?

Yes.

Oh yeah.

It's Be Who You Are.

Cause if you are who you are, then all you gotta do is be who you are.

And once you're who you are, that's good enough for me.

That clear that up, Dan?

Absolutely.

Search that in Amazon.

Is it rated R?

Sorry?

Is it rated R?

R?

Like Be Who You Are.

Oh!

Anthony, I don't know if you know his work.

He's a bit of a comedian, isn't he?

Well, he's a lot of a comedian.

He's like 100%.

I haven't seen his work.

He's very funny.

And it's all wordplay.

Yeah, all wordplay and fireworks and trapdoors.

Mm-hmm.

Yeah.

But is it rated R?

It is rated R. There's some parts of it that are absolutely unacceptable for the common man to watch.

Like what?

What are these parts?

Oh, well, I will be honest.

I bribed some people to get that down to an R rating.

Really?

So what was it?

It was like NC17 or Triple X?

It was a hard triple X.

Really?

So there's like just fucking going on?

There's some hardcore penetration in it.

It's directed by Vincent Gallo, right?

That's right.

He gets a blowjob from a crow.

From you?

From a...

Yes.

It's interspecies.

There's a lot of violence.

Oh my gosh, wow.

Well, this sounds really good.

Check it out, please, by my dignity.

Oh, it's at the libraries?

Yes, it's at the libraries.

Okay, great.

Look, we have to take a break.

When we come back, we're going to have more from Anthony Jeselnik, more from Maximillian or Dan McSillystein and also ArtKettleOne.

We'll be right back with more Comedy Bang Bang after this.

Comedy Bang Bang, we're back here with Anthony Jeselnik.

Good Talk comes out September 6th, this Friday, Comedy Central 11 p.m.

We also have Maximillian or Dan McSillystein, who is a children's author.

What's the title of your book again?

Maximin...

Maxim...

Boy, it's hard, isn't it?

It's hard to say my own name, I'm understanding why you have so much trouble.

Maximillian McSillystein's new, underlined, Nursery Rhymes.

That's underlined.

Okay, why didn't you underline the rest of the book?

Well, because if everything's underlined, then nothing is underlined.

Do you understand?

Oh, wow.

That's all, you're almost like a motivational speaker yourself.

Yes, maybe I'll go on the road.

Speaking of motivational speakers, we also have ArtKettleOne here.

Author of Be Who You Are, because if you are who you are, then you're...

Are...

Ah, that's where I run out.

If you are who you are, because if you aren't who you are, then who are you?

You don't know who you are, so you gotta be who you are, because then who you are is enough.

Rated R, down from a triple X.

All right.

Well, we have one of our favorite features on this show.

We play it every single week.

It's time for a little something called Would You Rather?

Yes.

All right.

It's time to play Would You Rather?

We all know how this is played.

People send us Would You Rather scenarios to our Twitter account, which is at CBBWYR comedy bang bang Would You Rather?

I will read them out loud.

I will then open the floor for questions.

There will be no questions before the floor is opened.

I want to make that just deadly, deadly clear.

People were doing it for a while, and I just can't abide it.

Open like a trapdoor?

Yeah, a lot like a trapdoor.

So, and you know trapdoors better than anyone.

So once the floor is opened, then feel free to ask questions about either of the scenarios in order to help narrow down your choice.

I will then close the floor for questions.

And this, it's very similar to the previous rule.

No questions after I close the floor.

It just gets to be a drag.

You know what I mean?

Like we had so many questions and we were all so excited about all the questions when the floor was open, then the floor is closed.

And people I know, the excitement, I guess the better of you.

And you're like, I still have more, I still have more.

But it just, you know, if I answer one, then I have to answer everyone.

So it's just, it's just a rule we have once the floor is closed, no asking any more questions.

Everyone good with that?

I need a verbal yes.

I think I understand.

Okay.

No, no, you can't just nod your head.

Maximilian Dan.

You have a verbal yes.

Okay.

Uh huh.

It's not a yes.

Okay.

Yeah.

I will accept.

Yeah.

Fantastic.

All right.

And, uh, art kettle one and dady do.

All right.

Very good.

We'll then tally up all the points.

See who wins.

All right.

This comes to us from Jordan Maywood.

Oh, Jordan Maywood's back with, uh, would you rather scenarios?

He's a, would you rather superstar?

Um, Jordan Mayhood may would rather asks, would you rather every person born in February has the ability to fly or would you rather roll dice every morning in order to decide what job you will go to that day?

Hmm.

Interesting.

And now I, if I could form this as a statement, the floor is not open.

Are you telling me or are you asking me?

I am stating that.

You're stating the floor is not open.

You could tell me if I'm incorrect.

Why would I, I mean, I'm just a guy.

Okay.

I'll state it.

The floor is not open.

All right.

I didn't know you were the boss of, would you rather I thought that was me, but, uh, an interesting conundrum.

Nonetheless, would you rather every person born in February has the ability to fly or would you rather roll dice every morning in order to decide what job you'll go to that day?

It's interesting.

Races a lot of, uh, yeah.

In this moment, I have some things I'm curious about.

Obviously curiosity killed the cat.

My dear boy.

We all know that that's an old nursery rhyme.

Is it not?

Or I guess it didn't rhyme.

It's a nursery statement, a nursery statement, which is my, my last book.

Yeah.

Oh really?

You did nursery statements.

Yes.

Give us an example of some of those.

Every dog eats its breakfast.

Yeah, I guess that's true.

Although I had a dog who was very picky for a while and did not want to eat her breakfast.

And, uh, uh, then we put a little chicken into it and, uh, uh, she learned to love her breakfast.

I'll release a new addition.

Oh, great.

It's just, will that be included with an asterisk?

Every dog.

Like Mark McGuire's home run record.

Absolutely.

Although that may be in dispute.

Anthony doesn't think that, uh, 61 asterisk.

He had 61 home runs, but they put an asterisk.

They did put an asterisk.

Yeah.

Do you know this?

There was an HBO, one of those, uh, HBO films about it.

Oh, and it was titled 61 asterisk.

What was the Billy crystal one title?

That's different.

That's a different thing.

That's different.

What was that?

That was about Roger Maris breaking babe Ruth's home run record.

And then saying there's more games.

Now we're going to put an asterisk next to it.

I guess I just saw the title and assumed the rest.

Yes.

No, it was an asterisk piece.

It was before Mark McGuire was born.

That must be a million years ago.

I can't even remember a time when Mark McGuire wasn't born.

You can't?

No.

Can't come back that far?

No, I can't even imagine.

I can't fathom it.

Oh man.

Well, would you rather every person born in February is an ability to fly or would you rather roll dice every morning in order to submit to home run?

So the dice, uh, another statement, I suppose the dice say the job on them.

They do?

Well, it's like a code, like you roll seven, so you got to go pick up trash.

Huh?

Okay.

Wonder who the keeper of the code is, but I won't ask that.

Interesting.

You know, I once did something similar with dice.

You did?

What'd you do?

Oh yeah.

I put names of different endangered species on each side of a dice and every morning I roll it.

And then I go out with my, my bachelor party and we hunt it down.

Every day you would go out with a bachelor party.

Same bachelor party?

Oh no, different, different people's bachelor parties.

I guess a lot of people get married every year.

Oh yes.

It's easy to find them too.

Yeah.

So, but every, I mean, I don't know if I would want to have my bachelor party on a Monday.

Oh, that's true.

Now that I think about it, that was the saddest one.

Oh yeah.

Mondays were bad.

On Monday.

It was a bad bachelor party.

Yeah.

Interesting.

Would you rather every person born in February has the ability to fly or would you rather roll dice every morning and just say, boy, really just like tickles the brain.

Doesn't it?

It's a lot to think about there.

A lot to think about.

That could use some clarity.

Yeah.

So could I.

I mean, we did hear that the jobs are listed on the dice.

The jobs are listed on the dice.

Since I said that, that is true.

And there are thousands of dice that you roll at once.

Like thousands of pairs.

It's like a giant box.

You just dump out of there.

Yeah.

Cause there's so many job options you would need more than even a Dungeons and dragons.

Fuck.

Cool.

That's great.

And the flying people were not, they're not inherently crows because they were born in February.

They just happen to be people who can fly.

Period.

Your voice went up.

That was the end of that in a most suspicious manner.

I think if they're born in February and someone close to them is murdered, then they become crows.

They become crows.

I thought, I thought that people became crows because they were murdered.

Yes, but it's, but they're also someone else is dead too.

Someone else can be dead too.

Or it's not, you don't come back to avenge yourself.

You come back to avenge.

Do you have to be dead to be a crow?

Yes.

So do you die if you die with someone like in the same murder, you know, like the same Valentine's day massacre or something like that.

If you die with your girlfriend at the same time, you can avenge her.

What do you, what do you know about the same Valentine's day massacre?

Because it sounds like you think it was a date party.

That, uh, yeah, I think a lot of couples who were out celebrating and, uh, all got shot up by the mob out there in Chicago.

It was mobsters being shot by the police.

What?

Yes.

Mobsters being shot by the police?

And they all became crows.

Whoa, amazing.

And that's where Valentine's day comes from.

Period.

All right.

Well, um, I don't know what to do here.

Charles Darwin was born in February.

Charles Darwin was?

Oh yeah.

I was just looking it up.

People born February famous people.

That was the first one that came up.

Yeah.

That would be interesting though, because that'd be ironic for him.

I think if he could suddenly fly.

What if he was born in February, but then like he evolved into like, nah, now born in December, that'd be funny.

Wouldn't it?

Because of the evolution thing.

I guess.

I don't know.

I didn't think it through all that much.

Well, I'm going to go with the dice one.

I hope the floor isn't going to open and I'll learn something that makes me upset about that.

But you're, you're picking dice.

I'm picking dice.

Early vote.

I like it.

This is early and early and often.

Okay.

Good.

We got one for the dice.

One for the dice.

I would enjoy it.

And this is a bit of a whimsical scenario, but perhaps you'd enjoy Mr.

McSilestine.

But if all the dice were in fact various versions of Andrew Dice Clay, and then you rolled them right.

Rolled him.

Yeah.

He says the job out loud when he does it in the form of an Andrew Dice Clay style nursery rhyme.

I wonder if you could get the job of Andrew Dice Clay.

Clay for a comedian.

Clay for a day.

Yes.

Clay for a day.

Which was my make a wish.

Oh, I stole that.

Yes.

I never got a chance to do it.

You were Clay for a day?

I was Clay for a day.

What'd you do?

Oh, I went around to old ladies and I said, hickory dickory duck, suck my cuck.

And I'd walk away and it was pretty fun.

Old ladies.

Wow.

I guess they were probably not old when he was telling those jokes back in the early nineties.

Oh, I was probably in the, in the prime, uh, uh, clay demo.

That's right.

When I think of people, I always think of their future selves when I refer to them.

You know what I mean?

Like that's interesting talking to an old, old man, like yourself.

Okay.

Interesting.

Old Don Mann.

All right.

The floor is open.

Okay.

And the floor is closed.

Oh, too bad.

Too bad.

All right.

Well, we have one, uh, vote for the dice that, uh, Maximilian Dan, uh, voted for the dice.

All right.

Anyone else want to vote?

I will.

You're going to vote?

I'm going, I'm going, uh, flying in February.

Flying in February.

Why is that?

Uh, black history month for one.

Uh, I think they deserve it.

Uh, secondly, you know, the black history month doesn't celebrate people who were born in February.

Oh, I understand.

But I do also understand Scott, that all black people were born in February.

Oh, is that true?

I had no idea.

All right.

I'm going to look that up.

Um, Martin Luther King.

He was born in February.

Roberto Clemente, everybody.

Now we're not here to talk about sports though, right?

No.

Even though that is your other podcast.

You're not.

And I also, I also think that flying is overrated.

I superpower because it gets cold.

So, but you're still voting for it.

So cold.

Yes.

Because I feel like it's the lesser of two evils.

But getting cold, there's a solution.

You just wear jackets.

So people will, you just see people who were born in February, uh, African American, obviously flying around wearing North face.

So if you saw anyone wearing North face, you would go, oh, I bet they were born in February.

Mm hmm.

That's what I would say.

And also I love my job.

So I don't want to roll dice to find you don't want to switch jobs.

No.

Really?

No.

Like what would be a bad job that you would get?

Anything, anything other than what I do.

Really?

You don't think you could do anything else?

No.

What about lawyer?

Like your dad?

Really?

I would have been terrible lawyer.

Comedians sort of like being a lawyer in a way.

Like you're arguing your point and you're, you know, doing big courtroom speeches and you're, you know, fanning yourself with a handkerchief.

They do encores.

We carry briefcases and that's it.

Those are the only similarities.

That's the one thing about Anthony Jesse.

Like if you see him on stage, always with a briefcase and just dressed, you know, for the job he wants, which is comedian.

Yes.

Yeah.

All right.

Art kettle won.

Yes.

I will actually also vote in for the February flying people.

You're voting for the February.

That's right.

I think it'd be interesting because February is an interesting month where once every four years there's an extra day.

So people who are born on the 29th of February only will suddenly start flying once every four years.

Oh, I didn't think about it.

Do they get to fly for the whole year?

Well, I suppose the fourth of the time, I guess we don't know because no one asked the question.

I wonder if parents would try to start conceiving children nine months ahead of February.

Yeah.

Get that February baby.

Oh, that's right.

Yeah.

You want a flying baby.

Try to get in there in May or June.

Yeah.

May.

Yeah.

That is the best time for a good fucking.

Although would you not want to have a baby who flies because then how would you ever cut?

You know, it's just bad enough when your baby runs off in the middle of traffic.

Yeah, it's funny.

I'll tell you, I've had three children fly away and it is not fun.

Okay.

Your children are not crows.

I don't know what to tell you.

I've had three children literally fly the coop on me and it's heartbreaking.

Really?

I tell you, I've had or made three children run into traffic and it is fun, Dan.

All right.

Well, it looks like we have two votes for flying in February.

We have Anthony and Art Kettle One and both of your names start with A. That's great.

Huh?

Oh.

Yeah, that's cool.

Good talk.

That's awesome.

Good talk.

It was a good talk.

And then we have Maximilian Dan.

He votes for Dice for Dan in a way.

D.

Dan D Dice.

So that's cool.

Yes, I did vote for a thing that is the same letter as the name you called me by accident.

Right.

So that is cool.

That is very cool.

Good talk.

Connections.

Good talk.

All right.

Well, good game.

That's how we play Would You Rather.

You don't get a vote?

You don't?

I don't vote.

No.

And please be quiet.

During the theme.

We can't talk during the scene.

That's a question.

I told you.

All right.

You lost.

What the fuck?

You lost.

You guys are co-winners.

Nice.

Can I sing alone?

God damn it.

You lost.

Anthony, you're the winner.

You're the single winner.

Lone winner.

I'm the winner?

No.

God damn.

Stop.

Stop the music.

Stop the.

God damn it.

God, you guys were doing so well for so long and you fucked it up.

Scott, don't cry.

God, I can't help it.

This just meant a lot to me.

Do you think maybe that there are so many rules on the game that it makes it?

It makes it a lot of pressure on you, Scott?

I think.

I don't know if, you know, I've talked to my therapist about it.

I go three times a week, so I'm a little more.

Beat me.

Yeah, I'm a little more well off than you in that regard emotionally.

Yeah, I think it might.

Yeah, there's just so many rules I have to keep track of and keeping you assholes in line, you know, and you all did so well and I was really rooting for you, but oh, well, that's how it goes.

Well, that was fun though, right?

Even though you're all losers.

Yeah, that was really fun.

That was really fun, wasn't it?

It was really fun.

There was that D for dice thing, Dan and Dice, and then there was the fact that your names are the same letter.

Your last name starts with A, which is.

That's so cool too.

So that's good.

We had fun doing that, right?

Yes, those are fun things.

Those are fun.

Alright, this was fun.

This is a fun time.

Alright, well, we only have one last final feature on the show, and that's a little something called Plugs.

♪ And now the time has come, my friends ♪ ♪ The show is coming to an end ♪ ♪ And the plugs are quickly coming ♪ ♪ Please save your shit while people are listening ♪ ♪ And the idea can be planted in their brain ♪ ♪ And the upcoming days will end ♪ ♪ And the last few months, Jizz ♪ Oh my gosh.

Wow, one of the only songs to end with the word jizz, I believe.

Although if there's another one, please send it to me.

That was The Sound of Plugs by Pleasure Noises.

Oh, okay.

I get pleasure noises and then ends in jizz.

Doesn't brown sugar end with him saying, you make a dead man cum?

It might, yeah.

It's close.

Very close.

Yeah, very, very, too close almost for comfort.

Go on.

Yeah.

Alright guys, why don't we plug in Anthony?

Of course you have the show Good Talk coming out September 6th, Friday at 11pm on Comedy Central.

Yes.

In six episodes, so it'll be September 6th, September 13th, September 20th, September 27th, October 4th, October 11th, and then nothing?

Sounds right.

Sounds right, until season two.

Yeah.

Which I've assured them will happen.

You've told them?

Mm-hmm.

Yeah, I let them know.

You said you're picking up the show?

Mm-hmm.

I said, guys...

Hey guys, I picked up the show.

Good news.

Good news for Good Talk.

I also have a podcast, season two of my podcast on Comedy Central comes back this week.

How do you delineate the seasons?

You just stopped for a while?

We had a contract for a certain amount of episodes and when that was over, I said, well, that season won.

Okay.

How many episodes was that?

That was 40.

40?

Okay.

So you're out there.

And now you're coming back this week, you said?

Yes, this week.

So tomorrow night.

Tomorrow night, September 3rd.

Yeah, Tuesday night, Tuesday night, the new episodes premiere.

Fantastic.

Yeah, Jeselnik and Rosenthal Vanity Project.

And do you guys just mainly talk about sports or what do you do?

We were supposed to talk about sports and then we stopped doing that almost immediately and talk about everything else.

There's not a lot to talk about, really.

Once you hit cover the bases.

Well, my friend Greg works for the NFL network, so he like really knows his stuff, but I don't.

I would never be like, you should have gone for it on fourth down.

I don't know.

What's he do?

Is he like a grip or what?

What's he do for that?

He's an analyst.

An analyst.

What does that mean?

It means he watches football and he analyzes.

We were talking to a statistician here on the show with Tim Heidecker, if you, it was a riveting conversation where he was like looking, Tim had memorized a lot of statistics and this analyst was looking them up at lightning speed or actually a little slower.

He had a slow computer that day, but it was a riveting conversation.

Is your podcast like that episode?

Because people love that.

I haven't heard that episode, but yeah, you gotta listen.

He's not one of the Titans.

It's just like that.

Well, yeah, there's only three of us.

Yeah.

Oh, I remember the Titans.

Yeah.

So that comes out this week.

Anything else you want to plug?

This is your time.

Um, Netflix.

My other special came out a couple months ago, fire in the maternity ward.

It's still there.

Still there and we'll never leave.

Who knows?

Actually, you don't know with Netflix anymore.

That's right.

Cause didn't they take down?

Yeah, they pulled a Chelsea handler show.

So much Chelsea handlers, some of the episodes and my favorite ones.

Really?

Yeah.

Wow.

But hopefully that'll be up there until Netflix goes out of business.

Everything goes out of business, right?

I think everything's getting bought by Disney.

Yeah.

That'd be cool.

If Netflix were Disney, then, uh, all those, uh, Marvel Netflix shows could be suddenly, uh, with the rest of the people.

I could finally retire if Disney takes over.

All right.

Any dates, standup dates that you want to put?

No, I've got to, I got to build the new hours.

So I'll just be, I'll be in town if you come to Los Angeles, you can see me somewhere.

All right.

Very good.

Um, Maximilian McSillystein, Dan, what do you want to plug?

Well, obviously my books, uh, uh, the nursery statements, Maximilian's McSillystein's book of new nursery rhymes.

And of course, uh, nursery statements, the new additional come out with Scott's correction, right?

With the asterisk, uh, all good dogs eat breakfast, especially if you had chicken.

And then it was more like all dogs eat their breakfast asterisk.

And then asterisk down at the bottom.

Scott had a dog who didn't like to eat its breakfast, but then he started adding chicken to it.

Uh, and then it, uh, she liked eating her breakfast.

Fantastic.

Okay.

I think it's going to sell well.

Oh, Scott Aukerman, maybe give me a little credit, maybe of comedy, bang, bang.

It'd be nice to sort of like direct people over here.

It's turning into more of a run on than a statement.

Uh, yeah, you're right.

Okay.

Uh, and then, uh, you can always, uh, if, if you have time after listening to this podcast and to Anthony's, you can listen to a favorite of mine, the teacher's lounge, which is, uh, on stitcher premium and will be coming out weekly for free on Earwolf, uh, this fall, probably in September.

Yeah.

But a lot of the seasons already are up there for free, right?

Yes.

Season six through eight are on iTunes.

Uh, what about one through five?

They got taken off.

Oh, damn it.

They were not allowed to do both at the same time.

It would have driven the world mad, but only if you have time after listening to this.

And then Anthony's don't overwhelm yourself.

Yeah.

Got it.

All right.

Art kettle one.

What do you.

Yes.

Well, I have a new motivation book out.

You can buy what's this one called?

Uh, aren't you enough?

You're enough.

I think you're enough.

You think you're enough.

So you should just think you're enough tough stuff.

What's that one rated?

Uh, that one is rated triple X plus, uh, completely banned in the United States.

Plus it's banned in these United States.

But if you go on my website and you send me four separate installments of two 99 99, I will send you a handful of mints.

Where's the decimal point in that two 99 99.

It's after the fourth digit.

Oh really?

So it's $2,000 and 999.

Yes, that's right.

But you'll, you know, you'll get a loose pack of Tic Tacs.

Loose, meaning the pack is loose in the box or.

I've taken the Tic Tacs out of the pack and put them in some tissue paper.

Okay.

But go ahead and order it.

Another thing I could plug.

And I know it might be strange for this Sicilian Georgian man to talk about some random Indian dude, but go ahead.

This is guy called true for day seeing you can catch him at the UCB theater or on this free form show called good trouble.

There's surprisingly dramatic and quite horny.

Oh, good trouble.

Yeah.

You have any, you worried about people mistaking good talk for good trouble.

It's my second biggest fear.

Yeah.

The New York times making fun of your name, uh, being number one.

Oh, we, uh, we, it was very much intended to compete with Mr.

Jazz on Nick show.

It was really a little confusion in the marketplace.

Yeah.

It started, I mean, it started last year, but even from the first season, everyone was like, we know this fellas coming on our heels.

Yeah.

So, yeah.

All right.

Well, uh, you know, hopefully there'll be a little crossover.

You guys should do a crossover episode.

Not when I say you guys, I mean the whoever's behind the good trouble job.

Right.

But that would be fun.

Like you, you go on good trouble, Anthony, and, uh, then good trouble comes onto your show.

Like the CW.

Yeah.

A lot like the CW.

Yeah.

If you can get ahold of Ted dance and you could throw in the good place.

That's true.

I talked to Ted dance and every day you do.

You came on this show, bro.

I will.

You're my way in.

I will.

Oh, I had a big career.

That Ted dance.

He does so many.

Big as a mansion.

We can, yeah, we can think of about three shows he was on.

Uh, let's see.

I want to plug, look, I gotta admit, this is the month, September, the between two friends, the movie it's coming out in about 18 days, uh, comes out this month, September 20.

I wrote and directed it.

Uh, I believe the trailer comes out tomorrow, so I still can't say who's in the movie, but, uh, it is, uh, Zach and will Farrell and Lauren Lapkus, uh, and Ryan Gall and Giovanni Linnao.

And, uh, some great people are in that.

So, uh, coming out on Netflix, September 20 worldwide, please see that.

And then we also have some tour dates coming up this week.

This is exciting.

This week we have, uh, on Thursday, the fifth, we have, uh, Kansas city, Missouri.

This is the comedy bang bang tour with Paul F.

Tompkins and Lauren Lapkus.

Our special guest on that show is Ego Woden.

And then on Friday and Saturday, the sixth and the seventh were in St.

Paul, Minneapolis.

Uh, those shows are with Ego Woden and Carl Tartt.

That's very exciting.

And then, um, Sunday on the eighth, we're in Chicago and that is with Carl Tartt and, uh, other, uh, other guests or two, um, along with Paul F of course, and Lauren Lapkus.

Um, then, uh, a few weeks later on the 20th, September 20th, we're showing the between two friends movie and, um, Lauren and I are going to do a talk back after that.

Uh, and then that night we're doing a comedy bang bang there in Toronto.

Those both of those shows are in Toronto.

Um, and, uh, as part of Toronto, just for laughs also on the 19th, we're doing a live three-dom at Toronto just for laughs.

Um, and then in November, we're doing, uh, New York comedy festival on November eighth, Philadelphia on November 11th and then Washington DC on November 12th.

Those are the dates.

All right guys, let's close up the whole plug bag.

Oh, yeah.

Oh, that is a good song.

Uh, guys, I want to thank you so much.

So month, uh, Anthony, I was segueing into saying Anthony, I got that sound going and I just want to get it in early on often.

Now that you've explained it.

No harm, no foul, no harm, no foul.

That's a baseball term.

Isn't it?

Don't do they do that in baseball where the umpire is like, no harm, no foul.

See, ever say that?

No.

All right.

Um, thank you so much for coming back.

Always great to see one of the Titans.

Always great to be here anytime.

And uh, yeah, please, uh, season two, uh, whenever you make those next six, is that a good income making six episodes of television a year?

When you don't have to do a pilot, it's amazing.

And second season will be 10.

Will be 10.

Really?

You told him.

I've told him.

Okay.

All right.

Very good.

Maximilian Dan.

So good to see you.

Uh, good luck with all of your various Crow related misunderstandings and hijinks.

Thank you.

Luck is what I need, but the pleasure was all mine.

Okay.

Very good.

All mine.

All yours.

I took some pleasure in this.

I enjoyed talking to you.

It's all mine.

Thank you.

And Anthony, I mean, you enjoyed, uh, I mean, you were zoning out during some of it.

It's early, but anytime I get to talk about the Crow, you know, when I heard, when I heard maximally was going to be a guest, I, you know, I've, I've watched the movies last.

I got to say your podcast should be about the Crow and not about baseball or sports or whatever it's about.

I mean, you know so much about it.

You know what, Scott, you're right.

Take that into season two coming out this week.

And Art Kettle won.

So good to see you.

Thank you so much for having me Scott.

It was an absolute pleasure.

I just enjoy your whole energy and vibe and everything you do.

Thank you so much.

Is there anything I could do that would displease you that wouldn't be okay with you?

I would not enjoy if you had Drew Tarver on again.

Well, he sounds like a little bit, makes me seem like I'm a poor impression of him a little bit, which I realized late into this.

Yeah, we need to separate you guys.

You're right.

All right.

We'll see you next time.

Thanks.

Bye.

Yeah.
