---
layout: page
title: 618. Kevin Nealon, Joe Wengert, Lily Sullivan [https：⧸⧸cloudfront.wolfpub.io⧸CBB-618-20190808-Nealon-RCv01-PW.mp3].mp3.wav
category: cbb 
---

♪ Itsy bitsy teeny weeny yellow polka dot spider climbed up the water spout and boy are its arms tired. Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang. Ooh, and I'm tired after saying that cast phrase submission, but thank you so much to Reese Makes Words or Reese Make Swords. One of the two. It's all together. I'm not quite sure. Reese, what are you making?

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang for another episode. And boy, what an incredible episode. A little bit later, we have a small business owner.

Wow, we get so few of those on this show. But we'll talk all about a small business that this person owns. We also have a yogi. I don't believe we have ever had a yogi on this show. So that is very exciting. I know nothing about the profession, so we'll be talking to them a little bit later.

But first up, by the way, my name is Scott Aukerman.

Welcome to the show. September, incredible month for comedy, especially because we have our guest of honor, as I like to say.

He's in pole position. He is the first person I will be speaking to on this program. And I have to say, I've been doing this show now over 10 years. He was my guest on the second episode, episode number two. He was one of the very first people to ever come and do this show. And he's one of our favorites of all time. He is one of the many cast members of Saturday Night Live. How many cast members have there been, by the way, of Saturday Night Live? 91.

91 at this point. He's keeping ice on a tooth right now. So that's why you hear the sort of ASMR lip smacking sounds right now. That is not part of his comedy. If you were to ever see him do live standup comedy or see one of his specials or see his YouTube show, he will not be doing that.

Is that correct? Or do you do...

No. Doing what?

No. Chewing on ice and...

No, no, that's not part of the app.

That's not part.

Hopefully not.

You're not segueing into being the ice comedian, are you?

Ice cube. No, I have a tooth that's... It was a donor tooth and it didn't take.

Oh, really? So who did you get it from?

You see, people can donate their organs.

Yeah.

You know? And they don't know it. They can donate their teeth too.

Right.

So I...

Well, you're a celebrity. Celebrities, as far as I know, only get teeth from other celebrities, right?

I get it from an old dead movie star.

An old dead one, really?

Yeah.

So did you have to go grave robbing for this or...

No, I hired somebody to do that.

Oh, you did. Okay. That's always best.

The people in the parking lot at Home Depot will do anything. Do you know what I'm saying?

Yeah, I do. For the right price.

Yeah.

And that right price is usually $50.

Yeah.

So they robbed... Which old dead movie star are we talking about?

It was... It was... Dennis the Menace.

Dennis the Menace from the movies.

So, yeah. So...

Wait. Is this the recent movie from the 90s? Did that little boy die?

No, no. It's the TV series.

Oh, the TV series. But you said an old dead movie star.

Well, he's old now. He's been dead in the grave for...

Sure. Well, he's as old as he's gonna be today.

Actually, he's still alive, I think, that guy. Jay North.

Really? Jay North is still alive?

I think so. But it would be great if you can get donor teeth. I would get baby teeth.

Yeah. Because then...

I look younger.

Yeah. And then they fall out and then you get adult teeth.

And the only one comes in.

Yeah.

He has a wonderful show. It's a YouTube show. And the...

Which season is this that is...

You talking about Jay North or me?

Yes. Jay North has a one where he basically gets screamed at by Mr. Wilson.

Yes. I have a show. It's called Hiking with Kevin.

Hiking with Kevin. And which season are we...

We're in the third season now.

Third season has premiered just a few days ago.

Our first episode was on... It's on my YouTube channel, youtube.com forward slash kevinneelandcomedy or Scott hashtag hiking with kevin.

Hashtag... So you just enter any hashtag into anything and it'll just come up.

Do you know what a hashtag is?

I do. Kevinneeland is here.

Tic-tac-toe. Without anybody playing.

Pound sign. I love... Nowadays, someone the other day had to say the gate code to the place over here and someone didn't understand pound what the gate code is. I'm not gonna reveal it here, because I don't want to... You weirdos coming in here off hours. But they didn't understand, so they had to say hashtag this and then they went, oh, okay. What do you think about that?

The dumbing down of America. Do you notice how...

Well, it definitely is dumbing down, that's for sure.

Do you notice how ATMs now, they used to say withdrawal and now they say get cash?

Really?

Because no one knows what withdrawal means. I know that you are not withdrawing any money, just stuff coming right in.

Well, that's true because look at the population explosion.

That's true. Look at it.

You don't know about withdrawal.

I like to look at it on certain websites.

Yeah.

I love to see it being created.

When I walk away from the ATM, are you like this, Scott Aukerman?

Hmm.

When you walk away from the ATM, just having made an exchange or whatever.

Sure. I usually exchange things.

Yeah.

I usually give them some money, they give me some money.

You don't go there just to look at the screen?

No. Hey, what's going on?

When I walk away, I'm always looking back at it like, hey, did I forget something? Is there more money coming out?

My card's still there.

Yeah.

Did I leave my card in there? Are people going to be able to access my account?

Yes.

I got to start following you around.

Yeah.

If you're that careless about the ATM.

And then they put this little guard on the keypad so that you could barely see it.

Right.

You got to just stick your finger there and hit numbers and hope you get the right one.

You know?

God forbid you should see what your own number is.

Yeah.

Right. Yeah.

Now, is this a chunk that you do on stage?

I don't do chunks.

You don't do chunks? Really?

No. No, that's too much.

Too much.

No, you do. What do you do?

Bits.

Just little bite-sized bits?

Chunks get sloppy. You know what I mean? It's too much for people. Bits are much more, you know.

They're digestible.

They're concise and digestible.

Yeah, exactly. So when you go up on stage at, say, the Laugh Factory. I've seen you at the Laugh Factory, I'm sure.

Let's say Caesars.

Okay. Let's say Caesars Palace. Yeah.

I didn't say palace. I said Caesars.

Caesars. Oh, wait.

Caesar's Pizza.

Oh, okay. Yeah. Little Caesars.

Little Caesars.

Okay. So you're going on stage. Do you do two sets at Little Caesars?

Um, typically I will on a Saturday or a Friday.

Because they sell two pizzas, you see.

Yeah.

Yeah. So when you go up there, are you just doing little, like, how long are your jokes? 20 seconds?

25 seconds?

First of all, thank you for that question.

You're welcome.

Jokes vary in length.

They do.

Yeah. If you do too long of a joke, then it starts becoming a chunk, which I do not do.

Right. Yeah.

So I keep it to bit size or bite size, as they say in the candy world.

Have you ever tried to make your jokes all equally the same length?

Again, thank you. Thank you for that question.

You're quite welcome. I've been working on my questions, and honestly, to hear someone appreciate them like this is gold for me.

Well, I'm going back to the ATM withdrawal versus get cash.

People have a very short attention span.

What?

And I'm a very clever comic. I'm a thinking man's comic.

Or thinking person's comic.

Or thinking human.

There we go.

Yeah. Because I don't want to label someone as a person.

That's right. Yeah. Not these days.

So, yeah. So I will not get too complicated or convoluted, if you don't mind.

And so I keep it pretty basic. And each joke for me is 17 seconds.

17.

That's correct.

Okay. So let's hear one of these 17 second jokes. I'm going to put the timer on.

Let me see if I can work this.

Okay. Here we go. And ready? Yeah. Take another gulp of that ice and go.

17.

16.

I met my wife at a costume party.

13.

One Halloween.

12.

She came as a slinky.

Nine.

And I remember the first time I saw her, she was coming down the stairs.

Three.

She was good. She's taking two at a time.

One. Yeah.

Wow. They were 17 exactly.

Now, I would like you to repeat that joke to me.

Okay. I met my wife at a costume party. It was Halloween.

She was dressed as a slinky and I met her coming down the stairs.

Four, three.

It was good. She took two at a time.

One. One. Just in honor of it.

That's good. You are a multitasker.

Thank you. Yeah. I can count backwards and hear what someone's saying at the same time.

That's amazing. Are you really a multitasker?

I do. I have been doing my taxes well. I've been hosting this show. And I...

So you're a multitaxer.

Yeah, I am. Yes. I've been taxing several people.

I am not good at that.

You're not?

No. Lately, I've been leaving the stove on.

Really?

And it infuriates my wife.

Yeah.

She thinks that I'm losing it. She goes, I'm really worried about you because you're leaving the burner on after you make eggs. You know, because I got a lot of things going on.

Sure.

And I said it won't happen again. And it did happen again.

And she said the spatula, the plastic spatula was about a foot and a half away from the burner. That could have caught on fire. I said, yeah, if there was a wind coming through, you know? And then it happened again. And she was really angry. I mean, she went on about it for a while, you know? She got her point across and then kept pounding it in. All I could tell her was, look, let's make a deal. If I do it again, I'll never use the stove again. She said, okay.

This was about a week ago.

This morning I came down. I could tell she just made breakfast. We're both jet lagged because we've been traveling. And she was sitting on the couch in the other room. And I said to her, well, looks like somebody left the stove on out here. She didn't, but she was really embarrassed.

And I really laid into her. I really read her the riot act.

Right.

And so now we're kind of even.

Right. Even though she didn't leave the stove on, she didn't check.

No.

She jet lagged.

She doesn't know. Yeah. You put one over on her.

Wow. She can get away with when someone's jet lagged.

Wow.

Because it's not just being tired. You're full of peanuts from the plane.

Sure. Those expand in your stomach.

Especially if you eat them with the shells.

Yeah, definitely.

Yeah. They grow actually in your stomach.

They do. It's like a little peanut farm down there.

That is.

Yeah.

So anyway, that's.

And 17. Wow. Incredible.

Take a break. We'll be right back.

We will be right back. Kevin, you were.

Go ahead. Go ahead.

Get another mouthful of ice if you could.

No, go ahead.

The coldest mouth in comedy. I've always said that about you. If people were to rush the stage and kiss you, they would just have frozen lips. Yeah. Would you like that?

They would be blue. Blue lips.

Blue lips.

I would rather just put on blue lipstick.

Yeah.

I'd have to go through the whole ice thing. When you hug somebody now, do you tell them you're coming in for a hug and then as you're hugging them, you say, oh, now I'm going to apply pressure. Is that okay? And now I'm bringing you closer if you don't mind.

Do you like Swedish or do you like deep tissue is what I usually ask.

Yeah.

I do not. I don't go in for the hugs. I let them, I let them come to me. I am a true like approach me if you like, and I will hug you. I always appreciate receiving a hug. I do not like to give them. You don't.

Well, I, you know, after speaking to, I find it very weird that, because I noticed this once I came in with like, uh, uh, to, to meet, uh, a bunch of, uh, men and a bunch of women in a business environment and all the men, we all shook hands and we all just grasped each other's hands and we like pump them up and down and all the women felt like they had to come in and wrap their arms around me. I'd never met them before. And then I've spoken to so many women. I was like, do you feel this pressure to give hugs? And 10% of the women were like, I love it. I'm a hugger. And the other 90 were like, yeah, I don't know why we have to do it. And men don't. So I, I am a pure, like, if you want to hug me, please go ahead. But I, I don't want to force the issue.

It's really something when they come in, they say, uh, what someone will say, I'm a hugger. Another one comes and say, I'm an ass grabber. As long as they let you know what's going on.

Whatever they are. I just want it announced. Yeah. I don't want to, I don't want to be asked permission. I just want to know what they they're into.

Yeah. The hugging thing is interesting when you start to analyze it like that, I guess.

Um, I think, okay, fine. When you start to analyze it like that, I guess.

Yeah. I mean, that's what you were doing. You're analyzing why somebody hugs. It's just a normal emotion.

It's very patronizing of you to say, if, if, if you want to analyze it like that, I guess. Okay, fine. Kevin.

And that's what you're doing. You're analyzing it. You're tearing it apart. You can't tear apart love like that.

You can't. You ever see that movie, Analyze This?

Yeah.

Yeah. And are you opposed to the name of that film?

I don't like it because I, I like it to be a little more explicit. I was very confused when I saw it. I was like, analyze what? And it turned out it was analyze my cock and balls is what they should have called it.

Yeah. It was basically, they're saying F this.

Right. Which I would appreciate that. F what though?

Yeah. You don't know. You have to go see the movie. That's how they get you in.

Yeah, exactly.

That's how they sucker you in.

That, and I went to it and they never answered the question, what they were analyzing until the very last, uh, second of the film. And they find, and that was when Billy Crystal turns that, I know what you're thinking. It's my cock and balls.

Is that right?

Yeah. Yeah. Did you not stay to the end? It was like a little scene where it was like the end of a Marvel movie. It was right after the credits.

You know, I don't remember movies.

You don't know what's the last movie you saw.

I think it was, um, Avengers.

Okay.

End game.

Okay. Now what happened if I, by the way, spoilers up, if you haven't seen Avengers end game yet, just it's already out on a video and DVD. So, uh, there's no excuses why you haven't seen it, but what do you remember from Andrew's Avengers end game?

Uh, I remember the end.

What was the end?

When everybody was dying, they were disintegrating.

It's a dust.

Well, that, that was the end of the previous film.

Oh, you see what I'm saying? You see what I'm saying? I don't remember the names of movies either. I don't remember the characters that I, that I was in different movies and TV shows. What were the movies you've been in?

Where do you want to start?

Okay. Now I know one of the, you were a Pinterest end game.

That's right. You're, uh, you're not Ant Man. You're Uncle Woman, right?

Yes. I am Grasshopper Man.

Right. Um, you were, you were in Weeds, the TV show. Okay. That's TV show. Yeah.

But, but film wise, you've been in Grown Ups, I want to say.

Well, let's go back to the first one. Roxanne. I played drunk number two.

That's right. I saw that movie probably six times in the theater and I was a huge SNL fan. And I was so excited you were in that film. Really?

Yeah. You sound, you sound like you're in disbelief here.

Yeah. Because it was just a very small role.

Yeah. But I, but I was a fan of you on SNL and I was like, how cool that Steve Martin had the foresight to put this great funny comedian in a small role, certainly, but in a, in a role in what a great, in a great film like this.

You're right. You're right. Yeah.

I was drunk number two. I did not want that role. I was fighting for the role of drunk number one.

You were? Yeah.

But who got drunk number one?

Um, that was, um, um, Richard, Rich Scheidner.

Rich. Oh, right.

There's a lot of comics on that film. Steve Middleman.

Mm-hmm.

Damon Wayans.

Mm-hmm.

Junior?

No. Senior.

That's right. Junior would have been probably a baby.

Probably not even born.

But the foresight of Steve Martin to put him into that film.

Not only the foresight, but the foreskin.

Exactly.

Yeah. Um, but yeah, he's, he's like that. He's very, uh, intuitive and, um, foreshadowing.

But, um, so let's go. So, okay. So we covered, uh, let's recap then.

Okay. Roxanne. So let's recap at this point. We have Roxanne, drunk number two.

So you do remember that role.

I do.

Because that one, I bet was very important to you because it was your first movie.

It was my first movie. Yeah. Really.

Um, I've done a lot of Adam Sandler films, probably 13.

13? Wow. Okay.

Everything from Happy Gilmore to, um, The Wedding Singer.

Mm-hmm. Um, everything in between.

Everything in between. I've done, um, um, Daddy Daycare with Eddie Murphy.

That's right.

Yeah.

And what was the premise of that film?

I don't remember.

You don't remember?

Okay. It's Daycare.

Do you only, when you do a movie, do you even, yeah, you don't even read the rest of the script. Do you care about your motivation at all?

Or do you just, yeah, I just memorize the lines.

I remember I read something about Christopher Walken. He wouldn't read anyone else's lines.

And in fact, in his lines, he would go around with a marker and take out all punctuation because he didn't want to be told how to say a line. So if he wanted to say the words, he would say the words in order, but if he wanted to say them all strung together without periods or commas, he wanted the ability to do that.

Somebody told me that, um, Al Pacino.

Who are right.

I'm blind.

I was, can't you see I'm blind.

Can't you see, Oh, you're not blind. Are you?

I see you over there. I'm blind.

So, um, if you want him to come in and do a table read for your film, if you want him to come in and read it, he will have you write a little monologue.

Um, and then he will want to use that monologue in the movie. So he has a nice long speech.

He likes to speechify.

Yeah, exactly. So speaking of Al Pacino, of course, I was in Scarface.

Of course. Yeah. You played, uh, one of the Cubans.

I played, um, drunk number three.

Drunk number. Oh, wow.

Coke had number one. It was a dual, two parts.

Right. So, and I remember watching Scarface going, why is Kevin Kneeland running back and forth between two different marks in each scene?

Exactly.

But you were playing two different characters. That makes way more sense now.

That's correct. And I'm in a new movie, an independent movie that's coming out.

Really?

And I can't remember the name of it.

You don't say, do you remember any of the other actors or the director?

Yes, I do. Rachel Harris.

Rachel Harris. Love her.

Rob Hubel.

Great guy. On our first episode.

International falls. That's what it's called.

International falls.

It's making the rounds now at the film festivals.

It is.

Yeah.

And how do we, how do we, uh, people who are not invited to these film festivals, how do we see this film?

You try to get invited.

Yeah. So we have to make a movie or what? How do you get invited to a film festival?

Try to become friends with the people that made it.

Okay.

I don't, I don't really know. I've never been to a film festival.

You haven't really, you know, you've never been to Sundance.

You've never been to Sundance.

Really? I would think that one of your films would have gone to Sundance.

That's more for the independent films, isn't it?

Yeah.

I am not independent.

You're not.

Very needy.

You're a sellout.

Yeah. I need people around me. Um, but, um, I, you know what?

I want to do a film and then go to a film festival.

Yeah.

With it.

Yeah. You should. We should make something right now. It's September.

We should, Sundance is in January. Let's make a movie next week.

Just a short film, like 10 minutes.

Yeah. 10 minutes. I'll write you a big speech, just like Al Pacino.

And then I want to go to Sundance and I'll wear one of those hooded, uh, you know, winter jackets.

Yeah.

The snorkel jacket and smoke a cigarette and then just kind of throw it on the sidewalk and.

Right.

You know.

Yeah.

Just talk about the film.

Just talk about it. You know, uh, I'll, I'll tell you how this film started.

I was doing a podcast and, and, uh, you know, we knew we had never been to Sundance before.

So we said, let's make a movie next week. What do you say?

And we did it.

And I wrote a speech and Kevin was on board immediately. So yeah, that's how it all came to be.

When you're watching the Oscars or any kind of an award show, do you think, how would I give my acceptance speech? What would I do?

What would I, yeah, well, I, I think about it because, uh, obviously it would have to.

Most speeches when you do award shows are thanking the people involved in the film.

So I'll usually write up a fake list of people that were involved in the fake film that I'm accepting the award for. That's usually how I spend my time. So Nancy at ICM.

Yeah.

You know, I'll thank her.

Yeah. Yeah. I thought it would be funny if when they're playing the music and the mic is going down. Yeah. Cause obviously I'm going to go along. Sure.

Have some kind of a save for that. And I think I would probably start singing to the music. Yeah.

And then it's beautiful music and people are like, Oh, this, we can't cut them off now. This is beautiful. You'll see that mic start coming back up again. Oh, I'm sorry. We didn't know you had talent.

Have you never accepted any award? I find that hard to believe. No, I've never accepted. Really? It seems to me. I've never gotten an award. I have no awards at home. Really? I would give you an award just for being one of America's great comedians. They comedians need more awards. Well, I'll tell you as a child, they give out too many awards. You know, when your son's on the little league team, everybody gets a trophy.

Sure. Participation. Yeah. What if, what if we did that in comedy participation trophies?

I'm all for it. You know, I've been fighting for that for years. I know you. Well, you have the organization that we've talked about on the second episode.

People can go back and listen to that.

Yeah. How's that been going? It's been 10 years since that episode. How's the organization going?

Well, the organization is going great and I'm still getting congratulations from my performance on that episode. You are episode two comedy bang bang. People see you on the street and go episode two, baby. Yeah, they do. Yeah. But it's really zero, zero two. Right. Of course. Cause you got to make room for other ones coming up. Sure. So, um, um, no, in all seriousness. Yeah. Let's drop all bits or by size chunks. Do you get this a lot? Are you ever serious? I don't know when you're kidding. That kind of stuff. I find when the mics turn off, I am just deadly serious and I'm stern faced. You are. Aren't you? Oh yeah. Yeah. I'm a taskmaster.

When you came in today, I'm a disciplinarian. When you came in today, I saw a side of you I've never seen before. Oh yeah.

Very serious. Very concerned. I took off my belt when I saw you. Very, very horny.

That was a different thing. I had two belts, one for discipline and one for horniness.

What happened an hour before you came in here today?

I'll tell you what an hour, literally one hour before I came in, I was, uh, exercising and then, uh, you know, went through the daily rigmarole of, uh, the shower, the brushing the teeth, the washing the face. You know how we do it when we're met. That was very stressful for you.

It was not particularly stressful, you know, uh, what's going on in your phone?

I'll be a stand up live in Phoenix, October 4th and 5th.

I love how you lull me into a false sense of security. Like you're interested in my life and then you're just plugging your dates. I wasn't listening to you. You do not care.

You said you exercise? I did. Oh, do you do that every day?

No, I do not. I, I am trying to get back to, I was working on a project for a couple of years and, uh, let everything go to pot. When you say project, you mean rehab? I was, yes, I was in rehab and let everything just slip away.

But now I'm trying to do it every other day or, or five days a week. What about you? You play basketball. Not anymore. You don't really anymore? Is it the knees? The shoulders.

Shoulders. Shoulders. Yeah. Were people getting on your shoulders in order to make baskets?

Well, you know, there's some, um, theory that says that if you have shoulder problems, it's comes from trying to carry the weight of the world on your back. You know, it's, you should meditate more and think about, but for mine, it's genetic. Oh really? So you're, for years, my family has been carrying the weight of the world on their shoulders. Really? So I have that. It's like a bone on bone thing. Yeah. But it's my bone on somebody else's bone. So it's crazy. Is that 17 seconds? I believe that was 17. Exactly.

And that was, I mean, that was probably a 15 minute a second set up and then a two second punchline.

I liked it. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Well, I, uh, milked it a little bit in the beginning. Yeah. So you, you no longer play about you. I mean, you did that every week as far as I know. I did. I used to play Gary Shanling's house. Yeah.

Did you know Gary? I met him a couple of times, but I wouldn't say I knew him.

Yeah. So I don't do that anymore. Um, but I... You were in the documentary about him, weren't you?

Yeah. Yeah. That's another one of your great film projects.

That was a great film project.

Zen Diaries of Gary Shanling. Yeah. Still available on HBO Go, I would imagine, or on video. Definitely. Yeah. It's available somewhere.

Netflix or HBO. Yeah. Yeah.

Yeah. HBO. So, um, so basically what I do now is I hike.

Okay. You know, I walk a lot. Right. Um, do you, do you do always have to be at an incline? Well, I looked up hiking and I think it said something about an incline. It has to have an incline involved if it's hiking. I'm going to look it up right now. Otherwise it's walking. I'm looking it up right now after I check my Instagrams. Sure. Yeah. What do you got going on there? You're checking, are you just checking your own Instagrams or other people's? Hiking is to walk or march a great distance, especially through rural areas for pleasure, exercise, military training, or the like. So yes, I usually March on my hikes. Great distance. Do you have a band that travels along with you or here's the other definition to move up or rise as out of place or position often followed by up. Okay.

My shirt hikes up. Okay. Oh, I understand. I don't wear a belt and that's why your shirt is hiked up today. Oh, because I have the two belts. Oh, you wear two.

Yeah. The disciplinary belt and the horny belt. Oh yeah. So now you hike a lot and you've turned it into a YouTube show. How, at what point were you hiking saying, I got to film this.

Thank you for asking me that. It happened spontaneously. It did. I had no idea. And that's usually the best way something happens. You know, it's an accidental discovery. Sure. Did you just woke up that morning? He had no idea. This would be such a huge hit. Yeah. Were you just hiking by a camera store and like, thank you for that question. I was hiking in my neighborhood. There's a canyon that I love and I called up a friend of mine. Do you want me to name drop? I do. Bill Kaczynski.

Bill Kaczynski? Wow. No, I hiked, I called Matthew Modine. Okay. Saw our full metal jacket.

Love him from Married to the Mob and then everything for just Stranger Things season one. Stranger Things. Wonderful, wonderful actor. And I believe he sits upon the board of our acting union. Does he not? He's running for president of SAG. He's running for, oh, he does not have the position, but at this point in time, maybe he has achieved it. Maybe he is not. Who knows? So we're hiking, we're walking, talking, and we're near the top of the trail and we're both so out of breath and our sentences are, you know, broken up and fragmented because we're trying to catch our breath. And I thought this would be a funny little clip if I was interviewing you and you could barely understand each one is like, so when you first came, you had, you know, you had an agent and I had, and they did full metal jacket. And so I videotaped that and that was funny. And then the backside of the mountain, I asked him questions in a serious manner. I said, Matthew, do you regret turning down any rolls in your career? And he rolled his eyes. He goes, oh man, after full metal jacket, I turned down Big, the Tom Hanks roll. I turned down Top Gun, the Tom Cruise roll. I turned down the Michael J. Fox roll in Back to the Future and Charlie Sheen roll in Wall Street. And I said, you idiot. And we both laughed and I recorded and I put it on my Instagram and my Twitter and I thought that's fun. I'll do a hike. I should hike with a different friend every week and start posting it. And I had it on Twitter for a long time on Instagram, just short, short ones. And then Howard Stern became a fan of it. He goes, you should make it longer, you know, and put it on somewhere else. I developed a YouTube channel. I developed YouTube, first of all. You invented YouTube. Yes. That's incredible.

I had no idea. I mean, I looked at your resume. Originally I called it MeTube. Oh, I see. But then I wanted to make it for other people too. It's not called YouTube. Sure. Of course. But anyway, so that's where it's been. And the third season has just started. And do you always, do you wait to start filming until the incline gets treacherous? No, no, no, no. There's no more inclines. No more, really? There's no more out of breathness? I realized Scott that on video, you can't really tell it's an incline or not. So it's mostly flat, but I will tell my guests start breathing heavy and I'll tell them we're going uphill. Okay. Oh, I see. So it's all fake. It's all studio trickery.

Well, there's no studio. Oh, okay. Really? So it's just trickery.

Yeah. But anyway, you know, I've had, I've done over like 70, almost 80 hikes now.

Really? In two seasons or three seasons now you've done 80 episodes?

Well, two and a half seasons.

Wow. That's incredible.

Yeah.

Wow. So you're putting these out at a rapid clip.

Yes. And that equals about two miles.

So you, wait a minute. So you, when you're doing these hikes, it's only, what are you walking?

Like 30 feet?

The interviews are short. I like one question. Yeah.

So when you look back at your Fitbit, you've walked two miles.

I've walked two miles. Yeah. In three seasons.

Wow. Congratulations.

It's pretty amazing.

So people can find this now at youtube.com slash Kevin Nealon comedy.

Forward slash.

Forward slash. You know, I don't even know anyone who uses the backslash when they're doing, when they're doing web addresses anymore. I don't even think you have to say forward slash anymore.

Do you?

I really can't comment on that.

Okay. Do you want to check with anyone? Can you email your lawyer or no?

No, I don't have no desire to even further that conversation.

Oh, really? It's a desire thing on your part.

Yeah. It's just a lack of interest for me. It really does me no good.

Point taken. Point taken.

But you know, also they could pound, uh, hiking with Kevin.

Hashtag it. Pound sign hiking with Kevin. And, uh, the first episode of season three is up right now. Just came out a few days ago. Can you reveal the guest, uh, that is on your first season or first episode of the third season?

Well, I know you just took a huge chunk of ice and you were probably expecting that this question would be elongated maybe a little bit more. So I'm giving you a little bit of breathing room here by saying this, but at this point, Kevin, I want you to just swallow that ice and say it loud and proud.

Who is this first guest?

Well, I can't reveal it because it's already been revealed.

It was a few days ago, September 5th. It was Alec, not Alex, but Alec Baldwin.

Really? Do you talk about the Alex Alec thing?

No.

Cool.

Again, I had no desire to do that.

Okay.

Yeah. That was not interesting at all.

Did you talk about the, the, uh, SNL after party that, uh, I was at, uh, when Britney Spears hosted and suddenly he, I was talking to my manager who I saw and I didn't expect him there. And suddenly he came up to both of us and he patted me on the back and he said, Hey guys.

And he patted me on the back for roughly 10 seconds. And then he said, can I get through?

Was that Alec Baldwin?

Yeah. Did he, did he, did you guys talk about that at all?

Mostly for the whole hike? Yeah.

Really?

Yeah. For the first, um, 10th of a mile.

So that is very true. Yes.

What was Britney Spears like?

I did not speak to her. Uh, and in fact, I believe Alec Baldwin was trying to get to her.

He was trying to move past us to get to her, uh, more, more moving through us to get to the inner circle. Yeah. Yeah. The inner circle is where you want to be.

That's definitely where you want to be.

Yeah.

Did you enjoy those after parties at SNL?

Not at all.

Really? Are you more of a daytime person?

I like, um, I like to get sleep so I can enjoy the next day.

Sure.

And, um, when you went to the parties, there weren't even really parties. They would, each, each cast member would get their own limo. So you bring your guests with you. It was good for the guests. They liked it. But you'd go to some restaurant, it was a different restaurant every week, and you go in there and there'd be all the fans outside and you go inside and you find a table and then the guests would sit at your table and they just gawk at the people, you know, going by. And then you got the check and you paid for your friends. And then you got home at like at four in the morning and you're exhausted all day Sunday.

Was there ever a conversation about, hey, could I trade this limo for the check? You know, so like, I'm not paying for the check.

Yeah. Just get, you just will like walk over to the restaurant.

The answer to that is no, because I tried it. I also tried, uh, yeah, I, I also tried getting into my office. I said, can you just give me the money for this office guy that worked out at home?

And the studio, I mean, do we gotta be paying for this thing too?

Studio is the most expensive thing. I have got a very, very big, uh, living room.

If we could split the rent on that, I'd appreciate it.

You know, when you mentioned that these after parties are at a different restaurant, that's gotta be expensive too. Why doesn't SNL just buy a restaurant, make it a theme restaurant and make it like a T you know, SNL, TGI SNL, you know what I mean? And then like SNL memorabilia up on the walls and you know, people, tourists or whatever come in there Sunday through Friday, but on Saturday reserved baby for these parties.

You're saying a studio inside of a building.

Yeah.

Well, that kind of takes the glamour out of it. You know, every week it was at a unnamed restaurant. We never, we never even knew where it was going to be because they didn't want people going there, you know? And so, um, I think that's, uh, your idea is not good.

The reviews are in.

How do you take rejection by the way? Are you pretty good with rejection?

I'm pretty good about it. Yeah. Do you want to try something out here? Hey, Kevin, do you want to come over to my house a little later after the show?

Sure. Oh, see, I don't take, I don't take acceptance very well because now I was like, fuck, I have to have Kevin over at my house. I haven't even cleaned up.

You don't like compliments, right?

I don't like compliments at all. Try to give me one.

Why is that? Because typically...

I think I've been bad and I don't deserve them.

Have you been a confessional lately?

I have not. I'm not a Catholic. Are you a Catholic?

I didn't ask you if you're a Catholic. You don't have to be a Catholic.

Really? So anyone can just go to these confessions?

So much comedy now is confessional, isn't it?

Yeah. It's talking about all the bad things you did and all the wrinkles of your life that you're ashamed of. And boy, I'm not into that.

I'm not either. But what is it about... I think people are just trying to find different ways to shock the audience because you can't do it with profanity now because everybody does profanity.

We've said all the words. We've said fuck. We've said...

What else do we... I don't even know the other ones. Snot.

Snot.

Snot. We've done them all. I would like to see you work snot into at least one joke.

I will before I leave.

Okay. Thank you.

But it's not gonna happen now.

Seventeen!

So now people are doing confessional comedy, telling them about all their STDs or how much they masturbate and how many people they killed. And I guess within about a year or so, people are gonna have to start writing jokes again and being clever.

Or doing worse and worse things that they can confess.

I mean, how many nuclear bombs can you set off?

Three at most.

You're gonna run out of an audience.

Yeah.

You'll be killing everybody. There'll be no audience.

Hey, I killed... Thank you for being here.

I killed tonight.

Thank you for being here. I know it's a small group. That's because I killed everybody else.

How about that? Don't tell anybody.

This is good stuff.

Kevin, Hiking with Kevin is out right now. People can watch the first two seasons, certainly, and catch up on all 80 of these episodes. And the third season is out now.

Every episode comes out on Thursday.

On Thursday, really? So a new one is out this Thursday. I'm sure you don't wanna reveal who is the person in this second episode.

I like to give little teases on my Instagram, at kevannealand. And I don't really tell you who it is. I just show you them hiding in the bush or taking a leak.

Do you show like... Really, you're just showing their penis?

Or I'll show their peeing in the bush?

Yeah. Most people...

Do they know they're being filmed?

No, no, no. That wouldn't be fun. I would never get permission.

So yeah, so that's basically what it is. So I don't like to kind of reveal who it's... But we have some really good guests coming up this season.

That's incredible. Well, I'm sure...

It's not incredible. I mean, it's possible.

It's credible, I guess, is what I meant to say. Look, you're a big Hollywood star.

It's very credible that you get these people.

Yeah. I mean, that I'm a big Hollywood star is incredible.

That is incredible. Yeah, that's the incredible part. Well, certainly no guests better than you, Kevin Nealon, you're one of our...

Do you know what word, before you move on, that I'm trying to get work out of my...

Vocabulary? Is it vocabulary?

No.

Okay.

No, it's lexicon.

Lexicon.

Is that... But that's not the word I'm trying to work out.

Well, your arsenal of words.

Yeah. I'm trying to work out and I'm trying to come up with a better adjective. Maybe you could help me with this. I'm trying to get rid of the word awesome.

Yeah, awesome.

That's awesome.

Awesome had its heyday in the 80s and then we started using it ironically in the 90s, and now it's moved past irony into now just people say awesome all the time.

Well, it's the opposite of awful.

Yeah.

Right? Awful.

And people sometimes hear it and they think you're saying awful. That's the real problem.

Well, what I do is, instead of saying awesome, I say, I am full of awe.

I'm awestruck. What about that?

Awestruck. That's a good one.

Let's move into that. I'm awestruck.

That is awestruck. No, you know what my new word is now that I'm using instead of awesome?

What's that?

Astounding.

That's astounding.

Indefatigable is what I try to say.

Indefatigable.

Or indefatigable.

Yes. Recalcitrant. I know that these words don't mean what awesome means, but I'm just trying to use them more.

Sometimes I'll fit words in that I don't know what the meaning is, just to see if the other person calls me on it.

Sure. By the way, I've heard three of those so far in this conversation.

I've been polite.

By the way, I will never let somebody continue the conversation if I don't know what the word means.

I will stop them in their tracks. I'll say, excuse me.

Do you make them look it up or do you look it up?

I make them look it up.

Really? It's kind of a power grab for you.

Yeah. It'll be like, excuse me, stop right there. What does unicorn mean?

I'll wait.

Yeah.

And then what if they don't have a phone? Do you make them find a dictionary?

That's their problem.

I have plenty of time. Where am I going?

All you have are these hikes.

Yeah.

And Adam Sandler movies.

Adam Sandler movies. And I'll be at Stand Up Live in Phoenix.

God damn it. You did it to me again.

Yeah.

All right. Look, we have to take a break, Kevin, if that's all right.

When we come back, we're going to have a small business owner.

Have you ever talked to a small business owner?

Yes, I have actually.

Really?

At city council meetings.

Oh, you go to city council meetings?

Yeah. What are they called? The board of the chamber?

The board of chamber of commerce.

Chamber of commerce. Yes.

There's a lot of small small business owners.

Great.

So you just go vendors.

Vendors are the people on the street with the people on the street.

Yeah.

But these are small business owners that actually have a.

Brick and mortar.

Yeah, exactly.

So that's going to be my first question to our next guest.

When we come back from break is exactly how much brick, how much mortar?

Hold me to that.

Remind me.

Kevin Nealon.

It's going to be awesome.

I am awestruck by that.

When we come back, we'll have more with Kevin Nealon.

You're being indefatigable.

How is it Kevin Nealon?

Kevin Nealon.

We'll be right back with more comedy bang bang after this.

And we're back and we're back.

Yes.

Thank you, Kevin, for taking over the reins there.

All right.

We need this is Kevin Nealon hiking with Kevin.

Something when we came back, but I forgot what it was.

I forgot what the brick and mortar thing.

Oh, right.

Okay.

We'll try to get to that hiking with Kevin over there on youtube.com slash Kevin Nealon comedy.

Third season started a mere few days ago, probably five at most.

September 5th.

Thursday just passed Saturday.

We do need to get to our next guest.

He is the aforementioned small business owner.

And oh yeah, the brick and mortar thing.

Yeah.

Let's try to get to that.

Okay.

Please welcome to the show Joe Cupso.

No, I do not currently.

Do not what?

Have a brick and mortar for my small business.

Oh wait, you were listening to us talk about this?

I had the door is ajar and I was right outside.

You little sneak.

Sorry.

Kevin, this is Joe.

Joe.

Kevin.

Hey, Joe.

Hi.

I'm Scott.

So nice to meet you.

Nice to meet you too.

I'm really curious about your small business.

I mean, you know, I've never really met anybody that owned a small business.

Really?

You're you've only met employees.

I've only no, I've only met people that owned large successful companies.

So what are we talking?

We're talking like Bill Gates, Jerry bus, Jerry bus.

I'm talking about JF Nordstrom's.

JF Nordstrom's.

I'm excited for this.

Maybe you'll keep, I'll keep your streak going after meeting you.

Then mine will go, just go boom and take off.

It's possible.

So you're, how small is your business?

Can we talk about your business?

One man operation right now.

Really?

No employees, nor is it a different man?

It's me.

I'm the man.

Okay.

You're the man.

Uh huh.

Okay.

You're the human being.

I'm the human.

I'm the person.

Right.

Why do you call it an operation?

I feel like it gives it some legitimacy.

Well, it's also some excitement.

Remember that game operation?

You ever play that Kevin?

Yeah.

Where you're like, uh, you got a little tweezers and you're trying to pick out the funny bones and stuff like that.

And then a buzzer goes off.

That's the only thing my insurance covers now.

Really is the game operation?

Yeah.

My health insurance.

Wow.

That is, I mean, that's sort of political.

Yeah, it is.

Interesting.

So, uh, you have a one man operation.

What is, what exactly is your business?

Well, are you familiar with the movies?

A dog's journey, a dog's purpose, the art of racing in the rain, a dog's things.

A dog, a blog.

The art of racing in the rain.

It came out a few weeks ago and that had Kevin Costner doing kind of a dog voice where he's like, I just hope that she comes out looking like me.

It's sort of like a Nixon kind of thing.

Yes, that's right.

That's how I heard it.

I am not a crook.

I'm a dog.

Well, if you haven't seen the other movies, all these movies, what they have in common is it's a family or a person, and then a dog is sharing some narration of their life.

And usually the, if it's a, a couple, like a husband and wife, the dog will get them together somehow.

Right?

Like as far as I can, I've only seen the trailers for these movies, but the trailer for the art of racing in the rain, uh, you have, uh, Amanda Seyfried saying like, I'm not a dog person.

And then, uh, the dude from, uh, this is us says like, Oh, he's not really a dog.

He's more like a person.

And then they laugh and then it cuts to them and they're, she's pregnant.

Okay. But don't put that much pressure on my dogs.

I'm a little confused.

My dogs are here for, uh, to observe.

Wait, you have dogs?

Well, no, I don't, but other people do.

Do you have dogs?

I have a couple of dogs.

Kevin, do you have dogs?

No dogs.

Really?

Why is that?

No, uh, allergic.

You're allergic to dogs.

Not the dogs specifically, but the picking up the poop.

Oh, I see.

So you just, you're lazy.

No allergy.

It's an allergy.

Really?

You started sneezing?

It's not the poop.

It's the plastic bag.

Oh, but you're able to use that plastic spatula that you mentioned probably 25 minutes ago.

Am I catching you in a lie?

No, no, no, no.

Let's let me finish.

Okay.

I'm sorry.

A bag.

I'm allergic more to the bag than the plastic.

The shape of the bag?

The shape and the texture.

The concave shape of the bag.

My hand cannot breathe when it's in the bag and it starts to suffocate.

Sure.

In other words, my fingernails stop growing, the hair on my hand stops growing and it's not worth it to me.

Okay.

I'm still, I'm confused at what Joe, you actually sell.

Yeah.

I'm not sure what the business is.

You say other people, I do have dogs.

Kevin does not have dogs.

This business is for either one of you guys.

Oh, okay.

Wouldn't it be nice to bring home the magic of those movies and hear what your dog's narrating your life about all the time?

It would be nice.

I've often wished that my dogs could talk.

A lot of people do.

Yeah.

Because I used to work as a dog trainer and I feel like I know dogs pretty well.

And then I saw these movies and everybody's coming out of the movie going, now I gotta go back to my stupid life where this doesn't happen.

And I said, light bulb.

This is a big light bulb.

This is a business.

Yeah.

Who are you with?

Are you married or?

Yeah, I was with my wife.

You're with your wife.

And did she know what you were talking about when you said light bulb?

Yeah, she doesn't like it.

She doesn't like you saying light bulb.

Yeah, because she's often saying something and I go, light bulb, because I've got my own light bulb.

Is she talking about her own ideas or what is, or is she just talking about logistics of like, where did we park?

A little of column A.

So just share her own ideas.

That's right.

How much does your one-man operation bring in a year?

So far zero, cause I gotta get, I'm trying to get, I have done a couple of test runs where I'm not charging people.

What do you do exactly?

I'd love to hear about the process.

How do you do this?

First thing I gotta do is I gotta get to know your dog, you know, because figure out what one of the eight types of dogs, your dog.

There's eight types of dogs, you say?

Yeah, there's eight types of dogs.

Okay.

What are the types of dogs?

There's wise.

There's snarky.

Wise snarky.

There's the lovable loser.

Okay, lovable loser.

There's dumb idiot.

Dumb idiot.

There's carnival enthusiast.

There's materialistic and evil and nasty boy.

Those are the eight types of dogs.

Nasty boy.

Now are there female dogs that are nasty boys?

These are all gender neutral descriptions.

Yeah.

Have you thought about taking this idea to Shark Tank?

Oh God, I would be so lucky.

Yes, because that would be great because I need capital.

You need capital.

Okay.

So, but so what, so you, you, how do you determine and ascertain if these dogs are wise, snarky, lovable?

Oh, sorry.

You're I'm sorry about this.

I gotta, I gotta look this up on the, uh, luckily I'm not gonna let you get away with that.

Yeah.

I have, um, hold on one second.

Let me just, let me, I'll take a guess at it while you're looking.

Yeah.

I got it right here.

Find something out for certain.

Make sure of.

Yeah.

So to, to verify.

To verify it.

Yeah.

To figure it out.

Basically.

How do I verify the type of dog?

Yeah.

Spend all day with your dog.

Just one day?

No.

For many days.

Well, cause some dogs say I'm having a good day this day.

I'm having a bad day this day.

I'm having a neutral day.

So I got to get a lot of data.

24 hour access of your dog.

24.

So you're, are you sleeping with the dogs?

I'm sleeping in your house.

Yeah.

Okay.

Cause I gotta have full access to you and your life too.

So I know what the dog's seeing.

And then as I'm getting to know the dog, I'm like, I think I know what he or she has to say about this.

If you come over to my house and do this, are you sleeping while I sleep or are you awake while I sleep?

What exactly happens?

There's a rule of thumb for this, which I've created because I'm the first person to do this and you sleep when the dog sleeps.

Oh, well, the dogs are usually sleeping.

15, 16, 17 hours a day.

Can you sleep that much?

Oh yeah.

Oh yes.

Are you a tired person?

Uh huh.

Okay.

Sure.

How, Kevin, how often do you sleep?

Uh, per day?

Per, let's say per annum.

Um, I sleep every night.

Occasionally I'll grab them.

So 365 times per year?

Uh, what do you, what do you, um, consider sleep?

Is it one period of closing your eyes and then waking up?

Yeah, exactly.

Cause I get up a lot to go to the bathroom.

Okay. So you're sleeping.

So how many times are you getting up to go to the bathroom per night?

Nine.

Nine times.

Per nine.

So you're probably sleeping 27,000 times per year, something like that.

But what I wanted to ask Joe was, you seem to be an expert on dogs.

Uh huh.

What is a good age to teach your dog to swim?

A good age?

You want them to not be afraid of the water.

So I think if you can, if you're there for the birth, as soon as it comes out, grab it, throw it right in the water.

Right in the water. Really?

And at that point they're all, they're used to being in those fluids and maybe they're like, Hey, this is where I belong.

Nothing has changed.

Do you leave the umbilical cord attached to the dog in case it drowns?

You just pull it in, pull it in.

Nice.

And what about housebreaking the dog, the evening paper or the morning newspaper?

Uh, smack them in the nose with, Oh, wow.

Oh, that's a no-no.

Really?

Oh, I, where do you want to smack them?

They're little butts.

It depends on what type of dog you have.

The nasty boy likes to be smacked on the butt.

But a materialist, carnival enthusiast is going to go, gee, I wish my owner would open up this newspaper, figure out where the nearest carnival is.

Okay.

I understand candy in it.

So that's step one.

You're hanging out with the dogs, trying to sleep when they sleep, getting a lot of sleep.

All right.

What's step two?

Step two.

That's it.

That's it?

Yep.

Well, but I don't understand.

Like, so I've just hired you to come over to my house and sleep a lot.

And then nothing?

No, I'm watching everything.

Well, sure.

No, that's part of step one.

What happens next?

You wouldn't know step two of the business.

Of course.

Okay.

Well, your dog, I'm dressed like a dog.

Am I mentioning that?

No, you have not.

I'm dressed like a dog.

What does that mean?

Dressed like, because sometimes I'll dress my dog in like little costumes with sweaters.

Are you talking about that?

You're wearing sweaters?

Whatever the dog thinks is normal.

Or are you wearing a dog outfit?

I'm wearing a dog outfit.

The dog's not going to tell me what it's thinking if it doesn't trust me.

So that's how I build trust.

So they are thinking you're a different dog.

Mm-hmm.

You ever have a dog turn on you?

I've had dogs realize that I'm undercover.

So what do they do?

They like tear your costume open and you're wearing a wire underneath?

Well, I have a pretty good costume where you can't see any parts of me, but I got to go to the bathroom occasionally.

So I've had dogs catch me go to the bathroom.

So you're taking out your human penis in like a flap or something?

No, I have a catheter hooked up that is then attached to the outside.

I see.

So they see this medical equipment and they know, wait a minute, this isn't dog medical equipment.

Yeah, it's got to be really a wise dog will notice this.

Right.

Would you, a lovable loser would not notice?

Would you have a better chance of fooling them if the catheter was hooked up to a fire hydrant?

Oh yeah, that's pretty good.

Right.

And then I can remotely get to it and then they just think I'm doing what every dog dreams of doing.

Sure.

They love it.

This is their favorite thing to do.

This business sounds like a gold mine.

So far, although I have not heard step two, I've just heard different parts of step one.

Well, step two, step two.

We have to get to the part where I'm hearing what the dog is thinking is what I'm trying to say.

Okay.

Well, another sub part of step one, because I do want to get to step two.

Do you have a big trunk?

A normal size for a car.

When I buy a car, I say, just give me the normal trunk.

Excuse me.

I'm sorry.

Do you have a big container for treasured items from your past?

Oh, I see a trunk in that way.

Like a, like a chest of memorabilia.

Is it yay big?

Let the record show that, uh, Joe, you were holding up your hand to approximately the top of your head.

Yep.

And if I could, I'd put the other hand all the way down to the floor.

Okay.

It's probably not that big.

I would say it's about a waist high at best.

We're going to have to fake my death.

Okay.

The dog that I am, coconut, that's become friends with your dog.

Sure.

I'm dead.

I'm gone.

You're okay.

But Joe Cupso's still there.

He's hiding in the trunk and there's a little hole in the trunk where I can look out and I can see what the dog's looking at.

And then I'm speaking into a microphone.

I'm saying everything the dog's narrating about your life.

And that's going into a Bluetooth headset that you're wearing.

So, okay.

You're hiding in a trunk watching my dog.

Is the trunk portable?

Is it moving around?

The trunk is going to have to go wherever you go.

Yeah.

Okay.

And how are we faking your death as a dog to the other?

That's to the other dog or that's to my loved ones?

That's customizable to the family.

I think the easiest way is he got into the chocolate.

It doesn't sound like there's any brick and mortar involved in this business.

No.

I mean, I don't know what you'd be coming in to look at.

My own brick and mortar, certainly.

Do you have a house?

Is it like...

Sure.

I live with my wife, but I'm trying to get out of there.

What's going on?

She's mean.

Live with my wife and my dog.

My dog's kind of a nasty boy.

You're both mean to me.

It's a two man operation.

In what way?

Well, I mean, the brick and mortar surrounds the two people.

Well, yeah.

Right.

Yeah.

Well, oh, oh, God.

This is another sub step of step one.

Step one.

Okay.

You and anybody else in your family are now legally employees of my company.

Oh, okay.

We have to like fill out W-9s and stuff?

It's just what I have to do.

For tax purposes?

I understand.

Okay.

So I don't know that I want you living with me necessarily.

I mean, in the trunk.

Yeah, but it sounds like you need an excuse to get away from your shrew of a wife.

And let's be honest, she does sound pretty bad, right?

Believe you me, I can't take it.

I can only imagine.

I'm getting all these great light bulbs and all she does is want to smash them out of the air.

Oh my God.

All that broken light bulb all over the floor?

I got a solution to the living thing.

Yeah.

What do you got?

You know those beautiful numbers that you see on the gate of a house sometimes?

That are the address numbers?

I've never really looked at them and thought they were beautiful.

A seven is beautiful.

Beautiful numbers.

They're not aesthetically pleasing to me necessarily, but...

Take another look, friend.

They're beautiful.

We get small versions of those, small enough to go on the trunk.

And whatever your address is, we put those numbers, think, donk, think, donk.

I don't want to release your address.

And then half.

And that's my address.

You know my address?

You live in think, donk, think, donk?

No, I'm just saying, you don't want to release it.

You live in Chinatown.

That implies you know.

Hey, come on now.

Not now.

Not now, not ever.

Well, if you listen, I figured that's something that we would get to as we go down the road.

I understand.

And I'm going to need your address.

You're trying to say that you would have a different address than my own address.

So technically you're not living with me.

I still think that the fact that you are within my property would imply that you are living with me.

So you think people that live in row homes are living in each other's houses?

You know, a row home?

You know, a home is split up into two homes.

Like a duplex?

Yeah, I call them a row home.

Why do you call them a row home?

Is that a term?

Regional.

Oh, it's a regional.

Where are you from?

Yeah, outside of Philadelphia.

Can I interject something?

Please, Kevin, I need some help here.

Do you really want to know what your dog is thinking or has to say?

I kind of do, although...

What do you think?

What do you think that would offer you?

Sometimes I just want to hear them say they love me.

Licking isn't enough.

Not guaranteed, really?

No, my dogs never said it to me.

Really?

Yeah, I should be careful.

I should warn you.

Once you go down the road of knowing what your dog thinks about you, there's no going back.

So what does your dog actually think about you?

My dog's just always looking at me going, where's the fried dough?

Where's the child vomit?

Where's the long lines?

You know.

You have children?

No.

Why do you have so much child vomit in your house?

He wants child vomit.

Oh, okay.

He wants to eat up a bunch of child vomit.

But you don't have any child vomit actually with you.

I see.

Why do they prefer the child vomit over adult vomit?

The kids are eating more fun stuff.

I see.

So it's sort of like...

Adult vomit is all healthy stuff.

It's sort of like semen if you're eating a lot of pineapple.

You know what I'm saying, Kevin.

I'm afraid I do.

Yeah.

So...

So when do I start?

When do you start?

I don't know that I'm really in the market for this.

I do have two dogs and I do want to know what they're thinking.

But you haven't really sold me on this.

It sounds like a lot of qualifiers that would...

I don't know that I'm necessarily into.

I mean, you're just...

It sounds to me like you're just looking to get out of the house.

You got me.

I know what you're thinking.

Maybe that's a business.

I can tell you what you're thinking.

That you can narrate my stuff?

Yeah.

Here, let's try this.

Okay.

God, I gotta get out of the house.

Oh my God!

How did you know?

It's as plain as the look on your face.

I mean, you are not happy where you're at.

That was crazy.

I just heard myself in stereo because I already know what I'm thinking.

Sure.

Yeah.

5.1 stereo.

It's pretty cool to hear it.

Yeah.

Don't be surround sound if you go on the other side of the room.

I'd like to try here.

Let's try that.

Okay.

All right.

Here we go.

All right.

Ready?

All right.

God, I hate my wife.

Wow.

The sound quality is amazing.

Wow.

Well, uh, Kevin, I know you don't have dogs, but would you consider buying a dog in order to have Joe come over to your house?

You don't have to do that.

I can get the costume on and come over and then it's actually easier.

Cause then it's whatever I'm thinking.

Are you housebroken?

I am.

Okay.

As the, as the dog, you are.

Yep.

So, but so you'll be shitting outside?

But I'll pick my own stuff up.

Oh, okay.

I mean, that's what you were averse to.

Right.

I can't be in a room with somebody that has a plastic bag on their hand.

Right.

That's why is that exactly allergies?

Oh, okay.

Yeah.

So is that a deal breaker for you?

Oh, am I going to have to bare hand my own doo-doo so that I can be.

You know what you can do?

You could put Vaseline on your hands, so it won't really hit your hands.

I love it.

So just kind of slides around and maybe you could just balance it precariously on the Palm of your hand, your outstretched hand.

Depends on how hard it is.

Yeah, exactly.

Solid.

My stuff is hard.

Yeah.

Really hard as a rock.

Hard as a rock.

Okay.

So if it's that hard, put enough Vaseline on there, it can just kind of like wobble there like a tray of jello until you get to a trash can and then you overturn your hand.

Oh, we can talk.

We can talk now.

Okay.

So this sounds like a good deal.

Great.

All right.

And how much are you going to charge Kevin to do this?

It's $250 an hour.

And that's 24 hours a day?

Not when I'm asleep.

Oh, really?

Not charging you for that.

And you're going to sleep as much as a dog would sleep.

I would sleep whenever I think a dog would sleep.

So about 17, 18 hours a day?

Well, could I hook up a camera in your house and then I'll sleep when your dog's sleeping?

Sure.

Yeah.

Okay.

So if you hook up a camera into my house, sleep while my dog is sleeping.

So you're probably getting six hours awake hours, probably.

Yeah.

So we're talking, you know, that's only like 1500 a day.

Not bad for this service.

Kevin, what do you say?

Look, if somebody came up to me and said, I could give you a narration of what your dog is saying for $1,500, I'd say, sign me up.

Right.

So that's what he's saying.

And also get me a dog.

Right.

Well, he's going to be the dog.

So he's going to be telling you what he's thinking.

Right.

Which will no longer be, I got to get out of this house.

Yeah, but a lot of those wounds run deep and I'll be thinking about some of the things my mean wife has said.

Okay.

So a lot of just psychology, a lot of therapy sessions, therapeutic.

I'll be processing.

Right.

Okay.

This sounds good.

I think we have a deal here.

Great.

So just if we have to take a break, Kevin, if you don't mind jotting down your.

Yeah, I was just checking some of my bank account here and see what I could afford.

Yeah.

Maybe you can just go take a trip to the ATM, you know, and get cash.

Oh, yes.

Yeah.

Yes.

I would if I knew what my PIN number was.

Oh, too bad.

All right.

We'll work out the details during the break.

When we come back.

I'm just ding, ding, ding, dong.

When we come back, we have a yogi on the show.

That's exciting.

Joe, have you ever met a yogi?

Nope.

Kevin, a yogi?

Not in person.

Yeah, just over like Skype.

It was a 900 number.

Oh, OK, great.

All right.

Well, we'll be right back with more Comedy Bang Bang after this.

Comedy Bang Bang.

We're back here.

Kevin Nealon.

We have Hiking with Kevin.

Third season out now.

Alec Baldwin is the guest on the first episode.

And then who are some of the previous guests on the previous episodes?

Oh, from season two?

Sure.

Or season one.

I'll take either.

We've had everyone from Adam Sandler.

Adam Sandler went on a hike with you.

Owen Wilson.

Tiffany Haddish.

Hillary Swank.

Jimmy Kimmel.

Did you bring her two Oscars and just like pumping them the entire time?

She brings them everywhere.

Wow.

Yeah.

Hillary Swank.

Jimmy Kimmel.

Conan O'Brien.

This is amazing.

It's just awesome.

The level of guests you have, I can see why I have not been asked.

I can see why you haven't watched it.

It's just amazing to me.

It's like you've never heard of this show before.

I've never even heard of it, but you know, I'm not out there.

I'm not out there with my finger on the pulse necessarily.

This show is ubiquitous.

There's no way you could not have heard of it.

Yeah.

The marketing campaign for this.

Oh my God.

It's I mean, you're on Comedy Bang Bang.

Look, this is the kind of press that you're doing.

I've done everything.

I've done drama Bang Bang.

I've done comedy Bang Bang.

Sure.

And all the Bang Bang shows.

Sure.

Of course.

And there's no reason why you should not know.

I must be living under a rock or something.

Well, obviously you're living under something.

It's probably a bridge.

Yeah.

With a lot of other people.

Right.

Yeah.

Tent.

Yeah.

Anthony Kiedis over here.

Yeah.

But, um, but, um.

Yes.

Um.

You had something you wanted to say about the show.

A lot of guests.

I've done over like 70 hikes so far.

So that's 70 A-list people.

Incredible.

You ever gonna slip down to the B-list?

Eventually I will ask you for a show.

You'll have to get there.

Oh, I'm not on the B-list.

I'm on the F-list, G-list.

Yeah.

Somewhere around there.

Matt LeBlanc did it.

Wow.

I'm trying to get all the friends on there.

Oh, really?

Who have you got?

Lisa Kudrow.

You got Kudrow.

You got LeBlanc.

Matt LeBlanc.

Any of the other four?

Not yet, but I'm working on it.

But you got to get there.

What about Gunther?

Gunther, I hope I can get him.

You know, he doesn't work at Central Perk anymore.

He doesn't.

He quit?

He got fired.

He got fired for what?

Sexual harassment?

No, just, just sexual like.

Just not harassment.

Just like he's being very sexual in a great way.

But they're like, we didn't come here for that.

We came here for coffee.

No, I, I there's just, you would be surprised that people have YouTube stars on there.

You're right.

I was surprised.

Yeah.

I have politicians.

Robert Kennedy Jr. was on there.

He's not a politician, but singers.

Brad Paisley.

Elvis Presley.

Elvis Presley was on the show.

Frank Sinatra.

Incredible.

I had, oh, the Wright brothers.

The inventors of the airplane?

No, no, no.

Different Wright brothers.

Wright brothers.

Oh, the R-I-G-H-T brothers?

Yeah, they go by the Sklar brothers now.

Oh, I didn't know their original name was the Wright brothers.

It was, but it was not Jewish enough.

Oh, okay.

They had to make sure that everyone knew what they were seeing also matched up with their names.

Exactly.

I see.

But like I say, it's just me.

It's not a crew.

Really?

No cameras involved.

It's just me.

There's atmosphere people and animals.

They're all.

So you're casting all the background artists that are hiking?

They're animals.

Oh, I see.

Snakes, mountain lions.

So you have an animal wrangler as part of the crew.

We don't call them wranglers.

Oh, I see.

We call them handlers.

Great.

So animal handlers.

If anyone crosses into frame, is that an extra?

Is that a background artist or like any other hikers out there?

There are no other hikers.

There's no other hikers.

We clear the park.

You clear the park?

Really?

So there's like a police line around the park?

No, no, no.

We burn it out.

Really?

We burn it out so we make sure nobody, including animals, are in there.

You just raise it to the ground?

It's a control fire.

Okay, great.

But so mostly to the ground, yeah.

Okay.

And it makes it a little difficult to find the trail after that.

Sure.

So we make our own trail.

It's just scorched earth everywhere.

We give it about 20 minutes.

Okay.

So it's kind of cooled off a little bit.

Okay, great.

So you're getting in there 20 minutes after the fire.

Fire trucks are still around.

Is that a...

No, there's no fire trucks.

No fire trucks?

No, we don't burn it.

There's no smoke.

Oh, I see.

You know the expression where there's smoke?

There's fire.

Of course.

Not in this case.

There's just fire.

Where there's fire, there's hiking.

Got it.

That's good conversation.

That's a great tagline for the show, by the way.

Where there's fire, there's hiking.

That's right.

And people would know what you're talking about just naturally.

I think so.

Just instinctively.

Yeah.

So I think I really...

I'm jealous of you because you haven't seen any of them.

I haven't seen any of them and I'm just like a...

I'm like one of these newborn puppies who's being thrown into a pool right now, a pool of Kevin Nealon episodes of this show.

And I have the umbilical cord and I'm like, maybe I don't like it.

Maybe I don't like it.

Maybe I won't.

But then I just cut it myself because I'm like, I love this show.

That reminds me when I was hiking with Lisa Kudrow.

She revealed to me that she has never seen an episode of Friends.

Really?

She never watched any of them.

She lived them.

Yeah.

Why watch it?

She's Phoebe.

You don't listen to these podcasts, do you?

Well, fuck no.

Are you kidding?

Other than episode two.

Yeah.

I love that episode.

How much sleep do you need, right?

Yeah.

About 17, 18 hours.

Yeah.

Speaking of which, we have our other guest here.

Joe Kupso is here.

Yep.

Uh, K-U-F-S-O.

K-U-F-S-O.

Go ahead and talk into that thing.

Oh, over here?

Yeah.

Sure.

You don't have to be so far away from it.

Okay.

All right.

Well, we need to get to our next guest if that's okay.

I'm excited.

Yeah.

I'm very excited.

I've never spoken to one of these before.

She's a yogi.

Please welcome to the show, Gussie.

Oh my gosh.

Thank you so much for having me, Kevin.

Joe, Skywood.

Thank you.

Skywood?

Skywood.

Thank you.

Scott.

It's just a pure, it's like one syllable just Scott.

So excited to be here.

So excited to see you guys and to be on the podcast again.

Uh, to be on a podcast again?

You've been on a podcast before?

I've been on a podcast before.

Which one?

So I work at, um, I manage a yogurt shop and, um, some of the guys that I work with, they have a podcast.

So I was on that.

Oh, you manage a yogurt shop in your, uh, as your main job and then you're a yogi in your spare time?

Well, I thought the yogi came from yogurt.

Yeah, exactly.

So that's a common misconception.

Everybody's like, Oh, I, I thought that yogi meant that you did yoga.

That's a good impression by the way.

Remember when we were doing Al Pacino?

Yeah.

That's almost like that.

So, so it comes from being in the yogurt shop, not from doing yoga.

Exactly.

Ah, I see.

I'm like, you guys, sure.

You might think that.

I guess maybe I didn't know what yogi meant.

Maybe I should look it up.

Well, typically yogi is a, um, like a yoga, like a more of a spiritual counselor.

I didn't even know if it had to do with, uh, yoga itself as much as a spiritual, I guess it is.

It's a practitioner of yoga, including a sannyasin or practitioner of meditation in Indian religions.

So I know some of the listeners are probably like, Oh, well, we, we really want to hear something like that.

You don't have to put on a voice when you're talking about our listeners.

We like to be respectful of them.

They probably are very intelligent.

So maybe do an intelligent voice.

So they're like, well, we really wanted to listen to you.

No, smarter, smarter.

Like put on, put on airs.

We really wanted to listen to you.

Not British though.

That's, you know, all British people are smart.

They're all smart, smarter than us though.

They're like, well, we really wanted to hear about like spiritual stuff.

Well, guess what?

That's not what you're going to hear today.

You're going to hear about yogurt today.

Oh, great.

Well, I like yogurt.

I mean, it is, it's healthier than ice cream.

I've always said that about yogurt.

How is it healthier when it has bacteria in it?

That's true.

So this is also, so again, our shop, it's just yogurt.

It's not frozen or anything.

Just a heads up.

It's just tubs of yogurt.

Wait, like hot yogurt?

How does that stay?

I've heard of hot yoga, but hot yogurt is a different thing.

Yeah.

Warm yogurt.

Oh, it's just warm.

It's not hot.

Not hot.

Oh, I see.

We got thick.

Room temp?

A little warmer than room temp.

How do you get it warmer than room temp?

Is it on a hot plate?

Maybe you mean hotter than normal rooms because your room is actually hotter than normal rooms.

Well, a little bit.

Yeah.

For sure, the heat is up.

The heat is up.

We want to be sweeter than there.

Yeah, Glenn Frey.

Sweating and eating that yogurt.

What is the appeal of warm yogurt?

So thank you so much for asking that question.

It's just better that way.

Goes down easier?

Yeah.

Also for the bacterias, the bacterias grows and that's good for when you digest.

But if you heat the bacteria out of yogurt, is it even yogurt anymore?

It seems like then it's just, I don't even know what yogurt is.

It looks like a soup.

It looks like soup.

So it's like creamy sugary soup?

No sugar.

Do you pour it into the cone or do you only have it in a cup?

No cones, just balls.

Just balls.

Do you have bread bowls or do you have just normal plastic bowls?

Yeah, we have a lot of different kinds of breads.

Really?

Rye.

Just rye?

You stopped at rye.

You said you had a lot and then you said rye and you had an upward inflection that made me think, oh, she's starting with a list.

And then you just stopped right at rye.

Yeah, so we got rye bowls and then you put the, you serve it yourself.

Okay.

Oh, it's buffet style.

Yeah, but you better tip like you're, like we served it to you.

Yeah.

Oh, okay.

You do all the work in the back.

Yeah, we work really hard.

When you say you serve it yourself, is the stuff out where customers can get to it or do they have to go into the back of the store as well?

Yeah, we keep it in the back by the bathrooms.

Okay.

Do you have a sneeze guard over it or what are the sanitary?

Or, or, or lids at all so people don't mistake the bathrooms for the yogurt?

It's just an open buffet.

And if you need to go to the bathroom, it's also right there.

And a lot of people are using the bathroom, so it's good to have it.

A lot of people are using the bathroom.

You don't have like a customer only bathroom?

No, I'm, I'm of the school thought that everybody, if you need to go to the bathroom, you should have a place to go.

So you did go to school?

Yeah, of course I did.

Yeah.

How long?

The whole time.

Oh, good.

Okay.

Yeah.

It never took a day.

Did you have perfect attendance?

100%.

Just at the school of thought.

What's the most popular flavor that you have there?

We have thick.

What's the flavor?

Thick, thick-er and thin.

Thick, thick-er.

And it seems to me like you would have thin, regular and thick, but you have thick, thicker and thin.

Okay.

Am I allowed in there?

He's a dog.

As a dog.

Yeah.

When for absolutely we are welcoming to all animals.

Every time that's a health code violation, although it sounds like you have several health code violations going on there.

So I, I'm one of those kinds of bosses or I'm like, everybody's like, Oh, the boss is so mean.

Oh, we don't want to do anything bad because the boss will yell at us.

I'm not that kind of boss.

You're a nice boss.

I'm a cool boss.

I'm like, if the boys want to hang, let the boys hang.

Who are these boys?

And why are they hanging?

They're my employees.

Oh, they're all 16 to 18 year old boys.

And I'm like, if you guys want to go, if you guys need to go, they're like, I need to go smoke a cigarette.

I'm like, go.

How many employees do you have?

You're not a one man operation like Joe over here.

There's four boys and then there's me.

Four boys.

And why are they all 16 to 18?

Is that a requirement or those are the types of people that want to work with yogurt?

Yeah, I found that to be tried.

Do you make the yogurt right there in the back?

For sure.

Yeah.

It's a culture, isn't it?

It's a culture.

So you basically just a cultural thing where like just people make it in the back.

Yeah.

So you pour two gallons of milk and then you stir it up and then you let it sit and then it becomes good yogurt, but make sure you don't touch.

Don't touch really.

So no one's allowed to touch it.

Are there signs to that effect or yeah.

Oh, for sure.

Because we don't, if you're going to the bathroom, we don't need you touching unless you're serving.

Okay.

Has anyone gone to the bathroom and served at the same time?

They've served and then got in the bathroom.

Okay.

But they're not that close where they could be sitting there on the toilet while they're serving.

If you wanted to reach, you could.

You could.

You know, I'm very optimistic.

When I see a sign in the restroom that says employees must wash hands, I read like this.

Employees must wash hands, right?

They must, right?

They have to.

I'm in like the school of thought where it's like, okay, so you don't want to wash your hands today?

I'm not going to make you wash your hands.

Like that's not what, that's not the kind of boss that I am.

Yeah.

Your life, that's your choices.

So what you're going to do, that's up to you.

I think you dislike confrontation.

Yeah.

It seems to me like you're a very passive person who, was there a lot of confrontation in your household growing up?

Well, so my parents are no longer together.

Oh really?

Why?

Are they alive or are they dead?

They're both alive.

But they do not talk.

They don't talk.

What does your mother mean?

What does your mother kind of mean to your father?

So much so that he drove them into a dog costume to get out of the house?

Um, that's very specific to Joe's life.

Okay.

You know, I don't expect that your parents were that mean, but why are they no longer together?

So they just were, just one day they're like, we're done.

And I was like, where are you guys going to go?

And they're like, we're going.

And I was like, so wait, they both left the house?

They both left.

And I was like, that is commitment to a divorce.

They're like, we're both leaving.

And I was like, you know what?

There might as well get a job, start supporting myself.

That's when I started working at, uh, just yogurt, just yogurt.

Are you married yourself?

Um, and how old of a woman are you?

I'm 38.

You're 38.

So you've been at this for 22, at least years.

Yeah.

Wow.

And are you married?

Um, I am married.

You are?

I am married.

Yeah.

Okay.

And is your husband in the business as well?

Seems suspicious.

I don't know why you're saying it like that.

Is it Kevin?

Are you getting this sense?

Yeah.

Joe, Joe, I mean, you're, you're kind of sniffing your nose right now.

I innately can tell when people are suspicious or up to no good.

And that's when you start to bark.

Usually I know somebody's a terminator.

Your ears kind of like, are they're going up a little bit.

Yeah.

Um, he, so, uh, my, my husband, he's also married to somebody else.

So I'm like, if that's what you want, that's fine.

Go and do what you need to do right now.

And if you need to be married to more than one person, I'm not going to be the one.

So he's a polygamist.

Yeah.

I don't, I don't believe it is actually.

You've been talking about a lot of illegal stuff here.

But our, our marriage is not recognized by the state.

Oh, it's not.

But his other marriage is recognized by the state.

You're not actually married.

You just like hang out with this guy.

In the eyes of the church, we are married.

Which church?

But the state it's unrecognizable to the state.

Yeah.

The state does not, they cannot see it.

Right.

Which church are we talking about?

We're talking about, are you, uh, uh, LDS or, uh, Bi?

The first two people always.

Were you saying Bi?

Are you leaving right now?

But you're okay with that then that he's married to somebody else.

Yeah.

I don't subscribe to one religion.

You don't really.

You, are you like many religions or zero religions?

I'm like, if you need to be, if you, if you like, if you think that God and Jesus were like, you know, son and father, that's fine.

That's cool.

If you think they're best friends, that's cool.

Yeah, exactly.

Like a 48 hours type of competitive relationship where they learn respect for each other by the end.

If you think that they were fucking, that's fine too.

Fucking, whoa.

Okay.

I'm just saying that's, that's your choice.

That's cool, whatever that is.

And like, Scout, if that's what you believe.

That's not what I, please don't put that on me.

I don't think that God and Jesus were involved in sexual Congress.

But if that's what you believe, I'm not going to be the one to tell you no.

It's not what I believe.

So you don't have to tell me no.

So do you have boyfriends on the side?

Um, no, but I give them, I definitely talk to them about their relationships.

Oh, you do?

So they're always like, Oh, I can't work today because like, Why are they whispering to you?

Are they not allowed to talk at normal volume in the store or is it like a library?

Do you have like signs up or?

Yeah.

Oh, it's silent in there.

Is this a silent yogurt?

Spiritual place.

Oh, okay.

So they're trying to whisper so the customers aren't disturbed.

Yeah, exactly.

So it's like, Oh, I can't work today because Janice, she's, she says that I have to go to her place to help her with her laundry before she goes on that trip.

Janice as a girl's name is coming back.

You see a lot of 16 year olds named Janice these days.

And I'm like, you know what?

Go.

Yeah.

Go talk to her, go deal with her.

Go, go to her.

Take the conflict away from me.

Yeah, exactly.

Yeah.

That's it.

See, Kevin, you're getting to the root of it.

You, someone comes to you with conflicts and wants you to involve it.

And you're just saying like, get it out of my sight.

True.

It's also like, you know, other situations, if they're like, I can't clean the bathroom because my dad, he got a job at the zoo.

I have to go see him at the zoo.

I'm like, you know, what?

Go.

What's the interview process like for you when you're in?

It's so intense.

It's 16 interviews.

16 interviews?

Yeah, background checks.

Background checks.

Pee in the cup.

Oh, you got to pee in the cup.

Heat it up.

Heat it up?

Really?

But your, your room temperature is already pretty hot.

Why do you need to heat it up?

Check the temperature of the pee.

Okay.

Look, I tell you what, let's, let's play a little game here.

Like let's, I'm going to give you some conflict and let's see how you deal with it here.

Yeah, absolutely.

I trained for this.

All right.

I don't think your business is very good and it's called Just Yogurt.

I actively want to encourage our listeners not to go to it because I think this is a terrible, terrible business.

Well, first of all, I want to thank you for saying that.

See, this is the problem, Kevin.

See, she's thanking me already.

She's looking for the good in everything.

Yeah.

If you, if that's what your belief system is.

That it's not a belief system.

It's just, it's facts and facts don't care about your feelings.

And I don't know where you were raised or with who.

So if that's what they taught you.

You don't need to be bringing my parents into this.

I, I didn't bring them in.

I didn't say anything.

Oh, you didn't?

What were your parents all about?

They seem terrible.

They were both singers.

They were singers.

Okay.

Now I'm dropping the game right now.

Now I'm, now I'm interested.

May I interject one thing?

Yeah, please.

Before you move on.

Yeah.

Have you ever been in a fist fight?

I've been in a leg fight.

A leg fight?

Where you're kicking people or you're just.

Yeah.

So it was because fist fight, you don't call them arm fights.

So I would think I've been in a feet fight.

You've been in a foot fight and are you walking in your hands during this time or.

Yeah.

It's just all feet.

This would be very interesting to the carnival enthusiast dogs out there.

I think who love to see people walking in their hands, but now let's talk about your parents.

They were both singers.

Yeah.

So they, you know, I was, I trained to be a singer.

You did really.

Let's hear.

I'm going to take my horse to the old town road.

I'm going to ride.

I'm going to take my, you need more confidence.

You're so you're halting right now.

I'm going to sing singers, professional singers, especially.

They have a lot of, uh, uh, sing out though.

Sing out Louise.

See right now you're keeping it in.

I think it's part of your personality.

You don't want to be noticed.

I think you don't like confrontation.

You don't want to be noticed to be a professional and to be a.

Ain't nobody tell me nothing.

This is like one of those bad American idol auditions.

I mean, bad in the way of like bad for her, but we enjoy it.

We do enjoy it.

Yeah.

I don't know.

Gussie.

It sounds to me like, uh, is the business successful or.

We're thriving.

You're thriving.

Wow.

Great.

On Yelp alone, five at 2000 reviews, four stars.

How many, how do you get the, how did they get the York to be thicker?

Thank you.

Because I understand thick, but thicker, thicker.

I can't, it's just more milk and more of the stuff that you move it, move it around in there.

It's stuff that you move around.

It sounds like you don't even know how to make the, are you just like putting stuff into vats and hoping it comes out?

Because I don't even know if this qualifies as yogurt.

Make sure you don't die.

All right.

Make sure you don't touch.

Who are we to talk about this business?

I mean, if 2000, 4000 reviews, you say at four stars or.

Yeah.

And it's a thicker, is that too hard to get through a straw?

Is it like Bobo where it's just like at a certain point you just go, I give up.

It's like, um, like a very thick, um, milkshake, but warm.

So it's like soup stew.

Does it still have the consistency consistency of the milkshake though?

Consistency of a milkshake, but, but pureed stew.

Sure.

Thicker, even thicker than that.

If we were to come in there and order the thicker yogurt and we're not saying we're going to, but we might, I don't know the three of us on a family outing.

Can we bring our own additives to put in there?

Yeah.

Do you have toppings?

No toppings.

That's no toppings.

You guys.

I'm so sorry.

We, we, it just got too messy.

It got too complicated.

Is it because the consistency they sink and that's not a topping anymore?

Exactly.

It's a bottoming.

It turns into something totally different.

We don't want to compete with any topping places.

This is just straight yogurt.

Straight.

Again, warm yogurt.

That's all that we're doing.

We're doing it right.

But, um, again, just, I don't know how you guys tip because I know you're still You seem very focused on the tip.

What are your margins?

Do you have breast milk yogurt?

Oh, okay.

So it depends on the season.

It depends if it's in June because that's kind of baby time.

Yes.

But is that because people, is that because people are fucking during February?

Well, I don't think that man, but I think it's more like, it's more like Halloween.

School.

The kids are back in school.

It's time to make some babies.

Go no cause definitely a Valentine's day.

Cause that's four months from then.

Yeah.

Right.

Yeah.

Okay.

I don't, I don't.

Have you ever had a baby Kevin?

I believe you have.

I haven't had one.

No, really.

Okay.

But your wife did.

My wife has had a baby.

That timeline, it feels like a little compressed for you.

Um, no, it depends on what your schedule is.

You know, that's true.

It depends on the season.

Yeah.

So, uh, who are the tips real quick?

So you guys, you know, everybody's like, Oh, I'm going to just take like 18.

So people that when they, when they're tipping you, they're whispering because it's a quiet, quiet place.

You know, they're on the little iPad.

Oh, I'm making you 18, 20, 20%.

That's all.

That sounds pretty good.

That's pretty customary.

I know.

Okay.

So you serve yourself.

Okay, fine.

But think about it.

Most people in the world, they're actually tipping.

I don't know.

55, 55%.

I don't know.

That's like, you're it's, it's like, you're just buying another thing.

At that point, you guys are celebrities.

You should be tipping one.

Well, Kevin certainly is a celebrity.

I would be five seems low to me.

I'm just going to be, thank you.

There we go.

Now you negotiate with the tip or I don't pay for the product.

Oh, I usually it's given free to me.

Cause I'm a celebrity.

So then you're tipping 80%.

Yeah.

Okay.

So it's like you're getting 20% off celebrity discount.

No, but if I, if a celebrity came in there, you would, right?

No, I'm sorry.

You're gonna have to pay for the yogurt and then you're going to have to tip.

Do you have celebrity pictures on the wall of people that frequently?

Oh yeah.

Danny DeVito.

Oh really?

Do they know they're having their picture taken or no.

Cause it's usually when they're leaving the bathroom, I'll just get a quick one on my iPhone.

Yeah.

Sounds a lot like Kevin's urinating pics that he's taking.

Yeah.

Oh yeah.

Yeah.

Totally.

I have quite a wall display at home.

Yeah.

So you have a totally silent yogurt shop with pictures of celebrity penises on the walls and pants on no shirts.

They have no shirt.

Why are people taking their shirts off to go?

I've never done that.

I think they might be in a full dog costume and that's the only way to take both.

As a 38 year old, what do you like in a man's torso?

Do you like the six pack or do you not care?

Do you like it to look like a V or do you like it to look like a figure eight or an a triangle?

A triangle upside down or no other way.

Oh, right.

Side up.

Yeah.

Small shoulders, big hips.

That's what you're into.

That's what your husband has.

I love a man with childbearing hips.

Childbearing hips.

Yeah.

And a big, big wide butt.

Just a big turd cutter.

What do you get your milk from?

That's such a good question.

We get it primarily from cows from the neighborhood farms.

The neighborhood farms?

Local.

It's through Tyson.

Mike Tyson?

Has he come to the store?

He has come in.

Really?

Oh, he tipped good.

What did he tip?

He did 92.

92 percent.

Is that an all time high for you?

No, we had Gwyneth come in.

Gwyneth Paltrow?

Poterow.

She was on friends, wasn't she?

Not Poterow.

No.

Okay.

Poterow came in.

She did 115.

115.

That's more than the price of the product.

That is incredible.

Has anybody ever left without paying?

You ever have a dine and dash situation?

We have had that.

And you know, some of the boys were like, why aren't you running after them?

Go get them.

It seems like this is such a terrible situation.

They would raise their voices a little bit.

They're like, you should go run and get them.

Hurry.

What are you doing?

And I was like, guys, you think I'm going to catch up with him?

I mean, you do have very long legs.

You're a very tall person.

You see, you're, how tall are you?

You seem about six, two.

I mean, you're as tall as me, I think.

Yeah.

Maybe not as tall as Kevin.

Kevin, you're six, four, six, four, six.

Wait, you're exactly as tall as you.

Yeah.

I was going to say with the heels.

I'm a little bit taller.

Yeah.

So you don't think you'd catch up?

Your heels are tall.

So I found most dine and dashers are kind of, they have short squatty legs.

So you don't think you'd catch up to them?

Well, this is the thing.

God gave me these legs and he gave me no speed.

No speed with the legs.

Do you guys win any awards for your yogurt?

We won Yelp 2019 award for best service.

Wow.

2019 isn't even over and they've already decided this?

Wow.

Your service must be incredible.

It was, we really.

We're not doing any better than this.

This is just a runaway.

Let's go ahead and print it up.

Print it.

Why are we printing things for our website?

I don't know.

It's what we do.

We taped it up.

Yeah.

We taped it up.

Incredible.

With other pictures.

Well, Gussie, this is quite a business.

I don't know between the two of you, Joe and Gussie here, who, I feel like you should have said you're a small business owner, by the way, because we get a lot of those, but you sort of like weaseled your way in.

I don't own it.

Who owns it?

Rod.

Who?

Rod.

Rod?

We got to get Rod in here.

Can you promise to bring Rod if you ever come back?

I'll see what I can do.

Because I don't know how he thought up this business.

This is a brick and mortar and yogurt establishment.

She did, yeah.

Well, Rod does.

Rod does.

Yeah, OK.

It's not Rod.

Rod.

Rod Stewart?

Rod Jeremy.

Oh, Rod Jeremy.

Rod Jeremy.

Oh, OK.

Rod Jeremy.

Do people ever say, Ron Jeremy?

And get him confused with the famous porn star?

No, because Ron is banned.

They're brothers.

Oh, he used to come in there.

Oh, really?

OK.

Speaking of that.

Ron ate too much.

He ate too much?

That's why you banned someone for eating too much?

It seems like that's the kind of customer you want.

He ate too much.

OK, enough said.

Enough said.

Did he pay for what he ate?

Yeah, he tipped really good.

Then why are you banning him?

He can't come in anymore.

Why?

He just ate too much.

He ate too much.

OK, I don't want to ask you for it.

He had the thin.

Oh, OK.

That doesn't clarify it for me.

Look, we're running out of time here.

We can't get into the details of Ron Jeremy eating too much of the thin yogurt and tipping very well and getting banned for it.

We have time for one final feature on the show, and that's a little something called Plugs.

If someone asked you out of everything you've ever heard, what's the coolest stuff?

What's the coolest stuff?

If you were some kind of cool guy, you might say something like Plugs.

Beautiful.

Wow, that was something like Plugs by Big Cat Music Squad.

Thank you so much to Big Cat Music Squad.

That was a beautiful, beautiful song.

Gorgeous.

All right.

Well, I barely want to sully that wonderful piece of music by just saying a bunch of dates and things.

But Kevin, what do you want to plug here?

Well, of course, we talked about Hiking with Kevin, which comes out every Thursday on YouTube.

At length?

So this Thursday new episode?

Yeah.

Thursday after that, I would expect a new episode.

Because at this point I've been trained a lot like a dog.

Episode after episode.

And of course, I'm on a show called Man with a Plan, which will be airing in January.

What is Man with a Plan?

I don't know.

It's a show I do with Matt LeBlanc.

You do?

Oh, okay.

On CBS.

Oh, the CBS show.

Okay, that's how you got him on your show.

See, this is the thing.

You're doing show.

You get cast in something and then you say like, hey, can you come do my show?

And people feel like they have to say yes.

They feel obligated.

That's what it is.

To be on my show.

I see.

Yeah.

So, you know, you scratch my back, I'll scratch yours.

Are we going to be scratching each other's backs, by the way?

Possibly.

Metaphorically and physically?

Yeah.

Sure.

How deep do you like?

Do you like deep tissue or Swedish?

I like Swedish.

Okay, great.

I'll be at the Rio Theater in Santa Cruz.

You will?

On September 15th.

I love that part of town.

That's a real great theater.

I don't know if you've ever been up there or not.

I haven't.

What date is that?

I haven't been up there either.

September 15th.

15th.

And then on the 14th of December, the day before that, I will be at the Grand Theater in Tracy, California.

Tracy, California.

Yeah, it's up north around, north of San Francisco, I think.

Wow.

I don't think I've ever been to the area.

Of course, earlier we talked about, you know, stand up live in Phoenix on October 4 and 5.

Worse.

I mean, that's getting very close to Halloween, though.

Do you think you maybe better curb the appearances, you know?

No, no, no.

I just, I go in costume.

You do?

Okay.

Anytime in October, that's the Kevin Nealon promise.

You'll be in costume.

When October comes around the corner, I'm in costume.

When it comes around the corner.

Yeah.

So is that like into September you're still in costume?

Like it's coming around the corner or?

It's September 31st, typically.

Typically, okay.

Yeah.

We call that October 1st, by the way, in the business.

Okay, well, you know, you call it what you will.

Okay.

But I will be...

That's like, you know...

And then February 29th and 30th, I will be at...

February 29th, is that what you said?

And 30th.

And 30th, yeah.

We call that March 1 and 2.

I'll be somewhere then.

This is like calling, you know, a E sharp an F in guitar.

That's true.

Yeah.

Isn't it?

Yeah.

Why call it an E sharp?

Yeah.

If it is an F.

Sure.

Let's jump into...

Let's jump into 2020.

Next June.

Yeah.

What do you got?

What do you got come election time?

I think that's enough for people to remember right there.

Yeah.

Where can people get information?

You're on Instagram.

You mentioned at Kevin Nealon Twitter.

That's a good one.

At Kevin Nealon.

Yeah.

Also at Kevin Nealon artwork.

I do some doodles and drawings.

You have...

Every time you've been here, you usually draw on the table.

You draw a caricature of yourself.

That's when I gave away my art.

Now I don't.

I sell it.

You sell it now.

I don't like sketch on somebody's thing because then they wrap it up and they sell it.

Yeah.

At a profit.

For millions and millions of dollars.

And it's all profit at that point.

Yeah.

So yeah.

So at Kevin Nealon is my...

And at Kevin underscore Nealon for my Twitter.

And then of course...

Who got Kevin Nealon?

I don't know.

Some guy named Kevin Nealon.

Yeah.

You got to get in there early and often.

Yeah.

And then of course, my website.

Of course your website.

Now watch this.

Write this one down.

Okay.

It's a little complicated.

Here we go.

At Kevin Nealon.

So your website is at kevinnealon.com?

No, no.

It's kevinnealon.com.

Oh, I see.

Yeah.

Okay.

Now I confuse people.

I call it at, but it's really an A with a little...

Okay.

So people type in the A, the ampersand.

The A with the long tail continues the tail.

Yeah.

It wraps around itself.

People have to type that in before kevinnealon.com?

Is that what you're saying?

No, no, no, no.

They just stay away from that.

That's for my Instagram.

I see.

Have you ever considered changing your name to Kevin K.E.

and then the ampersand and then Lon?

No.

Never even thought about that.

Never thought about that?

But I will tell you my middle name is James.

Is it?

Kevin James came to town, I thought, wait a minute, what's your last name?

My middle name is James.

He just stopped there.

Yeah.

You know what I mean?

And then you continued on with the Kneeland.

So it's kind of lazy of him just to be like, ah, I'm quitting at James.

Yeah.

He needs some kind of a hashtag or something.

Yeah, he needs something.

Please talk to him about that.

Have you ever done the hiking with you?

No, no, he lives somewhere else.

Too bad.

He's come into the yoga shop.

He did?

Really?

The yoga shop and it's in town here in LA?

No, it's in Lewiston, Maine.

Why didn't we talk about that?

He comes up there, he vacations there.

Oh, I had no idea.

Great.

All right.

Joe, what do you want to plug here?

Well, I'll be involved in all of the dates that Kevin mentioned if I'm a good boy and I get to go to the shows.

You got to check with the theaters first, I think, Kevin.

And then I'm not affiliated with the show, but I like to watch the Netflix show Big Mouth.

And season three of that show is coming out in the late, late September's of the 40s or the 50s or something.

Oh, OK.

So in October or so, or maybe November?

Pre-November.

OK, great.

Pre-November.

And dogs sometimes can't watch TV.

Are you one of the dogs that can watch TV?

I can.

But I need to read a recap after.

OK, great.

And Gussie, what do you want to plug?

You can follow me, the boys, Rod at Lily Yilly on Instagram and on Twitter.

You sounded Australian there for a second.

I did.

Do you have a MySpace account?

No, MySpace definitely got Grindr.

Got Grindr?

Oh, OK.

Yeah, we don't need to talk about your Grindr.

That's not really a social media.

I have Grindr too.

Are we talking about that?

We don't need to bring up your Grindr accounts.

I want to plug guys.

We are now a mere 11 days from the movie I directed coming out.

Between Two Friends, the movie comes out September 20.

Netflix, please watch it.

Very excited.

The trailer came out a few days ago.

Great people in this movie.

Zach and Will Ferrell and Matthew McConaughey and so many people.

Keanu Reeves, so many great people.

Please watch that.

Premieres in a week.

Very excited by it.

And we'll be out there actually in Toronto for Just For Laughs talking about it.

And we also have some tour dates.

We just wrapped up a Midwest leg out there, but we have some coming up and some new ones to announce today.

Toronto next week on the 19th, we're doing a live three of them.

But then on the 20th, we're doing a Between Two Ferns live screening with Lauren and I talking about it afterwards.

But that night we're doing a Comedy Bang Bang with Paul F, Lauren and myself and maybe some other people.

And here's some new ones to announce.

October 23rd, two shows in Portland.

October 24th, Seattle, Washington.

October 25th, Vancouver.

And all of those shows are with Paul F and Lauren Lapkus and special guest Andy Daley will be with us on those shows.

That's very exciting.

And then November 8th, New York Comedy Festival with special guests as well as Paul and Lauren and November 11th, Philadelphia, November 12th, Washington, D.C.

All right.

Those are the dates.

OK, let's close up the old plug bag.

And open up that bag.

Open up that bag.

That's a great song.

Yeah.

Well, that's that's your old friend Horatio Sams, by the way.

Kevin Nealon, you were on the show with him.

No, I was not.

You were never on the show with him?

Never.

Never crossed over.

Never.

Not even once.

You talking about hiking with Kevin?

No, I'm talking about SNL.

No, never been.

Really?

Wait, what year did you quit?

I was on back in the 1900s.

Oh, that's right.

I quit.

Those bicycles with the one giant wheel and the little tiny one.

Oh, I remember.

1995 is when I left that show.

You left in 95?

Yes.

Really?

Yes.

And when did he start?

The gettin' was good.

Oh, tell me about it.

Because the gettin' was very good back then.

The gettin' and the takin' was good, too.

Oh, my God.

Well, you would not do that show, and then, man, all that gettin'.

Yeah.

Oh, the 90s, right?

Yeah, back in the 1900s.

Incredible.

Guys, I want to thank all of you for being on the show.

Kevin, always great to see you.

Please don't make it another 600 episodes before you come back.

Hey, don't be a stranger.

Exactly.

Because if you're a stranger, then you'll frighten me.

Yeah.

You know?

You know, if you could move a little closer to my house, there would be much more.

I would love that.

What is your address?

I live in Lewiston, Maine.

You do?

What?

Yeah, he comes in all the time.

Wait, you didn't talk about that.

Well, you didn't ask.

You were asking so many questions about the store.

You already knew the answers.

Well, because I frequent the store.

I never had the opportunity to ask.

Because it's silent.

It's silent.

It's so hot in there.

You can't ask the questions.

It has to be quiet.

Okay, yeah.

It seems like you would have brought it up.

Gussey, thank you so much for being here.

Please bring Rod next time you're here.

I'll see what it can do.

Yeah, I mean, I know it's a long trip from America's Erect Penis all the way down here to California, the, I guess, the anus of America.

And Joe, thank you so much for being here.

And so you're going to go home with Kevin here or?

Yes, all the way to Maine.

Yeah.

Okay.

I'll put the window down.

Yeah, just don't put him in the back of a pickup truck because that's not actually very safe anymore.

It's not safe.

Yeah.

I love it though.

I know all those smells.

Yeah.

Well, guys, thank you so much.

We'll see you next time.

Thanks.

Bye.
