---
layout: page
title: 619. Zach Galifianakis, Lauren Lapkus, Ryan Gaul, Jiavani Linayao [https：⧸⧸cloudfront.wolfpub.io⧸CBB-619-20190826-GalifianakisLapkus-SKv02-PW.mp3].mp3.wav
category: cbb 
---

♫ I see the mascot of evil.

It's not a dragon or monkey or beetle.

It's a regular man with the name of Stan whose plans are far from legal.

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

Huh.

Thank you to Lord Baby Hat for that catchphrase submission.

And welcome to Comedy Bang Bang for another episode.

And middle of September, back to school season, certainly.

I hope you and your loved ones are all in school as you listen to this.

And we have a great show today.

Coming up a little later, we have a musician.

We also have a small businessman and an educator.

So this is the type of people we have on this show, a broad swath across many professions.

But before we get to that, by the way, my name is Scott Aukerman.

I'm your host for Comedy Bang Bang.

Before we get to all that, we have four actors, I guess.

People in the entertainment industry are here on the show.

They all have wildly disparate careers, and yet they share one thing in common.

They are all stars of an upcoming movie coming out this Friday called Between Two Ferns, the movie coming out on Netflix worldwide this Friday, September 20th.

And they are the stars of this movie.

And they hope to make you chuckle within this movie and to offer, hopefully elicit from you reactions of humor and enjoyment from this movie.

Let us Terry know further before introducing them.

Please welcome Zach Galifianakis, Lauren Lapkus, Ryan Gall and Giovanni Linayo.

Hello, guys. Hi.

Hi. Thanks for having us, Scott.

Sure. Thanks so much.

This thing right in your right next to your mouth.

And then also the microphone.

Whoa. Hold on now.

I don't like that kind of humor on this show.

Oh, I'm so sorry. You stop that, please. I will.

I won't talk again. You really? OK, goodbye.

Wait, are you just going to sit here or are you going to fly away?

Welcome to the show.

Between Two Ferns, the movie comes out this Friday and you are the cast, which leads me to ask, of course, I want to know what what are those numbers on the call sheet? Let's break them down.

Great question.

The call sheet people that don't know what a call sheet is.

Oh, they know what a call sheet if they listen to this show.

Oh, we talk about it a lot.

Who listens to this show?

Well, what is that? That's the real question.

What's the profile of someone that listens to this show?

They should make a Mindhunter episode about this show.

By the way, do you want me to be my real self or my between two fern self?

I'm not quite sure.

Because your real self is sort of not that different than the between two fern self.

It's not true.

Number one on the call sheet was me.

Yeah. And I think that's pretty obvious.

I reminded you guys every day.

You did talk about it a lot.

It was mentioned a few times.

Giovanni L'Anil coming in at number four, everybody.

What's up? Hey!

I guess I was two and that makes you three, right?

That makes me three lucky number three.

But if we were to rearrange those numbers now after we worked.

After we've seen.

I don't think you'd make the top four.

Wait, I would actually many people came in like as 26 or 27 because of the way we shot that.

That is. Oh, my God.

Can you please jazz this up a little bit?

You mean the guest stars?

Everybody say the guest stars.

The guest stars. Yeah.

Huge stars coming in at lower, higher numbers.

It was confusing.

So I can understand why you'd want to put me a little lower because you would look at a call sheet.

Ryan, is that what you're saying?

And you would see one of the stars like Matthew McConaughey on it as number 26.

Exactly. And you're at number three.

And you would think that that's just not fair.

That's not fair.

Listen, I should not be anywhere near Matthew McConaughey.

That made sense to me.

I love looking at that sheet and being like, yeah, Keanu Reeves, you be number 18.

I'm number four.

I've been better than all of you all my life.

Zach just pulled out a piece of paper and now he's writing something down in the middle of the show.

I don't know whether he got an idea for a joke or what.

It would exactly have a question about the film itself.

Then I'm going to ask you later. Oh, you are.

OK. Yeah. Please write that down.

Yeah. Is it how many reels it is? Five.

How long? How long is the movie?

Eighty two or eighty three minutes?

You think that's too long?

How long did you want it to come in?

Well, a Ryan Gall movie, you know, which is being referred to, I think. Yeah.

Vehicle. No, that's good for comedy.

That's that's a good number. Yeah, exactly.

We took a look at other movies like this, like Spinal Tap and what other movies are like this?

Leave them wanting less.

Yes, right. That's the model.

You looked at other comedies like Spinal Tap, and then you couldn't think of another one.

Yeah, I couldn't think of a single other one that this is like.

No movies like Pop Star or Borat or whatever.

And they're all in the 82 between 82 and 85 somewhere in there. So we.

What? But this isn't an interview of me. I'm interviewing you guys.

How long do you want the movie to be?

I want it to be 87 minutes.

Really? I know five specific minutes you cut out that everyone's mad about.

Which five are we talking?

Just me ad libbing, doing my little dance.

There was we did film it.

It's an improvised movie where the script wasn't.

I mean, it's easier to do it this way.

We just didn't write it.

It's definitely easier for you.

Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I had too much going on.

No, but we would set up cameras and say, OK, here's the situation.

Let's let's see what it's like.

Was that a fun way to make a movie?

Had you ever made a movie like this before?

No, not an not this to this extent.

Not to this extent.

No, because usually you have a script written out, then you improv on top of it.

Right. There's a this was the loosest, which is good because it had to be that way because of the way we shot it.

But as far as the outline, it had to be able to be able to be moved.

Yeah, here, because we would.

Because what would happen is we would cast a person in it, say the aforementioned Keanu Reeves, and not know exactly where it's going to go in the in the movie, because you want these movies to have sort of an ebb and a flow. And so we want the ability to put it anywhere in the movie.

So we could have been sometimes like a celebrity.

We would film them and then they decided they didn't want to be in it.

That's a story for another time.

Now we're not going to reveal because we're not going to reveal.

Oh, I don't hear that.

Maybe it is interesting that that does happen.

But yeah, so there were a lot of really fun improv scenes that we did.

I remember there was one Giovanni where you were singing a lullaby to Lauren.

That was really fun.

That was a sweet moment that I'll hold in my heart for all.

Yeah, that was just a moment for us.

Ultimately, I had actually been waiting to sing you that song since before I met you. I saw you around.

You wrote it just from seeing her. Oh, yeah.

She was so funny and all the things.

And I was like, you know, who needs to sleep easy?

Lauren left. So you went home, wrote a song.

Well, I think it was in my heart all along.

Oh, I see. It wasn't even written.

It just came out of you. And you could never repeat it, I'm sure.

Oh, no. Yeah. No, no, no.

But unfortunately, all that footage is lost to the Netflix cutting room floor.

Boy, that floor is filled.

Say it falls onto the floor.

Yeah. Crunchy. Yeah.

There's so there.

There's so much stuff that we cut out.

But the stuff that's in is is all we we put it in front of many audiences.

And it's all stuff that got laughs, you know, and all stuff that.

Where did you do that?

You remember the one that you snuck into? Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.

Right. Yes, we were doing a test screening, which is the cast is not allowed to come to. Well.

And Ryan put on a baseball hat and tried to sneak into it.

I understood that number one and two on the call sheet could not go in.

I did not understand.

You didn't think you didn't think that was for three?

I think it's more like two, three and four are not allowed to go in.

And Zach was there a lot.

Wait, did you go? Did you go see it?

Yeah, I saw it, but one that I was invited to.

But after you it was only after you did that, that I got invited.

We have only truly was the same.

When Ryan did something wrong, I was then allowed to do it.

Ryan.

Yeah, basically, one wouldn't have been able to see it if Scott had his way.

He was lording it over me that I would never see the film.

Well, when it came to put on a hat, tried to sneak in and the person in charge of the audience testing took one look at him and said, Hi, you're in the movie.

I've seen this like 10 times at that point.

You're not allowed to come in here.

They were they were the biggest fan.

Yeah, they actually were.

Yeah, they they really enjoyed it. They enjoyed the movie.

Yeah.

But Zach, you've told me this several times.

You have to take what you want from Hollywood.

You have to grab it by the the laws. Yes, sure.

Yeah, grab it by the balls and take it.

That's my bumper sticker.

I haven't said that to you directly.

How many times are people ramming into your bumper, by the way?

Just just to get noticed.

They're trying to get their break. Grabbing your bumper by the truck nuts.

Is that an expression?

Yeah, it is a very famous one by the truck.

Yes, of course. No, that our truck.

That's the balls that the little chrome balls.

Yeah, the the balls that people put in order to look like, I guess, bending over human.

When I see big balls on a truck, I want to fuck that.

Big balls are hot.

That's what I say.

It don't just not know.

I, I, I don't do that kind of humor anymore anymore.

Really? When did you stop after this?

So this movie is filled with it. Yes, I'm done with it.

What was it? What was your most fun day?

And what was the worst day on the move?

I guess the worst day was when you screamed at us every day.

I guess the most fun was when it was over.

What was the most fun day?

One of my favorite memories was one of the first days, and maybe it was the first day when we were in that car and Zach had to like peel out of the parking lot.

I just was like, I felt like I was really living my life in the moment because I could die right then.

So we didn't have a stunt driver.

You're saying that because Zach.

But I loved it. It was fun.

You felt like a good driver. Exhilarated.

Yeah, it was exhilarating. You felt safe.

I felt safe. That knife's edge between exhilaration and fear.

Yeah, yeah, yeah. That's where you like to live.

I love to live there. Yeah.

I'm always I'm always daring greatly.

I'm always a fan of reshoots. So the reshoot days are always.

Yeah, I liked when we came back months later and I got extensions put in my hair.

Yeah, you cut your hair for a different film.

Yeah. And you had to then get extensions.

So certain scenes you have natural hair and certain scenes you're wearing fake hair.

Try to find it. Try to find.

And Zach, you have a fake beard sometimes and a real beard other times.

Yeah. Any hair things for you?

No, I grew a mustache for the first time.

But in the beginning, if you look closely, it's not it wasn't as long.

So it kind of changes throughout the whole movie.

Well, hair does that. Oh, oh, yeah.

But yeah, I've never had a mustache before and it felt pretty.

You've never had a mustache.

It felt pretty slimy outside of shooting, walking around.

Felt like you just have a mustache in the movie.

No, I had some facial hair, but it was heavier in the mustache area.

But I think my worst moment is this the story you're going to use on the talk shows?

Or yeah. Oh, we're all warming up for the talk show.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

I'm scared of going underwater and oh, yes, I had to go.

That's right. In that tank.

Yeah, we shot that was so subtly put in front of me a couple of days before, like, oh, you're going to have the tank day. What's a tank?

What is it about? We don't know people's feet.

Like you have to write down.

I'm deathly afraid of fill in the blank whenever you do a thing.

Otherwise, we're just going to schedule you in something that that's true.

But that was that was terrifying.

Are you claustrophobic? Is that part of it?

Maybe you had to hold your breath for a long time, five seconds.

Not even that long. But it was the it was getting sucked down to like, OK, here's here's what it was. The same thing he and I.

Yeah, you both did. You were on the same day.

So basically, think of it.

I didn't I don't like that kind of stuff, but I was I think I was OK.

Yeah, you were down there for a long time.

Ryan, literally, we would pull him down below.

I'd panic. I'd be horrible at that.

And we and you would every three seconds you would you would start toes to thrash and swim up and we were like, please just get to five.

Just get to five seconds. Can you do that?

The guys, the guys were the most manly men that were doing it.

They were like, the stunt guys. Yeah.

Oh, my God. They made me feel so tiny and small because they were like, well, I can. Who was it that they said?

So it's Scarlett who Kate Winslet held her breath in the movie for three minutes.

Three minutes. Impossible.

Just somewhere else. She did in somewhere in Hawaii.

And they were like, so we think you can probably pull off five seconds, man.

Dude, that's not fair.

Everyone has different reactions. Thank you.

And the British can hold their breath a lot longer. Yeah.

That's true. Why is that?

Kate wins that does cannot hold her breast breast breath.

Are you thinking of the movie Titanic right now?

Her breath for three minutes.

I mean, that's what they told me.

Isn't the world record record like two minutes?

No, the world record must be seven or eight.

What if she was in the Guinness Book of World Records for holding her breath in the movie Titanic for three minutes?

It wasn't because I asked.

I was like on Titanic and they were like, no, this was just some indie out in Hawaii.

What? What? She did this for an indie movie.

Yeah. Indiana Jones.

This was for Indiana Jones. Crazy. Crystal. Crystal.

So that was your least favorite day, Ryan?

Yeah, that was my least favorite day.

OK. And it was also cold water.

That was what about when we had to fly down the hallway in that rushing water?

Didn't mind that. That was fun.

It was like going down. It was fun.

It was fun. But then getting going outside every time was hard.

Yeah. After you're doing it, you're soaking wet and then they have to like start over again. Yeah.

Giovanni, you're being very quiet, right?

Oh, I wasn't in that stuff.

And I love being underwater and I can hold my breath.

See, I would have swapped.

Nobody asked. What? We just interrupt each other.

But then I also like the fact that we made Ryan do it.

Oh, yeah. Everything happened as it should have happened.

Yeah.

I thought it was crazy that day that we were in the wildfires.

Yeah. So, yeah, there were the fires up in the mountains here in California.

And we were shooting that day and we were in this beautiful house with glass windows that were facing the mountains.

And we could just see smoke in the morning from behind the mountains.

And then slowly the fire just came over the mountains and started approaching us until we had to shut down in the middle of the day.

And it was super windy and impossible to shoot outside.

So we have that's that's something we shot.

Hey, Zach. Yeah. What's going on?

You're just still trying to think, should I do my real personality?

Yeah. Where are you landing on this? I think I'm going to go real.

Oh, great. OK, here we go. Yeah. This is real.

This is oh, he's dynamic.

I love your real personality.

Thanks, Giovanni. Thank you very much.

This is my real voice. Everything. Yeah, this is. Yeah.

How you guys doing? Oh, boy.

Ryan, do you have a good summer?

Yeah, that's nice, man. That's cool. Oh, dear.

OK, go back to the fake one, please.

Zach, so so did you have any you know, we've been trying to make this movie for years and years and years.

At a certain point, we got together like five years ago and started trying to trying to figure out what it is.

Yes, you remember what the original the original.

I remember a lot of a lot of it turned into baskets.

Yeah, that's right.

So so because I was trying to make basket.

I mean, yeah, you had some stuff in your mind that you wanted to do behind and it turned into baskets.

But for a while, you were trying to say that the first movie should be that.

Yeah, that's interesting. Yeah.

And then there was a certain point where it got really arch and where we were going to go very broad, where we're going to go to Italy.

Well, yeah, let's not talk about that, though, because we may still go back.

Sequel. Oh, oh, but.

But no. Do you remember the original the original version when we were talking about there were certain versions that were so broad where it was all about you trying to unplug the Internet and then like through your show, doctor schoolteachers became celebrities and celebrities became hunted.

And oh, wow. Yeah, there are all sorts of like, yeah, weird ideas that that.

And then at a certain point, I think that I watched like Spinal Tap and Wayne's World and said, this should just be really simple.

And it it is. Yeah, it's very it's too simple.

Yeah, they're calling it the simplest movie ever.

Scott, what was the best and worst day for you?

The the most fun stuff I thought was at the beginning when we were we we built the public access station.

And for the first week, I think we just did very simple improv scenes so that you guys could get to know each other and play with each other.

That was the loosest time. Yeah.

And so that was intentional intentionally just like and I was trying to figure out how to get comfortable, you know, directing and with the, you know, cinematography and the lighting was.

So we just intentionally did everything very, very simple and gave you guys just kind of prompts.

And then we would film stuff.

And that was the most fun because like there and a lot of it ended up in the movies like Lauren, where we would do an interview with you where you were talking about what you would do for Zach as his assistant.

Oh, yeah. And then you would improv something.

We go, oh, OK, she just improvised something really funny.

Let's go shoot it.

So then we would go into the break room or some other room and then shoot what we were talking about.

And so all that stuff was like probably the most fun.

Yeah, it was fun. Yeah.

And then what was the hardest thing?

Hardest was towards the end when like all the stunts and the freezing temperatures and you guys and all of us being out in the rain towers and the the 30 degree weather out in the middle of the night.

4 a.m. in the middle of the desert.

All that stuff was very difficult to do.

Oh, that gas station scene. I know. Yeah, that's rough.

And you guys got in a little fight.

Where you did at the gas station?

We did. Yeah, you did.

We cast it late at night.

You got out of the rain tower.

You will you come back to the car and find us?

It was your classic number one on the call sheet.

Oh, you jerk versus the director.

You try number zero.

I never get into it.

I, I remember.

Come on. We got into a few discussions, but you have to do that when you're when you're making a movie when you're no discussion.

You don't take it personally.

Yeah, I don't have a temper on.

I'm getting ready to have one now.

I know you're raising your.

Oh, good. Remember when we would occasionally, occasionally and by occasionally, I mean every single take laugh at something and everybody would be laughing.

And you just hear from beyond the Ryan.

Ryan, come on.

Well, pull it together.

That is my favorite thing on set is when other adults have to tell adults to act to pull it together.

Pull it together.

Always call out Ryan.

And yeah, it is Ryan.

To be fair, you're talking about the driving scenes where you are right smack dab in the middle of the frame.

There are other scenes and you're supposed to be asleep and you're just like, bah, laughing, happy to be there.

I was giggling. Those were fun.

I wish I wish more of that driving stuff.

There's a whole a really funny scene where Lauren, you were asleep and Zach is asking for his password for his computer.

And you're like half asleep trying to give him instructions of how to get into his computer.

All that stuff.

Oh, I thought it was funny.

Oh, but I don't remember that.

If it were a TV show, then, you know, all that stuff could go in.

But for an 82 minute, make it a TV show, dude.

All right. This should just be a TV show.

Use all the footage.

Is there is there a bloopy reel?

They're bloopy.

You'll have to watch. You'll have to watch the movie.

It they're bloopy real peas.

May I have blue peas?

I went to see when I messed up that.

Who is it?

Who has what now?

Who is like, are people known for their blooper reels?

Can you be known specifically for your bloops instead of a real?

I don't have a sizzle reel. I have a bloop bloop.

You just pass that around to agents just like, hey, here's my blooper.

Hey, look, I couldn't find any.

We wanted your acting real.

Not your funny sizzle.

Just bloops.

This is my blue bloop.

This whole business is just like talk like how kindergartners talk.

Bloopers, sizzle.

So what do you think, guys?

Sequel. Let's all get let's all get together and shoot it.

And shoot it this at the end of or shoot it next year.

What's the goal of this?

How do we we'll we'll work out all that.

All right. All right.

Do we same cast?

No, we'll replace some people.

Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah. Let's do it.

But most of the cast will probably be the same.

Well, number one, number two, probably.

Yeah. Four four is good.

One through four. We'll keep one, two and four.

It's agreed.

You were three. Remember, how do they how does Netflix determine if it's a good meaning?

Do they have some kind of algorithm that do you know what algorithms are?

Yeah, that's one of my favorite Janet Jackson albums, Algorithm Nation.

What country do you think will do the best in USA?

Maybe is not really is Netflix in a lot of countries.

Yeah, well, they're in 80 some odd countries, I believe.

Yes.

So, yeah, I they take a look at numbers, metrics.

Yeah. They take a look at how many people have watched it.

Well, how do they so they can they do keep up with that?

Oh, God. No sequel then.

What if they you need to believe in yourself? Yeah.

What if Netflix was unable to know how many people watch their thing?

They just put it out in a guest.

Well, we hope it's word of mouth.

My answer, she liked it.

You seem very surprised by it.

Oh, so they know how to they know how many people.

That's surprising.

They wouldn't think they would bother with that kind of thing.

But Zach, was it was it a difficult thing to turn?

You know what I heard a lot of is I didn't know how this would be turned into a movie.

Were there any fears regarding that?

Well, I mean, how do you take a four and a half minute sketch you've been doing for a number of years?

And it's a very limited sketch.

There's I mean, it's just a black wall and two chairs.

And the camera angles are not great.

So how do you do that?

And I think the idea was just try to see what it's like to to try to the making of them, the behind the scenes of us, basically.

But part of it was I think the fear of doing it was you just do want to let it live in that four and a half, five minutes.

But I think the movie brings a lot of that, that that funny stuff, because we keep it a lot of the interviews, obviously, a lot of the movie's interviews.

I think it works.

I think I think we've tied it, given enough of a storyline to to make people interested in the in the movie.

And we we wanted to do this because we were making that Comedy Central special that we did in New York.

And we were like improving stuff on the street with like you running into a mailbox and your pants dropping down.

Yeah, that's yeah.

And we were like, that's when I was doing a higher brow stuff.

And we were saying, if we could make a whole movie like this, it would be really fun where your pants could fall down throughout a whole movie.

But just the spirit of improvising and doing it like we do the between two friends episodes where those are improvised. And and now I know by the end of it, you were like, I'm so tired of doing improv.

Well, I mean, it's I mean, the you guys are improv actors.

So I get intimidated that I don't know what I'm doing because I'm a I'm stand up and there's I've always felt that improv, legitimate improv people, good ones have rolled their eyes at stand up sometimes.

And the other way around, Brian, you're you're in the ground leagues.

My eyes right now.

But I was but I'm right about that, right?

No, it's the other way.

I think stand ups roll their eyes at improv a lot.

Absolutely. Well, I did break up with a woman once because she asked me to go see improv in the valley.

Well, don't go in the van.

I know it's too many things.

Zach, your trailer was actually smaller than normal.

What you get on a normal movie. Is this right?

Yes, Scott. It was it was small.

Only four bedrooms.

The agents are the agents are the ones that do the trailer stuff.

That's their. Yeah.

But you were you very graciously because it was a low budget movie, took a small trailer. Yeah.

And it was right. What a hero I am.

It's what a hero.

But we all had equal sized trailers, did we not?

Yes. And that was really fun for us all.

It was really fun for us.

Just talking about having the same size trailer. So fun.

What would you would you all do another movie or is this it for you?

I never want to do another movie.

Yeah, I'm out.

That's too much work.

I guess I like comedy and money.

And I suppose I would go hand in hand.

Don't they funny equals money a lot of times.

What did you guys get paid?

Oh, God.

I know you're number one on the pay sheet.

I think I'm number two on the sheet.

I like you all tie for three, maybe.

Page three.

Not page three. I don't know.

I didn't. Can we pause this and you can call?

Who do you want me to call?

Your commercial agent or did your commercial agent handle this?

That's not funny. My commercial agent.

Are there agents specifically for commercial?

Yeah. You know, for like, oh, you got it about it.

You have to go out. Yeah, you have a.

There are voiceover agents.

There are podcast agents. There's so many.

Yeah. Can you believe there are podcast agents?

Whoa. You can get anything, man.

All right. I didn't know there was I didn't know you could podcast.

Yeah, there's a guy at UTA.

I met with him the other day and he was like, yeah, I handle podcasts here.

I was like, oh, what else do you do all day?

He said, no, that's it.

Why has he never wanted to talk about any of the podcast?

Well, you have to be like, man, you have to be a client at UTA.

I am. Oh, any questions for me?

I've run out of questions for you.

Yes, I do. I kind of want to put this stuff on you.

How did you like directing?

I told you it's hard, right? It's hard. It's it's hard all the way around from preproduction to post.

And can I ask you what I would think the most annoying thing about directing is?

People constantly are asking you questions all day.

Yeah, it and in a movie like this where it's mainly improvised and there aren't answers to a lot of questions, that can be very frustrating for the crew.

So I sort of felt bad during preproduction that a lot of people were like, we don't know what we're doing.

We have you know, we we were supposed to work on this movie and we have no idea what to do.

And I didn't have any of the answers because you and I were still kind of figuring it out and I would go over to your house every once in a while and try to try to, you know, write scenes and stuff.

And and then but at a certain time, and this is sort of like what Steve Harvey did.

But we had to put a sign up on my office door that said, do not knock.

Don't and don't don't come in, because literally I'd be trying to write the scene because we were writing all the way up through the movie, through the shooting of the movie, but I would be trying to write stuff and people.

It would just knock on the door constantly and ask me questions that I didn't have answers to.

So we had to like say that I would only be able to talk to them when we had production meetings.

But you just feel like such a jerk being like, hey, you're not allowed to talk to me.

Why is that like Steve Harvey, though?

Because Steve Harvey did the same.

He put out a memo where it was like, if you see me in the hallway, do not talk to me. Don't come into my office.

Oh, come on. And people were people were like, what a jerk Steve Harvey.

But you have to understand, like he is people will just ask you questions all day, every day.

God, I love him. Oh, he's funny.

No, you know, family, family feud.

He is overreaction to things. He's really great.

I'm like, maybe I'm like not famous enough to talk shit about people.

Here we go. Here we go.

OK, this is Giovanni's shit. Talk corner.

Oh, who do you want?

Who do you want to talk to?

I'm only I'm only here to talk about Steve Harvey, which is why I came on this podcast.

OK, that's why you did the movie.

That's why I did the movie.

I have a platform.

People need to know.

He said Asian men are unattractive, which was bullshit.

And I don't like him and I can't get on board.

And I hope you feel bad for saying that you like him.

Asian men. I cannot.

Don't I'm not. Don't.

No, I'm not. I can't. That's terrible.

OK, but his overreactions on the family feud when he's not making fun of Asian make me laugh.

Yeah. Well, guys, Between Two Ferns comes out this Friday, September 20th.

I hope everyone turns on their Netflix, fires it up, lets it warm up for a little bit.

You know what time it will come out?

What time? All my answer is midnight.

I think midnight in the East Coast, maybe or something, or midnight in every single country.

Midnight on the 20th on Thursday at midnight.

I think technically in the United States, it comes out at midnight on on on the East Coast, which means 9 p.m. here on the West Coast.

And then in every country, maybe it comes out at a prescribed time.

But I really don't know.

I don't think it comes out the day before for us.

I think it's just midnight, midnight, no matter where you are.

I guess could be with other shows.

That's what I've experienced.

Why don't you direct the movie?

Do you know what?

Should we call the Netflix metric?

They're switch. Yeah, they're better.

We should try to figure out if they can see the numbers of how many people actually that's that's that is.

And then at what time does it come out?

This Friday, it comes out.

I hope everyone who listens to this show watches it first day.

Yeah, I think if you can't watch it on the 20th, you shouldn't watch it at all.

I don't know that I would go that far.

I think it might help us if they watch it on the 21st, at least fine.

But the 22nd, no.

At that point, at that point, why are you even doing it?

It's all spoiled for you by the way.

In all your comments that you're going to type about it on the message board.

Can you send them to Scott Ockerman?

Yeah, just send them right to me because, you know, I'm reading about my work.

I keep very close eyes on all of that stuff.

As you should. It's good for creativity.

All right. Well, I know that Lauren, Giovanni and Ryan, you all have to go.

But when we come back, we're going to have a musician.

We're going to have a small businessman and we're going to have an educator.

The three very interesting jobs.

Zach, you you're going to stay, right?

Because you're interested in talking to all of these people.

I saw them in the hallway. They do seem fascinating. Yeah, great.

OK, well, we are going to be right back with more comedy bang bang after this.

Comedy bang bang. We are back.

Zach Alifianakis Between Two Ferns, the movie comes out this Friday, September 20th.

Netflix, every single country that Netflix is in.

So you have no excuses anymore.

And who are some of the people that are in this movie?

Some of the people that you do some of the cameos is first of all, Will Ferrell.

Yes. Did a full day with us and so many scenes.

Yes. Will was there very early in the morning to very late at night.

He's gotten sloppy, but he's good in it.

His work has gotten sloppy. Yeah.

Yeah. A lot of. Yeah, we had to cut out just long, long pauses where he would stare into space in the middle of sentences.

Wait, 71 now.

It's crazy how old he is.

And he's been part of our lives since the 50s.

It seems like you see him on the screen.

You're like, oh, it looks good when you see him up close, up close.

Yeah, yeah. Without all the pancake makeup.

Yes, it's it's just wrinkle city.

It's hard to look at. Yeah. It's like a melting wax figure.

Will's in it. Tiffany Haddish is in it.

Um, that's is there other.

Yeah, that's about it. David, that shouldn't be it.

David Letterman, was that a thrill for you to work with David Letterman?

Yeah, I mean, I think that was.

I think that was just the most excited I was because we couldn't get to sleep that it was like Christmas.

It was like David Letterman was going to show up in a Santa suit.

And he was as fun as you wanted him.

You know what I mean?

We were very nervous about it because we were in the middle of New York in some in and we and these guys weren't invited, so they didn't go.

When I say these guys, I mean, the people are previous guests who all left.

But we were in and in writing questions and kind of trying to predict how it was going to go.

And we were like, this could either be very fun or it could be very awkward for us. And he made sure that it was very fun.

Yes, he was a wonderful he was.

I mean, he was very playful and laugh.

We I mean, if I remember correctly, there was a he was laughing a lot.

He laughed a lot. Yeah.

And we had matter of fact, I think when we were editing, I kept hearing his like laugh at the end. Right.

We had to kind of clean it up a little. Well, there. Yeah.

Yeah.

I mean, a lot of times when we film these, the the one of the issues is and this was especially true with Jerry Seinfeld.

I don't know if you remember is you'll ask a question that's really funny and the person will laugh because it's a funny question.

And we'll be like, well, we have to cut these laughs out.

Yeah.

So to make it look, you know, actually a little more awkward.

But yeah, that was that was a great thrill.

And then, of course, you know, working with people like Paul Rudd that you've known for a long time.

And Jon Hamm has been he was the third episode we ever did, I believe.

And then he was in the Will Ferrell episode and now he's in the movie.

Yeah. Rashida Jones is in this movie. Rashida. Yeah.

Who John Cho? Yeah. I didn't know him. Yeah.

I knew I've known I met him once. And but he was very funny.

Handsome.

Handsome guy.

I mean, the guy the kind of guy Steve Harvey would make fun of, certainly.

Oh, now I see your point.

Wait, now that we've talked about a handsome Asian man, you see the point.

Now I get it. OK, well, we have to get to our next guest.

He is a musician and we'll figure out exactly what type of musician.

But please welcome to the show Clint screams on the rock star, baby.

Oh, dear. Are you?

I didn't know you were an English musician.

Yes, I am. You know, I think about me, did you?

Zach, do you know Clint?

The working with screams?

You don't know my work to you?

No, I mean, I'm very familiar with the British the scene, but yeah, I'm very familiar with British dialects and I'm trying to place you.

Yeah. What is this?

You want to know Henry Higgins? Yeah.

I'm from Poughkeepsacon.

What? But a thousand miles south of London.

Never heard of it.

I'm sounds like a cross, like a Poughkeepsacon combination.

Does he know about the Poughkeepsacon?

England has come to Poughkeepsacon.

England has very strange names for towns, so it doesn't surprise me.

I have been to England. Yes. You traveled to the UK, did you? I did.

I don't know that I went 1000 miles south. You didn't.

So what? You stayed right in city center, did you pussy?

Afraid to see the real London.

Afraid to see the real UK.

I guess I didn't travel as far as Poughkeepsacon.

But what was it like growing up there?

Rough and tumble.

Hmm. Got in a lot of scraps every day on my way to school.

Of course. Of course, we're not here to talk about that.

We're here to talk about the music.

No, I thought your assistant told me I'd be here to talk about my details and my history. Well, you're rough and tumble scraps.

I'm not that incredibly interested in what type of musician are you?

You're sitting here. Oh, that's right.

I make rock music. Ever heard of it?

What are some of your hits?

Yeah. Talk about your music.

All right. More than more than five.

Yeah. More than London.

Did you just burp?

No, I swallowed weird.

I don't know what it was.

It wasn't a burp. I swear to God, I tell you if it was.

You seem very worried that we're going to think you burped.

I burped. I'd be humiliated, you see, because I don't drink soda and I don't really are you morally you don't release it orally.

You release it but wholly.

What? But wholly is how you say it here in California.

You want to hear a few of my songs?

Yes. Yeah. What do you got?

My number one hit was Scream If You Want To Scream If You Want To.

Now you use your last name in the song title.

OK, let's hear a little bit of that.

OK, I have to back up from the microphone.

Yeah, baby. Oh, God.

I can say the accent is it sounds like you sure it's that Epcot that you did everyone in Poughkeeps icon learn how to speak by watching Austin Powers movies?

It doesn't. I can't get past the accent.

Yeah. It seems imprecise.

Because then we could have a real conversation amongst us, can't we?

OK, what was number two then?

Number two hit song.

Don't you have a list in front of you?

No, I have no list in front of me.

Unfortunately, your producer and producer of my says, yeah, it didn't give me any of your details.

But that's why I'm asking you, because you seem like you possibly could be an interesting person.

Although I've heard no evidence of it so far.

Really? You don't think I'm interesting at all?

Even with my long, long hair that gets caught in the doorway.

OK, that was now that I was going to bring that up on air.

But that was kind of funny.

You I thought that was the name of her song of the song.

I have tie dye hair that gets caught in every door I go through.

You don't think I'm interesting?

And it's long like Rapunzel's.

It's much like the fairy tale.

You have that here in America.

We do have fairy tales in it. Yes.

That is I mean, when I saw you, I was like, wow, what an interesting person.

Long tie dyed hair that gets caught in every single doorway you went through.

It got caught in. Mm hmm.

So and and to get into this studio, there's at least five different doorways.

Yeah, at least.

Is that a problem for you every single day?

Scott is a problem for you.

It's not a problem for me because it's not.

You don't care about others.

Well, when I see someone getting their hair caught in something, I do have that sort of empathetic pain where I go, ouch, I don't want that to happen to me.

Mm hmm. Well, it won't happen to you because your hair is as short as an inch.

It's actually about four inches, maybe.

I like how you metaphorically were saying it's short as an inch as an inch.

So it's the laziest metaphor.

So what is as short as an inch on an American ruler?

So, Clint, Clint, what is interesting about you?

What's unique? What's interesting?

He told you. Well, he's got the hair. Yeah.

I literally don't know what you don't get.

What you want. I've never heard my reality show.

Oh, you have a reality show. Yes, I do.

About me and my family. Oh, OK.

I'm a crazy rock star, but I've got kids.

OK. This sounds a little like a show from the early 2000s regarding the rock star Ozzy Osbourne, who I believe is called the Osbourne.

Zach, am I right on that?

There was the Osbournes, but there was it was confusing because back then there was also Rick Dees had billboards around town dressed up as.

Yeah, it's very confusing because of the Deesborns.

And sometimes I would be watching the Osbournes and I would be like, is this the Deesborns or or vice versa?

Sometimes I would be looking at that billboard and I'd be like, I feel like I'm watching the Osbournes right now.

But it was the Deesborns I had ever seen in my life.

Rick Dees dressed as Ozzy Osbourne.

But it was called the Deesborns.

You know what, though?

Here's my here's my biggest complaint about your show, Scott.

Oh, OK. You listen to this show.

I'm listening right now.

OK, so well, I've got one complaint about this show, but you go ahead with yours.

The sec you don't want to know anyone.

You want them to tell you who they are.

Are you saying that I should guess who you are? OK.

You know, be a little bit of an interviewer.

Say a guess.

All right. You think that's what interviewing is, is just people guessing about.

OK, I'm guessing that.

Look, I'm just going to say it.

I don't think you're from England.

I don't think that I think that England is too small to be a thousand miles south.

I don't think there is a town called Poughkeeps icon.

I think you're I barely even think you're a musician.

I don't I've never heard of any of your songs. OK.

I you do have that rainbow Rapunzel hair. I think that's the one.

I think. Look, here's what I think.

I think you're from America.

You saw Austin Powers once and it made a huge impact on you.

You dyed your the one interesting thing about you is you dyed your hair.

What about my eyes? They're red.

OK, all right. I'll give you that.

That's interesting. You have red eyes.

I have the nostrils only in my face with no nose.

OK, yes. Interesting to you.

You look like the red skull a little bit.

You don't have a nose. All the cartilage is gone.

You just have like nostril holes and you have red eyes and you have a multicolored rainbow.

My teeth are fully black, but my tongue is blue.

How do you think I maintain that?

I polish. I don't know.

Rock stop, but you could have guessed it if you tried.

You don't even look at the people you're talking to.

The least you could do is describe me to your listeners.

All right. I look like a demon from hell.

You do like, but I don't like to say these things unless it's the person says to acknowledge it.

So look, I think you're a local oddball who conned their way onto this show.

What you think? I'm from Burbank or some shit.

Oh, Burbank. Is that where you're from?

Interesting. I grew up right outside that IKEA.

Did you in it? Did you in it?

All right. Is that wait? Hold on, Scott.

Yeah, this is you think I was raised in IKEA and a crib in the IKEA.

What's your favorite? What's your favorite?

Bed. What's your favorite with horse?

Me? OK, we love it in England.

What's the national cuisine of England?

Swedish. Close.

Close. OK, see, Zach, this is fishy.

I think that Clint.

I think Clint is from Burbank and is just a local oddball who has decided to to grift his way onto the show.

Have people told you that you have a really strong British accent? Yeah.

Yeah, they've told me that.

Tell us the truth. Is your name even Clint screams?

Is my name even Clint screams?

Can I show you my ID?

Please. Right here.

Take a gander what that says.

OK, that says Jody Warehouse and your eyes are blue and you have blond hair.

That's what that says.

Yeah. Why did you show me that to prove that you work at the IKEA warehouse?

I never knew what it said.

You never do you not know how to read my eyes.

Oh, don't you know that you can only read Swedish words like slovers?

I can only read a word with an umlaut.

OK, Jody, Jody warehouse, Jody warehouse.

Yeah. I can't reply to that name.

You were you that Native American.

Did your parents name you warehouse because that's where you were born in the IKEA warehouse?

Conceived. Sorry. Either one gave me that last name and left me in that crib.

They left you in an IKEA.

Did they put it together?

To the toddler bed.

And then I moved up to a single and then I moved into a double.

I don't know how bad love I moved to the as you get bigger, the beds get bigger.

We understand.

Double hoping for love. Is that what everyone's typical bed situation? Yeah.

And that's where I am now.

Single as a Pringle, if you will. In it.

It's like you've studied a lot of Madonna films to get your British accent.

Jody, Jody, someone's shag skull in my bed.

Go swing, baby. Yeah.

All right, look, we need to get to our next guest.

Do this to me.

Do what do you?

You're a liar. Pushing my head down under the table, kicking my face with your foot.

OK, I'm sorry, but that's what I do to guests who try to con me.

All right, move on.

I feel I feel a little bit hoodwinked to see if I care, but I feel like you knew this.

I didn't know. I believe me.

You really thought that was a that that was that was a British singer named Clint screams.

I have no idea.

You know, sometimes I get information just merely moments before the guest comes in and I don't know what they do.

And so I apologize to you, Zach.

This is not fair to you.

Do you know where I can return this suit?

Uh, where did you get it?

Goodwill. But where can I return it?

I bought it for the interview.

Look, I don't.

First of all, I don't believe Goodwill allows returns, even if they did take it back there.

That would be amazing if you took something back to Goodwill.

Like, I think this has been used.

Well, Jody, I I you have a sad, sad tale, but I want you to stick around.

Is that OK? Yeah.

And you can dip in and out of the accent if that's what makes you more comfortable.

OK, OK, great.

Let's get to our next guest.

He's a small businessman.

Please welcome to the show Ichabod Gordy Bradbury.

Hello there, Scott.

How I am. You're you're welcome to just call me Gordy and Gordy.

Is that a nickname or is that your middle name?

And that's my middle name.

It was in where I'm from.

We don't get middle names.

We're giving them somewhere in our toddlerhood based on maybe a behavior that you have.

So what is the Gordy, the behavior of Gordy?

My parents always said, oh, you're so they'd be like, get inside.

Just be acting Gordy.

So I'd run in and all my brothers and sisters would say you're acting Gordy.

They'd say you're Gordy.

Oh, I'd be eating dinner and they'd say, not so Gordy.

Not so good. So not so good.

Gordy is an adjective.

I guess I haven't heard the Zach.

Is this some sort of regional thing?

It sounds like it might be like a colloquialism type thing.

Only because he's saying it like it is.

Well, I would I was going to say, are you have any previous knowledge of it?

Were you from what is that accent, Maine?

That's the coast of Maine.

Straight up old Route 1, 2 down through Bristol, South Bristol down to Pemiquet Point.

These sound like real details.

Yeah. So I believe you.

Yeah. This seems like somebody's done some research.

You don't have to do research if it's who you are.

Yeah. That's what I'm saying.

Do you know Tom?

Tom, sure, Tom. Of Maine?

Yeah, Tom. Yeah.

Has delicious toothpaste.

Guy grew up right next to me.

Makes a hell of a delicious toothpaste and wonderful smelling deodorant.

Good condoms. A condom.

Yeah, makes edible condoms.

A condom. What is a condom, sir?

Pro laughing.

No, that's your career.

Pro laughing.

Where I'm from, we call them rubbers.

Good old fashioned rubbers.

OK, rubbers. Slap them on your longhorn.

Stop the babies.

I know what you're talking about.

I didn't know they had that.

But you've never heard the word condom.

Never heard the word condom or pro left.

What you call a philatic mispronounced.

That's all right.

You're all friends to me.

Everyone's friends. Rules of the ocean.

Very good. And this is this is Jody, a.k.a.

Clint screams over here.

Oh, Jody. Hello.

Good friend. She or he is a little much.

It's you know what?

I'm a little much for you now.

Yeah, no, no, no.

Zach, go for Marcus.

So Gordie. Hello.

You're a small businessman.

I am. I'm spreading the word of the lighthouse.

I grew up taking care of a lighthouse and off Pemiquit Point in Maine.

And we're trying to franchise and you're a lighthouse keeper, a lighthouse keeper.

I secure the sea.

We used to be called a lot of things.

You're the the sea's first defense.

Right. Right.

If you're if you're on a boat and you're in trouble, I'm your only I'm your only hook to.

Are you all right?

That was I'm sorry. I had a hiccup.

Oh, you would tell us if you burped, though, right?

I would. But I like to be mortified.

Would you be mortified if a burp came out your mouth?

No, I wouldn't be mortified if a burp came out of my mouth.

Really? Yeah.

You'd let it come and pass?

No, not on a podcast.

Not on a podcast.

Either way, I'm trying to.

So Gordie, what you do is you at night.

So the ships don't crash because it gets very dark out on the sea.

There are no street lamps out on the sea.

That's right. That's right.

I live a nocturnal lifestyle.

What you do is you shine the light so ships don't crash into the rocks.

You work it in a circle. Sure.

Yeah. Which I never understood because why should it shine towards the land?

There's no ships on the land as far as I know.

Or is there?

Well, I believe maybe it's just easier than creating a mechanism that goes, you know, just to do it, just to do it clockwise.

The entire way is probably easier than it's stopping and going back.

Sounds like you've done a few one to six to six to one.

Few stints in a lighthouse yourself.

Well, I've certainly taken a look at a few in a book, but you.

So you live a nocturnal lifestyle. You sleep during the day.

This is during the day right now. So you must be very tired.

Yeah, I'm very I'm very tired.

But you do what you say.

There are days where there's storms.

There's days where there's storms.

Why? And there's listen up.

There's days where there are storms so heavy and so dark that even when the sun comes up, it can't penetrate through those clouds.

And the only way those ships are safe is because of old Gordy sitting 13, 14 feet up in my tower.

That's pretty short.

We can. It's like two me's.

I mean, these ceilings right here are probably eight feet.

And this is this is not a high ceiling place.

So that's about right.

We haven't had the most successful lighthouse.

You're basically like in a second story.

Yeah, it's are you waving a flashlight on a second story apartment?

It's not a flashlight.

It is. It is a full light.

It's a full working light. It is.

We've had a few accidents coming through and I've done this for over 75 years.

I'm 86 years young.

You started when you were 11 years old, 11 years old.

No need for school.

You know what you're doing when you're born into my family.

Sure.

So you were born in the 30s or so and you started this in the 40s.

That's right.

So during World War Two, were you there to making sure that our American ships didn't crash into the coast of Maine?

I did my best to do so.

It wasn't always working.

You said you had some accidents.

We had accidents where ships would come in and they wouldn't be able to see my light and they would crash and people would burn and everybody burn would buy these oil tankers.

No, we'll see.

This is the problem.

Every once in a while, we would see a ship crash and there would be so much.

We would try to light it up on fire.

In order for them to see what there's a rule they crashed into.

No, there's a rule in lighthouse keeping when the first boat comes in, if it does crash, light it on fire and it stops the other boats in the fleet from coming in and crashing.

Unfortunately, hmm.

That's yeah.

In 1946, we had a fleet just coming by, you know, as they do.

They they would they would go up the coast of Maine through the Arctic and then down past the the reverse Panama Canal.

We all know. Yeah, that's what it's called.

The reverse Panama Canal.

Sure. One boat caught on fire because I lit the first one on fire as it banged against the rocks.

Yeah, when you say caught on fire, you lit it on fire, right?

You caught on fire.

Well, with a small can of oil, a couple of rags, a couple of dirty, oily rags that you had dirty, oily rags.

Why are you keeping these in your two story lighthouse?

In case you had to light that first one on fire.

We ended up burning the entire the entire fleet.

Oh, no, the entire fleet.

The entire fleet went down.

I didn't read about this in the World War Two history book.

Zach, have you read about any of this?

No, I didn't know any of this stuff.

You didn't know any of that.

Well, they kept it quiet.

Thinking to myself, God, I wish if we had cast Gordie that had that has I worked on a big job.

Three. I would have done a great job in your movie.

By the way, good luck.

Better than the three we had. Yeah.

So Gordie, you horrible, horrible.

You lit you lit up, started a streak and a streak, a streak of horrible accidents as a house, a lighthouse keeper where we've never been able to lead a boat in.

No boat has no boat has ever.

Wait. So so you're not protecting boats because every single boat that has come through, unfortunately, and past your lighthouse has burnt to a crisp.

Unfortunately, that's the way it's sort of gone.

Not because of our effort.

We try to get the boats in, but we have I would say we have a horrible streak.

Well, it sounds like not.

Despite those efforts of trying to get them in, you're actively burning them.

Well, it has become something where my brothers and I, we we now want to keep the streak going just.

Well, you wait. First of all, you work with your brothers.

Yes, all my brothers.

OK, but you're now you want to keep the streak going of ships that have crashed?

Yeah, I it makes 100% success rate.

Yes. Do you have a little thing on your wall that says days since a ship crashed?

Zero, zero days, zero days since we don't write.

We write it in chalk on the inside of the lighthouse. Right.

But I'll tell you what, me and my brothers.

Can I introduce you to my brothers? Yes.

They're not here, but I'd love to tell you.

I told them I'd give them a shout out because we were all we've all been born.

Well, you're 86 and you are giving shout outs to people and you're promising shout outs.

Well, some of that some of that, even people that are 86, they know that language now.

Oh, OK. Yeah, sure.

You got to keep up.

You're born on the same day as them, like in the same year.

No, some of us in the same year.

So your mother and father like to have sex on one precise day.

Which day was that?

That well, and I've never asked.

It's not polite to ask, but I'll take a guess.

Yeah, well, because, yeah, I have to do a little bit of math.

OK, when was you and your brother's birthdays?

Oh, today. Today?

Yeah, September 16th.

Happy birthday.

So it sounds like you and I sing you a little song.

I'd love to. Yeah, sure.

Can we have a little song?

Yeah, baby.

Oh dear. It's your number one day.

It's your number one birthday.

You're turning older.

You can't look back now.

It's over.

A very good song.

Can't turn back.

I mean, I suppose it's true, though.

You can't look back.

So it sounds to me like your mother and father like to have sex on either Christmas Eve or Christmas Day.

Well, exclusively, it could have been.

But again, I've never asked.

But probably sometime around that.

Would you ever grow up, celebrate the holidays on Christmas Eve?

Would they send you to bed early and say, hey, you know, you want to get to sleep because Santa's going to come?

Sometimes they would say that they'd say, and then it's going to come.

Would you hear, you know, mysterious noises on the second floor of the lighthouse?

And I hear my dad say Santa's going to come.

Santa's going to come.

And he did.

Santa did come. You'd have presents next day that, oh, we'd have presents the next day for sure.

We each got one present, one present always related to the ocean.

Oh, OK. Like what did you get?

We could get a dinghy.

Dinghy. That's the first thing that I was thinking of, too.

A dinghy. Yeah.

Or or an or an or.

Oh, OK. I thought you were saying or.

Yeah. OK. No.

So so and or or and slash.

Oh, a paddle.

Get a dinghy. A dinghy or a dinghy or the thing that you dinghy comma or or an or. Oh, OK.

You're very confusing.

A dinghy or an or a dinghy or an or. OK.

That was those were the two presents you would get. That's right.

So when you collected a set after two presents of those oars.

Well, what's a set?

You're telling me you can only have two with a dinghy?

Well, I yeah.

Well, that's any more than that is kind of worthless.

Well, not if you have the amount of family I have.

OK, so you'd all fit in the dinghy.

What are you looking at on your phone?

What are you possibly you are they more notes?

Like all of our guests are on their phones constantly.

Character. I'm getting my texts from my family right now.

OK, you want to you want to shout out your brothers?

Go just very quickly.

And my mother, Bessie.

She's alive. My mother.

She wanted a shout out. Shoot.

You're 86. You're 86.

Hundred six. God bless her.

She is still alive and she still moves around.

She's a firecracker.

She's a goddamn firecracker.

My father, he's always the lighthouse.

God rest his soul.

He's passed away.

He's with us. Oh, you just want God to rest his soul in particular.

He was a son of a bitch.

Son of a bitch.

He's got a shiftless soul.

He was abusive beyond what you could ever imagine.

Not physically. Oh, mentally.

No. Oh, in what way then?

Uh, graffiti artists.

Hit us.

That's physically.

Oh, my brothers David Richard Buster, Cleve, Doc Hal, Ethan, Ellie, Hoke.

Is that one person?

Junior Arcy Coy.

That's one.

And Curly Lawrence, Douglas, Benjamin, Lonnie, Mac, Obie, Benny, Buck Buddy, Ollie Puffin, Bonad, and Jill, my sister.

Jill. OK, Jill.

Jill, my sister.

God bless them all and God rest all their souls.

Oh, OK. But they're all still with us.

No, they all died.

Wait, who's dead?

Your mom is still with us.

Mom and Dad are alive.

Who's dead?

Of those people, which names are dead?

Wow.

Bessie is alive.

Bessie's alive.

Jill is alive.

Jill's alive.

Yes.

Mom and Dad, alive.

No, my father has passed.

Your father's passed.

Not dead.

What about Junior Arcy Coy?

My you didn't let me finish my father.

My father, my father has passed.

Past what?

On past the corn.

Past the thank you.

My father has passed the corn so many times that he has a problem.

He has a problem with his arms.

OK, does he have Popeye muscles on that forearm?

He has Popeye forearms.

You know that.

But it's not as good as you think.

Everybody thinks having Popeye.

Oh, that's the dream is a dream.

When I go into a gym and I sign up, I'm like, I want Popeye forearms.

He's embarrassed.

Only he's a foolish, foolish, foolish man.

But still, regardless of life or death, a shout out to them all.

What's up, motherfuckers?

Oh, dear.

That kind of language from an 86 year old.

You try to keep up.

Yeah, you try to keep up.

But I am out here on the West Coast.

Are you worried that the ships that pass the lighthouse while you're away are not going to crash and burn?

I am worried because you can tell there's not that many people to watch.

I mean, it's really quite frankly, I don't know who's alive, who's dead.

You're very unclear with all that information.

It's hard to know.

It's it's hard to know.

But hopefully, hopefully those boats will crash.

It's a time of year where you're not getting a lot of boats coming by.

So September.

I guess this seems like prime boating season.

Not a nautical vacation.

Wait, said September.

Most boats take most boats take the month of September.

They do. Is it back to school?

Thank you very much, Zach.

Well, what a fascinating person you are, Gordy.

Thank you. Thank you.

And I'll tell you this.

I'd love to invite you to come back to my lighthouse sometime.

I'm heading back probably within the next probably 48 hours.

I'll hop upon, hop about my skip.

Wait, just to be clear, you think he's a very fascinating person.

And me with my devil nose, long tie dye hair.

Well, I think Rockstar identity.

See, here's the here's the thing.

Clint, a.k.a. Jody.

Yeah. Interestingness comes from within.

You can't just change your appearance like this and change your name and pretend to be a rock star and have, you know, have it.

Have the interview be interesting.

But so if my desire is to change into all of that and I came up with all of that for me, isn't that fascinating? Not really.

Doesn't that imply that I've got an imagination greater than an inch of your hair?

Your imagination extended to watching one, maybe two Austin Powers movies, certainly not gold member.

You think I've never seen gold member?

I don't think you've seen gold member.

Yeah, I didn't think so.

Starring me, by the way.

Yeah, I saw your clip online.

Oh, you know, thank you very much.

I think you're a very, very handsome man.

You think I'm a handsome man?

A handsome man, I'd say.

Really? You downed a clown in my little bed.

I've been saying it.

Well, I suppose I could do that.

I'll let you know I'm not great at it.

You're not good at sex?

No. You come from Maine, America's erect penis.

I've got very specific requests.

Did you just call Maine America's penis?

Erect penis because Florida is America's droopy dong.

Oh, always willing to go.

And I will prove it.

I'll go to Ikea and I'll I'll push right in.

Look, if you guys are willing to go to Ikea and have sex in front of all the strangers who pass through there, we're willing to pay for it.

Can I describe sex and make sure we're talking about the same thing?

Yeah, I think I know what it is, but go ahead.

I'm going to push right at the same time.

All right. You push your nose right into my butt and then the cheese.

But cheeks, cheeks, not cheeks.

So you think you're licking trees?

No, I thought you were looking cheese.

Oh, OK. And you thought it was cheeks.

OK, interesting.

Well, you you both have two different ideas of sex, but hopefully you can come together in the middle and sounds like it'll lick a cheesy Santa's coming.

All right. Yeah.

Well, are you only willing to do this on Christmas Eve or?

Well, in tradition of my family. Yeah.

OK, will you please? Christmas Eve were closed.

Oh, no. Well, that seems that seems like it's better for you.

You could do it in private.

I don't know how to open the door.

Ikea's closed. Yes.

It seems like on Christmas Eve, they would be open somewhat AF.

I'll find out. OK, so you said very authoritatively.

I thought for sure.

OK, look, we need to go to a break.

But when we come back, we're going to have an educator.

This is very exciting.

Oh, my gosh. You like people who are teachers of young minds?

If they if the third guest is anything like the other two, I'm very, very glad I stayed. All right.

We'll be right back with more comedy bang bang after this comedy bang bang. We're back here.

Zach Alifianakis between two ferns.

The movie comes out this Friday.

And any anything you want to say about the movie, Zach, to encourage people to watch it, make sure you know your passcodes.

Sure. To all of them.

Not just Netflix. Make sure you know all of them and sit down, watch it without, you know, going to the bathroom.

Where do you think people should keep their Netflix passcodes in a in a place where it's easily accessible?

All my passcodes in my glove compartment, my car.

You know, OK, and what are you driving? What's your license plate number?

Do you really want to know it? Yeah.

I'd love to know it.

Why I bought a used car. It's Ashton one.

Was it Ashton Kutcher's car?

Yeah, I bought his.

You know who Ashton Kutcher is? Does he come to the IKEA?

He's on another swinging 70s kind of thing.

Oh, wait. Is your thing 70s and swinging?

I mean, I know the swinging part of it because of Austin Powers.

That was the 60s, though.

I flew right into the 70s.

Ashton knows a lot about it.

All right. Anyway, no, no, no.

We're here with with Jodie Warehouse and.

Stop calling me that.

I'm sorry, I don't mean to call you a name you don't want to be known as.

As you say, though, your accent has improved over the last five minutes.

Sometimes practice makes perfect.

Oh, got worse.

And we also have Ichabod Gordy Bradbury, a.k.a.

who runs a two story lighthouse that sets boats on fire in Maine.

13 feet tall. Safety first. 13 feet tall.

So you're on the roof.

No. When you say you're in 14 feet.

No, inside. It's not how a lighthouse works.

I know. But previously you said you were 16 feet above the ground.

13 feet. Did I say 16? You certainly did. Yes.

Well, that's what I meant.

16 feet above the ground.

Well, we need to get to our next guest, an educator. This is exciting.

Please welcome to the show the Artful Dodger.

Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I'm the Artful Dodger.

Oh, no, I like this person.

I. Oh, no.

Maybe. Maybe you were thinking of the Artful Dodger that's from England, but no, I'm not him anymore.

Oh, OK. I'm a different Artful Dodger.

I'm a totally different Artful Dodger because, you know, like once they hear that accent twice in one interview. Oh, yeah.

You know, so like our producer could have coordinated that.

So, you know, like I am I'm I'm just a little boy.

Oh, you're a little boy.

I'm a little boy from the streets of Brooklyn.

I wonder what your accent would have been like and maybe would it have been more authentic to Scott?

Who knows who can say this?

Because you just are who you are.

I am who I am and I'm a little boy from Brooklyn.

I've been in the eighteen hundreds.

I've been in the 40s.

I've been I've been all over the place.

I'm the Artful Dodger.

They call me that because because I used to be a ball boy for the Brooklyn Dodgers and I did it so beautifully.

They started calling me the Artful Dodger.

And that's who I am. I'm an educator.

So are you? Let me get this straight.

Uh huh. You were a ball boy.

I was a ball boy for the Dodgers, which is why presumably they called you the Artful Dodger.

Exactly. But you dodged the balls so well that that's why they call you the Artful Dodger.

No, no, no, no, no, no, no.

I thought you were just artful.

I was in the way that you picked up.

I mean, I'm artful in everything I do like.

OK, so I do my street art along the streets of Brooklyn, like, you know, I do street art, you know, like into the spider verse like that.

But in the 40s, also the eighteen hundreds.

So I bring that I bring that to everything I do to the Dodger games, to to pick in pockets, to, you know, designing signature dresses.

I do everything. I'm the artful Dodger.

I don't quite know what you mean by the eighteen hundreds in the 40s.

I just mean I'm timeless.

Absolutely. Oh, I see.

You have you have an aesthetic that spans decades.

Absolutely. You know, you're seeing a little boy in one decade.

You've seen a minute more.

You know, I've been scrappy for all time.

How old of a boy are you?

Ah, you know, I'm I'm seven and I'm a hundred.

I'm a little bit everything.

You know, you're an old soul.

We can't exactly place you.

Everything. Everything I prepared is going to be new.

It's going to be different and it's going to be a surprise to me.

Do we? Oh, why do you say that you're an educator?

I say I'm an educator because, you know, as a jack of all trades, people ask me, hey, Dodger, hey, how how do I make a dress?

How do I pick a pocket?

How do I how do I become a ball boy for the Brooklyn Dodgers?

So they so they see your name, the Artful Dodger, which I presumably you know this.

The Artful Dodger was a character in the Dickens Oliver Twist, both in the book, in the movie that won Best Picture in, I believe, 1960 or 1962.

OK. Oh, you know a lot about this.

Oh, I know a lot about the British, the art.

Yeah, but we're not talking about him.

We're not talking about him. We're talking about me.

Did you get your nickname?

You got your nickname not from that, but people. It's a play on that.

Oh, yeah, certainly the Dodgers organization, when they nicknamed you, this new of the previous Artful Dodger was referential, but it is specific to me and my skills.

There's even an Artful Dodger in Clint screams.

You may know this. You say Clint?

No, it's a Clint.

You say Clint. Clint.

Can you say, Clint?

No, you know, sometimes Clint, is this trouble for you?

Sometimes when you see your name in capital letters, the the L and the I look like a U.

Are you allowed to swear on this?

Yeah, because you're talking about cunts.

I'm just saying that I actually have never seen my name written at all.

Because in the IKEA organization, they don't write those on the boxes.

It's usually Frost's garbage.

I live there.

Do you have a do you have a new one above the U or I guess it's an ally?

I've never written it in script form.

I actually never invented that word.

You invented the word cunt.

Well, you're oh, really? Oh, yeah.

It burns my ears to hear a little kid say that.

Oh, you're also 100 where I feel you're my elder.

Oh, yeah, I demand respect.

Also, you know, I have the charm of a child.

I've got a lot going for me.

Can I ask the Artful Dodger something? Yeah.

Yeah. Is there a year that you were born?

1792. Oh, fuck.

Yeah. OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK.

The jig is up. Oh, a faker.

Oh, we actually have a real British person.

Wait a minute. Wait, you were faking your accent.

I was faking being from I was faking being from New York, from New York.

I mean, I just I really am from England.

I can't help it.

It was bound to come out eventually.

Why were you why were you faking just like cunt over here?

We all you know, we come out here and we want to be we want to be somebody we were never able to be, you know, we want to we want to crawl out of an idea crib, this show, be more than we were born to be.

This show is not about that.

This show is the show where I talk to interesting people.

People don't need to put on airs.

They don't need to be anything other than what they are.

They just need to come on here and tell their truth.

Isn't that right, Zach? Exactly.

And I'm right, Gordie.

I appreciate your awful Dodger. I do, too.

And I don't know if that's your real name, but that is a legitimate British accent.

There is it is. It is the author, Dodger.

That is my name. The slight San Diego little to it.

But to you, the awful Dodger sounds like they're from London or England.

And to you, me sounds like I'm from Burbank putting on a fake accent.

Yes, that's exactly what we're saying.

Interesting. Did you really invent the word cunt?

I mean, I really did invent the word cunt and I really do pick pockets.

Gordie, are you familiar with that term?

Is that an old mane?

Well, in Maine, cunt means something different.

What is that? Part of a lobster?

A happy toy.

A happy toy or present is a cunt.

So on your birthday, you might receive you might receive a bunch of cunts, a dinghy or or or or a happy or a cunt.

OK, happy cunt.

In fact, I got these cunts for you guys.

Oh, look at these little happy trinkets from me.

Now, Gordie, yes, I've opened the cunt you gave me.

Do you enjoy your cunt?

And it's a flashlight.

That's a flashlight. Yeah, that's right.

Use it. Wrap it around your horn.

Stroke it up and down until you until you push white.

Yeah. Did you enjoy your cunt?

What did you get? Me?

What did you get, Zach? What's in there?

I got OK.

I got a nice gift. I got a I don't like that word.

What was in there?

There was a small, nice, happy toy that I got.

That's you can call it what it is.

Yeah, it's a little pushy.

It's a it's a pocket pussy.

It's a little pushy.

You vibrate it, put it against your parts until you push white.

That's why I killed you.

OK, I don't we don't need you to keep saying push white.

All right. Well, sorry for being scientific.

So Artful Dodger push white.

Yes, that's really a real expression.

Artful Dodger, you're a mythical.

I guess you're not a myth.

No, no, no, no.

Make them a more of a piece of fiction.

You're a fictional character that's come to life.

And I mean, I yeah, exactly.

Yeah, walks out on the pages of a book.

Is it sort of like the purple rose of Cairo where he walks?

Fuck that means. Oh, do you know Woody Allen?

No. And why would I want to if I did?

Why would you want to know?

Terrible. Everyone likes terrible people.

So you you walked out of the pages of a book.

Yes, through through the through the magic, through magic.

So not through some young boy's imagination or a wish that someone made or anything like that.

No, no. I willed myself off the pages of a book.

You willed yourself off?

Oh, yeah. I felt I was walking around, you know, talking to Fagin and all the other characters in the book.

You were doing this and you do it.

It must get boring for you to do the same thing over and over and over in so many English classes.

And I said, you know what? I want to be in the real world.

Right. You want to be in the modern day era?

Yeah, I want to pick.

Can you see from those real people?

Can you see from those books into our world and that and you were jealous of it?

Absolutely.

So you can see them anytime anyone opens a book, you can see the modern world.

When a page opens, I see that person and the entire life that they're living.

Oh, my gosh. So TVs have gotten, you know, so much flatter, haven't they?

So much thinner, so much thinner as time has gone on.

And phones, they got smaller and smaller and then they start getting bigger again.

When I started existing in phones, that was a real game changer.

Yeah, well, I bet.

You know, ebooks and audible dot com.

You ever read through that?

All my all my homes and Kindles are beautiful.

Right. Wow. So you must have just you wanted to be part of it.

I mean, the world is passing you by.

I'm a regular Ariel.

I had to be a part of it.

I had to be a part of your world.

Are you able to watch movies?

I watched so many movies.

So someone opens a book and then gets distracted and watches The Little Mermaid inevitably start watching a movie. Right.

Artful Dodger. So how do you like the world out there?

I think it's absolutely beautiful. Yeah.

I've really enjoyed my life out here.

I've got to meet a lot of wonderful characters that I never would have met otherwise, because, you know, they're not interesting enough to put in books, but they've got a lot of interesting enough to come on to this show.

They're like, but it's got their own stories or times worse now for blood or back.

Things are worse than ever. And I live through the plague.

Yeah.

Yeah. I mean, the everyone's lungs were blackened with coal back in your day.

And I piled bodies into wagons and I know that's not I think that was a summertime.

That's not part of the Artful Dodger experience that I've read about in those books.

You were you were piling bodies. Oh, yeah.

The wagon. Oh, yeah.

Even if it was deleted from the book, you know, that was typed somewhere because it was a typewriter. That was a cut scene.

Yeah. But, you know, I piled a lot of boys because there's a, you know, bodies got wallets and I'm here to pick them.

OK, so is it easier to take a wallet off of a dead body than a live body?

I think it's easier. They they they complain less.

Certainly. They notice less.

Certainly. So they smell more about the same, you know, the same way.

Don't pay the lot.

We don't I guess back in the day. Yeah.

That's why people wore all those clothes.

If you look at someone in Dickensian times, they're wearing all that tweed and all those layers, and it's purely because of the stench.

Yeah. Apples in our armpits. That's real. Yeah.

How did people have sex or push white as Ichabod Gordy Redberry?

So if everyone smelled so bad back then, it's awful.

Blowjobs are the worst.

Oh, I can only imagine, you know, you know, you got it.

You got to do what you got to do if you can't pick a pocket.

And I'll tell you, that's work. That's real work.

Yeah, I mean, that's where the stinky stuff comes from.

Oh, you hope that they don't push white, but you know, better than pushing yellow.

If they don't, then you haven't done your job.

And this is the kind of humor you can find on the between two for the movie.

In case what was the wondering, what was he you were saying about improv actors before how much better they are than stand ups?

Well, look, we're running out of time.

We just have one final feature on the show.

That's a little something called plugs.

Do you have some plugs?

Is there something you can tell me?

Is there a show somewhere in place that I get to be?

I just want some.

Oh, very ominous chord to end on.

That was Tell Me by Dead and the Ox Scotterman.

Thank you so much for dead to dead and the Ox Scotterman for that plug scene.

All right. So what do we plug in, Zach?

Obviously, between two ferns, the movie this Friday, Netflix.

How's it feel to be part of the Netflix family?

You and Stranger Things. Yeah.

Good. You're even stranger than the stranger.

Good cast. I really like those like hanging out with all the Netflix actors.

Yeah, because, yeah, every day we would all meet up for lunch in the cafeteria.

It's a close, close group of, you know, wonderful working together.

Just the OA cast.

So sad to see them go, but they were canceled. I don't know if they did you hear that about the OA?

Our friends in the OA? What's the OA?

That's our friends that we would see every day.

I don't know that show. OK, well, anything else going on, Zach?

I'll be promoting the between two ferns.

Yeah. Look out for some great promotion this week.

Be a lot of promotion. Great.

Clint? I want to say thank you for this platform, which has been so thrilling to be on.

I feel I've grown and learned a lot. And yeah, I want you to follow Lauren Lapkus on Instagram and Twitter and see what she wants you to see on there.

Yeah, she curated very tightly and she only she only shows you what she wants you to see on there.

You think you know, but you have occasionally think she's going to slip up and show you something you want to see.

But no, it's just the things she wants you to see. Exactly.

Yeah.

So check that out. I respect and admire that. And also, I wanted to plug my hair. My hair.

Your long rainbow afro.

When you look out, it's not an afro.

Sorry. Yeah, I was getting you confused with the John three 16 guy.

What? Yeah, I get that. I get it. Bible.

Yeah, John from the Bible from John three 16. Yeah.

Yeah, with the rainbow.

He wrote John three 16, John three 17, John three 18.

Oh, well, I can ask nothing.

Jody warehouse. Do we know anything about Jody?

Anything to plug?

Yeah, I guess I have to speak.

I would like to plug the cafe at Ikea.

Yeah, some good meatballs.

There are really, really great people.

And three times a day you're there.

I would imagine I on a good day.

Yeah, those hot dogs.

Yeah. Mm hmm.

I have ice cream for dessert.

Nice, fresh pop.

Yeah, anything pop.

You don't sound like you were born in Burbank.

You're saying pop.

I think it's kitschy to say pop.

Oh, OK. OK.

I go, I go, no, stay.

It could buy Gordie Bradbury. What are you plugging?

Oh, check out one of my favorites.

Right. Go.

Right. Go on Instagram.

He'll post once and every once in a while, teach us something and check him out at the groundlings and starting in October on the weekends.

That's Friday and Saturdays, eight and 10 o'clock.

Sounds like the main company.

Have some fun. He's in the main company.

It's what a talented man.

I wish I was around more to see him.

Well, you're only here 48 hours, but I'm out of here.

But you guys can go.

Yeah, we maybe you should give him your pushing white joke.

That's a good one.

He probably uses that.

Probably actually a go to imagine.

Imagine Artful Dodger.

Anything to plug?

You can check out the Artful Dodger on Instagram at Giovanni Jia Vani.

You can also check out Giovanni at UCB theater in the shows Baby Wants Candy and Shamilton and Between Two Fans.

We we we I want to plug between two friends, but also we have some tour dates coming up this Thursday.

We have a live freedom in Toronto, part of Just for Laughs Toronto.

We're also showing the Between Two Friends movie in Toronto this Friday.

And Lauren Lapkus and I are doing a talk back after it.

And we have a comedy bang bang that night featuring Paul F. Tompkins, Lauren Lapkus, myself and some other special guests.

So that'll be really great.

And then come out and see us in October.

We are in Portland, Oregon, on October 23rd.

Two shows October 24th in Seattle, Washington, October 25th in Vancouver.

That's with Paul F. Lauren, myself and Andy Daley.

And then in November, November 8th, we're part of the New York Comedy Festival and November 11th, Philadelphia, November 12th in Washington, D.C..

All right. Let's close up the old plug bag.

Wait, one more. One more. What do you got? What do you got?

I just wanted to plug Wild Horse is a density typewriter on September 29th with Leisha Haley from The L Word as our guest.

And I'm really excited. Oh, I got one more, too.

I wrote something in Marvel Comics 1001, which comes out either this Wednesday or next Wednesday. I can't remember, but I got to do a story in that.

So very happy to be part of that.

All right. Let's close up the old plug bag.

Close your eyes and open up that bag.

You got to get those eyes closed. Yeah.

Open up that bag. Yeah, get them. Get them.

Don't be closing. Don't be closing. Open up that bag.

Let's get loaded. Let's get loaded.

Open up that bag. Open up that bag.

Open up that bag. Good.

Good.

Those are great songs.

Yeah, that is pretty good.

What do you want to say about it, Zach?

That's a really good song. There we go.

We've added on to it. Very good.

You genuinely during while you were listening to you were saying, this is really good. I'm going to take it.

I'm taking it with me in my car.

Go with. Oh, OK, great.

Yeah, I'll give you the MP3.

Guys, I want to thank you so much for being on the show.

Zach, always great to see you.

Is it? Yeah, it is.

OK, it really is.

Nice to see Clint.

I'll call you Clint one last time.

You will. I'm joking.

Oh, my God. Are you all right?

Oh, no, actually die.

Too much of that soft serve ice cream.

I'll miss you.

Is this the character being killed?

You don't even remember his name.

It's Gordy, of course.

Do you call me Semen?

Oh, too much Semen.

Oh, no.

I and Artful Dodger.

Great to meet you.

Wonderful to meet you.

If you ever go back in that book, are you able to go into other books?

Oh, yeah. Any book you want?

Yeah. Yeah. Really?

I love.

What about the novelization of Superman two?

No, no, no, not often.

But I love I love Hunger Games.

Hunger. Oh, man.

Do you ever get killed in Hunger Games?

I kill so many.

If you die in a book, do you die in real life?

OK, interesting.

We'll have to follow that up next time you're here.

All right. We'll be right.

Well, we're not going to be right back.

We'll see you next time.

Thanks. Bye.

No, no, no.

Yeah.

♫ Heroes ♫ you Thank you.
