---
layout: page
title: 620. D'Arcy Carden, Anthony King, John Gemberling [https：⧸⧸cloudfront.wolfpub.io⧸CBB-620-20190826-CardenGemberling-SKv02-PW.mp3].mp3.wav
category: cbb 
---

♪ Comedy Bang Bang ♪ Piggledy Piggledy, Gristlin' Guts, Can't Stop Killin', I Love It Too Much, Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

Ooh, chilling.

Uh, thanks to Little Katie Foo Foo for that catchphrase submission.

Thanks, uh, from the der- deranged mind of Little Katie Foo Hoo.

Oh boy.

Uh, welcome to Comedy Bang Bang for another week, and I'm your host Scott Aukerman.

We have a great show coming up a little later. We have a mayor, uh, and we also have, uh, an- an expert in a field which is very, very unique, I must say.

So, uh, that will be a good, uh, uh, later on, uh, part of the show. But, uh, before we get to that, let's, uh, this is exciting.

Fall TV season premieres are truly, truly happening this week, and, uh, Thursday is no exception when one of the best shows on television comes back to the national broadcast.

Corpa-compa? Corpa-compa? Compa-company?

Corpa-compa.

Corpa-compa!

Uh, The Good Place returns, uh, this Thursday, September 26th to national broadcast Corpa-compa.

And, uh, we have one of the stars of The Good Place on the show right now. She, uh, plays the titular Janet.

Who is not in the title, I know, but she should be. It should be Janet's Good Place, in my opinion, uh, because that's how important she is to the show.

Uh, she, you know her from Barry, you know her from Comedy Bang Bang, the television show as well! I mean, let us tarry no further with this introduction. Let's just talk to her.

Please welcome to the show Darcy Carden. How are you?

Hello, how are you? No, I asked you.

Do you re- are you really interested in how I am?

I don't know. Is it good?

It's pretty good.

Okay, then yeah.

I'm really good! How are you though?

I'm good, I'm good. I'm excited for that show to come out.

It's a great season of television.

Yeah, what, uh, what are we talking about? The fourth season of, uh, of The Good Place?

Fourth and final.

Fourth and final. And now, uh, how do they break it to everybody that it's the final season and you're no longer getting paid?

I know, the paid- Do they ask you to get your business managers on the phone?

How does that conversation go?

No, you don't think about that part of it.

That part? Really?

I mean, you do, but you don't talk about that part.

You don't talk about it? Okay, but that was the first thing that came up to your mind. Like, what did you buy recently that you were like, uh oh?

Truly, that's a great point. Um, shit, I gotta return it.

Um, no, no, no, we'll be fine.

Yeah, yeah. Oh boy.

Well, I did just start sweating though. No, they, they said, uh, Mike Schur, the creator, said, um, it's gonna be the last season. He always said- What did he do? Did he gather everyone? Did he just go around personally? Did he like email it?

Oh, this time it's personal.

This time it was personal.

Okay.

Yeah. And, uh, um, but he told us like, you know, in October we started shooting in April. So I've known for almost a year.

Okay. So you've, so when you think about this announcement, were you like, do you relate it to Halloween because it was October? Like, is it spooky to you?

Were you in costume when he told you this? Was he in costume?

No, he wasn't in costume. I, um, I got the phone call when I was staying with my parents for the weekend. So it was like- Where, and where are your parents? Are they up in Northern California still? Okay. Where, what is the town you grew up in again?

I grew up in a town called Danville.

Danville.

They live in a town called Walnut Creek and I'll give you the address off air.

Oh, okay. I would love to go visit them.

Thank you. Yeah.

Talk about what a wonderful person you are.

They would love to hear it. I tell them a lot.

If they got a knock on the door from an acquaintance of yours who just wanted to say, I really like Darcy. I just wanted to tell you that. Would they welcome that or would they go, that is a weird encounter that we just had.

My dad would be like, great. No, my dad would welcome it.

My mom would be like, um, she would not talk to you.

Okay.

But my dad would not- Who'd you know?

I don't think my dad would even think it was weird at all.

Okay. Well, I'm great with dads.

Yeah. Dads rock.

Yeah.

Moms are great too.

Mom, hey, moms rock as well.

Moms rock, dads rock.

That is so true. Um, I- So you were visiting them.

Yeah. And I, and I- Were you staying in your old room?

I wasn't. They have a new place.

They have a new place.

So I was staying on the goddamn couch.

Uh oh. So you had, this is a couch call.

This is a couch call.

Oh, the indignity.

I know. He should have known, right?

You're on a couch. You're being told you're no longer going to make any money.

Ever again.

Oh my gosh.

I know. Um, but you know, he always said it was going to be four or five seasons. I just never believed him.

Yeah. You thought it would be the five.

I thought it would be the five or the six for Pete's sake.

Oh boy. Six seasons and a movie. What about that?

What about it? I don't really know what that is.

Yeah. Okay.

It's something people say.

It was something that the national broadcasting Copacao, uh, uh, previous show called Community will sort of establish that that was their goal. Six seasons and a movie. I think they got to five or maybe six. I don't, I don't recall.

And no movie.

And no movie. Yes.

The night is young.

The, it certainly let's get, let's make this ourselves.

Yeah.

What do you say?

The community, uh, movie.

Yeah.

Oh, okay.

I'll play Ken Jeong.

And I will play the girl.

The girl.

Wait, let me just think.

With Ken Jeong and the girl.

Um, we got ourselves, yeah, I can think of all three girls.

Yes, of course you can. Who can't? Why? But let's not even discuss it.

Let's stop.

So you're, so he says, look, I'm going to err on the side of four seasons.

Yeah. We did say that.

We got to get GTFO of this, of this show.

Um, and, uh, uh, you take some time with that.

You wrestle with it personally.

Yeah.

Uh, and then you say, you know what?

Let's make this the best season of all.

That is exactly kind of how it went, friend.

I was, I was like, I took it like this.

Yes, I agree. Good decision. Uh huh.

I support you.

And then like over the next couple of days, I sort of, my heart broke and I became very sad.

Why does a man get to tell us how long shows should run?

Wow. You know what? Yes.

My point, right?

You know what? Actually, yes. I mean, I meant to say yes.

They should have pulled all the women and I'm not talking, you know, people with numbers on the call sheet, even I'm talking below the line.

I'm talking all department heads.

Uh, talk to the women about this decision.

Talk to the women.

That's exactly what I'm saying.

Exactly. So now you play, you play Janet on this show, who is the, uh, an AI of sorts, which I saw that movie with Haley Joel Osment, AI of sorts.

And it, uh, so it told me pretty much everything I need to know about your character, right?

Yeah, that movie.

Yeah.

By the way, I love that movie. I think people don't.

Do people? Do you?

It's very, I will say, okay, so I got a Blu-ray player and a new TV and a sound system about five, five years ago. Right.

And I was, I wanted to test it out. I wanted to say, and so I'm looking through my Blu-ray collection, trying to see like, okay, what is like a good looking movie that would with good sound, that would be good to test this out.

So I put on AI and I'm like, I can't just start at the beginning.

Let me just do it somewhere in the middle.

And, uh, it was around the time that, that the parents are no spoilers, but there's, I think the parents are like giving up on the kid or the kid is, and, and it was only on for five minutes. I'm here trying to test my big bitchin sound system.

And it's this heartbreaking scene and cool up was like, why did you put on this movie?

What is good? And she'd never seen it.

Oh yeah. It's a real heartbreak.

It is sad, but that doesn't mean it's bad Scott. Jesus.

Okay. You're right. You're right. Um, but, uh, you, you played Janet who is, uh, uh, did she start as kind of a supporting character and then grew and then they, they enjoyed working with you so much or was the plan always to be as involved in the show as you were?

I don't know, but wouldn't it be funny if I just answered, what if I was like, yeah, they did enjoy working with me. I was only supposed to have one line and then they were going to murder me. I guess I was great.

You see these stories all the time where it's like, like the dude from Barry, uh, what's his name? Who plays, uh, is Anthony. Yeah. Like I just read a profile on him the other day and it was like, Oh yeah, I was supposed to be killed in the first episode, but they loved me too much.

You got to start saying that in interviews. I will. I will.

I will. That's a great quote.

That's a great, I will start saying that. It really is.

I was supposed to just have one line, but I wowed the pants off of them and here I am four seasons in a movie later. What does that happen on the shield? Like the guy who gets shot in the head and a spoiler, by the way, who gets shot in the head at the end of the first episode, they just really enjoyed working with him.

And so they're like, you know what, they're not going to kill him. Right. I mean, wait, that changed the course of the whole show.

That did kind of happen in Barry, right? Because no, no Hank does get shot in the first, at the end of the first episode. Yes. No spoilers. No spoiler. But if you haven't seen it, what the fuck are you doing with your lives? Borrow your parents' HBO Go account, whatever you need to do. You got to watch it. Exactly. But, um, yeah. So I, it did, it did seem like the character of Janet grew a little bit, but I, I truly don't know if that was like the plan or what, but they didn't map out the first season for you. They, yeah. In advance, did they? They didn't know. So you just were reading the scripts as they came. Now, do they come to you and say, all right, here's what's going on with Janet in the fourth season.

This is going to take a little bit of a forethought for you.

That's right. Before. Yeah. The first season was all a surprise. And then second, third and fourth season. Were they literally surprising you with the scripts? Were they like, they literally like in the middle of the night, suddenly the lights come on. They're like, surprise! Read!

Um, almost, no. Was it? Kind of.

Great. We would get, um, we would get an S script in our email inbox. You see, Oh, the surprise of the computer. That's right. Ding. You've got mail, for example. Yes. And great movie. I would love to see you in a remake of that.

Oh, I would love to be in one. You know what I mean? Like what's like books, which are going out of style the same way that books were back in the nineties. Podcasts. Podcasts. Yes. So you're like, uh, you have a quaint little podcast studio and then Earwolf comes along and tries to put you out of business. Yeah. Let's make that.

Yeah. Let's do it. Me and Tom Hanks. Yeah. It would have Tom Hanks as well. You know, what I really liked was Dave Chappelle was his best friend somehow. That checked out. That's like, casting directors going crazy. Hey, Dave Chappelle's hot.

Let's put him as the best friend of Tom Hanks. Has this been said a million times before and please cut it out if it has.

Okay. Here we go. Okay. So the name of the movie is you've got mail, but what happens when the AOL guy said that you had mail, he said. You have mail, you have mail. So what the fuck is you've got mail? No, he goes, you have mail. Can you picture it?

You've got me. Somebody's shaking your head. No guys. I'm pretty sure the titular you've got mail. I know I'm almost positive.

I'm almost positive. I don't mean to mansplain or white splain, whatever I am.

Wait, tall splain. Um, I, but I have such a strong feeling that I'm right, but the shaking of heads, I got in the studio. I believe the entire office everywhere.

People have heard this.

Yeah. The window, like, like it was, it could be though.

You could be incredibly correct on this. I really don't know. And we have, give it a goog.

I think he went, you, Oh shit. You're right. You just said it. You placed yourself in the mind of the character and then said it exactly. Well, we'll change all that for our version. Cut that out if it didn't make sense. How exciting. Don't make me a fool, Scott. How exciting did that used to be when you'd hear those words? You got mail. Now it's like everyone constantly mailing, leave me alone. I want some time on my own without my screen, without a dinging.

So what, tell us about the good place. What is going on with, uh, with this season? It starts this year now, uh, catch us at, well, I guess, uh, if people haven't seen it, the characters were in a quandary at the end of the season.

It is, this is a weird one, right?

Cause it's only four seasons or I mean, there's only three seasons out. People should be able to watch it's real quick. Nine episodes of television. It's just, it's like, if you want to watch it, just watch it. And they're all up on Netflix. I think is where I got it. Just watch it. Start it tonight. Yeah. Just right after we're done with this PC podcast. Right. You just, and it is a PC podcast. That's what it's known for. Just start watching it.

I mean, I would tell, I could catch you up on what it's about, but it would spoil almost every, every step of the way. It's actually one of those television shows where the plot is very important and every episode advances that plot in unique and surprising ways. And it would be a bummer to sort of, if you knew a couple of big things, you would be like, all right. So like, for example, when six cents came out. Yeah. Let me take that again. With, uh, with, uh, our good friend Haley Joel, who also was in AI. Can't stop talking about that. Yeah. Um, I, my dad saw my dad.

Remember we were talking about him earlier.

He saw the movie and friendly conversationalist, your father, my dad, Dennis. And he, uh, he told me that the movie was great. And I said, I promise I'm never going to see it. It looks too scary.

And then he was like, okay, then let me tell you all about it. And he told me the big twist. I mean, the big twist, the biggest twist. I mean, there are several twists in that movie, but the big one, the one that we all refer to when we talk about twists and every, in every movie ever, it's always that it's the quintessential twist. The twist.

Exactly. So does that happen in good place? Yeah. Yeah. You're all dead and ghosts. I kind of. I don't know.

Shit. Now I did spoil it. We're all dead and ghosts. Um, but anyway, the season season four is great. Um, Oh man, is it so good. It's so good. You've already completed filming.

You've done, have you done all your looping all your ADR?

You know what? I've still got some looping and I've still got some ADR. Thank you for asking. Keep us abreast of how that goes.

Will you come back next week and let us know how many more sessions you have? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.

Um, but you've seen some of the episodes or do you not get to watch them until they're up?

We watched them a little bit early and I've watched the pilot. Nope. I always say pilot.

That's not what it's called. The very first episode of the premiere. And I love it.

You love it. Okay. We got some fun guest stars this season.

Who's guesting. Can you say no.

Adam Scott back. He's very tight-lipped when it comes to that show. He doesn't like to talk about it. I don't even know if I can say. Yeah. I'll tell you after. I'll tell you after. He is though.

He's not. If you couldn't say, if you can't say, we know he's, he is. Yeah, of course. No, he's not.

Um, is Helen Mirren. Not this season. Okay. Okay. All right.

So that means no, never.

But, um, we do have some great wins. Last season we had great ones. Oh, great ones. What'd you think I said? Great Winslets. Kate for instance. Great Winslets.

Great Winslets.

Great Winslets. Season. Um, yeah. Great. It's it's a great show. People should catch up to it.

People should watch it, uh, this Thursday and every Thursday thereafter for 13 subsequent weeks or 12, maybe 14 or maybe 14. Oh, dang. Is this exclusive? That's exclusive. 14 episodes.

I think so. Yeah. Oh, yeah. Was it just, they had a lot of like bloopers that they strung together for an episode? We didn't just a lot of story. You gotta, you gotta get through that story. Yeah. You gotta. Was it, were they just like, I can't wrap this up in 13. That's it.

Wow. I know. And the national broadcasting Koopa-Kapa said, we like you, Mike. Sure. And you can do that. So they paid for a 14th or, or did they just say you got to cobble it together out of the budget for the 13? I don't know the answer to that, but I think, I think money was involved. I think they were okay on the money front. I want these answers. I know. I wish you call it. Mike. Sure. Give him a call. He's so comfortable calling you when you're on a couch.

Um, but, um, uh, Oh, what was I just about to go back to some great Winslets? I can't remember what it was. Hmm. So great guest stars. Yeah. Yeah. I was going to name a couple, but then I thought, I'm not allowed to, but I will tell you personally, like me will try to trick you on air and to giving some of these out and you have to build up your defenses when it comes to this. Yeah. Um, but for those of you listening to this podcast in your ears right now, if you haven't watched the show and you think it looks like a cheesy broadcast or, um, um, what's it called network? You like bright, colorful, sweetie show. I say, just give it, give it some episodes underbelly with that lies beneath the surface. That's true. Yeah. Give it a bunch of episodes. They're like 20 minutes. It's like a fricking web series. Just do it. It's like 21, maybe 21 and a half, something like that. It's a breeze. You're going to eat a burrito in the time that it takes to watch an episode. Exactly. Uh, the good place comes out.

You're also on Barry. Can we talk about Barry at all? Because when does that come back? Well, it's going to be a minute.

Yeah. It'll be a while. Yeah. Right. I HBO takes their sweet ass time. Don't they? Yeah. Is it HBO or is it hater? I think it's, I think it's both. I mean, so yeah, it's a little bit of both. Yeah.

It takes a long time to write. It takes a long time to write. They're just getting started on that right now. So we'll probably start shooting that in the winter winter. Yeah. I forgot what season we were in winter. We're currently in the fall. Of course. Of course. The leaves have all fallen of course. And, uh, the autumn chills. Oh, the oranges and the brown. Oh my goodness.

Yes. Uh, any other incredible, uh, award worthy television shows that you decided to go on to or can you save some for the rest of us? Well, there's, there's a lot to go around.

There's a lot of television. I have not found that to be true in my own acting career.

Approximately three episodes of I'm sorry in 2019. That's something, that's not nothing. It's not a, yeah, some would say like leave two of those on the table for us, you know, but unfortunately I was playing the same character. Okay. Yeah. Who had a bit of an arc, you know, but, uh, uh, I always find that you and Kirby who was on recently, like you guys are on like every good show. Well, Kirby's on the, I mean, she's, she was one of the people I was going to mention. She, she's on the good place. She's on the good place this season. Yeah. Playing the, uh, the same doctor character character about a show with her Kirby, your enthusiasm.

Ooh. Is that something, is that anything? It's not, no, it's not. Okay. Good. I was just checking.

Yeah. It's not anything. Yeah. Nothing at all. Right. It might be, I, I, um, now you're backtracking. Hold on to your convictions. I don't have them or do I, uh, oh, um, well, that's wonderful. Uh, the good place and, uh, Janet, uh, uh, one of the favorite characters fan favorites. Uh, you see a lot of, uh, Janet's at comic conventions and, uh, and a lot of people cosplaying as Janet and, uh, this Halloween coming at, we're about a month off.

That's right. From Halloween, the anniversary of your phone call. And, uh, I'm sure there will be a lot of Janet's, uh, this year. And, uh, is that thrilling for you? It is weirdly thrilling. Yeah.

I should be, I shouldn't be thrilled by that. Right. No, it's wonderful. It's really, it's crazy. It's incredible. You, uh, the costume has made its mark. I think a lot of credit should go to the head of the costume department over there. Kirsten Mann, everyone. Yes. You know her, you love her. Found a wonderful pairing of costume and actress to create something indelible. Wow.

Thank you. God damn it. I'll take that. Um, but I think you're making fun of me. No, I'm not. It is.

It's really like when you see that costume on anyone cosplaying, you're like, oh, that's Janet.

That is the nice thing about wearing the same costume in every single episode. Exactly. It becomes sort of like you can't separate the two. So, uh, uh, comes out very soon. Janet is a wonderful character and we hope she gets exactly everything that she wants. Uh, and you know what I'm talking about. I do actually. I mean, you know what I'm saying? I do. I truly do. That's what I hope too for her. I hope she gets it. You know what I'm saying? I didn't know what you're saying.

Um, that's what I've always wanted for her is what she wants. Wonderful. And I hope she gets it.

Well, the good place this September 20th, uh, this Thursday, September 26th, rather, uh, and, uh, coming out for 14 episodes. And you will only hear that here on comedy bang bang. That's a comedy bang bang exclusive. I'm sure that has not been reported anywhere else. I might've fucked that up.

It doesn't care. They can't, if they got to give you talking points of what you can and cannot say, if they expect you not to say stuff. Oh, they have. Okay.

You need to read this. All right.

Let's get to our next guest. Uh, this is, uh, this is exciting. He is the mayor of Burbank, uh, which is a town here in Los Angeles, uh, adjacent in, uh, uh, I believe it's in an incorporated city as well. Um, and, uh, just over the Hill over here, uh, please welcome to the show Phil Wiggins. Hello. Hello. God, it's good to be here.

Thank you. Is it really, thank you so much for coming. You know, I just, uh, I'm excited to share with you guys. We have so many exciting things going over down in Burbank and, uh, I can imagine people to know about it. You got the media center six. That's right. We sure do. Yeah. I see movies there all the time. We have a number of movie theaters. The MC 14 was over there now. 16 actually.

Yes, it is. I beg your pardon. I've only been to 14 of the screen. So I, uh, it is a 16. Uh, and this right near the six and there's also an eight. So, uh, yeah, it's so many screens and yet they're always sold out. A lot of people love going to Burbank. Yeah. That's why one of the names I have for Burbank is movie city USA.

Really? That's right. But what's interesting about Burbank is a lot of television was shot there, including of course the tonight show for many, many years, many years. Sorry. Did you say Dana Carson? I said Johnny. You said Johnny. That's the guy.

That's the guy right there. As well as the other dude, the guy who followed him, Mr. Vroom Vroom himself. Yes. Jay Leno. Jay Leno.

Of course you got it. You know, uh, here's a little fun fact. Do you know where Jay Leno stores his cars? I do not Burbank. Yep. That's right. Wow. He stores all his cars in Burbank. And if you come to Burbank, sometimes you can see Jay Leno driving around, driving around that Bob's big boy on over there on Riverside. That's to Luca Lake.

That's disputed territory. Although I thought it was our cashmere. I to Luca Lake. Okay. I thought it though. They call it the Bob's big boy in Burbank, but I, but it is technically, that's what I mean. It's disputed. I wish we had it. Oh yeah. Oh, it's beautiful. We say we do, but we don't.

And, uh, it's a big fight. The mayor to Luca Lake and I, we call each other in the middle of the night and leave each other voicemails.

Really? Yeah. Leave each other angry voice. Like surprise voice comes with the job. Yeah.

Well, it does really. So every night you're waking up at the middle of the night, leave. No, not every night. We're not insane. Oh, okay.

Plus it gets super predictable. You got to sure. You're very it up call when they least expect it. Sure. Yeah. Um, so we had a phone installed in his house so that it would wake up his children. I found out he had, uh, just a cell phone. And so it wasn't when he was silencing silencing it at night. And I was like, well, what's the point of calling in the middle of the night? So where did you obscure this phone that he didn't notice it? He was, that's the thing. I just put it in his house. You just put it in there. Why didn't I hired people? Sure. I don't know how to install a phone. I'm a mayor.

Sure. But I would think like, uh, uh, if suddenly a new phone who dis, uh, popped up in my house, I would, uh, I would notice that, but maybe he's not. Well, his house was full of stuff.

I wouldn't call him a hoarder, but he had a lot of, uh, a lot of stuff in there. A lot of stuff, every room kind of filled to the rafters with, uh, boxes. I don't know what that Nick Nacks paraphernalia like maybe ran a Etsy something or so you were in there.

Oh yeah. I was in there. I had to, the people I hired the phone phone company. They would not go in without someone opening the door. Okay. So how did you gain access to this?

I broke in the door. Oh, I see. But before they arrived so that I could pose as poses, I just told them I'm the mayor, which was technically true.

So you were, yeah, the perfect crime. That's right. Other than the breaking in and admitting to it. Well, he knows about it now. Cause that's what I told him when I called, he answered the phone and I was like, I put this phone in.

Well, yes. Darcy. Have you guys known each other for a long time? Is this been going on?

I never actually met him. Really? No. But did you see pictures? It comes with the title. You know, it's about, it's about politics. It's personal. It's not a family or he does. He has, uh, two children and a dog and a cat, no wife or husband, uh, divorced, divorced. But he does have the children. So, Oh, so the children stay with him. Yes. That's right. Okay. That's an interesting situation. But again, I'm not interested enough to look into it. Not even just do a cursory background check. I just want to know his that's his title.

He's the mayor of Toluca Lake. Sure.

But I mean, there might be something going on there with the divorce and some dirt that you could be. It sounds fascinating, but I'll, I'll never know.

But you're not interested. No, I have too much to do too much to talk about in Burbank.

Speaking of which, what is going on in Burbank these days? So many things. What do you like to do, Scott? Oh, well, you know me, uh, if it's the weekend, I play hard as, because, uh, during the week I work hard. Well, maybe you want to go to a Chuck E Cheese. We have one. I'm not sure if that's quite my speed. Okay. That's not your speed? As a, as a man with no children. How about an indoor go-kart track? Indoor? Indoor.

Okay. Are there obstacles or no, but it's very fast. It's very, how fast can you get up there?

You can probably go, I guess you'd go 25 miles an hour.

Fast-ish. I don't know. For a go-kart, open air go-kart inside.

Open air. Pretty quick. Oh yeah. Wait. So it's indoors, but it's open. I just mean there's no, there's no roof on the go-kart. There's no, oh, I see. Okay.

No roof on the go-kart roof on the, on the indoor facility though. Yes. That's why, that's why we call it indoor. Insulation, everything. I haven't looked into that, but I will. So that sounds great. Um, I, and how much does that run you to? Well, for me, I get to do it whenever I want. Okay. So are you like, ooh, these rich actors who don't know the price of milk anymore? Like you don't have to pay for things in Burbank? You know what? I do not know the price of go-karting indoors. And if that, if that makes me an elite, I guess, I guess I'm guilty as charged. I would imagine though, a 20 minute ride could run you anywhere between $7 and I would say $22 upwards of $20. I think it's closer to $50. Is it $50 for a 20 minute ride? It's a great, really great facility.

That's so expensive. Do you like hitting baseballs? Uh, if there's a purpose to it.

Oh, right. Then nevermind. I mean, if there's a game or I'm at a batting cage.

Okay. Well, I was getting to a batting cage, but there is no- I don't like to do it just- I can't say there's actually a purpose to it. There's just balls fly at you.

But what is the purpose of go-karting?

Well, I didn't ask if you liked to- You didn't ask if I liked it. You just asked me if I wanted to go to it. That's right. So when I asked about batting, you said you only do it if it, uh, if you don't- if you're doing it for a purpose. I'm just saying I'm not doing it around the house just for fun. No, don't do that. You know what I mean? You break everything in your house.

Break a fricking window. Uh, but there is a batting cage.

There is. Connected to a pizza place. Ooh.

Really? Yeah. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Which pizza place are we talking about?

Not the aforementioned Chuck E. Cheese. No, no. This is called Baseball Pizza.

Baseball Pizza? Yeah.

Oh, what an interesting store. Yeah. It's really fantastic.

I like those combinations, sir. Although I guess those go together because quite often, uh, when I was in Little League, we would finish the day with, uh, going to a pizzeria of sorts.

That's right. That's right. You like pizza, Darcy?

Love pizza, love baseball. Do you like both of America's pastimes?

Yeah, both of those pastimes. Yeah. Wonderful.

Come on down to Burbank. We'll see.

Got a baseball pizza. You got addresses for this or am I just supposed to wander around?

Burbank's a small town, so, uh, and we have really nice people. So if you ask, you will, I'm asking you though. Oh, it's on, uh, you're not gonna believe this. It's on Burbank Boulevard.

Whoa. Easy. Right there on the strip.

Right there on Burbank Boulevard. Pizza.

Amazing. Baseball Pizza.

Baseball Pizza. Baseball Pizza.

Great. So what a wonderful day. You could probably go, uh, to Burbank and, uh, take a little ride in a go-kart and, uh, hit some balls around and, uh, watch a movie at one of those screens and then finish it up with pizza and baseball. It is occurring to me that I think it's called champs.

Okay. That makes. Hold on, hold on, hold on. Wait, sorry.

The pizza place?

Yeah. It's called champs.

Pizza place, baseball place. It's not called. Do you, when you thought of it, when you think of it and in your mind, is it because those two things reside within the structure that you just thought it was called that? Why did you think it was called that?

Sir? Mayor?

Yeah. I just put them together. It seemed like, well, they have both those things.

Did you feel like you were lying or did you think you were making something up?

No, just, uh, I was said it a couple of times when I started to believe it. And then I realized that, uh, when you asked where it was, I realized that was not the name.

Yeah. This side you pictured a mental picture of that.

Mayor. I fully admit. I should know the names of the businesses.

You can't know every single name.

There's something that we have a restaurant. It's called the ramp.

The ramp. I don't think I've been to this one.

Why do you think it's called the ramp? What do you guys think? It's handicapped accessible?

It is, but that's not why.

That's not why.

Isn't there like a root vegetable or something called a ramp?

There is a vegetable called a ramp. That's not why.

That's also not why.

Yeah.

Is it, God, I'm running out of reasons.

Let's think ramp.

Is, is, is it, uh, there, there are just ramps everywhere in this place.

Are there ramps everywhere?

It has delicious food, but no, uh, not an enormous amount of ramps.

Not an enormous amount.

Does it stand for something?

Uh, nope. Oh, it's not an acronym.

Yeah. That would have been great.

Yeah. Is it backwards?

Is it, uh, Pemar? Pemar?

Does Pemar own it?

No. I don't know a Pemar.

Okay. Is it, um, are you ramping up to an appetite?

Are they want you to ramp up to eating something?

Like, Hey, start at nothing.

Right.

Start at eating nothing. Come in having eaten nothing.

That is what happens there. I think.

Yeah.

I don't think that's why it's called that.

I'm happy to give away the sixth sense twist.

Sure.

If you want.

Yeah. I think we're all out of gas.

It's, uh, it's under the, uh, ramp to the highway.

Oh, okay.

Yeah.

Under the office.

Under the, under an offering.

Yeah.

Does it have a tilted, tilted ceiling, small building, flat building, and it serves a delicious Italian and American cuisine and it's called the ramp and, and, um, so they're sort of proud of that.

Oh, real proud.

Okay.

Yeah.

So they're, they're sort of taking, as I said, we don't need addresses.

Like where's the ramp?

It's under the ramp.

It's just red.

Yeah.

But they're sort of taking what could be construed as a negative and turning their swords into plowshares by really just owning it and embracing it.

I don't know that metaphor, but can we know it?

Sure.

Now you know it.

There you go.

Well, Chuck E.

Cheese did a similar thing.

They have rats in the restaurant.

Did you, uh, did you give him a banjo?

Put a name on it and say, that's the reason to go there.

Yeah.

What else is going on in Burbank?

Oh, so much.

Do you like parades?

Yes.

Twice a year, twice a year.

We round everybody up and we make them walk down the street.

Is it on the same day or two different days?

Oh, you think that you're asking her the, when I say twice a year, you mean two parades in the same day?

Could be.

I don't know.

That's true.

I wasn't clear.

We have a winter parade and a kind of a summer parade.

And is it 4th of July?

Right now, as we all know, it's September 23rd.

Right.

So is the summer parade, does it, does it fall on 4th of July?

It does happen on the 4th of July.

And I'll tell you what, something that is a hotter parade.

Yeah.

Cause it's going to be hot.

As opposed to the winter parade.

Although with the climate change going on, every day is going to be hot.

I mean, coming up.

Burbank is fighting that really hard.

Really?

Yes.

What are they in the forefront of fighting climate change?

What are you doing?

Well, I just wrote a letter to our president as the mayor of Burbank saying that we want him to fight climate change.

Oh, that's great.

That's a great first step.

The entire city board signed it.

Okay.

And we voted on it.

You voted on sending it?

Whether or not we were going to write a letter to the president.

Voted on whether you agree with the sentiments that were in.

And the board voted 8 to 6 to do it.

Who were the six who didn't want to do this?

Some of them thought that it didn't make any difference at all to write a letter to the president.

They agreed with the letter.

They just thought it would make no difference.

We were all for fighting climate change, but six people were like, why are we writing a letter to the president?

So all it took was two people.

This is a waste of my time.

That's right.

This is a waste of everyone's time.

That was their argument.

Yeah.

Why are we even still even talking about this?

That's right.

Why are we voting on this?

This is just, I have other places to be.

Exactly.

Yeah.

Interesting.

But you ended up sending it.

Well, they voted for it, so I had to send it.

You had to send it.

Were you one of the six who voted against it?

Oh, I was very against it.

I even told the mayor to Luke a lake.

I was like, God, sometimes this is the one time I wish I was in your shoes.

Right.

One time.

And you were sort of commiserating with him.

Well, it was a voicemail I left in the middle of the night.

Oh, okay.

So it wasn't a back and forth.

Wow.

An interesting job.

Yeah.

A lot of challenges.

Great time.

You like tea cakes?

Pardon?

Do you like tea cakes?

Are these cakes with the visage of Mr. Tea, like the Mr.

Tea cereal?

No, but I bet they'd do that for you.

I bet they'd.

Although now in retrospect, those were just teas.

The Mr. Tea cereal, they, it's the old bait and switch.

They like say, hey, come eat the little faces of Mr. Tea.

I wish.

Instead it's just teas.

It's just teas.

Why was it a bait and switch?

Did they lie about it or you thought you just expect when it's like, hey, this is the Mr.

Tea cereal.

You're not going to be eating teas.

Yeah.

How would they, I don't know how they would make a, what looks like a person's face.

I do.

They have molds.

I do.

For how you would do it.

Yeah, I could draw it, but you ever seen a cookie that looks like someone like a Santa Claus cookie?

I hope not.

Just like a little, I think it would be a little bit of a shoulder.

It would, it would be like a bust.

You know what I mean?

A bust.

But like, would that be distracting to you to eat the face of a person?

Just a bowl full of people's faces.

One person's face.

Yeah, that's worse.

But somehow worse.

Because like who cloned this person that there's multiple.

If it was at least a bowl full of different faces, it's like, Hey, the crowd.

Story there.

Yeah.

You seem like a natural storyteller when it comes to your city.

Oh, thank you.

I think that's why I'm the mayor.

I think I told a good story.

How did you get elected?

What was your platform?

Well, here's something that's interesting is in Burbank, we don't elect the mayor.

Huh?

Really?

It's just an appointed position?

We elect our, uh, our council and then we take turns.

Okay.

So how, how long is your turn?

I get to do it for a year.

So you're in the middle of your year?

I'm in the middle of my year being the mayor.

Is it a calendar year or is it fiscal?

It's fiscal.

Oh yeah.

It is.

So it starts in April.

Start in the fall.

Yeah.

Okay.

So we're, so we're coming up at the end.

Oh no, I just started.

Oh, how did you get all this done with the mayor of Toluca Lake?

Oh, because I knew I was going to be the mayor because we take turns.

Right, of course.

I was anticipating.

Yeah.

A lot of ramp up.

Plus you'd be surprised the people in Burbank, you put a phone in, you can do a lickety split if you want to do it.

Really?

That's the Burbank promise.

Oh yeah.

Yeah.

Wow.

Interesting.

Well, you know, we have our own power station.

I believe that I've passed by there.

Yeah.

It's look at it if you want.

And you don't have to share it with any other city.

That's just for Burbank.

I like just Burbank.

Oh yeah.

We like tea cakes.

Yeah.

Let's get back to these teacakes.

Can I go to Martelli's Bakery?

It's a Burbank institution.

We have tea cakes.

They've been selling in there for a hundred years.

Whoa.

Hmm.

Maybe less than, Martino's.

What did I say?

And maybe less than a hundred years?

It might be.

How long do you think?

Really?

I think closer to 50.

Okay.

So half of that then?

Yeah.

Martino's.

Longer than any of us have been alive.

Oh yeah.

Certainly.

Well, not you.

Oh, you?

I don't know.

How old of a gentleman are you?

Can you say?

I mean, fiscal year or?

Yeah.

Fiscal years, please.

Fiscal year, I have 47 years.

Oh, okay.

Okay.

Do you know, we have an age limit on the mayor in Burbank.

Oh, what is the limit?

You have to be 45 years old.

They wanted to be 10 years.

Oh, so you have to be elite.

I thought it was like a Logan's Run situation, right?

Like you stop being mayor once you hit.

Oh, no, no, no.

We've had some old mayors.

Really?

Oldest mayor?

Can you name him?

Am I the oldest mayor?

No.

Sure.

Yeah.

Can I name the oldest mayor?

Sure.

Is it yourself?

It is not.

No, no, no.

We had Chester Burbank.

No relation.

No relation to the famous Burbank.

Burbank family that probably helped him get elected.

Oh yeah.

Well, he didn't get elected though.

Not to mayor.

No.

What did he get elected to?

To the city council.

So everyone elects their city council representative knowing that there's a good shot.

They're going to roll the dice and then some of them are going to take turns being mayor.

Some of them.

So not everybody.

Well, there's not enough time and a term for everyone to be mayor.

It's only one year, right?

All right.

That's right.

And how long are the terms?

The terms are two years.

Two years.

Yeah.

It seems like two of you.

Yeah.

Only two.

Unless you're reelected.

That's right.

Well, we've had the same city council for quite a while.

Oh, so they've all been mayor then.

Yeah.

No one.

Yeah.

It's easy.

Once you're in.

Once you're in, you're in.

Your family.

Yeah.

That's Olive Garden.

We got one of those.

Oh you?

Really?

Where's that?

I don't think I've ever seen it.

Oh, it's at the Empire Center.

Oh, okay.

Oh yeah.

We got pretty much any chain restaurant you can name.

We got it in Burbank.

Okay.

Let's see.

Red Lobster?

Red Lobster.

Uh, no.

Macaroni Grill?

Nope.

Okay.

Those have all closed down though.

Okay.

From what I understand.

And you say you roll dice?

That was a metaphor.

We just turn our swords at the plow chairs.

Oh really? How do you do it?

Right.

But then how do you decide who gets to do it?

Do what?

Be the mayor.

Oh, we take turns.

Sure, you take turns, but you said not everyone gets to take the turns.

So how is it decided?

I'm not following your...

Well, when you say you take turns, does everyone get in a line and then say, okay, this will be the order or how like you're in a room with everybody.

Sure.

So you're all in a room, you're in a room with all these people.

Who the year is the fiscal year is ending with the previous mayor.

Oh yeah.

Who decides and how is it decided that, how was it decided that you would be the next person to take the turn?

We take turns.

Did you raise your hand and say, I'll go next?

I was happy to do it.

Yeah.

Sure.

But was that how it was decided?

Does not everyone want to do it?

They knew I had put that phone in, so.

Oh, that was pre...

Yeah.

That's not why, but they did know.

So if you would not put the phone in, do you think you would have been chosen?

I don't know that world, you know?

Yeah.

That's not, that's an alternate reality.

Yeah.

As a mayor, you got to deal with what's on the ground.

You know what's happening.

Sure.

In front of you.

We don't want to be worrying about Earth 69 out there.

Sexy.

Yeah.

Where you're not.

What is that?

That's a sexy Earth?

Sounds like it to me.

That Burbank's exactly the same.

Yeah.

On that Earth.

Oh, really?

Probably.

That's right.

What's that roast beef restaurant?

What is that called?

Sexy.

Roast beef.

Oh, you're talking about the, do you mean the Smokehouse?

Arby's.

No, not the Smokehouse, although that is a great Burbank.

They're more, I guess, known for prime rib than for garlic bread.

There's a roast beef, no, turkey.

They do Thanksgiving turkeys and they slow you down.

Chili John's?

Not Chili John's, but I'll think of this.

Yeah.

And then it's right across the turkey.

Is that what you're saying?

Slow roasted turkey.

Yeah.

It's a diner that's been there for, you don't know.

Talleyrand.

Of course.

And known for their open face turkey sandwiches.

Certainly.

Although I always ask for another piece of bread because.

You'd rather it was close faced.

Why is it you're paying for it?

Why is it a benefit to me that it doesn't have a top on?

I truly do agree with you.

I don't understand.

I don't understand either.

The sandwich is like, what if I could eat a sandwich with a knife and fork?

Yeah.

No, thank you.

That's the point of the sandwich.

I, in fact, when I get a regular sandwich from anywhere, I ask for a third because it's like, why should the club have all the fun?

That's right.

I agree.

You know, let me in the club.

This club needs to have another member.

That's my sandwich.

Is there, do you know the restaurant called Paddy's?

Paddy's?

Paddy's is another Toluca Lake.

Oh, is it?

Oh shoot.

I'm so sorry.

That is across the line.

I'm so sorry.

That's even closer into Toluca Lake than the Bob's Big Boy.

Yeah, it's not.

I don't know why you'd ever go there.

I'm so sorry.

We have plenty of beautiful diners.

I haven't been there since I was a kid.

They have a great egg white, healthy breakfast option over there at Paddy's that I think some of the restaurants in Burbank would do wise to emulate.

Well, well, who's to say they don't?

I, you know, I look, I've been around Burbank.

I don't want to cause a stir, but if you want to talk about Toluca Lake, have the mayor of Toluca Lake come on.

Could I, do you have his phone?

Oh, obviously you do have his phone number.

One he'll answer.

He never got it disconnected.

No, he doesn't know where it is.

He has it.

Well, he does know where the phone is.

He has to answer it.

He has, well, it's again, it's mostly voicemails, but I know it's ringing in that house.

Right.

Keeping those kids up.

Oh yeah.

Those motherless kids up.

Yeah.

I wonder if they prefer to stay with their mother with the phone ringing at all hours.

I wouldn't know.

Cause I haven't talked to him about it.

You have no interest in that side of his life.

Oh no, definitely not.

Less than no interest.

It seems zero interest.

What did he does with his own time and his own children except for when he's in the middle of the night and I want to talk to him.

Not interested.

Well, very fascinating.

I have so many more questions.

We need to take a break.

But and, and on the other side of the break, we have an expert in a very intriguing field, but can you stick around and answer a lot more questions?

Is this an ad for Burbank that you're going to about to run?

Who knows?

I mean, probably for something that's available in Burbank at the very least.

But not for Burbank?

Not for Burbank itself, although you could record it.

Right.

I wish we, I wish, I just wish we had sent some ads in.

Well, go ahead and say whatever you want to say about Burbank right before the ad.

You know, you're going to be watching The Good Place coming out.

Well, go to, I think Burbank's a good place.

Okay.

And you, you, you know, one time in Burbank's history, you could have watched The Good Place on one of those Circuit City televisions, but that of course went under.

Oh.

Circuit City.

Yeah, that's not there.

Yeah.

We do have a Best Buy.

You do have a Best Buy.

What's in the Circuit City place though now?

Because I, there was a lot of talk about like something taking it over.

But I believe you're talking about the Walmart that went in.

The Walmart went in.

And that's another interesting Burbank fact.

Walmart and Target share a parking lot.

Wow.

I wonder if that.

You don't see that.

No, I don't see that often.

They get along in Burbank.

Do they divvy it up in some ways of like, hey, if you're going to Walmart, don't cross on this side of the parking lot.

I think it's more that the beautiful people who live in Burbank will try to park closer to the store that they want to go to.

They do.

Yeah.

So there isn't a lot of like parking further away.

Because why?

They make that choice on their own.

All right.

Well, we have plenty more questions about Burbank.

So and I want to get to them all, but we need to take a break.

We're going to be right back with more Phil Wiggins, mayor of Burbank, more Darcy Cardin, mayor of The Good Place.

When we come back, we'll be right back with more Comedy Bang Bang.

Comedy Bang Bang.

We're back here with Darcy Cardin.

The Good Place comes back this Thursday.

Do you have a time slot for this or?

Well, we've been at 830 the last few years.

Have you now?

But what if we're not this year?

Who knows?

I mean, you should you got to read those talking points.

But look, does anyone watch things when they're on anyway?

You know what I mean?

Just just type it into your thing.

Type it into your thing.

Frickin type it.

I think it's 830, but it might be nine.

But either way, just type it into your just type it.

You'll get it.

Do you know any of the shows around you?

We got we got ourselves some some.

You got a little B nine nine or is that next year?

I think that's not quite right this minute.

We got ourselves some superstore superstore.

We got ourselves some Bradley Whitford's new show.

Oh, yeah.

Called Called the Bradley Hour.

It's us.

It is flying into Bradley.

Yes.

Part of it.

Right.

And yeah.

Yeah.

I don't I got it.

Yeah.

You know, I were I on a show I would maybe.

Yeah, I used to be.

Yeah.

Not anymore.

Although three episodes of I'm sorry and maybe three next year.

Oh, congratulations.

I don't know if I've been written out of the show.

I have no idea yet.

Andrew, if you're listening.

Is she?

I doubt it.

OK.

She was on once.

We also know I'm sitting right in front of her signature.

We also have Phil Wiggins, the mayor of Burbank and.

You know, Superstore is shot in Burbank.

Yeah.

Is it?

Yeah, I believe it's shot at Universal City.

But yeah, but it's on the part of the lot that's in Burbank right beside the Smokehouse.

That's true.

I can see it from the road.

I thought Universal City had its own zip code was its own thing, but it is.

But that part of it's not in Universal City.

It is not really.

Is it on the lot?

It's another disputed territory around the edge.

Yeah, it's right there on on Pass, is it not?

Yeah, not on Pass on on the road.

All that leaves Burbank.

Yeah, exactly.

You don't know.

You've never left.

I'm sure you'll not to love it there.

But that is why we call it TV City USA.

Yeah.

Oh, that's what you're calling it.

Yeah, I thought it was movie.

It is.

It was.

Oh, it is.

OK, great.

Depending on if someone likes movies, we also call it Tea Cake City USA.

There's a lot of Burbank has a lot to offer.

Tea Cake City USA.

Yeah.

Is it only the one store, though, that sells these teacakes?

Yes.

And what's the name of that store?

Martelli's.

Are you sure?

Martino's.

OK.

All right.

Let's get to our next guest.

And I mentioned this before the break.

He is a an expert in a very intriguing field.

He is a wiping expert.

Please welcome to the show Robert Whistler.

Thank you.

Hi, Robert.

Thank you so much.

This is Darcy.

Hey, Robert.

Hi, Darcy.

Phil.

Hello.

Nice to meet you.

Thank you for coming to the show.

Thank you so much for having me.

So, yes, I am a wiping expert.

What does that mean?

Wiping expert.

Do you mean like when someone's doing windows or?

No, I mean, it's hygiene.

It's, you know, the practice of of posterior hygiene.

Posterior.

Oh, I see.

So what happens is when we excrete fecal matter.

Do we excrete it or do we propel it out of it?

Well, I don't know how you do it, Scott.

I just would.

I always thought excretion sort of implied it was like coming out of one's pores.

Oh, really?

Yeah, but I guess excretion, the verb maybe means just like being put out of the body.

Hey, Siri, what does excrete mean?

Excrete means of a living organism or cell separate and expel as waste a substance, especially a product of metabolism.

OK, we get it.

OK, so when you when one.

Thank you, Siri.

Love learning things on this show.

This is an educational podcast.

Yeah, that's why we're here.

And that's why we have you on.

I want to hear all about this.

I really appreciate it.

Well, yes.

When we excrete or expel fecal waste or propel or propel it at an alarming velocity.

Yes.

Depending on what we ate.

Sometimes it doesn't even depend on that.

It's just purely how the body reacts to anything.

Right.

Sounds like you have a strong core, Scott.

Well, I tried, you know, I mean, they're doing hot yoga.

Do you have hot yoga and Burbank?

Oh, yeah.

The hottest right on Magnolia Boulevard.

Right there.

Yes.

Yeah.

Used to be a hobby shop.

Oh, well, I went out of business.

People don't have hobbies anymore.

I've noticed they sure don't.

Yoga is their hobby now.

That's right.

Well, also, people people have two, three jobs just to put food on the table.

It's like who needs hobbies these days, you know?

Yeah.

So sorry.

When we excrete fecal matter, most of it, as we know, is deposited in the toilet or the compost heap.

Or if you're in the woods.

Exactly.

On, you know, just a field of leaves.

On the ground or hopefully you've dug a hole so that bears won't find it.

Sure.

Something of that nature.

Even worse.

Yeah.

But most of it leaves the body, but some of it remains around the sphincter area.

Why do you think that is?

I would think that with evolution being where it's at, everyone says, oh, wow, we're at the top of the food chain, we've evolved as much as we're going to evolve.

And yet we still can't get rid of those little rings around the sphincter.

Well, I'll tell you why.

Because evolution, people think of evolution as, oh, that it's getting better and better.

But no, evolution is just about survivability.

So what can you survive and procreate under those conditions?

And it turns out you can thrive as a species with fecal matter ringed around your sphincter.

That turns me off, though.

I mean, you're talking about wanting to procreate.

If I'm ever down there and there's like a little remnants, you know, it's not happening tonight, honey.

Well, you're a...

On planet 69?

On planet 69.

I'm going back to planet 68.

Well, you're actually, you might be interested to know you're in the minority, Scott.

Am I really?

People enjoy this?

Most people, they don't necessarily enjoy it, but it does not deter them.

Is it a primal sort of scent?

Are there pheromones involved?

Is it something that, look, you look at animals and they're always sniffing each other's butts.

Is it just something that we...

Well, I don't want to pass myself off as an expert in the sexual side of fecal matter.

But surely you have an interest.

Sorry, my name is Robert.

Oh, I love that.

Is that a wiping expert's standby or that's a funny...

I just say that anytime anybody says it.

It's funny.

It doesn't always make sense.

It was funny.

Yeah, it's good.

Yes, no.

So what was the question?

Oh, I don't know.

So tell us about these.

Are there different techniques to wiping?

There are different techniques.

I've actually written several books, five separate books.

Five books?

How long are these things?

They range from about 400 to 700 pages.

They're instructional and they're workbooks.

I'm sorry, are you saying one of the books is four pages long and the other one is 700 pages long?

Because you said four.

Four to 700.

That's correct.

Yes.

It's actually a pamphlet, but it's called a book.

Ah, I'll read that one.

Yeah, four is about my max when it comes to this subject matter, I would think.

Really?

Well, you'd be surprised.

Do they all have different topics or are all the books?

Do they have different theses?

Do you know what I'm saying?

Different theses.

Wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow.

That's really funny.

You are a funny guy.

I really do.

You know, sometimes this show is a comedy program.

Mainly we're an instructional informational podcast, but sometimes we dabble in comedy and you fit right in.

Thank you.

I really enjoy you.

Thank you so much.

Yeah.

So yes, I have five books on the subject.

If you'd care to look them up, they are around the rim in 30 wipes, a holistic guide to anal hygiene.

30 wipes.

What does that refer to?

Is that how many times one is supposed to wipe?

I get that question a lot.

I actually don't recommend that you wipe 30 times.

I just wanted it to line up with the around the world in 30 days.

Yeah.

It seems like it would chase.

No, that it worked.

I got the joke, so I think it really worked.

I got the joke, but it also alarms me that I wasn't wiping enough.

So if you read the book, there is a preface to the book, a disclaimer where I say exactly.

I don't.

I'm not encouraging anyone to wipe 30 times.

But are you discouraging people?

Because it seems like you should try to discourage people.

I mean, you've already hooked people.

This is talking about the bait and switch with the Mr. T cereal.

You know, I read just the title of that and I need some discouragement from wiping 30 times, which I don't think is safe.

It's not.

And it will cause some irritation.

The average wiping uses the average.

The average wipe is about three squares of toilet paper at about six to seven swipes.

We call it depending on the you know how thick your toilet paper is.

Exactly.

So there is a wide range of thickness to toilet paper.

I find the funnily enough, the Scott issue is one of the thinner.

Brands.

Well, hey, you know, he was always one of the thinner guys in high school, you know, but then metabolism slows down.

Sure, sure.

The Charmin, of course, is a thicker and I actually used to work at Charmin as an engineer.

An engineer doing what?

Designing toilet paper.

Really?

The thickness, the patterns, the ridging.

And I.

What pattern was your favorite that you because that's the is that the quilted picker upper?

No, that's Bounty.

Bounty is a paper towel, actually.

Right.

Don't use that to wipe, right?

Right.

And don't flush with that either.

Right.

Yeah.

But what was your favorite design that you designed?

Oh, it was a little it was a teddy bear's suns and moons.

Sorry, stars and moons.

Teddy bears stars.

Yeah, very confusing.

Mixed message.

Well, stars are suns, but you know.

I guess you're right.

Yeah, point taken.

Sorry, is that a nighttime toilet paper?

It was it was branded as a as a sleepy time toilet paper.

It actually was.

Do you change it out with daytime toilet paper, depending on the time of day?

Like at 6 p.m., do you change it and go to the nighttime toilet paper or?

Well, there was a Charmin recommended that you did because there was a depressant substance that was saturated into the toilet paper.

Really?

Supposed to calm you down for nighttime.

Well, a lot of people were complaining that their nighttime bowel movements, they were waking up too much.

So Charmin wanted to market.

This is not a product that ever actually came to market, but they wanted to.

Sort of figure out a toilet paper that would put you back to sleep.

A way to keep you sleepy while you were.

Sort of the Nyquil of toilet paper, is that what?

Exactly.

That's exactly what it was.

And in the testing phase, we had a lot of issues with people passing out while they were using it, pitching forward in the bathroom.

And breaking their teeth on the edge of the bathtub.

Oh my gosh.

A lot of instances of that?

My God.

We had a lot of it was actually it was actually 99% instances of that and then 1% people slumping backwards over the tank.

Okay.

Was there chloroform involved in this?

I mean, that's like an instantaneous passing out.

It was the active ingredient.

It was was the same as in chloroform.

The active ingredient in chloroform is of course chloroform.

Right.

So yes, ethanol.

But also I feel like I've heard that that area is very absorbent.

Yes.

I mean, it is.

It's why suppositories work so well.

So maybe it was maybe people got extra, extra absorbed.

That's exactly right.

We couldn't get the dosing right and people were passing out.

I can imagine too people taking like five or six squares.

Oh shoot.

And overdosing on this would be an issue as well.

Right. Abuse was a problem.

There was one instance of a child who wanted to attend Halloween as a mummy.

Oh no.

Wrapped himself completely in...

Was this when the mummy was in theaters?

Remember the Brendan Fraser franchise?

Of course I do.

Very popular with kids.

This is when Scorpion King with The Rock.

Had just been released with The Rock?

This is when Dwayne The Rock Johnson was the Scorpion King.

Sure. So is it somewhere in the early 2000s?

So you were working there quite a while ago.

That's right.

Incredible.

Right. And you know, I broke with Sharman over sort of ideological grounds.

I felt that their focus was too much on thickness and comfort and not utilitarian enough.

Well, I find that the Bears, the Sharman Bears...

Sure. We love them. The mascots.

Well, they, I mean, who has a shittier rear end than bears?

It's right there in the cliche. Does a bear shit in the woods? Right there.

Yeah.

I don't think that that saying presupposes that the bear has the most feces filled posterior in...

It kind of does.

...in the woods.

I think that's, when I see Sharman, I go, oh, bears. It makes sense.

Bears are constantly shitting in the woods. They need the toilet paper.

Aren't all woodland creatures constantly having...

Not as much as bears. Otherwise you would be like, hey, does a squirrel shit in the woods?

You never hear that. I don't even know.

But you could say that. And that would make just as much sense.

You could, but I wouldn't know. I would not even have, I wouldn't hazard a guess.

Hang on a second, Scott. If the phrase was, pardon my French, does a squirrel shit in the woods?

Sure.

If that's just what it was, say it's Earth 72.

Okay. Sure.

To put it in terms you'll understand.

Okay. Now I understand it. Thank you for that.

You would, you would take umbrage at that and say, wait a minute, squirrel is the wrong animal.

I have been conditioned to believe that bears shit more than other woodland animals.

But it's just that, Scott. It's conditioning.

That's what I'm saying though. So now that I've been conditioned thusly, I take a look at the cartoon bears and I say, I get it.

But I don't get it, Scott, because the bears are, are inherently unserious.

They're focusing on comfort. They're groaning with satisfaction and moaning.

I don't know that they've been groaning and moaning.

They do. Watch the commercials.

In the commercials they're groaning and moaning.

They're always moaning and yumming at each other.

And we don't know if their asses are clean.

All we know is that they're comfortable.

But the purpose of wiping isn't comfort. It's to get a clean result.

And yet isn't that more comfortable? Haven't you ever accidentally not cleaned it off?

Look, I mean, Phil, you you're with me on this. I mean, what's your technique?

Do you do you leave a little there a lot of times and it causes itchiness and discomfort?

I'll tell you two things. One, we have a Costco in Burbank and that's where I buy my toilet paper.

And two, I also until recently bought flushable wipes there.

That's but that is become as a mayor.

I can tell you right now, that's a giant problem.

We share a sewer with Glendale, right?

Right. Oh, those flushable wipes. They're not flushable.

They're not flushable. They're not flushable.

It's because are they coming mainly from the Glendale side or I'd like to think that.

I'd like to think that the Burbank people, but you were contributing to this.

I was for a while until then. I'm the mayor. I don't.

I got a question. Why do they day one when you become mayor?

They're like, they take you down there to the sewer.

Tell you about the sewer problem because it's going to be it is going to.

They said it's going to rule your year.

Oh, wow. So your year just is starting.

Just starting. I don't even know what's ahead of me.

So day one. What day are you on, by the way, right now?

I'm on day 16. Yeah.

So you started on the. Yeah. Yeah.

Right after Labor Day. That's right. Yeah.

Oh, really? So you so you take Labor Day? Labor Day is a Burbank holiday.

Yeah. Yeah. Is does is anyone mayor on Labor Day?

Oh, I wasn't clear that you're still the mayor.

It's just the offices are closed. Right.

Oh, God. Except we still have we have our own fire department, our police.

So that would have been day one. They're still working. Had it not been a day off for everyone. That's right. That was a day off.

Great. Tell us about these techniques.

OK, so a lot of people think that you need to wipe with toilet paper.

Right. Right. That's not necessarily the case.

Toilet paper is an overused medium, as far as I'm concerned.

Overused. Sometimes I'll go through like a roll every other day.

I'll be changing that. What's the what? Under what circumstances?

Well, you know, sometimes I'll have guests over and then it's a little more frequent.

But but if it's just my own personal toilet, because I think everyone deserves their own personal one in the house, it's like, you know, a personal pan pizza at baseball pizza, maybe.

Champs. Oh, is it champs? Yes. Right. Yeah.

You know, I'll go through like I'll have to switch that out every two days, maybe three days.

Right. That's a lot of paper. Yeah. Right. But I work from home as well.

So it's not like I'm working somewhere else using their facilities.

We're not in your home right now. Scott, that's true.

That's true. I do. I don't consider this to be a job. I enjoy this.

So you don't defecate in these offices? I'd never in this office. No.

I don't I don't like to, you know, do a leave behind anywhere around here.

Just your home. Yeah, just my home.

But you have guests who come over to your home to leave to a lot of guests.

And they do it. They do it all the time. I have one of the nicer laboratories. Where do you live?

Not too far from the Burbank city limits. But not in Burbank.

Not in. But no, no, certainly not. It's too bad.

But but but if you ever want to go down that road that takes you to Lake, is it?

I must confess, I used to live in Tulica Lake.

I wish I had known that before I came into the show.

That would have been an issue. It would have been at least.

Right there on Pass Avenue for 14 years.

Wow. Pass.

Because where you pass out of Burbank.

That's why it's called that. Exactly. Yeah.

So you don't think, though, that you think that's too much toilet paper?

One roll every two days for one person? Yeah.

How many bowel movements are we are we talking?

Anywhere between 13 and 15.

I actually if that's the number that I would say that's that's that's economical.

Yeah, it's economical.

OK, great. So I'm doing it maybe correctly.

Maybe. Maybe. But what is your technique?

I want to hear about your technique.

Well, there are a number of techniques. Five books worth.

A particularly sloppy mess.

Now we're talking. You can use actually dry oats.

Dry oats. You fill you have to lay on your stomach and have a partner fill the trench with dry oats. What trench are we talking about?

We're talking about the the posterior trench between the between.

Oh, I see. So is this sort of the theory of like if your phone falls in water?

Just kind of like it's similar. Yes, it's an absorbent material.

Dry rice would not be as absorbent, but oats. Yes, the dry oats will absorb the fecal material.

It will really. And it'll be clean as a whistle down.

You have to lie there for about 20 minutes. Clean as a whistler.

And I sorry. And then you can simply brush them away with a like a little dusting brush or a small broom. Or like if you're a barber, one of those brushes that sort of brushes off the back of the neck. Those I think would be a bit too soft.

Where do you brush the oats just into the garbage down the toilet?

You shouldn't brush them into the toilet because wet oats will expand and clog your pipes.

You need to brush them off into some sort of depository.

The kitchen garbage or or anywhere.

I keep I keep a garbage for every room of the house.

Do you? Yeah, I find it handy and very convenient.

The foyer? Shirley, can I ask you a question?

Shirley, do you mind if I ask you a question? The.

Sorry, my name is Robert. What?

You knew he misunderstood his name is Robert. He was correcting me earlier.

We thought his name was Shirley. Yeah, well, I didn't necessarily thought I made a joke.

OK, you're responding to a joke that I made. I'm I'm misunderstood.

The clearly clearly misunderstood. I thought there's a face right now.

I thought he called you Robert and you said my name is Shirley.

It actually he said my name's not. He said my name is not Shirley.

So even more. I apologize for that. I like to get people's names right.

The can I do you mind if I Robert is his name, Robert?

If you don't have a partner. Is it possible to do the oats?

You would have to set up maybe a tray of oats and at that point, dip your posterior into the tray. You wouldn't be able to do a stomach.

Yeah, you'd have to be on your back, I would imagine.

Even sitting in you would be enrolling a sit and roll.

Yes, you could sit and roll maybe in like a kitty litter tray or something.

Sawdust works similarly.

It's a lot like what the janitors used to pick up vomit.

It's exactly what the janitors used to pick up vomit.

Another method, another good method is a hairdryer.

Hair dryer.

Hair dryer to dry the trench.

Here's although I have to I have to disagree here because you ever go into those bathrooms and instead of paper towels, they have the the air dryers things that you stick your hand into.

Yes, studies have shown that it's not drying anything.

It's just blowing the water all over the bathroom.

So a hairdryer, I think it is drying your hands.

It's not dry. I mean, your hands come out of it more dry, but it's it's not like it's the sun baking, you know, and getting rid of, you know, evaporating this water.

The water's got to go purely just flicking off elsewhere.

So you have to find the right settings. Hair dryers get a lot hotter than hand dryers.

I don't recommend hand dryers.

I recommend a hairdryer on a hot low setting so you're not blowing the feces out of the trench.

So we would remain there. It would just get hot and bake.

It gets hot and baked and then you can crack it almost like an Ethiopian bread.

Sort of like a creme brulee.

The top exactly like the top of the creme brulee and then it will flake off.

OK, OK.

And that and then you would put it into your kitchen garbage or your that you can flush in the toilet.

You can the flakes.

Yes.

So would you would you squat above the toilet and while you do you need any sort of like a rock hammer or anything like that to kind of crack this or you could do it?

It's it's it's it doesn't doesn't get that hard. So the tips of your fingers work.

Really?

You'd rather use a dedicated rock hammer that sits in your bathroom instead of just washing your hands.

Yeah.

I don't know that.

Part of me thinks if you're going to wash your hands, then why do any of the baking at all?

Why use toilet paper? Why use sawdust?

If if it's purely just like, hey, who cares how much shit gets on your hands, just wash it afterwards. Just wipe it off with your hand and flick it into the toilet.

Is that one of the is that one of the ways that you've discussed or no?

The problem with that is there's a problem with that.

It's hard to keep the fecal matter from embedding under your fingernails.

But but doing the flaking, cracking off the flaking, no problems there.

Exactly. No problems whatsoever.

OK, look, we need to take a break.

We do.

We do. We have to take a break. But you have many more techniques to take us through, I hope.

Sure.

OK. And Phil, you have a lot more places in Burbank you want to mention?

I would think so many toilet stores.

Toilet stores?

Oh, yes.

Plumbers, toilet stores, magnolias packed with them.

I would think that almost Halloween stores, almost every store in Burbank would have at least one toilet in it, probably.

Oh, I'm not being clear.

There's there's there are there's toilets in every store.

Sure. That's part of the law.

Yes. This is I think you were being stores that sell toilets.

You were being clear. I had just moved on.

Oh, I see.

All right. Let's take a break.

When we come back, we'll have Phil is going to talk about more of his techniques.

Sorry. No, you're with all this Shirley stuff.

I'm getting confused.

And Darcy will still be here.

Robert will still be here.

Phil will still be here.

We'll be right back with the comedy bang bang.

This comedy bang bang.

We're back here. Darcy Cardon, The Good Place coming out this Thursday.

Janet. Janet will return.

Janet will return. Yes.

Yeah, that's kind of how about a spin off?

What do you think?

I think that would be great.

Like, let's really.

Well, I hope that Janet gets everything that she wants.

You know, I'm talking about.

But I also hope that leave that door open for a Janet spinoff.

OK.

Yeah. Janet with an exclamation point.

Janet, this time she's doing it right.

Yeah. Darn it, Janet.

We also have Phil Wiggins, mayor of Burbank, reigning mayor.

That's right. Yes. Yes.

Although your reign will end in next fall or in this where you've been on your day 16.

The spring, you say?

Yes.

Summertime, there's no acting mayor.

So there's no acting mayor.

So it's a year long.

You get to do it for a year.

But in real, I mean, but.

But it's really just nine months.

About six months.

It's a school year.

I haven't done the math, but there's in the summertime, there's not much happening.

OK.

I mean, there's that whole parade.

Who's in charge of that?

Well, we plan that long ahead.

So come come May 28th or 31st Memorial Memorial.

Come come.

Another.

It's a holiday.

That's a lot like the Labor Day earlier.

Yeah.

Now, who's in charge when those major fire hat fires happen during the summer?

The fire department.

They're in charge.

Fire season doesn't begin really until the fall.

So there's a there's always a mayor during fire season.

OK, good.

It's during the summer that we don't have the mayor.

Right.

But so then that basically what happens is everyone gets their call time on Memorial Day for the parade and then no follow up.

Yeah.

And then you everyone's there on the 4th of July.

Just everyone sticks to it.

That's right.

Oh yeah.

OK, great.

It's like it runs tight as a drum.

Yeah.

Do you have a drum store out there?

Oh yeah.

Yeah.

Burbank Music Center.

You got to go check that out.

Every instrument that you could want their pianos.

Other instruments, string instruments like pianos, like guitars, woodwinds.

Yeah.

Woodwinds.

Oh yeah.

I haven't ever seen a woodwind there, to be honest, but you have sure they maybe they're in the back.

They might be.

I haven't.

Those are easy to steal.

They are.

I would say so.

Yeah, especially those flutes.

Just put run right down your pants and walk on out of there.

And who's who's to say that, you know.

What?

It's not just, you know, a very long, thin erect penis.

Good God.

I think my hunch is it would be obvious that it's not.

But maybe I don't know who would say it.

We also have Robert Whistler here of he's a wiping expert currently unemployed, it seems.

Well, no, I'm self-employed.

I go around the country speaking at schools and yeah, doing private sessions.

Oh, private sessions.

We should talk.

We have our own school system in Burbank.

I'm aware of that.

I've been trying to get into the Burbank school system for a while.

Oh, well, what a coincidence.

Where do you live?

I live in Valley Village.

Oh, OK.

So that's one over from Toluca Lake.

Yeah.

And you've been trying to get into the Burbank school system.

Sorry?

You've been trying to sort of game the system and get your kids into Burbank when you don't.

No, no, I mean, I mean, to get into do speaking engagements.

Oh, I see.

Tutorial sessions.

Do you do do Burbank schools have people to give tutorials and speeches like this?

We have guest speakers all the time.

I don't know if anyone's ever come in to teach children how to wipe.

It sounds like not to wipe is more your personal.

No, I teach wiping.

I teach all techniques.

Oh, you do.

OK, not just oating.

Because I don't know if we brought some kids to school and they're going home telling their parents they're not allowed to wipe anymore.

That feels like a headache to deal with.

Although for your own agenda, your sewers, though, might.

Well, that's true.

That would help with the flushable wipe problem.

Yeah, this system or the flaking off thing might be.

We had some kids.

They were smuggling in flushable wipes to school.

Yeah.

Had to expel them.

Expelled them.

Yeah.

One warning.

That's how it works.

You get one warning and then you're expelled.

One warning and then it keeps our schools and schools.

How did you figure out who was flushing the wipes?

Oh, we watched it.

Oh, there's cameras in every bathroom.

Really?

It's a school.

Yeah, I don't I don't think that that's how much time do you guys don't spend a lot of time in schools?

We did.

Yeah, I spent about four years in my high school.

But in a current time where we have Internet and digital cameras.

No, no, I can't say that it was a current time with digital cameras.

Well, things have changed.

But if if I if if there was are on camera from the moment they walk in to the and they expect that.

Oh, yeah, they all know.

And do you have access to all that footage?

Yeah.

As the mayor, I'm allowed I can watch anything I want any day.

Sometimes I do fall asleep at night.

It's like what's going on in Mr.

Pike's class today?

Huh?

And you rewind and watch just Mr.

Pike's whole class?

Yeah, he teaches third grade and he's a fantastic teacher.

Yeah, he was our Burbank teacher of the year.

And I like to see what he's up to.

What subjects he plays the bass.

Oh, oh, interesting classroom.

It's another one of those string instruments.

Yes, it is.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Interesting.

Yeah, he's fantastic.

Hmm.

So tell us more about these techniques.

Well, why don't I show you?

Ooh.

I wouldn't mind doing a bit of a demonstration for you.

Maybe.

Maybe one of you guys would like to help me out.

Give it a try.

All right, I'll allow it.

But watch yourself, counselor.

All right.

So what I'm going to do now is deposit some of my own fecal matter I've been saving up in my body.

You have something in the chamber?

I do.

I have to keep it in there for display purposes.

Well, as human beings, we all learn to the self-control in order to not just anytime anyone has to randomly excrete these things.

We keep it inside and wait until an opportune time when we're in one of those toilet stores out there in Burbank.

Yeah, come on down.

You ever find that Toilet City, USA.

You've read the name of that's one of our that's one of the nicknames of Burbank Toilet City, USA.

That one might stick.

You ever find and occasionally this will happen when I go into a Home Depot, the toilets are there and they look so good and you have to go to the bathroom.

Does anyone just like they're not hooked up to anything, but people don't know that they're display toilets.

But you ever does the shop owner ever go to these open it up and like, you know, we have a Home Depot and a Lowe's.

Whoa.

Oh, yeah, we have both.

They don't share parking.

OK, they just share a city and but you could park one and walk over to the other.

It'd be a nice walk.

It'd be a nice walk through town.

How long we talking?

12, 17 minutes.

Yeah, I think probably half an hour.

Good half an hour walk.

Half an hour between them.

Yeah.

OK, so if you're driving, it's like a five minute drive.

Which is in the Empire Center.

Is that the Lowe's?

That's Lowe's in the Empire Center.

Home Depot's over by the CarMax.

OK, they sell used cars.

Got it.

And I have used the bathroom at CarMax.

And how was that?

It was fantastic.

It's really nice.

They keep it clean.

Yeah.

Speaking of keep it clean, though.

Uh, so your other you have something that you're already too excrete.

Yes, I do.

And I use that for demonstration.

It is OK.

That's yes.

Because you said something.

Number two.

Right.

To be polite about it.

So if you don't mind, I'm going to take my pants off right now.

You're going to take your pants off.

Well, I have to.

What are you wearing a diaper?

No.

You just got to take them off.

OK.

All right.

And I'm just going to squat right here, if you don't mind.

I have a tin of an empty Altoids tin that I'm going to deposit.

That doesn't seem wide enough.

It's usually fine.

Usually I don't think that usually.

It's one for the mini Altoids, though.

You know what?

You're right.

And it is a little too much.

Can you if you can you empty the pens out of this?

Great.

There.

OK, that's just hand me that is a mesh wire mesh basket that I feel like it's.

What about this glass?

It's but you know what?

The basket's fine.

The basket.

I don't know that the basket is nothing.

And yeah.

OK, boy, that's really coming down.

We'll just it's like someone's been to the ramp.

I have actually leave that.

And what's that?

OK.

And that's yeah.

So we're mid we're midway here.

It's kind of like a snaking.

You know what?

I may have to need more.

I may have kept a little too something else.

Yeah, I will take my.

Actually, I'll dump the water out.

Yes.

Yeah.

Give me the Dasani bottle.

That's a that's a narrow rim, though.

That's a hard.

I got a lot of practice.

OK, there's the bottle.

OK, wow.

Yeah.

You know what?

I was supposed to have a a lesson this morning that canceled.

So I have actually two sessions in there.

Oh, I need to.

OK.

There's not a lot left.

Maybe we need to put some towels down or.

No, you should be fine.

That's you filled up three containers.

Oh, can you move that power strip actually a little bit?

Of course.

Yeah.

You worried about getting electrocuted?

Yes.

I yeah.

Being electrocuted by a stream of shit from a power strip is just the worst way to die.

It happens.

It doesn't really.

You know what?

It's not necessarily fatal.

Sure.

But it can incapacitate you for at least an afternoon, though.

I would imagine the way you are maintaining eye contact while doing this.

It's truly it's very uncomfortable.

And I want to maintain this.

And usually with all three of us, you're somehow to Darcy and then over to Phil.

Oh, yeah.

Yeah.

OK.

Are you finished?

I am finished.

And that's that's the most important thing about wiping is making sure that you're finished before you begin the process.

How does one make sure?

Because sometimes I'll be like, hey, I'm done.

And then, oh, trains are coming.

That's a good point.

Generally, your body will tell you when you're finished.

Excuse me.

I'm not listening to my body.

Is that what you're trying to say?

Sometimes it's hard to tell.

That's what I'm saying.

You disagreed with me.

I know you disagree with you.

I said most of the time you'll know and some of the time you won't know.

Well, that's exactly what I said.

And you're trying to say it like in some sort of like you're you're putting highfalutin words on it and you're just repeating my point back to me.

OK.

I think we're saying the same thing.

That's my point.

Whereas you were acting like you were saying a different thing.

Scott, would you like to be the first to demonstrate how you would clean up your bottom?

Yes.

So you want me how am I you want me to demonstrate on your bottom?

Yes.

How I would do my own bottom?

I see you're holding the paper a little incorrectly.

OK.

Yeah.

I just I reflexively grabbed some paper.

How should I hold it?

Well, your thumb is positioned.

You're going to be raking your thumb over my sphincter and that's going to be uncomfortable for me and unhygienic for you.

So what you want to do is tuck your thumb behind the paper so that all the paper is covering your fingers.

Sort of like I'm a magician and I'm like doing a card trick and I'm hiding.

I never know how they do those tricks.

They're amazing.

Like close up magic.

Have you ever been to the Magic Castle?

I wish that was in Burbank.

I do too.

I wish.

Could you import things into Burbank?

Could you like sort of gerrymandered the district to expand Burbank out more than bring things in?

That would be I think maybe they could maybe a castle like like like sort of pick it up with a helicopter and just deposit it and drop it into Burbank.

Yeah.

Yeah, we could do it.

We do it.

We have flappers and sometimes there's magicians that go on a funny magicians.

So very funny.

Oh, so funny.

So what I'm going to do now, Scott, is arch my back a little bit.

Place my hands on the table.

I'm also in my knees.

You're puckering a little bit.

Let me tell you what I'm doing.

You're going to start at the base of my scrotum and move the paper up towards the small of my back.

Towards the small of your back?

Or you?

Towards, towards, towards.

Oh, not all the way up there.

And while, while you and while you pass my sphincter, I'm going to push out ever so slightly to increase the operative surface area so that more of the fecal matter can be wiped away.

Did I get everything?

For a beginner, you did really.

I did okay?

You did really well.

Thank you.

So are you clean now?

I am not clean.

As you can see, there's still a tremendous amount of fecal matter.

Oh yeah.

I'm getting a look at that.

Okay.

So now these people are going to take a shot.

Does anyone think they can tackle a little bit more complicated of a method?

I mean, I think I could.

What about you?

I'm not interested in doing it, I'll be honest.

But I would love to hire you to do exactly the two of you, what you just did in the, maybe the backyard of the mayor of Toluca Lake, like around two in the morning.

I would be willing to hear about that.

Does he have floodlights to turn on automatically?

You'll be fully lit.

That was a concern of mine.

We'll do it on a night when there's no sprinklers.

Two in the morning, that's a bit off my schedule.

I'll have to start eating around.

This is a late dinner for you.

Well, I'll have to start eating.

Well, it's going to be- What time do you usually eat dinner?

Well, the dinner's not the problem because that's going to be the next day.

Oh, okay.

For two in the morning, I gotta back time it.

I gotta have a- Brunch?

Late lunch.

No, about two in the afternoon, I'm going to have to- Two in the afternoon for lunch?

That's not terrible though.

No, it's not terrible.

But he's clearly on a schedule.

Yeah, I don't usually like to- But you're self-employed.

That's true, but I am on a schedule.

Give me that butt, I'll wipe it.

Okay, but here's what we're going to do.

This is a technique for if you need to wipe a little bit faster, maybe if you're in a bit of a hurry.

It's called the galloping stallion.

Maybe we should have started with that because this is taking a long time.

Well, your segment took a little longer than I thought it would have.

Well, I did ask a few more questions.

You can do this with an entire classroom full of children?

Of course.

Oh, of course, it works better.

Smaller hands.

So what I've got here is four tiny squares of toilet paper and little rolled up scotch tape.

So what we're going to do is tape a square to the tip of each of your four fingers.

And then I'd like you to gallop those squares across my sphincter similar- Exactly.

Oh, okay.

Exactly.

I wish people at home could see what you're sort of doing with your fingers to really- I think they can picture a sort of four finger gallop.

As if they were- Trying to understand why the metaphor is a horse when it's about fingers.

It's about bears too.

Like bears are the ones that shit so much.

Or playing like playing a piano.

You're going to tickle your ivories up and down.

The fingers are the legs of a galloping horse.

I didn't.

So I see the toilet paper are like horseshoes.

The fingers are the legs of the hands, certainly.

Surely you can understand that.

None can argue with that.

The fingers are the legs of the hands.

Don't you think?

And what's the thumb?

The tail!

This all makes sense.

All right Darcy, you got a galloping motion going there?

I have my toilet paper rolls taped.

Taped.

Okay, and now you're going to bend over?

I'm bending over. Now for this one I have to go all the way over.

Like a downward dog style?

Exactly.

And are you very flexible?

Thank you.

Yes, you have to be.

Yeah.

And are you going to sort of...

I'm going to arch my butt upwards.

I'm not quite sure what to do with the penisum scrotum.

You don't need to worry about that.

That's the beauty of the galloping horse.

You only need to worry.

This is more for quick sphincter.

Focus right there on the bullseye.

Just...

Ready? Here we go.

And a one, and a two, and a...

Oh, oh, a little lighter.

A little too hard.

It's a little rough.

A little rough.

Okay.

How's that pressure for you?

Ow!

I'm sorry, I think the tape's...

Sorry, it's okay. No, no, no, it's fine.

Yes, there's a little bit of tape in there.

That will happen.

Should one ask about the pressure, like the level of pressure from a one to ten before doing this?

Or...

What do you mean?

Much like a massage, you know, like how...

Well usually you're wiping yourself.

Are you asking if you should ask yourself the pressure that you're comfortable with?

Yeah.

I think that's a conversation you want to have with yourself, sure.

What pressure am I comfortable with?

Should that happen before any business goes down here, or...

I think that's a good point, sure.

So there's fecal matter on the tape, I see, but you can't flush those.

No.

So you put those into...

Your kitchen trash can.

Your kitchen trash can?

You know what I do?

I just keep a tape ball, I just grow a tape ball that I keep on the tank of the toilet, and when it gets big enough, about the size of a softball...

How poorly does your bathroom smell?

With a tape ball of shit sitting there on the tank.

You know what, once it dries, it doesn't have much of an odor anymore.

That's true, that's true.

Good point.

How long does it take to dry?

You know, the average clump of feces particles takes about, I would say, ten hours to fully dry.

Too long for my blood.

You ever seen that movie, The Clumps?

Yes!

What'd you think of that?

I bet those guys took some nasty ones.

I loved it.

I saw Nutty Professor, and I thought that's not...

I bet it's nutty.

Yeah.

The poo-poo.

Yeah.

No, I was talking about the poo-poo, yeah.

I thought these, you know, side characters, I want to see more of them.

Hours.

Hours longer.

Yeah.

Repeating the same sort of phrases over and over again.

Hercules.

I could hear Hercules forever.

Yeah.

You like that movie?

Hercules?

I loved it.

Yeah.

With the rock.

He was in the animated...

The animated Disney.

You're talking about the Disney animated movie.

Oh, I was talking about the live action, the one starring The Rock.

But you...

There was a live action Hercules movie starring The Rock?

Yes, sir.

Wow.

I don't know if that came to Burbank.

Not any of the screens.

You have so many screens.

So many screens, but I don't think it did.

I remember Troy.

I saw Idiocracy there in Burbank.

Ah!

So, and that was on so few screens.

I bet you on Hercules.

Not very many screens, yeah.

You saw Troy?

I did not see Troy.

I saw Troy.

I remember Troy.

You said you saw Troy.

No, I said I...

No, you said I saw Troy.

No, I said...

I remember it very clearly.

No, I said I know Troy.

You said I saw Troy.

Because I said I don't know Hercules, the movie.

And then you said I saw Troy.

I said I know Troy.

We gotta remind this back.

And I believe Kit Harington was in it.

Possibly.

Or no.

In Troy?

Or no.

What was he in?

I feel like he was a child when Troy came out.

I don't know.

He probably had a great career before we all came to know of him in Game of Thrones, though.

I'm sure he has a deep filmography.

I don't think so.

All right.

So are these the two techniques?

They can be.

Well, I mean, you wrote five books, so clearly there are so many.

There's so many more.

I don't know that we have time for them all, but these are great techniques.

Thank you.

Yeah, these are wonderful.

And, you know, Phil, you didn't get to...

I didn't get to...

Partake and have fun.

No.

But that's all right.

Would you like to?

You know what?

I feel like I learned a lot.

You could.

There is one more technique if you'd like to.

I mean, if there's time, I guess.

Time we have time.

If we rush through this technique, I'd love to know.

Part of me being able to come here is to be able to take back something to the city council in Burbank that I learned having left the city limits.

That was one of the preconditions.

Yes.

When we had to vote whether or not I could come do this.

You guys were you against it?

No, I was for this one.

I wanted to.

Well, and where did the vote lie?

What was the final count?

It was eight to six.

Eight to six.

So but different six because you were one of the six.

Yeah.

OK, interesting.

It's crazy.

The city council.

You got a lot of politics.

Lot of fun.

The world.

It is politics.

Literally.

Yeah, let's do another one.

Well, all right, Phil, I'm glad you're game.

This one is called the plunging python.

Wow.

If you you see here, I have cut the toes off of a long gym sock.

OK, I did not know that's what that was.

These are like hobo socks.

Now, why this it had toes on it?

Well, the all socks have toes.

I don't have toes on my socks.

Well, well, I guess it's not like they're fingerless gloves where although that would be interesting if socks definitely had like I do have those for Pilates.

You do really fingerless gloves for your feet.

I was under the impression we didn't have a lot of time for this part.

And I'm not sure we should spend it.

I don't even know socks to all sense of time at this point.

I was just I was sorry.

I was trying to understand.

It's essentially a cloth too.

It's a glove for your feet.

No.

What socks?

Yes, your socks.

My socks are not.

It's a I cut the toes.

OK, that's what I think.

Clos are the mittens of the feet here.

Basically, you've cut it off.

I've cut the closed part off of the sock so that you can slip it here.

Let me put it on you so you can slip it up to your elbow.

So the sock is covering the area between your wrist and your elbow.

OK.

All right.

And then you want to stay actually fits perfectly.

Yes, it looks great.

Yeah, that's a good, good fit.

That actually goes directly from my wrist to my.

Yes.

So if you can stand short arm behind me, do I?

I never heard I did.

I guess I do.

Well, you have sock length arms.

Like I said, this is a long gym.

So I'll add that to my bio.

Where can we find your bio?

It's on our website, Burbank dot gov.

You got the dog gov.

That's the dream.

Burbank, Ohio had it and we had to fight him for it.

Oh, yeah, I bet.

So what you want to do is you want to place your forearm into the trench of my hind quarters.

And so now my hand, not your hand.

That's what you want.

The sock.

I'll be making the contact there.

And that's good.

And then you want to just plunge it up and down, almost like you're sawing wood up and down and just gather and try to rotate your arm so that the fecal matter is deposited onto different parts of the sock.

OK, so you're going to lie down on your belly again?

I'm going to lie down on my belly and I'm going to put my butt up into the air just a little bit.

You're arching your back again.

Is arching the back, is that part of this every time?

It is integral.

Now I will say, it seems like something you're just doing for aesthetics.

Because it does look great.

No, it opens the hind.

It gets the trench wide.

What were you going to say, Phil?

Just that there's not a lot left.

There's just already been a lot of wiping.

So I just.

That's right.

Applaud.

Thank you.

But you can finish the job, certainly.

I'm happy to do it.

I just.

OK.

Just wanted to say, I don't know if this was the optimal conditions.

Yeah, if it was a beginning technique, I don't know if the sock would get full or so.

There's a little bit left in that altoid tin if you wanted to smear some back.

Oh, should we put some back in?

Yeah, I would.

I would suggest.

I don't know.

I can do that.

OK, so I'm just going to smear it.

Hey, that's our studio spatula.

For the eggs.

Yeah.

OK, that's fine.

We'll just wash it.

Washing it is fine, right?

All right.

There we go.

OK, so now there's a good amount there.

I never thought I would see Janet from The Good Place.

Do you watch the show?

I do.

I love it.

Thanks.

But I never thought I would see you wiping shit into someone's ass.

Well.

When you when I started watching that show.

Look, that was the dream that someday I would get to see that because.

But whoever thought that.

No.

Well, today you said Darcy.

That's not what.

That's not Janet.

What she wants.

But you're dressed just like that.

It's not.

You're wearing the costume.

Yeah, of course I am.

The fuck are you talking about?

Jesus.

All right.

So is there a good amount there for you, Robert?

There's a great amount.

It looks good to me.

It feels good.

I need a verbal yes from you.

Yeah.

Yes.

No, it feels good.

So I'm just going to saw wood and then.

Yep.

But the tree is turning around.

All right.

Oh, OK.

OK.

Does that feel.

It feels OK.

Is it supposed to feel good or is it just supposed to be like every part of the sock at this point?

Is it covered?

Is it thoroughly saturated in fecal matter?

I don't I wouldn't say that because there's not enough to saturate it.

It's certainly it's all gone.

The streaks.

I don't know.

What do you guys do?

You do a good job.

How did I feel like I'm wearing a shit covered stuff.

So you did great.

And you can keep that.

You can take that home as a as a.

Can you take that back to the council?

I mean, I can, I guess.

To show them.

Yeah, this is one of the conditions of you coming here.

Yeah, it may.

I feel like it would be hard.

I may confuse people trying to explain how I ended up with it.

You just play this back.

Well, wonderful.

The three techniques, three of the techniques, three of the many techniques.

Wow.

Incredible.

Robert, your information has been invaluable here.

I truly hope that everyone uses these techniques.

We are running out of time, though.

We really only have time for one last final feature on the show, and that's a little something called Plugs.

This.

Oh, very nice.

That was open the folk, foking plug bag.

It would be better if it was forking because of Janet over here.

That was by Cole Collinwood Firing Squad Cole Cole Collinwood Firing Squad.

Sorry, I think I erased part of the one of the letters there, but thanks so much for that.

All right.

What do we plug in here?

Darcy, what do we got here?

Here's what I'm plugging.

Ready?

Yep.

All set.

The show is set to premiere on Thursday, September 26 in its scheduled slot.

Nine to nine thirty p.m.

Nine to nine thirty.

The Good Place is one element of NBC's two hour Thursday night comedy lineup.

It follows the anticipated new series Perfect Harmony, starring Bradley Whitford, our good buddy Bradley Whitford, and leads into Sunnyside, the Mike Schur comedy starring Cal Penn.

This is why Mike Schur ended the show.

He's moved on to this thing.

No, Daddy still loves us.

Cal Penn gets all his attention now.

Yeah.

All right.

Is that all you have to plug?

You have anything else?

What else should I talk about?

Exactly.

Jesus Christ.

All right.

Robert, what do we plug in here?

Oh, I have a new book coming out.

How long is this one?

This one is about six pages.

OK, so a little longer than the pamphlet.

It's entitled Clean What Your Mama Gave You.

What to do with the kids who weren't dropped off at the pool.

I love your titles, even if they're not always as accurate as they should be.

No, what's not accurate about that?

Well, the 30 30 wipes was not accurate.

Right, right, right.

Yeah.

And in fact, you were not doing your due diligence and discouraging people.

You were just merely not encouraging people.

So I take a little umbrage with that.

Duty diligence.

It's fair.

That's fair.

And Phil, what do you have to plug here?

Well, I like when I I want to say a word that maybe none of you have heard before, and that's tell aria to lauria.

What is that?

It's it's the thing I think we're almost excited about in Burbank right now.

It's a new center where you can live.

It's a you can shop.

Huh?

There's apartments.

It's beautiful.

And also has a Whole Foods.

It's brand new to Burbank.

And if you haven't been there, I saw Cavalia in Burbank once.

Is that a coffee shop?

No, that is the horse.

The Cirque du Soleil of horses that Larry King was very into.

Oh, I didn't realize I came to Burbank.

You're right there by the by the freeway there.

Oh yes.

That's where we have.

Yeah, we have a circus that comes there as well.

Yeah, yeah.

Oh, it was right there.

Yeah.

Oh yeah.

That'd be a good place to put the Magic Castle.

Yeah.

Just drop it right there.

Yeah.

But until then, come out to tell aria to wear one in the apartments, go to Whole Foods.

Whole Foods has a bar in it.

It has a bar with alcohol.

Oh yes.

Oh yeah.

Delicious cocktails.

Really at Whole Foods.

Better than at your local watering hole.

Oh, I mean, there's plenty of those as well.

But if you want to shop and get drunk.

You got your.

That's one of the only places to tell Aria.

All right.

Wonderful.

I want to plug.

Hey, look, the between two friends.

The movie just came out a few days ago.

Please watch it on Netflix worldwide.

We all did.

And it's great.

Oh, thank you.

So.

Oh, really?

All of you have watched it together.

So even in Burbank, one can turn on Netflix and get that.

Certainly not playing at one of the local Burbank screens.

Doesn't come to the screens, right?

Doesn't.

But it's right there on Netflix.

Also, some tour dates coming up.

We have we've just completed a bunch of them, but coming up, we have August.

Sorry, October, rather.

October 23 in Portland, Oregon, October 24, Seattle, Washington, October 25 in Vancouver.

All of those dates are with Paul F.

Tompkins, Lauren Lapkus and Andy Daley.

And then we also have November 8th in New York and November 11th in Philadelphia, November 12th in Washington, D.C.

You can get all the links for those on my Twitter if you come to the Twitter and come out and see us.

The tour has been really fun.

All right.

Let's oh, also, I think I wrote something for Marvel Comics 1001, which is, I think, out this Wednesday.

So check that out.

OK, let's close up the old plug bag.

Oh, you're right.

And open up that bag.

Close your eyes and open up that bag.

You gotta get those eyes closed.

Get them, get them, get them, get them, get them, get them.

Don't be closing, don't be closing.

Open them up and let's get loaded.

Let's get loaded and open up the bag.

Open up the bag.

That's a great song.

Yeah.

That is pretty good.

That's a really good song.

All right, boy.

Guys, I want to thank you so much, Darcy.

It's always great to see you.

Thank you for being on the show and continued success.

Thanks for having me.

And I hope you get another job because I'd hate to see that money train or that faucet just turn to the off position.

I was thinking about maybe checking out Tilapia or whatever it's called.

Tilaria.

Do they sell tilapia at the Whole Foods?

They do.

You can get tilapia at tilaria.

That's incredible.

Oh, yeah.

Wow, what a day that would be.

It would be fantastic.

Then hit some balls, eat some pizza.

Down at Baseball Pizza.

Yeah.

Champ, sir.

I'm thinking about, you know, looking for a job over there.

Phil, thank you so much for being here and telling me about your great city.

Just want to spread the word about Burbank because we're always there, you know, and that's the thing about Burbank.

It's not like what's that town that disappears?

Atlantis.

Well, that one.

The Lost Island.

That also.

But you know, the one in Scotland, I believe, that only comes around every seven years or so.

Oh, Gannamora.

Gannamora.

Oh, no.

Glocamora.

Yeah.

How are things?

From Brigadoon.

Yeah, from Brigadoon.

It's not like that, right?

No, from Finian's Rainbow.

Oh, OK.

Yeah, I think it's Brigadoon, actually.

It's Brigadoon.

It is Brigadoon, is it not?

Yeah.

It's always there.

Even on Earth-69.

Even on Earth-69 and Earth-72.

Really, all of you both.

It never changes.

That's the thing about Burbank.

And we're always changing.

Robert, so good to see you.

Thank you so much for imparting your knowledge to us.

So good to see you, too.

Thank you.

And I noticed that there's a little more that you left behind here in the Altoids, Tan.

You let some go during the plugs theme.

Yes, and that's easy enough for any cleanup crew to...

It's easy enough for any cleanup crew?

Yep, that's just a quick treat.

You're going to lay this up on the janitorial services here?

I mean, I'm sure that you could pitch in, you know, lend an elbow here.

Well, I have a lot of stuff to take care of.

Well, this is your job, certainly, and I know we're running along here, but...

It's not my job to clean up feces off the floor.

I'm a wiping teacher.

It's no one's job necessarily to do it anywhere in the world.

It's exactly the job it is.

Do you want to explain this to the janitor? Because I don't think that I can...

I don't have a rapport with the janitor here.

I don't necessarily have an incredible rapport with the janitor here.

He should, Scott. This is your place, Scott. You don't have a rapport with the janitor.

I mean, I don't... I usually, like... I'm sure that person comes late at night when we're not doing the shows here.

I just... Maybe you could leave a note or something and explain.

I'm usually up late at night calling the mayor to leave the lake, so if I'm happy to call...

Do you mind swinging by?

I can come by. I can come by.

Can you install a phone here?

I have to be in Burbank at night, but I...

Tell you what, call up the phone company, install a phone here.

I'll install a phone.

Yeah, pretend that you own the place. Is that OK?

Yeah, I can do that.

Just say...

I'll just have to break in when no one's here.

Yeah, but don't lie. Say you're the mayor.

No, I'll just say I'm the mayor.

OK. We'll see you next time. Thanks, bye.

Yeah!
