♪ Comedy Bang Bang ♪ Your mom sells dumb shells by the stupid shore. Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

Thank you, Colfax McLiverneck! Colfax McLiverneck for that wonderful cashphrase admission.

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang for another episode.

Wow, what an episode we have.

I, I, it was a true exclamation of joy, but also trying to clear my throat at the same time.

I don't know whether I covered well for it, but you be the judge.

Jury, an executioner.

We have a wonderful show coming up a little later.

We have a retired person. Wow.

That's exciting. Hopefully they have a lot of time on their hands and we'll be speaking to them about either what they do with their time currently or what they used to do.

We also have a couple of aspiring athletes. Oh, okay.

So the sports world crossing over into Sclarbro territory here, but hopefully I'll be able to juggle that. My name is Scott Aukerman, by the way, and welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

Let us talk to our first guest.

She has been on the show this I believe this marks your second appearance.

Am I correct? Indeed.

I may have asked that so I could clear my throat while you answered and you just chose one word.

I, I'm sorry. Yes, indeed.

I have been on the show two times. This is my second time.

My first time was a while ago.

It's very good. Okay, good.

She is an author and was a teacher.

I'm not sure if you're a teacher any longer. No. Why?

Of course not. Oh, God, no. The children used to be our future.

They no longer are. It's over. The world has no future.

It surely does not. She is also a podcaster.

She has started her own podcast company, which I don't like to have the competition on, but it's a real bummer of a network.

So mainly I'm here to try to put you out of business to discourage you.

I appreciate the company is called lemonada and the first podcast on the network just launched with her as the host last week.

It's called last day. Please welcome back to the show.

Stephanie Whittles wax. Thank you.

Hello. Hi. Do you need to clear your throat again?

I kind of do I just got back from some live episodes.

Yeah late last night and kind of the shouting has taken its toll a little bit, but I so please pardon me if I as Denzel Washington said in love scenes.

Pardon me if I get excited. Pardon me if I don't get excited.

So pardon me if I do pardon me if I clear my throat, but pardon me if I don't clear my throat and sound raspy.

Who knows I like a raspy voice. Have you ever done a love scene in one of these movies with Denzel Washington all the time?

I mean, I can't all the time gentle with it. Very very gentle Stephanie.

You were on the show previously. I would say approximately a year and a half ago.

Two years ago somewhere in there. Sure.

Yes, it was one just agree with me. Yeah, I like to be agreeable.

Yeah, I think it was in 2018. Sure.

17. I really don't fucking know.

I can't remember you don't know when your book came out.

My book came out in 2017 2017 you were here.

I believe it was it may have been in the 2018.

I had a son. Let me start off this.

Hi, let me clear my throat. I came on your show in 2018 Kevin over here, by the way, who now likes to be called Kev inexplicably and as I said, I don't know but he mouthed 2018.

Yeah, which before I knew what he was doing just look like the most supple like, yeah, like happy birthday, Mr. President whispering and I was like, oh, he's trying to give me an answer of what's going on.

It's 2018 2018.

So you're here last year final answer. I was here last year.

I was here. I was pregnant.

I was with child at the time. Yeah, you were and by the way, I have an alibi. Okay. Okay. It's Denzel's my son.

Pardon me if you do have a baby.

Pardon me if you don't have a baby.

That's what I say before every sexual encounter.

I'll check back with you in nine months.

You your book was called and I'm never going to remember the title.

So I'm just going to let you say it.

Well, what do I think the title is?

What do you think it is? Hey world. Guess what?

I think more books should start with Hey world.

Guess what? And then just whatever the book is about.

It's fine. Every okay.

It started with everything. Yep.

Everything is horrible and wonderful at the same time.

Go fuck yourself.

No, what was it? That's exactly it.

Very agreeable. Everything is horrible and wonderful.

A tragicogment. Fuck tragicomedy tragicomic tragicomic memoir.

Oh memoir. Yes. I said memoir and people made fun of me for it.

But I as the French say memoir memoir of genius, heroin, love and loss.

That's right, which was about our the good friend of the show, Harris Whittles, who was on the show many times.

Here it comes again.

Was that emotion or was that clearing your throat?

That was clearing the throat. No, no emotion while I clear the throat.

I try to keep happiness or sadness out of it because who knows how that will affect the clearing.

Understand. That was about your experience as the sister of Harris Whittles and your experience on the other side of what he went through.

And that was the last episode.

Go check that out if you want any update on the book.

It's selling selling. It's in the world.

I mean, is there going to be like an afterword or anything you're adding to the book or anything?

There's nothing to add there.

Story's done. Story's done.

It's been told. No, it was I didn't expect for the book to be a book.

I wrote the book because I thought that I was dying of grief and I needed to not do that.

That's what I hear. That's what Dick Francis did.

He was dying of grief. So he decided to write about horses or he is a horse.

We've never been able to figure this out. Is Dick Francis a man or a horse?

Do you? You're an author. You must run into him on some of these publishing things.

Is he a horse? Yes, he is a horse.

Yes, he's a horse. Knew it. Yeah, knew it.

I came here to clear that up. Yeah.

So you wrote the book.

It came out, I'm going to say in approximately 2018 because Kev has left the room.

It definitely was. I've decided resolutely.

It was 2018 and it did pretty well.

Did you, I don't know, make the advance back?

I don't know how these things work. I did.

I did advance back a little walking around money on top.

I my kids are fully going to college. Little lettuce for your tomato.

I don't know if you guys know this, but book writing is extremely lucrative.

Very lucrative. You will make so much money writing books.

So yeah, it's all good. We're so you tipping valets now.

Exactly. All right. Never did that before. Never did.

It was like a thing. I didn't realize what happened.

Yeah, but now I took valets.

We'll dispose income. Exactly.

So that is out. And then now you have turned your attention to podcasting.

Yeah. Describe this process.

I mean, I saw what you were doing.

You know, I came on the show and I saw you and I thought I want to do you be your be you.

I want to be your life. Yeah. So here I am.

You're welcome to it.

Oh, Kevin, aka Kev, has brought me a hot tea instead of the cold tea that I am currently drinking.

Should I switch it up? I think.

What do you say? Let's take some calls. Should I switch this up?

OK, caller, are you there? Hey, hey, hey.

Hey, who's this? Hey, this is James.

I'm in West Hills. West Hills. What state, sir?

What's the question? What state are you in, sir?

I don't know the West Hills area. Minnesota. Minnesota of West Hills.

Yes. So should I drink?

Should I switch the hot tea or should I drink the hell?

No, really clear throat all day, baby.

You found the show, by the way, or you just like calling people?

No, huge fan. This first time caller first first time ever calling anyone, anyone.

Big texter. Read some of your last texts.

If you don't mind. Hey, I think I'm going to call in Scott.

Who are you texting that to? That's that's my best friend.

Can we get him on the line? Can you three way?

Call him in, please. Yeah.

Sure. I threw out. He's never received a call from me.

Beep beep. Hope he picks up.

Oh, I'm getting a call. I'm getting a call.

Oh, you're getting a call. Pick it up.

Hey, man, what took you so long to answer?

I thought I was calling you. I've never used this before.

No, I was beeping into your line. You get my text?

Yeah. You called him? Yes, I got.

Hey, who's this? Yeah, Scott's on the line.

Hey, we three way now. Yeah, who's this?

Hey, my name is John.

Why do you say hey before every single sentence?

I'm just greeting you. Not that one, apparently.

Don't get the don't drink.

He's about to say in the national anthem.

The national anthem starts with O say, O say can you see, sir.

Don't get the flag out tonight.

How does it go? What is your name, sir?

Did you say John? John?

Yeah, John. And what was your name?

James. John and James.

And how did you guys meet? Panera Panera working or eating or neither?

I was working. He was eating.

Oh, okay. Did you ever switch it up sometimes?

So why up your friendship?

Yes. Well, he does work there and occasionally I will eat there.

Okay, so you didn't meet working because are you on opposite shifts?

Opposite shifts.

But I would always come in and go, oh, whoever did the closing work last night.

All the everything is in the refrigerator.

Yeah, all the side work is all the ketchups are married.

All the muffins have been thrown away because you just trash all those muffins.

Yeah, if you give them to someone and they get sick, they could sue.

Yeah, they sue. So don't drink the hot tea.

Oh, so you fall on the don't drink the hot tea.

Yeah, because he texted me. He said he's going to call you.

Yeah, well, so you don't why shouldn't I drink this hot tea?

It looks delicious. We want to hear that throat flim.

Big fan of the show or big fan first time first time of what?

Listening. Listening. Big fan.

So I've only been talking to Stephanie here for approximately eight minutes.

I love it. I love it.

If every episode's like this, keep them coming.

Yeah. Do you guys have a manager at work?

It seems to be like one of you should be working right now because you're on opposite ships.

I don't know who has the day. We're with Gersch.

I do with an era looking for management.

Can we get him on the phone because I think one of you is slacking up.

Here we go. I'm calling him or he's calling us. Can't tell.

Hold on. I think I'm getting a beep. Yeah. Add him to the call at him or her.

All right. Hello. Hey, what's going on?

Hey, this rising too high. Yes.

To how high is too high, sir. Exactly.

Three feet. The price is rising.

What is this? De La Soul? The bread is three feet and rising.

You someone's got to get back to work. Too much yeast.

Way too much. Which one?

She used to not enough care. Which which one of these two is supposed to be working, sir.

I can't tell between James and John.

I don't know who's doing what you're supposed to be texting me by the way.

I'm sorry. I was I was in the I was mid text and I don't have I message and I made the call.

And so my what's your name, sir? Jingleheimer Jingleheimer.

Okay, and you've been you're at Gersch. That's right.

And you're basically representing them for working at Panera.

That's right. And you get 10% of their minimum wage paychecks.

Twenty twenty. We don't have a manager. So you got to give your agent 20.

Okay. Well, I thought he was a manager. Well, I'm a manager at Panera, but I'm an agent at Gersch. Yeah. Okay. He gets none of our percentage at Panera.

Oh, okay. Yeah, because he's packaged it. Yes. Okay.

When you say you package it, what exactly do you mean?

What did you package? Well, I packaged the moccasins every morning.

Wax paper. Yeah. Little sticker to to to goes to go.

You don't know what to go is you work at Panera every day.

I'm like, do you want it to eat here or to to and I always got a slow.

I'll be sitting in the back finishing my turkey sandwich.

I was like to go. It's to go is what you're trying to say.

You're always eating there when he's working and vice versa.

Well, he's my best friend. Oh, that's sweet.

I need new clients. All right. I'm hanging up.

Bye. Bye. Wow. So drink the tea.

Yeah, I think they fell firmly on the drink the tea side of the equation.

That's where we landed. So tell me about these podcasts, Stephanie.

You have one that you're hosting called Last Day.

And that is out now. The first episode just came out.

Yep. And two episodes are out because episode zero is out as well as episode one.

Is that correct? What about episode two?

What happens there? We're going to get there.

You're going to really next week.

Wait, what day do you release these? September 25th.

OK, well, those are out. But what date?

What day of the Wednesday? See, that's what I'm saying.

In two days, there's episode two days.

Yeah. You know, time, you know, years. I don't know what a calendar is.

I'm sorry. Why are you apologizing? You don't need to apologize for this kind of thing.

I feel bad about it. You're agreeing with me.

No, no matter if I'm wrong. I don't know what a calendar is.

I don't know. Tell me about the show.

You're, of course, an effervescent presence on the mic as listeners of this show have certainly experienced.

But tell us about your own hosting style as well as what the show covers.

Yes, thank you. Talk about the style first.

OK. I appreciate you calling me effervescent.

I think that's the nicest thing anyone's ever said to me.

Oh, really? Yeah. I need to talk to your husband about this.

Talk to him. Call him. Yeah.

So the show is I wouldn't call it a comedy.

Would you call it a comeback? Don't call it a comeback.

You've been here for years. Yes. Yes. I wouldn't call it a comeback.

OK. Yeah. It's it is about things that are killing us. So it's super fun.

I know I'm selling it badly. Let me start over.

It is a show about the elevator pitch.

Like if you only have 10 seconds to talk to me. Right.

Here's here's what it's about. Basically, I don't know if you know this, but everyone is. Thank you. That's good.

Everyone's dying of the opioid crisis.

Oh, yes. Yeah. I don't know if you've heard that.

If you've read that, I, I read I passed by an article once about yes.

One time, one time somebody wrote an article about that.

Fugees. Yes, exactly.

And it's killing more people than car accidents now.

And you know, after Harris died, I was like, people would say, you know, my my person is having this.

They're struggling with this. What do I do?

And I was like, I don't know. I mean, I mean, we we do.

You went through it.

It wasn't like you went through it and learned everything you need to know.

Right. Yeah, we didn't. It didn't work.

And it's kind of a bleak answer.

But is it do the opposite of whatever you did?

Basically, every single choice.

Yeah. Like if you turned left on don't do anything I did and you will solve the opioid crisis.

Yes. So I don't know.

I was like kind of opioid it out.

I didn't want to talk about it.

I wrote the book. I was like, you know, I don't really want this to be the focus of my life.

I'm not a bummer of a person. I don't know.

What do you think? No. Yeah. I mean, yeah.

I mean, I've hung out with you for approximately 90 minutes of my life.

And I think that including the episode we did.

Yeah. No, I know you're you're a fun, wonderful person who I've known for a long time.

And you're not I mean, this this was didn't take up any of your life previous to this.

And now it takes up the focus.

Yeah, all of it. So what is the show?

So the show is basically we take one person's last day and we zoom in on their last day.

We walk through from the moment they woke up a person who is no longer with no longer with us and everyone.

When this happens, you go, why did this happen?

What happened to this person? Why? You know, why? They're great.

What happened? And so we are trying to figure that out.

We're trying to retrace their steps and then we zoom out a little bit.

We talked to their family. We talked to their loved ones.

We talked to them. We zoom out a little bit more.

We talked to EMT. We talked to the ER doctor.

We talked to treatment facilities, policymakers, mayors, harm reductionists, all these people.

And everyone's like, this sounds like, you know, is this a bummer?

And I'm like, actually, it's not because everyone's like, oh, everyone's dying.

There's nothing to do. But when you dig in a little bit, there actually are things to do.

And that's what the show is about.

And when you say you talk to these people, are you going to them or are they coming to you?

I'm interested in the process. In the process, yes.

What are the travel arrangements? Yes, I get on a microphone in my studio in Houston, Texas. And they all come to you.

So when you say you talk to the EMTs, they have half an hour of their day.

Ambulance down with the sirens blazing right into the studio.

And we talk. No, we you know, I don't know if you know this, but the world just happens remotely now.

You don't have to be in the same place. That's right.

I for some reason, I require all of my guests to be here.

But every once in a while, we'll get a weird phone call like the one that we just took.

Right now, what are you going to be?

Is it is it exclusively people who have died of the opioid crisis or are you going to take other people who have died of other things like, say, Benjamin Franklin?

Yes, we the second season is on Benjamin Franklin.

Yes, we it's a whole twenty five episodes about about him.

What about talking to people who may die in the future?

Which is just people, right? Yeah. Just generally any human.

People are all pre corpses, as I like to call them.

We're all yes. Ticking ticking time bombs.

No, it's it's it's something that seems sad, but I host it in my personality.

So I make jokes. There's jokes. I say fuck a lot.

Yeah. So fans of that word. And I don't like I don't like it being said on this show.

I have a tight leash regarding that. But you've already said it twice.

And that's your allotment. So.

Fuck, yeah, I did it again. I'm going to have to find you.

I'm so sorry. I can't help it. So you say that word a lot, which is unprofessional and you want to make a career at it.

Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Does that feel good to you? Does that work for you?

Another Denzel quote. Forgive me if this does feel good for you.

Forgive me if it doesn't feel good for you. Yes.

So and the first two episodes, episode zero and one are out.

And what do you discuss in each of these?

The first episode, we talk about, you know, who I am, why I'm doing the show.

We talk about Harris. We have the lovely Sarah Silverman and Aziz Ansari come on episode to talk about Harris.

We talk about Harris's penis quite a bit in episode one.

That is an automatic pass for me.

I thought that would really pull you in that you would be into that. You know, we it's I didn't want to tell Harris's story again because who cares about him?

You know, really? I think, of course, fans of this show. OK.

Other than them.

Yeah. Yeah. Well, yeah, it's a niche market. It's a niche market. No, but I felt like I had you know, we had told Harris's story and I Harris died of a heroin overdose.

But that's not everything about him. And I and I felt like, you know, for it was really I was really hung up on, you know, my story with Harris.

And after I wrote the book, I got just is this like shitty to say like so many messages from people telling me about people who died on them.

Right. And it was like everyone is struggling with this and there are a lot of stories to tell.

And so I feel like this has been really therapeutic for me.

And I think that it's going to help people.

To how have how have the families involved? How do they like the experience of talking about it?

Is it something that they are, I guess, excited is the wrong word, but eager for the opportunity to do to shed some light on their loved ones?

They are actually. So the first season is the story we're telling is a guy, Stefano Cordova Kramer.

He is actually my partner's brother. So the reason lemonade exists is because Jessica Cordova Kramer was executive producing Pod Save the People with DeRay.

And she heard me on Terrible Thanks for Asking, which is a show about how life is.

You mentioned a lot of other podcasts. I don't like it.

Frankly, sorry.

Yours is the only one that I love.

Steer it back into talking about Bang Bang. So they heard you on Bang Bang.

They heard me on Comedy Bang Bang. They were like, this is the one she's amazing.

And she's in a relationship with Denzel and she's got it.

We got to get her on.

So Jess reached out. She's like, hey, my brother died, too.

And, you know, do you want to do a podcast about the opioid crisis?

I was like, what seems more fun than that? And I was a week away from giving birth to my son, Harry.

I got a story about that, actually. Oh, you do want to run?

Well, you want to segue segue into that or is this an off mic thing?

No, no, we can talk about it. Let's see. Let's this is a sidebar conversation.

We'll be getting back to those of you who are not used to sidebars.

Yeah, we're going to steer the conversation onto another topic briefly and then come back for the end of this.

Yeah. So so if you want, you can fast forward.

If you're if you're just so into this part of the story that you're like, I need the answer to how this whole thing came about.

Yeah, just fast forward. Keep hitting that skip 15 seconds button and eventually you'll get there.

But we're going to now move into a different story.

Yes. And I'm glad that you built it up as much as you just did.

Because it's going to be really good. And I'm going to want people to call in.

Yeah, we'll get some callers. So at what point do you want them before in order to shape it or or midway?

Midway. Midway. I'm going to ask a question and then we'll have callers.

OK, great. So my son was born in twenty eighteen.

I do know that for sure. OK. And so always think about your son in the book as being born in the same year.

That'll help you. Yes. Thank you for that tip. I appreciate that. From now on, I will.

So if you ever forget how old your son is, be like, how old is my book? Right.

Exactly. Yes. So my son is born and we were you know, when you have a baby, you have to decide to name them.

Go ahead. Well, thanks for that. I'm sorry.

Let me explain how it works. You decide to give them a name, a name.

They need to be called something. And the doctor is kind of upset if you don't have one.

It's like I got a lot of doctoring to do. Yeah. You have to fill out paperwork to leave and you have to put something on there.

So we knew, you know, we're Jews. I don't know if that was clear. When I said effervescent, that's what I was alluding to.

Yes. So we we were we're a bright and shiny people.

And we name a lot of holding chairs up in big circles.

Exactly.

Dancing around. Yeah. A lot of joy, you know, no, no stress.

I love the whole lifestyle. Exactly. And we name our children after dead people.

Right. That's part of the culture. So we knew that my son was going to be named after Harris and the whole pregnancy.

I was like, OK, I want to use the name. I want to name the kid Harris.

But typically you you can use just the initial. You don't have to do the whole name.

OK, so I'm named after my grandfather, Sydney S. OK, got it.

So but you can do it either way. So we were like, OK, so why not use Hiram?

Well, Harris is actually named after Hyman. Oh, OK.

The thing that he liked the most things.

Wow. Talking about his penis, of course.

Back to that topic. That was good. That was good. Good throwback.

One of his favorite activities. Yes. Yes. His favorite pastime, Hyman's.

And so I was like, you know, Harris was the best, greatest person.

Love him. I'm going to name the kid Harris. But I I don't know.

Like I kept going. Is it is it going to be too hard? Am I going to get sad?

Constantly saying the name over and over. Exactly. Because I don't want to do that.

I don't want to burden the baby with sadness. Right. You know, I mean, he would imagine.

Most people who are named after, you know, people who have gone have struggled with that.

I perhaps unless it's like an old person. Yeah.

An old person. Then it's an honoring the exactly.

Yeah. Where it's like, you know what? They had their time.

They're done.

You know, Harris. It was a little it was tragic. I'm not going to say little.

It was pretty fucking tragic.

And every death maybe is tragic, especially mine, if it ever occurs.

It won't. It won't. Thank you. It won't. It won't.

So the night before the baby comes, I had a C-section, so it's all planned.

Night before, we were like, we got to figure this out.

And so we're going back and forth and we said, all right, we're going to do it.

We're going to name him. Put on a pot of coffee. We're figuring this out.

Figuring it out. And and so the baby was born.

We named him Harris.

He went to the NICU for a little bit because.

Can I do another sidebar? Oh, OK.

For those of you who are not accustomed to these, occasionally this happens.

We do a sidebar within a sidebar. Yeah.

It's easy to get lost in these, but it's sort of like an inception dream within a dream. But we'll we'll guide you through it.

We'll get back to the original story.

And I trust that you will navigate. Thank you very much.

I have some some experience with it, so I'm accustomed to it slightly.

I believe I'll be able to steer us back into the original conversation.

You have a talent in that area.

So white boys, it's this thing in the NICU called wimpy white boys.

So when when babies are born, what's this now? This is real.

The one this is this is this is not how I expected this sidebar to start.

So white boys, white boys, they're the worst.

I mean, I know I'm I see some in this room, but this is this is a medical season, say some facts that the babies who go to the NICU the most are white boys.

They are so really wimpy white boy syndrome is what it's called.

They that's the official title or this is something that they NICU nurses say.

This is what OBJIN say.

Probably stop saying this.

Just I report.

OK, but this is something that is a known thing.

Wimpy white boys. Yes. W.W.B.

Yeah. So I produced a white boy.

I sounded like Michigan J. Frog there for a second.

Anyway, go ahead.

And so so and black females are the strongest, actually.

They they apparently can be it's the lungs.

The lungs have to develop.

And so, yes, I'm just laying down knowledge for you guys here today.

So I'm coming back to my original story.

So that was the that was the sidebar.

I'm sorry. It fell flat.

I apologize. So I need to apologize for a sidebar within a sidebar.

I just I mean, there's a lot of pressure here.

You know, I want to get the sidebar within the sidebar.

Right.

Now, now I'm going to guide you back to the conversation.

The previous sidebar that we were in, which is your your son, my son, Harris, and his at the time Harris at the time went into the NICU, went to the NICU.

I called I said, this is Harris's mom.

And I broke down weeping, sobbing.

You could barely say it couldn't.

I it was awful.

I was like, I'm not Harris's mom.

Harris has a mom. It's my mom.

I can't. You're Harris's sister.

I'm going to cry. What if you said I'm Harris's sister?

Right. That would be weird.

I gave birth to him and I know it's weird.

And but I'm his sister mommy.

Just go with it. Just go with it.

It takes a village.

So I told Mike, we've got to change the baby's name.

And and Mike, Mike had just figured this out the night before.

He's like, we wasted all of last night.

That's right. That's right.

I could have I could have been playing video games. Exactly.

We put that pot of coffee on.

We we had it out.

So we named the kid.

So he didn't have a name. The baby's nameless.

He was untitled wax project for two days on the board.

My mother finally from Mississippi.

I believe you've met. Oh, of course.

She said, y'all, I need to post the baby on Facebook.

So name the fucking baby, you know?

And I say so.

This establishes, by the way, and this is very important in storytelling, a ticking clock. Yes.

So you need to put it on Facebook.

And she's given you a deadline of perhaps 120 minutes.

I mean, yeah, I was going to say within the hour.

OK, within the hour. Boy, six are high.

Six is high. All right.

We're naming you for your whole life.

So what do we do?

Last all reference. Oh, my gosh.

You're on it. You're on it.

Go. So we named it.

We decided Harrison, which originally I was like, I don't know.

I don't feel like my baby would be Harrison, but he came out with blond hair and blue eyes.

Well, he's got hair.

Yeah. And I just I just feel like Harrison is like a I don't know, like it just feels like I don't know, like an like an Ivy League.

Yes. Kind of prep school.

Asshole. Exactly. OK.

Thank you for saying that.

But your baby has blond hair and blue eyes and doesn't seem to be like that.

He's not a prep school asshole.

No, no, I don't find him to be that way at 16 months old.

Right.

Yeah, I find him to be deeply enjoyable most of the time.

So we name him Harrison.

Jules is the middle name named after Mike's grandfather.

And Nick Kroll's father.

Good to know. Good to know.

I actually that was the other one we named.

We named him after Nick Kroll's father.

So we we we started after we left the hospital.

We started really leaning into Harry like his name is Harry.

OK, we've never called him Harrison.

He wouldn't know that was his name.

Harry is his name. Right.

Few months ago or walking through the airport and Mike says like, you know, Harry Jules.

And I'm like, what? Oh, what do you mean?

Harry, like like we named our kid Harry Balls.

Yeah, Harry Balls wax.

So it's like Harry Balls, Harry Balls, wax, Harry Balls.

It's like a question and an answer right there in a name.

Right.

Harry Jules, Harry Wax. Exactly. OK.

So like we I was very angry at Mike that he didn't flag this.

Yeah, exactly.

Because he knew because a man who has been made fun of as much as presumably he has should should have should be attuned to this kind of thing.

Why would you not?

Exactly. So I I want to change his name.

I want to he's had the name wax forever.

His whole life. He should know all the different options.

The Bandersnatch of different things that you could choose.

Exactly. Right.

So now we're in this position where I want to legally change his middle his middle name, middle name to something that's not Jules.

Right.

Let's take some calls. Thank you. All right.

Hello, caller. Are you there? Yes, sir. Yes, sir.

You're back. John James. Sorry.

James Jinglehammers, my manager. Right.

You've been listening to the show? Yes.

Were you confused at all about the various segues that we went down?

Well, I just so you know, time works the same in sidebars as a dozen inception.

It does. Yes.

So a lot of time has gone by through each of those sidebars.

It felt like not a lot for you, but a millisecond here on the regular podcast.

Two years older now. Oh, you are. What? Yes.

How did you celebrate your birthdays?

Listening to your podcast. Really? OK.

And one of them at Dave and Busters. Right.

OK. You still working at Panera?

Lobster bisque. Order. Order.

What's the word? What's the word?

Order to go, sir. Order to go.

I am at play. I'm having a sandwich right now.

Oh, OK. But do you work at Panera still with your your buddies?

Yes. Yes, I got demoted.

Yeah, we got demoted.

You all got demoted. That's right.

I'm now a shift manager instead of a general manager.

And what are you, John?

I have gone from counter to back of the house.

OK, what were you doing?

You were order. OK, you were telling.

Yeah, but now they keep me back there and I move boxes around.

And then what do you do, sir?

Now? Well, I was a sandwich artist.

Now I am a sandwich apprentice.

OK, more Hyman stuff.

More Hyman stuff. Scott.

Yeah, I'm here.

I still have a need to clear my throat, by the way.

I know it's been two years for you.

You must be very excited.

We have not been hearing enough throat clearing.

So you guys, where do you land on the the middle name change?

Well, my my name is John's full.

John's full. John's full.

So like so like like the toilet is all it is packed.

And what's your last what's your last name?

All the time. All the time.

What is the John's full all the time?

What is the the origin of that name?

It's so you got it.

Scott all Scottish all the time.

Wow. Yeah. So I said, you know, I know.

And keep it. You say keep it.

Keep it. Keep it.

Yeah. What do you say?

Uh, what was your name again?

So James, James, James, James.

What's your middle name?

My middle name.

You know this, you know, you know, it is.

OK, I'm not pulling out my license.

I'm not pulling out my driver's license right now.

If you say one and it does, it's not it doesn't work.

You're doing it again.

Because we want the real one.

All right. We want the real real.

All right. Look at my license here.

James is my first name.

Of course. Of course.

Middle name, crap.

Crap. No, no, no.

The real one. The real one.

That would work.

Do another one.

OK, let's see.

So it's not crap anymore.

Before you do your second one, I want to say my middle name.

Yes, I know.

Heimer shit.

Yeah, because I've heard of John Jacob Jingle Heimer Schmidt.

Not me, but Jingle Heimer shit.

Yeah, shit. And the last name sandwich.

Oh, no. OK.

Jingle Heimer shit sandwich.

His name's my name, too.

And you're you're a person who works at Panera.

So that's yeah, that's adding insult to injury there.

Yes.

It was the thing we talked about when I first interviewed him.

Oh, you interviewed him?

Yes.

I used to be a manager.

Oh, you are just are all of you constantly getting demoted?

Eventually, you'll all just reach the status where you're kicked out into the street.

Yeah, I own the commercial space that this is in for a while.

Really?

And I'm going down the chain.

I don't want to take advice from these people.

OK, so I mean, we got demoted sandwich artists.

I don't know.

Let me ask you this, Stephanie.

Yes.

Your grandfather, who the Jewels is named after or who's the Jewels?

Oh, that would be Grandpa Jack.

Are you going to be worried about him being mad if you change the Jewels?

Are you going to keep it a J name?

I mean, he's dead.

OK, so are you worried he's going to come out of the earth and maybe take your baby's soul?

If you change his middle name, some sort of golem kind of city or a golem rather.

We're going to keep it a J name.

It could be a golem.

Could be a rumplestiltskin.

Yeah.

Is it is it you can't change it to Jack either because Harry Jack.

Harry Jack.

Harry Jack Wax.

Jack Wax. It's a lot. It's a lot.

I don't like it.

What about Hole?

Harry Hole.

Harry Hole Wax.

How about Harry Hole Bleached?

Something like that wax.

But Hole Bleached is with a W?

Yeah, it's just everything you get it at when you get a Brazilian.

I think that's Harry Hole Brazilian bleach wax.

I think that's the best option I've heard thus far.

I vote for that one.

OK, are we voting?

I didn't I just thought you were giving your opinion.

Are you are the three of you voting?

And then you'll offer the one opinion.

That's right.

Yeah, we'll.

OK, it's like Family Feud.

We're going to huddle up real quick.

Yeah.

So, James, you voted for nay.

Say no, I'm a yay.

You're a yay.

Harry Hole Bleached Wax.

OK, and then John, how are you voting?

I'm going to be a yay.

OK, so two yays.

I'm afraid the yays have it no matter what.

I'm a nay.

Just to register.

I'm going to start over then.

Wait, it has to be unanimous?

Yays count as two.

We need a quorum.

I thought John was a keep it and embrace who you are and love who you are.

Although now he likes, yeah, this, I mean, you just got pulled in by the.

John or James?

I don't know.

I really don't know.

John, I did.

John Full of Shit.

What was his name?

Yes.

John's full all the time.

Yeah, I did like it, but then I heard Holes Bleached.

And I like it.

Can you make me at least this promise, Stephanie?

Absolutely.

When your baby's 16, play him this episode.

Please.

Oh, I will.

All right, we got to go.

All I'm sure we'll be talking to you later.

Bye.

Well, wonderful.

So now I believe we have to get back into the original story, which was you were telling us about.

My podcast.

The podcast.

Right, right.

So I was going to have this baby who is named Harry Jules Wax.

Right.

And we heard all about the Wimpy.

We got that.

Yes, he was Wimpy.

He was fine.

He got at the NICU.

All's good.

And I was like, I don't know if I don't do this podcast.

It sounds depressing.

And then I read this article that opioids are killing everyone in the world.

And I was like, you know what?

I would like that not to be the case.

And so we started working on the podcast.

And once we started working on Last Day, we realized that lives are terrible in a variety of ways.

Did you know that?

I only know my personal way.

Well, terrible, right?

Terrible.

I don't listen to anyone else complaining about anything.

Good.

That's probably the way to go.

So what are the other shows on the network then?

So we've got a show called As Me with Sinead.

Sinead Burke is, she was just on the cover of British Vogue.

OK, missed that one.

Yes.

Well, check it out.

Check it out.

No.

The, the, what's the, Meghan Markle?

She was the guest editor of that, of that.

And she did a.

Still not.

OK.

Yeah.

OK.

No thanks.

You haven't gotten you yet.

Float in your boat.

Nope.

Haven't gotten you yet.

From the cover to who was the guest editor.

I'm uninterested.

OK.

Fine.

Let's just scratch that line of talking.

Sinead is a little person.

She was the first little person to go to the Met Gala.

This is, do you care about the Met Gala?

Does that?

Yeah, I'm slightly interested.

Are you interested in that?

OK.

Is that due to being the first person invited or, or just everyone else has had other things to do?

Yeah.

Everyone else.

Does that have other things to do?

OK.

Great.

Sinead has been.

So she RSVP'd.

Wonderful.

She is the one to go.

She's been working with Gucci and Prada and all these lines too.

Gucci, Gucci, Prada, Prada.

That is a, that is a clothing line.

Did you know that?

Now I'm into it.

Are you into it now?

And they make clothes for one type of person.

One type.

Which is not.

One of Fuji's.

Not most of, not most of us.

Right.

And so Sinead works with them to diversify.

And she's an advocate.

She's amazing.

So she sits down with lots of interesting people.

I read Jamie Lee Curtis is in the first episode.

And.

A woman named Kulap Blysok.

I don't know if you've met her.

Still not incredibly interested, but continue.

Yeah, right.

OK, let me, let me go.

Tig Notaro.

You met her.

Oh, OK.

Getting there.

Warmer.

Riz Ahmed.

You know Riz Ahmed?

Oh, of course.

Yes.

Yeah.

So she talks to these.

From that Star Wars movie.

You ever seen one of those?

A Star Wars movie?

Yeah.

I don't know if I have, actually.

You don't know if you've seen a Star Wars movie?

I don't think I have.

OK.

Check this out.

Yep.

There's this dude, Darth Vader.

OK.

And he's wearing sort of like a Japanese kabuki outfit.

Yeah.

With a big helmet.

OK.

And he talks with like that dude in The Lion King.

Yep.

The King.

The former King.

OK.

Right.

And.

James Earl Jones?

Yeah, that dude.

And he's the father of this other dude.

It's fucking crazy.

Wow.

And he's got lasers and shit.

And it happens in space.

Yeah.

You'd really be into it.

OK.

Yeah.

Sounds riveting.

OK.

So is the podcast about Star Wars?

Yes.

It's exactly what it's about.

And yet two podcasts don't make a network.

There's got to be a third.

There's a third.

It's called Good Kids, How Not to Raise an Asshole.

OK.

And it is essentially a quasi manual for raising better human beings.

OK.

And who hosts this?

There's no host.

No host.

No.

It is 15 minutes.

Every week.

And it's a different person talking about whatever you want to talk about related to child rearing or just like people are dicks in the world and we want to have less of them.

How do we make people who are better?

So from child rearing to getting rid of adult children.

Exactly.

Yes.

You're not talking about murdering these people.

You're talking.

Well, everyone likes true crime.

Oh, that's true.

So this is like a pre-true crime podcast.

Complaining about people you hope die.

Exactly.

Yeah.

Well, that's wonderful.

And these other two shows are coming out in the next few months.

October, November.

October and November.

Getting very close to that day where that fat man comes down the chimneys.

I don't know if you, oh, you don't celebrate that.

But.

I heard about that day.

Yeah.

I heard about that day.

It's really fun.

You'd like that in Star Wars, honestly.

If you ever want to not be Jewish, you get Star Wars.

You get Christmas.

Yeah.

I don't have to name my kid after dead people.

Right.

Yeah.

It sounds like a winning win-win.

Well, Lemonada is the network, but you can get any of these shows on the regular places that you get podcasts, iTunes, Spotify, anywhere.

All you got to do is look them up by name.

Your show is called Last Day, and two episodes are out now.

And another one comes out on Wednesday.

And then every Wednesday thereafter, a new thing comes out until either the Earth burns up or.

The Earth burns up.

Yeah.

Until the Earth burns up.

The other thing that's going to kill us all.

Exactly.

All right.

Season two.

Yes.

We need to take a break.

When we come back, this is very exciting.

We have a retired person and two aspiring athletes.

This is what a show.

We're really running the gamut here.

We'll be right back with more Stephanie Whittle's wax, more talking about Harry Ball's wax, Harry Bleach Brazilian wax.

We'll be right back with more Comedy Bang Bang after this.

Comedy Bang Bang.

We are back here.

Stephanie Whittle's wax.

Lemonada is the network.

Last Day is one of the shows, the premiere.

It's fair to say flagship show, right?

I mean, if it's the first one, you would.

OK.

That is out now.

And you can hear a couple of episodes out right now.

And let's get to our next guests.

They are two aspiring athletes.

I don't know what that means, whether they hope to be in the majors or they hope just to become athletes and have never played a single athletic sport before.

But we'll find that out.

Please welcome Shemp A and Cory A.

Hello.

You're saying hello like you're on the phone, but you're actually sitting right next to me.

Yeah, sorry.

I wasn't sure if anyone was listening.

I'm never sure.

Oh, OK.

Yeah, no, they're out there listening.

And you're Cory, am I right?

I'm Cory A, yeah.

Cory A and Shemp A over here.

Hey, can you hear me?

Yes.

Everybody hear me down there?

You don't know.

Sir, I'm above you.

You're a very low chair.

Hello, gentlemen.

So good to meet you.

This is Stephanie.

Hi.

Hey, Stephanie.

How you doing?

Pleasure.

Thank you.

The pleasure is all mine.

It's all mine.

Thank you.

No, some of the pleasure is mine.

As Jim Zell once said, the pleasure is all mine.

What were you saying, Cory A?

This is some of the pleasure is mine.

OK, we all share the pleasure, certainly.

The pleasure may shift between us at various points in the conversation.

It's equally shared right now.

But yeah, 25% apiece.

Swish.

Now, that is a basketball term for a lot of our listeners may not know.

That is the term for when a basketball is thrown by a player, or I guess anyone could do it, a dog.

There's nothing in the rule books about that.

Dogs do it.

Well, they added it in the rule books after the movie.

Oh, I bet they did.

The movie, they found the loophole.

Yeah, that would, boy, I bet a sequel would be very hard if they added that in the rule books.

Well, we're right now working on the sequel.

It's trying to find a new loophole for a dog to play.

OK, you're being paid.

Yeah, I'm dressed up as a dog for the movie.

Oh, so you're a human, and there's nothing in the rule books about a human dressed as a dog.

That's right.

It's called Air Guy.

Air Guy.

It wasn't previously, the first one wasn't Air Dog, by the way.

No, it was Air Butt, so we went with Air Guy.

So are you guys screenwriters, or you're aspiring athletes?

Swish, Scott.

Swish.

OK, by the way, that is the sound that the net makes when the ball does not hit the rim at all.

I always thought it was swoosh.

It's not swoosh?

Swoosh is, have you ever seen the uniforms that these players wear?

Yes.

Occasionally, they'll be wearing sneakers that are Nikes, and they'll have a little bit of an insignia on there, which is a swoosh.

And our good friend, Christian Bruhn, dressed up as one once in a play.

Wow, beautiful.

Yeah.

So swish.

Yeah, well, we are.

Yeah, you covered what we brought.

That's it?

Yeah, we just wanted to come and say that we're.

You wanted to come and say, yeah, you can get all that out of the way.

We know you want to come.

We know you want to say this.

Just say it.

Well, we just want to let everyone know that we're inspired.

I know you want to let people know, yes.

But just say what you came here to say.

Hello.

Say what you mean.

Say what you're here to say.

Does everybody know we are trying to play basketball?

Yes.

We're here to promote that we are aspiring athletes, and we're trying to play basketball.

So if anyone can help us, swish.

So you want to play basketball.

At what level have you ever played?

Well, we both played division.

What was it?

What was that?

Six.

Division six college.

Yeah.

OK.

And previous to that, you had played in high school?

Well, we were on a club team, the Wimpy White Boys.

Oh.

Uh.

And so we toured with ACDC.

ACDC.

So ACDC would, they're a band.

Blue Oyster Cult.

These are bands.

They would have people playing basketball as an opening act.

Swish.

Big swish.

OK.

Swish is the way you say yes.

I'm sorry.

Swish.

I said, OK.

Swish.

OK.

I got it.

Swish.

So for a while, punk bands would have stand up open for them.

Sure, yeah.

Well, so some of these rock bands saw that, and they thought, well, we can do something like that.

So they had basketball teams coming open to a game before.

What is this, like a two on two or a one on one game, or a full court?

Seven on seven.

Isn't that more than our actually?

It's a lot more, yeah.

Yeah.

So you might have a guy who's all time ref on there, and then two extra players to fill out the court a little bit.

Right.

And then you get the audience pumped up.

OK.

So there's hype men, essentially.

Yeah, so.

Those are the extra two.

I'm a center.

I like to play center, but I can also play hype man if the team needs me.

Yeah.

That's right.

And I like to play point guard, but I can also take out the trash.

OK.

And so you guys played, you were in a club in high school, and then you went to Division 6.

Swish.

And now you want to play more basketball at what level?

NBA.

The National Basketball Association.

Yeah.

OK.

And that's what we love.

It's the most popular basketball club or clique that there is, as far as I'm concerned, in the United States.

I've heard of it.

You've heard of it?

Yeah, I've heard of it.

OK, that's great.

There used to be the ABA, which was very popular, but not as popular.

Somebody saw SemiPro.

Yeah, he certainly did.

Andy Daley was wasted in that, I think.

Drunk or?

I heard he's had big alcohols.

Just huge drugs.

He may be on your show for this.

Indeed.

Yeah.

We already have him booked.

So.

You heard it here first, Andy Daley's going to die soon.

So you guys want to play within the hallowed halls of the NBA?

Swish.

And why is it the money?

Is it the level of competition that excites you?

Fame.

Fame, just fame.

So a lot of people would rather be wealthy, more wealthy than famous.

You just want the fame.

I want to go.

I don't want to have a good time with my family anytime when I go out.

I want to be interrupted.

I want to be recognized.

Yes.

And I want to be famous for a thing that people can't enjoy when they meet me.

You want me to dunk on you?

I'm in my loafers.

So you're unable to perform any of the tasks that they see you doing on TV.

Right, if you see Nicholson, he'll do a Here's Johnny for you.

Sure, yeah, he'll do a I'm Batman.

He'll eat the big sandwich.

Yeah, he'll throw up like he did in The Witches of Eastwick.

Yeah.

Throwing up the cherries, I believe.

He'll do any of those things.

But you guys, you're in your loafers when you go out.

I've only seen Witches of Breastwick.

Oh, OK, yes.

I've only seen Edward Penisand, so it's very similar.

So what?

So why not wear athletic shoes when you go out for a night on the town?

That's a big brick, Scott.

That's a brick.

That's not a swish.

That's a big brick.

We do not like to answer that.

So it's not that you don't want to do it.

You don't want to answer it.

Yeah, that was a bad interview question.

So you do want to do it?

I just got two bricks in a row.

A brick, not that I'm wrong, but that you just don't want to answer.

Sure.

OK, so I'm presuming you do want to do both of these things.

You just don't want to wrestle with this question.

Listen, we love loafers.

We wear loafers.

Are you in any kind of club like the Loafer Club?

How do you mean a club?

Like guys that just hang out and wear loafers?

Does that exist?

Based upon their interest in loafers.

I mean, I'm not saying are you part of a club where just every once in a while you'll look down and go, oh, wow, look at this.

We're both wearing loafers.

I'm saying that wearing loafers is primarily the reason that the club exists.

Well, we were on the cover of Loafer Aficionado last month.

OK, well then that answers the question.

And the month before we were on Loafer Fancy.

Really?

OK, and were you invited to the Met Ball?

Yeah, we didn't RSV.

Who was the guest editor of Loafer Aficionado that month?

Meghan Markle.

Really?

No, sorry, Angela Markle.

Angela Markle.

Oh, very different.

Very different.

So guys, what is keeping you from playing in the National Basketball Association?

Right now, money, I would say.

Yeah, money.

Money that they're not paying you because you turned down a contract or money in order to.

Well, as you can tell, we're not in shape.

And we need money.

I wasn't going to say anything.

I appreciate that.

That's a swish.

Now, we need money for trainers, for equipment.

Balls.

Mike Balls.

You take you.

Jules.

You read my mind.

Yes.

Jules, which is, you would call it the rock on the basketball court.

You should pass the Jules.

I don't know, maybe someone would throw Killer Mike an LP at you or something.

Right.

Yeah, exactly.

Yeah.

So you don't have the money to get into shape.

Maybe you need money in order to buy a handbook for the NBA of the rules of the game.

Well, we looked up the handbook for our movie Air Guy.

So we know the rules inside and out.

Yeah, we did a lot of research.

But yeah, we just need mostly a trainer.

Money, exposure, people to know we want to play.

Sure.

So that's why you're on the show.

We're on the show today to tell everyone that we want to play in the NBA.

Right.

This is taking care of the exposure part.

I don't believe you'll get any money out of this.

Well, let's talk about that.

Oh, OK.

Let's talk about that.

You can do a GoFundMe, right?

Yeah.

OK.

Scott, will you GoFundMe?

GoFundYourself.

GoFundYourself, swish.

Basketball player, fund thyself.

But seriously, we need some money.

OK, all joking aside, you need money.

Maybe we could do a podcast on your network or maybe on yours.

Would this fit into the Lemonada brand, do you think unemployed basketball players who are out of shape but know the rules really well inside and out?

Apparently, you know, we like to, you know, make make lemons lemonade from lemons.

So I feel like we could we could bring you on.

Maybe it would be about their quest to perform at that level.

Eventually ending up either where they achieve their dreams or rebuke them.

We don't know.

I'm going to say brick on that one.

Oh, brick on having a podcast on her network.

No, on that premise for a podcast.

Oh, OK. What premise do you want?

So it's a clang from you and a brick from you.

Picture picture podcast for my network.

Well, isn't a swish also could be an airball.

No, that's a movie with a dog.

Right.

But yes, I guess if you airball, you hit the net, it makes the same noise.

But you wouldn't say swish.

You'd probably say, why don't they start saying that?

Like, because any time I've seen an airball, the fans go air ball and they talk the guy.

Why don't they go swish?

I think it's maybe a little it sounds supportive almost if you said swish.

Maybe one of airball is to humiliate someone.

OK, but why?

Then why doesn't his players, his co teammates turn to him and say, don't listen to them. Swish.

Why don't they condescend to each other more on the court?

Sure.

I don't presume to tell them how to play.

I mean, that would be your guys's responsibilities.

If you ever get onto a team.

Now, Stephanie, this is a great podcast.

We go on a deep dive into basketball lingo.

Yes. Yes.

I go traveling and basketball is not what you're used to it.

Meaning you're not getting on a plane.

You're not going.

Sometimes the players do do that, do they not?

Or do does everyone drive to every game?

From what I know, everybody drives to every game solo.

Really? Yeah.

There's nothing in the rulebooks about that.

Nothing in the rulebook, as far as we know.

OK, Shaq has to drive because he's too tall for a plane.

Sure. So does he take out the backseat like Hightower did in those police academy movies? Who do you think you got the idea from?

Oh, really?

Police Academy is based on Shaq's NBA career.

Swish. Wow.

Yeah. Swish.

Justice Winslow, formerly the Miami Heat.

Oh, he still plays for the Miami Heat.

Is he Michael Winslow from the... Exactly.

Wow. OK.

He's never actually scored a point, but he makes the sound of scoring points or he'll make the sound of a block and it'll make people think it happens.

So does he say swish and people are like, oh, my God.

They just scored points and yet he never even threw the ball.

Yeah. Two points on the board or three, depending.

I don't know if you know this, but if you throw it from a little bit further away, you get three points. That sounds crazy.

That's crazy. Brick.

You don't like that rule. Just research basketball.

You got two people who are going to be basketball players.

What's your, you know, so traveling.

Sometimes that means when you walk around the court or sometimes the players run, but you're holding the ball instead of bouncing that round thing on that flat, flat earth. That's right. That's exactly how we describe it.

That's right. And you want to go see a basketball game?

They bounce a round thing on that flat, flat earth.

Well, and the bouncing the ball on the ground is the best part.

Yeah. That's the most fun part of basketball, isn't it?

I'm a dribble specialist.

See what I'll do.

I'll take the I'll take the ball and I'll dribble for the whole twenty four seconds till I have to give it up to the other team.

Because it's fun. Possession is nine tenths of the game.

That's right. Of the law as well. And dribbling.

That also has a basketball meaning.

I mean, Stephanie, sometimes that you're I'm sure Harry would do that.

Harry dribbles. Yes.

What about that for a name?

Harry dribbles. I think that's Harry dribbles.

Harry dribbles, anal leakage, wax, wax.

Do you have maybe a great grandfather or grandmother named dribbles that he could be named after?

Or just anyone who was into basketball at all?

Oh, my grandmother's name was Dorothy.

There you go.

Duh, duh, duh, duh sound.

He likes to say duh, duh, duh, duh, duh.

That's his favorite word. Really? Yeah.

OK. He's very smart.

So you want everyone to know that you want to be in the NBA.

You know some of the rules.

And we want you to give us the money, the money for trading.

That's why you're here.

You're here to make your case and get money from Scott.

Yes. So now we have officially introduced ourselves.

Oh, wait, that was just the intro.

All right. Well, let's get to the meat of this podcast.

Scott, we're also here because we're your long lost brothers.

We need it. That can't be true.

We love you. We love you, baby.

Who loves you?

Who loves you more than someone that's telling you right now?

I I in what circumstances were we separate?

Excuse me, separated.

I don't recall exactly my parents ever talking about this or.

Exactly. Yeah, it's a tough story, isn't it?

Oh, yeah.

Well, you know, our parents, they had triplets when we were all born.

Notice the resemblance between the three of us.

That's a brick, unfortunately.

You guys are so out of shape.

I'm not saying that I'm in peak physical condition, although, you know, I will say any time I go to a hotel, I immediately ask the whereabouts of the gym.

Hey, as long as you ask the question, only person in there.

But I don't see any resemblance between the three of us now.

OK, but imagine us, but nor between the two of you.

Why are you kidding me?

You got to be joking me.

People ask us all the time.

Are you guys related?

We're saying you're the same last initial.

Why do you live together if you're not related or what's up?

Or at least dating or.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

You guys, you're arm in arm like brothers.

Well, we're going to we're about to take a big charge.

We're we're that's a basketball term as well.

But also could be a term in life.

I don't know if you've ever had a credit card, Stephanie, but occasionally those get big. You've never had a credit card.

I've never had one.

They're fun. Yeah.

You'd like it. Star Wars, Christmas and credit cards.

They all go together. Learning a lot today.

I'm impressed by that. I like a person who doesn't borrow.

Now. Now, that's an interesting thing to learn, because from what I know, from what Jay-Z's told me, Jews love credit. Yes.

And you're telling me right now that one of the lyrics, I'm sure he stands behind the most of these days.

Well, they want everything in America.

Yeah. Yeah. Jay-Z's words that we agree with.

But you don't own a credit card.

I mean, I, I, I, I may own one truth comes out.

OK, maybe one. And you just got truth.

That's a podcast right there.

Oh, wow. That is a podcast.

I just I just didn't want to play into the stereotype.

You know, I just want I didn't want you guys to think that I was a Jew.

Oh, well, we are.

Oh, you got so this is another way that we're not related.

Scott, you were Jewish.

Scott, you're Jewish. Yeah.

Scott, everyone can tell you can drop the rules.

We know. We know.

I thought it would hold me back in show business.

I just didn't want to say.

Well, the jig is up.

You better leave town.

Everyone knows.

So now that the intro is over and the sort of the foyer of the conversation, let's get into the let's get out of the antechamber and get right into the kitchen where everything's hot.

Scott, let me pitch you this.

Would you run a weave with us?

Would I run a reeve with you?

We've we've I can't speak good.

Run a weave. Do you know the weave?

The weave? No, I don't.

It's a basketball term, is it?

It's also a hair term.

That's right.

Why doesn't basketball invent new words that they exclusively own?

These these could be trademarked by the NBA.

Instead, they're using all these words that other people use.

Traveling, dribbling, swish.

Well, we tried to pitch them airman.

We tried to get them airman as, you know, sort of the logo of the league.

This is different from Air Guy.

Yeah, it's a guy was the movie.

Air Man is just a still image of one of us laying up a basketball laying up.

And it's a photo of one of us.

And we're laying it up. We're serving it like food on a tray.

Oh, I see. So as opposed to the Jordan, he's dunking.

Yeah, you guys are going underneath trying to tip it in.

But ours is photo realistic.

It's not this stupid one color thing.

Ours is photo.

You know, like they say three color because they those three, I don't know.

That's right. You can see the Mimi's Cafe in the background.

But the full Roy G Biv.

That's right. Right.

And even a little bit of violet.

That's in Biv, isn't it? That is it.

Yeah. All right. It's all of them.

Then you're correct. Swish. Swish.

Swish. Everybody's swishing around up.

Yeah. So the full QWERTY, the full Roy G Biv, everything.

Yeah. So as your brothers, we thought maybe a little family loan.

You could loan us some money and we could accept it.

What's that? We could accept it.

We'd accept it as your brother.

That's how loans work. I know.

I don't think you came here to ask me for a loan.

We turned down equal transaction.

If you offer it, I want to accept it.

Sure. We did Shark Tank and we turned down the money.

You did. Yeah. We didn't know to turn down a loan.

Who'd you turn it down from? Mr. Wonderful.

Yes, I wish.

I wish he was wonderful.

Yeah, we wish he was wonderful. Yeah.

More like Mr.

What with more like Mr. Brick, Mr.

Brick, Mr.

Whiff, you said that's a baseball term, I believe.

Well, we're also pretty interested in branching out.

Really? You play baseball as well as basketball.

Well, the Deion Sanders route.

Yeah. And then the Jordan route as well.

Oh, yes. That guy did it to that guy.

You guys, you have to know your basketball players if you're going to play.

Oh, we do.

Who's your favorite?

The Bo Jackson. Bo Jackson.

OK, three sport athlete.

Yeah, you have how many did he play? Well, football, football, certainly basketball and highlight.

I didn't realize highlight was part of that's the one.

So I don't think I'm going to give you any money.

Sorry if that's why you came here, but this is nice exposure for you.

And that's the reason why people do podcasts, right?

Yeah, we got into it for exposure.

Exposure getting our name out there.

Well, I guess we'll just take a role in the Between Two Ferns movie and we'll get out of here.

Oh, no, that came out 10 days ago.

Sorry, guys. Yeah, it's out.

Yeah, it's out. You're not in it.

Really?

What are mom and dad going to think about this?

Yeah, sorry.

And then and then even some people that I put in it aren't even in it anymore.

Oh, my God. Oh, no.

Yeah. Well, maybe you could replace them with us.

Yeah. You got Champé, Correre and Scott A.

I'll put you in the deleted scenes.

Sure. Delete my scene. I don't care.

I don't care. Sure. Why not?

And we'll just be there for the commentary when we record that.

Yeah, well, we'll get there.

We'll definitely get there.

And look, guys, can you stick around?

We have to take a break if that's OK.

But we have we have a retired person coming up.

OK, yeah. We call that a time out.

Yeah. Well, it's a lot like you guys currently as you're on time out with your career.

We'll be right back with more Stephanie Whittleswax, more Champé, more Correre.

And we have a retired person coming up right after this.

We'll be right back with more comedy. Bang, bang.

Comedy, bang, bang.

We're back here with Stephanie Whittleswax.

The Lemonada Podcast Network currently has one show and currently it's a show at which point it'll add a show next month and will become a network.

That's how networks work. Yeah.

And then a third show will be added and then some will get canceled and some will, you know, just end prematurely due to circumstances of life.

And that's, you know, just keep on rolling along.

As you do until the world burns.

Last Day is the podcast that you can get two episodes of which right now.

We also have Champé and Correre, two aspiring basketball players who know some of the lingo and approximately, it seemed to me, from listening to you, 80 percent of the rules.

Well, we have to get to our next guest.

He's a retired person, and I'm not sure what job they had previously, but we'll be talking to them about that.

Please welcome to the show, Tater.

Hey, how you doing, Scott? How are you?

You want to grab me voice? You want some hot tea?

Yeah, no, I'm going to keep it cold.

We should take some calls about whether he should take some hot tea.

Yeah, they get a little cold.

Yeah. Callers, are you there?

Yeah, that was our cue. We're on.

Yes, we're on with you Scott.

How y'all doing fellas?

Hey, this is James and this is Jingleheimer.

That's right. Where's John?

Hey, what's up?

John is here.

Hey, how you doing, John?

Tater here is wondering if he should drink some hot tea like I decided to.

Yeah, I'm got a pretty gravelly voice.

I was wondering what you want me to do.

You don't want to be listening to this the entire show.

The and obviously southern gravelly voice.

I don't know. You don't know exactly where I'm from.

Well, the name plus the accent, it just kind of combined to being automatically southern.

What do you guys think?

So our options are hot tea or nothing, or is there something else on the on the list?

Yeah, I mean, certainly hot tea.

You want me to bring hot tea?

Do you want me to eat this sand or do you want me to have a cup of hot tea?

Well, I'm used to someone eating a sandwich around me, so that's the closest to what I see.

Yeah. James here works at Panera, and he's very used to not only eating there, but also working there during both occurrences.

People eat around him.

Oh, yeah. Well, I could eat the sand.

Eat the sand, baby.

Mm hmm. But maybe put a little bit of the sand in the tea.

OK, is Andy T. Yeah, that's what I'd like.

I'd like a sandy tea.

Wait, who was that?

That's that's John.

Yeah, I don't recognize that was at all.

Hello. Who is her?

I'm the mayor, the mayor of West Hills, West Hills.

Oh, I'm taking a lunch break.

Oh, OK. I don't think I know what I'm here to say.

Or any mayor, I presuming you didn't think you'd talk to the mayor of West Hills.

No, no mayor.

I've been trying to get a meeting with the mayor.

He won't meet. Do you live in West Hills?

Taylor? No, I know you're southern.

Yeah, I live in Alabama.

So why do you want to meet the mayor of West Hills?

I want to meet the mayor of my town.

Oh, I see. OK, so he'll allow me to sell my stuff on the beach.

Mayor, I didn't get your name, Mayor.

Mayor Ron. Mayor Ron, do you think you could broker a meeting between the mayor of Alabama?

I and Tater here.

I think I could call down to Alabama.

What town are you from?

Tater West Hills, West.

Oh, West Hills, Alabama.

You said, Taylor, up for that one.

Good job, Tater.

No problem. And you want.

So you guys all think that he should drink the tea with a little bit of sand in it.

Tea with sand is my.

All right. We got to go.

Well, thank you. Thank you.

And Mayor, such a pleasure.

Very. The pleasure was shared.

OK, bye, guys. Bye.

OK, so, Tater. Yeah.

You want to sell your stuff down on the beach? What's this?

Yeah, no, I sell stuff on the beach.

I thought you were retired.

I am retired, but that's what I retired from is selling stuff on the beach.

So you no longer sell stuff on the beach?

I no longer sell stuff on the beach.

But you want a permit to sell stuff on the beach?

You want to be unretired?

That's right. I want to get back out of retirement.

So you previously sold stuff on the beach.

Yeah, you stopped. What was the reason you stopped?

I just couldn't.

It was getting me. I was getting sunburned.

OK, you're getting sunburned.

You stopped selling things, but I was not selling sunscreen.

OK, so you let the permit lapse.

Yeah, I let the permit lapse and then they arrested me.

I had too many straw hats.

They arrested you for that?

I had too much. Were you?

Inventory on the beach.

Oh, you kept your inventory there.

Yeah, yeah.

Even though you were no longer selling it.

That's right. That's right.

OK, so it was almost like you were storing all of your belongings on the beach?

Yeah, it was like I was living on the beach, which I was.

OK, so you were living on the beach.

I think I got arrested for living on the beach.

It wasn't an inventory problem.

No, but I had to call my stuff my inventory.

Of course, yes.

So you were living on the beach.

Are circumstances in your life not working out for you exactly the way you planned?

Or is that something that you chose to do?

No, it was just I fell on hard times.

OK, yeah, but I was it was a nice little place there out on the beach and I was living and I could sell a few of my things.

Well, the beach is nice. Is that what you're saying?

Really?

I didn't have a place.

It sounds like I'm going to live at the beach.

Yeah, it's nice.

That's why a lot of people buy property on the beach.

Is that why?

Because I run property.

Oh, yeah.

Yeah, so I was living under is really, really nice.

But yeah, they said I can't sell my stuff no more.

So I'm just meaning to live there. Right.

Yeah. So I'm out here traveling.

I thought I was waiting in line for the Ellen show.

Waiting in line for the alien show.

The Ellen show. Oh, the Ellen show.

Same thing as far as I'm concerned.

Oh, damn. She's weird.

She weird to you. Yeah.

Not the circumstances of her marriage or anything like that.

I wasn't thinking that.

No, no.

Just like maybe the lifestyle of being a host in a show, being super famous, super rich.

Yeah, maybe that is weird.

Yeah, alien life.

Yeah, exactly.

So you thought you were waiting in line for the Ellen show?

I don't know. Waiting in line for the Ellen show.

On the beach?

Am I not currently?

You are not waiting in line for the Ellen show.

This is not part of the getting into the Ellen show.

This is not part of the Ellen extended universe.

Oh, I thought maybe for a second they want to find out about me.

So when I dance, they'll be like, that's dater.

I would like to see you dance if that's what you're talking about.

All right. Here I go.

OK. Oh, what a weird combination of styles.

I see everything from the 50s, the 60s, the 70s, songs that the whole office can agree on.

I know a time life actually approached me about all my dances.

They want to meet a dance and then sell little videotapes of it.

But you said no.

I said no, no, no.

All right.

I know someone with a catchphrase of no, no, no.

Oh, no, that's right.

There's another character.

I know that guy.

Was it a character?

He's kind of a character.

Yeah, I guess he was.

Yeah. So he said no, no, no.

So he had had said no, no, no.

Yeah, but you don't say no, no.

That was chance.

That was just chance.

Do you have a catchphrase?

I do.

You know what I like about this podcast?

What's that?

Not a goddamn thing.

Not a goddamn thing is is not a goddamn thing.

The catchphrase or is it the whole thing?

What do you know what I like about this podcast?

I don't place anything up top and you can say not a goddamn right.

What do you like about the police over there on the beach where you were arrested?

You know what I like about the police over there on the beach where I was arrested?

What's that?

Everything.

You like them.

When they're sleeping.

People when they're asleep are like innocent newborns in a way.

I like everything when they're asleep.

It's impossible to sin while you sleep unless you're having a wet dream, I guess.

Yeah, that's a sin there.

That's a sin.

You're a religious fellow tater?

Yeah, you have to go tell that to the guy in the box.

Are you talking about a priest or is there a different guy in the box that you go to?

There is a man I tell everything bad I do who lives in a box.

On the beach there?

Yeah, he's close to me.

But it is a form of therapy.

Really, you can tell anybody anything that make you feel better.

Yeah, certainly.

Now, do you have something going on?

I know you have a gravelly voice, but it almost sometimes sounds like you're dipping into one of the people with the holes in the throat who has the voice box.

No, I do not have one of those.

They based that off of me.

They based the really the sound of those voice boxes?

I did record.

They heard you.

I recorded.

That's actually my main form of income.

Oh, okay.

This wasn't the Time Live people, was it?

Wow.

VO for the box.

Do you record common phrases or just vowel sounds and consonants?

Everything, vowel sounds, consonants, common phrases.

Mm-hmm.

So people, you think once someone puts the box to their throat, they're speaking, they're putting it to their throat and pushing a button that says the words they want to say?

Yeah, sometimes they got a contact in their eye and they're going around and they're choosing the thing they want to say like that.

Oh, really?

Yeah.

Really?

Okay.

And that's me and I am independently wealthy.

You are?

So then why live at the beach?

I thought you fell on hard times.

Yeah.

Hey, Leland, when I was, I got so used to being down and out that when I got money.

Oh, you're unaccustomed to it.

It's like those soldiers who are so accustomed to sleeping in ditches.

When they come home, they dig one in their backyard and their wife is like, why aren't you sleeping with me?

It's like, this is what I'm used to.

It is based on something that is really devastating.

Why I live out there.

Right.

So you have money to burn.

I got so much money.

That's why I'm out traveling.

Really?

Well, there's a couple of guys here who could use some of your money.

Speaking of traveling.

Yeah.

Swish.

All right.

Have you ever watched that fun, fun game where people bounce around thing on that flat earth?

I love it so much.

Baseball.

No.

Well, sometimes they do bounce that.

And that's usually after they hit a ball, sometimes to the infield, sometimes to the outfield.

I was talking about basketball.

The earth in baseball is a little rougher than in basketball.

It's not a flat, flat.

There's got the mound, the mound, you have bases, which are sometimes obstacles that stick out of the ground.

The rosin bag.

Obstacles.

We couldn't play.

We didn't play baseball very well.

Cause we treated the bases like obstacles.

Like our brother said, like a steeplechase kind of situation.

Yeah.

And so we never ended up tagging bases.

We were great hitters.

Yeah.

But you would just jump over those.

So everything had to be a home run with you.

Yeah.

But even that you have to touch every single base.

If you don't, is that truly what happens in baseball?

If you don't touch those bases, they, they, what they can't tag you out because you hit a home run.

What happens?

The game just stops.

What if someone were to be like, no, I'm jumping over the bases and then went home and it was like, I'm home now.

What would the umpire do?

The game can't continue, but the game, but no one can tag them.

I think they would cancel the sport.

Really all baseball is done.

Yeah.

Get rid of the league.

Wow.

So these guys need money to get, to get their bodies in shape.

And I actually need some help emotionally, Scott.

Oh, okay.

The guy down at you were arrested.

You no longer talk to the guy in the box.

No, I don't hold to him.

And I was wondering if you will help me out because now that I have introduced myself.

Oh yeah.

Boy, that was a long intro.

I was wondering if you will help me out emotionally because you are also my brother, Scott.

Well, I don't, I don't think I'm your brother.

Oh yeah.

That's right.

How's it going brothers?

Good to see you, baby.

Well, you guys are brothers.

We're all brothers, Scott.

I don't know about that.

You know what?

I'm I don't, let's not forget our sister over here.

I mean, thank you.

I was feeling a little left out here.

I think Stephanie is a family.

Stephanie is a little bit more accustomed to dishing out advice on her network.

I think some of the shows are advice networks.

Maybe you could direct some of this to her.

Yeah.

Let me help you.

All right.

Well, you know what I like about, you know what I like about this?

Not a damn thing.

Not a goddamn thing.

Sorry.

I was, uh, uh, out of deference, I was going to say G slash D.

Yeah.

Don't say that.

Stephanie has a, how's grandpa Hyman?

Dad.

Sorry to break it to you more gently.

Our grandfather.

I don't know any of you people.

What is it?

What is your, what is your, uh, what do you need advice for?

Yeah.

What's going on?

I didn't need some help, but how do I move into my big mansion?

Yes.

I did.

Yes.

Seems pretty clear.

Yeah.

Cut and dry.

Pretty cut and dry right there.

All right.

I guess I will.

All right.

Thank you so much.

All right.

But you said also though, there, there must be more.

Also, I wanted to do a set visit to pretty little liars.

It's not taping anymore.

I believe it's finished and concluded its run.

Damn it.

Yeah.

Well, uh, do you, what about it?

Which of the liars is your favorite?

I like Lucy Hale.

You like Lucy Hale.

Really?

She's the main liar.

She's well, I mean, I, I think they all share the lies equally.

Yeah.

I mean, there's a lot of pretty little liars in Congress right now.

Whoa.

Swish.

You know what I like about a girl in a ministrate?

Who wants that?

Everything.

When they dead.

Not that we're wishing for that to happen.

Or we'll be trying to take steps to make that happen.

No, not at all.

You're not a violent person at all.

I would assume.

Or are you?

I have been known to be violent here and there, but only when I'm pulling hard off of a cigarette.

So pull it down hard.

So when you're smoking, you're violent.

I'm violent as hell.

I've seen you take down a whole cigarette in one long drag.

I do one long puff.

They put it on YouTube, get a million views.

Oh my God.

Have you ever seen that little kid smoking on YouTube?

I have.

I think I'm very familiar with him.

He is in my head all the time.

Yeah.

He's caused a lot of deaths.

He has, he has.

A lot of collateral damage with a certain person.

I know.

Something about smoking funny though.

Yeah, it is funny.

And it makes you violent.

What do you think that is?

Is it the nicotine trigger something within you?

Yeah, I think it's the nicotine.

I was in there smoking a cigarette the other day.

I went back into a bar and I just got in a big old fight.

Really?

With whom?

With the waiter.

The waiter at the bar.

Yeah, they ran out of club crackers.

Are club crackers free at certain bars?

Yeah, you know when it is.

It may be, but you got the, you got the...

Occasionally there'll be peanuts that are free in bars.

And then anytime you go to a Mexican restaurant, for some reason, we've all agreed that they're forced to give you chips for free.

Yeah, that's a fucked up agreement that they got in.

Things you have to pay for at Subway, they'll just give to you.

Yeah, that's tough for these Mexican places out here, but I'm telling you, those club crackers though they have for the chowders, they ran out.

The chowders?

Chowders.

Okay.

Free if you order a chowder.

Exactly.

Yeah.

That's the tacit agreement between the bar, restaurant, industry, and the customer is that if you order a chowder, you will get crackers for free.

Yeah.

You know what I like about when the chowder show up, there ain't no crackers.

What's that?

Mine ain't good.

Oh man.

Jesus, that sand I was eating was tough on me.

Yeah.

You haven't been able to smoke the entire time you've been in here, by the way.

I know, it's driving me nuts.

Yeah.

Well, we don't want, I mean, we don't want you to get violent and just start throwing elbows.

That is true.

Which is another basketball thing.

Is it not throwing elbows?

It's a brick Scott.

I'm sorry.

Big brick.

Don't they try to get there underneath that, uh, the round old hoop?

Um, maybe back in the day when guys like Rodman would play, but now everyone's pretty nice in the NBA.

Oh, they are.

They're nice guys.

Yeah.

Not a lot of elbow throw, more handshaking than elbow throw.

Really?

So when everyone gets under the rim, people shake hands and just...

We shake hands and whoever the ball bounces to gets it.

Hmm.

Okay.

That's a fair sport.

Well, if you're willing to, first of all, move into that mansion.

Yeah, definitely.

No brainer.

And if you're willing to pay for these guys to get trainers, uh, which are shoes sometimes, by the way, especially in England.

So don't get confused for that.

You're not just buying shoes for them with that, uh, wonderful swoosh on them.

You're actually, uh, uh, paying for physical trainers for them to, uh, lose the pot bellies.

Nothing can really be done about the height.

Ouch.

Yeah.

You guys are pretty damn short.

Okay.

All right.

Oh, so I'm short and fat, so I can't play in the NBA.

That's what this is now.

Oh, I mean, you can do something about the weight.

I'm, I'm, uh, or maybe not.

I don't know.

Well, that's, I need some, that's why we want it then investment.

If okay, if the training's not going to be enough, maybe I'll get feet implants.

Meaning like an extra foot?

Not to make you taller.

So you add, you add, Okay.

I thought you meant like another foot coming out of your knee.

No.

Why would that help?

No.

So you don't might get another bigger feet to make you taller.

I feel like you usually get shin implants or maybe feet.

No, you add to the bottom of the sole of the foot.

So a thicker foot.

Stilts.

On the bottom of the foot.

Like a stilt.

We want platform feet.

Platform feet.

Okay.

Yeah.

So, yeah, maybe just, um, we're looking for a 10% investment, uh, an evaluation of, uh, two big feet, uh, off of you.

All right.

Well, listen, I, listen, I'd be willing to do the investment.

I do have some stipulation on.

Okay.

Yeah.

What are you doing?

Unlimited cigarettes for me.

They're not selling cigarettes.

Where do you want this?

Sold.

Really?

All right.

So that's good.

We got that.

Also, I get to DJ every game.

Wow.

I mean, they already have a hype man.

Yeah.

Well, I don't know.

I got that old red dirty computer that I DJ.

An old red dirty computer.

That old red dirty computer.

Are you talking about the candy IMAX?

No, it's a Vio.

Oh, it's a Vio.

Sony Vio.

So I don't know guys, unlimited cigarettes, which means I think you're just going to have to buy him cigarettes all the time.

Yeah.

We do run a duty-free.

Oh, you do?

We're at the airport?

The airport.

Yeah, of course.

Oh wow.

Yeah.

Um, we are, we run.

That duty-free is set up really in the middle of everything.

Like after the duty-frees have ended.

Right.

We're the last duty-free before you get on your plane.

Yeah.

We're on the, uh, between the check-in counter and the doors.

Oh really?

So just right there on the jetway.

You get the last duty-free.

And you really haggle people.

You don't let them just browse through.

No, no.

And we follow them around and ask if they're looking for anything.

Right.

You know, I split up with them.

Why don't you get the money for your basketball from this, uh, emporium?

It sounds like you're doing quite well.

The duty-free is all money for our kids.

Oh, you have children.

Yes.

How old are these children?

Um, four and 18.

Four and eight.

Okay.

So is the four year old yours because you said four?

Oh, that's his.

That's his and the 18 year old is yours.

Yes.

Okay.

Great.

Okay.

Well, so you guys, even though you're good friends and by the way, you're too old to play basketball with, that's the other thing I wanted to say with an 18 year old short and fat.

Yeah.

The platform feet are not going to do it for you.

I mean, how old are you?

You seem like you're in your late forties.

Well, I'll close 56.

56.

Oh, yeah.

You can't play basketball.

What are you talking about?

Not the reunion we expected.

I think you can do anything you want.

Thank you sis.

I appreciate that.

You're welcome.

Yeah.

Well, uh, so do we have a deal though here for the platform feet?

The cigarettes?

I'm all in.

You're all in, which is a poker term.

I call.

Okay.

We have a call.

You call.

Too rich for my blood.

I'm out.

Okay.

Well, let's go over to the black gang.

Thanks.

Okay.

Well, look guys, we need to, uh, uh, do our, we're running out of time.

We have just one final feature on the show and that's a little something called plugs.

Yeah.

All right.

That was plugs by bike thieves.

Uh, thank you to bike thieves for that wonderful catchphrase submission.

Okay.

Let's, uh, go around the horn.

Stephanie, what are we plugging?

Uh, lemon out of media, lemon out of media.com.

You can find us on the places you find things at lemon out of media.

You can subscribe to a website.

We do.

We have a website on the internet.

Uh, cool.

Find us there and subscribe to our show and listen to all of our episodes and, and all of that good stuff.

All right.

Uh, last day is the show that you have out now with two episodes.

Uh, all right.

Uh, what do you want to plug?

Oh, the, uh, the teacher's lounge on earwolf, uh, started, uh, on the free ear will feed weekly September 18th.

Now I've been hearing about this show for years.

Uh, people love this show.

People say it's one of the funniest shows that earwolf put out, but it, it, it was all behind the paywall.

It was behind the stitcher paywall.

They released some free, uh, seasons, but that was for a limited time only.

And then Mr. Gorbachev tore down that wall.

And here we go.

That's right.

Another great thing Mr.

Reagan did for us.

Yeah.

Is he got us on the free or we'll feed.

So now the new season is out.

It's out.

Uh, you can listen to the first episode with Paul F.

Tompkins.

It's out and proud and loud and, uh, it'll be out weekly.

And you can also listen to new minisodes on behind the paywall still.

Oh, okay.

So people love the paywall.

Yes.

They still have the opportunity.

If people feel like they'll miss the, uh, idea of paying $4 a month for unlimited podcasts.

So, and that's out now.

Uh, it's been out for a few days here.

People 12 days.

Really?

Oh, so you're counting the days.

Wow.

Of Christmas.

Okay.

Uh, Corey, what do you want to plug?

I also want to plug another podcast called you're the man now, dog.

It's an improv podcast with Dan Lippert and myself.

It's a lot of fun.

So it's almost like, uh, so Dan Lippert and Corey, Dan Lippert and Corey, the basketball player.

Wow.

Interesting.

And that's out anywhere.

It's almost like, like a teacher's lounge, but getting rid of the, you know, separating the wheat from the chat.

Yeah, I think so.

Yeah.

Okay.

Are you the weird or the chat?

I'm the worst part.

Oh, okay.

It's as if two of the members of teacher's lounge got full time jobs and the other two needed something to do.

Oh, got it.

Okay.

And a tater.

Yeah.

I would also like to promote the teacher's lounge, which is a podcast that has John Mackey, Dan Lippert, Ryan Rosenberg and myself.

Mm hmm.

And it is on the earwove network.

How did you hook up with these three guys who are by all accounts, improv comedians?

Well, I, uh, I came up through UCB.

You did?

Well, you're independently wealthy.

I suppose you had the cushion in order to intern all those times.

Intern and I work, I did not work a day job days.

Diversity scholarship.

Yes.

You got a diversity scholarship?

Yeah.

Fucked up voice.

Oh, FUV.

Yeah.

FUV, full ride, uh, Herald team into weekend team.

Herald team.

What about that for a name?

I think that's it.

Herald team wax.

There we go.

Thank you.

That's it.

Yeah, but that's it.

That's it.

Also, I like to plug all my stuff that is on the beach.

Yeah.

It is for sale.

And there, there's no way that you would ever plug a, uh, a show.

A show that I'm on on Comedy Central.

You're on a show on Comedy Central?

I auditioned for the other two.

Uh, I auditioned for the creators.

That's not being on it.

Auditioning is not being on it.

Yet.

What part did you audition for?

I auditioned for, uh, uh, the little boy.

Okay.

And you didn't get it.

You did not get it.

They cast it.

They did.

Yeah.

It's been on.

It's on.

Yeah.

It's on.

It's been on for a year.

Is it coming back though?

It is coming back.

And where can people watch the full first season?

They can watch it on iTunes.

Yeah.

Maybe a Comedy Central app.

Oh yeah.

And the Comedy Central app.

All right.

That was like watching a parent explain to their kid how to politely introduce themselves.

Wow.

That was good.

Okay.

I want to plug, uh, look, you can still watch the between two ferns movie.

It's been out for, uh, 10 days at this point, but please go ahead and check that out.

Uh, very proud of it.

Uh, hopefully at this point, uh, it's a huge runaway success.

Um, but, uh, we have more tour dates, uh, coming up, uh, very soon.

And in a few weeks we have, uh, October 23 in Portland, Oregon.

There's two shows, October 24th in Seattle, Washington and October 25th in Vancouver.

All three of those dates are with Paul F.

Tompkins, Lauren Lapkus and Andy Daley.

And then we have a November 8th in New York at the New York comedy festival, November 11th in Philadelphia and November 12th in Washington, DC.

All of those shows are with Paul and Lauren and other special guests.

Um, all right, let's close up the old plug bag.

Close your eyes and open up that bag.

You gotta get those eyes closed.

Get them, get them, get them, get them, get them.

Get them, don't be closing, don't be closing.

Open them up and let's get loaded.

Let's get loaded.

Open up the bag, open up the bag.

That was a great song.

Yeah.

That is pretty good.

That's a really good song.

All right. Well, guys, thank you so much.

Stephanie continues success to you.

Always great to see you out here on the left coast.

Best Coast.

Hopefully one of these days I'll get out to Houston again.

Uh, I would love to do a tour stop out there.

But, uh, who knows if anyone would want that?

I would want that.

You come.

I would come.

Really?

Yes.

All right.

Maybe.

Please come.

I don't know.

All right.

And Champagne and Corriere.

Thanks, guys.

Good luck to you.

No.

And Tater.

Tater Ockerman.

Swish.

You've been smoking a cigarette during that entire plugs theme and you are, you, it looks like you have blood in your eyes.

Yeah, I did it on one pull and then I ate a little filter.

Yeah.

You are, but you, you're, you have clenched fists and you're, you, I mean.

Yeah.

Somebody better get me one of those little buttery crackers or I'm gonna get.

We don't have any buttery crackers.

What?

Oh no.

Tater.

He's throwing elbows.

Oh God.

Let me dunk him.

Oh, you're going to dunk him.

All right.

We'll see you next time.

Thanks.

Bye.

you Thank you.
