♪♪ If you listen to the Goo Goo Dolls in Lady Gaga, then you might be a baby!

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

Hmm, thank you El Chico Malo!

The...

Bat? Is Malo, uh, my, uh, bad? Or, uh, uh, I can't, I don't really know.

I believe it is.

I put bad, the bad boy. The bad, the bad boy. Oh, it's the bad boy of the message boys.

Ooh, yeah.

Ooh, bad boys.

Ooh, who's the bad boy?

Welcome to the show Comedy Bang Bang for another week and, uh, what a week it is.

I'm Scott Aukerman, by the way, your host.

Coming up a little later on the show, we have a historian, we have a journalist.

This is an educational podcast this week, were it not to be for our first guest.

Uh, this of course is the first Monday of Octidoggy.

Uh, we're living in a post-joker society now.

Uh, we've come out the other side and, uh, everything we viewed as sane is now insane, I guess.

Oh yeah, it's the end of days.

Who knows? I mean, to empathize with the clown prince of crime, I don't, but we all did it this weekend.

He represents us all.

We are all joker.

I think you'll play the joker or our first guest will, and I'll introduce him right now.

Take your time.

I do believe he'll, I think everyone should have a crack at it.

Everyone should play Hamlet and everyone should play the joker, two of our greatest roles.

Oh, I would love, my, here's what I will say.

The melancholy Dane.

Here's what I will say right now.

Here is a, a play, something that I will promise on this episode.

I will play Hamlet as the joker.

As the joker.

I will do a production of Hamlet Shakespeare and the pork.

That is me dressed as the joker.

Alas, poor Riddler.

We barely knew.

Is that how that goes?

I know the first half of any Shakespeare quote.

To be or line.

I mean, that's like a very famous one.

I know.

Don't know the second half.

Let me introduce our first guest.

He is a, of course he portrayed the clown prince of the John wick, a chapter three, Parabellum, uh, cinema project.

I guess you call it a movie.

I call it a cinema project.

I call it a CP piece of content.

You know, if you're going to look at my CV, you're going to see a lot of CPs.

That's right.

Um, he portrayed the homeless man who tick tock man, tick tock man.

Yes, that's right.

He's dressed as a homeless man.

He's played the tick tock man and the dink dink man.

Yeah.

In two separate projects.

Oh man.

The dink dink man is like probably one of my greatest character.

I think eventually everyone will play the dink dink man as well.

We all did.

If you don't know what we're talking about, your lips to God's ears in Chicago and you can listen to a, our recent, a trip to Chicago, uh, in the tri town.

Uh, yes, of course the windy city, the big apple, uh, in the stitcher premium love.

That's right.

Of course.

Brothers love each other in that big shoulders.

The peach state, the city where people fall down.

The big apple.

I'm just doing, I'm just doing towns.

Um, and uh, he did the town in Chicago.

We certainly were there and you can listen to that show, uh, in stitcher premium.

But you had a beautiful night, beautiful night and you portrayed the dink dink man.

So that's something that people can listen to.

You, we, everybody portrayed the dink dink man.

Yes, we all did.

It was like a, it was a production in which everybody got to play rotate and play the dink dink man at various times.

Uh, you know him from the league, you know him from, I'm drawing a blank here, buddy.

Nothing else.

The league and John Wick chapter three Parabellum.

Those are my only two credits on IMDA.

But there's also the Borat movie that wasn't Borat.

I can't remember what it was called.

The dink dink tater.

The dink tater.

It is about a small potato that has a small penis.

Uh, speaking of small penises, let me introduce him.

Uh, I will Terry know further.

He is of course a good friend of the show.

A large clitoris as clitorises go.

It's going to blow you away.

It is a huge clip, very small penis, huge clay.

Jason Mandukas is with us.

Welcome back to the show.

Hey, how are you friend?

I'm great.

He's flipping off the auto hand on man.

He's flipping off the audience.

If you can't see it right now.

And welcome back to the show.

It's great to have you thrilled to be here.

You are in the middle of a whirlwind of a whirlwind.

We just finished our, how did this get made tour, which is why we were able to connect in Chicago.

Cause we'd done, how did this get made the night before?

Yes.

You guys were after it was, I think my only heartbreak was we weren't able to meet up and party everybody in Chicago.

We should have partied with every single Chicago person.

Joe Mantegna, uh, William H Macy.

He's a little busy right now with the kids.

What's he up to?

He's attending to the kids.

I think he doesn't have a lot of help around the house.

Something going on, something in the news.

You know, I'm not on social media, so I'm not up on stuff.

I think that's primarily where the story broke.

He was on social media.

I don't know whether it's a news.

There is a great podcast called, uh, thank you very much.

It's called gangster capitalism and it's a podcast documentary series about the varsity blues scandal.

And the guy has transcripts of all of the wire taps and it's super interesting.

Okay.

Anyway, welcome back to the show.

Wow.

Did welcome back to the, did you cut that out?

Was that a, was that an edit point?

How dare you doing a lot of edit points just in case anything happens at that joker movie.

There was a previous edit point.

Oh, smart.

Yeah.

Smart stuff is up.

Stuff is up.

Stuff is definitely up.

I've said that so many times over the past few weeks.

Stuff is up.

Yeah.

And stuff is your dick.

You're always talking about your dick.

All right.

Isn't it that kind of show?

It's not that kind of show.

Okay.

Um, Jason, you are, uh, you did the, how did this get made to her?

Uh, and now you're off to shoot John Wick four.

What's going on?

No, I'm going to shoot, I'm going to London to shoot a movie called infinite with Mark Wahlberg action, sci-fi comedy.

No it's not a comedy.

Okay.

It's an action sci-fi movie.

But it will be whenever you're on the onscreen because you can't help but add a little, a jovial mirth to the proceedings.

Why not?

Sure.

Come on.

Uh, this is your first, uh, film with Marky Mark.

Yes it is.

It is.

And good vibes from him.

I haven't met him yet.

Have no idea.

I'm curious.

I mean, we're both.

That's a callback to his hit song, good vibrations.

Oh, I think you're mistaking him for, um, the beach boys.

Okay.

Yeah, maybe.

Was it a cover?

It's easy to get those two.

The beach boys.

And of course, you know, Marky Mark's most famous song.

Kokomo.

Yeah.

I would love it if right now he just released an album of beach boys covers.

I would with drums, honestly, that would turn him around for me.

It would be amazing.

Yeah.

It would be a turn him around where I'd be like, I'm no longer interested.

I'm only interested in looking at your tush, not your face.

Um, the, and it's called infinite.

And can you spoil anything about the plot?

Oh, yeah, I can spoil a couple of things about the plot.

Um, it is a movie in which, um, film, uh, it is, it is a, it is a feature film.

Okay.

How long, how many reels it is?

Oh, it is seven reels.

Seven reels.

Oh wow.

Okay.

Two hours and 10 minutes.

And it is me.

I'm a sentient dog, man.

My best friend is a talking parrot and we are, um, the best friends of Mark Wahlberg's character.

Um, and he's, you know, out in the world, just like doing infinite stuff, just doing shit, just doing stuff.

And he never stops.

That's the infinity of the title.

You know, he just never stops doing stuff with his best friends.

Okay.

Does he ever sleep or he does not sleep?

That's the sci-fi.

Oh, that's the sci-fi part.

Yep.

There's no sleep in a world in which there is no sleep.

Right.

Do people choose not to sleep or is this some sort of, you don't have to, we don't have to do it anymore.

We don't need sleep anymore.

I would, I would like that actually.

Yeah.

Sleep is such a waste of time.

As much as I like doing it, it's like, come on, there's so much more I could do with my life if I didn't sleep 13, 14 hours a day.

So many hours.

I mean, I agree.

I'm sleeping 18, 19 hours a day.

20, 21.

So the older I get, the more sleep I get, you know, like, and that's, or the more sleep I need.

And that's like, I can't now function without 14 solid hours.

I 28 hours a day or else.

Yeah.

I can't do it.

Yeah.

No.

And then everybody says, Oh, you know what?

If you get really overextended, just sleep for two months straight and then the next year will be fine.

You're a bear by the way.

What do you mean?

Like a hair suit gay man.

That's exactly what I was going to say.

I mean, I guess, I don't know if I am.

I think they're mostly larger, you know what I mean?

Yeah.

You, you have a tiny petite frame.

I've got the beard.

I think, I think gay- Bear from the neck up.

Yes.

I think that's a sound twink.

Yup.

But you know that classic archetype bear up top twink in the back.

I think this may be a shirt by the way.

That is a shirt.

Why not?

Um, now every, every time you're on the show, I feel a lot of social media requests to hook various people up with you.

I am not, I'm, I certainly never comply unless it's like people I'm interested in being hooked up with.

No, no, no famous, no famous.

So not even like cool musician, no G list, no X lists, no, no celebs at all.

Oh nuts.

G G X list.

Can you imagine a self identifying as an X list celebrity?

Oh, I wonder if porn stars do or, or sex workers because, because that's, they are in the triple X business.

Yeah, I can see that.

I can see that.

But as far as Y list, yeah, like a P list.

Although I mean somebody, somebody who's probably on that P list with that P tape.

Uh, yeah.

Uh, what about Donald Trump with that P tape?

You ever see that thing?

Oh yeah.

That came out, didn't it?

Yeah.

It's a blockbuster.

It's hard to remember these days.

Go down to your blockbuster.

It's there.

Uh, and uh, so you're not going to be on the show for a while now.

This is your last appearance.

Is that right?

I don't know.

I mean, we'll see.

I feel like perhaps there is a possibility.

You might get fired day one or something.

A for sure could get fired day one.

Can I talk to you Jason?

After my first line.

That's my mark and mark.

Can I have a conversation with you Jason?

And then he's just like, you're out of here.

This is not walking out.

Um, that would be amazing.

Um, no, I mean, I mean, I mean, we'll see.

Maybe, maybe I'll be able to, you know what?

I'd love to do a call in.

I'd love to call in.

Yeah.

I don't know about that.

Uh, brutal.

Cool, man.

Maybe for the, for the, uh, uh, uh, uh, holiday show.

That's what I'm assuming.

Yeah.

You know, cause you're going to be, uh, you're not going to be back for the holiday.

Oh, no, no, I'm sorry.

I'll be back for the holiday.

Oh, great.

No, I don't want to overestimate how long I'll be gone.

I'll be back and I'll be back soon.

Well, let's enjoy you while we have you.

Anything else?

How are you friend?

How's your, how's your life going?

Don't worry about me.

Uh, uh, I worry about you.

I was at the joker several times and I so smart.

Yeah.

And you're one of the in cells, one of the in cells that people are nervous about watching the joker.

Right?

Exactly.

I'm nervous.

Oh, they're out there.

Is there an in cell next to me?

Ooh, better be on my toes while I watched the joker movie.

I like that you're just out there trying to figure out who's an in cell.

Yeah, that's all I do.

I just go out there and spot the in cell.

Uh, what are you taking any, do you need to batten down the hatches here at home?

What do you do?

What do you do to prepare for a trip?

I've got the rigging all tied up.

I put the sails in the rigging.

Um, um, what do you do?

Like do you, is there something you, first of all, is there, are there, are there, are there, is there something you take along with you in order to make your, uh, stay more comfortable in a foreign land or, and is there something you need to do here at home to make sure that everything goes all right?

Oh, well, you know, of course, uh, at home I light my house on fire.

It's an insurance scam.

Basically you're getting cast in this movie.

I wasn't here.

You know, I light a small fire that will really ignite later.

You do have to take out, I mean, the movie takes out insurance on your life.

I think anytime you're casting a movie, you set yourself on fire.

I could set myself on fire.

Yes.

You know, as a real political statement.

Yeah, sure.

Um, what's going on in the world with the joker and all that.

Here's the thing.

We are on fire.

This country is currently on fire.

They say they call it a dumpster fire or a garbage can fire.

Yep.

Certainly not a fireplace fire.

Trash receptacle fire.

Uh, the circular file fire.

A dump fire.

Sure.

They call it all these things.

Yeah.

Um, so is there, is there anything that you take along with you?

Do you have a special pillow?

Do you?

I do.

I am bringing my pillow.

You are.

What's the pillow like?

Because I'm going to be living, because I'm going to be living someplace for like a period of time that is longer than just like a week or two.

I'm bringing my, my, I, because I got fully obsessed with like, I don't sleep well.

The older I get, the harder it was, harder it was to sleep.

Yeah, we've talked about this.

We've covered this.

On the show?

Yeah.

On this show.

Yeah.

On this very episode.

Really?

Mere moments ago.

Yikes.

Um, so I sleep on a side sleeping pillow, which means it has a cut out.

On top of a pillow, which means it has a cutout on it.

Yeah.

Like a coffin, a pillow coffin.

Don't you, you don't think you sleep on a pillow?

Is there a lid that you closed on top of yourself?

You say what?

I sleep blank.

Do you sleep on a pillow?

I mean a mattress technically is a giant pillow.

So you don't sleep on a pillow.

How do you, how do you use a pillow?

What are you talking about right now?

Do you feel like you've caught me in some sort of a lie?

I said I sleep on a pillow and you acted as if I was sleeping on a coffin.

I put my head on a pillow at night.

Oh no, your head.

No.

You, when, when I hear I sleep on a pillow, that to me implies your entire body is on a pillow.

Not that I rest my head upon a pillow.

It would maybe be a more clear way.

Was this worth it?

I truly was confused by this.

You must have understood that I meant my head goes on the pillow.

No, I did not because a human being and not some lunatic who just watched the joker movie would say, I rest my head upon a pillow.

Not I sleep.

A human being would say, I rest my head upon a pillow.

Yes.

I'm sorry.

Are you a storybook asshole?

No, I said, I'm trying to answer your goddamn pillow.

A pillow is so it's so vague as to, wow.

Okay.

I'm a boarding.

You know what?

I'm not telling you about my pillow anymore.

I was trying to answer your pillow question.

You've, you've sidetracked me into nonsense.

I feel like you were trying to say you sleep in a pillow coffin.

Why?

Because why would I say that?

I don't know what kind of weirdo you are.

How about this?

What's a pillow coffin?

A pillow coffin is a, is a body length pillow.

Does it exist?

Perhaps a pillow.

Okay.

So you thought by saying I sleep on a pillow, you invented a pillow coffin, perhaps existing, and that I sleep in that pillow.

Then me just explain the pillow thing and we can move on.

This is what you want to talk about.

Feel free to explain this pillow thing.

No, let's talk about your dumb ass pillow.

They don't want you.

You asked about the pillow.

I tried to answer.

Let's talk about it.

You don't care about it.

I hate the pillow.

Is it, does it have a scoop out for your neck?

I already told you it did.

That's literally the thing.

I was not paying attention.

I know because you were trying to busily sidetrack me.

I wasn't trying to sidetrack you at all because I truly thought your entire body.

The words you chose imply it's not, you need to choose your words more, more carefully.

In fact, I will not.

You need to choose your words more carefully, sir.

Really?

Here's some words for you.

Go fuck yourself.

How dare you, sir.

How dare you take those words to the motherfucking bank with you out there to Lloyds of London.

Wherever the fuck you're banking, exchanging your dollars per pound.

Please comedy bang bang fans.

Out of the United States of America where people use, I'm just saying if the audience understood what I was talking about, tweet at Scott and say, Jason, tweet at me.

Feel free to tweet at me.

Why you need to join social media.

People need to tell you you're wrong.

You're going to hear about this and I never will.

Yeah.

I'm sure you have a burner account that you're checking all the time, but nobody can get at me.

They can bother you and be like, Scott, why not listen to your guests, Scott, instead of just sidetracking them into inane nonsense.

Oh please.

You think I would use the Russians for my troll account?

How dare you.

Who are you using?

Oh, everything I do comes from Cote d'Ivoire.

Jason Manzukas is here.

So this pillow is a comfortable.

Yeah.

I can imagine.

Yeah.

I have a body pillow that I wrap around.

Yeah.

Like a coffin.

Yeah, exactly.

Do you put it between your legs?

Legs?

Yeah.

It's for the knees.

I get it.

Yeah.

I believe those old man, weak knees, something like someone like Dennis Quaid or Mark Herman or someone once said, Mark Herman.

Okay.

I'm pretty sure you said Mark.

I said Mark Herman.

I would like that if NCIS just subtly started trolling him.

Just changed his name in the credits.

Just Mark Herman.

It will never stop blowing my mind that Mark Herman is married to, um, Pam Dauber.

No, Pam, right from Mork and Mindy.

Mindy from Mork and Mindy.

I have no idea at this point.

I thought it was Angie Dickinson, but I wait.

Angie Dickinson.

Who am I thinking of?

Angie Harmon.

Angie Dickinson is an amazing pull.

Mark Harmon marries Angie Dickinson.

That would be incredible.

That would be an awesome coupling.

Well that's like when, um, that's like when John Corbett was dating, is dating Bo Derek.

I'm like, this is a wild combination.

The age difference?

I guess Republicans because they're both Republicans.

Uh, I would like it though.

I wonder how many people actually watch the title sequence of, of NCIS.

Who would notice?

Like if you've watched that show for 14 years, subtly suddenly just changed it to Mark Herman.

Like how many people would say, well, that's weird.

Or would they contact CBS?

They just put in like Herman's Hermits.

Right.

And people are just like, what is this?

But who is paying rapt attention to season 23 of NCIS where they would go, everybody over 60.

Everybody over 60 who doesn't know how to fast forward.

There's gotta be people who are into it.

Like who, I don't know what the theme song is.

Could you even hum the NCIS theme song?

I have no idea.

I don't think I've ever seen NCIS.

Can there be that much naval crime in the world?

Especially at the stakes at which they investigate.

Internal naval crime.

Cause they don't, forgive me, but they don't, they don't, they're not called upon to investigate crimes outside.

No, outside.

No, their jurisdiction resides completely within the branch of the armed forces that fights at sea.

So this is important to me then.

Yeah.

When they are on that show, does that show a lot use the word the brig?

They must.

Is the brig like a frequent thing they talk, get him to the brig.

He's in the brig.

That's weird.

It is strange.

Yeah.

I think they should rename the brig just JL.

What do they call the hospital as well?

They call that a on a ship.

Oh, I don't know.

You hear it on a Star Trek all the time.

Oh, I don't get them up to the, the, the, the Zim Zam room.

So they call it.

They just started calling it the Zim Zam room.

That was it.

More people would notice that people would probably just go, that must be a term.

I don't know.

Or, and then it would just somehow get to get to like, like the OR is the operating room.

Get her to the ZZR.

We got to get him in the ZZR.

Just accept it.

I think I feel like the first time people would be like, what?

It's I mean, brig, I mean, is it any different than a nonsense word than the brig?

Is brig short for something like brigade or brigadoon or something like that?

Probably brigadoon.

Maybe people used to put them in a prison that was only there every seven years.

Exactly.

Yeah.

Good stuff.

All right.

We need to get to our next guest.

I'm exhausted.

Can we cool it down in here?

How do we do this?

Let's make sure that we cool it down.

All right.

We need to get to our next guest in this.

Jason, I don't know if you are a long time listener of the show.

I suspect you listen feverishly on the episodes that you're on and then don't partake of the other week.

Here's what I will say.

And I will say, and I will be totally honest in this, I used to be a com like a completist for me for many, many, many, many, many, many years.

I was a complete, you, you listened to them all and I, uh, you would contact me about various episodes.

Correct.

And now I am much more intermittent, especially when things, um, make a, make themselves known to me.

You know what I mean?

Like if, like there's a conversation around and I'm not going to remember it, the episode that where drew Tarver and, uh, Carl Tartt saying the trucks, the truck stuff.

So like, so you'll hear about that.

So I went and listened to it, you know?

And so I'm a little bit more intermittent.

Well, hopefully, uh, we're creating water cooler moments on this show.

And this, this, uh, our next guest will, will certainly be among the red wedding of comic books.

Oh yeah, definitely.

Yeah.

Someone out of the two of us is going to die.

Gonna kill each other.

I'm certain.

Speaking of death, this, our next guest takes, um, well this, this needs to be set up a little bit.

It needs a little bit of explaining if that's possible.

Previously on comedy bang, bang.

I am a dirtbag.

You're my best friend.

I love you for the last three years.

I mean, yes, I'm a mortal.

You were also a magical being.

I was walking down the street.

Just the other day, just the other day.

I got a new job.

Scott I'm the devil now.

The devil himself?

This is the last time I can appear on the podcast.

What?

No, you're one of our favorite guests.

With every second I'm outside of hell, my power grows weaker Scott.

And it was evidence of an enemy who's been hunting me down since, well, the very beginning of time.

Now that I'm in hell, well, there's room for this enemy to run free Scott.

This enemy is my daughter.

Hi.

Hello.

My name's Judy.

Oh, hello Judy.

Judy North.

She may come in the form of another comedic character.

You will never know Scott.

Rudy don't go.

I know the fans are going to be so sad.

I think they will be.

I mean, you're one of our favorites.

Goodbye Scott.

Goodbye Rudy.

Goodbye.

It's been a long time.

I should have left you without a note.

Of course not.

The force is calling to you.

There's no way that in some convoluted turn of events I might appear again in the future.

I got big nuts.

And if you're going to criticize anything, you got to criticize my guts.

Hello Scott.

Rudy.

Rudy North.

I'm here.

I'm back.

He's back.

I do.

That was dramatic.

That was huge.

Hello Jason.

Hello.

Good to see you Rudy.

First of all, you got to know I'm coveted.

Well, not as piping hot as usual.

Usually you're fresh out of the oven.

You are.

I'm coming in a little less hot than usual Scott.

You seem a little somber a little.

I mean that was a contemplative.

It was contemplative for sure.

I definitely am coming in hot, but just not as hot as you.

I mean I would not want to touch you with a bare hand.

I'm still sweating a little bit.

Right.

How you doing Scott?

I'm great Rudy.

Jason, how are you?

You know Rudy, I'm terrific.

I just want to say I loved you on Legion.

Thank you so much.

I appreciate that Rudy.

It was incredible.

It was great.

Thank you so much.

You're like a wolf or something.

Anyways, I'm glad to be back Scott.

And yeah, I mean as everyone who listened to that previously on could tell.

I had a quick question about this previous one.

Was there an episode recently where a TIE fighter was on the show?

And someone talking about the force?

Because I distinctly heard a TIE fighter pass by.

Well, of course.

I do want to say I'm back from hell.

I'm no longer the devil Scott.

You're no longer the devil.

Okay, Rudy North has been on the show for a few years at this point.

A few years and of course I quickly became a fan favorite.

Self-proclaimed.

Yes, self-proclaimed.

Self-fulfilling prophecy.

And I very quickly became banished to hell after six or seven episodes.

I believe this was during our anniversary episode.

10th anniversary.

10th anniversary episode 599.

Deep in the episode.

I mean you have to have listened to so many characters to have gotten to be Scott.

I think that people could skip around.

They could skip around.

We should put chapters on that thing maybe.

That's not a bad idea.

Not a bad idea at all.

Not a bad idea.

It's not a bad idea at all.

Thank you, Jason.

It's not.

It's not a bad idea at all.

Like in terms, vis-a-vis ideas.

This is not a bad one.

As ideas go, everything under the sun as Shakespeare said, I think.

Should I get the first half of that right?

I think so.

As ideas go, right?

Sure.

That's what Shakespeare said.

So you...

I was of course banished to hell, Scott.

And I said I could never come back.

Can I ask you a quick question, Rudy?

Yes.

When you were banished to hell, was it because of some sort of swap?

Yeah, I can't get into that, Jason.

Because when last we met, you swapped with Santa Claus.

Yes, of course.

Now that was because of my dirtbag powers, Scott.

Correct.

Basically what Rudy North does is he likes to take over the lives and occupations of various people by giving someone the dirtbag handshake.

It's when I punch them in the throat.

Right.

I don't want to show you guys right now because...

Oh, please don't.

Well, Scott, I've lost all my powers.

Oh, wow.

What?

Is this the result of being in hell?

Well, the deal I had to make to come back to earth was I had to give up all my powers, Scott.

No.

So who did you make the deal with?

I can't get into that, Scott.

You can't?

No.

I'm presuming it's some sort of...

Let's move on.

No, we cannot get into it.

I'll tell you what.

That's okay.

Did you enjoy the Joker this weekend?

Definitely.

I'll tell you what.

I have some problems with the Joker.

Did you need to get out of hell in order to see the Joker this weekend?

It was kind of a huge thing for me.

Was it worth losing your powers?

Because my assumption would be...

I don't know.

Yeah, just wait three months to get it on home video.

My assumption would be in hell, your powers perhaps could even be even greater.

Yeah, my powers were doing great in hell.

I had the powers of the Flash.

Sure, yeah.

I had, of course, the powers of the Force from Star Wars.

That's canon.

And of course, I had my dirtbag.

I don't recall that.

It was, Scott.

And of course, I had my dirtbag powers where I could switch anybody's job, but Scott, I had to give all those things up to come back to earth to keep earth safe.

So you were a Jedi in hell?

Yes.

It's...

Look.

I had to give up the powers of the Flash.

It's complicated.

Speed Force.

He gets to time travel.

I've taken Scott into the Speed Force.

Yeah, we became best friends in there.

I no longer have any of these convoluted powers, Scott.

Oh no, I'm going to miss Speed Force Thanksgiving.

I'm going to miss it as well, Scott, but I had to sacrifice my powers, Scott.

What?

You keep saying that to keep earth safe?

Yeah, Scott.

Look.

What is going on with Earth?

I can't get into it, Scott.

Oh, OK.

Sure.

But look, if there...

What would you rather talk about?

Oh, let's see.

I'm going to talk about this pillow thing.

Oh, OK.

Did you...

Were you listening?

I was listening and I got some...

First of all, Jason, I understood exactly what you were talking about.

You did.

OK.

But at the same time, you are laying on a pillow in the way Scott described it.

So you're both wrong because your whole body, you got your shoulder on it, right?

Because you got your arm in it.

Here's the beauty of my pillow.

My shoulder, get ready, not on it.

Not a factor in this pillow?

No.

My shoulder is on the bed.

Only thing on this pillow?

My motherfucking head.

I got a...

Your shoulder is on the bed?

Yeah.

OK.

That's the cutout.

Your neck is in the pillow?

I'm a side sleeper.

I got to reconsider everything because I had made some judgments.

So it's like a silhouette of your head with that big schnoz?

Just...

This is not right, Scott.

How dare you?

You know what, audience?

If you think Scott is coming at me extra hard today...

Is the pillow white enough?

Yes.

Write him and tell him, hey, Scott.

Get the fuck off, asshole.

I got to say, Scott, when I don't have my powers, you're kind of an asshole.

What?

Right?

I used to be best friends, but...

He's a real piece of shit.

Now is just a normal guy, Scott.

Life is a lot harder for me.

I mean, keep in mind, I stayed in Chicago to do the live show, and now you're just going to come at me?

What sticks out further, the beard or the nose?

Jesus Christ.

Scott, that ain't right.

Maybe you're the new dirtbag.

You know what, audience?

If you think my nose is too big and my beard is too...

You know what?

You are a bully.

I don't mean to bully you.

You are body shaming me.

No one wants to...

No one wants to body shame you.

I don't appreciate that you are body shaming me.

No, you can only body shame someone about the parts of the body that they can control.

You called it a big schnoz.

Like how much they weigh.

I mean, Jesus.

If they can't control it, it's not body shaming.

It's merely pointing out parts of the body.

But I'm being cool to you.

What has happened to you in the last six months, Scott?

I mean, you seem brilliant since the last time I've seen you.

Here I am being cool to you about your quote unquote weight.

I mean, the guy stayed overnight in Chicago, Scott.

He stayed overnight one night and I paid him a lot of money for it?

Look, Scott.

You know, Scott, life is art for me.

I can't just laugh at these things anymore.

What is going on with you, really?

Well, I have to apply for jobs now.

You have to fill out...

You can't just punch someone in the throat and take over their job?

No, I punched somebody in the throat the other day.

I had to spend three days in jail.

Ain't that a bitch, Scott?

Ain't that about a bitch?

Rudy, can I ask you a question?

I know this is canon and I'm sure I just don't know it.

Of course.

How did you come upon your powers or were they from birth?

I don't know that we've ever actually talked about it.

Not that I'm trying to start a whole thing, but is there a way to recreate it is what I was wondering.

Okay, yes.

Like in Flashpoint, they do recreate the way the Flash gets his powers in order to recreate the Flashpoint experience.

But look, we can't get into that.

We can't get into how you got your powers.

Guys, here's what I don't want to talk about.

The new 52.

I'm sick of it, to be honest.

I'm not getting into the new 52.

They fucked the whole thing up.

It's a goddamn disaster.

They're trying to clean it up.

It's getting better.

They are barely trying to keep it clean.

They're sort of hanging on.

They chasing Marvel.

Here's what I will say.

Bendis is doing good stuff.

You came back for the Joker.

I did come back for the Joker because I thought that was going to be a departure from them.

Look, I thought DC Black was supposed to promise me.

Okay, look, Scott.

Oh, come on.

What are we going to get into?

Metal next?

Guess what I don't want to talk about?

Metal.

No, wait.

DC Black.

That's not a metal band.

Oh no, DC Black.

Oh, sorry.

I'm talking about- That's an imprint.

No, no.

I'm talking about DC's metal, the metal books that are now creating- I thought you were saying DC Black was a metal band.

Sorry.

Very easily could be.

Okay, that's not like the pillow thing.

It's very different than the pillow thing.

You guys are on the same page there.

Okay, great.

Look, I just wanted to chop it up with my friends and I don't really want to talk about the long journey it took for me to get back here.

What are you chopping up?

Yeah.

Chopping up a salad, like a Cobb salad?

You know, I'm not a big salad guy.

Same.

I'm with- Now that's canon.

That of course is canon.

I'm big on the couscous and sort of ancient grains.

Oh, got to love those quinoa.

I love a quinoa.

What's good for the couscous is good for the gander gander.

Dang.

Did Shakespeare say that?

I think he might have.

I just want to know though, okay, let's not talk about your very complicated backstory.

Yeah, because I think that's going to be a Stitcher Premium show or something.

Yeah, this may be a- From what I heard- Just unpacking the rudimentary north.

Yeah.

From what I heard, the last six months getting from hell to earth is a epic story that I think is about six episodes of a Stitcher Premium.

A Homeric Odyssey.

Oh, wow.

They're calling it a podcast opera.

So you're angling for a Stitcher Premium payday.

No, Scott.

I'm not angling for anything.

You know, this is smart though because if the fans demand it, like Earwolf will have to give it to you.

It's just on these shows, we don't have time to talk about it.

We don't have time to get into these things.

But if we do want to get into it, no, no, we don't.

Let's talk about what you want to talk about.

What's going on?

Well, I'm looking for a new job, Scott.

You looking for a- New job.

Okay.

And it's a lot harder than it used to be, Scott.

Yeah.

So your last job of course was being Satan in hell.

I was being Satan and of course- It's not really something that translates to an application.

No, because look, I have a lot of experience, but then they ask how you got the job and I'm like, magical powers.

Is that part of the application?

It is.

How'd you get the job?

It's like what job experience, date, beginning, date, ending, and then how'd you get this job?

I would also assume that looking at your resume would be like a really eclectic group.

It'd be really crazy.

One of them being Santa.

It'd be like- You were talking about Donut Shop.

It'd be Lyft driver, Target employee, Donut Shop owner.

Yeah.

Santa Claus, the devil, Christmas tree salesman.

They're going to ask me why I'm such a journeyman, Scott, and I don't have an answer for him.

Yeah.

I understand.

So what field of work are you looking to get into?

Well, Scott, the other day I was walking down the street of course.

It was the other day, of course.

It was the other day.

I was walking down the street and I walked past KCRW.

Okay.

That is a local to California, Los Angeles radio station.

Public radio station.

And because it was public, I thought, they can't stop me from coming in here.

It's like a library.

Guess what?

Your taxpayer dollars built that whole thing.

As far as I'm concerned, and this I think is the truth for anybody in the world, in this country rather, not the world, you can go into any public radio station and they have to put you on the app.

Yeah.

They have to give you a drive time DJ.

You have to be in, because that's what NPR is all about, drive time DJ.

I mean, we talk about the open door policy here, but I mean there.

Yeah.

Anyone can.

I mean, I'm on Zucru morning Zucru radio station.

On KCRW.

Nick Harcourt and everyone.

No, they switched it up.

Jason Bentley.

They switched it up.

Jason Bentley and Rudy North.

Yeah.

And you and me.

Exactly.

And then I come in, I'm like, what's up motherfuckers?

So they're making FCC exceptions for your language.

They're making some exceptions for me, but of course Scott, I'm not getting paid very much because you are.

It's of course a volunteer position.

Oh, it is a volunteer position.

Oh, okay.

So you're not getting paid at all.

No, I'm not getting paid at all.

They never like slip you a fiver or anything like that.

That would be barely payment to begin with.

No, I get paid.

I've get paid about the same.

I get paid to do these shows.

And what I do is when I leave, I take a couple of these glasses.

You get paid to do these shows.

Oh, how many bang bang a little bit.

It's a couple of coasters.

Yeah.

He's saying that he's taking things.

Sometimes there's a box.

Well, that's what I feel like a lot of people don't know.

And this is kind of, I will say this, even though you've been very mean to me this episode, Scott, I will say there is something quite generous about your flashlight is on.

There's something quite generous about the atmosphere you've created here.

Did you want to say your flashlight is on?

The atmosphere that's created here is that anybody can take anything from the studio.

It's true.

Right.

Yeah.

I have like a leave a penny, take a penny kind of thing.

Like if you're going to take a glass, leave a glass from home.

That's where I got all that audio editing equipment to do my previously.

Yeah.

You left your old stuff here.

We were wondering.

Yeah.

Grab this stuff is from the 70s.

Yeah.

It's crazy.

Anyways, what is going on?

It's just hard.

I can't get a job, Scott.

And that job, I feel like I'm going to quit and maybe try to apply for something else.

Maybe radios, not for bees.

Yeah.

What are you interested in?

Well, of course, I'm interested in comic books.

Okay.

Of course.

Yeah.

The DC extended universe.

But I'm really a Bible guy.

Yeah.

I mean, I've tried working in a comic book shop.

I mean, there's so many here.

I'm assuming you live here in Los Angeles.

Of course.

There's so many great comic book stores.

I myself go to secret headquarters, secret headquarters, R I P melt down to, I think you are a golden apple.

No, I go to a universal comics, universal comics.

Thank you.

Would these comic book shops except the non super powered guy like me?

I mean, most comic shops have employees who do not have the super powers.

Yeah.

I mean, it's a Hooters rules do not work for comic book stores.

I don't know.

My comic book store is Hooters rules.

Hooters rules are Hooters is in the title and they only hire exclusively people who have Hooters.

So at comic books, they don't hire comic books.

Right.

Or people with comic books.

You think the people that are working at Hooters are themselves Hooters?

No.

I'm saying they have Hooters.

Would they hire an owl?

So you I'm saying they have Hooters very much the way someone has super powers.

Couldn't an owl apply and be like, I'm a Hooter.

If I dress up nothing in the rule book.

Yeah.

If I dress up like a owl, could I go apply at Hooters?

I think you probably should.

Could you get breast augmentation surgery and apply for a job at Hooters?

That seems a lot easier.

I do believe they have to hire men now legally.

Yeah.

But they have to, each guy has to have at least a C cup.

And if I have huge breasts, well, this Scott, this sounds like the first promising idea I've heard in a long time.

I think just get yourself a Stitcher premium miniseries and you can pay for this boob job that you want.

Yeah, we could do that.

We could definitely do that.

And if you make them bigger, because Hooters has a limit, you can get hired at Jugsy Malone's.

Ooh.

What is it?

C to D's?

Are Hooters?

About anything above that?

Anything above that?

Anything that's really weird and fringy?

Yeah.

Jugsy Malone's.

Do they have food at Jugsy Malone's?

They do not.

They're not allowed to serve food.

Okay.

They're not allowed to serve food.

Well, you said that last time.

I did, but...

And yet you popped right back up.

That's true!

And made your own previously on.

It did take six months, so I did hold out.

All right, well, look, we need to take a break if that's what...

Can you stick around though?

Of course, Scott.

I have nothing else to do, Scott.

We do have a historian and a journalist coming up.

Maybe I could do their jobs.

Okay, ask them.

This could be a good opportunity to have an informative kind of get to know other career possibilities.

That's true.

Do you think we should talk about the Ding Ding Man?

By the way, it does not pay well.

Not at all.

But yes, the position, I believe, now to be still open.

All right, we'll talk about that later.

All right, we definitely will talk about that later.

But first, let's go to a break.

On the other side, we have a historian and a journalist.

We'll be right back with more Comedy Bang Bang after this.

Comedy Bang Bang, we're back here.

Jason Manzougas, the Ding Ding Man, the Hae Nong Man himself.

We've settled our differences during the break and we're the best of friends again.

Back to best friends.

I will say, while you were touring, did you get a lot of Hae Nong Manz?

I got a few.

I still get a few no matter where I go.

Lots of them.

It's great.

I love it.

I did get a today.

I was eating at a restaurant.

I don't want to say where because I don't want to give away my spots.

But I went to the drink place where one fills up one's cup.

And it was a fast food restaurant.

Not incredibly fast, although it did.

You filled your own drink?

It was somewhere.

Waitstaff didn't bring it to you?

Maybe fast casual?

Is that a type of restaurant?

You're trying to make it sound cooler, but you were definitely at McDonald's today.

Was it a Panera Bread Scott?

Maybe akin to an upscale Panera.

Oh, an upscale Panera.

The prices that they charge, certainly.

I see.

Someone said, Scott Aukerman.

And I looked expecting someone that I knew and it was just a fan and just like nodded at me.

I went, all right.

Oh yeah.

Somebody, I was sitting on a plane the other day and someone passed me a note from behind, started poking me from behind.

With your finger or with another part of the body?

To a finger.

But then to pass me a note.

And I don't like this.

I did not like it.

Were you in first, my dear boy?

I was.

Oh no, that's not how it was.

First class people are supposed to be acting.

So it was this person.

I was like, what is going on?

Is it like the purge in there?

I wanted to say the note was written on a crumpled up paper bag.

Oh no.

This is not first class behavior.

I really was like, this is the beginning of that Liam Neeson movie where he's on a plane and somebody passes him a note that's like, somebody's going to die on this plane unless you do something about it.

This is like Adam Scott's Twilight Zone episode.

This person needs their medallion status revoked.

Exactly.

I agree.

Yeah.

We also have a rudimentary North here who...

Let me ask you guys this.

Yeah.

You think Hae-Nong Man is the mortal enemy of the Dink Dink Man?

I don't know that they would get along.

Is that a comic book I could maybe write?

I guess.

Well, sure.

Oh, interesting.

Because I'm just trying to find a place.

You're just spit balling.

I'm just spit balling.

Why do you think you'd be good at comic book writing?

And also...

I don't know.

I do feel like when it comes to convoluted stories.

Yeah, world building.

I might have some world building abilities.

And Scott, I mean, I believe you have made a small fortune on comic book writing.

Yeah.

There's a fortune to be made there.

Actually, my recent...

You just had a book come out.

Marvel Comics 1001 just came out on Wednesday.

And it's like a page story.

One page story.

And you said you got paid $1 million for that one page?

$1 million for that one page.

It was incredible.

That is crazy.

I'm in the wrong business.

You're in no business right now.

That's right, Scott.

Don't remind me.

Well, let's talk about someone else's business and get into it because...

And I'm going to surprise our next guest with who is coming up.

Surprise!

She's a journalist.

Please welcome Virginia Patricia.

Hi, everyone.

Hi.

I really appreciate you having me on.

Oh, it's my pleasure.

I have guests on and that's sort of the agreement that we go through is I have guests on and they come on the show and no thanks necessary.

I really appreciate it.

Thank you so much.

I appreciate you having me on too, Scott.

All right.

I know all the things need to be said, but welcome to the show.

Thank you.

Well, okay.

You're welcome.

Thanks again.

Will that put an end to this?

Just you're welcome or...

Yeah, absolutely.

Great.

I just appreciate being on here.

Okay.

All right.

I really, I will say I so enjoy when new people come on the show.

I really do.

Yeah.

So thank you so much for being here.

Oh, gosh.

No, thank you again for having me.

Because it's so nice to be, to have our circles.

Our circles can so often be insular and the same people we see all the time at the same events.

So it's nice to like...

Sometimes concentric with other circles, but...

Sure, a Venn diagram of sorts.

Certainly, certainly.

But it's nice to have our circle expanded and may the circle remain unbroken.

Like the Olympic rings.

Yeah, of course intertwined like the rings of Olympus himself.

Right.

Oh, so that's beautiful.

Yeah.

I actually have the same problem.

I don't think Olympus was anybody.

I think Olympus was where they all lived.

Olympus is where they all lived.

Olympus itself, I should say.

Yes, Mount Olympus.

Yeah.

Although if he were a guy, he'd be the best at it.

He'd be a mountain of a man.

Oh, he'd be amazing.

He'd be a mountain of a man.

Welcome to the show, Virginia.

Thank you so much.

That's funny you guys were talking about just how your lives are so insular and kind of hard to break out of.

I live in Evanston, Illinois.

Illinois.

And...

We were just there.

The Chi.

We were literally just there.

I wish I knew.

I had no idea.

Oh, you should have come out to the show.

You could have been a guest.

It's funny that you say that.

It seems like every time we do a live show, the minute we leave town, someone goes, when are you coming to that particular town?

Happened in Toronto.

When are you coming to Toronto?

Two days ago.

I wish I knew.

Gotta get the word out somehow.

Yeah.

But we can't take out big radio ads.

Although maybe on KCRW.

I'll see what I can do.

I only get to say catchphrases and stuff.

Oh, okay.

What's one of your catchphrases?

Ain't a goddamn thing.

How would that be applicable?

And that's so Jason Bentley will be talking.

And he'll be like, next up is the new song.

Not there's nothing wrong with that.

Right.

I'm realizing big thief.

Rudy, why don't you set it up?

I'm realizing that might be another character's catchphrase.

Okay.

Could be from a previous week.

So are you thinking catchphrases?

I think I might be.

I'm kind of like Robin Williams.

I just absorb.

You'll write him a check.

I'll write him a check.

So now he may not cash it.

It's how you doing, Virginia?

How are you doing?

I'm so good.

Thanks again.

What were you saying was funny?

So it's funny that you say that you guys were in town doing theater because, well, I'm retired.

I've been retired for...

You're a journalist.

Yes.

Is that right?

You're a retired journalist?

I'm an informal journalist.

Informal journalist?

Oh, a citizen journalist, they sometimes say these days.

Exactly.

So I go to different theater throughout the Evanston area.

Different theater theatrical events at various theaters?

Yeah, productions.

Mm-hmm, productions.

Recently, I saw a fourth grade rendition of Oliver.

Oliver based upon the Dickensian Oliver Twist saga.

Can I ask Scott, were you ever in a production of Oliver?

I was not, although I've seen many Bill Sykes tread upon the boards in my day, but have never actually essayed any of those roles.

It's fantastic.

Yeah.

So this specific show that I saw, I had a lot of opinions about, so I typically write about the productions afterwards and I send them into the local newspaper.

Are they published?

Sometimes they are, yeah.

Oh, okay.

The Evanston Journal as a editorial.

As editorial, not as reviews.

Not as reviews.

So not in the arts section.

No, as editorial.

Are you a lot of opinions contained within your...

Oh, yeah.

Yeah.

I got a lot to say.

You are on the masthead.

It's not a letter to the editor.

No, it's an editorial.

It's editorial.

Okay.

And so, for example, in this case, I like to go to the talkback after the play and then I take my time.

Which is kind of a good play.

Which most fourth grade shows have.

Yeah, so I said, this one I said to him, I said, well...

When I saw Angels in America, I was like, where's the talkback?

Yeah.

I know I've spent six hours here, but I want the talkback.

Tony Kushner out here, I got a lot to say.

So I said at this one, I said, I got up and I said...

So you guys...

Were you alone, by the way?

Did you know anyone in the play?

Why did you go there?

Not a soul.

Not a soul contained therein.

And I stood up.

I stood up.

I said, first of all, the theater's freezing.

I don't understand how you expect us to watch this.

I'm frozen to the bone.

And secondly, I think...

What was the temperature?

Could you get a good...

69.

I mean, that's pretty good for a theater.

It's a hilarious temperature.

What should I ever heard?

I mean, that's like...

That sounds like some...

Guys, I know you want a high five right now, but it's not that kind of show.

I'm gonna reach over.

All right, here we go.

All right, let's just get it out of the way.

All right, all right.

We got it.

All right, good.

My lips were blue.

My lips were frozen.

You blew with your lips in the 69.

Okay.

I don't know what you're trying to get out of here.

This was the first thing you said?

This was the first thing I said.

Was it the first thing anyone said?

Were you the first to rise to your feet?

Absolutely.

Can I ask you a question?

Were you the only person at the talkback?

There were some people cleaning up.

Okay.

Were they talking back?

Was this a formal talkback?

Or were you just talking back to the people who were cleaning up and kind of breaking the stage?

Some of the actors came out to meet their family afterwards.

They were around and everyone's talking about the show giving each other compliments.

I said, hold on a second, because I got a couple other things to say.

I said, first of all, real basic approach to doing Oliver, right?

We could have done something fun, set it in the 70s.

You said we could have.

We could have done something fun.

But you have no involvement in this production.

No, no.

My son went to the rival school when he was coming up.

Oh, okay.

Coming up where?

Do you mean when he was growing up?

When he was coming up.

So I said, this has nothing to do with that.

But this is absolutely, you guys could have had something fun here.

The orphan.

What would a 70s production of Oliver be like?

Everyone with afros and wearing disco.

Exactly.

The orphans, let's put that in the 70s, right?

Let's do disco with that.

Platform shoes.

Tiny little boys in bell-bottom pants.

That's not a stretch.

The audience would be on board for that.

So your review is a full suggestion on what genre to change the play to.

Your review, forgive me, sounds a lot more like notes.

Yeah, it's kind of like you want to be the director.

Well they published it, and guess what?

Everyone was up in arms with me.

That's irresponsible of the newspapers.

There were lots of letters responding to mine.

You got to talk to so many people down at the newspaper.

She's not going to talk to them.

She wants them to be published.

I know, but if you're getting in trouble, man, I just, wow, man.

Yeah, I don't know.

And then I went to a, oh God, what's it called?

Play?

A play.

Oh boy.

Oh no.

So you don't know the basic purpose.

I went to the school of rock.

And no, I hope you feel free to, you don't have to answer this if you'd rather not.

How old a woman are you?

I am 62.

Got it.

Thank you.

Oh man, add seven years to that.

So close.

Come back in seven years if I'm still doing the show.

But I lie about my age.

You lie about your age?

Yes.

And you're actually?

16.

Yes!

Maybe not having powers ain't so bad.

So I go to the school of rock.

It's a seventh grade production play.

Oh, of the play, the school of rock.

Yeah.

And I walk in and I- You didn't go to a school of rock.

Like you didn't go to a school where everyone- No.

Oh, that's hard.

But you were in a school where they were rocking.

If they were doing the play School of Rock.

If they were doing it correctly.

They were singing.

And I was so taken by the- Like Liam Neeson.

The woman who sang the melting pot song, the child girl who sang it.

The woman, the child girl.

And then I stood up midway through the song and I just started clapping.

Oh.

Standing ovation in the middle of a song.

Usually it happens at the end, but- Especially for a seventh grade play, that's impressive.

I started saying, this is fantastic.

She's already saying something.

Seems too loud.

She should be front and center the whole time.

This should be a one woman show.

Oh, now you're getting- Starring her.

You've tipped into giving notes.

It was adulation for a brief second.

I said, get everybody else out of here.

All the rest of these children are trash.

This one, right here, she needs to be number one star.

Can I ask a question?

Did you know this person?

That's what I was going to ask.

Well she's, so my good friend, Annabella, her- Is that her first name or two different names?

Annabella.

Her name is, full name, Annabella Joyce.

Annabella Joyce.

Joyce.

And then her last name of course is Williamson.

Oh, okay.

When you said full name, you meant first name- For short, I call her Annabella.

Okay, but it's Annabella Joyce Williamson.

Exactly.

Her full name is Annabella Joyce Williamson.

Williamson.

Okay.

Williamson.

Okay.

Oh, Williamson?

Is she Swedish?

Nordic or something?

Yeah.

She's huge, yeah.

She's huge?

Huge?

Like- That's part, it's not body shaming to say that?

Yeah, it's not huge meaning- I'm not sure what she means.

Tall?

Tall, wide.

She's five nine?

Oh, that's not huge.

That's not huge.

Enormous woman.

So I said- How tall are you?

You're sitting down right now, we can't really get a sense.

I'm 69 inches.

Whoa.

Now this is interesting.

No, I'm just kidding, I'm not.

I'm four 11.

And so I, it's Annabella Joyce's- 59 inches.

Annabella- We were all doing a bath in our heads.

Now we can move on.

Annabella Joyce- Williamson.

Williamson.

Her daughter, Mary Ty.

Mary Ty.

Williamson.

Okay.

Well now she's married, so Burksen.

So this was a long time ago.

The daughter is married?

The daughter is married.

Who was in the seventh grade production?

No, who's the woman in the- No, no, that's her daughter.

Okay, so you're- Oh, it's Annabella's granddaughter.

Annabella's granddaughter, yeah.

You could have just said that.

We didn't need to go through the whole family tree.

I feel like it's crazy that you're describing plays and you're just not good at describing anything.

Oh, I beg to differ.

You should read my editorials.

Did you bring any?

I did.

Okay, read one to us.

Okay.

Well this one- Ooh, it looks so long.

Let me look at my notes.

This one is about damn Yankees.

Oh, okay.

It's about the play about the baseball- Baseball team.

And the devil.

I mean, you would appreciate this.

It's all about a deal made with a- I miss those days.

Yeah.

I miss those days.

Making all the pacts and the deals, stealing souls.

Contracts, devil lawyers.

It's a real thing.

Oh God.

Well, this is a lighter note.

I said, what a terrible time I had at the Evanston High School production of Damn Yankees.

This play would have been wonderful had it not been for the all female cast of male baseball players.

So it did a little gender switch.

It was like gender blind casting and you didn't like it?

I couldn't see past their feminine features and could not make them out to be men.

The whole time I was confused.

And when I got up to use the bathroom, I couldn't find it.

Couldn't find the bathroom?

Where did you end up going?

I went outside in the parking lot.

And I feel like you've been to this place before, right?

You've been to the Evanston High School.

Sometimes I walk into a building, I have no idea which way the door is that I entered through.

Oh yeah.

You have building blindness.

And also probably there's many bathrooms in a high school, right?

Yeah.

I would think that there's a lot of, it's a volume business there.

You know?

Yeah.

I'm certain you could have found one of the bathrooms and not had to go out to the parking lot to relieve yourself.

Well, sometimes.

For a 69 year old woman, that must be like a very harrowing set of circumstances.

Well, I wear a long skirt, so.

Okay.

I'm listening.

I felt, I felt protected and I just sat down.

So you kept the skirt down, covering everything much like a bird cage covering a bird cage.

Sure.

But don't you then get pee on your hem?

It's a, it's a big skirt and it has a little bit of, what do you call it?

You're miming something right now that I don't quite know.

Like a small tutu that I wear under the skirt.

Oh, it's like a bustle.

It pumps out a little bit, a bustle.

So, yeah.

So you wear this every day, but you don't know what it's called.

I've been wearing it so long.

Oh yeah.

When you first bought it, I bet you knew what it was.

I knew when I bought it, but I haven't bought it since.

Okay.

Can I ask you a question?

Yeah.

Have you ever thought about coming out of retirement to maybe direct some of these plays?

Oh God.

Well, I'm a very busy woman at home.

What did you retire as?

Was that your job directing plays?

I was the CEO of a, one of those companies that makes the pillows that has sayings on them.

Sayings on them?

One of those pillows that has sayings.

One of the companies.

One of those companies that has pillows.

You were the CEO of a company you'd rather not mention, you just say it's a one.

And so, you know, pillows like live, love, die.

Are those three different pillows?

Those inspirational pillows.

Is that one pillow or three different pillows?

Live love on the front, die on the back.

So if you die in your sleep, they just turn the pillow around.

Smaller feet keep you closer to the stove.

Things like that.

Oh, I don't know.

Are you writing these when you were working there?

Were you writing these?

Okay.

And I was hiring the people who wrote them, mostly family members.

Was this your company?

Were you the CEO of your own company?

Yes.

Well, it started as my father's company, but I'm a self-made woman and I inherited it.

Oh, well those two things.

Was it a pillow company when your father had it?

It was.

But it was more like the pillows that you guys were talking about.

Long pillows.

Oh, so you shortened the pillows and added sayings to them?

Exactly.

So you went from a sleep pillow to a decorative pillow company.

That was your innovation for your family's business.

Exactly.

And how is the business now?

When you say you're retired.

Are you thriving?

Well, we're good online.

You are?

You're good online.

So it still exists online.

But brick and mortar no longer.

Yes.

Did you have brick and mortar pillow stores?

Is that a thing?

We did.

Oh, that seems like it.

That's pretty ill-advised.

What was it called?

Pillows and More or something like that?

It was called Don't Forget That Pillow.

Don't Forget That Pillow.

Well, that's good advice to...

Because most people forget the pillow.

Yeah, when you're shopping for something, it can be easy to forget the pillow.

When it has a saying, you never forget the saying on a pillow.

Did any say never forget and have a picture of the Twin Towers falling?

We did have one with the Twin Towers, but it didn't say anything.

Oh.

Okay.

Cool.

Smart.

Was it one of those pillows that you could run your hand up and down, it would change the image?

And so in one image, the towers are standing and in the other, they have crumbled to the ground?

Oh, they didn't make that technology until recently, but I would hire you.

Anything about controlled demolitions or...

What about Building 7?

Do you have any Building 7 pillows?

Oh, God, I wish.

Can Jeff fuel...

9-11 was an inside job.

No, it's still beams.

I wish.

These are all fantastic ideas.

Anything that's like, little feet keep you closer to the stove, 9-11 was an inside job?

No, nothing.

Nothing like that.

There was Shut Your Mouth and Stay in the Kitchen.

Oh, okay.

Oh.

Was that a pillow for the kitchen?

For who?

Who was it a pillow for the bedroom?

Who was that directed to?

That was a throwing pillow.

Oh.

A pillow to be thrown.

Yes.

Not a throw pillow.

Not a throw pillow, it's a throwing pillow.

Like a throwing...

Like a throwing star.

Like a throwing...

Like a ninja's weapon.

We had one that said, I'm so stuffed, I'm overstuffed.

And it was a super overstuffed pillow.

That's actually pretty...

That's the one I might buy.

That one never sold.

You relate to that one, Rudy?

I relate to that one.

I can't talk about it.

I'm nervous to lean on it or I would think it would be uncomfortable because it would be so stuffed, it would be hard.

People didn't buy that one.

Yeah.

They didn't like it.

Can I ask you a question?

But did you sell a lot of...

Was it a successful business?

Did you sell a lot of pillows?

Well, the business went bankrupt, but I still made a lot of money because of my dad.

Great.

Okay.

So the business went...

I guess you protected yourself, everything was in the business.

Okay.

Got it.

All right.

So you're well off.

You're well off.

I'm going to need to go see all these plays.

And what a nice retirement plan to become a freelance...

Freelance citizen journalist, editorialist.

It's extremely stressful.

Oh, really?

It's extremely exhausting.

So why do you choose to do it in your retirement?

I hate every minute of it, but I know it's my duty.

I got to...

Don't do it.

You don't have to do it.

I got to go...

They need to know.

You're not really good at it.

I'm a high school rendition of Rocky Horror Picture Show.

That's very racy to be done at a high school.

But my high school did Chicago, so it's not too dissimilar.

Were you in it?

I was, yes.

Billy Flynn.

Nice.

Wow.

Do you want to give us any of it?

I never heard of the line.

Yeah.

I mean, I could perhaps sing a little bit.

What song is that from?

So you did the Rocky Horror Picture Show.

Yeah.

And I said, where's the nudity?

Oh, yeah.

Susan Sarandon in the original film, she gets them out a little bit and...

Gets them out?

Yeah.

You know, she just throws them on the glass.

Throws them on the glass?

Scott, it's not that kind of show.

I mean, this is not that kind of show.

So you expected that kind of level of...

I thought, well, okay, these are mature adults.

We should be seeing some more of their bodies.

If these women can work at Hooters, they should be Hooters on stage.

This is a high school production, you said?

Yes.

Okay.

I don't know.

They're not mature adults.

You're very concerned with their bodies and being able to recognize their male bodies and putting them in...

What's going on with you?

These are adult people.

They're not adult people.

None of them were 18, I would imagine.

A lot of them were 18.

I checked.

Did you check?

I checked.

You checked the ages of all the cast?

Why?

Online?

What is your motive?

On the way to the bathroom.

I see all the yearbooks out there.

You made it to the bathroom, though?

This time, yes.

Because one of the little ushers helped me.

And I realized the last time I missed him...

Why so diminutive?

One of the little ushers.

He's tiny.

You're 4'11".

You're 4'11", one of the little ushers?

So this little guy, he takes me down all the way to the bathroom.

Was it the singer Usher?

He is quite small.

He took you all the way to the bathroom, you said?

He took me all the way there.

And I said, okay, now show me the yearbooks.

Turn around.

So demanding.

That's when I found out.

A lot of them were 18.

About five of them in the cast.

Five of the presumably 25 people or so were 18.

But that's all you need.

Five adults do the nudity parts.

That's what that production is.

So to see it without the nudity, I was just...

It watered down a little bit.

Appalled.

I was blown away.

I came home to my husband, I said...

Oh, so you are married?

Yeah.

And he does not go with you?

Rudy?

Rudy, were you looking to get in on this?

He's just talking about being independently wealthy and you go around and making up your own jobs and I just thought maybe this could be a place for me.

Could be an opening, yeah.

No, I'm sorry.

I'm married.

How does your husband feel about what you do?

He has his opinions.

How did you guys meet?

Does he publish them in the newspaper?

He does.

Op-ed.

He does an op-ed, okay.

And where he counterpoints your reviews?

Oh, interesting.

Or just your life?

He just says, well, she wasn't feeling very well that day.

So he's putting you on blast.

How often are you not feeling well?

Most days.

Really?

Yeah, 69.

Certain things start to really become a problem at that age.

How long have you been married?

Quite a long time?

And is this your first marriage?

Three and a half years.

Oh, and your first marriage?

69.

No, I'm kidding.

Did you guys get it?

No, we liked it.

Yeah, I liked it.

My first marriage, I was married to him for 30 years.

30 years.

Oh, wow.

And then he died while working at the pillow company.

Oh, no.

What happened?

He got stuffed.

He got stuffed into a pillow?

Like a body length pillow?

Like taxidermy, like human taxidermy?

He was stuffed?

There was the machine that we used to stuff the pillows and he got caught.

He got caught in there and so they sewed him up?

When did you find him?

I didn't know about it for a month.

Were you sleeping on him?

A month?

Were you just so used to using him as a pillow in bed that you didn't realize he'd turned into a human pillow?

Oh, we just didn't interact anymore.

It sounds like a pillow coffin.

A true pillow coffin.

By the way, this is a true pillow coffin.

Wow.

Yeah.

I didn't think of it that way.

You didn't?

No, I just asked our housekeeper.

I said, I haven't seen Adam in a while.

She says, oh, I heard he died.

She heard.

Was this in the newspaper?

She's just trafficking in rumor?

Or was this common knowledge to everyone?

I guess everybody knew.

No one had the heart to tell me.

No one had the heart to tell you.

Because I'm not down on the factory floor, but he was.

Oh, okay.

So it's a different level.

You're up there.

Oh, that's heartbreaking.

Yeah.

But I'm glad you've moved on.

You found love with Adam.

Honestly, no.

Now, can I ask you a question?

You've only been married three years to this new person, and I'm assuming this relationship has taken place during your retirement.

Yes.

How old is your new husband?

Young.

How young are we?

How young?

Young.

How was that?

How did you meet?

How about, how did you meet?

How young, though?

How did you meet?

I met him at a production of, what was it?

Oh, Hamlet.

Oh.

Okay.

The Melancholy Dane.

He was working at- To be or something.

Something, yeah.

He was in it.

He played Lady Macbeth.

Okay.

So this is like the extent of Shakespeare extended universe.

Gender reverse casting and also Lady Macbeth.

Sounds like something- It's an amalgam.

Paula Tompkins and I would write.

I got up at the end and I said, I went up to him and I said, I didn't believe a word that you said.

I thought it was completely out of line, out of character.

He said, I agree with you.

Next year I'm going to college and- Next year I'm going to college.

This is a high school production.

Was he 18 at this point or was he- 17 and a half I checked.

And a half.

So you checked in the yearbook?

Where do they list the birth dates in his yearbook?

How does that work?

My yearbook doesn't list my exact age at that moment.

So did you wait six months for him or did your passions overtake you?

I asked him where the bathroom was.

Oh, that's how it starts.

That's the code word right there.

Where's the bathroom spot?

And boy, did he show me where it was.

Yeah.

I don't know.

What do you mean?

Exactly.

He went to the bathroom on you?

I'll show you where the bathroom is.

I didn't have to go to the bathroom anymore.

Really?

Right.

Cause you went on him?

I don't know what we're talking about at this point.

Did he point at his mouth?

Maybe he just showed her where the bathroom was.

I'll show you where the bathroom is and point at his mouth.

Let's just say that I felt a great sense of relief.

Oh wow.

He went to the bathroom.

He took you to the restroom.

As one would after one relieves oneself.

Realized how badly I needed that.

Oh boy.

So yeah, you went to the laboratory.

It's funny cause you could be describing sex too.

Yeah, we don't know at this point.

Look, Virginia, we need you to take a break if that's okay.

We have a historian to get to.

Rudy, you...

Hey man, I'm just here angling for a new wife.

If this 20 and a half year old motherfucker is not coming correct, I was born in the year 1600 and I know...

He knows things that other men...

He knows all the techniques that have ever existed.

I mean, ones that are out of fashion.

I once went down on a woman for two years straight.

Wow.

And that's canon.

And that is canon.

Alright.

Well look, we need to take a break.

We'll be right back with more Comedy Bang Bang after this.

Comedy Bang Bang, we're back here with Jason Mantzoukas, the Hae-Nong Dink Dink Man.

Hae-Nong Man.

And we also have Rudy North over here.

What's up?

I'm still figuring it out.

Yeah.

And Virginia Patricia here.

Thanks so much for having me.

VP?

No things need to be given nor offered.

But we do need to get to our next guest.

He is an historian.

I don't know whether you prefer that, but please welcome to the show, Darren Matichak.

Matichak.

Matichak, sorry?

That's alright.

Matichak.

You pronounced it the way it's spelled.

I did.

Well that was my prerogative and I...

Also it's been a little too long since I told you my last name and so you forgot how it was pronounced.

This is you subtly complaining about how long it's taken to get you on the show and I don't appreciate it.

Wow.

Only, I do have a full bladder.

Well, she can show you where the bathroom is.

I have no idea where it is.

Let's just say.

I don't want to run the risk of having sex with this woman.

There is a, there is an nearly of age high school senior here who can show you to the bathroom.

Yeah.

I'd love to meet him.

Little guy.

So Darren, it's so nice to meet you.

You're an historian.

An historian and an entrepreneur.

Oh wow.

An entrepreneur.

Oh great.

Okay.

We have a lot of entrepreneurs on the show, not as many historians.

And are the two related?

Did your entrepreneurial spirit come out of your historian kind of a career?

It did.

I was the one who wanted to pursue and my hobby grew into my entrepreneurship.

I am the silent co-founder of the National Bobblehead Hall of Fame and Museum in Milwaukee, Wisconsin.

Oh wow.

The National Bobblehead Museum.

Is that what you said?

And Hall of Fame.

Hall of Fame.

Hall of Fame for bobbleheads or?

Yeah.

Hall of Fame.

Well that's fun cause it gets sports people in it and you know what?

The inductees into the Hall of Fame are the hall of famers of the sports themselves.

It's not like this bobblehead is so good.

We're inducting bobbleheads, not people.

Okay.

This is why we ask.

But funny thing, funny you should mention, bobbleheads are usually of people.

And sometimes animals.

A fox.

Is the Hall of Fame, I'm so sorry to clarify.

No, that's alright.

Is the bobblehead the Hall of Fame?

Just say a fox.

A fox.

Okay, I just wanted to make sure.

Fox and a bear.

Alright.

Is the bobblehead Hall of Fame represent the Hall of Famer sports figures that have bobbleheads?

So like for example.

Or are they just good bobbleheads?

Pete Rose is ineligible to be in the Baseball Hall of Fame because of family.

But he could be such a good bobblehead that he goes in.

Yeah, that's what I'm asking.

Could his bobblehead be in the bobblehead Hall of Fame?

Yeah, not to further confuse things, but it can.

Great.

What about that fox?

Did he get into the Hall of Fame?

Yeah, the really good fox did.

The good one did.

How many foxes are in there?

Two.

Okay, but the really good one was.

Yeah, there are two really good ones that are in there.

Also Pete Rose bobblehead is in there, Han Aaron bobblehead is in there.

Ted Cruz bobblehead is in there.

Ted Cruz bobblehead.

What makes that bobblehead so Hall of Fame worthy?

Pretty much someone saying, hey, I'm mailing you my bobblehead.

Will you put it in your Hall of Fame?

But then let me ask you this because you also run the bobblehead museum.

Are those ones you pick up yourself?

I don't want to further confuse things, but the bobblehead museum and Hall of Fame are one in the same.

Oh, okay.

Every bobblehead that resides within.

The same collection in the museum is in fact in the Hall of Fame.

Is there a Venn diagram where there are parts that are in the museum and Hall of Fame but not, do you know what I mean?

That's a great point.

They are almost a concentric circle.

Oh, geez.

But there is a sliver that's just the museum and a sliver that's just the Hall of Fame.

What sliver is that?

Could you describe what resides within purely the museum?

In the museum, there are a small collection of ceramic bobbleheads that come from the 17 and 1800s when bobbleheads were believed to have been started.

Chinese bobbleheads that showed up in the United Kingdom.

I can confirm that is when they started.

And then on the sliver of the Hall of Fame part.

I was there.

Because you were there.

I was 100 at the time.

Oh, yeah.

I've heard about you.

You ate a pussy for two years right around then.

Yep.

Legendary.

It's kidding.

It was around then, really?

Yeah, it was.

Okay.

Wow.

Not a great time to be eating pussy.

Nowadays, there's so much content out there, I don't know whether people have the patience.

Yeah, I can.

I'm always on my phone, binging.

I am curious when the woman went to the bathroom.

Yeah.

Yeah, we don't have time to get into that right now.

It seems like you just want to evade the question.

People had more patience to not go to the bathroom back then.

And how did she find it?

Great question.

These are all good questions.

We're getting out of time.

Any little guy to walk her over there.

I don't know.

That'd be episode seven.

People were shorter back then.

They weren't bobblehead size.

Yeah.

Is that how bobbleheads started?

As statues with moving heads.

Yes.

Statues of real people, true to size, with moving heads.

You were about to say the sliver that is in the Hall of Fame and not in the museum.

That's just the Pete Rose bobblehead.

Oh, okay.

Does that have its own special room?

How do you keep it out of the museum?

It's just off to the side.

Oh, okay.

But is there tape around it saying this is not part of the museum?

Actually, anyone can defile that bobblehead.

All three co-founders are male.

That's not really what I was asking.

That was a crazy left turn.

Why could anybody, why let anybody defile it?

Why?

Yeah.

He cheated the game.

Oh, I see.

So now you mentioned three co-founders and you said you're a silent co-founder.

Describe the corporate structure.

Because you're talking so much about it right now.

Right.

Yeah.

Well, because I love it.

It's my passion.

It's my hobby.

It's my job.

But you're not being silent about it.

When does the silent part start?

Meaning when you started the business, you were a mysterious figure who...

I was the money man.

Got it.

So somebody else was the idea person.

Yes.

And this was not your idea.

You just provided the capital.

That's right.

So you saw the opportunity, but you didn't necessarily have the passion.

No, I had the passion.

Oh, great.

I had the money and I had two friends that had a bigger bobblehead collection than I had.

Oh, how big was yours when you started?

Mine was about 1000 bobbleheads.

1000.

They had 1200 bobbleheads.

Between them?

1500 bobbleheads respectively.

Oh, wow.

I see 2700 bobbleheads.

And then it's grown.

We opened our museum and hall of fame earlier this year in February.

And we have almost 7000 bobbleheads.

Wow.

You've...

I can give you a specific figure.

You can't.

No, I can.

You can't.

It's almost 7000, but specifically it's 6969.

Woah!

6969!

I love that.

So you...

High fives all around.

So where did you get all these?

Do people send them, you said, or you're buying them or...

Well, I usually would get three weeks of vacation per year and I would just drive around the country buying up bobbleheads with my disposable income.

And what did you do for a...

Well, because of this, I'm a historian, but I was an actuary in real life.

Oh, okay.

Oh, I see.

An actuary.

You were in the insurance game and you have a lot of disposable income from that.

Were you on a bonus structure where the more policies you signed, you got more money or I'm trying to see like, were you purely on salary?

Can you break down?

How did you have so much money?

I can answer that.

Do you have any tax?

Do you have any tax forms?

I'd love to know.

Any liens on any of your properties?

Anything like that?

Nope.

Nothing like that.

How was your finances structured?

Was it a bonus at the end of the year?

Are you saluted?

Is it an hourly or weekly wage?

Was it an expected bonus where everyone was like, oh no, we didn't get our bonuses.

I don't know how I'm going to...

Not to further confuse things, but everything you guys mentioned.

Oh, okay.

Great.

And an actuary, like in being an actuary, are you like in the business of...

Risk assessment.

Risk assessment for people's mortality or for, was it specific to industry?

Or for museums that might be set on fire or bobbleheads that break.

Anything that has any risk associated and money associated with an actuary comes in, crunches the numbers, and then it's party time.

Can I ask you about the numbers?

And then after the numbers are crunched.

And then you party.

What's the most expensive bobblehead?

Are there any rare, valuable ones here?

Yeah.

In our museum?

Yes.

There are some...

Or any museum.

I'll take any museum.

Most museums have expensive stuff in them, Scott.

Sure.

But I guess bobblehead museums.

Let's limit it to those.

Well, you know, really, technically there's only one, which is the Museum and Hall of Fame.

And yeah, we have some very expensive bobbleheads.

Okay.

There are some ceramic ones that are very old.

We've talked about those.

There's a bobblehead of Victor Hugo, ceramic bobblehead of Benedict Arnold.

Oh, jeez.

Who's picking a bobblehead of Benedict Arnold?

Ceramic bobblehead.

Was this to celebrate him before he did what he did?

Was it a...

I'm surprised they didn't sell them in order for people to smash them or something.

Yeah.

So this is one of the only unsmashed bobbleheads of Benedict Arnold.

That's true.

Wow.

And Victor Hugo, the author of Les Miserables?

Uh-huh.

Wow.

And he was also a representative in French Parliament.

Oh, okay.

I didn't know that I could describe him, let alone pick him out in a bobblehead lineup.

He was five foot three.

He had a high-pitched voice.

Oh, okay.

That doesn't...

I don't know whether that would have been applicable to his bobblehead.

How many bobbleheads kind of capture the voice of the person they represent?

That's a great question.

Is it?

I'd leave it up to the...

Yeah, honestly, that's the best question I've ever...

Thank you.

Really?

Thank you.

All right.

Well, maybe the second best one.

The best one was, is it canon?

Okay.

It's a very positive workbook.

It is very important, but I would say it depends on the imagination of the...

The beauty is in the eye of the beholder of the bobblehead.

Okay.

What's your favorite bobblehead?

My favorite bobblehead?

Yeah.

Probably Robin Yount of the Milwaukee Brewers.

Oh, okay.

Born and raised in Milwaukee.

Harvey's Wallbangers, Brew Crew for Life.

Wow.

Okay.

So you were born and raised in Milwaukee.

Yep.

And that's wonderful.

Was this given out at one of the games?

Like at a game...

Where do they give this out?

That was unfortunate.

I tried to pick up the slack.

I mean, Rudy jumped in there, but Scott like froze.

I got stage fright all of a sudden.

It's like I've been gone for six months and I don't even know who Scott is anymore.

Scott, you look like, where am I?

I suddenly became...

You just like woke up.

...aware of my surroundings.

You're like, where am I?

How long has this been going on?

All right.

I'm guessing that's rude and old anymore.

Eleven years of this?

But that is wonderful.

It is wonderful.

Thanks.

Yeah.

How much is admission to the Bobblehead?

Right now it's $6 for admission.

But you're planning to change or you have changed recently?

We have changed recently.

It used to be $4, now it's up to $6.

But we've added a lot of things.

You can drink.

There's a full bar inside the...

Oh, okay.

Oh, neat.

Open bar or do you charge per cocktail?

That's a great question.

Is that a good one?

Now I know I'm wearing a shirt that says, ask me anything.

I'm a dumbass, but it's not an open bar, Scott.

I'm just saying that'd be a great deal.

More...

$6 to get in and free drinks.

More businesses should do that.

Especially businesses that are looking to get more customers in the door.

I don't know if it's a good idea.

I would maybe travel to Milwaukee to go visit this if that were the case.

And you also love bobbleheads.

I know I'm wearing pants that say, stop looking at my crotch, I'm a dumbass.

You look like you're sponsored.

You look like one of the pillows.

Are these your t-shirts and pants?

Do you make these?

I do.

My wife and I have a t-shirt printing business.

You do, really?

But is the t-shirt business, is that a thriving business or is it really just a side hobby but really you dedicate your time to the museum?

It's a side hobby.

Actuary is my main money maker.

You're still an actuary.

I'm still an actuary.

Then comes the, because I'm the money man, so I got to keep the money flowing.

And then I'm a national bobblehead museum hall of fame.

That's number two.

That makes up a little bit of your income, a sliver or a good chunk?

That's a good chunk.

And then really it's just a passion project between my wife and I because anytime we successfully make a t-shirt, it translates into some other places where we're both the gas, if you know what I mean.

Okay.

When you are successful at making a t-shirt.

Both the heads are bobbling.

Okay.

My head is bobbling.

Got it.

Have there ever been any comedy bang bang bobbleheads?

There haven't.

I would love to have some.

Yeah.

A little comedy.

It'd be me and Reggie and Cuddy and Weird Al.

Ruby North, of course.

That's about it.

No, I don't know about that, but I don't know that we've ever described you.

Oh yeah.

Of course I'm seven feet tall.

Okay.

Now hang on.

Now this is interesting.

I'm seven feet tall.

Seven feet tall?

Of course.

We've never talked about it.

We didn't have time before.

We didn't.

And of course it's, I'm back from hell.

I have two hordes that have been cut off like hell boy.

Right.

And of course I'm wearing baggy baggy jenkos.

Of course you are.

That goes without saying.

So yeah, we can make a bobblehead of that.

That'd be really fun.

Do you make bobbleheads or do you exclusively buy them?

I've tried to make bobbleheads, but the science of making bobbleheads is pretty complicated.

I don't know that it's science.

I would imagine getting the head to bobble would be the primary difficulty.

That's the toughest part.

Yeah.

Seems like it's just a spring though.

Oh.

Wait, there's a spring in those?

There is.

Oh, okay.

Yeah.

It took me a long time.

I didn't find out until one of my bobbleheads broke.

Oh no.

Which one?

Oh, it was really tragic.

Oh no.

Which, which of your bobbleheads?

Kal Penn.

Kal Penn?

Was it a Harold and Kumar tie-in?

It was.

Oh no.

Yeah.

Wow.

Or it wasn't a 1600 Pennsylvania bobblehead.

Is the Sunnyside bobblehead a recent Sunnyside bobblehead?

No, luckily those are still all in mint condition.

So there's a Kal Penn wing.

Okay.

There's also one where he was helping the Obama administration.

Oh really?

Just devoted to that.

Absolutely.

It's him wearing a tie.

No jacket.

That's how I see all those guys.

Tie and no jacket.

No time for the jacket.

I'll take it off.

Too hot in the situation room.

Do you think Kal Penn was ever in the situation room?

Oh man, that would be amazing.

That would be amazing.

They photoshopped him out when he was watching Bin Laden die too.

Really?

Was he like flipping off the screen?

They were like, oh no, we got to Photoshop.

They were like, get everybody, get the entire cabinet in here and Harold and or Kumar.

Either one.

Get them both if you can, but I'll take either one.

He's handing, he's handing Joe Biden a Pepsi and a White Castle cup and they had the photo.

Photoshop it out.

They had a box of sliders while they watched Bin Laden get done.

Any special events coming up with the bobblehead museum?

Do you have festivals or anything?

Yep.

We have a, we have national bobblehead night every Tuesday.

The nation celebrates every Tuesday night.

National bobblehead night.

Wow.

Virginia, can I ask you a quick question?

Would you ever in your kind of career review the bobblehead hall of fame?

You know what I mean?

Like the event, the experience of going to the museum and hall of fame for bobbleheads or is that not a production?

It's certainly still the arts.

Yeah.

Well, I like what I'm hearing.

From me or from him?

From everyone.

Oh, okay.

Definitely.

What about when I zoned out in the middle?

Did you like that?

What about when Scott took a quick nap?

Just caught a little Z's in the middle of an answer.

I'm used to people falling asleep during productions.

But you know, you, you really, when I heard about the $6 admission fee, it really caught me.

I thought, ah, that, you know, that kind of makes me not want to go.

Too rich for your blood, really?

Can't you get in free for, on a press pass?

Oh, okay.

Yeah, we would comp you.

Okay.

Is there a production that you would like to see me and my staff put on?

With the bobbleheads?

I guess it depends what actor bobbleheads you have.

Actor?

Oh, you want, so you want to be actor bobbleheads?

Yes.

Yeah.

Exclusively actor bobbleheads.

Do you have like a, do you have like an Emma Watson bobblehead or a Ryan Gosling bobblehead?

But even younger.

Even younger?

Oh, sorry.

Yes.

I forgot.

Your type would be...

Gross.

Who plays Archie on Riverdale?

AJ Capa?

Young Sheldon.

Okay, we're getting too young.

Much younger than high school.

Yeah, we have all the Young Sheldon bobbleheads.

You have all of them?

The entire collection?

Uh huh.

Wow.

We have the Suite Life of Zack and Cody bobbleheads.

Oh, okay.

I feel like the amount of bobbleheads you've described sounds a lot more than like 4,000 bobbleheads.

7,000 he says.

7,000.

I mean, it's, all right, let me ask you this.

He's only mentioned 20.

Do you, all right, check this experiment out.

Do you have an OJ Simpson bobblehead?

Yep.

Do you have a Ace Ventura bobblehead?

Yep.

Do you have a Joe Montana bobblehead?

Yep.

And Jerry Rice and Roger Craig.

Okay, see, if you could just say it.

There's only 7,000.

We're like not even broken.

There's like 6,080 something.

We're still in double digits.

Okay, do you have a Nelson Mandela dressed up like Austin Powers bobblehead?

Yep.

Plus...

You see, now, now, now...

Okay.

I get it.

Plus the South African president that he deposed is dressed up as Dr. E.J.

What?

He's the smaller bobblehead of that same guy as the mini-Meata doctor.

No way!

Wow!

But still, we're only at about 31.

I'll pitch you this for Stitcher Premium.

Rudy North and I are going through every bobblehead.

I'll listen.

That is appointment listening.

Do you have a bobblehead?

Do you have like series of bobbleheads?

Like the great Dictators?

Do you have like Hitler, Mussolini, Edi Amin?

He just wants you to get to the Dictator, the movie that he was in, to see if there's a Jason Manzukas bobblehead.

Is there a Jason Manzukas bobblehead?

Do you have a TikTok fan?

No, we don't have TikTok, man, but we do have Carl Sando, your role from Rise of Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles.

Thank you so much.

Wow.

That's huge.

Amazing.

I gotta visit this museum, but now, Virginia, are you gonna go?

Maybe we could all go together.

I guess it, yeah, we could.

That would be great.

Do we want to take a trip?

You're invited.

I'll give you a comp as long as you try to give me a nice editorial.

Oh, that's not how comps work, my friend.

Oh, yeah.

No pay for play?

Yeah.

Especially not like on a podcast you shouldn't talk about.

By the way, this is, yeah, it's not, we shouldn't be recording this if this is the kind of arrangement that you want to make.

How many of these do you record?

I don't know.

How many do you not care?

Every once in a while.

All the time.

Every once in a while, we'll put one out.

Well, I want to make a trip now.

Rudy, you see.

I kind of want to go just to see if I could get a job at this place.

Yeah.

Did you guys do, you said Milwaukee?

Yeah.

On the tour?

We did not do it this year.

No, but we always could.

Next time.

We're adding dates all the time.

I'll come to the Milwaukee dates.

Milwaukee and then we'll all go to them.

With Rudy North.

I'll be there.

And with Virginia.

You play at the Pabst Theater and then we go to the safe house across the street after, which is a spy bar.

Oh, okay.

Oh.

You have to sneak in with a secret password.

Oh, what's a password?

It changes every night.

You got to find people on the street and choke it out of them.

Choke it out of them?

Sounds like my old life that I do this.

Oh, poor Rudy.

Oh, no.

I'm so sorry.

Is that triggering for you?

Yeah.

Anytime somebody talks about a hand going near a throat, I'm just like, I can't do this.

I'm sorry, man.

Well, look, we're running out of time here.

We only have time for one last feature on the show.

That's a little something called plug.

Huh?

That was whoa.

That was plug gazing by animal goes late.

Drop fell right in your lap.

Yeah.

It's very, um, my bloody Valentine shoe gazing kind of thing, but I couldn't make out any of the words.

Yeah.

Um, all right guys, what are we plugging now?

Jason, what do we have here?

What do you think it is right now?

Well, it's a, of course, October seven.

Oh, okay, great.

So, um, I was, uh, I mean, I think if you watch the good place right now, uh, maybe a nice little surprise coming to you.

I think so.

Um, let's see the, how did this get made?

Podcast just finished up our tour.

So those episodes will be coming out soon and they are very fun and very insane.

Um, people keep coming to the show with babies and letting me hold their babies.

I don't know what's up, but I am into it.

It's pretty wild.

It is pretty great.

Um, I love those babies.

Bring me those babies.

Let me have them.

Let me name them.

Let me take their life force.

Um, wish I could do that.

Oh boy.

I'm going to die.

I just realized you're going to die in probably 10 years or so.

No longer immortal.

I am mere mortal man.

Oh, are you watching out extra careful these days?

I guess so.

Safe doesn't fall on your head.

Even though you were immortal, if you were hurt, if a safe fell on your head, would, would it bounce off?

No, it would fucking break all my bones.

But you'd still be alive.

I would just live.

It would take a really long time.

Can I plug one more thing?

I apologize.

Big mouth season three.

Oh, yes.

Starting now.

Starting this week, I believe.

I think if you're right, if the date is that then yes.

Starting this week, a big mouth season three.

Really crazy.

Really crazy stuff.

I look forward to being invited on that show.

They've drawn me onto it, but uh, yeah, no, they didn't think you could handle the voice.

Yeah, I get it.

They said, has he done any recorded voice work?

And then, uh, it was nobody could find it as a, nobody could find evidence at all.

No.

What are you plugging?

Uh, well there's a TV show that I worked on called Robbie that's coming out soon.

Wait, you worked on this?

This is part of your resume?

I worked on Robbie with Rory Scoville, Comedy Central.

That's coming out.

We don't have a date yet, but it's coming out at some point.

Yeah, looking forward to that.

I also want to give a shout out to a waiter I met in New Orleans.

His name's Alex.

He works at Bearcat.

Told me I was a funny guy.

Oh, hey Alex.

Nice.

He's a good guy.

And uh, of course I want to promote, uh, Pop Tarts, of course.

My brand, my sponsored, I'm sponsored by Pop Tarts.

I didn't know you were sponsored by Pop Tarts.

Oh yeah.

We haven't talked about this guy?

No, we've never talked about this.

Is that the, is that the origin of that tattoo?

Of course, my big Pop Tart tattoo right here on my cheek.

Just like Gucci.

Just like Gucci has the ice cream cone on his cheek.

Exactly, I got a big Pop Tart that's ripped open and you can see the gooey inside.

That's like a strawberry filling in there.

That's a strawberry filling Scott.

Oh, I had no idea.

Well of course I'm sponsored by Pop Tart, so mm mm.

Get yourself a Pop Tart.

Okay, great.

So Virginia, what are you plugging?

Okay, um, for, I'm not plugging for me, but for my friend, um, Annabella Joyce Williamson, her daughter is a comedian in LA.

Okay.

And I want to support her.

You can follow her at, at Lily Yilly.

It's always hard to find.

Other guests have brought up this person.

Y I L Y.

No, sorry.

I wonder why she didn't pick a different, she was being clever and she wasn't actually, she tried to change it at one point and her boyfriend said, don't very controlling boyfriend from whatever boyfriend's blame.

I mean that guy should be dumped.

Sorry.

L I L Y Y I L Y.

It's not confusing.

It's very clear.

It is very confusing.

You can also, she's in a Geico commercial.

No way.

So everybody should get Geico.

So are you just supporting Geico now?

Yeah.

Are you saying people should get Geico or watch the commercial?

So we should watch the commercial.

Should we buy?

No, don't watch the commercial.

Just get Geico to prove it works.

Is there a place on when I go, okay, so, so when I go to Geico, is there a place where it says, is there a microphone at the top of the homepage?

Who referred you?

I have to say, Annabella Joyce, Annabella Joyce Williamson.

Okay.

Her daughter, her daughter, Lily.

All right.

Darren, what are you plugging here?

I will plug a second to last episode of righteous gemstones has just come out.

Oh, so good.

Okay.

So the last episode will be coming out shortly after you hear this.

Right.

A mere six days probably.

That's true.

That's on HBO.

HBO.

People can watch it.

I can catch up on the entire season.

You can binge the whole thing or wait or you binge eight up eight out of nine episodes, or you could wait six days or watch one minute at a time.

Who gives a shit?

That's right.

Yeah.

Then post about it.

12 minutes at a time as if it's on Quibi.

I'm working on an editorial about it right now.

Oh, you are con very con.

There's enough nudity in it for you.

That's for sure.

I saw the tip of a penis just the other day.

Only good part of the teeth.

Is that the warmup you do before going into the bottle at museum every day?

And then I'll plug shrink, which is still on the NBC app and website.

You can watch all eight episodes of that.

They're not taking that down.

No hell they better not.

And they better put it on their peacock streaming service.

They know what's good.

That's a straight threat.

I like that.

This is a, that's a boss move.

Hey, I mean, why not?

They own it.

Yeah.

They're not going to pay us for it.

That's true.

I'm going to plug a, we have the comedy, bang, bang tours still going on.

We have dates in a couple of weeks and these are really exciting.

We have a, uh, uh, on October 23, we have two Portland, Oregon dates and these are great.

We have great guests.

Uh, Paula of Tompkins, Lauren Lapkus and Andy daily are on all of the West coast states.

And we have a special guest at that Portland show on both of the Portland shows.

I can't say who it is.

Uh, also the 24th we're in Seattle, another special guest there and Vancouver on October 25th.

That's going to be a huge show.

We have a great special guest there.

But who needs special guests when you have Andy daily, Paula of Tompkins, Lauren Lapkus also, uh, the aforementioned Marvel comics, 1001 just came out into stores this week.

Go out and check it out.

All right, let's close up the old plug bag.

Close your eyes and open up the bag.

That's a great song.

That is pretty good.

That's a really good song.

How many?

No one.

Okay.

How many people wanted to add to it?

How many people do you think just don't even listen to that?

I don't just immediately when it starts, boom, love it.

Turn it off.

I'm going to be, you know what?

I was iffy on it at the beginning of the year and like everything on this show, I've grown to love it.

Yeah, I'll miss it in a few months.

I mean, we only have three more months left with that and something tells me some other pile of nonsense will replace it.

Probably speaking of pilots of nonsense and other things, if I say this clean, I did not like that.

Will you put that on at the end of it?

Yeah, sure.

All right, here, here we go.

I did not like that.

All right.

That goes in.

All right.

Very good.

I got one for you, Scott.

You know what won't grow on you?

A bobble head.

Okay.

We're not putting that on.

What?

I'm shocked.

It's too confusing of a message.

I would put that on a pillow.

Yeah.

Definitely.

Well, guys, put this one on a pillow.

Another one is in the books.

Thank you so much, guys.

We'll see you next time.

Thanks.

Bye.

you Thank you.
