---
layout: page
title: 623. Sarah Baker, Matt Gourley, Paul F. Tompkins [https：⧸⧸cloudfront.wolfpub.io⧸CBB-623-20191007-BakerGourleyPFT-DTBv01-PW.mp3].mp3.wav
category: cbb 
---

♪ But Doctor, I am Poly Shore. Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

Thank you to CaptainPukeFish for that wonderful catchphrase submission.

Uhhh... CaptainPukeFish!

Present!

Hello, CaptainPukeFish!

I just thought I'd stop by and give you the catchphrase.

Thank you so much for dropping it off in person. Usually you leave it on the message boards.

Oh, I totally understand. That voice must be so hard to do.

It's not the voice since I'm not feeling it.

Oh, no. Is it because you're a fish and you're going to puke or you are puking up fish?

Can I ask that one question?

It's all of the above. I'm a fish that ate too many fish.

You're a cannibalistic fish?

Yeah, sorry.

Alright, Gilly. We'll see you later, CaptainPukeFish.

I hope not.

Yeah, so do I. In a way.

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang for another week. Scott Aukerman here.

We have a wonderful show coming up a little later. We have two brothers.

That'll be exciting. And then some entrepreneurs.

That's amazing.

But turning to the field of entertainment, we have three consummate entertainers.

They have acted in, let's run it down, television shows, movies.

Movie?

No movie.

No movies?

No movie for you?

I forgot home movies.

Oh, okay.

That sort of counts.

What kind of home movies are you starring in?

Oh, man, let me tell you.

And are you starring in the...

Oh, yeah, top billing.

Okay.

Above the title? Uh-huh. There's no title.

I am the title.

So Broadway plays? Anyone?

No, definitely not.

No Broadway plays?

I'd like to do that.

Regional plays?

Oh, yeah.

Oh, yeah. Home regional plays?

I wouldn't even say regional.

No.

Just Los Angeles area plays?

No.

I've done regional plays, goddammit.

I've done that.

Why do you keep forgetting your own life?

Who am I?

And also in Disneyland productions?

Oh, yeah.

Oh, right there.

One guy right there.

Absolutely.

They look acting is their first love and they do it so well.

Let me break down who we have here on the show.

First of all, we have someone who's never been on the podcast before, if I'm remembering correctly.

She has been on the comedy, Bang Bang television show and a wonderful guest star role.

And...

That was Weird Al's mom.

Weird Al's mom.

But I'm going to ask you about this in a second.

I was looking and perusing and enjoying your Wikipedia page.

Oh, which has a very inaccurate birth date.

Does it really?

Yeah.

Let's say, okay.

Hold on.

I want to take a look at this and I'll introduce you in a second.

Looking 28 year old you've ever seen in your life.

Really?

Okay.

So we have...

There's like a child after...

29.

Yeah, September 9th, 1990.

No, not accurate at all.

Are any of the details accurate?

Is there a nine?

In your birthday?

Well, yeah, 19.

There you go.

So that's at least partially right.

September?

No.

That's a nine as well.

And what about the 1990?

Definitely not.

There's a nine in probably where you were born though.

Maybe.

Probably in the 80s?

Well, you know, you never know.

Okay.

Hollywood.

But I did want to say...

By the way, Sarah Baker is here.

Hello Sarah.

Welcome to the show.

Thank you so much.

I did want to say I'm reading and perusing and enjoying your Wikipedia page and here's a paragraph.

Other TV appearances have included guest and recurring roles on shows such as A to Z, Bob's Burgers, Bones, Brooklyn Nine-Nine, The Crazy Ones, Ghosted, Ghosted.

Yeah.

Really?

Adam Scott.

Yeah, I know.

But here's here's my point coming up.

Graves, Great News, In the Motherhood, Kathy and Kim, etc, etc, etc.

No mention of Comedy Bang Bang anywhere.

Oh, brother.

Wow.

I mean there is in your filmography, but in this paragraph they mentioned Ghosted and not Comedy Bang Bang?

It's a lot of great, but not super successful television programs.

So here's what I here's what I want from you.

Okay.

Is I want you to and this is this will be where so there's no citation needed when they put this into the paragraph.

Okay.

I want you to say that Comedy Bang Bang was your favorite guest appearance so that at the end of the sentence they can say and her favorite, Comedy Bang Bang.

So please go ahead.

In the third person.

Yeah.

Okay.

Go ahead.

Wait, I say it.

Yeah, you have to say it and then it'll refer back to this episode as the citation.

Sure.

I mean a classic episode that I enjoyed was my episode of Comedy Bang Bang.

And yet you still haven't said it's your favorite, which is what I need in order for this citation.

My absolute favorite working with Weird Al, which by the way, you took a picture of me and Weird Al and I was like, will you please send that to me?

Did I ever send it to you?

No.

I don't know.

Okay, I have I'll send it to you, but I don't know.

Where is it?

I mean, you'll never.

Is it on my phone?

Is it on your burner phone?

This is my iPod.

Thank you.

Oh, I'm so sorry.

You better disclose this in your IMDb bio.

What?

That you never sent this photo.

Yes, I'm going to put it on there right now.

Okay, here's what the Wikipedia will say.

It'll say and her favorite promise to send photo, but reneged on the deal and her favorite Comedy Bang Bang during which a photograph was taken by star creator, creator slash star Scott Aukerman, which was never emailed until 2019.

Yeah, and then we'll need a citation of that.

You'll probably put it up on your Instagram or something like that and they'll refer to that for the citation.

Definitely.

Okay, very good.

All right, Sarah Baker's here.

Hey, Comiskey method is your new project coming up.

We'll talk about that in a second.

But let me introduce our other guests.

They are two of the I'm just going to say stars about them of the podcast superego and one of them has a different podcast called in Meyers.

We trust with Guyers and Rust which just returned and another one has a different podcast which just debuted called the neighborhood good so far the neighborhood in all my times listening to it.

I have to confess.

I never looked at the title.

Sure the neighborhood thread.

Nope.

Threat neighborhood good neighbor good neighbor good.

It's not the neighbor good.

I'm going to need some help on this.

Is there a tie?

Is there a letter that the next word, you know, it's a it's a verb.

It's a verb.

Okay verb the neighbor that in this instance has been transformed into a noun.

Okay.

That's not going to help.

You know, like the neighborhood watch and oh the neighborhood.

Listen, that's right.

There we go.

The neighborhood.

Listen done it eventually and that is out all of these podcasts have just restarted.

Well, two of them have begun new seasons and one has started its initial is one you didn't mention yet.

Freedom.

No, no, what are we talking about superego suit?

No, I mentioned superego.

Did I not?

Did he?

Yeah in passing in passing but on mic.

Yes.

And in passing counts when it comes to a podcast everything is in passing.

All right.

Welcome Paul F.

Tompkins and Matt Gourley.

Hi guys.

Hi.

Do you remember that commercial?

Hi guy.

There was a commercial for I think was for right guard deodorant where a guy would open his medicine cabinet and then there was a guy on the other side.

They shared a medicine cabinet wall.

So it's like a Jack and Jill medicine cabinet.

Yeah, that's right.

That's the other guy would would greet him with hi guy.

Is it an effective commercial?

If you don't recall exactly what product it is.

I mean, where's the beef we all know is Wendy's but this thing.

Yeah, I guess you're right.

You know you this thing is like maybe right guard you said well, I mean, it's an old commercial and right guard has I don't I don't when they make commercials.

I don't think they expect you.

I don't think they expect them to be effective forever.

Maybe I'm wrong.

Oh, really?

There's a self-advertising Sarah.

Where do you land on this?

No, I agree.

I mean the good ones.

We do remember the classics.

Yeah, the ones ones that have won the Clio certainly.

I hope so.

Well, you know, I was trying to remember that that's funny.

He never has a second cup at home coffee ad and I for the life of me couldn't remember whether it was you ban or Folgers.

I think it was brim.

I really feel it.

Yeah, I must have used an airplane.

Yes.

That's what I remember it does does instant coffee still exist to people stuffers back in a big way.

Really?

I'm not kidding.

They're like starting to Target is like the hip new way to drink coffee because they say they've kind of perfected it.

This is this is why I'm here today.

Oh, yeah.

Is it time?

You're gonna make it's time.

Okay, you bring any coffee.

I'm excited for you.

No, I drank it brought it with me in my belly.

Yeah, instantly fish can puke up some coffee.

Oh, he's back.

I got lost in the building.

Cool.

Did you see our friend Charles anywhere?

Oh this fencing instructor instructor.

I'm not sure sounds very patriotic and religious.

Well, he is indeed guys.

Welcome to the show.

Thank you so much for being here.

Paul.

You were on just about a month ago.

Yeah, you're hardly ever on the show and yet you were it's very true.

Yeah, incredible.

It's fun to be back.

Thanks for having me.

Bye.

Let's have you're speaking my language.

Let's talk to Sarah about that's one of the warning signs.

Let's talk to Sarah about the Comiskey method because let's get into this.

Let's do a deep dive here on this.

Matt and I are the co-hosts.

You're the best.

Yeah.

We're also good cop bad cop and just sort of medium cop.

Yeah.

Do you need anything?

Either way.

Comiskey method is on Netflix.

It is I believe it's classified as a sitcom and a comedy.

Yeah, sure.

And any winning or Golden Globe winning?

I can't recall Golden Globe winning.

Did you get to go up on stage when that one did not?

Why is that?

You know, I think the Golden Globes venue is smaller so they don't bring everybody and when that stage is pretty big though.

Yeah, that's true.

Did it?

What did it win for?

Did win for best show?

That's comedy.

Yeah, that usually is where they get like the whole game up there.

Were you there in the room?

I was not.

I think if I was there in the room.

Yeah, that that would have been really weird if they didn't let me go up that you're saying the venues all stage in very few seats.

Yeah, it's like just they're also a table which are you know, it's not just rows of seats and there's giant movie stars that are the star of the show.

So they don't really need me there.

So so you so no invite not even a person party you went to a party.

Yeah good afterwards.

Did you dressed up and everything and then you you went and you took pictures with the Golden Globe next to it.

All that maybe did anyone send you the pictures?

I took them on my own phone because somebody taught me a hard lesson.

Oh, no, I think it would be great.

If you did red carpet and then to every photographer said will you send me that picture?

You send me that.

Here's my email.

Take the time.

You low angle.

Don't send me you high angle.

Yes, exactly percentage of photographers.

Do you think would actually comply?

Zero zero.

But if you like, you know went to the trouble of giving them your email address and they promised but they probably can right because aren't there like true images.

Well, what if they put the watermark?

Yeah, I think if you know maybe yeah, that watermark try it out that watermark by the way does not is not a deterrent anymore.

No, I can Photoshop around that in like 20 seconds.

I think people are just putting the watermarked photos on their Instagram.

I think it's funny like when I when I when I'll have to promote a live show and I have guests and I'll search for pictures of them.

I'll just leave the watermark on there.

I think it's funny.

Yeah, we were doing that with the comedy the aforementioned comedy bang bang television show.

We thought it would be funny if the watermark, you know how when you buy footage stock footage, there's a watermark on it until you actually pay for it.

Yeah, we thought it would be funny.

Just have the watermark on it all the time and and there were putting up we were putting a fake one on occasionally.

So what do you think of this?

Okay, I think when when a show wins an award no matter what the award is the entire production should get up on stage.

Yeah, not just the cast.

What is it with a cast like if they want an editing award?

I think the editor gets to give the speech but everybody involved that's the way you mean even the specific Awards.

Yes.

That's fine.

Yes.

Everybody goes up every single time.

I will say this Alan Arkin got a star on the Walk of Fame and he invited everybody on the cast and crew.

That's really yes, like there was people like, you know, the caterer was there craft services person.

They were like, nobody's even ever asked us to come.

That's so nice.

Was he a little worried?

No one's going to show up though.

No, he could no fans will be there.

He wanted it catered.

But he invited everyone from every crew he's ever worked with.

There's a lot of crazy traffic jam that day is all Alan and people are there from catch-22.

We all know Alan Arkin star of the co-star of the Comiskey method from Fargo or no Argo close one.

I go where he said his catchphrase Fargo fuck yourself.

No Argo fuck yourself.

Oh, right.

Yeah.

Why are you doing this?

Because you double dipped.

Yes, that's what that's what saves it.

And then you also have Michael Douglas from the streets of San Francisco.

That was his last television project before this.

Yeah, God, he got in the movies and never looked back until until now.

Yeah, and what's he what are these gentlemen like to work with?

I mean, what a dream, huh?

You must you grow up watching these two and suddenly you're acting opposite them and sometimes next to them.

Yeah behind them.

I've acted behind them.

Yeah, sure.

The cameras turn around right and get your coverage, right?

No, not at all.

We just see the back of your head.

Yeah, don't let me on stage.

I maybe that's why they don't let me on stage because I don't actually appear on the show.

Just occasionally your the curls of your hair.

Right?

Yeah.

No, they're great.

Alan Arkin is a total grump in the best way, but he likes to do bits and nobody everybody is like tries to be referential, but he likes to like I mean, he's crazy.

He likes to do dumb bits.

He's insane.

Well, now he's not crazy, but he does mentally ill silly bits.

No, no, he'll just like transcendental meditation.

He's like good solid.

Yeah, good.

He's a solid human.

What what kind of bits does he do?

I mean, well, this isn't exactly a bit but like the first like there was a scene where the cameras were behind him.

So it was him and Michael facing myself and Nancy Travis and when the scene start they would turn around and walk into the cameras, but so nobody else could see their faces and the director was like remember like he does not like to be told what to do which is delicious when he has a director all the time because he's always like what and like just ignoring whatever.

That's my Alan Arkin impression.

What?

Yeah, it's getting there.

It's good.

Yeah, it's on its way.

But he was like he was looking at us and the director was like remember Alan, you know, like giving him some note and he was just looking at us going like like a kid for the record Sarah Baker is making a funny face.

Yeah, sticking her tongue out.

Standard funny face.

Yeah, standard funny face.

But not that you typically see an 85 year old.

Yeah, he's funny.

He's a funny guy and Michael Douglas so serious in movies like Disclosure.

He is.

Yeah, he does seem very serious, but he's not at all serious and I mean, he's just very easygoing.

He's like a California guy to me.

Really?

Weirdly.

Yeah, and like he also is because he's 70 75 I think or nearly 75 and I'll be like after a day of shooting like I'm gonna watch some TV and then I'll go on Instagram which he's on and he'll be like drove down to Palm Springs to play some golf and I'm like, I can't do that.

But his dad is a hundred and two and had a major stroke and it's still alive and like came and visited set.

So wow, the jeans are like, yeah, I envy them.

Yeah, me too.

I really do.

Oh, you went real dark.

Yeah.

Like did you just get some news?

Oh boy guys.

Oh, no, I didn't want to announce it on the podcast.

Oh dear.

I have one hour to live.

You chose to do this.

Yeah, that was a mistake.

Be here.

I mean, we're not going to make this any more better than it was going to be for you.

No, okay.

I appreciate that.

No, I'm not going to just anything.

Yeah.

And Sarah you're from Washington DC, Virginia area.

And then you also started an improv theater.

Is that right?

Kind of where was that?

What's it called again?

I started at a theater called Whole World in Atlanta.

Whole World.

Yeah, the whole world.

Oh, okay.

Got it.

And then when we when I moved out here, I was at Groundlings for a little while and yeah, which company Sunday Company Sunday Company.

Okay, what years?

This for this idiot Ryan Gall.

Oh, no boo.

Thank you.

And we of course know your work from the the television show goon with Brett Gelman and Matt Perry and you call Matt Perry.

Yep.

Okay, good buddy of mine.

Okay.

That's weird because his friends call Matthew anyway, good.

Oh, that's why I'm extra special friends with people call Michael Douglas Mike.

Not that I've heard.

You never heard anyone call Mike.

No, I'll American Al not that I've heard.

Well, he's definitely Alan Aloysius.

Alan is not short for Albert.

I'll in the depends on where you go in the fork in the road when you start the name.

That's true.

It's not it's not settled and written till it's said and what season of the Comiskey method are we is approaching a season to season to October 25th is when this comes out.

What do we got a nice 10 freshies out there?

Just eight really did I mention 85 and 75?

Okay.

Yeah.

Michael lives in like New York.

So he likes to do you guys have to go to him to do the show?

No, he comes to you.

Okay, and Alan doesn't live here either.

Right?

So does he live in a strange place?

Of course, he does.

Yeah, where I'll bet.

No, he lives like near San Diego.

That's that's a good guess and then he has like a remote place and like Nova Scotia.

I think wait near San Diego like Poway or something.

No, I forget.

I took a shot.

You took your shot.

Yeah, shoot your shot man.

Well, that's like this kind of rural upper-class area.

Oh, no, he lives in like a normal normal gas lamp quarter.

Yeah SeaWorld.

And what a dream for an actor to be on a show with Legends making eight episodes a year got a lot of free time apparently.

Free time.

Yes, indeed enough time to be on this show.

Certainly.

Yeah, unlike most Hollywood actors making 10 or 15 or 22 episodes a year.

Nope, not me.

And how many how many seasons do you think it's going?

Is there a known quantity or I think we'd be good if we got to three, okay, if you got to three only because I don't know it's that kind of a show and again, you know, yeah, how much people yeah, exactly.

Plus how much much you know, I mean Michael Douglas probably has 30 40 more years left in him.

How much yes stuff how many how many of those years does he want to spend doing this right?

You know what I mean?

Great point.

Well, he might but he might live longer than his father.

That's what I'm saying.

Yeah.

Well, but I mean his father's still alive.

Yeah.

Get him on the show.

Yeah, but yours but yours you're saying 30 40 it could be 50 60 more years.

Yeah, who knows?

Yeah, cuz what is the committee method?

It could be like a longevity thing.

Wait, hold on.

You're you're quibbling because I said he's going to live to be a hundred and twenty five hundred hundred and fifteen and you you think it could be up to a hundred and twenty five.

I'm saying because Kirk Douglas still has not stopped.

Sure.

We don't know how far this goes.

Yeah, that's true.

Yeah, how high up the chain does this go?

Is there a grandpa that's still alive like a Kirk see?

I don't think so.

Well there we know something don't mean Kirk is a hundred and two with having had a major so far so far.

Yeah, sharp as a tack.

Yeah, really?

Yeah, so so but we do know the the family lineage tops out at a certain point.

I think because the grandfather is no longer Grandma.

Yeah, I think or Grandma.

Thank you.

Grandma's can be grandpa's too.

That's right.

Well, you Sarah, will you mention to Michael Douglas that when I went to Costa Rica, whatever you're going to say?

Yes, I will.

Okay, when I went to Costa Rica, possibly four or five years ago, a jewel of the Nile story.

He and his family were staying in the same hotel and I would see them at breakfast every morning.

Oh, I'm so excited.

Definitely gonna please please mention that so God he is gonna die when he finds it.

There was a nice breakfast buffet and there was Catherine Zeta-Jones and the kids and had a had a way it was during the Christmas holiday break.

Okay, if you'll mention this and was there like a signature item that they had and you might remember I believe there was pineapple served if that helps at all.

It definitely does.

Okay, great.

And breakfast was usually 630 to maybe 10 somewhere around there if you have that helps them out.

Yeah.

No, I'm sure this might have been for it might have been five might have been six years ago.

I can't really recall.

Great.

But there was 40 years ago, but there was zip lining on the property if that jogs his memory.

Okay.

All right.

No, all this works.

Yeah.

Okay, very good turning to Matt and Paul.

Super Ego is a podcast and it's new season is it just came out on Friday.

Is that right?

Yes, it's been out on stitcher premium, but Caesar five comes out Caesar five Caesar five.

It's all in Latin.

Comes out.

When are these was out Wednesday?

It's out right now for free to the public six episodes including six.

So even less than the komiski six real freshies.

Well, well, actually they're pretty still now they're six months old, you know, we are yeah, you guys are 93.

We're 93 together.

Yeah, definitely.

Yeah, probably.

Let's break it down.

I know we have we have 51 51 and 46 97 together close.

Wow, too close for comfort.

What do you think of that Jim J Bullock Monroe Monroe?

She's still with us.

Yeah, I hope so.

Why does he work more?

You should get him on the komiski method Sarah.

He's so funny.

Will you mention that to Mike Douglas as well?

Yeah, the Costa Rica and then follow it up with by the way, got a hot new hot new guest star idea.

Sure.

We have Kathleen Turner and the season.

Oh amazing from the aforementioned Jewel of the Nile and romanticist on that because I'm their child.

So I like to know that I'm like the child of the people in the oh my God.

So they they bone down at the end of each of those movies.

I'm presumably over the credits in the credit sequence.

I have a sex twice.

Yeah.

And there were sex bloopers and sex blue those movies came out and money though.

They're just I'm sorry.

I'm sorry.

Those movies came out in 84 87 maybe something like that.

So you could probably be the child of why wouldn't you?

I love it.

This is like the spiritual sequel following up on.

Wow.

So when they get they get old, I mean, obviously they can't have those adventures anymore.

So they what is the plot of the komiski method they'd they sit around and do what?

You got that far.

They keep sending food back definitely sit a lot.

Alan is Michael Douglas's agent Michael Douglas is an actor who maybe had like a flash of success when he was younger, but he's an acting teacher now and then Kathleen Turner is his ex-wife my mother and she is actually like in like Haiti saving she's a doctor saving children.

And so, yeah, okay, that's her character and so actually Kathleen, right?

So superego though because we were on that subject how many seasons is a superego though?

We this is so this is the fifth season is out for free now and it's a lot of fun.

It is and we even got a season six almost already all recorded coming on stitcher premium in January.

Whoa, listen to this run up.

Listen to the run up to January.

Okay.

All right.

You're talking about we're talking October.

Yeah, then November December.

Oh, not the way you think though.

We're switching the month.

That's right.

What we are switching the month.

So friend after Halloween, right?

Yes.

Suddenly it's December 1st.

That's just Christmas still take place on December 25th.

I don't know because it moved in November you go Halloween October 31st trick-or-treat and someone said trick finally.

Oh, finally switch the months Halloween is now Christmas Eve.

Yeah.

Whoa, we go right into Christmas and we start at the beginning of December.

We skip over the 25th.

Okay, and then so going to see who goes October 31st December 25th, then December 1 2 3 through 24 cetera.

Yes, then Thanksgiving then things is on December 26th or no November whatever it is this year.

It'll be the third whatever the third Thursday of last Thursday of last November is I believe then we go back to December that's right.

6 27 28 29 30 31st.

Nope.

Oh then November starts November before New Year's Eve.

That's right.

So December 30th and then November 1 2 3 take where where Thanksgiving was going to be sure New Year's Eve in there put New Year's Eve.

Okay, so put New Year's Eve where okay, so then we have New Year's Eve ends, but we still have approximately three or four days to get things right of November just but are these holidays or do people have to go to school again?

No, no, they're holidays.

They're actual holiday holiday.

I like this way better.

They are there.

There's they're the same.

Are you zoning out Sarah?

I am and I started this thing.

I feel like I went into a different plane, but that's not bad. It's like meditation.

Listen, here's what happens season 5 comes out for six weeks and that includes two live shows then three live Forgotten Classics, which is where we take a novel.

We haven't read and improvise the entire thing that's on Stitcher premium use promo code super ego for one month free I wish you would and then season.

I wish you would use code freedom.

I wish you wish you'd use code neighbor or code trust.

Oh, yeah, that's a good code.

Yeah, because the first code trust.

Yeah, because it was in Voorhees we trust now, it's in Myers.

We trust I wonder if any word would work.

You know what?

I mean, like if you because all of these words are essentially gibberish or not money.

Yeah, trust trust neighbor, you know, but you know, I mean like getting so many now would is it just a way to assign the money to somewhere or does is it?

That's exactly what it is.

But is it a word that unlocks the savings or can you put any word in there savings are unlocked because you just happen to put a word in there.

I don't think so.

It has to be one of the preordained words.

Interesting.

Yes as old that's right.

Yes.

Okay.

So these words unlock the savings the Pope gives the promo codes ex cathedra and then they are divine.

They're infallible.

Hey, great.

Yes, but till the end of time, that's right.

Hmm, presumably so a lot of going on with with super ego going on with a lot going on with super ego.

Yeah, great and in Myers we try it in Myers.

We trust with Guyers and Russ.

Now, this is a show podcast where you and Paul rust another friend of the show great guy.

You guys break down the the first season you broke down the Friday the 13th movies and now you're breaking down the Halloween movies.

That's right.

And we're right in the middle of it.

Now.

This is a franchise that scares me particularly.

So I am courageous.

Do you watch them together?

I don't like this one especially I don't know we do we sometimes do but mostly we don't but I am truly terrified of that first Halloween.

So I made my wife watch it with me.

Oh, and did she frightened the same way that you are like scary movies?

We both do but she she really likes was this her first time seeing it or no, I made her watch it once before right?

Yeah, so you you order your wife to do things and she complies.

Yeah.

Well, she has no choice.

It's a wife.

Yeah.

Yeah, exactly.

Yeah, your husband.

Yeah.

What are you is it?

The is it the weapon of choice with Mike Myers because we all know Jason Voorhees.

He wields an axe does he not know a big a big knife?

Well, yeah, he's mostly known for a big machete a big machete.

Now is that he gets he uses all kinds of things now the machine now the machete here's here's my favorite.

Yeah, the machete it can lop off a head sure that doesn't seem especially painful to me or it can stab you through it can stab you through the heart.

That's the way he does.

He just stabs people through the heart probably right.

I think he does a lot of things but whereas a knife like a kitchen knife.

Yeah, it seems painful to me.

I agree.

I because I've cut myself with one of those two.

Yeah.

I'm more scared of that Michael Myers butcher knife.

It's like a kitchen knife.

Yeah, literally takes it off a cutting board from an old lady's kitchen.

Really?

Yeah.

Do you know that I for most of my life when people say butcher knife I pictured a meat cleaver.

Oh because the butcher uses that to yeah.

Yes.

Not many killers use meat cleavers.

They should they're terrifying looking the cleaver.

No, of course.

We're pretty it's me the cleaver.

It's very choppy, but so is the machete now saw what is what does that guy use saw?

He is a jigsaw puzzle.

He uses a puzzle.

Really?

Yeah, he confounds.

The he just throws them like ninja stars the pieces.

He makes people put the puzzle together in the pieces are poisoned and also guessing you die frustrated.

I frustrated it is poison.

So you guys you guys break down every every I guess they're not episodes.

Although they could be we do 13 episodes break it all down and guess what part 6 of Halloween, which is so batshit has two versions and stars friend of your show Paul Rudd in his first whole rudders.

Really?

That was I did not know that we all know Adam Scott your friend Sarah was in one of the Hellraiser movies very early on in his career, but I did not know Paul was in it.

Yes, very early on in his career.

Blink and you'll miss him.

Yeah, I bet he went on to do a lot of Diane Keaton films.

He was in baby game.

What should get him for the kid?

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

You don't see how much just in a class.

He'd be an acting class.

There would be someone like that in it.

You know, I would like to see in the Halloween franchise is I you know those Nancy Meyers kitchens you mentioned taking a butcher knife from one of the kitchens.

What if Jay what's his name?

Jay Jay Jay.

No, Mike Meyers Michael Meyers.

What if he came to one of those Nancy Nancy Meyers movies?

You think they're related?

They might be related.

Does she spell it?

My ERS or me?

Why are no one knows?

No, yeah.

No one's everyone's just talked about her credit is always it's always vocal and she only has a sense of movies directed by Nancy Meyers and there's no closed captioning.

Nope.

So what if he came and just like beautiful beautiful kitchens and there's so much to work with there so many knives so many kids incredible pots and ladles.

What is the Nancy Meyers kitchen?

You don't like white subway tile just beautifully immaculate shit is suggesting he killed someone with a ladle.

Sure.

Why not?

There's so many great wonderful implements that he could how would you if you're going to kill someone with a ladle?

Yeah, how do you do it?

Well, okay, you probably do you do it curved side and bonk them.

Yeah, definitely a lot of bunking.

I don't think there's enough more do you scoop after you kill them then you scoop out there in there?

Whoa, I would force the ladle into handle wise.

I didn't do this.

But if I did here's how I would have done it.

I would force the ladle down the throat.

I think you have scoop out the heart.

That's pretty good.

I don't think that a mouth could fit around that that ladle.

Yeah.

I'm a crazy killer.

No, that's true.

Could you cut them to accommodate the ladle of shoving it in there go behind them and cup their mouth with it and suffocate them while they hold still running back to make sure it's staying connected.

That would be the dream Mike Myers Halloween movie.

He suffocates Diane Keaton with a ladle the whole movie every victim is killed.

What if he went to an old folks home and just smothered people with pillows and we're getting back to the kaminsky method because is this set in an old folks home or oh, it's not not at all.

Is this part of the grace and Frankie verse?

Do that for season three because race and Frankie is ending right and but they could guest star on this presumably get June in there June Diane Rafe.

Oh, yeah, that would be amazing.

That'd be amazing.

I am I'm basically her on oh, really?

Yeah, because I'm his Michael Douglas's daughter same type of role like same type of rejoinders a little bit similar.

Yeah, why don't you guys just swap for an episode?

That would be fun.

That would be fun and to see if anyone notices.

I feel like I'll notice but that's okay.

No, I'm presumably the age of the viewers is getting up there and maybe they're not you know, it's not it's not in a big font necessarily to take my glasses off and watch my shows.

I don't want to know any no input and Paul tell us about the neighborhood.

Listen, this is a wonderful podcast.

That just just started.

Yes, and is this an ongoing series or is it a close-ended?

This is a is it close-ended?

Hmm.

What verse is it in?

It's in the neighbor verse for sure.

So mr.

Rogers makes an appearance right Jim or John Belushi.

That's right.

John Belushi and Dan Aykroyd Eddie neighborhood.

Oh because of mr.

Robinson's neighborhood.

That's right.

Yeah, Seth Rogen.

Right all State Farm agent.

Zach Efron.

I would imagine all State Farm agents like a good one.

This is a have you heard about their new website neighbor who do F good.com?

I've heard you do that.

Okay, just wanted to see if you do it.

The neighborhood listen is myself and Nicole Parker friend of the show and we play characters who are exploring our neighborhood of Dignity Falls USA via the sort of neighborhood networking apps next door.

We all have these in our own neighborhoods.

They're apps you go on to figure out who's gossiping about whom they're full of crazy people and coyotes and what we do is certainly the apps are not full of coyotes.

I don't know about that.

I'm getting very frightened.

Looks like you watching Halloween.

Coyotes are getting very bold and now they're online.

No register.

It's we so we play characters and we we use real posts from these apps and talk about them as if they're real and then we have a guest releases from the people.

No, okay.

I think I had to track down releases.

Yeah, could you please sign this and now you're in the Union and when then we have a guest on who will portray a person from one of the posts one of the crazier posts people like this idiot Ryan call episode comes out tomorrow.

Oh, wow.

Okay.

So no, I'm sorry.

It came out last week last week even better people can listen to people can stop this right now and listen to that Jean Villa Peak will be on tomorrow.

Oh, it's well, it's a lot of funny people.

We got Lauren Lapkus on there.

We got Carl Tarte Sean distant.

Tim Balts, it's a lot of great guests and it's a lot of star studded jam-packed an incredible podcast that people should be and this is out for free.

It says as in JP or is it stitcher premium?

It's stitcher premium.

It's behind the paywall.

Okay, promo code neighbor.

There is no God freedom.

Freedom three of us.

There is no goddamn reason why someone should not be listening to all of these shows and watching like a mesquite is it true of a reason very true Sarah you can have a podcast that probably not what you got a lot of free time.

All right, you got a promo code for commensio method.

Yeah, use promo code kaminsky.

Yeah, okay.

There's probably enough podcast.

Yeah, but you're so funny.

What was there enough TV shows?

Do you know what I mean?

Yeah, you're right.

I don't know.

I don't know what's funny like million dollar podcast idea.

Well, you know, it's you shouldn't start with yeah, what's gonna get you a million dollars?

I don't know.

And that's that may be brilliant because no one's done that and I could true sitting there.

What about this the million dollar podcast with Sarah Baker where you give away a million dollars every episode.

Oh gosh.

Yeah, I'm gonna have to get some great sponsors.

Sure.

Why not?

There's so many Matt.

What if you got all the mattress companies every match?

So it would be like a princess in the peak on the situation just always in the podcast.

This is it the princess in the podcast.

You just on top of all these mattresses and you're like, I can't sleep in your yawning.

And it's like you get you hear the cock crow or you see like a rooster and it's you know, like sound lines are coming out of its mouth to him.

Let's yeah, you know to imply that it's growing and it's morning and the Sun is coming up and there's like a compass.

Yeah, and alarm clock with a point to the face.

Yeah.

Yes, maybe like a tornado of cash coming towards like one of those glass boxes that like an exciting tornado not a no, you know one of those wind boxes were like money flies around. How about one of those is open the door is a jar the money has gotten out and the tornado of cash picked it up.

Actually.

I do think a podcast like over the thing.

It says earlier that day and I want to I want to tell everyone's clear.

I want to start this on this show.

By the way.

I think this will be a great new feature.

I want what I want this to be built into the studio.

I want one of the glass cash boxes where the wind picks up and then people try to they have 60 seconds to grab as much money as they can.

I want that for every guest.

Oh, every guest gets to do it at the end of a show.

Can we set that up please?

You wanted like many booths.

Okay, three at a time where the whole show is done.

You know, I was in one of those things one time.

That's a lot of fun.

How much did you get for a bit on his show?

Oh, I got zero money, but it was fun to be in that with paper swirling around magazine drive and Junior.

Hi, and if you sold enough magazines, you got to do the money scramble, which was that money scramble to do all the work and then you had to like but you had what you could get only if you sold so many and that one was tiered so high.

No, I'm sure I get it.

I wonder what kind of bills they used in that was a ones five tens of like a hundred every once in a while.

I don't think they ever had to do it because no kids sold that many magazines.

Oh, man.

So but here's what I think is going is that you're first of all, you're having to do the work of selling the magazines.

Yeah, then your award for selling the most magazines.

This this mythical number of magazines.

Yeah is that then you get to go in this desperate booth and try to grab as much as you just said the booth was fun.

Yeah, and now it was fun, but I didn't do I wasn't doing any work to get in there.

I mean you got up and walked over there.

Yeah, that's just a bunch of work.

As I do money is like Mike was what like Mike and Ikes.

Oh, we got you guys sold candy when you were when you were growing up.

We sold magazines and then sold enough.

You got Mike and I like all box of Mike and I maybe I don't maybe there are multiple boxes.

I remember you Mike and I give you one of each a Mike and an Ike would they give you the whole I remember they shut down an entire period for us to give us the whole sales pitch about all the stuff you could win.

What what's your period and entire period Natasha Leggero that should be the sequel the entire period but they and and they turn down the lights and it was a slide projector.

I remember and they showed you all the prizes and it gets your little mind working of like I could probably do this.

Yeah, it's insidious.

It's did you ever go door-to-door at all?

Yeah, okay.

I thought kind of a neighborhood.

I feel like you know, it was like yeah me too like a clipper who do stuff like a like a gate or anything, but just like it was easy to take a little suburban.

Yeah, same.

Yeah, there wasn't a moat around it.

Is that what you're saying?

No, we had to sell these Christmas kits.

It would be a big box with a bunch of little honestly bullshit treatments that you would try to sell to people or name it's even in my memory.

They're so cheap, right?

But they must have really been bad.

Yeah, they were terrible.

They were terrible Christmas kit it.

Well, that's just what it was called.

But it was a box of shit that you were supposed to sell to people fuck that I do Christmas from scratch.

Really you buy the ingredients there.

It's not selling someone a kit.

Okay, you are you are in possession of the car.

I'm selling the items from the car.

Oh, I see carry-on carry-on.

Can that be easier?

Just a story on it'd be easier to sell the kit.

If you get somebody to buy the whole thing.

Sure.

Yeah, but nobody wanted any of it.

You got to land the big fish.

Well, I tried to do that would always be your parents.

Yeah, exactly quickly tell you guys a major scandal in junior high. How quickly can you do it?

How quickly minute or two?

Are you going to do this quickly by editing out elements or will you be speaking speaking very quickly tell us if it rained tell us if there was wind.

It was probably a sunny day Granada Middle School and Whittier California would have been in the 80s sometime and we were going to way you grew up in Whittier next to the Marie calendars where I worked for a year and listen on Lucerne which just closed down.

No, I know that's the my reaction to it.

Hi my old alma mater.

Yes.

All right.

Go ahead.

Okay.

So the big thing was for the eighth grade graduation.

We got to vote on a movie that they were going to get a print of and screen it on a projector.

And so there was a huge it was a small class and we're going around going like is it really is it Star Wars?

Is it pretty in pink?

Is it porno?

Anna Jones?

It was something like the a porno like it was a small pool of jokes.

We just guys seriously pornographic.

Oh my God.

Wait, oh you're going to feel bad about joking when you hear that.

Okay, I'm ready to eat my words.

Okay, so we all knew we were voting for something like that.

And then they had this big assembly and they said the votes are in you guys wanted it.

The movie is cat Baloo starring Lee Marvin and Jay Fonda the musical and clearly they just own this film and show it every year and make gas like the kids and to think that they're voting for it.

That is in the 80s.

That's a movie from a sluice.

I've never even heard of that.

Yeah, exactly.

That's what we said in junior high.

We're like what is that a cartoon voted for cat?

But no one they lied to us.

This is one of the funniest things I've ever heard.

So he wonderful joke by adults for themselves.

I kind of respect it.

It is amazing.

It's amazing.

Fucking call me like you guys did it.

You wanted it.

You want to know what?

We heard you.

I got asked though.

How was cat Baloo?

It was shit, you know.

You didn't enjoy it.

Well, we were sitting on the floor of an auditorium in eighth grade.

But taking out expense taking out expectations.

You wanted Star Wars.

How is capital is it?

Okay, very disappointing.

I probably love it now.

Where'd you get to watch it during class?

What would have been class hours or that's pretty good.

I guess so, but we were thinking it would be something really really cool.

Nat King Cole's the narrator Clint Eastwood and paint your wagon.

I mean, that would have been something.

Oh my God.

No, we knew Clint Eastwood was nobody knew.

Lee Marvin was Marvin.

I barely know who Lee Marv is now.

That movie I believe is most famous for the performance of a horse who it's Lee because Lee Marvin's characters frequently drunk in the movie.

Only horse to win Best Actor.

So the horse though, if remember I've never seen this movie.

I just know this from like movie books that the horse would would like run would like walk alongside buildings so that he could lean the drunken.

The drunken cowboy could lean on the on the wall.

That's all I know about that movie and I believe then Lee Marvin sings in it, right?

Yeah.

Wow.

We had at my fifth grade Carnival if you got so many tickets, I guess you just pay for the tickets.

You don't win the tickets, but if you gave them so many tickets you could watch one reel of Star Wars.

What one real one real anyway in a booth or something.

No in a classroom.

They had a projector set up and they were like we got this one real of Star Wars.

I remember the real it was the real where he goes and into Ben Kenobi Ben Kenobi saves him and he goes and like looks at the droids and cleans them off.

Oh, yeah, real one.

Oh, you really started there.

Oh, yeah, sorry there.

So I think it was real to please but and I and this is pre VCRs, which by the way watching that Joker movie.

It's set in 1981 and he's poor and has an answering machine and a VCR.

I don't think so.

I don't think so. Mr.

Phillips busted fleck, but this is so this is 1980 one year one year before the Joker and no one had VCRs and Star Wars was not out on VCR.

So it was just fascinating to us.

We just spent all of our tickets going in there and rewatching this one real of Star Wars over and over.

Yeah, did this begin your fascination with real?

I believe it may have.

Yeah, how many reels is the kaminsky method by the way 83 per episode?

Yeah.

Wow, those are short reels.

Yeah, about 10 seconds per reel.

God, the projection is must have it bad.

The constant dark blip in the corner.

And it's Netflix.

So it's it's streams live.

Yeah, watches it.

Yeah, this guy's like going out of his mind.

Yeah, no, it's crazy.

All right, we need to take a break when we come back.

This is exciting.

We have a couple of brothers on the show that and a little later. We'll have some entrepreneurs and Sarah you can stick around.

Is that right?

Of course.

Paul and Matt you have to go.

Yeah, we have to go forever.

Goodbye forever.

All right.

We'll be right back with more comedy bang bang after this comedy bang bang.

We are back here Sarah Baker from the kaminsky method is here and you were also telling me that you're in a film which people can purchase now.

Yes, and it's a sound not appealing but it's actually a good movie.

What is it weird baby?

Okay enough qualifiers.

What is this film?

It's called the death of Dick Long the death of Dick Long not a pornographic movie even though it sounds like it something I would vote for what pornographic maybe what is the plot of the film and where can people get it?

That's the thing.

It has this really janky crazy plot twist, but it's essentially about these somebody dies the sky Dick Long dies.

And so then you're trying to figure out like what happened.

Okay, so kind of a murder mystery.

It's like a mystery like maybe not murder, but somebody yeah, did someone murder can we talk about that?

So that is someone died.

Maybe a murder.

Maybe not.

All right.

Yeah, perhaps foul play.

Well on podcasts do what's next shrugs shrugs here cuz I have been shrugging up an audible shrug Sarah Baker we have to get to our next guest.

They oh, by the way, where do people buy this film?

It's on VOD or so.

Okay, great.

Really effective promotional tour.

Hey, this is a 24 movie.

Yes people buy things by studio.

Yeah, right.

All right, we need to get to our next guest.

They are brothers.

Please.

Welcome to the show Ned and Ted Kemper.

Thank you so much for having us on your show.

My pleasure.

Get a little closer to that mic if you're going to talk so softly if you don't mind.

Sorry, are you picking me up now?

I am certainly picking you up.

Yes, which one?

Am I a little too close to this mic?

No, you're at a good distance.

Exactly as close as you need to be.

Who's Ned and who is Ted?

I'm Ned and I am too.

I mean Ted.

Were you gonna say you were Ned as well or you're we get mixed up because I see honestly there's three of us.

There's three of us.

We're two brothers.

What do you mean?

I'm only seeing two.

I mean, I'm seeing three people because Sarah is here.

This is Sarah Baker, by the way, pleased to meet actor from this to meet you kamiski method.

You guys ever see the kamiski method or three reels?

Wow.

He's stuck it out for one whole episode.

You but you're saying there's three of you.

Is there a brother who's not here?

That's correct.

We have a brother that perhaps you're familiar with he would be here if he could but he's incarcerated.

Oh, I'm familiar with him.

I'm trying to think Kemper.

His name is Ed Kemper.

He's a famous serial killer.

Oh, but we're not we're not working.

You're not famous.

We're infamous in our own way.

That's right.

We do get up to real mischief at family gatherings.

Yes, our brother gets most of the attention, but we're pretty crazy in our own way.

Wouldn't you say one time I hit my wife's stapler?

Oh, well, she's an avid stapler.

She loves to staple and I thought what a prank if I were to take it.

Where did you hide it?

I forgot.

Oh, did you ever did she ever find we are without a stapler minus one stapler at this point?

Yeah, we do all that fold the corner of the paper thing.

Oh, yeah part right paper clips never thought of it.

Don't believe in them.

Okay, so you time I had my wife staples.

Oh, so wait is your wife and avid stapler or she is I hid the staple.

I hid the staples in his wife stapler.

Oh, no, so these things are gone to forever.

Where do you think it might be staples?

We I hit wait you took your personal stapler and staples from your home.

She's never think and we took them to staples.

We hit it in a staples.

Okay.

Yeah, you're not going to get this back then.

It's like sir.

Yeah.

Hey in a haystack.

Haystack needle in a needle stack, right?

Yeah.

So you guys do you have jobs or yes, of course we do.

I'm a general manager of a popular electronics franchise and I'm the manager general of an unpopular electronics franchise.

Okay, so I'm I would think Best Buy or something for you.

It's an older one where older than that resistors and transistor wait Radio Shack.

Well, I don't want to say but like because on a game show you have to give it equal time.

Sure, but I don't.

I don't think Radio Shack exists anymore.

Does it not didn't it go out of business?

Oh, it did.

That's why no one's there anymore.

I show up and the doors are locked.

I didn't have the heart to tell you.

Well, you've been going to work every day, but the doors are locked and so you just sit outside.

Yeah.

Have you you haven't been collecting a paycheck for years every day.

Angry I could murder some.

Oh, whoa.

No, no, it's outside asking people for their personal information address and telephone number to what end to hide.

Why do that?

Well, it might open up again and then I'll have that trove.

Okay, the main function of Radio Shack was collecting personal data.

Oh, that's true.

Yeah trying to get and selling remote control cars, right and you're the manager general of an unpopular one.

It couldn't be more unpopular than Radio Shack.

It's called Pioneer Chicken Electronics.

Oh, no.

An ill-fated venture by the Pioneer Chicken Corporation to get into the electronics biz.

Does it still have the shit, you know that sign that all Pioneer Chickens had that was in the shape of a stagecoach the Pioneer himself, right?

And anytime that a Pioneer Chicken would go out of business and if the the new business didn't want to replace the sign they would just put whatever the name of their business is.

Radio Shack did.

Really?

Yeah, so it was just said Radio Shack in the outline.

In the outline of a stagecoach.

Yeah.

Okay.

A big battery shaped like a covered wagon.

Elon Musk's covered wagon.

Hmm.

So now it's driverless.

It's the first driverless covered wagon.

It's horseless.

So now why are you guys on the show?

Are you here promoting something or yes, we are.

Are you guys okay?

You're breathing very heavily.

Very excited and asthmatic.

That's a terrible combination.

I have pleurisy.

What is I have singular see?

Okay, what so what are you here to promote?

Yeah.

Well, it's time for us to announce.

You don't have to talk in unison.

We don't we do we do we do.

Okay.

It is time for us to announce an exciting new television program well called brain searchers brain searchers brain searchers surgery surgery.

Yeah, surgery.

Yes.

It's like when you have a surge in your brain.

That's a surgery.

Well, you know, maybe you need a surge protector from one of your stores.

I'd love to get in there and get one.

Is this is the stock still in there?

Oh, sure.

I wish I could provide a surge protector, but everything in the store is covered with chicken grease.

Oh dear.

So this is a new television show that you guys created or is it a it's on web flicks.

It's on web flicks.

We are the creators and stars you are okay.

Describe this show because it's not ringing any bells for me, but certainly there's a lot of content out there and maybe I've just missed the the advertisements and what exactly is this?

This is a program where we try to find the diseased minds of criminals out in the world of America.

We travel around and put up 70s analog audio equipment and record them.

You record who the mind minds the minds of whom criminals don't you mean the brains?

Yes.

Thank you.

Yes.

There was a close hand.

There's a legal reason any reference to mines or hunting please take it out.

Yeah, because I think now I don't know if there are Netflix parties where all the Netflix stars get together Sarah, but I think we saw each other at a party who me and you know, I mean the there's a there's a sister show on Netflix called mind Hunter which I think that I never heard of that doesn't sound familiar to me doesn't ring.

I believe your brother Ed Kemper fictionalized version of him is on this show.

What he's always trying to cast cop copy us.

He's here's the thing growing up with Ed.

He just sucked all the life out of the room.

Then he went on to suck the life out of several people.

But it was a real room killer.

He was and then he became a regular one.

It's true.

It was that a gateway for him.

Do you think I guess he'd do you know a lot of serial killers start killing animals and that then it leads to humans this guy.

He just killed rooms first really just was a bummer.

Well, he took all the attention and made it forced it on himself and we were left in the shadows a couple of dynamic guys like yourselves.

Thank you.

Thank you very much.

Yeah, so you're so you're your show brain search.

I served I thought you said searcher at first which would maybe be more of a one-to-one with mind Hunter.

I don't know what you're talking about always a critic never a crit.

So but brain surges you go around the country much like Jonathan Groff and the other wonderful actor whom I can't remember.

Do you see him at the parties Sarah?

What do you not know what mind Hunter is?

No, I don't I'm really don't watch scary programs.

It's not really scary.

They just have scary music on it.

But it's like it's boring office seems is it about serial killers?

Yeah, but there's never any drama in it.

It's just it's basically no offense to your brother.

My mom taken taken mind Hunter is basically if you took episodes of The Office and put like really dramatic music over it. That's basically what mine Hunter is.

Okay.

Yeah, it's a lark.

It's not serious like what we're doing over at webflix.

Exactly.

What do you guys do some mere trifle?

What we're doing is something very serious.

We sit down with criminals.

We interview them and then we learn about the disease that is crime.

Yeah, what types of criminals are these serial killers as well or no, it's been done.

Yeah.

These are petty criminals.

Bubblegum thieves.

The people that break the chain of the bank pen.

Oh, so these are very petty crimes.

Well, take it easy.

I mean, but it's a it's a it's a disease.

So these are people there.

They haven't been incarcerated.

I would presume there are yet but we profile them so that we can predict if someone has tendencies that might go that way.

Okay, what are like you might if you if you run a small shop selling various sundry items, you would have this information to know if someone was about to steal still more a comb.

Maybe we could profile these two to find out.

Okay, let's game for it there.

I don't know if you've ever been profiled at all.

I would imagine it's answering a lot of personal questions, which I'm game for it.

Who are you are you ping-ponging back and forth between us or what are we going to do this the same?

That's the most efficient.

Have you ever broken a little chain off of a pen?

Off of any pen?

At a bank.

Because I don't know a lot of pens that have chains on them.

That's the only one I can think of.

Yeah, so have you?

I haven't.

Last time I even stepped foot in a bank would have been 10 years ago.

Maybe your eyes are darting all over the place.

Your beads of sweat are this is just my normal hosting style.

Although I'm going to say no, I don't believe I have not done interesting.

We'll put that in our records.

Isn't this the backwards way to go?

Like don't don't you start with a criminal ask them personal questions and not just start with normal people and ask them that's crime questions.

Done.

That's been done.

Okay, let the doctors work.

I have a question.

Okay.

Have either of you ever stolen any bubble gum?

Okay, you said I have a question like it was going to be something different than well, you heard the pen question.

This is a different question.

Are either of you petty criminals in any way?

Oh in any way.

Yeah, I mean, I've definitely stole like I think I stole a little, you know, those little zodiac things you can right now by the way, you're miming a circle and you're mentioning a zodiac scroll.

They were little scrolls.

You could get it like 7-eleven and add your zodiac.

You're confessing to being the zodiac Steeler.

Did you write little notes to the newspaper after each one you took?

No, I just found out what my favorite color was as a cancer and what was it blue as a cancer.

So wait, we're talking July maybe June June very end of June June 30th.

Oh interesting.

So you stolen approximately one scroll or do it?

I think just one time just one time have a whole nerve still don't it's a latent tendency then it lays dormant and you Scott have you stolen any Scrolls?

I've never really stolen any Scrolls.

I'm trying to think of any other petty crime.

It's never stolen a single scroll.

Well, they're one scroll.

I can't think of any kind of other scroll that I've ever come into even contact with Dead Sea or otherwise, no Scrolls at all.

No, but I do believe I may have jaywalked on occasion.

Does that help you?

Oh, no, no, we'll have to put that in our records.

Yeah.

Okay, let me open my record scroll.

So you've approached people and asked them basic trivia questions then mock them for being stupid.

No, that's a different type of jaywalking with the famous comedian who's wrapped up in the Ukraine scandal.

You're saying you've never gone to Universal City walk and waited until you found a tourist and you asked them a question about who was the first president or when they got it wrong.

You didn't laugh at them.

I know I've never done that.

I've never had a kill rate of approximately 75% in all of these videos that have been taken just hoping a dumb person comes along.

I've never done any of this.

No, I jaywalking what I what I meant to say was I've crossed the street not at a light and in the middle of traffic.

Yeah, as a pedestrian you've walked when you did not have the right of way.

I do believe pedestrians always have the right of way and yet I have broken the law in the sense of I've crossed not at intersections with a green line.

Is this a compulsory feeling for you?

Like you have to do it.

Does it give you sexual gratification?

Would you like it to?

And is it worth doing for us?

Okay, these are a lot of I would say no no yes and no.

Well, I forgot the order.

Oh no, so I'm going to put them where I want them to be.

Okay.

Does this help you guys?

Are you figuring out how the mind of a jaywalker or you're just figuring out what I've done?

Of course, but yes and yes.

Hmm.

Have you ever stole Sarah?

Have you ever stolen money from your mother's purse?

I actually stole a penny from my great-aunt Gertz coin purse and I confess like seven minutes later.

Are you from the book Little Women?

No, but I mean, I was a small child.

Was this a rare penny?

No.

I was like five and I just went for it.

I was like, I'm immediately filled with regret.

Did you not have a penny?

Is that why you stole?

Probably not.

Thank God bless you.

Sorry.

Cut you off.

I presume you also did not have a hey penny.

I didn't.

Well, then God bless you.

There you go.

There we go.

I mean, just take out whatever I said.

This is a terrible story and were you punished severely?

I hope no, I was like, yeah, no.

Were you spanked?

Were you spanked as a child?

I'm doing your work right now.

If you know what you mind, please.

When you stole twice, maybe like one hit twice twice for the same crime.

No, but one time was when I was in like high school and we were in the car and my mom just like went like that on my on my leg.

Okay.

On your upper leg got a spontaneous nosebleed so that she felt terrible.

Whoa, that's not as strange as you might think.

Willed it into happen.

You've seen this before.

Absolutely Ted.

When we were young and we would bounce along on our hippity hops.

A lot of times blood would come out of our noses and ears or what?

Oh, no, your ears.

Pretty gross Ted.

Sorry, Ned.

I think you guys may have swapped names there.

I can't.

I'm not sure.

No, we swapped seats.

Oh, okay.

Whoever sits there is Ned and whoever sits here is Ted.

You can try it later.

So this show is basically it's a documentary of you guys doing it.

It's not fictionalized.

Is that it's nonfiction because this is all real and scientific.

Everything we're saying is the truth and not a lie.

And what happens it at the end of these episodes.

You just lock them up.

You lock up the criminals or your data the perps.

Okay.

Yeah, we lock up the criminals with their data, right?

So that everything sealed in one package and they have to look at their crimes.

So you lock them up with these Scrolls.

Where do you lock them up?

I don't think this sounds legal.

We don't ask.

He mentioned the S girls.

Yeah.

I forgot to tell you I've added a new step in the process.

Well now we're even I forgot to tell you about Radio Shack.

Good to be back.

What your lives are going to be very different come right after this podcast.

You're not going to go to Radio Shack anymore.

You're you know, the existence of the Scrolls.

Do I get sexual gratification from it?

Should you too early to tell?

Hmm, by the way, please not.

Please let us know the levels of your sexual realize.

It was obvious the levels of your sexual.

I shouldn't have worn these pants mine.

Describe these pants because these these things are dynamite.

They're gray sweat trousers sweat pants.

You mean you'd wear these sort of sweat trousers to do an exercise workout.

Okay.

These are like jogging.

I'm wearing jogging of such an activity sweat cotton sweat three-piece suit.

These are the kind of sweats that say you had a pretty lady over your apartment and said and she was like no I got to go home.

I don't have anything to change and do well.

I have sweats this kind of thing.

These are not those type of sweat a man's three-piece suit unless she wants to look like Diane Keaton at the Oscars or in Halloween 20.

You're also wearing a sweat Derby.

And your sweat gloves.

Yeah, it doesn't keep its form.

Yeah, so so how many episodes did we say 30 30 episodes?

This is amazing.

And this is all on webflix, which is presumably an over-the-top service that I'm not aware of.

It's definitely an over-the-top service.

It just plays our show and the Stallone movie over the top we all wow.

This this sounds really good.

Actually.

Yeah, that puts the flicks and webflix right in and we put the web the web of crime.

Well, we have our set is a sort of big spider web and we put the criminal in the center and then we slowly crawl it all towards towards him as we ask her questions.

What's the what is the web made of ropes or actual detonation cord live wire?

Like the kind that they put in Vietnam like to trip wire kind of stuff.

We're all Vietnam veterans.

You are all four of us.

All four of you you do you know all of us in this room.

Yeah.

Well, this is and what have you learned about crime before we have to go to a break soon.

But what have you learned about crime doing 30 episodes of this show?

I guess the biggest thing we've learned is that crime doesn't pay it does not really do not get paid.

Why have you been doing the show?

Well, we were told we'd be paid by him.

I told him that we'd be paid.

Oh and he agreed that we would be okay, but you never had anyone above your pay grade saying that they would pay you not so far.

There's no one above our pay grade.

We're doing the Lord's work.

Oh you guys are religious.

Oh sure.

What religion kill kill?

Oh, no.

Oh boy the religion of murder.

Well, that's what we were raised in but we're no longer in the church.

But my brother is that's right.

My brother is to yeah your brother Ed.

No, oh each other Fred.

Oh Fred.

Oh, there's a fourth brother.

Yeah.

Who's also a killer religious sense, but not in the legal sense.

He's in the band the killers.

Oh Fred Kemper.

Yeah.

He's the lead singer of the kill.

He's a lead singer.

Yeah, they replaced the Brandon flowers changed his name Brandon Tartakoff vendor Brandon flowers.

Yeah, what a career could you hear like we all four of us brothers we talk alike and so you could hear how this voice would be conducive to that kind of singing.

Oh, yeah truth hearts.

Wow.

Yeah an incredible resume for both of your brothers not so much you your unpaid.

I guess your amateurs at this point.

You're not professionals, but you know, that's not strictly true because we don't love doing it.

And we do have sponsors.

We just don't get paid.

Oh, okay.

Who are your sponsors?

Do you want to do any ad copy for any of them?

Yeah webmd.

Are you webm'd?

Yes.

Are you afraid that you have cancer?

Here's some justification for you.

It's there if you look this will send you down a spiraling hole we do a little segment sponsored by webmd called what's that spot?

Oh really?

And this is about spots on the body.

Yeah, we get the audience to chant it along with us.

What's that spot?

I didn't know this is taped in front of a live studio audience.

It isn't know that's probably why we can't get the audience to chant it because there's no audience.

Yeah, there isn't that's the number one reason I think so, but you're a bit of a profiler yourself Sarah.

Yeah.

Yeah, I don't want to be on your show.

Oh shoot.

I was going to ask and so many questions we'd pay you.

I don't think that's true.

Like that's not true.

Well, we'll agree that you're going to get paid.

I agree that she'll get paid.

I do too.

All right guys.

Look we need to take a break and you guys are leaving.

Is that what I hear?

No, no, we're sticking around.

Okay, and Sarah you're sticking around but well there we do have a couple of entrepreneurs coming up.

Yeah, so that's very exciting.

All right, we'll be right back with more comedy bang bang after this.

Comedy bang bang.

We're back here Sarah Baker from the Comiskey method as well as several other wonderful shows better things Louie.

You ever try any of that stuff with you?

What if I was like just a single?

What about that?

My never alone.

Remember remember Michael Douglas's whole thing about how he got ill.

Does he ever talk about that?

Oh, no, and I have not brought it up.

Okay, please bring it up.

I had forgotten about until just now.

Thank you so much.

Uncomfortable sets for season three.

We also have Ned and Ted Kemper who are brothers brothers and television unpaid television producers.

Yes, unfortunately, correct.

True all too true, but we have to get to our next guest.

They are entrepreneurs.

Please.

Welcome to the show Jed and Red Kemper.

Hooie it's us.

Hello.

Hi guys.

We're the Kemper brothers and we are pleased as punch's pilot to be here.

Oh my please.

Usually it's pleased as punch but is that short for punch's pilot?

I never knew that.

I don't wish to be offensive to you so I will see the entire phrase.

We basically take a Kaiser roll put a golf hole post.

Wait, are you getting to it?

Let's get down to it brother.

Have you ever wanted a Kaiser roll, but it doesn't you can't see through the fuck through it.

You can't see the fuck through it.

How come Kaiser rolls come impenetrable?

You can't see nothing through them.

That's because they're named after the ruler of a country that's often going to go wrong.

That's right.

So let's make it go right.

We put a golf ball post hole in it ripped it out didn't eat it for out of spite just threw it.

That's good meat.

Just wasted that meat.

I don't know.

I'm what do you think a Kaiser roll is son?

Well, I'm thinking you have some meat in the middle.

That's what I was imagining as a sandwich.

It's called a compromise.

The Kaiser roll come meat in the middle meat in the middle is a compromise.

Yeah, why don't they call it a compromise instead of a sandwich what we do it cause some sandwiches don't have meat in them.

Oh, really?

What kind of sandwiches with those?

Grilled cheese sandwich.

So what we do is we take a bagel that we make out of bacon a Kaiser roll have a hole in it.

We only have Kaiser roll ovens.

We take the Kaiser roll oven open it up take out the Kaiser roll and then make a bagel fresh every morning.

We cook the Kaiser roll weeks ahead of time.

We cook it weeks ahead of time put it in the oven take it out of the up and put a hole in it be back ball.

You got a bagel you need some air I do take a good breath here before you start talking.

You gotta get a bagel that did Kemper bagel brother bagel bagel bagel shop.

So the Kemper brother bagel bagel bagel shop is that what what what?

Yeah, I have a question.

Yeah, so I have a question for the Kemper brothers.

By the way, you guys are Kemper brothers as well.

Are you all related?

Yes, we're related.

We just you're related but I mean Ned and Ted you're also two different.

We're related.

Of course.

We're related to each other.

But are you said we're brothers the two sets of brothers.

Are you related to each other?

Oh never never will be we haven't been before and never the twins shall meet no one of one of you marries each other.

Oh, come on now.

We're already married to our wives.

So that's right.

You heard stapler loving wives and they're coming here after the next break.

They are okay.

Well, unfortunately the next break is the end of the show.

Well, they're picking us up.

Oh, okay.

So jet and red.

Where is take a big breath before you answer this.

Where is your where's your shop located?

It's a down on the street.

Sure.

What do you think of jumping the sky?

No, it's not like a Mario.

But it's not a street where people can get to it.

It's a regular normal bagel shop.

There's a door.

There's a window floor and a roof and a Kaiser roll oven.

We got this over to the Kaiser roll.

You put the Kaiser roll in that open you.

Yeah, that sounds delicious is an oven like an oven.

Yeah, you said the same word twice is a oven like a oven.

What do you I don't understand.

We don't like to make fun of people's regional accents on this show Sarah.

This is not a kind of do.

I hate those people.

Oh, I hate them fully one of our friends from Georgia were on this show except Georgia.

I do like Georgia.

I have the most respect for Georgia.

How did you guys get into the Kaiser roll business the Kaiser roll bagel business?

We were forced into it.

We will fire parents said you gonna be Kaiser roll shares minute.

So just spank them we converted all the kind of road into bagel.

Oh, I see.

We found a hole which was a loophole.

And do people like this?

I mean, I think I mean do they buy your stuff?

You know what?

I mean, I did people like Kaiser rolls that have been converted instead of just bagels.

Well, people like bagels.

And so we have a bagel store and they call me added.

We set up the bagels people love bagels.

So your business is doing well through the roof.

What's the question?

Look at what we're wearing roof.

We're wearing look at us.

We're wearing fancy clothes.

I have a satin suit a silk tie and a boy lap carpet bag.

Okay.

Yeah, I don't know why you're carrying that bag with because I got more satin suits in there motherfucker.

Okay.

Well get like a silk purse for them or something.

Get a South here one more like.

So that's the kind of joke that your brother makes that you enjoy.

We make jokes and we have a good time together.

He's a cut up in the family.

I'm somewhat more sober and serious.

He's the serious one.

Climate change and all.

He's always thinking about climate change.

What do you think about it?

Well, it's troubling isn't it how it's getting hotter and we're not going to have to use our ovens much anymore.

Oh, yeah.

I like to make jokes instead like saying oh, well you put a snowball in the oven and that's your climate change and I say what a fine mess you've gotten us into and then we do do shows on the weekend.

We do shows on the weekend.

You have a theater in your in your store from makeshift stage.

Uh-huh.

We make it shift people come in and we'll be like the stage over there now.

The temp the bagels are temporary closed in order for us to do a regularly scheduled show.

So please wait and then they're captive and they wait they watch and the shows are long that we're talking like all day Nicholas Nickleby affair.

Well, we will say it's sorry to open his clothes right now because we go to the show.

Okay.

Wow.

I've heard I mean the hot stage lights but having an oven right next to the stage to I mean it must get very toasty in that in that room.

Well, where we closed up and down it is just a stage lights that is climate change to climate change.

Yeah, he goes again talking about climate change.

Do you ever worry that a another store will open with a clear Kaiser roll that you can see completely through all the time.

We think we have been greasing palms left and right to stop them from happening.

We have been going up to local smart children and saying please don't invent a clear Kaiser roll.

This is like the water engine.

I mean the gasoline industry is very afraid of that.

I mean if they come up with an invisible Kaiser roll you guys are done for yeah.

Thank God we got that water engine we invented that drive guys have a water engine.

We got tons.

How many you need?

We also invented a time machine so to go back in time to stop someone from inventing a see-through Kaiser roll and to keep the Kaiser alive if you guys have water engines.

Why are you so worried about climate change just change, you know, well you can't it's an ethical thing.

You can't use them for that kind of thing.

What's done is done and cannot be undone.

Okay, you guys ever see the Comiskey method sure.

Yeah 83 reels you guys recognize Sarah from it.

Of course, we do.

I love you work so much.

Thank you so much.

That's so nice.

Thank you.

She's a romance in the story.

Why did you say thank you because she complimented me that it was so nice.

Oh, thank you.

You're welcome.

Not a real compliment.

Thank you.

It's kind of just something someone says after hear anyone thank us for anything.

We've been sitting here the entire time.

Yeah.

Well, thank you very much.

Thank you.

Well, thank you very much.

You think you're welcome.

Was that so hard?

Yeah boy who are these killed yours?

I don't know.

I mean, I kind of wish that we had swapped the the acts here on this show.

You guys are so high energy.

I mean, we're having a good time.

Six guns.

Oh two more.

So eight guns.

Oh New Year's party clackers.

It's on a different day this year.

I don't know.

Oh, Django danger Island.

So TV show for my childhood.

It was showing to you was shown out of sequence on the banana splits essentially a narrative but the episode seemed to begin and end with a cliffhanger that was never resolved.

Wow.

How come I don't remember this.

Do you remember the story the danger Island?

No, I just remember old charcoal.

So let's get on with it.

Oh, yeah.

What are you guys here to talk about you?

I thought it was the bagel shop to promote it, but we'll get on with it.

Sure.

We want to talk about the show.

Yeah, the bagel show the bagel show.

Yeah, it's called the bagel show but pronounced the big old show the big old show.

Now this is a live performance that we do at the bagel shop this happens every day from approximately we open at 9 a.m.

So the 905 to closing time, which is 505.

Okay, so your oven is not on this entire time.

It is on during business hours when the show is not happening.

Okay, but you said the show is every day.

Yes, I did.

Okay, but we have five minutes where the people can get their bagels formerly Kaiser rolls.

Okay, exactly.

So 9 and 9 a.m.

You got to show up right there on the dock get your Kaiser roll, bubble, excuse me bagels and then five minutes later the show starts.

Thank you five.

So does somebody else like bake the Kaiser rolls for you and then you just put the hole in?

Oh now darling we make all the bagels ourselves.

Please stop touching her, please.

No, it's fine.

Thank you.

We don't have any employees on account of the fact that we are not making any money.

Well, neither are we.

No, we haven't had a frog in my throat.

Oh, are you all right?

We haven't made a center.

Yeah.

No, so you guys haven't sold any of these bagels.

Well, we sold them but we are over here to so high that we're at a loss but for five years you can write that off.

That's true.

So we're just waiting for that moment.

Will we start to begin in the in the black when the show really hit when the show takes off we go all we need is get a couple good reviews.

There's a couple of scouts from Knox Berry Farm come around not Knox.

No, it's very far.

Yeah near the Walmart.

Oh, okay.

You never had a Knox Berry.

I don't believe all their delicious.

They are taught and sweet at the same time.

That sounds amazing.

So we talked so you guys are not hoping that the business takes off from selling bagels you hope it takes off from someone investing in the show that you guys perform.

Well, we feel at the bagel business are taking care of itself and now it's time for us to shine.

Yeah, the bagels is somewhat of a lost leader like a Vizio TV at the front of a Best Buy and whatnot.

Sure.

Yeah.

I mean Ted, you know about that.

You know about Best Buy is right.

Boy, do it.

Oh boy.

Does he oh, yeah good.

Say good.

Yeah, they're the major competitor, you know Best Buy is doing quite well compared to Radio Shack these days, right?

So tell me about your show, right?

Right.

Yeah.

Wait, you want to know about you want to know about the show this show week now, it's a two-man show.

We play all the characters at a hundred characters in the show.

Wow, man hundred character show so 50 apiece.

Well, he's got this thing where he's got to have one more than me.

Okay, so 51 for him 49 for me, but it's two more than you.

Oh shit.

You son of a bitch.

Sorry.

I didn't think you find out this way.

Why don't you just do 99 characters that way one of you could do 50 one of you can do 49.

Well, we can't all the characters are pivotal to the plot.

There's not a single edit we could make Sarah.

Do you play more than one character on your show?

No, just the one see must be nice.

You don't have to do all these characters with all pivotal to the plot.

You said now who's going to play them?

We should have written a simply show like Eldward Abbie's who bus stop.

He'll do it.

I would Abby don't you know Eldward at all bus stop.

That's a play about a bus job.

Sure that has the meats.

You made me run my nose.

I'm sorry brother.

I mean to be you run your nose.

What is the plot of this?

Because if there's a hundred characters every day, right?

Yeah, so every character gets a bit of time for a monologue.

Yeah, and there's a hundred monologues in the show.

Oh, what we did is we bought a hundred monologues for young actors at bonds and no boys.

We just put it on as a show but it's foolproof because now nobody else can use those monologues as we bought them.

No, I think you just buy the rights to to a reproduction of no, we got 1499 bonds and no, no, no, that's a book anybody can buy the book though, right?

No, we bought it.

We have it.

What do you want me nobody can buy we have a receipt from box and Nobles.

Do you remember when you were at the store?

There were other copies.

Yeah, cuz you need to for the people.

That's right.

So we bought two copies, but there were more than two because anyone can buy these.

How do you know how many copies were at this box of Nobles?

Were you there?

I would I know I was not at the Barnes and Noble.

See is looking all around.

Did you take some candy from Barks and Nobles?

I know I was never at this Barnes and Nobles.

I was not doing a prank show.

Not filming you.

I was not filed, you know, you're offering information that no one asked about.

It's very curious.

I don't think I am.

I mean, I did say something about a prank show when no one else had nothing about no prank show Impractical Jokers.

Is that your favorite one?

Oh, I love it.

We love a practical joke.

You've heard about the practical Jokers who the practical Joker. Well, that makes no sense.

What does that mean?

Practical practical jokes.

You've heard of practical joke.

I guess what does it mean when you think about it?

We're the pragmatic Joker.

We're this is a better show.

I think than the show that you guys are talking about the pragmatic Joker.

We're the pragmatic Jokers.

This is a joke.

That's really highfalutin and gonna be hard to pull off.

Yes, I do.

When this is what I don't know what or the pragmatic.

Oh, I thought you asked me a direct question.

This is part of the the movie Joker the universe.

That's right.

Yeah.

Okay.

Yeah, that's what I'll show is based on the movie Joker.

Yes and pragmatic jokes.

Is it serious or more of a comedy?

What is not clear about all of them?

I don't know.

It sounds like a lot of gibberish to me but Sarah are you following this?

I mean, I feel like it's an eight-hour show that's every day with a hundred characters.

I'm not a lot from various famous plays Night Mother Mistfire cracker.

There's some audience participation in the deep blue sea.

Yeah, sure with the got it the pragmatic jokes.

I assume there's maybe an audience participant.

We've never yet had an audience that we leave a space for where the audience member would have participated like Elijah.

Yes, correct would the actor Elijah would you're hoping Elijah would comes in?

He does a lot of podcasts.

He does eat bagels.

Okay.

Yeah, so it's not the furthest thing from you listening would Elijah please we call upon the grace us with your prayers.

Oh, sorry, you ever work with Elijah would maybe you could put in a word or a wood.

Fortunately, oh man.

Would you like to it's okay.

Sure.

That'd be fun.

What you better pray to him like I just did.

He's not a God.

He's just a person.

No, he makes people pray to him every single day.

Well guys, I think you have a bad business model and I'm talking to all four of you brothers.

Wow, very rude.

Yeah, I don't like to cut your deal.

Well, I please don't cut my gym.

I hate you too.

I hate you.

I hate you hurt my feeling you hide us.

Thank you.

I look I call him like I see him and we've had a lot of bad business owners on this show over the years as you can imagine Sarah and not everyone's is I mean if this is a representative, this is a good yeah, this is a good model for how the show usually goes someone comes in here talks about their terrible business is just a slice of life.

We could have slices.

Oh locks locks on these are the bagel.

Yeah, we put a hole in the locks to you.

Yeah, okay take a salmon put a hole in him and call him a locks I can confirm this you can well guys.

I look I don't think you are successful.

I don't think you'll ever be successful.

Well, then why are we here?

You had us on your show exactly.

What does that say about your show?

I don't know.

Look, I don't know why I do it.

I talked to failures every single week.

I think it reflects poorly on you and we're trying to do something.

Yeah, that's true.

I don't know what I'm trying to do shows a failure.

Yours was a failure.

You're a failure you stink you stink.

Don't join in.

You're doing great.

Okay.

Thank you.

So I think you're doing a good job as well.

Oh, well, thank you very much Ned or take.

Oh, you got me with the cyclone classic.

Great.

I was on a cycle.

I know God just made a joke, but I do think you're doing well.

Well, thank not.

Whoa brain surge is that part of brain surge surgery at the end we say to the guest you got brain surged and then a big red them up with their Scrolls.

Yeah.

Yeah, you've seen it.

I just feel like the descriptions really lasted.

She see a stick.

You've been echoing them back to us in a cohesive way.

We appreciate yes.

It's like you're a you're a bat to hurt hunting for food and where the trees and walls that you're echolocating against who's that's poetic.

Yeah, is that one of the monologues that you guys do it is now I've been writing it down.

I hope you did because I have illiterate as you don't I do all the thinking and I do all the feeling.

Oh, well guys, we're running out of time.

We I'm so sorry.

We just have one final feature on the show if that's all right, and that's a little something called plugs.

Oh, I want to plug you like an animal.

I want to plug you from the inside.

I want to plug you like an animal.

My whole existence is booked.

You get me closer to Scott still going.

Is that is that a true fade out from the from the submitter and not us fading out prematurely.

All right, wonderful.

True.

Yeah, that was closer to Scott by Dr.

Crane.

I wonder if it's dr.

Fraser crane.

I love which one it could be.

Dr.

Niles crane.

Oh, that's true.

Yeah.

Whatever see the episode of Frasier where Niles has to do office office hours in his home and he has a patient come to his home.

I did not see that is weirded out by his home.

What's wrong with his home?

I did not see this.

Well, it's just the patient is not used to seeing the psychiatrist in his home office and he remarks on the home and it's very invasive.

Huh?

The name of the episode is the harassed.

I'm wondering why you know, this is there one of your favorite actors episode of Frasier one of your favorite actors on it.

Perhaps.

Okay.

Look we have to plug things Sarah.

What are we plugging?

Obviously the Comiskey method comes out next week.

Feel like we've covered that we've covered it right and we covered a long long John the death of Dick long the death of Dick long and what's on the horizon?

I mean, what's taking up the other 11 months that you're not filming the Comiskey method.

It's gonna get real real dark real fast enough.

I'm in a movie called super intelligence that comes out.

December really?

What is this who's starring in it?

It's in yourself.

So McCarthy.

Oh, great, sweetheart.

Melissa McCarthy and do you know the plot or can you talk about it at all?

It's do you know the plot of the movie?

You in she it's like it's an end of the world type scenario apocalyptic.

Yeah.

Okay dystopian future.

No, like dystopian present.

Yeah.

Okay, and do you know I think that if a movie is not post apocalyptic it's automatically pre-apocalyptic and I think you can call most movies pre-apocalyptic.

What if a movie was just apocalyptic like the movie starts right when the apocalypse starts probably apocalypse is one of those.

Yeah, probably apocalyptic.

Oh, maybe but like Annie Hall that's a pre-apocalypse movie.

I think we're forgetting apocalypse now.

I mean that's saying it's like immediately.

That's definitely an apocalypse movie, right?

Anything else you have the floor right now?

No, that's gonna be it.

All right, great.

All right, Ned and Jed.

What are you plugging?

Well bagels, of course always bagels and Jen read I mean was that yet Jen read?

Yeah, I said Ned as well.

What what I didn't hear that.

I heard my name.

Okay, sure, but Jed and read go ahead.

He clearly said net and Ted.

Thanks.

I'm so sorry.

I said net and Jed actually.

Oh, all right.

Well, okay, I guess we got it guy who cares just elaborate on something.

Yeah.

Thank God we worked on the same projects all four of us.

Do we neglect to mention that we're big fans of a few podcasts?

Oh, really?

Yes, exactly.

What do we got super evil and in my eyes?

We trust out now.

Also the neighborhood.

Listen also out now.

Okay, and Freedom is that out now?

Not really.

I think it's stopped but coming out soon coming out in a couple of weeks.

I'm going out soon for free coming out soon for free.

All right for Freedom.

Wonderful and I want to plug look I got to admit the comedy Bang Bang tour is continuing next week.

This is exciting.

We have three cities were going to be at mission.

I look I have to say I have to admit it and I will not lie.

You can't dance around it.

You certainly can.

Are we human all we dancer as your brother said that's right.

I did know that you know, we have Portland Oregon on October 23rd.

There's two shows early show in a late show.

We have Seattle, Washington on the 24th and this is very exciting Vancouver.

We're returning to Vancouver with a great show on October 25th.

All of these shows.

We're going to have Paul F.

Tompkins, Lauren Lapkus and Andy Daley is actually coming on tour with us.

He has never done this before.

He is coming with us.

Plus we have special guests on every single one of those shows.

I don't want to spoil at this point.

You got to come out and see us.

Who is it?

Oh, well, oh, you almost got me.

Also, we're doing the New York Comedy Festival on November 8th and Philadelphia on November 11th and Philadelphia or Washington DC where you're from on November 12th.

Will you be there?

I won't but never breaks my dad's birthday.

All right, baby.

Bye.

J to you.

I think everyone gets tired of that song after one thing like we should just end it after that like someone goes.

Oh, it's your birthday.

Happy birthday to you and then we end.

No, you think wouldn't it wouldn't be very happy.

But then you don't get to do the great part where you go up way high.

Yeah, but everyone hates that part.

You don't because everyone starts too high the part where you say skip around the room.

I don't know that part around the room.

We won't stop singing till you skip around the room.

I don't know that's not traditional where I'm from.

What about Scooby Doo and Channel 9?

Cooee cooee leave.

No, not yet.

I get out of here.

I still need to do one last plug which is growing stone cold.

The holes are growing back the between two ferns movie.

They are adapting the between two ferns movie.

If you have Netflix, did you watch it?

Oh, thank you very much.

The look if you could if you could watch it this week if you haven't seen it, I'd appreciate it.

The first 30 days are important.

We got another week here to go watch it this week.

Just look if you don't even like it turn on and let it play to the end.

That's all the way to John Hodgman.

Press play a walk away.

Exactly.

All right, let's close up the old plug bag.

Close your eyes and open up that bag.

Open up that bag.

That's a great song.

That is pretty good.

That's a really good song.

I did not like that.

I don't know about that song.

Okay, good.

Good addition.

Certainly a new addition much like Bobby Brown.

Alright, well guys, we are out of time.

If you can believe it.

Can you believe it?

I can't believe it.

Wow.

I want to thank our guest Sarah always great to see you.

Thanks for having me.

Good luck with whatever how 2020 brings to you.

Thank you from the world of politics to fingers crossed fingers crossed that will still exist right and Ned Ted Jed and red guys.

So great to meet all of you.

Thank you.

Come to Noah's bagels failures all but you have a wonderful outlook broken like a two-ferry.

Thank you very much.

It's one to fail one.

All right.

We'll see you next time.

Thanks.

Bye.

No, no, no.

Yeah.

Heroes.

you Thank you.
