---
layout: page
title: 624. Jocelyn DeBoer, Dawn Luebbe, Griffin Newman, Laci Mosley [https：⧸⧸cloudfront.wolfpub.io⧸CBB-624-20191015-DeBoerLuebbeMosleyNewman-SKv01-PW.mp3].mp3.wav
category: cbb 
---

♪ Comedy Bang Bang ♪ My scuba instructor and I had very different ideas as to what Wetsuit meant.

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang!

Guh!

With a hard G.

Thank you to FoolishMortal.

Oh, that's ominous. FoolishMortal.

For that wonderful catchphrase submission, my scuba instructor and I had very different ideas as to what Wetsuit meant.

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

And welcome to Comedy Bang Bang, if I didn't reiterate it enough by repeating that catchphrase.

We have a wonderful show.

Coming up a little later, we have a, uh, someone in the, uh, I guess you can call it almost the mining field will be with us.

And someone adjacent to the entertainment business.

That will be coming up a little bit later.

And coming up as soon as I finish talking and performing their intro, we have two people firmly entrenched in the entertainment business, and that will be exciting.

A little house cleaning before we start.

To all those of you wondering, yes, I did email the picture to Sarah Baker last week.

No need to remind me about that.

The episode ended.

I said, oh, I have to email that to you.

She said, you'll never find it.

And I said, I can find it in five minutes probably.

And within three, I emailed her the picture.

So no need to, uh, uh, keep tweeting me regarding that.

Uh, going back a little further to the Jason Manzukas episode.

Thank you so much to those of you who, uh, wrote in to say that you were on my side about the entire argument we had.

Uh, I'm so glad that most of you said yes.

What he said was confusing and you are right about that.

So Jason, if you're listening, uh, you were wrong and I was right.

Uh, and the majority of the fans have spoken to that effect.

All right.

Before, uh, we run out the clock on this episode, just talking about other episodes, why don't we get to this one?

Um, this is exciting because, uh, uh, I've had one of these people on the, uh, show before, uh, and one of these people has not been on the show before.

So we're really exploring the dichotomy of experience of human experience with these two people.

Uh, they have a new movie, which they co-wrote and co-directed.

I guess I could just, I could just say you wrote and directed it because I'm speaking to the two of you.

If I was speaking to one of you, I would say you co-wrote it and co-directed it, but I'm speaking to the two of you and you wrote and directed, uh, an amazing new film called Greener Grass, which is out now.

And people can, as far as I'm concerned, if you live in New York and Los Angeles, you could probably get in your cars right now and drive to any theater.

And if they're not showing it there, they'll probably give you directions to somewhere where it is showing.

Um, it's in, uh, theaters now.

And in my opinion, people should go out and see it right now.

Please welcome Jocelyn DeBoer and Dawn Luby.

Hello.

Hi Scott.

We're so excited to be here.

Yeah, but this voice is Jocelyn.

Hi.

Oh wait, you're doing a voice though.

I know that's my voice.

You lowered it.

Hello, I'm Jocelyn.

Don't be sultry, Jocelyn.

Be regular Jocelyn.

Hey Scott, I can be whoever I want.

Okay.

And this is Dawn.

Damn.

There she is.

No, this is Dawn.

Ah, guys, welcome to the show and welcome back to the show to one of you.

And does the person who has been on the show before want to reveal who they are?

To tell the truth style where you both like sort of try to stand up and you alternating like haltingly stand up until the real one does.

Well, for all the lifetime fans of bitsy boo-boo, I can reveal that that was always Jocelyn DeBoer.

Whoa.

Mind.

Fucking.

Blown.

Welcome back to the show, Jocelyn and Dawn.

So great to meet you.

So nice to meet you.

I'm very happy to be on the show.

Okay, well, let's dispense with the pleasantries now and get right down to it.

What do you say?

Let's do it.

Yeah.

I saw the film last night, Greener Grass.

Yeah, Scott, we were so happy that you came to our little LA premiere.

I was very happy to get the invite.

You know, I'm not invited to a lot of things.

So when something pops up in my email box, I get a shiver up and down my spine of, do I leave the house?

I don't know.

And it was a real decision.

But when I had heard about this film, I'd been hearing about it for months.

And Jocelyn, I think I saw some stuff on your Instagram about it.

And I was like, oh, wow, this is incredible.

I had no idea you guys were doing it.

And it's been touring the festival circuit for a while and getting incredible reviews.

And I read some of the reviews today because I was trying to sort of process what I had seen and wondered what other people had thought about it.

Currently 100% on Rotten Tomatoes, which is incredible.

We don't read any of our reviews.

We don't look at anything.

Oh, you should.

They're good.

Yeah, but then they're going to be bad.

No, they're good right now.

Read those.

But thank you.

That's exciting.

That'll not last long.

I'm sure by the time this episode comes out, it'll dip a little bit because 50%.

No, no, no, of course not.

It's a very good film.

Now, for those people who don't know anything about it and who don't are not familiar with your work, describe your backgrounds a little bit and how you met and how you started doing the film.

And this is an order, by the way.

I'm not asking you to do that.

I'm ordering you to do this.

Well, Jocelyn and I met back in 2011 when we were put on a sketch team at the Upright Cinema.

10 years after 9-11.

That's right.

That's how we like to describe it.

Yeah.

Interesting.

Yes.

And Jocelyn is a real weirdo and I was very, very drawn to her strange, strange pitches.

And I...

Pitches.

When you say pitches, what do you mean?

Like on our...

Like you have a softball team?

Yeah, she's very athletic and her arm, her fastball, like it blew me away.

Spitball, it's a little hard to get to Haka-Lugi sometimes if you have dry mouth during a game.

That's right.

So she pitched a no hitter and I was very impressed.

No, you know, we did a sketch at UCB and then both moved out to LA close to the same time back in like 2014.

How close are we talking?

Are we talking hours, weeks, days?

It was a year, but I was just wallowing in sadness for that year.

Really?

So you moved first?

No, Jocelyn.

Oh, I see.

So you were wallowing in sadness in New York.

Yeah.

The sad city as they call it.

Meanwhile, you're out here in LA and you're living it up.

I was living it up.

Hollywood.

As far as I can recall, you had two bit parts on the comedy, big TV show.

Basically, the extent of my career.

Yeah.

So Don came to LA and comedy bang bang had slowed down for me.

Yeah.

Eventually that well dried up for all of us.

That's right.

But yeah, we were like, we should make something.

So we made a short film together and that was Greener Grass, the short.

Right.

Now this was a short film.

Where did it come out?

Was it online?

Or was it shown in theaters?

Much to our surprise, we ended up playing the festival circuit.

OK.

And so that was a world we knew nothing about that.

Our film kind of took on a life of its own.

And when we talk about festivals, we're talking about the dance, aren't we?

Sundance.

You take a trip to the dance?

Greener Grass did not make it to the dance.

You didn't get asked to the dance?

We didn't.

We got rejected.

There's got to be there's got to be a Sadie Hawkins version of Sundance.

As far as I'm concerned.

Where women get to ask movies to come to them.

I love that.

I think that's a great idea.

Isn't that a good idea?

Yes.

Sundance can come to our house.

Yeah.

Yeah, we premiered in France.

And Robert Redford should sponsor it.

He should be the one out there on the front lines of this movement right now.

What with what with everything that's going on with the Me Too movement and everything.

He should be the person behind it to say, OK, look, women ask movies to come to you.

That's right.

And I'll pay for it.

Yeah.

I like that.

Love that idea.

Yeah.

Robert, get on it.

Yeah.

That's right.

Yeah.

It's short film.

Yeah.

Then we made a feature.

OK, so you made a short film and this was Green and Grass.

I've not seen the short film.

I've seen the longer film.

That's what we prefer now.

You prefer people to see the long version?

Yeah.

So if people had a choice.

Yeah.

If people were to if they were to arrive at the theater.

And the usher were to say to them, OK, it's playing in two theaters.

You can see the 15 minute version or you can see the 104 minute version.

You would prefer they they go to exit to the right.

I'm presuming the 104 is on the right.

If they have time, we would prefer that.

Right.

If they don't have time.

Are you cool with them seeing the 15 minute?

They can see the 15 minute.

OK.

We also think our trailer is very good.

Yeah.

I'm a little worried it's better than the movie.

How long is the trailer?

Shorter than the short.

So what are we talking, two minutes?

Yeah.

I mean, it flies by it on right.

Flies by.

Like you start you press play on that trailer.

Yeah.

And then suddenly it's over and you're like, where did the day go?

Right.

I feel like I'm back in college again.

Yeah.

So, OK, so the short film comes out to universal acclaim.

I would imagine.

Just like people knocking down our door.

Yeah.

Hollywood.

And how does how does it then transition to the two of you making what we call in the business, a longy?

A longy.

That's right.

Well, first we developed a medium.

We developed a TV version.

Oh, I see.

That's actually it can be a super longy unless it unless it doesn't get made like ours, which then it becomes a chunky.

So you guys had a chunky.

We had a chunky, which is a TV show that didn't end up going.

And but truly, we we just wanted to develop the world of greener grass in a in a longy format.

Because which world is this?

Because I was watching and I was presuming it was set on earth.

But I but at a certain point, I couldn't tell.

Yeah.

Well, it's it's a very heightened version of Earth.

Is it a parallel universe?

Is there have you figured out the science behind this movie?

Is it?

We know the science.

Does it does this earth vibrate at a different frequency than our earth?

And that's why everything is materially different?

Yes, it does all come down to the vibration.

OK, so in any case, the film is out now.

You both directed it, which is an incredible achievement to actually direct a movie.

And I say this as a filmmaker between two friends.

The movie, not in theaters.

You guys are actually in theaters.

Maybe two, don't you?

But so what was it like on set?

I mean, obviously, you guys have worked together for a long time.

But what is it like directing a film together?

Were you sort of alternating depending on who was in the scene or were you both doing every scene and sort of like checking, checking?

What about checking the gate?

Who checks the gate for you guys?

You know, Jocelyn and I, we were always curious to hear how other directing teams work, because we do every single thing together next to each other.

We write looking with our laptops next to each other on one document.

Really?

We we direct.

We both are, you know, at monitor adjusting everything and talking all the time.

And let me tell you how it works with with myself and Akiva Shaffer when we did the Michael Bolton special.

Yeah, basically, basically both of us were sitting in director's chairs by the monitors and another scene would come up and we would look at each other and whoever was more lazy would kind of go, you do this one.

And then maybe we should try that.

That sounds more fun.

That's like a good method.

I'll tell you, it came to me more often than it came to Akiva to get up and actually, OK, guys, here's what you're going to do.

Yeah.

So but you guys were out there like and you're starring in the film as well.

You didn't just write and direct it.

You're starring in it.

You're out there looking at the monitors before the scene starts and the composition of the shots and everything like both of you.

Yes.

And this is where the stand ins really come into play.

Am I right?

Were we to have stand ins?

We they would have no standards.

Well, we had really nice grip.

So we're like, hold that light and stand here for a second.

Wow.

Scott, we were hustling.

They you know, this was a 19 day shoot in 17 different locations.

You know, almost one location per day.

We couldn't afford stand ins because all of our budget went to adult braces.

So every adult in this movie, I don't want to spoil anything in the film, but I will say that braces come into play.

And we're talking about the teeth kind, not the leg kind.

That's right.

Yes, exactly.

Although the leg kind could be part of the film, we never really I mean, a lot of the guys were wearing Bermuda shorts, but yeah, there are some pants and who knows what's under those.

Right, exactly.

So I I don't want to say too much about this film because I went into it cold.

I all I knew was the title, which I don't even like to know that sometimes.

You know, because I started thinking like greener grass green.

Is this is this is this in competition with the weed dispensary pilot I've been writing for the last five years?

It turned out not to be.

I was so relieved because I think this thing is golden.

It's really going to go far.

Well, Scott, can I tell you something quickly?

I don't want you to get all competitive, but we're coming out with a greener grass weed.

What?

Yes.

We these two ladies here, we've partnered with Higgs, which is I don't know what Higgs is super cool, ultra cool.

I don't know anything about weed, which is kind of impeding my flow with the script that I've been writing and why it's been taking so long.

And I refuse to try it because I fear I'm allergic, so I don't really know anything about this.

But tell me what Higgs is and everything about the process.

Higgs is a brand that of pre rolls, so they make cool.

I know everything about pre rolls when it comes to podcasting, but for weed.

Oh, let me tell you, Scott, it's like a joint.

You don't have to do any work for.

And we have a line coming out called Soccer Mom Sativa because soccer moms, they don't have time to roll their joints.

Yeah, they need to be able to just pop open a pack, smoke a doobie, get on the road.

Basically, if directing and comedy doesn't work out for Jocelyn and me, we want to have something to fall back on like drug dealing.

Yes.

So we noticed a lot of stoners really love our movie and we wanted to get in front of it.

Exactly.

This is this is great thinking.

You guys are incredible entrepreneurs.

I have a lot of entrepreneurs on this show and they're usually a bad idea.

Quite honestly, they're usually a collection of eccentric oddballs who come in here pitching their wares.

But this is a good idea.

Well, thank you.

When's it come out and where does it come out?

It's coming out in November.

It's a century.

Yeah, just in time for Black Friday.

That's right.

We're going to have a super sale.

Thank you for helping us with our business model.

But Scott, we had some at the party last night.

Oh, you did?

I saw some pink joints.

I did see someone, my friend who's in the film.

Yeah, she had something.

I don't want to call her out specifically by name because who knows if she wants to be associated with that kind of thing.

Actually, forget I said anything.

That's just bleep bleep out her name to keep in everything else.

It's legal now.

Scott, I know it's legal, but who knows?

You know, I don't know whether it's on brand for her, but I did see I did see her take something into a corner and and it was it was it looked pre-rolled.

I have to admit she wasn't doing any work.

Her shoulders were relaxed.

They were so relaxed.

Like usually when you see someone smoking weed, their shoulders rise up to their ears.

They're like, God, this is so tough.

Yeah, so stressful.

Let's get back to the film, though.

So I don't want to I don't want to spoil it because I went into this not really knowing anything about it, and I was wonderfully surprised by it.

And it's I truly thought I will say this.

I truly thought that I mean, I know you guys work, but I thought it was going to be a just kind of a more regular comedy, if I can say that.

And the the world that you guys have built and the tone of the film is it's it's a really intriguing combination of several things I really like, which is UCB style humor.

Yet it's directed really, really well, almost like a John Carpenter film in a lot of ways.

The music is really reminds me of John Carpenter.

And it's it's it's totally just so incredible that you guys did this.

So I want people to see it, but I also don't want us to talk too much about it because I feel like spoiling any of it would be a terrible mistake.

Thank you, Scott.

All that nice.

We'll continue to just talk about our week.

Yeah, so greener gas through soccer moms, the TV.

No, it things.

It's it's incredible.

And who maybe we could talk about your influences.

Who were the influences in making the film?

Oh, definitely.

Well, we are big John Waters fans.

The two of us just like him on the Emmys.

Like when was that?

A couple of years ago.

No, the Independent Spirit Awards.

It was that.

Yeah, that's right.

Yeah, he was funny.

He's so funny.

And we we love how he satirizes Baltimore, of course, where he grew up and all these wild characters.

But he has so much passion for that community and for, you know, the people he's, you know, kind of having fun with.

And we so admire that.

And we just we wanted to bring that to our work is that we well, you know, while we are satirizing this socioeconomic class that we kind of came from, we, you know, had a happy childhood to.

Yeah.

So it's a lot of John Waters.

I think people can connect the dots.

Your film has something in common with a lot of John Waters work.

Yeah, John Waters.

It's something that like we've yeah, we both kind of grew up watching that.

And we're David Lynch.

We were watching Twin Peaks at the time we made our short film.

So definitely that kind of thing was an influence.

You guys are incredible multitaskers.

You're making a short film, watching TV while you're doing it.

This is incredible.

Can I tell you what we were actually doing is that we had nothing to do again, just waiting by the phone for comedy bang bang to call every day.

Sorry about that.

No worries.

You and me both, sister.

And Donna and I were going to the LA Fitness together just right here on Gower and you look great walking on the treadmill with our iPads.

Literally.

Thank you.

Literally walking on the treadmill, watching Twin Peaks.

And maybe the only people in the gym doing that and going to get tacos after.

Yes.

Wow.

We were like, we should do something.

This is the LA dream.

That was a lifestyle I can really get behind other than going to gym park.

Thank you.

It's really incredible.

Can you give sort of I hate to give anything away about the plot.

Make it sound boring.

What what like, you know, don't make it sound exciting, but just tell us what the plot is, because I don't want you to include any exciting details because it's a really good movie.

I want people to be surprised by it.

So give me the boring pitch for the film.

Greener Grass is a satire of American Suburbia.

Too good.

That's too good.

Oh, too good.

Yeah.

Make it sound more boring.

Two women sit on bleachers.

I like that too much.

Yeah.

Less, less.

Yeah.

Give me less.

OK.

Bleachers.

No, that's the exciting part.

Well, the two women part perked me up as well.

Yeah.

Lots of vomit.

No, these are juicy details.

Cut a vomit scene.

Yeah, we did.

Oh, wow.

Everyone who saw our movie at Sundance will be disappointed to see one vomit scene is missing.

Oh, no, really?

It is missing.

It didn't make the final cut.

Did you test the film in front of audiences?

Is that why you cut it out?

We well, we didn't test it all.

This was a whirlwind, Scott.

OK, I'm we we started a movie twister that's in the film.

That's right.

Thank you.

We started writing this movie.

I don't want to spoil anything, but but in the middle of the film, the film pauses and everyone watches Twister for about 85 minutes.

And then and then it cuts before the end of Twister.

Like you don't even know what happened.

It goes back to your film.

That's a spoiler.

It was a brave choice.

We only had the budget to make a short and we're like, how do we make a feature?

Yeah, well, I did want to say the film starts with a lot of slow mo.

I'm like, that's how you pad a runtime.

That's right.

Yeah, good.

OK, well, now you guys basically know what our whole movie is.

And no, it's really it's it's incredible achievement.

A lot of people don't get to make things a lot of times.

And you guys not only got to make it, but it came out so incredibly and just not not what I expected at all.

And I hope that people go into it.

Well, now they're going to expect not expecting something.

I don't know.

This is a catch 22.

Did you catch 22 of that Hulu version?

No, no, it's a lot like that.

Ah, not a good situation.

No, it's not good.

So greener grass.

It's in theaters now.

People can go see it.

It actually expands to other cities on November 1st, which is around when that weed business is starting up.

And if you live in another city, you can just ask for it and it'll come.

Like, for example, Don's mom lives in Nebraska.

Yes, she really wanted the movie to come to Lincoln.

And I thought, well, that's probably not going to happen.

And she emailed the local indie theater in our town.

But she was like, well, I can't write it as me.

They'll just think the director's mother is asking for this.

So my mom writes an email from her email address, but signs it my aunt's name.

OK, well, some people share email addresses.

They're so expensive these days.

Yeah, but you know, my aunt is basically equally related to me and same last name or we all have different last names.

Oh, good.

They wouldn't have known.

I was adopted in my I have a different last name than my parents to begin with.

So anyway, it truly didn't matter.

Sad story.

It's a very sad story.

Oh, my God, you're crying.

It's too much.

I forgot.

I was like, this opened up a can of worms.

Don't make this about you.

I just wanted to talk about my adoption.

I didn't know you were a doctor.

I've been hiding it all this time.

Exclusive comedy, Bang Bang exclusive.

I never talked about breaking news.

But anyway, my mom just wrote as my aunt being like, I heard this incredible movie that was at Sundance, Greener Grass.

Can you get it to come to Lincoln?

And I was giving my mom such a hard time for doing this.

It was so embarrassing.

And then the next day I get an email from IFC with our updated list of theaters and right at the top, Lincoln, Nebraska, New York, L.A., Lincoln.

Wow.

So I'm telling you guys, if you want this movie, you got to do it right.

Your Indian.

So your mom is already doing sort of the Sadie Hawkins Sundance kind of thing with this film.

Maybe Robert Redford needs to talk to you.

Maybe maybe he'll intro the film.

That would be amazing.

Let's have your mom right to the theater as your aunt saying, Will Robert Redford come and introduce this film, please?

And then see if there's any traction.

Yeah, that's a great idea.

So November 1st, this comes out and I really do.

Look, I got to admit, I have a lot of people passing through this studio and they're, you know, promoting their stuff.

And a lot of times I haven't even seen it.

A lot of times I don't really like it, but I give it the same enthusiastic plug that I give everything.

I this is not one of those times I really do want people to go out and see it.

And because I think it's such a unique film that I think just people should check it out, you know, and it's like something that people in our community don't often get to do stuff like that.

So I hope that people support it.

Thank you.

Yes.

So please go out and see a greener grass in theaters now and in New York and Los Angeles.

And then November 1st, it's going to come out to Lincoln, Nebraska, and others, presumably.

My mom's already bought all the tickets for the Lincoln.

Yeah, that is really is she going to have like a big get the whole neighbors and everything?

Everyone's coming over for jello salad and strawberry pretzel, whatever.

Yeah.

And is it just one screening or are there other like, is it going to be jam packed for one and then no one in the rest?

It's showing there for two weeks.

Don't ask me how I don't understand.

Look, if you live in Lincoln, Nebraska, you're an asshole if you don't go see this film.

Look, I have to say that we're on tour out there and we're coming to some cities this week, actually.

And we're always getting people saying, come to this, come to this.

I'm like, there's no way that in a place like Lincoln, Nebraska, probably has nothing.

There's nothing there.

It's probably got one diner, a post office, which people hate going to stamps.com.

But but this is a movie that is actually coming to Lincoln, Nebraska.

If you live in Lincoln, Nebraska, and you don't go see this film, you are a fucking asshole.

Is that right?

Yeah, absolutely right.

All right.

Very good.

Greener Grass.

It is out now.

I hope people go to see it.

We need to take a break.

When we come back, we're going to have someone I hyped it before I introduced you guys.

And this is and you guys are going to stick around.

Is that right?

Yeah, we weren't going to.

But then we heard about who's coming.

The mining is someone in the mining profession.

Yeah, that's incredible.

And then someone is also sort of tangentially involved in the entertainment business.

Well, this person we need to talk to.

Yeah, yeah, definitely.

OK, so we need to take a break.

We'll be right back with more comedy bang bang after this.

Comedy Bang Bang.

We're back here.

Jocelyn DeBoer and Don Luby from Greener Grass, which is in theaters now.

Yeah, I guess people could also see it other places, but we don't even want to talk about that.

We just want people to watch it in the theaters because going to see a movie in the theater is the theatrical experience.

Is that right?

We need to thank you.

Yes, that's right.

When you let me ask you a question.

When you hear someone say I sleep on a pillow, what does that mean to you?

They don't have a bed.

They just got a thank you.

Thank you.

All right.

Anyway, we have to get to our next guest.

He is a new tiny prospector.

This is the person who works in the aforementioned mining industry.

This is interesting.

A new tiny prospector.

Please welcome to the show Skince McGlinty.

Sorry, Skince McGlinty.

There we go.

Second time's the charm.

It certainly is.

How are you, Skince?

I'm doing all right.

Clinkety clank.

You've said clinkety clank a couple of times.

Well, I'm a new tiny prospector.

And as we know, those old timey prospectors used to carry around a bunch of pans and sorts.

Sure.

Well, that's bad for your core.

Right.

So you just replicate the sound?

Yeah.

Oh, someone's almost think that it's a little like a catchphrase.

Do you know what a catchphrase is?

It's not like a catchphrase.

You do know what a catchphrase is, though?

Of course I do.

You girls know what a catchphrase is, right?

I'm kind of skeptical about this new tiny prospector.

Like what catchphrases you know new tiny prospector.

Which do you know?

You probably know isn't that special.

Kiss my grits.

From Flobe, of course.

How old are you, new tiny prospector?

24.

Why do you know Flobe?

I just have to tell the viewers at home, this is a rough looking 24.

Yeah, this is...

I got some city miles on me, sure.

You look on the bad side of 60, I have to say.

I think it comes with the territory.

When you say city miles, I'm just trying to imagine you in a big city.

I'm here right now in Hollywood, aren't I?

Okay.

Came here for the California Gold Rush.

What do you mean, the California Gold Rush?

Well, I'm here obviously, as you said, I'm a new tiny prospector.

I'm trying to re-establish, I feel like they're negative connotations.

People have these stereotypes they hold on to of what a prospector is.

Well, prospecting, it seemed to me like it was big back in the 1800s or something.

Yes, of course, but there's a new boom going on right now.

What boom?

I'm mining Bitcoin, my friend.

I'm a crypto-prospector.

So you're involved in cryptocurrency?

Of course, come out here for that California crypto gold rush.

Is cryptocurrency exclusive to California or I thought it was more of the internet in general?

It's more of an international thing.

Well, my friend, clinkity-clank, that's a great question.

Wait, are you saying you have a friend called clinkity-clank or are you saying I'm your friend and you're just saying you're casual?

I have a friend named clinkity-clank.

You do?

That's the answer to one.

Two, I am not calling you clinkity-clank.

I'm saying clinkity-clank and then saying my friend.

And three, that's not my catchphrase.

It's just a thing I say to re-establish that I am in fact a prospector.

I want to pay respects to the tradition.

Well, that's I mean, that's akin to a catchphrase.

I don't think so.

I mean, what would you say a catchphrase's purpose would be?

Make him laugh.

Well, I do think that maybe it might not be a catchphrase.

It is not making me laugh.

I'm pretty discouraged by how hard Jocelyn and Dawn just laughed right now.

Fucked up my flow.

Well, so Skintz, you- Yes, please call me Toes.

Call you Toes?

My nickname's Toes.

Skintz McGlint is my Christian name.

So Skintz Toes McGlinty.

Sure.

Okay.

I'm glad you said something about your toes because I've been looking at them, Scott.

Yeah, I'm not on that side of the table.

What's going on down there?

They're really long.

I got long toes.

How long are these things?

Finger length?

Finger length.

Really?

Like normal human finger length?

Yeah, and it just it's got me thinking.

Do you need to use your fingers and your toes at the same time in this Bitcoin world?

Two keyboards.

Yeah.

Is this natural evolution?

Have you have your toes grown because you need to use them?

Oh, that is possible.

I'm trying to work a couple of pooters at the same time, you know, so it helps to have those long textures.

You say pooters.

When you say you're working pooters.

I'm working pooters.

That is a different connotation.

I don't think so.

What is that your catchphrase?

Working pooters?

Scott, I'm working pooters.

Aukerman.

Oh, no, I don't think that one's going to stick.

OK.

You mean computers?

Sure.

If you want to be all technical about it.

OK, right.

All right.

Look, the fact of the matter is we all know that Bitcoin mining now happens on an ASIC.

Right?

We all know this.

An ASIC.

Wait, I guess I don't.

I've got to spell it out for you.

Yes, please do.

An ASIC computer made specifically for hashing Bitcoin.

I don't. To tell you the truth, I don't know too much about Bitcoin or cryptocurrency other than the energy that it takes to keep them going far exceeds their value.

Oh, yeah, it's a fucking nightmare.

That's why I came out to beautiful sunny California.

We're trying to neutralize the carbon footprint.

So I got a couple of wind turbines hooked up to my ASIC and I got my toes tapping on my pooter.

You're painting an illuminating picture, but it's an exciting space.

Where do you live here in California?

Oh, underneath one of those highways.

Oh, really?

Under a bridge?

Under no under the highway.

Oh, OK.

Yeah, I sort of tunneled underneath Bugs Bunny style.

Just me, my ASIC.

Just you and your win turbines.

Really?

So you keep a pretty sparse household?

Well, you don't need much Bitcoin at all point.

Ain't no fiat currency.

Don't need no hard money.

OK.

Money's on the cloud.

How did you get involved in Bitcoin, if I may be so bold as to ask you that?

Sure thing.

Well, I went to Harvard Business School.

You did.

And was your personality the same?

I don't want to insult you.

That of an erudite businessman?

Sure.

An emerging new voice in the finance scene?

Yes, I've always started to conduct myself in such a manner.

Clinkity clink.

I don't know about that.

Jocelyn, you had something you were?

Yeah, I want to look into those toes.

I'm looking at those toes and I.

You're welcome.

I might charge you a nickel if you keep on peeping.

Put on a hard shoe or something so we don't have to look at those.

Well, I like to scoot around.

It's hard to get traction with a hard shoe.

What are you scooting on?

Like a lime scooter?

Yeah, of course.

Those are motorized.

Like all native Californians.

Those are motorized.

You can just turn.

I don't think so.

I'm pretty sure that's foot propelled.

It feels like one of those Fred Flintstone vehicles.

Toes, I'm so curious about your relationship to old timey, you know, clinkity clink.

Panning for gold.

It's hard currency.

Do you have it?

Does this run?

This runs in your family and is it you're related to these old timey?

Oh, absolutely not.

No, my father was the CEO of Bear Stearns.

Oh, my God.

My mother was a former Miss Delaware.

Miss Delaware.

I come from gross old money.

So you were born with a ground rule double, but you thought that.

What is that expression?

Does anyone know what it is?

I thought he hit a home run.

So you were born with a ground rule, but you thought you hit a home run.

But why are you born on third base?

They sent you back to second.

Right.

I'm a piece of shit is the pun.

So why do you talk like this?

I have to ask.

It seems like an affected voice to me.

Affected voice?

What are you talking?

You ever been to Disneyland?

Yes, of course.

Many times.

How many times?

An annual pass.

You have an annual pass?

The only hard possession I own.

Got that pass in my pocket.

So how many times have you been to Disneyland?

Once.

Why are you paying for this?

Just in case I ever get the itch.

Clink of the clank.

No itch yet?

I like that mind train.

Really?

Yeah.

So that's the one that I was going to bring up because there, uh, there, there is a person who welcomes you to the ride.

This is, we're talking about big Thunder Mountain.

I don't know, uh, Dawn, Jocelyn, have you ever been on that?

Yes.

You've been to Disneyland?

Oh yeah, I've been there.

Mickey Mouse, the rest.

I've been there once, don't have a pass.

Donald Duck.

Donald Duck, another great example of one of the many characters, the myriad of animated characters that have sprung to life.

Wilbur Robinson from Meet the Robinsons?

Sure.

I don't know that I've necessarily read.

The Big Three, Mickey, Donald and Wilbur.

It's a short.

So you, but, but when you get there to the, the, uh, big Thunder, uh, uh, mind train, which is a roller coaster, uh, a roller coaster.

Thrills and Spills, clink of the clank.

Well, they, you're talking about the spills and this is what I wanted to bring up.

Uh, the voice who comes, uh, uh, alive upon a speaker right there.

It's fucking offensive.

Okay.

This is when I say spills, there's a certain voice who comes on to warn you about holding on to certain items in your possession.

This absolutely ridiculous over the top cliched, hee-haw, prospector accent.

That sounds nothing like how we really speak.

I have to say it sounds almost exactly, I hear no similarity whatsoever.

I think, you know, the, it started sounding more like it as you were I disagree with that clink of the clank.

I think if you were to put the sound waves next to each other, like in the blurred lines trial, you know, I mean, I think they would almost be exactly identical.

No, I think it'd probably be more like that.

The, the one flaming lips album where it's like different tracks you have to play on boom boxes near each other and they synchronize, but they're not actually the same.

Right.

You know that reference.

Zairika.

Yeah.

But I mean, this is why, why do you talk?

Did your father talk like this?

Do an impression of your father, if you could.

And make it funny, make it really good.

Like how I'm saying something.

I'm sorry I did not make it to your recital today.

You understand the demands of the market are such that, uh, cannot put down the phone.

I mean, Hong Kong is waking up at the time that we should be going to sleep and for me to step out and watch you perform your, what is it recorder, uh, is, is not really a valuable in terms of the long-term viability of our family's finances.

Yep.

Oh, daddy, my Glinty.

Oh, that was funny.

What are you talking about?

That's old pop his old catchphrase made me laugh every time.

I haven't heard a sad story like that since Dawn told us about her adoption, her harrowing tale of three different names.

Yeah.

My gosh.

Now I have a question for you.

Toes.

Like you, you had an absentee father.

Did your friend say that?

Um, excuse me.

I just, I want to know more about your friend.

Clinkity Clank.

Um, might this be a new father figure in your life?

Uh, well, not so clinkity clank was a little bit of a father figure.

He was of course the head of the fraternity where at Harvard.

Oh.

Oh, clickety clank.

Yeah.

Was he sort of like, uh, who, who was the, uh, Cavanaugh's friends?

There was like, he's one of those types of, yeah, it was that kind of vibe.

He was the one who turned me on to Bitcoin mining in the first place.

That's the future.

Clickety Clank.

Clickety Clank did.

And, uh, yeah, he was, he was the brave leader of our friend house.

And he told me that the crypto is the future.

My friend.

Was it a mere coincidence that you like to say clickety clank, uh, to honor the pots and pans of the old prospecting people?

That's how we became friends.

One day I was walking around going clickety clank, clickety clank.

And he said, my ears are burning.

And I said, wait, you need some ice?

And he said, no, you can't holler out my name.

I don't know that we need to go through the entire conversation, but.

And then he said, so what are you up to?

What's your name?

And I said, skin's McGlinty, but my friends call me toes.

And he said, well, I hope to one day work up to the honor of calling you toes.

And I said, so what, what, what class of what's, what are you majoring in?

At any point did he say, come on in and, or, or was it this just two ships passing in the night and you sort of reignited your acquaintance later?

That was our one and only conversation.

What?

And it ended where I interrupted?

Well, no, you interrupted.

It went on for another 18 hours.

Eventually weaved me through the ins and outs of crypto currency.

You talked all night.

Wow.

All day.

And I never saw him again.

Why did you never see him again?

I don't know.

I couldn't find him.

Where do you think he is now?

Where, where, I don't know.

I guess to some degree, it might be why came out here to California where the winds run wild, hoping that he had the same idea to do some eco-friendly Bitcoin mining.

Okay.

But why didn't you just go back to his dorm?

Well, well now, I mean, you know, hindsight's 20, 20, I guess in that respect, that would have been a good place to find it.

Hey, hindsight, 20, 20, that's a good campaign slogan.

Good catchphrase too.

You know, no, but if, if president hindsight.

Yeah.

You know, if someone were to come out with the last name of hindsight, they're almost like guaranteed the presidency, right?

Hindsight 20, 20.

If someone legally changed their name, yeah.

Mayor Pete hindsight.

Mayor Pete get on this.

This is an incredible idea.

Hindsight is 20, 20.

Wow.

Hindsight will be 20, 20.

Okay.

Now I think you're building the lily at this point.

Well, I'm just, I'm throwing out bad, bad joke, bad draft.

So, uh, how much money do you make on, on cryptocurrency?

I mean, is it worth it?

Well, let me tell you, check the market cap quickly.

Okay.

Let me just turn it on his phone with his toes.

Do you mind using your fingers on that instead of taking out those gross?

Market cap right now, we're looking at about, uh, $8,205 and 48 cents per Bitcoin.

That's the current evaluation.

Okay.

And how many do you have?

I have yet to mine a Bitcoin.

Oh, it takes a lot of computing power and a lot of man hours.

And I'm working off a wind turbine underneath the highway.

So that thing's not spinning real fast.

Yeah.

How much, how much money have you put out in, in pursuit of these?

Well, the ASIC costs about $8,000.

So I thought, Oh, I'll recoup that on the first Bitcoin.

It's been about, uh, 48 months.

Well, you know, I was feeling bad for him, but then I remembered who his father is.

Yeah, that's right.

Well, I'm a self-made man.

Yeah.

Well, what's the question in here?

I feel like I earned my own, my own way in this world.

I, you were just born with so many advantages that the rest of us, quite honestly, uh, I'm talking about myself in particular.

Okay.

Haven't been blessed with.

And we know Don hasn't.

Yeah.

Wait a second.

So we're talking about privilege here.

Let me just check the table.

Directed a feature film, directed a feature film, directed a feature film, zero feature film credits.

And I'm the one with the Navratower.

Why are you a member of the DGA?

Well, you know, trainee.

Yeah.

Really?

You're in the program.

Yeah.

That's not an easy thing to be here.

Yeah.

Thank you.

I worked hard.

Oh, what happened?

Your father wrote a letter?

Yeah.

And then I shadowed on a couple episodes of Bosh.

There you go.

Yeah.

See, this is how people normally break into the business.

Meanwhile, the three of us, I'm talking about myself in particular, we had to work hard at it.

We had to, we had to, to come from nothing.

I mean, I'm from just poor country folk.

All those years of pounding the pavement, being friends with Zach Galifianakis.

How does one get to be friends without having some sort of mutual respect based upon work though?

I don't know.

I mean, I guess you're right.

That was the foundation of my deep friendship with clink of the clink.

Well, his work, big fan of his work, I hope is one of the reasons I came on this year podcast.

Really?

You want to get a message out to clickety clank?

I wanted people to see the face of, or at least hear the face of a modern new time of prospecting, but I was also, I, I I'd be lying if I, if I didn't say that clinkety clank listening is one of the things that drove me into this here studio.

Speaking of the face, since people can't see you, could you describe what's going on with this?

Because it's, uh, we, we mentioned your, uh, hard 24.

Sure.

I cannot tell when his hairline ends and when the facial hairline begins.

Yeah, well, it's tough.

I do have a bit of a, uh, an arc that goes straight from the tip of the eyebrows straight to the sideburns.

Yeah, that's right.

There's no differentiation between the eyebrows.

Right.

And then, then, then my long white beard is sort of, uh, intertwining with my chest hair.

Why do you have a long white beard?

I love how you've braided it to your chest hair.

Well, that way I don't lose it.

Yeah.

And the gin blossoms, normally people have those on the nose, but you have them like across your entire face and then kind of creeping down onto your body.

I know.

Yeah.

I mean, those gin blossoms, you know, often tend to be a, you know, side effect of, uh, pulling the cork too much.

Spend too much time with the bottle.

Alcoholism.

Right.

Well, that's not how we did it at our frat.

It was all butt chugging.

Oh, really?

So if I take off my shirt here, you'll see those real blossoms extend to every square inch of my pasty white flesh.

Put that, please, uh, back, put that back on if you don't mind.

It's bad enough the feet are exposed.

Clickety-clank.

Yeah.

Yes.

Clickety-clank if you're listening.

The amount of dust when his shirt opened was incredible.

Yeah.

And then, uh, I fear you let loose some moths as well.

Uh, because you, you know, you're, you're not a well-off prospector.

Well, uh, you know, it's a sweat equity at this point, I would say.

Sure.

Did you graduate with an MBA?

Of course.

Yeah.

Okay.

Top of my class.

Top of your class.

Yeah.

Seems like you would be better at this then.

Once again, I just gotta say it's all about those wind turbines.

I'm trying to mine Bitcoin ethically.

Okay.

I guess.

Do you understand the amount of electricity it takes to mine one Bitcoin?

I do, but maybe it's not possible then.

And maybe the whole business is built on some sort of fallacy that's going to come tumbling down.

Would you tell Picasso it's impossible to paint a nose where an eye is supposed to be?

Well, I mean, if he were alive, maybe.

And if he were to come into my office and want to develop it into a TV show or something.

Oh, then you're a man of stronger character than I presumed.

Really?

You'd just chicken out?

I would.

I'd go, whatever you say, sir.

Is he as famous as Picasso is now?

Absolutely.

Okay.

Cause Picasso wasn't like Picasso back then.

Well, yeah, but you know, modern era, I mean, you have to imagine that guy would have blown up on Instagram.

Yeah, that's true.

That's a good point.

Do you have an Instagram yourself?

Oh, of course I do.

It's all about engagement this day and age.

Oh, sure.

What is your Instagram handle?

Skince McGlinty.

You didn't go by toes.

Really?

Yeah, I guess that would be something.

Well, that's like sort of in my bio.

It says toes.

Call me toes.

But the username is Skince McGlinty for 20, six to nine.

Okay.

So you're really hitting all those classic numbers.

What do you mean?

How many followers do you have?

A what?

What's your technique?

Well, I ain't got an area one, but once again, this is sweat equity and I believe it will pay off someday.

All right.

I'm going to take a look at your profile.

Posting content day and night on the hour, every hour.

Yeah, you have no followers and you have posted so many times.

As I said, every hour on the hour, 48 months low in these 48 months, 24 times a day.

Yep, sir.

Clippity clank.

That is my catchphrase, by the way.

Yep, sir.

I'm a little offended that you didn't laugh.

All right.

There you go.

I'll give it up for yep, sir.

It was a grower, I guess.

Yeah.

So four years, we're talking somewhere in the realm of 1400 days, 24 times per 1400 days.

I mean, roughly, I think about 15 years after 9-11, something like that.

Yeah, somewhere around there.

Yeah.

Look, I haven't done all the math, but this is an incredible amount of posting.

And to no avail.

No one seems to like what you do.

Yet.

What did you say?

Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.

Yet?

I said, yeah, yeah.

Are you stuttering comically?

I can't speak even more clearly than I am right now.

Do I have to spell it out for you?

Yeah, please.

Is it G-Y-Y-E-E-Y-Y-T?

I'll spell it as cleanly as I can.

Clean as the nose on my face.

Ready?

It's not clean.

And I'll be just as clean as the nose.

Here we go.

You said you were going to spell it.

I'm doing it.

I said three letters.

All right.

Look, skins or toes if I may.

Please.

I think we're friends now.

Best friend I've had since clinker clay.

Yeah, I bet.

Last time I've talked to someone that long was about.

Well, I'm not going to talk to you for 18 hours, unfortunately.

Yet.

We're.

Yet.

That's your catchphrase.

I told you.

Yeah, we need to.

Well, no, the other one was.

Oh, yeah.

Yep.

What was it?

Yep, sir?

Yeah.

All right.

Look, a man of at least three different catchphrases.

Normally, I mean, not since big dog is someone coming with so many catchphrases.

Trying to find a hook.

I get it.

Anything to power my a-set.

Yeah, I understand.

Look, we have to take a break when we come back.

We'll have someone in the entertainment business or at least adjacent to it.

So that's exciting.

I mean, you're talking with three DGA directors and you also have someone in the DGA training department, so that'll be great for.

We'll talk shop.

Yeah, we'll talk a little bit of shop when we come back.

We'll have more from Jocelyn DeBoer, more from Don Luby, more from Skint's quote toes, unquote McLinty.

We'll be right back with more comedy bang bang after this.

Clink clink clink.

Yeah, comedy bang bang.

We're back here.

Greener Grass, the stars, directors, writers, producers.

Yeah.

Really?

Oh, yeah.

You getting the PGA with that?

Anyone can get a PGA.

The PGA is a big scam as far as I'm concerned.

Greener Grass, Jocelyn DeBoer, Don Luby, two talents that are on the rise.

I got to say, what's next for you?

I know you just came out.

You want to do good, but you got to have that eye on your next project.

That's right.

We're writing another feature.

Whoa.

That's right.

Is it set in the Grassiverse or is it set in some other universe like the Marvel Extended Universe?

It's just a Marvel movie.

It's more like a Marvel movie.

Yeah.

Whoa.

Incredible.

Yeah.

OK.

Can I ask the million dollar question?

This is Skins Toes McGlinty.

What is the million dollar question as far as you're concerned?

Have you pitched a Quibi original yet?

Oh, boy.

We can't get it in the door.

You gotta pitch a Quibi.

How even I've pitched a couple of Quibis at this point.

Skins, have you pitched a Quibi before?

Several.

Sounds like you have.

Yeah.

And so you knew what, David Katzenberg?

Like you...

Of course, I went to college with a son.

No, Jeffrey is the dad.

Yeah.

All right, David.

I'm friends with all David's son.

You know all the cast?

I don't know.

Yeah.

I pitched an original.

It's a really bold idea I'm proud of.

It's a sitcom about a weed dispensary.

Oh, no.

OK, I got to keep an eye on this, but we do need to get to our next guest.

She is...

This is interesting.

I mentioned she is adjacent to show business, but maybe she'll take umbrage with that because you're sort of...

You are part of show business in a way.

She is the former assistant to Jennifer Lopez.

Please welcome Taylee Lopez.

Hello.

Hi.

What's up, y'all?

How y'all doing out here today on this evening afternoon?

It's good.

Peachy fine.

Why didn't you say what are your catchphrases?

Yep, sir.

Or what's the other one?

She asked me a question.

I'm trying to respond like an honest human being in the moment.

You said, Peachy fine, like it was going to gain traction.

I don't think it's got you anywhere.

Not everything's a place, God.

I was trying to describe my mood and I went, Hmm, I think about as fine as a peach I feel right now.

All right.

This is Toze and we have Jocelyn and Dawn.

Very nice to meet you.

Hey Toze.

What's up, Toze?

Not much.

Looking good.

Oh my God.

Who?

You or her?

Me.

She asked me how I was doing.

What's up?

I said, looking good.

I don't know that you can say you're looking good.

So not accurate.

First of all, it's rude.

And secondly, not accurate in the least.

Taylee, so nice to meet you.

It's Tay-lay.

Tay-lay.

I'm so sorry.

Tay-lay, like T-A-Y and then L-E-I-G-H.

The lay rhymes with the previous syllable.

Yeah.

Tay-lay.

But just L-E-I-G-H on its own, that's the name Lee.

It's not lay.

Yeah.

That was in years previous, but now that in the suburbs, they're what we call ghetto suburban names.

And now the lay is lay.

Now it's lay.

It's switched over.

Like sleigh.

Like sleigh, yeah.

Like sleigh queen.

Adjacent.

Adjacent to sleigh.

Like you said, I work adjacent in the entertainment industry.

I like to say I work like in a cul-de-sac of entertainment with no outlet.

Okay.

So it's like one of those streets that as you approach it, it says no outlet.

You're like, oh, maybe I need to turn around.

Tough to plug in an ASIC with no outlet.

Okay.

Not everything relates back to your Bitcoin.

Check in again with me in 20 years.

I think it will.

All right.

Yeah, probably.

So Tay-lay, you were the former assistant to Jennifer Lopez who recently we saw in theaters in Hustlers and also in World of Dance on your television screens.

Also as well in addition to.

Yeah, exactly.

Yeah.

That's what the word and means.

Yeah.

Ampersand.

Yeah, exactly.

I mean, although in that case, I don't believe in ampersand is technically accurate because.

When you work for J-Lo it is.

Oh, okay.

Yes.

I was her 18th assistant.

18th?

Yes.

In her whole entire life?

Or?

No, like I was one of 18.

Oh, okay.

So she had 18 assists.

Oh boy.

No, she had 42 assistants.

I was number 18.

I worked my way up from the bottom.

Amazing.

That's what I'm talking about.

I relate to her and her bootstrap story.

No, you don't.

No.

So she had 42 assistants.

Yes.

Incredible.

And you, you started at 42.

Yes.

Started at the bottom and now you're here, which is 18.

Do you currently work for her?

No, I no longer am employed by Ms. Lopez and I am not privy to say anything else about that.

You're not privy to the fact of whether you're employed or not?

Yes.

Okay, great.

So now how long, how long were you her assistant or one of her assistants?

How long were you on her team?

So, um, we like to do everything in J-Lo days.

So like, you know, there's God's time, there's earth's time, and then there's J-Lo's time.

So I was employed with J-Lo for 972 J-Lo days.

972 J-Lo days.

Now, if this were a normal days, that would be approximately three years.

Three weeks.

J-Lo has more days a day than you.

I see.

J-Lo lives many a life.

Do you know what I mean?

Yeah.

I used to think, I used to think that Reggie Watts, when I worked with him, like he had six extra hours when we would all go to sleep, that he would like do stuff.

Yeah.

No, they actually are giving J-Lo more time than the rest of us.

Really?

They, they.

Yeah, I'm not privy to talk about day as well, in addition to ampersands.

Okay.

So, so how many hours a day does she get?

She, it seems to me like if it's that many, uh, if a day is that many, if a J-Lo day is that, uh, what am I trying to say?

Toes help me out.

I don't know.

Say one of your catch phrases.

I can't make heads or tails with what this guy says.

Toes say yep sir or something.

Yep sir.

Clink clink clink.

Thank God.

Apparently I'm a centering force in your life now.

She definitely gets more time.

I mean, we could talk about J-Lo all day.

That was obviously my job, but I was here more to promote my new jewelry line.

Oh, okay.

You have a jewelry line.

I didn't know that.

I guess I thought that my booker booked you to sort of dish and tell all about J-Lo, but uh, you're here to- Yeah, no, and I will do that.

I will talk all about J-Lo, but I will also talk about my knee jewelry line.

I have an ornamental knee jewelry line.

Knee jewelry?

Yes.

Knee is the new territory.

Like you are a guy who goes after new territory.

You're talking to toes, by the way.

To toes.

Toes is the guy who goes after new territory.

I go after new territory as well in the form of the human body and how I can't ornamentally decorate it as so and such in addition to- Okay.

I guess I haven't seen a lot of knee jewelry, so this is a new feel.

Oh, y'all got naked knees in here.

Jocelyn, Dawn, have you ever used knee jewelry?

I haven't.

And I'm just so interested in the fact- because you know, we made a movie about the suburbs.

Yes.

You're referencing the suburbs, teaching us things we don't know about the suburbs, and now selling jewelry.

This is huge.

I guess I don't quite- I'm not connecting those dots the way you are.

No, it makes sense.

You made a movie, she mentioned the suburbs, and then- It's so perfect.

You brought us all together.

Thank you.

Thank you, Scott.

In the suburbs, you know Mary Kay.

You know- Who's that?

Mary Kay makeup lines.

You know, the pyramid scheme.

Get with it, Scott!

I usually just put on a little powder.

Yeah, bae.

Your mom sold Tupperware.

Don't you dare talk about my mother like that.

Jewelry is the new thing.

Yeah, no, so y'all's knees I saw when I came in are all raw.

All y'all got raw knees.

Mine are covered by a jean currently.

How could you ascertain what's wrong with my knees?

Well, they're not- you have no jewelry, you know what I mean?

Like, how long are you gonna walk around like a basic need bitch?

You know what I mean?

I guess you're right.

I'm trying to envision how jewelry stays on your knees.

Is it wrapped around with some sort of a- I guess an anklet would be on your ankle.

Is it like a kneelet?

Yeah, it's something like a kneelet.

We do do permanent fixtures as well in addition to- It's like an implantation?

Sometimes, yes.

That's more expensive.

It requires me to come to your house and have certifications that I don't have yet, but- So you haven't sold any of these?

Oh no, I have!

Taylay, I am looking at your- Taylay, Taylay.

Thank you so much.

So sorry. Taylay, I'm looking at your knees and the jewelry on them and I'm really struck by how interesting it is.

Perhaps you could explain some of these pieces that you're wearing.

Oh, absolutely.

I mean, I really stand by my knee jewelry.

I've gotten in several fist fights with TSA over it.

So it's something that I really stand behind.

Yeah, can you go through metal detectors with those things?

Not very well, which is why I get into fights with TSA.

Okay, yeah, because they set off the metal detectors or they're just too wide?

Well, they're like both actually.

Yeah, because that's a giant one.

Which that's discrimination that they don't make them wider for you to go through first and foremost and also second most.

That one down on your knee, it looks like a knee pad almost.

That's just a giant rock.

It's a solid gold rock knee pad.

It says I have money and also my knees don't touch the ground.

Yeah, I guess a lot.

I mean, my knees aren't really ever touching the ground all that much.

For yourself, I'm on my hands and knees every day mining.

For Bitcoin.

Yeah, checking out on the ASEC.

Of course, most decentralized, but sure.

Taylor, I got a question if you don't pardon my intrusion here.

I've been keeping my eyes on this space for a long time.

I think it's an emerging market with huge growth potential.

The knee jewelry line, I think anyone who's keeping their tab sees that it's really an emerging market.

Now, that's your fucking question.

Key ethical question here in the world of knee jewelry is if you're going to derail everything and ask your own questions, get to them.

That's all I'm asking.

Hey, clinkity clank, motherfucker.

Let me I'm getting there.

Okay, all I'm asking is just say it as rapidly as you can.

I don't want to be seen as insensitive.

This is a difficult subject.

I'm about to stop dancing around and just blurted out like a suburban shootout.

Yeah.

Taylor, where do you stand on the ethics of knee piercing?

All of that for that?

Yes.

All right.

Where do you stand on this?

Get ready to get dragged on Reddit.

I'll tell you that much.

All right.

I mean, I stand with knees.

Oh, great answer.

And that's the double.

That's what I did there.

I stand with knees that I have, but I also stand adjacent to knees.

Yeah.

I mean, there could be some sort of not a catchphrase, but sort of a what do you call a business motto?

Mantra.

Mantras or at least an advertising slogan.

Do you stand with knees?

I stand with knees.

Yeah.

I would rather die on my feet than not have jewelry on my knees.

What about that?

That's cute.

That's pretty good, right?

Very cute because I'm trying to get into the baby market.

Oh, you are?

Yeah.

I used to work with babies for J-Lo.

So I was her 18th assistant.

Like I said, the 18th assistant's responsibility is really youth and keeping J-Lo youthful.

So I was doing everything to keep like HD.

What's it called?

Human growth home world.

HGH?

HGH.

I would procure that on the daily basis.

Procure that.

What do you when you say procure, what do you mean?

Because that's a fancy word that it seemed you're like going out and scoring drugs.

See, I said procure.

You said score drugs.

Well, yeah, that's what I'm saying.

Okay.

Sometimes you can't fancify it.

Sometimes you procure HGH.

Sometimes you procure cocaine, but it's not scoring drugs.

That's I would never J-Lo would never.

Right.

Chose her words carefully, Scott.

Okay.

Well, you say something fancy enough, I guess it's not a crime.

Exactly.

We're on the same page.

That's why I'm trying to get into the baby industry with my knee jewelry.

But there's so many regulations.

You never mentioned a baby, by the way.

You just mentioned J-Lo likes to be babied a little bit.

No, so it's not that J-Lo likes to be babies.

I don't know if you guys know this.

I went to a lot of brists for J-Lo.

Why would I know that?

No, I knew that I read about that.

It was all just Jared.

I will make this all make sense.

I went to a lot of brists for J-Lo.

What do you mean?

You went to bris.

This is the ceremony where they take the little baby penis.

Right.

Well, they don't take it away.

They cut off a part of it.

No, no, they take it away.

No, no, no, no.

I have been to 75 bris.

Okay.

I've been hanging out around the synagogue.

And you think in every single one, the the moil is basically cutting off the entire penis and taking it away.

Well, I don't know what they were having chopping and distributing it.

I don't know that it's a fraction, but I do know that like, like stem cells are the best in the moil.

So I go there, I go around back.

I procured the moils.

Okay.

The moil is the person cutting it off.

I think what you're talking about is the okay.

Well, you know what I'm talking about.

I want to clarify.

Are you pulling the stem cells from the rabbi who is cutting the penis or from the penis extract itself?

No.

So the rabbi does the job.

And then he just throw these things away.

Really?

In the dumpster?

This is like when I worked at a Baker's square.

We would just throw pies in the dumpster.

Yeah.

And I really shouldn't tell y'all this because now there's going to be other people trying to fight at those same dumpsters to get all the free, you know, skins.

I find it so despicable.

They lock that dumpster so the homeless people can't even use those leftover penises.

They just go to waste.

Anyway, it's really like a lot of stem cells and it helps with you.

So I would procure that as well for her.

Okay.

So you worked in the baby industry and in a certain way, if you used to rip off these moils, the penis flesh, and now or you would procure it.

I'm sorry.

Thank you.

And so now you want to get into adorning baby's knees with jewelry.

Okay.

And what would that be like?

How young is too young?

No such thing.

You know what I mean?

As soon as they hose them off, we can get those knees popping.

Right there in the OR.

Absolutely.

That's actually the best time.

Like, you know, you pierce baby's ears when they're young so they don't remember it.

You pierce their knees when they're young so they don't remember it as well.

Is that true?

Yes.

Yes, that's true.

I guess so you could do anything to a baby and it won't remember it?

Yeah.

We're talking about how we cut off their penises clearly.

Yeah.

They don't remember that.

The earrings is really what shocked you, but not the fact that all the babies are losing their penises.

Cut them clean off.

Has a mohel ever taken too much off?

Like too much off the top?

Oh yes, definitely.

Definitely.

I've gotten somewhere.

I was like, you did a lot here.

A little generous on the cut.

I don't know what any of your sexual proclivities are, but if any of you were ever with a gentleman who had a short penis, would it be a legitimate excuse to say, yeah, the mohel chopped too much off?

Yeah.

That's kind of sweet.

I don't think you're ever really asking for an explanation.

No, I am.

If I see a small penis, I'm like, why?

Tell me why.

Where is the rest of it?

You are immediately on trial because maybe there is some more.

Maybe if I say, where's the rest of it?

You like, Oh my God, I left it in the car.

I got a little in reserve.

Yeah.

And then you go get it and everybody's happy.

Yeah.

Could be.

Win win.

You're nodding a lot over their toes.

No, I agree.

I mean, you're almost creating a wind turbine with your chin.

You're nodding so much.

I'm getting excited this line.

Look, I relate to Taylay.

You know, we're both moguls.

We're both rising grinders.

Yeah.

Build herself out of dirt.

Taylay though.

I mean, our friend toes over here had a rich father.

Please call me squint.

Oh, okay.

Am I'm not your friend anymore?

We're in business talk now.

Okay.

So skint.

He had a rich father, has a rich father still, uh, who withholded love from him.

Conjecture.

All right.

Sustained.

But, uh, you overruled?

You're the one who objected.

Um, what was your background like?

So my, obviously my last name is Lopez.

Um, that's no relation to Jennifer.

Did that get you the job?

Was, was that, uh, of interest to her when she saw your last name?

It was something I did after I was employed with her.

I changed my last name to Lopez.

Okay.

Does she require that of her assistance?

She does not.

And she also is not aware that I did so.

Oh, okay.

You weren't flashing your, uh, driver's license to her at every opportunity.

Honestly, it was just baby Moibles and, um, HGH.

What'd you say now?

Baby Moibles?

Yeah.

I'm wondering if you ever even met J-Lo being number 18.

Um, there were times where there was like a breeze, like a scented breeze that I knew was J-Lo's.

Like maybe she had just left the hallway.

I mean, J-Lo's butt smells delicious.

So it could have been her butt.

When you say a scented breeze, I'm not saying it smells like a fart.

No, no.

Yeah.

It would be like, Oh, J-Lo was just in this hallway.

But like, I, as far as talking to her or seeing her or receiving payment for my services, none of those things.

You were never paid?

Oh, you didn't get paid?

No.

What?

And you worked there for three weeks.

Yeah.

Were you officially hired?

But it was a long time in J-Lo time.

No, I absolutely was.

Okay.

I knew where she was.

I knew all the locations she was at.

I knew what time she would be there for.

How long?

You're not describing things that an employee normally does.

No, that's employment.

That's employment.

When you show up to a job, do you know where your job is, Scott?

I don't.

Scott, where is your job?

This doesn't seem like it could be it, but I think it might be.

When we came in here, you, these people seem to know you, right?

They knew that you were coming.

You have a schedule.

Toes I kind of avoided when he walked in because I thought he was.

There is a smell.

Like any good interviewer, you want to go in cold.

No, I wanted to keep our relationship as cold as it could be.

I didn't quite want to interact with you, but I get it.

But I told us I'm with you though.

It seems to me like you're describing more of a stalking relationship.

No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.

That's not the case.

See, that's how like you like to phrase things.

Like when I say procure, you say score.

When I say employment, you say stalk.

You see how like those are synonyms, but one has a negative connotation.

Oh, I'm sorry.

I thought I was in the middle of a concert there.

When I say procure, you say score.

Say it.

Procure.

Score.

When I say employment, you say stock.

Employment.

Stop.

Employment.

Stop.

OK, good.

It's a synonym.

I was going to rattle around in my head until someone said it.

I love it.

OK.

Yeah.

So, but, but you were never paid.

Did J-Lo and you never met J-Lo.

It seems to me like.

No, I've met J-Lo.

We've I mean, just in the way that we've all met people, you know, in life.

I watched your movies.

Is that what you're talking about?

That's a way of meeting someone for sure.

No, I don't think when you just watch them on TV.

I'm sorry, Taylor.

I also watched them in a movie theater.

Well, you know, I got to say, I watched your movie Greener Grass last night and I felt like I had met Don, mainly because I walked up to the screen and I sort of touched it.

And in the middle of the movie, I hope that wasn't distracting.

We heard about that.

Aren't you in a room together right now?

We're in a room together right now.

And you watched her.

You watched the Greener Grass.

Then we met each other.

No, you met Greener Grass.

And this is just another time that y'all are hanging out.

This is a perfect point to what I'm saying.

Please don't raise your voice.

Oh, I'm so sorry.

This is a perfect point to what I'm saying.

Y'all, you watched the movie last night.

Okay, raise it a little bit because now I can't hear you.

Okay.

Like, like.

This is a perfect point.

No, you just, you just lowered it even more.

It's that y'all were hanging out last night at the movie and now you're hanging out again because you are friends.

Okay.

And I worked for JLo.

And Tay-Lay and I have met many times before.

Oh, no.

What do you mean you've met before?

We've never met before, but we've met before as people on this earth, as people in the same field, entrepreneurs, we know each other, even though we've never actually met.

This feels like a ridiculous conversation and we've really moved so far away from my knee jewelry.

These people don't get it.

Wait, are you including Jocelyn and Dawn as well?

These Hollyweird elites, they don't understand the hustle.

I don't know that you can qualify us as Hollyweird elites.

I mean, yes, we live in Hollyweird and yeah, sure.

And certainly we, each of us is directed a film, but elites is, I mean, maybe the C-list, you know, at best, you know, quite possibly on the Es, the Fs, you know, but to call us a Leah, I mean, I appreciate it.

If you're on a list, what list are you talking about?

You just said five lists that you were on.

You mentioned a bunch of letters.

Oh, right.

Yeah.

I did mention a bunch of letters.

You did?

I did.

I got you there.

That's all right.

More than you spelling your, your gap.

Yeah.

Well, look, I, I, can you describe the process of how you first found yourself on J-Lo's compound?

Absolutely.

So I first found myself on J-Lo's compound when I ran into her at one of her favorite vegan restaurants.

And do you want to say the name of this restaurant?

It's called Gracias Madre.

Okay.

I think I've heard of it.

Yeah.

So we, we were both enjoying a cocktail and having a meal and she was like, you know, you should really consider like working for me.

And I was like, absolutely, sis.

So then she was like, drive home behind me 10 feet away.

That's not a safe distance when you're driving.

How was this on the freeway?

Yeah.

10 feet.

No, you want to be much further than 10 feet.

That is a, you're like tailgating her tailgating.

And is that what I'm trying to say?

What's to, yeah.

Well, it was really dark out and I had my lights off.

Okay.

That's not good.

No, you don't want to do that.

She told you that she instructed you to do this.

Yeah.

She like, she opened her mouth and was talking to you looking in your eyes.

I don't know, Don.

Okay.

This sounds like an imagined conversation.

It sounds like stock.

Especially when you just explained before you had it meant J lo and only smelled her essence.

I would never, I would never make up a lie.

Like, you know what I mean?

Like I'm telling you the truth.

I'm just giving you a thumbs up.

Good interjection.

Oh, I missed that.

That is good.

That's funny.

We're all laughing.

I was going to say middle toe is so long.

That's the money maker.

You haven't made any money.

Yes.

I, every morning that toe turns on my ASIC.

Okay.

One of these days it's going to give me that sweet big corn gold.

All right.

Look, I, I, uh, Taylor, I, uh, I don't mean to be disagreeable with you.

I mean, maybe you truly did work for J lo and she owes you some sort of monetary compensation for it.

I mean, I was getting upset earlier a little bit.

You see, I yelled and then I whispered.

So we've, we've struck a nice, uh, equidistance relationship between those two extremes.

But, uh, I, I do, uh, I have my suspicions about the veracity of your claims, but, uh, no need to air those out right now.

Yeah.

That, that gives me comfort.

I feel like you believe me now.

That's what I just, I actually, uh, I'm, I'm sort of on the opposite end of the spectrum there, but what I wanted to say is, is Taylor, you have a free reign right now to talk, uh, about whatever new product you have.

Anything you want to talk about, I'll give you a good 60 seconds to get, just give it, uh, give us your best pitch of, of your knee jewelry.

Okay.

Guys, everybody has, um, everybody has, um, knees, knees.

Oh, so you hooked us with that.

Everybody has.

And I'm like, STDs.

What are we talking about?

Does everybody have STDs eyes?

I don't know.

Put those toes back.

Wiggle, wiggle, wiggle.

You can't just keep inventing catchphrases.

Oh God.

Made you laugh though.

It did.

Everybody has knees and honestly, knees are being neglected.

You know what I mean?

There's no walk for knees.

There's no race for knees.

We're not, there's no TV shows about knees.

Mainly because people can't race or walk with bad knees.

Nobody's singing about knees.

Like when the last love song you heard that was just like, Ooh girl, I want to caress your knees.

Or any song about knees.

I'm going to look up iTunes to see if there's any song about knees.

You continue.

It's like every, there's so many people have beautiful knees and, and, and that's something that like, if you didn't have any other good body parts or features or assets, you at least probably got some good, cute knees.

So you should try this out.

Bebe Rexha has a song called Knees.

Wow.

That's actually very current.

Yeah.

Let's hear a little bit of it here.

She's down on her knees.

She's I know what she's talking about.

She can't be wearing knee jewelry.

If she's down on her knees.

She's talking about Bitcoin mining there.

I don't know about that.

Look, my knee is very comfortable.

If you want to get on your knees for sexual activities, you can.

And it's workable with that.

Absolutely.

Cause think about it.

You have bones in your knees, right?

And those aren't bones everywhere.

Yeah.

But my jury's getting sewn into your knee.

Like your bone.

It getting sewn into the bone.

This is a commitment.

Yeah.

This is sewn.

Of course.

This is like a permanent fixture.

Yes.

This is like, I mean, you know, you see the people with their, uh, you know, uh, body modification.

Yeah.

It's a body modification.

It's just like a haircut.

It's permanent.

No body modification.

The haircuts are just not permanent at all.

Yeah.

Although sometimes they feel like it.

Am I right?

Ladies.

Jocelyn gave me a finger point.

Now she is really mastering these, uh, the art of nonverbal communication with me.

I really enjoy that.

Well, look, uh, uh, Taylor, good luck with your business.

Thank you so much.

We are running out of time here.

We just have time for one final feature on the show and that's a little something called plugs.

Oh, I like that.

That was plug boy by egg dog.

God, the things I have to say on this show knees.

What are you plugging?

No, sorry.

I'm brainwashed by, by Taylor.

Although maybe this is a brand and opportunity.

Are you looking for a spokesperson?

Because I'm very active on social media and what about a brand ambassador?

What about switching over to toe jewelry?

Because you, I mean, you have the saturated market.

Yeah.

What are you talking about?

You fucking hold on.

I beg your fucking pardon.

All right.

Tell us what are we plugging?

Uh, well, you know, I'm just a simple man.

I now under the highway, but, uh, I've been watching a certain canceled TV show a lot.

Oh yeah.

Would that do any good to watch a canceled TV show?

Would it make people reconsider canceling?

Well, I would say no, the door seems pretty firmly closed, but in my mind, I like to imagine that it would maybe be of some moral worth to the people who work so hard on the show.

Well, you never know.

I feel like it was came back years and years down the line.

Anyway, two full seasons of the tech available on Amazon.

Very canceled.

I hear it's great.

I hear a season two in particular is wonderful.

Of course.

I haven't watched it.

I did not watch it.

I, uh, I get sent stuff all the time.

Sure.

Of course.

You know, I had a friend send me a full movie the other day.

That person sounds like a lunatic.

He might be, but I did not have time to watch it.

Yeah.

Uh, I love that canceled TV show.

The tick on Amazon.

The tick on Amazon prom.

Residual structure is not very generous.

I don't think there's any financial upside.

Any part of the backend that, uh, no, of course not.

Yeah.

Even if you do have part of the backend, you'll never see it in my experience.

And then, uh, one of the people on that show has a podcast.

I've been listening to a lot called blank check Griffin and David.

I've heard about this about filmography is in there covering the films of Jonathan Demi, which I'm sure is going to be a rating spoon.

I tell you, I would love to be on that show in the, uh, the something wilder there or the married with to the mob.

I'm sure you would have an open invitation.

Hypothetically speaking, hypothetically speaking, something wild.

One of my favorite films of all time.

A masterpiece.

I love me some Demi.

Yeah.

And this is a podcast where, uh, you talk about the Imperial phases of filmmakers.

When I say you, I mean these, these people, these two buffoons.

Yes.

All right.

Wonderful.

Uh, and, uh, Jocelyn and, and Dawn, of course, greener grass in theaters now, uh, and Lincoln, Nebraska coming up just, uh, in mere weeks.

Yeah.

If you can, all of you that don't live in Lincoln, if you can travel to Lincoln to see the movie, I think it would be so cool if, if that one theater in Lincoln, Nebraska was just sold out, packed every single showing.

And I don't mean that your, your mom or whatever relationship you have to her, uh, I don't mean that she would, she would, she would sell it out.

You know, herself, I just mean like if fans, especially of this show or fans of the movie were to drive to Lincoln, it would be so incredible.

That would be so.

Lines around the block, like Star Wars lines.

Ever seen that movie Star Wars?

Never heard of it.

Yeah.

Sorry.

A new hope.

Oh, yes, yes, yes.

A new hope.

Oh, okay.

Great, great.

Okay.

Great, great.

Taylay, what do you want to plug here?

Oh, Taylay would love to play.

Well, first of all, if you love me.

You're talking about yourself as the third person.

That's a new wrinkle.

If you love me, Jerry and J-Lo, two things that I know a lot about.

Check in, check.

You can follow me at D-I-V-A-L-A-C-I on Instagram.

Also, what is it?

It's it's at what?

D-I-V-A-L-A-C-I.

Yes.

Okay, great.

Pronounce Taylay.

And also guys, if you like scams, which I've never been a part of or lies or robbery or kind, which I don't do myself personally because I'm only involved in legitimate businesses.

You can listen to Scam Goddess podcast.

That's a new podcast I've heard about it.

That's it just started coming out.

I think it's in its third episode right now.

Yes, it is.

And that's an Earwolf podcast.

And I think our friend Lauren Lapkus is on this week's episode.

Is that right?

And I have seen Lauren in a movie and then I've also seen her in person the same way that I saw J-Lo.

I saw her in Between Two Ferns.

Well, I'll tell you what, people can see her in person coming up this week because we're going out with the Comedy Bang Bang Tour.

We are going out on another leg of the West Coast leg this week.

We are in Portland, Oregon for two shows on Wednesday, the 23rd, and then Seattle on the 24th and Vancouver on the 25th.

All of those shows are with Lauren and Paul F. Tompkins, myself and Andy Daley is going on all of those shows with us as well as a few special guests along the way.

Also, we're doing a few shows November 8th in New York at the New York Comedy Festival and November 11th in Philly, November 12th in Washington, D.C.

All of the ticket links are on my Twitter.

Did you have anything else that you want to plug, Kalei?

I feel like I cut you off with that perfect segue about seeing Lauren in person.

No, that was a perfect segue.

It really was.

Yeah, I got greedy.

But then I thought, oh, no, I hope Kalei doesn't have anything else she wants to say.

No, I mean, Scott, I work for you, so...

I don't know that you work for me.

I mean, we never had a conversation about this.

Yes, we did.

Please don't follow me home 10 feet away from my car.

All right, let's close up the old plug bag.

♪ Close your eyes and open up that bag ♪ ♪ Close your eyes and open up that bag ♪ ♪ You gotta get those eyes closed ♪ ♪ Get up, get up, open up that bag ♪ ♪ Get up, get up, get up, get up ♪ ♪ Don't be closing, don't be closing ♪ ♪ Open up and let's get loaded ♪ ♪ Let's get loaded, open up that bag ♪ ♪ Open up that bag ♪ ♪ Open up that bag ♪ ♪ Open up that motherfucking bag ♪ ♪ Open up that bag ♪ ♪ Open up that bag ♪ ♪ Open up that bag ♪ ♪ Open up that bag ♪ That was a great song.

Yeah!

That is pretty good.

That's a really good song.

I did not like that.

I don't know about that song.

Okay, boy, I'm going to miss that one when it's gone.

Guys, I want to thank you so much.

What a wonderful show.

Jocelyn and Dawn, so great to have you on.

And I really do hope that people go out and see the film.

And Greener Grass, wonderful achievement.

Please come back.

Oh, thank you, Scott.

We're so honored to be here.

Not until you have like another thing to come.

Oh no, we'll be back next week.

Oh gosh.

And Toes, what can one say?

Nothing much other than clickin' a clamp, yep, sir.

And...

Peachy Fives.

Peachy Fives!

It seemed like you had at least three others.

Yep, one friend member of the other one.

All right, well, go back and listen to it and come back with them.

Sure thing.

I'm sure there'll be a Wiki entry.

Of course.

Sele, great to meet you.

Good luck.

Please don't follow me.

I would never do that, but I do.

I'm excited to work with you in the future.

I don't know.

We're not working.

I don't know what you're looking for me.

You know, do you want money?

Do you want to just be around my aura?

I'm not sure exactly what's enticing.

You have another appointment coming up soon.

I do.

I have your calendar.

Oh, you have a general with me.

Oh, shit.

All right.

We'll see you next time.

Thanks.

Bye.

Clickety clang.

Oh.
