---
layout: page
title: 625. Jon Gabrus, Claudia O'Doherty, Will Hines, Ben Rodgers [https：⧸⧸cloudfront.wolfpub.io⧸CBB-625-20191022-Gabrus-RCv01-PW.mp3].mp3.wav
category: cbb 
---

♪ Comedy Bang Bang ♪ You ain't nobody till somebody embodies your body buddy.

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

Ah, yes. Thank you to Kale underscore lie, underscore capital D underscore scope for that catchphrase submission.

Nice to hear from Kale underscore lie, underscore capital D underscore scope.

Thank you so much to them for that catchphrase submission.

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang for another week in the middle of Octi-Doggy and gonna be closing it up with a bang with these next two episodes.

And what a wonderful show I have for you.

Coming up a little later, we have a physical therapist.

I'm fascinated with the medical profession at large and it'll be great to talk to them.

And we also have a shaman coming up a little later.

That's incredible as well as- This all sounds great.

This all sounds great.

Let's just run it from the top with record this time.

The levels are primo, let's just do it.

What does that mean?

When you say primo- I set them to primo.

Spanish for cousin.

I don't know about that.

I do.

It is, okay pal?

I don't know that that's a setting on the actual board.

I typed the word primo into the keyboard and now it sounds primo.

Okay, you can't just type things on a keyboard.

Well, what do you do with a keyboard then, Scott?

I saw you.

Okay, you're right.

Keyboards are meant for typing things onto them.

Thank you, I win.

Not into them.

All right, let's just do it again, do the whole thing.

And can you say shaman instead of shaman?

Why would I mispronounce shaman?

I think it's a British pronunciation.

Oh, okay.

Look, Gino, by the way, this is my intern, Gino.

He's back with us, hasn't been with us for a couple of weeks.

Yeah, it's been a few weeks.

You were actually briefly my intern in between, which was kind of exciting.

That's true.

Well, that's a story for another time and another podcast, which we'll get to in a second.

But Gino, you're back.

Gino Lombardo from Long Island.

Oh, you got it right the first time this time.

What did I used to say, New Jersey?

Don't even fuck with me like that, Scott, okay?

Where are you from, Long Beach?

Doesn't that hurt?

Not really, I mean, it's just a couple of towns over.

San Diego, what do you wear?

Socks to your mid-calf, flat-brimmed hats and early sunglasses?

I'm not from the gas lamp quarter.

How dare you?

What do you have a bike with those big handlebars?

Is that what you think San Diego is?

Is basically like, what do you call those?

Where they have the giant front tire and the little- Yeah, those like ape hanger things.

Yeah, ape hanger?

Yeah, I think that's what those handles are called.

What is ape hanger?

What does that mean?

Because you hang like an ape when you grab it.

Is that a working out term, ape hangers?

Oh, no, it could be, it could be.

Ape hangers are arms, basically.

Yeah, more or less.

It's just easier if you say ape hangers than arms.

Ape hangers.

Yeah, you can shorten it.

The more you say it, the more it sounds like not a real thing.

Yeah, well, that's fair.

Ape hangers.

It's for real, a real, for real.

For real.

For real, it's real.

Gino, welcome back to the show.

It's so good to have you back here.

Yeah, and I'm sorry I haven't been talking so much up top.

This is not what it's about.

I'm just supposed to be in- I really hope you were recording because I don't want to retake all of this.

Okay, well, we'll see.

Let's just finish up and then see if anything plays back.

Well, let me know at the end of the show if you think anything didn't sound primo.

Okay, yeah, I'll let you know.

It should be fine once I throw the primo filter on this thing and then render it in the primo.

Again, I don't know that this is a thing.

Adobe primo, you know, let's do all that.

I wonder if that's working with Cupertino.

Ooh, who's that?

Cupertino is what a lot of people are cautioning me not to upgrade to because nothing on your computer will work.

Oh yeah, I did something to my phone and now I constantly have porn pop-ups and I blame the OS, the iOS.

What exactly did you do to your phone?

I upgraded my iOS and now I keep getting all this like thick Latina MILF porn that keeps popping up.

Okay, did you happen to go to one of those sites?

Oh, sorry, sorry, sorry, thick Latinx porn.

Okay, thank you.

Yes.

Well, you didn't change MILFs to anything.

Oh no, it's still a mother I'd like to fuck.

Okay, oh dear.

Do you know, I didn't even know what that meant for a long time.

What did you think it meant?

I thought it was like a smurf, but they were like bigger and took showers in front of their step sons.

Okay, Gino, look, we're gonna have to restrict all of the sex talk here unless it casually comes up in conversation.

Oh yeah, of course.

It's not this type of show as well, you know.

I do know that.

Gino, you are my intro, okay, pouring waters for all the guests.

Okay, thank you.

Oh, this one's for me, I'm actually kind of thirsty.

Okay, you poured waters for no one else though.

I really could use one.

I'm waiting for this physical therapist and this shaman to show up and then I'll be pouring waters for everybody.

Maybe the physical therapist will tell you exactly how to extend your arm to give me a water for once.

Maybe the physical therapist can help me because I got fucking weird shit going on.

Why, what's going on with you?

I fucking, I think my knees are backwards.

Backwards?

Yeah, so.

Wait, let me see you stand up.

Look.

Now do some squats.

I am.

Oh God.

You're doing squats right now?

Yeah, they call it Mr. Tumnus legs.

That's a medical term.

Who calls it that?

The children on the street or?

Children on the street.

Fond of C.S. Lewis?

I think the children on the street say it, but they're all just like, you know, medical heads.

You know, kids these days are googling everything.

Do you live next door or somewhere around like a medical center out there in Long Island?

I live by Mr. Cacciatore's across the street from the medical center.

Okay.

Shh.

So a lot of children interested in the profession.

Yeah, a lot.

Maybe their parents or.

Yeah, they're all coming from the medical center which is across the street from Mr. Cacciatore's.

Right, of course.

And so they're coming up to me and they're shouting, you know, it's, look, he's got Tumnus legs.

And then I'm like, I can't hear them because I'm playing the flute and they interrupt, but I'm dealing with a lot of shit with these.

What kind of flute is this?

Is this a pan flute or?

Skin flute, dog.

Okay, all right.

You said if it came on naturally.

It did come up naturally, you got me there.

Gino, as we know is a.

These kids that are hanging out at the medical center.

I am not nine by nine.

I present this man, I'm cis, but I'm bisexual.

But you are bisexual, yes.

Yes, I'm learning all this.

I've been working with the gay mafia.

What does that mean?

Is that?

No, it turns out I thought the gay mafia.

Bryan Singer or what are we talking about?

Oh, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, the good gay mafia.

Oh, okay, that's the evil gay mafia.

Oh yeah, those are the bad guys.

Right.

If you don't go to a party at Bryan Singer's house, unless you're gonna cater it.

Those are like the Tataglies in the five families of the gay mafia, right?

Oh yeah, yeah.

If we wanna exterminate them.

They're the Tatelli's, we're the Goonies.

Okay, got it.

Yeah, those are the mafia families I know.

The fatales.

Hey, I'm mouth.

Okay, I'm sorry.

I mean, you don't look like Chunk.

Obviously you're like opposite Chunk.

Obviously, yeah, it's so weird that you just jumped right to Chunk, huh?

Interesting, interesting.

That may be the only character whose name I know.

When I was a kid, I wanted to be Mikey so bad that I gave myself asthma by breathing in fiberglass.

Which one is Mikey?

Is that the- The one with asthma.

Rudy.

Rudy, oh yeah, yeah, yeah.

Sean Astin, I believe is his name.

The one who- From Stranger Things.

Ah, I don't want, what's that show?

You don't know what that show is?

I think that's one of the most popular television shows of the last few years.

Is that the spinoff from the little guy's prank show?

Yeah, technically, I mean, technically you got it, you know, opposite, but yeah.

Because I've only seen- You like that prank show?

Dustin's prank show a lot.

I've only seen the trailer at this point.

Oh, that's what I'm talking about.

I've watched it a hundred times.

It's fucking hysterical.

What do you like about it?

I don't know, you scare people?

That's funny to me.

Yeah, it is funny.

I used to scare the shit out of my mom when I was a kid.

Really, doing what?

I would run into her room and be like, dad molested me and she would be so fucking terrified.

Were you kidding or were you lying or?

I was stretching the truth.

Okay, well you say- I had molested my dad.

Oh.

And then I blamed it on, I put the blame on him.

Okay.

It was a power thing.

He was the Patsy.

Yeah, he was the Patsy.

He was the fall guy.

My dad was Jack Ruby.

Okay, wearing the little hat.

Yeah, he got shot.

Have you seen that photo of Jack Ruby and it looks like he's wearing a little hat?

Because the dude behind him- The dude behind him is wearing a cowboy hat.

Oh yeah.

That guy's perspective.

That guy's back and to the left?

Yeah, exactly.

Back and to the left.

Yeah.

Back and to the left, yes.

You know about perspective from the Indiana Jones boulder.

I know about perspective from taking dick pics next to tiny pencils.

Okay.

I say look at this, it's a classic number two pencil and then I hold it up next to my dong and it's really a shrunken pencil.

Right.

So it looks big.

And then I have this fake little hand that I use and I put that on my dick and I use it for photos so everyone thinks I have this big hog.

Okay.

I learned it from Lord of the Rings.

Okay, yeah, I guess this came up naturally.

So I'll give it to you.

So now I forget what we were talking about.

We haven't talked about anything of importance yet.

Okay, Mr. Tumnus Legs.

I'm gonna hit record now.

Oh, okay, thank you.

So Mr. Tumnus Legs, how does that affect you jogging or doing physical activity?

It's been very difficult.

I'm gonna do a GoFundMe for a surgery to flip my knees around.

Okay.

How do they do it?

Do they just like reach in and like a corkscrew and just turn them?

They have two options.

They can reattach your patella in the inverse way.

Okay.

Or they can cut you in half and spin your whole upper half around and match the knees.

Is that what you spin me right round like a record baby is about?

The Flow Rider cover, yes, is about that.

Okay, but that's the original?

Because that's what happened to Flow Rider.

Oh, really?

Yeah, he got caught in the train tracks in between the platform and the train and it spun him up into a top.

Interesting, oh my gosh.

And he was like twisted like an hourglass.

And then when they lifted the train off him, he unraveled really quickly like the Monster Squad.

Speaking of modern hip hop, I saw a really interesting billboard driving today.

Oh, cool, share it with the audience.

It was a...

I fucking saw an ad.

Well, it wasn't really an ad, it was a billboard.

Oh, okay.

It wasn't an ad though.

It was, it said, it's never too early to wish French Montana a happy birthday.

All the way from Dubai.

What the fuck?

It was bizarre.

That is interesting.

I could not figure it out.

Is someone from Dubai wishing him a happy birthday?

Yeah, that's what it seemed to be.

It was a big picture of French Montana.

I couldn't tell whether it was location specific like French Montana had an office across the street or I couldn't quite figure out what was going on.

That's, no, a French Montana is like the state Montana but with tongue?

Yeah, a little bit, yeah, yeah.

Okay, okay.

So we'll talk to the physical therapist about your knee problems if that's okay.

Well, we don't have to.

You have your own show that you gotta run, I totally bet.

And speaking of my own show, you have your own show, which I wanted to tell people about, which is you have your own podcast out right now.

Oh, please, please, yes.

But we could talk about it during the plug bad thing.

Sure, but I wanted to tell everyone about it because you basically, give me the elevator pitch for this show.

Doors are closing, doors are closing.

My arm, fuck, my arm is stuck in the elevator.

But I'm strong enough to open it.

It's a drive time radio show.

It's like shock jock stuff.

It's live.

Shocking disc jockey stuff?

Yeah, it's live on 106.9 WLIR, Monday through Friday for two weeks.

But apparently you can listen to it on some, I don't know, ML, some multi-level marketing scheme where you pay several dollars a month.

Some sort of pyramid scheme?

Yeah, and it's premium, like the gasoline.

Oh, I see.

Yeah, Stitcher premium, Promoco Gino, all that good stuff.

Yeah, or Promoco, Threedom, whatever you wanna put in there.

Oh yeah, put Threedom, give those guys a slice.

Those three need a little juice.

Speaking of slices.

Wait, you're one of them.

That's right, speaking of slices, how's pizza?

Where is it, Long Island?

Jesus Christ, how's pizza in Long Island?

It's the fucking best, second only to the bagels, baby.

All right, Bagel Boss.

All right.

I'll fuck that guy up again.

Okay, all right, we don't need to talk about him.

All right, we need to get to our first guest if that's okay.

Hey, yeah, let's do it.

I'm just gonna pour waters.

Okay, yeah, please pour her water and pour me water because I really could use one.

She is a contest winner who has been on this show multiple times through winning contests to appear on this show.

She's one of our oldest, greatest friends of the show.

Please welcome to the show, Claudia O'Doherty.

Thank you so much, Scott.

I'm shocked to be here.

You're shocked?

Yeah, I really thought I was going on a go-see.

Remind me what a go-see is again.

A go-see, it's like- It's what models do?

It's what models do.

I didn't win a competition to be on the show this week.

Oh, you didn't?

Oh, okay.

You were booked regularly?

No, no, no.

You see, I won a petite modeling competition.

You did, okay.

That's why I'm back in the States.

Petite modeling competition.

What exactly is that?

You have to model petitly or it's for a certain body type?

I'm a petite person.

You are?

Yeah, because I- I guess I hadn't noticed.

I won a big modeling competition.

A petite modeling competition.

Exactly, because you might think like, she's got the looks, but she's not tall, which most models are.

You're tall.

I'm tall, yeah.

So when you're as tall as I am, everyone looks short to you.

So I have never noticed your height.

Thank you so much.

Well, how tall would you say you are?

Five foot two.

Oh, Eyes of Blue.

What?

Oh, that's a song.

Oh, sing it.

I'd rather not.

I've never heard it.

I'd love to hear it.

Five foot two, Eyes of Blue.

Oh, it's really like 19.

It's an oldie, yeah, yeah.

If you sing something like that, it sounds like it's through a megaphone, yeah.

It's beautiful though.

Thank you so much.

My voice or the song?

Voice.

Combination.

It makes me feel good because it's about me.

Yeah, well, other than your- Except for the eyes.

Your eyes are actually, they look hazier.

Brown.

Brown as?

Mud.

Mud and poop mixed together.

Yes, thanks.

You ever see mud and poop mixed together?

Probably.

Yeah.

I actually did do a job with, no, I don't want to talk about that.

Oh, you don't want to talk about, ooh, the person you did a job with who may have shit in the mud?

It was like- This is an intriguing, intriguing tease.

I think you should tell this story.

It was a modeling job and they needed it to look like excrement, but they used mud.

Oh, okay.

Okay, a modeling job.

What was the secret part of that?

Well, I just don't like to talk about my work.

Oh, that's fair.

Sorry about that.

So, talk about your work though.

When you say you thought you were on a go-see, what do you mean?

Well, so I didn't even enter this modeling competition.

Oh, okay.

Now, most of the competitions you have not entered yourself.

No, because I am not a show-off.

We found out later, yes, your mother would- It was my mom.

It's her birthday this week.

So she, I was very excited to be in Australia for that.

To celebrate with her.

Yeah, because I love her.

She is my mom.

Sure.

But sadly, I did win this petite modeling competition.

Which took you to the States.

Back over here to the States.

Right, when you receive word that you've won all of these competitions, I think this is the 12th competition maybe that you've won, do you get a letter in the mail?

Do you get an email?

What exactly happens?

You say my mom just comes into my room.

And then when you fly here, do you fly on a normal-sized plane or do they have petite planes for people like you?

You just go on a little carbon neutral plane.

A carbon neutral plane?

Wow.

Holy shit, electric planes?

Yeah, it's an electric plane.

Oh, okay, because you're so light, it doesn't need that much energy?

It's like eating celery.

Oh, okay.

Oh, it's negative calories.

Exactly, except for the planet.

So your mom just comes in, what time of day does she come in?

Does she wake you up in the middle of the night?

Middle of the night, really?

The flight's leaving now.

The flight's leaving, really?

So she's already packed a bag for you?

Yeah, she'll drive me to the airport.

And then you get to the States and what happens?

Well, I just had a booked schedule.

You know, I got a, well, I call it a diary in Australia, but you guys might call it a planner.

What do you call it?

What do you call diaries in Australia?

Diaries.

Okay, so diary means two different things?

Yeah.

It means either a diary or a- A planner.

A schedule, a planner.

A schedule, but what do you call the book you write your schedule in?

Well, everything's online now, so I have never had occasion to really call that anything.

I usually see it, I'll say, oh, that's trash.

Wuthering Heights.

Half off?

That's what I call the book I write my schedule in, Wuthering Heights.

Wuthering Heights. Why?

Yeah, because that's the only book in my house and I just scribble all my schedules.

In the margins?

In the margins, yeah.

I draw calendars over like chapter three.

Do you read it as you're scribbling stuff?

Like, have you retained any of the knowledge?

Yeah, there's- Have you ever accidentally gone to the Moors?

Cause you think you have an appointment there?

I've fucked myself several times with the Moors.

I saw a fucking Morgan Freeman at the Moors.

He's like, Moorish.

Okay, that's from Robin Hood, Prince of Thieves.

Pretty sure everyone knows that movie.

My dad used to show it to me growing up.

Oh sure, of course.

So you arrived, you had a- Jam-packed schedule.

A jam-packed schedule in your diary and what was the first thing?

I was immediately flung into the petite modeling world.

And the thing is, petite modeling is great because there's so much flexibility with it because we are short.

Are you wearing normal sized clothes or do they make tiny clothes for you?

We just wear children's clothes.

And so that's the great thing about being so short is we can model as children.

Oh, really? So really?

As long as you shoot it from behind.

Oh, okay, yeah, because your faces betray your age.

Yeah, our age.

Yeah, the nooks, the crannies.

The nooks, the crannies, the loss of texture that comes with aging.

Sure, the droopiness- The loss of volume.

Technically all of our skin is just lowering, gravity is pulling us down.

And we just lose moisture as we age.

Yeah, of course, yes.

And you can see in the person's eye the kind of shit they've seen over the course of their life.

Exactly.

It's like, wow, that looks like decades worth of trauma.

And the thing is, nothing bad has ever happened to me, so I have very young eyes.

Youthful eyes.

And they don't even let it use, yeah.

You could just do an eye model kind of thing.

I know, but I like to do full body modeling.

Oh, why do you prefer that?

Because it's just, I mean, it's just better to get out.

It's just more fun.

It's more fun. It's more fun for you, yeah.

I'm expressive with my body.

But it's great.

I mean, all of the petite models are so fun to work with.

I mean, obviously petite models, petite people, we're mean, but we're cheeky.

Oh, I see.

Why are petite people mean generally?

Well, because we can hide behind things.

Oh, so it's access basically?

And I think tall people resent us.

Tall people would be meaner if they could duck behind a pole?

Yeah, exactly.

And you all resent us because we can hide in things.

Oh, I see, yeah.

That's where the term Napoleon complex comes from.

He used to hide in cabinets and jump out and scare his generals and shit.

Under tables, under place.

He used to hide in his complex, in other words, his apartment complex?

Yeah, yeah, a cabinet in his apartment complex.

Oh, okay, interesting.

Inside buckets, et cetera.

Buckets, really?

We can get in buckets.

Wow, I mean, yeah, I guess so.

I guess you could squat down into a bucket.

I could see you doing that.

Yeah, thanks.

Yeah, so now you say you prefer full body modeling, but today was your only day modeling so far?

Well, no, I've been doing it for a full week.

For a full week.

And it's not just photo shoots, we also go to parties because people just love to hire us to come to parties.

Now, you have to pretend to be a child at the party too?

Well, there was a mix up recently and there was this guy named Jeffrey who invited us to his party and he was such a sweetheart.

And he was upset though, because he did think we were gonna be about 12.

Was that this week?

Oh yeah, he's lovely.

Okay, so different Jeffrey than the one I was thinking.

It was Jeffrey Epstein.

Oh, it's the same one.

Same one, okay.

I knew that body was fake.

He's still alive?

Oh, he's very much alive.

He's got gorgeous ears.

Oh, I've been reaching out to the State Department of New York and saying, let me see the body, I'd recognize it and they won't show it to me.

Why would you recognize it, Gino?

Because I used to be a flight attendant on the Lolita Express.

Oh no, really?

Yes, I was a flight attendant when I was a teen.

Was that a carbon neutral plane?

No, there was nothing neutral about the plane.

It was lawful evil, if you ask me.

Well, the party was fantastic.

Oh, well that's good news.

And he let us stay even though he was angry that we weren't actually.

He was upset.

Once he saw your faces.

It was a communication breakdown.

It was not, you know, it was no one's fault.

So once he saw, and I would assume the men had five o'clock shadows, depending on when this party was.

They were adult men.

It was a five o'clock party actually.

It was a five o'clock, oh, it started right at five.

So it was sort of like a day party that went into a sunset.

Yeah, sunset party.

Into night, yeah.

Epstein can't have his parties too late.

I can't have them after bedtime.

Right.

So it's hard to dress for those types of parties because it'll be hot during the early part of the party and then chill down.

We would just, you know, roll the rolls, children's clothes, et cetera.

That's what we were wearing.

Okay, great.

So now a week has gone by.

Yes.

You've been in the whirlwind of the modeling scene.

Yeah, it's exciting.

Photo shoots.

Photo shoots, parties, and now podcast.

Well, okay, but so what happened today?

You thought you were on a go-see.

This was on your schedule?

I've been going to multiple go-sees today.

And the whole point of that is you just rush around town and you walk in and then they take some photos of you.

Right, and they don't know whether they're gonna hire you.

If you haven't seen America's Next Top Model, you probably don't know what a go-see is, but you- It's exactly that.

It's exactly what I just described.

So you should check out that show.

Just check out that show.

All cycles.

Every cycle.

They don't call them seasons, they call them cycles.

Well, thank God I saw the show because then I knew what to expect, which was that I wouldn't have a map and everyone would be speaking a different language.

Yeah, you would have had to have asked someone about that information. Exactly.

Yeah, that's very embarrassing.

That would have taken up two minutes, probably.

Talking to a stranger on the street.

Yeah, exactly.

So now what happens today?

This address is on your schedule?

This was, so I was expecting to be doing some modeling.

Really?

Well, I have a camera set up if you- I would love to.

Okay.

Are you in the children's Navy or something based on this outfit?

It's hard to- Yeah, what is going on here with- Yeah, this is a children's Navy look, but that's just like, you know, everyone loves that.

Everyone gets a kick out of that.

So you wear that to the go-seas because it's applicable to any job.

Oh, right. Yeah.

You can do any, if you can make a Navy uniform look good, you can make anything look good.

Exactly.

All right.

Yeah, so you sort of look like you're in the movie On the Town with Frank Sinatra and Gene Kelly and the other guy that no one knew who he was.

And, but it's small and it's very cute, but they don't- It fits.

They don't make, like, they don't have like Navy juniors out there, you know, on the seven seas out there patrolling the waters.

Do they?

Like Navy babies?

They have Navy Seals and then they have Old Navy.

That's it.

Old Navy, yeah.

So it's like the Navy Seals are middle-aged people.

Like, you know, they're between 25 to 35, but then Old Navy is- Old Navy is just these old weirdos who keep talking about, when I joined, we didn't even have boats, you know?

And like, we swam everywhere.

Loves the idea of young Navy and that's worked.

So yeah, so yeah, I mean, much like the Muppet babies, when that came out, it became its own thing.

Do you think Navy babies are gonna be a thing?

And I think everyone prefers Muppet babies to Muppet.

I think so.

Classic.

Yeah, I think so too.

If the choice were presented to me, you put two televisions in front of me.

All right.

Both- There's one behind you.

There is one behind me, so, but unfortunately, I can't turn around to see that one, but put both of them in front of me.

Okay.

And you start playing press play simultaneously on both.

And then you say, tell me which one to stop.

And you just showed me the old Muppets and the young Muppets.

I'd pick the young Muppets anytime because they have more room to grow.

Exactly.

You know what I mean?

Yeah, they're not gonna die as soon.

Yeah, exactly.

Like I would be worried, on the left I'm watching the old Muppets, just suddenly one by one, they have heart attacks and- Yeah, Cookie Monster's getting his foot amputated for type two diabetes.

It's very sad.

Just depressing actually.

Just depressing.

So the Muppet Babies, so much life in front of them.

Sure, one of them may die at the age of five here and there.

Hit by a car or something.

Yeah, hit by a car or, you know, there's all sorts of ways to go.

I heard Fosse made- He didn't get vaccinated.

Fosse makes Rolf laugh so hard, he gets shaken, baby syndrome, and dies in front of everyone.

Oh no.

Yeah, I'm telling you that's gonna happen.

So Fosse was funnier when he was a young baby then.

Oh yeah, yeah, he was funnier when he was a baby.

As he got older, he sorta just went into like freedom of speech stuff and started podcasting.

The Fosse Podcast, I would like to hear that.

Oh, you don't wanna hear it.

It's on fucking Alex Jones' network.

It's all just advertisements for muscle milk.

So now you showed up here and what was your thought when you saw all of us here?

Shock.

Well, cause I could tell none of, you know, you're not petite models, no offense.

None taken.

But also excited to see my old friend, Scott.

Yeah, well, could I, wait, could I be a non-petite model, do you think?

Oh, you could be a regular, tall male model.

Male, thank you so much for all of those qualifiers.

I'm really petite, but classically ugly.

Yeah.

Well, that doesn't matter because when it comes to petite modeling, it actually just, as long as you're petite, you can probably do it.

I think Gino could do this because first of all, he's, yeah.

I'm thin, but I'm a little tall.

But your legs look weird.

Yeah, that's, you're telling me.

I can't even fucking find a knee pad to skateboard with.

And there's new scarring too, which I've noticed on your exposed, sort of your upper forearms.

Yeah, I dropped a fucking quarter into a Venus fly trap and I went to grab it and it bit down on my arm and.

No.

Five arms or one arm?

Well, one arm and then I went to reach in to get it out, get my other arm out and then my second arm got stuck in.

The classic Venus fly trap.

Yeah, a Venus fly trap will hit you like a vending machine and it'll let you get both arms in and then not let you get either of them out.

And then chomp, oh my God, that's terrible.

Oh, it's great.

But luckily- Did you get that quarter?

I did get the quarter.

I was able to grab a dead fly off the floor with my toe and then whip that around and drop it.

And that- And that opened it up.

They love flies.

Oh yeah, they would prefer a fly to a human's arms.

Oh, for sure.

But I took it out and it was partially digested and pretty cut up pretty bad.

Otherwise I'm doing great.

Have you seen a physician regarding this or?

It was a doctor, but it was a doctor of theater.

Oh, okay.

So you have a master's degree in theater?

Yeah, he had a DFA in.

What did he do?

Do warmup exercises or?

Yeah, I guess you'd call him that.

He kind of like rubbed my body with coconut oil.

Okay.

That sounds nice.

So this wasn't an appointment really.

No, it was on the subway.

Okay.

The restaurant.

Oh, okay.

You were on the restaurant.

Why did you listen to her?

We were on top of the subway.

How did you know to go up on top of the roof of the subway?

Well, to be fair, I went in there, cause I was in New York City, cause I had to go to this appointment for the special doctor and he's like, take the subway.

And I walked, and the directions he gave me, I walked into the subway and I'm like, is this the subway?

Do I take this to the doctor's office?

They're like, yeah, stairs in the back.

So I went upstairs, next thing you know, I'm on the roof covered in coconut oil, looking at photos of his kids, I think.

Okay.

Wow.

I wonder how he got on the roof.

Same situation where he thought it was the subway?

I think he started up there.

Cause I went up there and he put the blood pressure cuff on my arm and then he picked up another blood pressure cuff on the other arm and then put them behind my back.

I don't know if those are blood pressure cuffs.

So much stuff happens to your arms.

Yeah, a lot.

Cause I, you know, you can't really grab my torso cause I'm so wiry.

It's these long arms.

The long arms, they, it's like, you can put handcuffs on those things and maybe you're, you're like an eel, you're sort of slippery around.

I'm like an eel, traditionally one of the most famous things that have arms.

Yeah, but if you can, if you catch an eel at a certain spot on their neck, then you can grab them.

Otherwise, otherwise they, well, no.

If you get it at the right spot, trust me.

Trust me.

They're not all electric.

That's true.

So Claudia, you, uh.

An eel's nothing like, it's nature's fleshlight.

I guess, yeah.

When you, when you really, I thought a Venus fly trap might be, but.

Oh no, it's too dangerous.

So Claudia, you're, how much longer do you have here in the States?

Two more hours.

Two more hours?

Okay, we gotta make these count.

Yeah, because my mom's birthday's over soon and then I'm allowed to go back.

Oh, okay, so.

She said, don't call me on my birthday.

Really?

Okay, so she must be having the birthday of her dreams.

Well, you know how it is on your birthday and you're like, you don't want to be bothered?

No, I've never really related to that.

Yeah, usually it's people like their loved ones to be around them.

Well, that's what she said.

That's what she said.

Yeah.

Did you say that's what she said?

Well, that's what she said to me.

Funny.

Thanks.

That's a good one.

I've never, never doesn't work.

People want their loved ones around them on their birthdays.

That's what she said.

So what's your mom doing for her birthday?

Do you even know?

No, she wouldn't tell me.

Jesus.

I had planned a big party, but I'm not there obviously.

When you say you planned a big party, exactly what were your plans?

I was going to have a barbecue on the beach.

Did you set up the plans or just this is all mental plans?

No, I mean, I'd already put the barbecue on the beach.

I was hoping no one would disturb it for the week.

Oh, OK.

Leading up to the actual party.

Is it still there, do you think?

Who knows?

Yeah.

I hope.

It was a very expensive barbecue.

If I know anything about Australia, that barbecue now has a big fucking spider in it.

How dare you?

That is not OK to say that.

Is that a story?

I'm sorry.

There are a lot of fucking, there are a lot of spiders in Australia.

When I went to Australia, they said, hey, just look in your shoes all the time.

If you're putting shoes on, just look in it.

Just shake it.

Make sure there's nothing in there.

Did I ever see anything in there?

I never saw anything personally, but I've heard a lot of stories about that.

Yeah, they're just stories.

It's not true.

There aren't spiders in Australia.

There's no spiders in Australia?

Oh my god.

It's a stereotype.

Well, now I can visit.

Yeah, you can definitely visit.

I was so afraid of spiders.

Are you allergic to spiders or are you afraid of the webs?

I'm allergic to the webs, afraid of the spiders.

You were so close.

Oh, man, I just got it opposite.

Web allergies can be really nasty.

It's truly nasty.

Because you never know when, yeah, suddenly you're sneezing.

Yeah, and it's not the material.

It's the pattern.

So I can't even go near big rope ladders and stuff like that.

So you haven't been able to see the movie Spider-Man or anything like that?

Oh god, no.

That's so sad.

I tried to go into the spider-verse, but then my throat closed up.

Oh, no.

And I went to anaphylactic shock, and then the guy at the Auk light put a fucking EpiPen in my leg.

Oh my god.

Don't go to see Spider-Man movies.

Yeah, well, hindsight is 20-20.

I thought it was going to be more focused on the man stuff.

But no, it's pretty evenly Spider versus man.

Yeah, yeah.

So maybe you could close one eye while you watch it, and maybe the webbing would take place on that side of the screen?

Oh, I haven't thought of that.

That's a real risk to take.

I know, but you know.

It's worth it.

Because I got to see this.

I got to see Andrew Garfield as Spider-Man.

Oh, you haven't even seen those yet.

OK, you have even better ones to watch.

What?

Yeah, Tom Holland coming up.

So, Claude.

The guy from the Lip Sync Battle?

I'd love to meet him.

You both said something funny, but I couldn't hear what either of you said, because you said it exactly at the same time.

Well, I'll defer since I've been yelling over everybody.

No, I love that.

So now, you have only a couple hours left.

And then when do you think you'll be back?

Let's make them count.

We haven't seen you in a long time, Claudia.

I know.

I've been traveling the world.

Really?

Where?

I just won a lot of different competitions.

Oh, yeah.

England, Ireland.

Wow, the world.

This must get very expensive for your mom.

Germany, Italy.

I know, and I don't know where she gets the money.

To enter these contests.

I'm assuming there's an entry fee.

That's what I mean.

Usually, there's big entry fees.

Yeah.

So I guess I'm lucky.

Do you hope that you have an inheritance?

I don't know how old your mother is or how much longer she has on this earth, but.

This is a good question.

This is a good question to ask people.

Ask everyone how long they think their parents are going to live.

And how much money you'll think you'll get when they pass on.

Don't forget the possibility that you die before your parents.

Yeah.

That's always possible, and then they inherit your money.

Oh, man.

That's the dream.

She would love that.

I thought she would love that.

I want to be dollar zero, dollar neutral, when I leave this earth.

So no one gets anything.

No one gets anything.

I want to have spent everything that I can.

You want to die with the amount in your checking count is directly equal to how much it would cost to have your funeral?

Yeah.

Perfect.

And that way I know I didn't waste anything.

$17.

So you can take it with you.

Yeah, exactly.

All these motherfuckers are wrong.

Everyone says you can't take it with you, but what if there's something called heaven bucks that are directly applicable to whatever is in your bank account when you die?

And you can spend it on robes and harps and whatever you get up and food.

Can like Jews and Muslims get them?

Yeah.

Anyway, I mean.

Then I'm OK with it.

OK.

You know what I mean?

Well, shouldn't we be hoarding our money just in case that's a reality?

That is a good idea, actually.

You know?

What's the dollar to heaven bucks conversion rate, though?

I think it's just like Disney dollars.

Yeah, I think it's dollar to dollar, although maybe like Canada or something where it's like a little bit off.

I just wish they took cards.

Yeah.

Heaven should take cards because I'm trying to get delta miles.

Exactly.

I got a lot of miles.

Oh, yeah, because you've been traveling the world.

Exactly.

Yeah.

Carbon neutral the entire time.

Of course, yeah.

So what's the.

I had a Delta Sky Miles card, but it turned out I had a Marlboro Miles card.

What does that mean?

I've been getting free cigarettes and a big yellow raft with the Marlboro logo on it.

We all smoke a lot the petite models to stay short.

Oh.

Oh, to stunt your growth.

Yeah, because lots of people think you stop growing taller as you age, but you actually keep growing.

No, you keep going.

Yeah, a lot of people think you shrink, but it's just people hunch over.

Yes.

Because you're constantly talking and you're reaching for stuff in your refrigerator in your freezer.

Well, that's actually a big part of why we can pass for children is because now we have hunches and like wrinkly necks, but that's what children have to say.

Look at their phones so much.

Yeah, that's a big problem now.

Everyone with their necks, they're looking down all the time.

So, yeah.

Yeah, but it's good to have technics.

It makes you look younger technic technic.

So, yeah.

So now you just naturally because you're all hunched over and you're kind of shriveled and droopy.

You look like a child now with the technic.

Exactly.

Wonderful.

Thank you.

Great to have you respect.

It's a pleasure to be here.

Protect your technique.

Yes.

Respect my technic, as Adrien Brody once said.

All right, look, we need to take a break if that's OK.

When we come back, we have a physical therapist.

That's exciting.

Do you have any issues?

We can talk about the technic.

Talk about the technic.

But I just want to maintain the technic.

Yeah, talk about how to keep it going.

Keep the technic.

Well, but you have the natural technic, which is just your body aging.

Yeah, I guess.

But also I do look on my phone.

Right.

OK.

Yeah, we'll talk about all this.

And also we have a shaman coming up.

I don't know whether you have any sorts of spiritual issues that you.

Yeah, I'm worried about my mom dying.

Ever since I asked that question.

That seems like Scott's fault at this point.

This will come up, I'm sure, with them.

All right, we will be right back with more Claudia O'Doherty, more Gina Lombardo.

We'll be right back with more Comedy Bang Bang after this.

Cue break.

Comedy Bang Bang.

Sound speeds.

We're back here with Claudia O'Doherty, contest winner, but not to be on this show, contest winner of a petite modeling competition.

Petite modeling opportunity.

Who happened to have this on her schedule.

So I.

I suspect my mom wanted me just to check in with you.

Yeah, I don't know why.

She likes you.

She does.

She does like you.

She always, you know, she always organizes for me to come meet you.

Yeah, you know, I went out there to Australia that one time where we met each other.

And she was nowhere to be found.

So I don't know whether she actually does like me.

Well, she's a cat fisher.

So that.

Oh, OK.

She's very hard for her to actually meet people directly.

Oh, OK.

She loves to, you know.

What does she actually look like?

What does she say she looks like?

Just like me, but a bit taller because she's older.

Oh, yeah.

And she hasn't smoked as much.

Exactly.

Yeah.

Also, Gina Lombardo is here.

His own show is called the Gina Lombardo Show.

That's correct.

And that's on Stitcher Premium currently.

Hell yeah.

That's where we're living, dog.

And you are actually in my seat on that show.

Oh, yeah, I'm hosting the show.

I'm the guy who's relying on other interesting people for content on my show.

Right.

Like you were doing now.

Yes, and I came and provided some of that.

Oh, you crushed Scott interned for me.

It was a real nice treat to finally have that pressure off.

Yeah.

So I wasn't engineering, and I wasn't interning.

Turned out it was not that hard.

No, it's way easier than you think it is.

You look at the freaks that work at this place.

That's true.

Shout out to Ryan over there to my left.

Now, Claudia, you said you have to leave in two hours.

So Scott, you're OK with her leaving a quarter of the way through this podcast?

Come on.

I'd need to meet some other man.

At least she's sticking around, unlike some of our previous guests.

Oh.

Meow.

Yeah, the cat.

Why'd you make that noise?

That was just a cat came into the room.

That wasn't me.

Oh, that wasn't, wow.

You seem to recognize the cat, because you said you made that noise, and the cat looked at you.

Right.

Is that a cat from the movie Cats coming up on Christmas?

A Jellicle cat?

Well, yeah.

Rum Tum Tugger, perhaps?

Yeah.

That costs extra these days.

Yeah, speaking of a tugger, we have to talk to our physical therapist.

We'll see if that comes along with his services.

Please welcome to the show Stanley Chamberlain.

Hello.

So nice to be here.

Thank you, Scott.

Very nice to meet you.

This is Claudia.

Hi.

She won a contest, but not a contest to be on this show.

As she has previously.

Oh, here's some water coming to you.

Coming to you.

This is Gino, our intern.

Thank you.

You're really doing it.

Are you a medical doctor?

Yes, that's right.

I'm a physical therapist.

I'm fully trained.

So you went to medical school?

That's right.

I went twice.

You went twice?

Meaning two days?

You liked it so much?

I went through it twice.

I went through Johns Hopkins initially, and it was hard.

So I went again through Southern Connecticut State University just to crush.

Oh, OK.

So wait, you went through it once and graduated, but then you wanted to do it and have a better time?

Yep, I wanted to.

I like doing things once I know what's coming.

I'd like to ask a question.

Then I will recognize that question, and you can begin.

And you know what's coming.

OK.

Why is his name Johns?

Oh, I think it was just more than one brother.

Is it like Ruth's Chris?

No, I think it was like Attorney's General.

I think it was just more than one John whose last names were Hopkins.

So it's much like Whoppers Jr., where you pluralize the first word rather than.

Right.

Hopkins is the modifier of the multiple Johns.

Got it.

That explains it.

Is that the most boring answer I could have given to that question?

Did it come up in your classes?

Is that something?

Every year at the initiation, they would go over the naming scheme and what Johns Hopkins meant.

They would correct people if they said Johns were.

Talk us through this medical school initiation.

Yeah.

It was initiation?

That sounds intense.

Yeah.

I mean, just initiation at Johns Hopkins.

It sounds like orientation by a little.

No, it's not an orientation.

It's an initiation.

They bring you below ground.

Uh-huh.

Scary.

They blindfold you.

This is why I wanted to do it over at a different university.

I get it.

OK.

I don't blame you at this point.

They blindfold you, and everyone's acting.

And you start to ask questions.

You're like, what's this about?

And they're like, shut up.

Shut up.

Don't be dumb.

There's a lot of pressure to not look dumb at Johns Hopkins.

Oh, I bet.

Yeah.

Because it's an incredibly competitive medical school.

Oh, of course.

And anyone who looks dumb, yeah.

Great lacrosse program, too.

Of course.

And so you go underground.

You're blindfolded.

You take all your clothes off.

You feel yourself getting beaten by what you assume are Oakleys.

You take off the clothes.

They say, take off your clothes.

Take off your clothes.

They don't strip you.

No.

You have to do it.

You comply.

You have to comply.

I think it's- Fully no underpants.

You have to take your underpants off.

You have to be- Dongs out.

Dongs out.

And you're being beaten with- why do you assume they're Oakleys?

To me, it felt like Oak leaves.

Oh, I thought you said Oak leaves.

Like the sunglasses?

No, that's what I thought you said.

What did you say?

Oak leaves?

Oh, Oak leaves.

That's- you know what?

Two things that I could have said.

Whatever the most boring one is, the one that I said.

Oak leaves.

Does that hurt?

Yeah, do that.

I mean, what would hurt more?

Oak leaves, I feel like, would hurt more.

They're hard plastic.

Hard plastic.

You get hit with those croakies.

You know, those things that hold them on if you're jet skiing?

Those things fucking hurt.

Is that no plastic bag?

So you're down there.

You don't know what's going on.

You're 18- sorry, 21 years old.

And you're terrified.

And you don't want to look stupid.

You're like, your imposter syndrome is big.

So off come the clothes.

Off come the clothes.

You don't want to not fit in.

You'll assume that this will make sense.

You would rather people look at your tiny, tiny penis- That's right.

Than to seem stupid.

Yes, which I do have.

Oh, shoot.

I forgot I have that on my name tag.

Tiny, tiny penis.

I do.

I'm so worried about the size of my penis that I just like to get it out there.

Yeah.

I wondered, you know, what the arclide on their name tag is their favorite movie.

I wonder why you had tiny, tiny penis under your name.

I was like, is that a movie?

Well, I talk to Hopkins, you have to have your favorite organ.

Much like arclide.

And yours is tiny, tiny penis is your favorite organ?

Yes, I like tiny, tiny penis.

Did you have to describe it thusly, or?

Well, I don't like large penises, nor do I like unremarkably sized ones.

Oh, so this is your favorite organ on anyone.

That's right.

But you happen to have it.

Which is how I know.

Lucky.

That's why you like it so much.

There I am underground.

It's setting the scene.

It's an initiation ceremony.

Wow, I'm hooked.

So there I am.

I'm underground.

There's a babbling brook somewhere.

We're deep underground.

Inside.

I'm sorry.

You know how you can tell?

I just have one more question.

Sure.

Are your balls normal sized?

My balls are normal sized.

So that makes the?

Normal size for a tiny, tiny penis.

No, normal size for a regular penis, big, relative to my tiny, tiny penis.

That throws the second time.

Which makes them look even smaller.

Force perspective.

Yeah.

It's like part of the petite modeling.

Yes.

I understand that.

It's sort of like I have a petite penis with regular sized testicles.

So there I am.

There's a babbling brook.

And we know we've walked very deep.

Because it's like we're not just in a room or a basement.

We've got this earth.

So is it cold or hot?

Cold.

OK, so you haven't gotten towards the center of the earth.

You haven't gotten that far yet.

But then.

Did you ever get that far?

Yeah, he says yes.

We enter into an elevator.

And they bring us down several miles.

Wow.

We come out into, now I never saw this, but it felt like I was near a something very warm, I assume, magma.

The core.

The center of the earth.

Yeah.

And still I'm worried about, you know, I'm like, I hear people asking questions.

Are you hearing like a rustling of creatures that are down there with some sort of like, underground language?

There was a society of worker race.

You knew it was a society.

Well, I can hear them having, exchanging protocols.

And like, I can hear sort of like.

You knew there were laws and repercussions for breaking the laws?

Yeah, I heard a trial.

One of the worker races must have like, somehow insulted another member of the worker race.

And an impromptu trial.

Do you understand their language?

They spoke sort of a broken English.

Oh, OK.

So.

Insult me, insult me you did.

How convenient.

And the other was like.

Sad, no, unfair, unfair.

Wow, OK.

And I was like, what's going on?

Did they learn the language?

Did they ever talk about this?

Did they learn the language from the top of the earth?

I'm assuming they either learned it from us or there's a common source that taught both of us.

OK, interesting.

Yeah.

Jesus.

Could be Jesus.

Could be.

I didn't rule him out.

They never mentioned Jesus?

He did not come up.

He didn't come up.

I mean, I had the blindfold on.

I didn't interact with the worker race.

Now, you don't know.

Did they have religion?

Or was maybe down there by the center of the earth, religion isn't even a thing.

And it's just a construct.

They did have religion.

They're Presbyterian.

Oh, they are.

Isn't that interesting?

That is interesting.

Do they go door to door evangelizing?

I just heard them talking about their.

I happen to be a Presbyterian.

Do they have doors?

I heard a door.

OK.

You heard a door.

I heard a door up in the close.

And an elevator door.

This is your first day of medical school.

First day of Johns Hopkins.

Jesus.

You're 21.

I got dropped off by my dad because I was too scared to go on my own when I was 21 years old.

Your dad moved you into grad school.

My dad moved me into grad school.

So you didn't need to rise.

That's cute.

You could have driven yourself.

I could have driven myself.

But it was like, you know, he dropped me off at college.

He helped you hang your posters and stuff?

Yeah, I put up my Reservoir Dogs poster.

What about your Farrah Fawcett?

I put up my Farrah Fawcett, yeah.

And I had a Jimi Hendrix.

Oh, that's great.

That's cool.

But he's playing in a band with John Lennon and Buddy Holly.

Did you have the poster of the little Vietnamese girl running from the carnage?

Yeah, I had that too.

That's a huge black and white photo.

Classic comics poster.

Did you have a Blacklight poster?

Was that the Jimi Hendrix one?

Yeah, yeah.

And I also had a Kiss Army.

Oh, OK.

And I had two Blacklight posters.

The Spirit of 76 one, where they're all dressed up like Confederate.

This is, they're in Central Park.

And they're using their superpowers to save people.

Got it.

Anyway.

There I am.

But you're nowhere near there at this point.

Nowhere near that.

Like, that was hours ago.

Those are your touchstones.

I'm away from my comfort zone.

Your dad's gone.

My dad is gone.

Long gone.

You're totally away from your home.

But yes.

Yes, thank you for appreciating this.

Wow.

It was so disorient.

Honestly, being naked was the least of my worries.

Sure.

Yeah.

That was the least.

Because who knows?

You may be left there.

Yeah.

Are you part of this new society or old society?

Do I have to join the worker race however age it is?

Does the worker race have clothes?

They definitely had clothes because I heard them arguing about pleats.

Oh.

That makes sense.

That was part of the trial?

I know they had khakis.

No, that just came up.

That was a side argument.

They're like, you're going to wear that to be a lawyer?

And he's like, I can wear what I want.

I'm a lawyer.

OK.

It's like it's pleated.

That's out of fashion.

He's like, shut up.

I know what I'm doing.

Were you passing by these arguments?

Or these are just happening right next to you?

They seem to be walking along beside me.

OK.

So this is some sort of like walk and talk, like a sorkin.

It's really hard to picture.

Look, I think you're doing a great job I can really visualize it.

I keep imagining it's hot, but it's cold.

I've been through this point.

It is hot at this point.

Now it's hot.

It is hot.

OK, right.

I'm trying to draw it, but I'm still stuck on your penis.

This is all I have so far is this little tiny penis.

OK, well, that's pretty close.

Many attempts, I see.

Yeah, the vein format works for you?

There's too many veins.

OK, I'll knock down the vascular.

Now, what you've done is sort of the Thanksgiving thing where you've done the outline of your palm.

Yes, because I'm going to choose one of these five depending on the size.

I would go with pinky.

For pinky, yeah.

OK, and just add some like apple sized balls right there.

Oh, you got it.

So what happens?

Apple sized balls, boots with the fur.

She hit the flow.

Sure, we're hitting that bolo, baby.

Oh, yeah.

This is a reference I don't know.

So now what happens?

What happens?

You're naked.

So there we are.

So you're led into a chamber and the doors thunder shut behind us and they take off the blindfolds.

OK.

Around me are all the same people I entered with.

The incoming class of Johns Hopkins.

OK.

Has anyone dropped out?

Off at this point?

It was roughly the same size.

Maybe.

You don't know the other people, so you don't know.

I'm not familiar with them.

They look like most of us are there.

I think in the future if you're going to do a radio show or a podcast, I would introduce myself as something besides a physical therapist.

This is super interesting.

This is not what I came here to talk about.

Yeah, no, we'll get to what you wanted to talk about.

I'm just saying, this is fucking wild.

This is a documentary made about you.

This is incidental.

This is a side story.

I've tried to tell people this and they're like, we don't care.

Get back to physical therapy.

We really care about it on this show.

Well, I love it.

I've been wanting to talk about this for years.

OK, yeah, please, spare us no detail.

So there's the dean.

OK.

The dean of Johns Hopkins.

The dean of the workers union.

No, the dean of John, the worker race.

Worker race.

I don't think they have deans.

OK, so maybe the- They have a provost sort of situation.

OK.

So you didn't know what to call him.

It's your first day.

Well, this, I don't know what his name is.

And you still don't know.

I still don't know, because he's got to introduce himself.

It might be dean.

It could be dean.

It could be.

It could be dean Jesus, it's not eliminated.

Yeah, we have no idea at this point.

He's grown antlers.

He has grown antlers.

He hasn't put them on or fixed them?

He's naked.

Maybe there's some really intricate- Special effects.

Prosthetics or some sort of situation.

Some movie makeup.

It looked real.

And his face was beet red.

And he was naked with, and there was all kinds of insignias drawn on David.

Oh, hell yeah.

Runes.

Pentagrams, runes.

Yeah, there might have been a pentagram.

It was sort of like an illustrated man situation, where he was just decked out.

Interesting.

Wow.

Still had on his glasses.

Oh, OK.

That's one thing that you can never really go without.

You can't get away with it.

As scary as you are, if you have bad eyes, you have bad eyes.

You got to be able to see.

I want to see one of those movies like Halloween or something, and Mike Myers is like wearing glasses.

Because, you know, every serial killer in these movies has great eyesight.

And they never go to the bathroom.

In H2O, he gets LASIK.

It's like a big fuck that they shoot a laser at him, thinking they're going to kill him.

And then he's like, now I can see perfectly.

Thank you.

And they're like, you talk.

And they're like, I always have, bitch.

He says, bitch?

That movie answered and created a lot of questions.

It's the scariest one.

Yeah, everyone's still pissed at Rob Zombie for that shit.

I liked it.

So now.

He addresses us as the fallen.

We're like, what?

He can't mean us.

We haven't done anything.

From where have you fallen?

You just arrived.

From grace, from our humanity.

You're in a prestigious medical program.

Welcome the fallen.

We're in some sort of cement room deep in the earth.

Wow.

Then he just starts going over academic prerequisites, as if none of this has happened.

He's like, you're going to need four credits of anatomy.

You're going to need four credits of biology.

You still have to tip?

That's it.

Well, they're hard.

Credits at Johns Hopkins.

Four credits of tough biology.

Yeah, yeah.

I mean, just one credit of Johns Hopkins biology is like six credits somewhere.

Oh, I've been in National Community College for nine years, so I get it.

OK, yeah.

You're a fellow academic.

Then you understand.

So you have a fairly comprehensive sense of biology then.

Yeah, we went way over biology then anatomy.

Right.

So you know a lot about it.

But it's the fundamentals.

I know everything about it.

Anything you could ask me, I'm ready to answer.

What is the human body's largest organ?

The skin.

OK, there you go.

He knows it all.

Sorry, boring to be right, but my ego took over.

Boring to be correct on the trivia question.

I understand.

That's how I went.

Where was I?

You were, well, the credits.

We're deep in a cement chamber, and he's beneath the earth, and it's warm.

Beneath the earth.

Or yes, deep in the earth.

And he's going over, and then he's saying if you want to change roommates, you have to go to this particular office.

And it's all just very dry information.

Do you even know who your roommates are at this point?

No, we haven't been given a room.

I mean, I went to my room, but I haven't met the guy.

Nothing's been assigned.

We don't know anything.

Right.

I don't know where that is.

It's reasonable, though, that he'd tell you that.

I guess that's the kind of information.

Did he tell you where the cafeteria was?

No.

Really?

That's the, yeah.

Then he says, OK, and he goes over some other information and passes out some forms we have to fill out.

We have to fill out a sexual harassment form.

Did you have to fill it out right then and there, naked?

Yes, naked, on my knees.

I put the paper on my knees, and with the did he pass out?

And the poem was about whether or not you wanted to be sexually harassed?

Yes, he had to put in yes or no.

Yeah, an option?

Yeah.

Did he pass out?

Which I said no.

Sure.

Yeah, that's cool.

Yeah, although I would have been fucked, because I always just click accept, accept, accept, accept, and then I, so I would have been harassed.

You would have been in deep trouble, yeah.

You would have been very harassed.

Did he pass out pens?

No.

There was a- Did everyone bring them?

How did you feel?

One of the worker, I did see one of the worker races.

One of the worker races came by with a knife, pricked our pinky fingers, and we had to drip blood onto the forms to answer it.

OK.

So what did the worker race- Which is actually easier to do, what's that?

What did the worker race look like?

Rabbits.

They look like rabbits?

But they talk.

Tall rabbits.

So like, tumness looking things?

No, tumness is more of a satyr, traditionally a half man, half goat.

OK, right, yeah.

I believe a rabbit is, that's called Harvey, or- Sure, yeah.

That's full rabbit.

This is, yeah, they were like- You never go full rabbit.

Three and a half feet tall, walking, instead of hopping, they were sort of comfortably walking on their hind legs.

So they're walking on two legs, not on four.

Two legs, not on four.

Bipedal, if you will.

Bipedal.

To walk on four legs would break the law, is that right?

Down there, yes.

If you walked on four legs, you would be jailed.

Right.

How'd you know that, Scott?

Well, I've heard stories of this type of thing.

What the hell, Scott?

I mean, I walk on two legs all the time.

You were asking him questions as if you didn't know what he was talking about, and now you suddenly know.

Well, I would assume for a race like that to walk on four legs would be some sort of, it would be against the law, and what happens when you break the law?

Sounds like maybe you've gone down there.

I mean, I've not been down that far, certainly.

This is miles.

What's the furthest you've gone?

You know, I mean, maybe a few kilometers.

Wait, you don't always walk on your two legs.

One time I was at your house sitting in the living room, and you came down the stairs upside down in a back bend.

I did.

You walked, and that's unrelated.

That's due to an exorcist type thing.

Oh, OK.

I knew it.

Yeah, it's a totally different thing.

Continue with your story.

So what happened?

Well, then it gets weird.

Then it gets weird.

Yes, because so after we get all this information, and we're properly initiated, he's like, all right.

Now, as you know, you've entered into an extremely competitive program, and not all of you are going to complete and graduate.

Did he do the look to your left, look to your right, one of you was in good.

I was waiting for that, and he didn't do it.

That's a classic.

I know.

Did he do Bottle of Red, Bottle of White?

He did.

He first sang all of Scenes from an Italian Restaurant.

All of it?

That's a seven minute long song.

Thank God it's good.

Yeah, that's true.

And he was good singing it?

He was great.

Wow.

He actually didn't have such a strong voice as much as he committed.

OK.

That's all you need.

Which I feel like is all you want.

Any backing track?

It's pretty much the same for Billy.

No, no backing track.

It was acapella.

That's a tough song to do, acapella, especially the Oh, he hummed all that.

He hummed it.

He hummed like the clarinet solo too.

Was he imitating different instruments?

Can I just say that it's so interesting to me that there are follow up questions on this part of the story on how he sang Scenes from an Italian Restaurant.

I just don't know how I would do it.

I've always wanted to say this part of the story, but I've never gone down.

There we are in front of a stag elemental.

Sure.

But OK, yes.

What was your question?

He did all the different instruments.

He imitated the instruments.

So when he's Not all of them, but he would do like the prominent ones, like, Ba da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da.

So that's the clarinet.

But then when he goes, Ba da da da.

Was he doing the piano or was he doing the horn section?

Initially, he would do that, Ba ba ba ba.

He's like strutting around doing these like lunges.

He's strutting.

He's into it.

Wow.

And it was a relief because things had been so alien and strange that to hear a familiar song was calming.

Sure.

Yeah.

And I was like, maybe this guy's not so bad.

Maybe this is going to be actually fine.

Yeah.

But then it got weird.

Then it got weird.

He said, you know, you're entering a competitive program.

And if you are of weak character, if you are of minimal talent, you will not be able to survive.

You must fight your way back to the surface.

Fight your way back to the surface.

Handed each of us a machete.

A machete.

Fuck yeah.

Whoa.

This owns.

And then he said, and then he said, the elevator that returns to the surface is powered by these gems.

And the gems will only work once.

OK.

And there's only 10 of them.

And there were 20 of you?

About 60 of us.

60.

So 50 did not make it out?

That's right.

Whoa.

Incredible.

And you're one of the 10.

Yeah.

And then after you graduated, you were like, I should probably go to medical school.

I'm going to go to another medical school again because I don't want it to be like this.

Right.

So I went to Southern Connecticut State University the second time.

So did you take out five guys?

Or did you?

You eat it in the restaurant.

Or Uber Eats.

I took out five guys.

I ordered from five guys.

They had a telephone service down there.

Five guys delivered.

OK.

We all talked to each other.

It took a long time to order that many people.

We were like, we were like.

Five delivery guys?

Yes.

Down the elevator?

Five guys delivered.

They already had gems.

I guess the guys from Five Guys had their own gems.

So they can go out?

They can just go up and down like crazy.

They're delivering all the time.

Well, we all were like, we're about to murder each other.

Let's have a last meal.

Oh, really?

So you guys paused.

We were like, let's be civil and have a last meal together.

It was a gentleman's agreement of like, look, this is coming.

Death is coming to 5-sixth of us.

Yes.

So we ordered five guys.

And we all wrote letters to our loved ones that we agreed that whoever survived would deliver them.

Did you keep that promise?

I did.

And that's why I'm here today.

What?

Again, I would say, put that in your bio.

No.

I should have been talking about physical therapy.

Wait, to whom are you delivering this letter?

One of us?

Claudia.

What?

That's right.

Wait, who died?

I murdered a fellow contest winner.

But not my family member.

No.

Oh, OK, fine.

Well, they seemed a little, they seemed very, you meant a lot to them.

This person in their last moment I brought a letter to you and you don't know who they are.

This guy's name was Chet.

He said he won a contest with you.

Some time ago.

His last name was, I'm trying to remember, Wellman.

Chet Wellman?

Yeah.

Here's this letter.

He said you have to promise to get this to Claudia Doherty.

Whoa, OK.

So I'm giving this to you.

Can you read it out?

My eyes hurt.

I can't read it.

Oh, I can see your eyes look very sore.

Yeah.

Dear Claudia, it's me, Chet.

That's right, Acorn Chet.

I don't know when to put that even.

Whoa.

Acorn Chet.

I don't know what he's talking about.

Do you know Chet Wellman?

I do it, yes.

And you know what Acorn Chet is?

That's a private thing.

Here in my last moments.

It's actually kind of an aggressive thing for him to call me.

Oh.

Oh, it is?

Wait, he called himself Acorn Chet.

To reference that is kind of aggressive.

Oh, OK.

Because it has...

It's very Chet.

He seemed very aggro.

If it makes you feel any better, he was the first to go.

So he's aggro, but he still, all of that was...

He had like a lot of like chest, just like, oh, I'm gonna kill you guys.

All of that was betraying a weakness inside.

Me Chet, me Chet.

And then you just slop.

Yep, little tiny dick to me, slitched him right off.

Because my small dick, and everyone thought that I would be unmanly, but I was actually quite handy with the...

Plus also you got your equipment tight.

You know, you don't have any hangers for people to chop off.

That's right.

I'm not as vulnerable.

Small dick is actually the highest form of evolution.

Yeah, because all the big dicks, they would get like whacked with the machetes.

And then they're in...

My dick!

And then they're looking down.

Oh no, my dick!

And then they're distracted.

Everyone's so concerned about losing their dick in the machete battle.

But you, you have no concern.

You're not even flopping around.

You're not even risking anything except for them apple sized balls.

Yeah, those balls, I don't know.

But that's full of testosterone.

How many women got out?

The women all survived.

Okay, good.

But they joined the worker race.

Oh!

They survived by bargaining their way to entering the worker race.

Well, I would imagine the worker race needs more to be more productive.

They need more children, more offspring.

Can they break with human women if they're rabbits?

That was the plan.

I didn't stick around long enough to find out.

You never went down there again.

No.

How did they fight?

I understand they're not wanting to go back.

Yeah, I get that.

Yeah.

But could you finish this letter from Chet?

Because it looks lengthy.

Yeah, it is.

It's long.

Dear Claudia, it's me, Chet.

Let's just talk for a second.

This is an insane coincidence that you came on and...

Oh, okay.

I didn't even know I would be here.

Maybe your mother, this is why she said you're here today.

It seems like it could be...

Do you know my mom?

Do you know my mother?

Not well.

To quote that wonderful children's book.

Oh, I guess it's are you my mother?

Are you my mother?

Yeah.

Are you my mother?

I'm not your mother.

That should be the sequel.

Do you know my mother?

What about the children?

They should go down in stakes.

It's a good follow-up question.

Are you my mother?

I get you're not my mother.

And then the third one should be have you heard of my mother?

Each one is more removed.

Does anyone have a mother?

Sorry.

Okay.

I went to...

The plot is really thickening.

Yeah.

It truly is.

As thick as the pages on this letter, because this is several pages wrapping up.

That's eight point Arial font.

It's so much...

It's very small.

So Chet here is like, it's Dear Claudia, it's me, Chet, Acorn, Chet.

Here in my last moments, I find my thoughts traveling back to that day we spent together.

Oh, God.

Only one day.

Yeah.

Thank you guys.

Some more water, you know.

Great.

Yeah.

You're gonna need it because this is a long, long time.

I wish this wasn't happening on a podcast video.

Dear Claudia, it's me, Chet, Acorn, Chet.

Okay.

You don't have to go backwards.

It's good for me though, because I'm getting a lot...

I'm...

Because I keep missing the first couple.

It refreshes the memory.

Here in my last moments, I find my thoughts going back to that day we spent together when we won that contest to run that radio station.

I guess you won a contest to run a radio station or something like that.

And you and I were co-DJs for two and a half hours.

Co-DJ?

Couldn't you just say they're both DJs?

You don't need to split up the duties of a DJ.

Scott, have some respect for the dead.

Have some respect for the dead.

A DJ team like Flipper and the Bird, they don't call themselves co-DJs, do they?

Well, since they had probably both met that day and won a contest.

We were just like, show whatever you...

So you have to split up the duties.

If you share a chair, it's co.

Oh, okay.

That's true.

Okay.

The conversation we had changed my life, and I never have felt as strongly connected to someone as I did to you that day.

Oh, gosh.

And the friendship I felt with you was reassuring to me that human empathy is possible.

And I've thought of you every day and longed only to meet you again.

And now that I see that my life may be ending, I wanted you to know that it is you I'm thinking of.

And then it's just the first chapter of Great Expectations.

The whole first chapter?

Yeah.

So can I have that?

I need a calendar.

Yeah.

What is it?

Call me...

No, that's Moby Dick.

What is the first line of Great Expectations?

Towards the best of times, it was the worst of times.

No, that's Tale of Two Titties.

Yeah.

Okay.

Tale of Two Titties is the title of a real book?

Yeah.

Why did you...

What did you think it was?

Because I've been reading this magazine called Tale of Two Titties, and I didn't realize it was a magazine.

Yeah, it's a magazine.

It's a periodic...

I've been trying to get through it.

It's dense.

How is Tails spelled?

Uh, T-A-I-L.

Right.

Yeah.

Let me see the letter.

Okay.

Yeah, yeah.

So it goes on, my father's family name being Parip and my Christian name Philip, my infant tongue could make of both names nothing longer or more explicit than Pip.

So I called myself Pip and came to be called Pip and it goes on.

Okay.

Yeah.

I love that.

Wow.

Well, it sounds like he was just stalling from getting machete to death.

And Claudia...

And did he have a copy of Great Expectations?

Yeah, he was copying it down.

He was copying it down.

And pretending that it was a letter.

That is actually...

I bet he didn't...

I'm almost done.

Give me one more second.

I bet he didn't even really know Claudia all that well, and he was just like trying to stall.

Well, yeah, we really only knew each other for that one afternoon.

We were on the radio together.

I'm glad to hear that because I murdered this man.

I murdered this man.

You killed one guy or several?

I shouldn't say.

Oh, you're...

But go ahead though.

I killed seven people.

Seven people, so someone else only killed three.

That's right.

Wow.

Or one person killed...

Did it change your personality afterwards?

No.

How do you know though?

Well, yeah, I guess I don't know what I would have been.

Yeah.

Did you feel a change once you took the life from someone?

I certainly was not...

I wasn't...

A certain fear left me.

To see the light go out in someone's eyes and realize that their soul is no longer inhabiting this earth, that must prepare you for the medical profession.

I think so.

And when we took our Hippocratic Oath, they have a different version of John's Hobson, which is like, carry on the legacy of those you murdered by helping others.

That's what brings you here today.

To give me that letter.

Have you delivered the other six letters?

Nope.

I'm keeping an eye out for them just to show up on podcasts.

I've been going to open mics, hoping they get into comedy and just seeing if they start doing that.

Okay, there are better ways to find these people than going on podcasts.

Sort of been scanning the show listing page at UCB to see if any of them are on Herald Night.

Okay, yeah, this is going to take you a while.

Do you need anything from me?

Like notarized or anything like that?

Yeah, would you mind just signing the envelope and giving it back to me that I...

Don't sign that in blood.

This may be a trick.

I'll do what I want.

Okay, I'm just saying this might be some sort of trick to get you down there and breeding with the race of...

Is this a trick to get me down there and breeding?

I knew it!

I'm not going to sign it.

I'll sign it.

Gino, you don't have to sign it.

I just go underneath the...

I just go two miles down.

Oh, he already signed it?

Oh, God.

And I just get to fuck these rabbit freaks?

I think, yes, I think that's right.

I'm into it.

All right.

All right, well, it looks like the minute your show is over, you're going to be going down and joining the rabbit race.

That sounds good to me.

I'm polyamorous.

As I like to say, I'm polyamorous and I'm into white guys and gals, so poly want to crack.

All right.

Well, look, Stanley, we're out of time here on your segment.

We didn't get to...

Can I give the briefest version of what I was going to talk about?

Maybe you should come back and do it.

Okay.

Come back another time.

Maybe come back.

Different name, different job.

I'd love to hear more from you.

No, no, no, that's okay.

I don't mind.

I was...

Believe me, I had this...

I've been trying to get this off my chest for a long time.

We have a doctor come on.

He tells us only about the first day of med school.

Well, you know, he said initiation and not orientation.

It just led us there.

Yeah.

Well, all right, we need to take a break.

When we come back, we have a shaman, so that's great.

Maybe we'll talk about their actual shamaning or something else.

First day of shaman school, hopefully.

We will be right back with more Comedy Bang Bang after this.

Cue break.

Comedy Bang Bang, we're back here.

We have Claudia Doherty, who has won a contest, not to be on the show, certainly, but...

Just to check in with you.

I'm a petite model.

And a petite model for another hour, 45 minutes, somewhere around there.

I'll be heading back to the airport.

Yeah, you're heading back to the airport.

Which is a field, though.

It's not an airport.

Yeah, do you stop being a petite model at that point?

Do you know...

Are you no longer able...

I'll probably be modeling within the plane.

Photoshoots on planes are very popular right now.

Okay, but once you...

It's a long flight, you might as well multi-ask.

Exactly.

Once you touch down on Australia, though, are you no longer a model?

Well, we'll have to see.

Oh, that's true.

This may be a springboard for a wonderful career.

It could be a starting point, because often if you do well in America, then you can get work in Australia afterwards.

How often are you in commercials as a petite model where you have to have your back to the camera, and you're just sort of like shaking around?

I would say I'm more often represented, like 80% of the time it's gonna be me, the back of me pretending to be a child.

And if I put my hair in a hat, I would look like a boy.

Oh, okay.

So if I ever see a child in a commercial...

It's just the back of them, it's most likely me.

Most likely you.

Okay, I'll keep an eye out for children turning their back to me.

You've always said I'm gonna keep my eye out for children facing away from me.

Back to the yoga.

Which I don't know, that sentence is...

It doesn't sound good.

I don't think I've ever said that sentence in my life.

But actually we're protecting the children by adults doing the jobs of children and modeling jobs.

Yeah, I guess.

Although doesn't it get confusing?

Because I could be...

I'm not saying I am because I don't want to sexually harass you right now.

But if you were to turn around and I would be aroused by you, that would not be wrong at all, would it?

Well, it would be...

What was your question?

Weird.

It would be weird in terms of like...

It wouldn't be illegal.

That's what I'm saying.

So how can...

Unless you told me about it.

What if I saw another that would be illegal?

In a workplace scenario, I think it would.

Although this is not a workplace scenario.

No, I guess I don't get paid to come on this show.

No, of course not.

So yeah, this...

You want a contest.

Most times.

Yeah, this is a prize.

Yeah, so in a situation like that, certainly there's a power imbalance, but it's not illegal.

No, it's great.

Yeah, it's good.

It would be great for me to tell you that.

Yeah, it would be wonderful.

This is too weird because this is the same shit Fogle was saying in the stand.

He's like, I was under the impression they were adults pretending to be children in these photos and they kept holding up a huge pair of khakis.

Who's Fogle?

Jared Fogle, the subway...

Do you not know him?

Oh, right.

I just know about the gymnastics.

Were you looking for him when you went on that subway?

Well, I found a fucking pair of size 52 waist khakis up there.

Thank God, because it was the only way to get down from the roof of the subway.

Was he just like throwing those on top of the roof all the time?

Like throwing them over his shoulder like, don't need these anymore.

I've lost weight.

If you spill anything, you're supposed to throw an oversized pair of khakis over your shoulder.

Oh, yes.

Yeah.

All right.

So that the devil doesn't get you.

Yeah.

That's why.

Yeah.

Just I was just remembering.

Well, speaking of the devil not getting him, Stanley Chamberlain is also here.

And the...

My pleasure to be here.

The antler god or devil or we don't know exactly what he is.

We don't know.

Was he human?

Did you see him around the school after that?

I did all the time.

Nice guy.

Yeah.

I never saw his antler form again.

You ever sing?

Oh, yeah.

He'd be a karaoke all the time.

He crushed it a karaoke.

I saw him do That's Life the last time.

Backing track, though, involved in karaoke.

That'd be a backing track.

But I was like, he doesn't need it.

He can do all those.

I was like, trust me, he doesn't need any of this.

I don't like to sing karaoke, but I love watching karaoke videos.

So I'll just like sit on the toilet on my phone and watch karaoke videos on mute.

There's always people walking at the beach.

Yeah, you see two strangers who just met.

I've actually done a lot of work on karaoke videos as a child.

Oh, child at the beach.

That's usually.

Yeah.

I saw you in the Sweet Child of Mine karaoke video.

I guess that's why I saw you.

That was me.

Yes, that makes sense.

Ooh, child, things are going to get easier.

I saw you in that.

That was me, too.

Definitely.

All right.

Well, we need to get to our next guest.

He is a shaman.

This is exciting.

We haven't had ever.

I don't believe we've ever had a shaman.

And if we have, who cares?

Please welcome to the show Chuck Pliman.

Hey, Scott.

Thanks so much for having me on, man.

I really appreciate you bringing me onto your program and let me talk about what I do.

This guy.

Okay.

Well, we'll see some stuff.

We'll see if we get to what you want to talk about because it's not really up to you.

Conversation may take us elsewhere, but it's so nice to meet you.

This is Gino Lombardo and Stanley Chamberlain and Claudio Doherty.

Hey, great to meet you.

Nice to meet you, Chuck.

Yeah, it's great to meet you guys.

And I'm willing to go wherever.

That's part of being a shaman.

That's part of being a shaman, really?

Yeah.

We're living in a golden age of psychedelics, microdosing, opening up your mind to new experiences.

Ayahuasca saved my life.

And I like to provide a safe environment for other people to have a good experience, get over some issues.

Now, Ayahuasca, that is a sort of an ancient drug or herbal drug or something that it's a psychedelic that also makes you shit yourself.

Yes, you may shit.

You may vomit.

Now you got me interested.

Yeah, I discovered it when I was in Mexico.

You discovered it?

You're the first person to ever take it?

I believe so.

How long ago was this?

Because I started hearing about it maybe five years ago.

Okay, yeah, this was last year.

I heard about it in Australia, so you must be quite famous.

Okay, yeah.

I mean, I think word's getting out.

Yeah, I accidentally drank some dog shampoo and it turned out it was Ayahuasca.

Oh, okay.

Was this homegrown dog shampoo?

It was homegrown, yeah.

Someone said put this on your dog?

Yeah.

Did you have a dog?

I do now.

I didn't at the time.

Why did you need dog shampoo?

I think that's quite a normal progression is to buy the shampoo.

Oh, to see if like, okay, maybe this will ease me into the responsibility of your dog.

You don't want to show up in your house and you don't have the leash, the shampoo, the crate, all the stuff you need.

People buy diapers before they have children.

I've got a truck full of diapers waiting for when I finally see if I stop shooting blanks.

My parents the other day, a stray dog came to their house and they didn't ask it in.

They were just like, go away, because they didn't have a leash.

And they were kind of like, maybe we should buy a leash in case that ever happens again.

It's smart.

It's smart to have rules.

And I mean, I have serious rules before you enter my domain to have a nice safe trip.

Do you mean your house?

That's right.

Oh, okay.

You have a house or an apartment or what do you have?

What's the shape of it?

I have an apartment.

It's oval.

Oh, wow.

Oh, that's real.

Hard to get an oval.

Is it in Griffith Park?

It's perfect for offices, but doesn't work for apartments if you ask me.

Yeah, I guess technically it's an office park.

Okay.

And so if you show up, I want everybody to have a chill, relaxed experience.

If you show up, what does that mean?

Like, are you prompted?

Yeah.

Oh, no.

Yeah.

If we're invited.

You need to show up.

Yeah, that is part of being a shaman.

You don't need to be invited.

Door's open to anybody.

It's not a vampire situation.

No, no.

Who do you recommend if I've never done any kind of psychedelics or...

Well, it doesn't look like you need it.

I mean, it seems like you've had a pretty...

I've had a pretty...

Did they feed you any psychedelics when you were down there?

Do you know?

Not that I'm aware of.

Did they feed you anything?

Just square tabs of paper on our tongues.

Okay.

Yeah, that's not it.

Yeah.

So I'll ask us like a muddy beverage.

Okay.

Well, I've never had anything like this.

A muddy beverage.

Sounds delicious.

Yeah.

Yeah, it's an acquired taste.

It does burn and wear comfortable clothes.

Yeah.

Why?

Because you're going to be shitting in them or taking them off to shit?

Either or.

Okay.

And you want to be comfortable.

Yeah.

You want to be comfortable.

You want to be cozy.

That's good advice for no matter what you're doing.

Wear comfortable clothes.

Because if you're wearing uncomfortable clothes, you're going to be uncomfortable.

And is it a case by case thing?

Like you decide if you want to shit your pants or take your clothes off and shit?

Yeah.

It's you never know going in.

You might go in thinking that you're going to be a shit person.

And that doesn't happen.

It just never comes around that way.

It's just like, yeah.

We don't choose when we shit a lot of times.

I never choose when I want to shit.

Really?

I just let it happen.

You just let nature take control.

I leave it up to God.

Yeah.

I do too.

I didn't believe in God until I started taking this stuff.

I believe in him now.

Really?

Yeah.

May I ask you a personal but boring question?

Oh, please do.

How old are you?

Me?

I'm 30 years old.

Really?

Why did you say me?

As if you were stalling.

Well, I thought he pointed to me.

Yeah.

I thought he was pointing.

I thought he was looking at Gino.

I did like just a little shaky gesture.

It wasn't clear who I was.

And you've got such small hands.

It seems like you're pointing it in me.

It must be hard for you to be a physical therapist.

You have like shaky hands.

Well, it's almost like a palsy kind of thing.

Part of my interesting story that I never got to.

Okay.

Well, we'll talk about that on another episode.

Yeah.

You got to have this guy back.

He's a physical therapist for crying out loud.

He's a challenge.

Now, if you do want a trip, he's come with a card with a chip.

Okay.

What does that mean?

A credit card?

Yeah, that's right.

Is that your little slogan?

So people remember it?

I used to have Venmo.

Okay.

But too many people were running into problems.

So now I do have a key.

I have a little.

Too many people running into problems?

What does that mean?

Either claiming their Venmo is broken.

Oh, okay.

And then I got to send them an invoice.

Venmo doesn't break, does it?

Isn't it just an app or something?

I guess that's what I think.

Anything can break, Scott.

Oh, okay.

Watch.

You want me to break anything?

Or are you saying.

Point something in the room.

I'll break it.

How about watch?

This watch over here.

No, not that one.

That one's indestructible.

You fooled me last time with that fucking thing.

I've had Venmo network, but you can't find.

You search for like their handle or their username or whatever.

And you can't find.

Why are you Venmoing so many people?

I do all my business with Venmo.

Oh, you do?

Okay.

I mean, I would love to, but I just don't trust it.

So now I got a little square.

Okay, so, but you, you had it for a while.

Yeah.

And I will, I will make, I will make you call your bank, even in the middle of your trip.

If your card gets the cloud.

Oh, I love to just get fucked up and deal with call, like being on.

Yeah.

Do you do this before everything, you know, as to not ruin the vibe?

I mean, I try to do it right before.

And then usually I process everything while people are bugging out tripping.

So you don't trip?

You just get them to trip.

Yeah.

I can't trip anymore.

Okay.

Really? It doesn't affect you or?

It doesn't even work on me.

Oh, really?

No, I take a little sip just to prove people I didn't put, you know, poison in it.

That must be a big part of the tripping experience.

Making sure that it's almost like a poison taster kind of situation.

It's a huge part of it, Scott.

Yeah.

It's like 90% of it.

It's just making people comfortable.

There's no poison.

You're not a weirdo.

There's no poison.

You may live in an ocular, circular house.

Don't park in the driveway.

Well, yeah, cause that's circular too, I would imagine.

Yeah.

And I can't.

They just keep going around and around and around.

Yeah.

People do that all the time.

They get stuck in the driveway, just going around and around and around.

And my stepson has his bike back there.

Oh no.

Really?

Yeah.

That's an awful place for him to keep his bike, dude.

Oh, do you say bike or backpack?

Both.

He keeps both of them there?

He's got a bike that folds up into a backpack.

Whoa, it's like a transformer?

Holy shit, that kid's getting wedgies at school.

Yeah.

That's fucking awesome though.

Yeah, it's awesome cause we're adults.

That shit gets roasted.

Wouldn't that be great?

Like, okay, school, you hear the final bell, whatever period, your seventh period or whatever, you take off your backpack and you go, and you just like flip it out into a bike.

You hop on, you go, later assholes.

Yeah.

It's cool as hell.

I think he gets bullied mercilessly at school.

That's too bad.

I think it's cool.

Kids will pick on you for anything.

I would love to talk to your son and tell him.

My stepson?

25.

And you are 30 years old.

That's rough.

Why is he so old and still going to school?

How old's your partner?

What school?

What are you talking, night school?

Yeah, he's going to night school.

Okay.

It is night school.

He wants to go to medieval times and be one of those guys.

Time traveling?

He wants to be at time traveling?

I mean, the next best thing, get a job at the restaurant.

Oh, okay.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

So what kind of school is he going to?

Jousting school or whatever?

Yeah, they have a jousting program and he's part of that.

Oh, okay.

So he takes his bike to that.

I can understand then the backpack with the bicycle, that's less cool.

Because those guys are on horses.

Yeah, and the other guys in that course would be really cool guys.

Yeah, yeah.

So he doesn't sound as cool.

So he gets bullied by all his fellow medieval times majors?

That's right.

Like the knights.

Those guys are pretty brutal.

Those knights can be mean.

That's rough.

Can I ask about the power dynamic between you and your stepson?

Because you're five years older?

That's right, yeah.

Yeah, what is our power?

I know she didn't ask an actual question.

She just asked if she could ask a question.

So it's very confusing.

Wait, I thought you were asking me?

No, I'm pointing it here.

Okay, because I don't have a stepson.

Our power dynamic.

I can see what I'm pointing at.

Yeah.

Well, my stepson...

I'll open my eyes.

I'll keep my...

I'm sorry, I'll keep my eyes open from here on out so I know who you're pointing to.

Okay, yeah.

My glasses are so dark.

They look it.

You couldn't be a serial killer though, because you have...

Yeah, there's no way I could be a serial killer.

You think that Unabomber with those dark glasses, you think those were prescription?

Those were scripts, yeah.

Yeah.

Yeah, you can tell.

The hood was too.

Oh, really?

Yeah, prescription for damage?

Yeah, he had like terrible lice and the sun activated the lice.

Oh, interesting.

There was solar powered lice.

Oh, wow.

Go on.

Power dynamic.

Power dynamic with me and my kid.

What is it?

Oh, he's super powerful.

So wait, you're under him?

Yeah.

You're beta to him?

You're bottoming him?

I bottom him.

How long have you been his stepfather for?

Me?

Yeah, you don't have to clarify every time you're asked a question.

I thought you were talking to me.

Okay, look, everyone, whenever we ask a question, please address the person by name so they don't have to clarify.

Okay.

Your name's Chuck?

My name is Chuck Platter.

Chuck.

How long have you been your stepson's stepfather?

That's a great question.

Okay, you're just talking in a different way.

No one comment on the quality of question.

No one clarify as to who we're talking to.

Let's just be clear as day.

Okay, yeah.

Answers only.

Okay, I've been my stepson and me.

It's not that hard.

I think it's been 15 years now.

15 years?

Since you were 15 and he was 10.

15 years.

Wait, when 9-11 was 2001.

Yeah, it was on September 11th.

That was 18 years ago.

18 years.

All right, yeah, it's been 18 years.

So wait, you track that by it was three years after 9-11?

Yeah.

Why?

Because you had a conversation about, I can't believe it's been three years since 9-11?

When you first met him?

I remember we were watching football.

And how did you get into a marriage at the age of?

You're the football situation.

Who is everyone talking to?

Okay, sorry, Chuck.

I want to hear about the football situation.

You were watching football and what happened?

We were watching football and I was like, wait, what day is today?

He said Sunday.

Yeah, and I said, all right.

And I said, wait a second.

What about the date?

And then he told me the date and then I kind of pieced it together that way.

He told you the date, which in 2004, if it was a Sunday, that would have been, if I'm doing my calculations right, that probably would have been September 12th.

Was it?

Yeah.

Oh, maybe we were watching College Ball.

Oh, okay.

That's probably, that was in September 11th.

Yeah.

We were watching College Ball.

Really?

It's all coming back to me.

Me and my stepson, he keeps me in a box.

What does that mean?

The box?

Any of it.

Chuck, what does any of that mean?

Well, my son is a powerful kid and he will put me in a little, I think it's a magician's tank.

A tank?

Oh, he like a water tank?

He prestigious you?

He prestigious me.

So he doesn't profit you, remember that show, Profit with Adrian, uh, nevermind.

I can't forget it.

Yeah.

With Adrian Grenier?

No, not Grenier.

Not Brody?

Not Brody either.

The guy from Heroes and the guy from Agents of Shield.

Anyway, Profit, great show.

At the end of the, not to spoil it, the end of the pilot, he's a businessman who fucks everyone over, but he grew up on the streets or something.

So at the end of the episode, he takes off all of his clothes and he climbs into a cardboard box where he's comfortable sleeping.

Cause that's how he grew up.

Adrian Balboa.

Not Balboa.

Who's the Adrian from Highlander, the series?

Oh, I forget.

He was great.

Oh man.

I see him every time I drink ayahuasca.

Are we trying to think of the name Rutger Hauer?

No.

Okay.

What the fuck?

Just took a stab.

The blind samurai guy?

I thought that was the Adrian we were trying to think of.

I tried to look up Adrian and Profit and it said, did you mean African Profit?

Oh, say yes.

Improv rules.

And I guess so, Profit Bushiri is who all the results have come from.

So to answer Chuck's question for him, Profit Bushiri.

Profit Bushiri.

So now, so, so you, so, okay.

Me?

Thanks.

He puts you in a magician's box.

Do you disappear?

Do you, have you figured out the secrets behind these magic tricks or what exactly is going on?

It's so hard to crack.

I've watched so many YouTube videos trying to figure out how to escape.

I keep watching YouTube videos trying to figure out how to escape.

And it is impossible to get through those ads.

What are the, oh, the, so you watch like two escape videos and the third one is about ethnic cleansing.

Yeah.

Puts me down all these rabbit holes.

I don't want to go.

How to use magic to scare minorities and shit.

Suddenly you're like, you're watching Jordan Peterson videos.

I know.

Owen Benjamin shouting about whatever.

Yeah.

But you know, flip side did get me into being a shaman.

A stepdad.

So you went from magicians or ersatz magicians assistant into shamanism.

That's right.

A non-consensual magicians assistant.

I was by force a magicians assistant.

All right.

That's kind of hot.

I'm just gonna do it.

Under duress.

Cause if you're a stepdad, so there's no blood.

Like pay, like the front page of every porn site.

Right.

Yeah.

It wasn't sexual, but that is true.

It is for me in my head.

I'm sorry.

So is this every night he puts you in this or is this right when you get home?

It's like you're 15 or 12.

Yeah.

You're 15.

No, he's 15.

And his stepson is 10.

Yeah.

He's 10.

When they, when they establish this.

So you got married to a, getting back to your question, Stanley, you got married to your wife at the age of 15.

Tell us about her.

Were you talking to me?

I, I never got married.

My wife.

Sorry, Chuck.

You got married to your wife when you were 15.

And she had a 10 year old child.

How old was she?

That's right.

Oh, she was, I think 30.

She was 30 and now she's 45.

She's going to kill me for telling you guys this.

Oh, we won't, we won't.

She's going to say in her age on 40.

So she's 20 years older.

That's the age gap.

And how much does she weigh?

She, oh, she's going to hate that I bring this up.

Why did you bring it up?

She's going to hate that I tell you guys this.

I'm trying to get a good visual here.

But she's been a stable 180 for the, our whole relationship.

45, 180 pounds.

How tall are we talking?

Chuck.

Five, two.

180.

Petite.

That's yeah.

Petite.

Well, petite on the height.

Definitely.

Petite on the height.

Yeah.

From behind, does she look like a child?

And do you like it?

Oh, that's for me?

That's for you.

Okay.

It depends what kind of outfit she's got on.

What about child Navy?

This is still unlikely, but the biological father of the son, was it a rabbit worker race?

Remember?

Probably not.

And I'm hoping not.

This is a strange question, Stanley.

Kid's got whiskers.

He's got long whiskers.

Sure.

All right.

Long whisk.

Well, I got the longest whiskers I've ever seen in my goddamn life.

At this point, he's 20 years old.

Yeah.

So what does he look like?

One of the ZZ Top boys or what are we talking about?

He looks like, yeah, I don't know which one's which, but the ZZ Top boy with the bigger beard.

The bigger beard, ZZ.

Okay.

So Dusty or whatever.

That's Ronald ZZ.

He looks like Dusty.

Right.

It's Steve Renizizi.

Speaking of 9-11.

Oh, RIP.

He died in 9-11, didn't he?

Yeah.

Well, that's what he keeps telling everyone.

So wow.

So you're put in a box right when you get home or Chuck?

Yeah.

That's for me.

I'll cover this one, guys.

When we're watching college ball, he usually throws me in the box.

Only when you're watching college ball.

So you get a good like eight months off or?

I get it.

Yeah, that's the season's eight months.

So I'll be in the box.

I do have Wi-Fi.

You have Wi-Fi in the box?

I got Wi-Fi in there.

Can you see out of the box from inside the box?

I can see.

Okay.

Oh, yeah.

I can see through the keyhole.

Okay.

Oh, okay.

Chuck, this is like a human veal type situation, you think?

Okay.

Wow.

You're right.

He was making me human veal.

Because your growth is what your head is completely normal size, but you have a little tiny body.

Your body looks so tender.

My body is all just soft tissue.

Wow.

Can I ask you a question, Chuck?

Chuck, was there a specific Wi-Fi password for the box that was different than the house's Wi-Fi?

That's right.

Yeah, I had my own.

Wait a minute, Chuck.

How did he set up such discrete zones for separate Wi-Fi?

That's what you're saying.

That a certain Wi-Fi password didn't work inside the box, but then a different one.

I mean, Chuck, be honest.

Was it like a micro cell?

It just depends what the box is made of.

Yeah.

Chuck, what was the box made of?

What was this router made of that allowed such discretely defined zones?

If the box is a traditional magician's box, it's made out of iron, cast iron, something like that, which would be difficult to get a signal outside, right?

Of course.

So you would have had to have set up a separate Wi-Fi inside that box.

It's a lead-lined steel box.

Lead-lined and steel box.

Wow.

That is rough.

Okay.

How big is the box, Chuck?

The box is...

And please answer in a complete sentence.

And don't say the box.

Or how big is it?

Just tell us how big...

What's in the box?

Okay, let me tell you guys about the dimensions of this box.

Okay.

You don't need to hype it up so much.

You can just tell us.

Man, this sucker is small.

Really?

It's tiny.

How small is it?

Now take a look at Stanley's penis over here.

Is it that small?

I didn't even realize it was that big.

He's had it out for a while.

My apologies.

Those balls are big.

Thank you.

I mean, I guess.

So what does it compare to that?

Compared to that, it...

Claudia didn't sign the document about Harrison, just so we know.

Claudia, I'm so sorry.

I opted out of harassment.

I welcomed it.

I'm gonna put this away.

I accept it.

I can't see.

Oh, good.

I recognize your eyes still are fine.

My eyes are sore and also it's very good.

Is the box about 400 of those, would you say?

Yeah, it's like maybe 350 tiny of your little, little penis.

Okay, stacked up in box-like dimensions.

Stacked up, cubic.

Yeah.

Oh, it's a cube.

That's gonna save time.

Chuck, it is a cube?

It is indeed a cube.

The box we're talking about.

Okay.

And are you trying to fit your entire body into the box or are there arm holes, Chuck?

I've been imagining the whole body inside the box.

He butters me up and squeezes me.

Chuck?

That's right.

My stepson, he's lubes me, squeezes me in the box.

I will be in there.

Chuck, what is your stepson's name?

Oh, my stepson?

No, you knew that he was asking you.

Okay, yeah.

Chuck?

Only answers, Chuck.

In my defense, I kind of forgot what everybody's name was and I was just confident there was another Chuck.

Okay, I'll accept that once.

But from this moment on, there's a Chet in a letter.

Acorn Chet.

Okay.

Which is aggressive, but my name is Stanley.

Yeah.

Okay.

My stepson's name is Gilbert.

Oh, what a little cutie.

He's a little cutie, man.

That's a beta name for an alpha.

He does sound like a magician.

Yeah.

Did it?

Where did he, Chuck?

Where did Gilbert obtain this magician's box?

Is he a magician or is he, did he get it at a garage sale?

Where exactly did he get it?

Yeah, he got it at a garage sale.

Really?

From a magician?

Yeah, it was a magician was, I guess he was like hitting a bad streak and selling all the stuff.

Whenever I go to a garage sale, all the magician boxes are gone, gone, gone, baby.

Yeah, who are you talking to?

Who are you talking to right now?

Chuck.

Actually, that's for everyone to the room.

I have trouble buying magician boxes at garage sales cause I get there a little late.

Are you in the market for once, Stanley?

I am.

To the room, not enough people sell underwear at these garage sales anymore.

I used to be able to scoop up a couple of pairs of boxes.

To the room, to the room.

I hate it when people overpriced stuff they should know is not valuable.

Like old, like National Geographics that are beat up and they're selling them for like a buck apiece.

They're just too attached to the room, nobody's selling good shampoos at garage sales anymore.

So Chuck, is that why you bought that dog shampoo?

Because you thought, Hey, if it works on a dog, it'll just work on you.

I have dog hair.

Chuck, I wasn't yet.

I didn't want to say anything.

I have poodle.

Yeah, I have, I, I lost my hair in an accident.

Oh no, what accident Chuck?

The accident.

Let me tell you about it.

Yes, please.

Chuck.

That's why I asked you.

I was the manager at a Pizza Hut.

Congrats.

And thank you so much.

Yeah, that was a bit of a- Regional manager Chuck or?

Regional manager.

Wow.

Yeah, that's a lot of responsibility.

It's a lot of responsibility.

These are important follow ups.

A lot of pizza.

I had a lot of Pizza Huts dependent on me in East Texas.

Chuck, do you find it difficult to not consume too many carbs at a job like that?

It's impossible.

Thank you.

Chuck, would they give you free pizzas?

Well, that's kind of how I lost the job.

I was skipping the pizzas.

You didn't lose it in the accident, Chuck?

I didn't lose it in the job.

The accident bought me another couple months.

They couldn't fire, Chuck, they couldn't fire you after you had that shit happen.

Like once you lost all your hair.

How does it- They couldn't fire me.

Yeah.

What was the accident, Chuck, if you don't mind?

Oh, hot sauce scalded my head.

Oh, sauce will do that shit too.

Sunday gravy, hot that shit done.

Chuck, how did the sauce get upon your head, if I may ask?

I was sipping it and somebody spooked me.

Oh, no.

Was it the month that we're currently in, but in that year, October?

The spookiest month of all?

It was indeed the spookiest month.

I got tired listening to that question.

There's three predicates.

I want to be clear.

Geno?

Chuck gets very- Yeah, that was an impressive parsing of a sentence.

Thank you.

Stanley.

I was trying to read your name tag, but I just kept seeing tiny, tiny peanuts.

Well, I wrote it larger.

Well, look, Chuck- To the room?

Yes, Chuck.

Man, this water's good.

You're welcome, Chuck.

I agree.

It's lovely to the room.

Well, Chuck, I don't know where we landed on your shamanism.

Did we talk about it enough?

Or because I feel like we're running out of time here.

Did you get it off your chest, Chuck?

Not really, but I feel pretty damn good about it.

Claudia's asking about the hair on your chest in that accident.

Did I get that off- It scalded the hair off your chest as well, Chuck.

It did.

You have rabid hair down there.

I was completely hairless.

And now you have dog hair on your chest.

So I have dog hair.

I have a lot of dog hair on my chest.

It's still not really on my head at all, but I had them transfer- A lot of people would say, like, why bother putting hair back on the chest?

Just go clean-shaven on the chest.

But you really want to replicate the hair that you have.

It's a big part of my personality is my chest hair.

That, instead of quite curly and white, I can see poking out of your shirt.

Yeah, it's a transplant from a white poodle.

Right.

You look like an old man below the neck with that white curly chest hair.

Yeah, I have a tiny little body with...

It's all soft tissue and just white chest hair.

Yeah, you look like Alec Baldwin and it's complicated.

Yeah, or that- I get that all the time.

Or Steve Martin is complicated.

Neither one.

A lot of great chest hair.

But Alec Baldwin's the only one who's got his schwanz out.

To the room, does anybody remember the NBA commentator with the white curly hair?

No.

Okay.

Okay, so to the room other than Claudia, does anyone remember that?

No.

Okay, to the room other than Gino and Claudia, does anyone remember that NBA commentator?

I can't remember.

Well, me?

I don't.

We're running out of options here because I don't remember it either.

All right, no one does.

All right.

I'm gonna find out.

Well, look, we're- He was an African prophet?

We're running out of time here on this show.

Thank fucking god.

Really?

This one's been excruciating for you?

No, no, no, it's been great, but I just thank god we're finally running out of time.

Well, yeah, of course.

I've been playing- Because we have to get Claudia to a field.

Yeah, I know, you're running out of time here.

We only have one final feature on the show.

That's a little something called Plugs.

♪ Ring up the plug, ring up the plug, ring up the plug bag ♪ Hey, that was Psychedelic Plug Bag by the Monkberries.

How did that make you feel there, Chuck?

I feel titillated.

You do? Really?

Oh, man, that opened up my eyes.

I loved it.

I got taken away.

Okay.

And I need a copy of that.

Oh, yeah, definitely.

You gotta send me a copy, man.

I'll send you a vinyl copy of it.

Oh, I will.

I'll get to a pressing.

Oh, yeah.

I want it nice and warm and fill my place.

The pop scene.

You should release an album of all the Plug Bag songs.

Oh, definitely.

We're definitely going to do that.

All right.

What do we want to plug?

Geno, of course, you have your own show, the Geno Lombardo Show.

I have the Geno Lombardo Show on Stitcher Premium.

Promo Code Geno.

A lot of great guests.

It's just me doing Drive Time Radio, and somehow the producers get it to be on this.

And this comes out once a week or what?

Yeah, it's every day for two weeks, but somehow it comes out once a week for 10 weeks.

Oh, interesting.

Yeah, I don't get the...

There's something in the translation from Terrestrial Radio to...

Fuck, what's the word?

Podcasts.

Yeah, iPod Broadcasting.

iPod Broadcasting.

And when you get to that, it kind of gets a little tweaked.

Yeah, yeah.

But get there, Stitcher Premium, and I don't know how it works.

Pay for this content.

Sure.

Sounds the same to me.

Yeah, it's crazy.

Well, that's wonderful, and I'm so happy I could be on the show.

I don't know when mine is released, but...

We're still on the fence.

Are you going to release it?

We're still on the fence about the Scott one.

Oh, really?

Yeah.

OK, I understand.

Yeah, because you mentioned a lot of fucked up shit that actually did happen.

So yeah, it was like one of those coincidental things like, wow, it's a lot of stuff about Hillary Clinton and, you know, turns out you were all right.

Hey, I don't remember any of these shows.

Cutting room floor, Achmed.

That's what they call me.

All right, Claudia, what do you want to plug here?

OK, here we go.

Here we go.

She's pulling out a huge list.

That's almost as long as your letter from Acorn Chet.

Lots of different people asked me to mention stuff.

Oh, OK.

Yeah, I get it.

Everything that's coming out of this is just like every movie.

There is a movie called The Festival that will be in cinemas.

Select cinemas.

Not every cinema.

That's how you know it's good.

Find it.

Yeah, the really good ones just get in some cinemas.

Yeah, so you got to work a little bit.

Work for it.

That's going to be...

It's called The Festival.

Are you worried that people are going to maybe think that they're seeing a band called, you know, Movie at a festival?

Yeah, really dumb people might.

Yeah, they might.

It might be like chock full of white chicks and big hats and cultural appropriation.

It is.

It's about a music festival.

Oh, it is.

OK, now why are you plugging this movie?

Oh, I'm in it.

Oh, you're in it?

Oh, yeah.

Are you playing an adult in it?

I played an adult wearing overalls.

Oh, OK.

So every time you turn away from the camera, it gets a little confusing?

Yeah, it gets confusing.

We should mention that you I mean, you have a side hustle as an actress occasionally.

Yeah, I win competitions to go in movies.

Yeah, right.

So I've got a couple more.

Oh, you do?

OK, so you won other competitions.

OK, what do you have?

Another movie called Extraordinary that comes out in the UK on the 25th of October.

Oh, wow.

So it's a couple of days ago.

Yeah, so it is out as hell.

It's out.

It's a great Halloween choice.

Yeah.

You want to do a thematic choice.

And then on YouTube, there's a web series called Sarah's Channel.

Sarah's Channel?

Yeah.

OK.

And you're you're in that as well?

Oh, wonderful.

I won a competition to go in that.

You're one of the luckiest people I've ever met.

Free to go on YouTube.

OK, so not like your stitcher premium thing.

Exactly.

No, yeah.

I highly recommend checking out.

No promo codes required.

Yeah, I think it's easier just to go to the UK to see that movie.

Yeah, and it will come out Extraordinary comes out in America in February.

Oh, wonderful.

I cannot fucking wait.

Wait.

Oh, you have to wait.

Valentine's Day?

It's a good Valentine's Day because it's got lots of ghosts in it.

Oh, it does.

OK, yeah.

I'm always given promo codes at the movie theater.

Yes.

Oh, well, the promo code for those movies is one ticket, please.

Oh, OK.

And then pay for price.

They'll give you a special price for that.

A special price.

Full price.

The same as, just say one ticket, please.

One ticket, please.

But get everyone to say it.

Got it.

Who's there?

Got it.

Stanley, what do you want to plug?

I want to plug a podcast I've been hooked on called Screw It.

We're just going to talk about comics.

It's a really rare thing where two middle-aged dudes talk about comic books they loved as kids, their brothers.

And that's the podcast I'd like to promote.

I love it.

It's called Screw It.

We're just going to talk about comics.

It's from the family of the Screw It podcast, right?

The media empire.

The Beatles.

Screw It.

We're just talking about Spider-Man.

That's right.

Are there going to be other Screw It podcasts coming up on other subjects?

I'm sure there will be.

You've got Conan O'Brien and Will Ferrell signed up for those, right?

Yeah, yeah.

But they're going to be doing home improvement, like Screw It kind of things.

I'm having Conan O'Brien talk exclusively about hardware.

Great.

And Will Ferrell's only going to be talking about fasteners.

Right.

You're me in the shade, brother.

Yep.

That's me.

Is there a name for the straight screwdriver that's not Phillips?

A slot.

They call it a flathead.

A stick.

We don't say straight anymore.

Everything's a spectrum.

Yeah.

There's the straight one and then the Phillips head's the gay one.

Okay.

I don't know about that.

Because you gave Phillip head.

Also, the NBA announcer I was trying to think of was Hubie Brown.

Oh, very good.

Thank you so much, Stanley.

Oh, thank you so much.

That's what my chest hair looks like?

No, Chuck.

Chuck.

Okay.

Speaking of whom, Chuck, what do you want to plug?

Me?

Yes, Chuck.

You look like a deer in the headlights right now.

Well, you really put me on the spot here, Scott.

Don't plug anything, though.

I'm out of freaking nowhere.

We're talking about...

What was coming to you?

No, I had no freaking clue, man.

You freaking do this to me like that?

Sorry, bro.

You embarrass me on your podcast?

I don't mean to embarrass you.

It's your opportunity to advertise anything for free.

Just out of the blue.

I beg your pardon.

I didn't mean to upset you nor shock you nor upset you.

Uh, yeah, no, it's okay.

Do you have anything?

Yeah, I've been going to ski school.

Oh, and as an instructor or...

I'm a student.

You're a student.

Yeah, and I love it.

What was the first daylight?

I love it.

It's a little off season, isn't it?

It's very hot.

And I gotta tell you guys, check this place out.

Okay.

It's killer. You find it in the notes after the show.

Okay, great.

You sure you don't want to plug any other podcast?

Well, possibly with middle-aged people talking about some pedantic bullshit.

I've been listening to this podcast called Action Boys, and it's got these three crazy guys.

That's good. Go back to the ski school.

Okay.

Okay, with pleasure.

This is something I can sign up for?

You can sign up.

How do you learn?

Are you going down dirt hills right now?

I'm not at hills yet.

Yeah, there's no snow.

So what, are you just walking around on skis?

It's an old theory at the moment.

The first two years of classrooms.

Yeah, diagrams, visualization.

Yeah, it's a lot of mental visualizations.

You wear the gear, you think about it.

It must get some sweltering wearing that gear.

It's just so damn hot.

And that's why I appreciate having a podcast like Action Boys to listen to.

They allow you to listen to podcasts.

Yeah, the ski lift ride is so long.

Where's it going from?

So you're allowed to go on the ski lift, but not onto the hill.

Not yet.

You got to take the ski lift back once they drop you off?

Yeah, you take it up and down.

And sometimes you go all the way around.

Yeah.

This sounds like a dance.

You float up, you go up, you go down.

Sometimes you go all the way around.

Hey, let's do that, man.

All right.

I see dollar bills, Scott.

You mean record it or just dance?

No, man.

Let's let's.

Are you visualizing it?

The floss is done.

The floss is over.

Everybody knows the floss is over.

We need a new dance.

And let's throw this in the plug bin, man.

What would we call it?

Right now we just have the steps.

I feel like it needs a catchy name.

The ski lift.

Do the ski lift.

You go up, you go down.

Sometimes you go all the way around.

Do you need a ski lift to do it?

Yeah, I guess.

Yeah.

Do you probably do need a ski lift to do it?

At least for the video.

I also don't like my dance rules being so arbitrary.

Sometimes you go all the way around.

Just tell me what to do.

I need instructions.

I'm doing a step by step dance.

I want it laid out.

A little bit of mystery.

A little bit of.

Well, in the hokey pokey, you're either shaking it all about or you're not.

And it's clear when that happens.

Yeah, but wouldn't the hokey pokey benefit from just a little bit of mystery?

I don't think so.

The hokey pokey, we love it because it's like, it's very exacting.

Yeah, regimented.

Yeah.

You put put whatever in.

Do whatever you want.

Well, I've heard this before.

All right.

I want to plug.

Hey, we just got done.

Great.

Thank you.

We just got done with some of the dates.

And episode.

Oh no, not yet.

We just got done with some of the dates on the Comedy Bang Bang tour.

We still have some coming up.

We have November 8th in New York City as part of the New York Comedy Festival.

Oh, that would be perfect to bring me to.

Oh, you never know.

November 11th, we are in Philadelphia and November 12th, we're in Washington, D.C.

Oh, I'm actually free those days.

Oh, you are.

All of those are with Paul F.

Tompkins and Lauren Lapkus.

And you can still watch the Between Two Ferns movie.

It's still out there on Netflix.

All right, let's close up the old plug bag.

Close your eyes and open up that bag.

That's Sonic singing, right?

Is that Sonic the Hedgehog singing?

That's Sonic, yeah.

Get up, get up, don't be closing, don't be closing.

Open up and let's get loaded.

Let's get loaded, open up the bag.

Open up the bag, let's get loaded, open up the bag.

Open up the bag, open up the bag.

That was a great song.

Yeah.

That is pretty good.

That's a really good song.

I did not like that.

I don't know about that song.

No takers?

OK.

All right.

We don't need it to be longer.

Guys, I want to thank you so much for being on the show.

Gino, it's so great to see you.

Great to see you.

You know, you didn't plug any of the, you released in some of those behind the scenes interviews with the celebs from Between Two Ferns and it's great.

Oh, thank you.

I don't know whether you're being sarcastic or not.

What does it matter?

As long as these assholes watch it, right?

OK, yeah.

All right.

Who cares if you're being sarcastic?

Yeah, they're all out.

Gino, great to see you.

Claudia, please win another contest a little sooner next time.

Thank you so much.

I've got to run the plane.

Yeah, you do.

Oh my God.

Holy shit.

Sorry.

You just turned around and I saw it.

I saw it right there.

Oh my God.

You're like a little child.

I am aroused.

Oh no, you're saying like the little child.

OK.

Stanley.

Thanks for having me though.

Bye.

Please come back and tell us about the physical therapy next time.

I promise.

Have that loaded up right from the start next time.

OK.

Don't go off on tangents.

I won't.

It's my fault.

My fault.

That was your fault.

Say what you want to say.

I finished that drawing.

That is accurate.

Thank you so much.

I'm talking to you now.

Oh, hey.

Hey.

Hey, Chuck.

Right over here.

Over here.

Scott Aukerman from Comedy Bang Bang.

My glasses are so damn dark.

I tell you, I've not been able to get a read on your eyes this entire time.

I know.

I can't.

Like the doctor told me the same thing.

Really?

Yeah.

Did he ask you to take them off?

Well, I kept them on during the test and it was a bad idea.

I should have taken them off.

I got to get a second opinion.

I think I'm fully blind.

Get the first opinion.

Just take them off.

Yeah.

I think I'm.

Take them off.

Chuck.

All right.

Take them off.

So you want me to put mine back on?

Yeah.

Everyone put your glasses back on except for Chuck.

And I'm the one taking them off.

Wait, this is a dance.

Everyone take your glasses off except for Chuck.

Oh, man.

Let's do this.

I'm seeing dollar signs.

OK.

I think it's just you're blind and you're wearing these glasses.

If I take my glasses off, my eyes are so small.

Let's see.

We want to see your eyes.

Don't be shy.

Let's see your eyes.

OK.

You guys are going to freak out.

No, we're not.

I don't think so.

No, I've seen small eyes before.

Well, these are like little pin pricks.

No, they're not.

I'm sure they're fine.

Just take it off.

All right.

Here you go.

Ah!

God!

Ah!

Kill it!

Are you guys screaming at me?

No, they're fine.

Sorry, Chuck.

It's fucking disgusting.

All right.

We'll see you next time.

Thanks.

Bye.

Heroes!

The End.

you Thank you.
