♪ Comedy Bang Bang ♪ You can't beat your meat on Sesame Street.

Come on Grover, we've been over this.

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

Ah.

And thank you to El Chico Malo, the bad, bad boy for that wonderful catchphrase submission.

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang for another, not only another week, but another month.

Ooh, November.

Navi Doggy is upon us, of course.

And last, yesterday, we got an extra hour.

So I expect all of you to finish this episode since you have so much time.

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang for another week.

My name is Scott Aukerman.

I'm your host.

Coming up a little later, we have an entrepreneur.

Wow!

This is amazing.

Another entrepreneur on the show.

Someone starting their own business.

Hope they head over to squarespace.com to sell products of any kind, of course.

And we also have the fourth Jonas brother.

Leonard Jonas will be with us.

That's exciting.

Okay, well, that will be coming up a little later, but I have to say, I did not want to let the calendar nor the fiscal year go by without inviting our first guest back to the program to give us an update.

A few months back, he was here to plug something essential.

And that was, he was going to be doing, I believe it was between 10 and 15 minutes opening for a comedian in Nebraska.

And I wanted an update on this to see how it came out, see how, if the CBB bump actually affected the performance, if people came to watch.

Also, we'll talk about the tour that he anticipated going on to Johnny Carson's childhood home.

We'll be talking about that.

He is a comedian.

He has, as far as I'm concerned, about 15 minutes up on Netflix currently, which is about maybe five more than you did opening for the comedian in question.

And I don't remember what that special is called, but you can look his name up and I'm sure it'll pop up.

Please welcome Max Elvestri.

Hello.

Hi, Scott.

Thank you so much for finally letting me back on my own time.

I mean, you had reached out to me about this.

Yes, I wanted an immediate update.

And I said I wasn't ready.

You weren't prepared.

I was, I was like, look, a lot happened.

A lot of it's very interesting, very funny, concise, a lot of good sound bites, takeaways.

It'd be great to come right back on and talk about it.

But I emotionally wasn't there in August.

I understand.

And it was August.

It was at the beginning of August that we last talked to you?

I think so, yeah.

Yeah.

I mean, I went into just kind of, I went off the grid for a little bit after.

Hibernation mode.

Exactly.

You know, I turned my phone face down in the bottom of a tub filled with water.

Really?

Yeah, even if it does light up, I can't see it.

Strangely, if it somehow were working, you did not want the distraction.

Exactly.

And if it were to work, I would have the lights off in the bathroom and be kind of spooky.

Are you in the tub at the time?

I'm sitting on the toilet, but the toilet's closed.

So I'm just kind of on the edge of the seat.

But I am bottomless.

Okay, Winnie the Pooh style.

I say Donald Duck, but that's fine.

Okay, sure.

Actually, in my spas- It's a reasonable difference.

I think west of the Mississippi, we say Winnie the Pooh.

Like Winnie the Pooh puts Duke's mayonnaise on his butt if you're down south.

Donald Duck puts best foods.

Yeah, okay.

But yeah, so I would- Carl's two of your hearties.

All of the above.

But so I was at the, I was doing between first a 10 minute set and then I think almost a 20 minute set.

You did almost a 20 minute set?

Yeah, so- Let's back up just a little bit because we're jumping, we're diving in too deep at this point.

We're getting too into it at this point.

I know, I know.

You went to a festival called the Nebraska Comedy Festival.

I'm just guessing.

The Great American Comedy Festival.

Oh, that's right.

And we talked about it.

We could not ascertain whether it was a comedy festival that was great or whether it was a comedy festival that booked great Americans.

Right, or if it was for great Americans, there was a little bit of an energy of like welcome to real America.

You're in Lincoln.

This is where true great Americans- Did you ever find that out?

Was that ever explained to you?

I mean, I certainly found the energy once I was there to be that the greatest American was Johnny Carson.

And this festival which took place in his hometown was in celebration of him.

This is Lincoln, Nebraska?

Lincoln, Nebraska.

Now I believe- No, not Lincoln.

It was in- Where is this?

Because Lincoln, Nebraska is where- Lincoln's a cool town, yeah.

Is where the movie that the dawn and- Dawn of the Dead?

Dawn of the Dead is set in, no.

Where's this?

The Greener Grass.

Greener Grass, oh, the cool, the hot new UCB movie.

Greener Grass is playing in Lincoln, Nebraska.

I hope that it's been sold out every single performance.

I guess showing would be more accurate.

They don't actually perform these movies every single time they do them.

I think they have a live score.

Yeah, I think every showing of it has like an orchestra.

I would love it if Greener Grass got some sort of Rocky Horror element to it where people were performing it down below.

Costumes, people really got braces just for the showing and then removed them off.

Oh, that's a spoiler right there, the braces.

I would not allow them to say that on the show.

So, but- It's a small town in Nebraska.

Small town in Nebraska.

Johnny Carson's home town.

Home town, a town he had not lived in and never moved back to.

This is, I thought maybe this is where he'd gone to retire.

You know, like this was like- No, he retired, I believe, in Malibu with his fifth very young wife.

Sure, sure.

Taking a lot of pictures, looking incredibly elderly and her looking incredibly young.

Right, looking at her watch in the photos as implying that the watch was set up to when he would die, yeah.

Holding up a will, shaking it into the camera.

Yeah, her days are filled helping him sign things and avoiding the questions he has about what they are.

Trying to make sure he doesn't have carpal tunnel as she moves his elbow and hand to affix his signature.

An auto pen system, just 90 pens in a vertical line.

But so this festival, I thought it was like that the town's people, basically the whole town and the people throwing the festival, very, very obsessed with their connection to Johnny Carson's legacy.

To Johnny Carson, he grew up there.

He grew up there.

He played drums there, he learned magic there.

Exactly, this is where the love of trickery and rhythm began and he made a documentary in the 80s.

Was it called Johnny Carson, Trickery and Rhythm?

I wish.

That's a wonderful title that we somehow stumbled on that we're not doing anything with yet.

It feels really good in your mouth to say.

Yes, we need to get this going.

I mean, can we take this out so we're not giving away trickery and rhythm?

Yeah, definitely, I'm gonna mail this to the WGA.

This podcast.

I'm just gonna mail a microchip to them containing the, they'll say, what?

Okay, thank you, we'll file it away.

So what the festival seemed to be doing was to get the comics who'd been booked to like Johnny Carson more.

Like it really did seem like the intent of the festival was to remind us of his legacy.

Not the audience, but the comedians.

The audience was fully on board.

Because everyone in town there loves Johnny Carson.

Yes, they have season passes to his childhood home.

Or whatever.

Going every day.

They're going every day.

What if you got season passes to a home and you just live there?

I'm sleeping here tonight, I got a season pass.

You tailgating at your house?

Uh-huh, yeah.

You mean parking the driveway?

Totally.

But so we were told a big part of the experience that was not optional was to get up early the second day of the festival and take a shuttle from the hotel with all the other comics to his house.

So we were expecting kind of like a museum piece.

You were expecting to file through a house that had a lot of displays.

And can I ask, the goal of this festival seemed to, they wanted to increase the comedian's love of Johnny Carson.

Did every comedian have to start at a base level?

Did you have to fill out a quiz, a questionnaire regarding his life?

They really, it's funny, like I don't think I'd ever been asked, so do you, what is your connection to Johnny Carson?

Do you like him, do you not like him?

There were a few older comic headliners that were there that like the reason they love coming back is because they- They revere him.

They revere him.

An opportunity to go to a museum related to him and just watch clips is something they were truly excited to take advantage of.

Like sat on a couch, looked at a TV.

We were like, hello.

They got called over to the couch.

Wow, amazing.

You know, the famous Johnny Carson calls you over, you put on headphones.

You watch clips of him.

And you sit and watch clips.

So the first stop was we had to go to, we all filed into this van.

How early did you get up by the way?

What is early to a Max Silvestri?

I mean, it wasn't early.

Personally for you, you brag about the early bird catching the worm.

I'm always saying that.

Every time I see you, you say it as you enter a room and as you leave, you turn around and say, oh, by the way, remember the early bird catches the worm.

And then you disappear, you giggle and you disappear.

Right, I walk into every meeting saying, sorry if I have gas, I ate a lot of worms today because you idiots were snoozing, but seriously, I apologize for my gas.

It's very offensive, both not only the gas, but what you say to people.

Sure, and you know, I still have, after all these years of saying that, still can't get a read of whether people like knowing I'm gonna fart later in the meeting or it's better to be surprised.

Either way, they're unhappy.

Yes.

So now, but how early is everyone getting up?

I think they asked us to be like out front at like 10, which isn't crazy.

I was fine with it.

But like we had had shows, I think there was like a 10 o'clock show or something the night before.

It felt a little like.

So a lot of people may have gotten to bed at midnight.

Oh my God, I mean, I kinda, oh geez.

I don't know what they were doing to kill the time between 9 p.m. and midnight.

But so we go to a mural.

This is at Johnny Carson's house?

No, there's three stops for the tour.

First stop is a mural and we're let out in a parking lot.

It's, you know how sometimes- This is not a drive by situation.

Oh no, they're like- Look at that mural.

No, it's like, we're here, there you go.

And it's a side of a building.

Okay.

Parking lots- A building related to Johnny Carson?

No, no, no, just a downtown building.

And they'd painted Johnny through the ages.

Through the ages.

So it was kind of a- One through, how old was he?

90, I can't remember.

Every age.

It was really like Zeno's paradox.

They'd cut him into, they'd cut his life into 9 billion little sections and painted it.

It was like a lot of him as a child, because obviously the town is very teen forward.

But then more of him as an old person than you would think.

Right.

Like really it was like one of him at the desk.

Post 80s Johnny Carson a lot.

Getting ointments rubbed on his hands so that he can keep signing.

But they let us out there and we're just like, I'm sure you want to take pictures.

Oh.

And they, did they have a hashtag, an Instagram hashtag they wanted you to post with or?

That would have been a really great idea.

For next year.

Get this hashtag going.

They're still learning, they're still evolving.

Well, when you get started, what do you want the hashtag to be?

We'll pass this on to the festival.

Great, let's say we got Great American, Carson, mural.

Well, the mural is in every stop.

So comedian, comedy, drums, rhythm, no, rhythm and- Trickery and rhythm.

Trickery, yeah.

Trickery and rhythm.

Okay, hashtag trickery and rhythm.

Oh, that's great.

Okay, great.

Keep Johnny's knuckles tender.

Hashtag trickery and rhythm.

Trickery and rhythm.

So we were kind of like pressured into taking photos.

Of the mural or yourself in front of the mural?

Were they offering to hold your camera and take the picture?

They very much said like, we're sure you'd love to take a photo.

Would you like one with all of you?

Oh.

And we're like, I guess we would.

And who are the other comedians involved in this?

Can you name names or would you like to keep all of those details private?

You know, the names of the people there are part of the thing I'm not done processing.

Sure, I understand.

There's Moses Storm of the hit Sunnyside to Hulu transplant.

Sunnyside NBC to Hulu.

I don't know what any of those things that you just said were- Moses Storm, he's on the show Sunnyside.

Okay.

It's odd.

I'll take your word for it.

Okay.

Stop arguing with me.

Wow, I really feel backed into a corner here much like when I agreed to do the Great American Comedy Festival.

So then we went to a museum dedicated to Johnny Carson.

Okay, this is not his home.

This is an entire museum.

The home was the final spot of the morning tour.

The museum we expected to be all Johnny Carson, but in fact it also was a museum about some history of the town.

So the woman who greeted us at the museum was in pilgrim clothes.

Oh, so what are we talking?

The whole bucket hat with the buckle and- Kind of, yeah, she had buckle shoes.

She had buckle shoes.

They love their buckles.

They do, they do.

I mean, if they knew how we were keeping clothes together, I mean, their minds would be blown.

I gotta admit, I have one of those on my belt right now.

A buckle?

A buckle, I do.

And you're wearing track pants.

Which are the newer way to keep clothes.

So it's that you wear a belt over track pants.

They're breakaways too.

You're always on the run.

Always getting heated.

Just like Renny Kravitz.

So yeah, we got a weird tour of an old, like, 17 hundreds house, like a farm house.

What do we got, a butter churn, the rest?

Kind of, yeah, like a small bed because people were smaller then.

People were smaller.

They probably had small closets because they only had two.

Would they alternate outfits, do you think?

That's a good question.

Do they have a party one and a regular one?

I assume they're just doing river laundry naked on their one shirt.

I guess, I wonder if they spend all day tilling the fields.

They come home, strip immediately.

Yeah.

Just take them right off.

God, if they knew about your breakaways, they'd blow their minds.

If only Velcro.

What if Velcro, okay, can you imagine a world if Velcro had been invented in the 1600s?

Oh my God.

Like how different everything would be.

The course of human events would have been irrevocably changed.

Oh my God.

I mean, I feel- Would Columbus have come over?

Who knows?

I mean, he would have been so comfortable in- I know.

Yeah, I mean, I guess he came over before Velcro was invented in that.

In the 1600s.

Even anticipating the imminent- I may have my dates slightly wrong.

I do think that there wouldn't have been pestilence.

Is that a thing that happened?

Yeah.

That was bad at some point?

Yeah.

It's one of the four bad things.

So then we got to the Johnny Carson part, which was a lot of like frightening paper mache sculptures of his head.

Many of his Emmys, which is cool, they had- Oh, that's nice.

They had like an Emmy room.

Oh, that's cool.

So he donated them or did they somehow steal them?

Or were they paper mache replicas?

I assume his wife sold them for cash.

You're not allowed to do that, my dear brother.

Really?

Yeah, you cannot sell Emmys, you can only give them away.

Wow.

I didn't know.

It's like- You have to sell it or you have to give it back.

The Academy gets first refusal.

You have to offer it back to the Academy before you sell it.

And if they say, no, thank you, which they never do.

We have plenty.

We make thousands every year.

We can write whatever we want on them.

We have a lot of funny ones around the office.

But so they must've been donated by the man himself.

That's very cool.

I like that.

You did not know that.

I did not know that.

Oh, look at that.

He's doing a lot of bad impressions of him there.

We all were.

So we got to see the museum and had a lot of clips of Johnny.

And then we went to his childhood home and this felt like kind of what the whole weekend was built around.

Leading up to, yeah.

Is this the last day or did you still have performances that night?

There was a performance that night, but it even felt like the performances were kind of like, yeah, people will comment.

Yeah, the after party.

This is the main event.

We flew you here to see Johnny's home and there was gonna be a lunch there, we were told.

Okay.

Yeah.

So this is crossing over into the afternoon.

It was, I mean, the trip moved at a clip.

Sure.

We weren't in the parking lot that long.

The museum less than an hour.

They gave us a tour of a bunker that was next to the museum in a field.

It really felt so far away from history or Johnny Carson.

They were just like...

Some sort of like Cloverfield type bunker?

Kind of, it was like underneath a mental hospital and was just like, why are we all in here?

It's like where kids used to party in the 70s or something.

So they're luring comedians into a bunker underneath a mental hospital.

Exactly, yes.

Okay.

And so we get to the home and it looks like a, it's not far outside of town.

It looks kind of like a...

It's outside of town.

Or like just outside the little town, main street.

Okay.

So it's right in the middle of town.

It looks like a pretty...

Right in the middle of town now.

So it's either outside or in the very middle, the epicenter of town.

Okay, so as you can see right now, I'm drawing a map of the outline of the town.

I know, I know.

And I even brought it.

That's gonna take forever.

You said before we got a mic, why'd you bring that big pencil?

And I'm like, now you can see.

You can use a regular size pencil to draw something big.

Now I feel like a jerk because I took this on two buses to get here.

Oh geez.

Because you said there was no parking for me today.

Yeah, that's a giant.

Giant thing.

But if you were to bisect this with multiple lines in the center, Okay.

Johnny's house would be not that far.

I hope I will at some point.

Yeah, I mean, I've ruined your whole studio here.

Yeah, this is my weekend.

So it looked like a nice, clean, newish house.

Like it had...

It looked like a new house really?

Yeah, we were a little confused, but we're like, okay, maybe they fixed up the outside.

Okay.

We get inside, there.

Nothing inside, brand new flooring.

There is a 27 inch flat screen mounted in the corner.

Flat screen.

Brand new card tables unfolded with folding chairs.

Unfolded.

And then a like fully brand new kitchen with like steam trays of takeout barbecue that they're setting up.

Okay, so this is where the lunch is taking place?

This is where the lunch is.

Eating is home.

It seems like a great place for a lunch, but it didn't feel like we were stepping into the past.

Yeah, the history of it.

I expected to see like ugly green old couches.

Sure, shag carpet.

Exactly, the playing cards he learned to trick people with before he had rhythm.

The rings that he used to trick people with that trickery.

Because people were obsessed with rings being a part and that to this day.

And what, they're linked together?

Because look, I'm willing to accept a world in which there's rings linked, and I'm willing to accept a world in which I can get individual rings.

But both?

No, no, no, no, no.

I go to different stores for those.

So they eventually show us a documentary that they had bought this house and remodeled it.

The organization that throws the festival bought Johnny's house.

It had other people live in it and they put a totally new finish on it.

Why?

I don't know.

And nothing in there at this point other than card tables.

Folding chairs?

Yeah, and it looked brand new.

Like it looked like a new condo.

Do you think that they're going to event, do they say that they had plans to restore it to its former glory?

You know, there was some like, they tried to recreate some of his childhood bedroom stuff upstairs, but it was also in a newly finished room.

It was a weird role playing situation.

We gotta get HGTV on this.

Have you seen their Brady renovation show?

I've seen the trailer for it.

Huge hit for them.

Go over to Nebraska and do the Carson thing now.

Unflip it, make it history.

Exactly, that's what they did to the Bradys.

And that shows a hit.

They're doing it more other people's houses now.

Yeah, of course they are.

Yeah, do it to this one.

I love it.

And then they showed us, so there's this documentary in the 80s that Carson made that's just him visiting this town and being like, I used to do this here.

I used to do this here.

This is spooky.

This is my childhood bedroom.

Oh my.

Cum splattered sheets.

He called it his stuff actually, the documentary.

This is covered in my stuff.

You know that great white stuff?

Yeah.

So they show us a few minutes of the documentary that's a lot of now.

Were you worried you had to watch the whole thing?

All of us were panicked realizing what this was, that they were just playing DVDs for us and watching our expressions.

They were so excited to show us.

They show us a few minutes of the original, which at least has some value of like, this is Johnny Carson doing this.

But then they made a new documentary that's about, like the people that were throwing this made a new documentary that's interviewing people who were in the original, like people who were like kids.

So this is like a seven up, 14 up, 21 up kind of Michael Apted situation where they're interviewing the participants after several years?

Exactly, but they didn't show us the original.

They only showed us the new one.

So it's like got interviews with people who were in the first one but we hadn't seen it.

In the old one but you had no reference.

Yeah, so it was just like adults filmed less well than in the other one explaining what it was like when they rode a bike with an already old Johnny Carson in the mid 80s.

And was there anything revelatory in these interviews of, had anything happened to them because of this or was it just like, yeah, that was great?

No, it was entirely like, it was really cool that day because a lot of people wanted to ride a bike with him.

And when he picked me, I was so excited that it was me.

I mean, what was revel- When you say riding a bike with someone, what does that mean?

Like two bikes side by side riding together?

No, no, no, there was a Johnny's way of interacting with his people, i.e. a lot of these children and teens was very cozy and grab-assy in a way that I'm sure was innocent and avuncular but now feels weird.

It's a lot of like come up on my lap.

Like that's all the energy.

When you look at old Family Feud episodes and Richard Dawson kissing people right on the mouth, it probably is less controversial than that.

Yes, so like him getting on a child's bicycle.

He gets onto a child's bicycle.

Wait, no, I think they gave him a bike, but he had a teen- They gave him a bike.

I don't know if he got to keep it.

They loaned him a bike.

Okay.

And then he invited a teen girl spectator, a high school girl, to sit on the handlebars on top of it as they rode in circles around the town and like the whole town clapped and took pictures.

Okay.

And he like kept going for a bit.

And she was interviewed.

She was interviewed.

And the first thing she say was no funny stuff happened.

I know you were probably watching that previous documentary thinking.

I mean, well, yeah, yeah.

What would happen when you rode off away from it?

Yeah.

Those cameras turned off or whatever.

No, nothing.

She was like, we just rode the bike more.

But that, yeah, so there was no, and then we ate barbecue.

Okay.

What an update this is so far.

Yeah.

And I know that you are closing strong with the best detail for last.

Yeah.

So then what happened?

And I mean, it really- All stories end with a bang and yours is gonna be no exception.

I mean, your whole ethos of comedy is comedy bang, bang.

It's like you do the funny stuff and then really- Then the bang and then an even bigger bang.

Two shots.

Yes.

The two, and you don't think either of those are my two shots?

You shooting me and you shooting the ground.

Exactly.

So that does explain why I brought a gun here.

And I feel like everyone has been a little uncomfortable in the studio, but it's for the end of the story.

Max, I gotta ask, how was, you performed that night, how was the spot?

Did people come to it?

Were there a lot of fans there saying, hey, I heard you on the show and that's the reason I came?

Yes, there were some, I got the bang bump.

There were some young people who had traveled.

Some people had come in from Lincoln.

Okay.

And they're like, you know, we know your comedy.

We also heard you on bang, bang.

I will say most of the people there were older people who come to that theater every year for this.

And then the highlight was Dave Coulier telling stories about when he did the Tonight Show.

That's right, I forgot that that was whom you were opening for.

Yes, we all, many of us were opening for.

Dave Coulier was needed lots of warmups.

Oh, I see.

Okay.

And he crushed.

He crushed, yeah, I can imagine.

Did he, what happened to it?

Did he do Carson, first of all?

Oh yeah, like people were basically just like, okay, we wanna hear the Full House stories.

Sure, sure, yeah, tell us about Saget, all that kind of stuff.

Exactly.

Get to the Carson impression.

And they weren't like my stories, like amazing, funny, great endings, big punchlines.

They were more like charming stories of how much it meant to him to do the Tonight Show or to be called over, and that's what people wanted.

It was like standing o, tell us warm-hearted stories about our king, the great American.

Maybe he's the great American.

I believe so.

That's where we landed.

Amazing, what a story.

Thank you.

This is incredible.

Thank you so much for coming back and taking us through it.

Thank you for pushing, like pressuring me into sharing these memories that- I could not let 2019 elapse without hearing the end to this, classic tale.

Classic tale, you know, people would, had been begging for the ending.

And even though I kept saying, you know, trauma comes from the Greek word for wound and it's not healed yet.

You pressured, you cajoled, you grabbed my elbow and now I'm here and telling these raw stories.

Do you think that they invite you back after hearing these two appearances?

Had they heard about your first appearance, which predated that, you actually going to the festival?

You know, I will say that the, among the organizers, the comedy bang bang, they weren't up to date on episodes.

Not a lot of awareness, okay.

Not yet, I think they were more like monthly, we get it put on tape and when we take long drives, we'll catch up.

Okay, so by the time next year's festival rolls around next August or so, they may have heard these wonderful, I mean, look, we may be the only podcast talking about this festival.

So any press is good press, am I right?

I feel like we heard of a lot of people in Nebraska after this first episode came out that were like, I had no idea there was a comedy festival here.

I'm not going to go, but it's opening my eyes and I hope.

Somehow that translates into ticket sales at some point, although it seems like they are not doing poorly in that regard.

No, they're doing great.

I would say if you're a young comic listening to this episode, know that if you work sort of hard, one day, a decade and a half into your career, you might get an opportunity to step into a private home.

Wow.

Of one of the greats.

15 years you've been doing comedy and that translated into minutes for your Netflix special and congratulations to that.

Maybe in five years, you'll get a 20 minute special.

If I can use that previous stuff.

What was that called again, by the way?

You need to use the recording of it or you're just going to play it and then step on stage?

If they let me play it, that will save a lot of time.

It's on the comedy lineup.

The comedy lineup, Max Silvestri.

Wonderful having you back.

Can you stick around?

I'm calling you over to the couch now.

Oh my God, this is huge.

If that's okay.

I would love to.

You've been standing the entire time.

I can use this chair.

Yeah, come on.

Come over here and sit down.

We need to go to a break.

When we come back, we have an entrepreneur and the fourth Jonas brother.

What an amazing episode of Comedy Bang Bang this is.

We will be right back with more after this.

Comedy Bang Bang, we're back here.

Max Silvestri is here of, I'm trying to come up with any credit.

An alumnus of the great American Comedy Festival.

I think is how I'd like to be introduced.

Okay.

Have you been in a movie or anything?

I've had some small parts and films.

Which films?

Table 19.

Everyone loves the Anna Kendrick movie, Table 19.

Right, is that a parody of Hey 19, the Steely Dan song?

I don't know, I don't think so.

If it is, it's a loose one, which is my favorite type of parody.

And are you in Big Mouth or were you a writer?

I've been a writer for.

So Big Mouth is out right now.

Yes, the new season.

Wonderful.

I gotta get on that Big Mouth.

They've drawn me into it, but they've never let me be.

I'm one of the cops in it, according to people.

Oh, it does really look like you.

Me and Paul F. Tompkins apparently.

Not your voices, but it is.

Not my voices, yeah.

But they traced you.

And that's legal apparently.

Okay, I'll take it.

Tracing's legal.

We need to get to our next guest, and this is exciting.

I have to, before the break, the fourth Jonas brother, we all know the Jonas brothers, we got of course Joe, Nick, the rest.

And the fourth Jonas brother is here right now.

Let's talk to him.

Please welcome to the show Leonard Jonas.

Thank you so much for having me.

Oh, wow, what a deep voice you have there.

Thank you, thank you.

I've been told that many, many times.

That's a raspy one too, wow.

Hello, my name's Leonard Jonas.

I'm the fourth Jonas brother.

It's very nice to meet you, the fourth Jonas brother.

I did not know, I guess when they hype the Jonas brothers, they don't say the totality of the Jonas brothers.

100% of the Jonas brothers.

Yeah, they, truth in advertising, these are Jonas brothers.

But the the is what throws me, the Jonas brothers.

It's very definitive.

Yeah, it seems like it should be some of the Jonas brothers.

Well, that's father's doing.

Father likes to hide me from the world.

Who's it, what is your father's name again?

Just father.

Just father Jonas.

Father Jonas.

Sure.

Are you younger?

Are you older?

I am the youngest Jonas brother.

Really?

Yes.

Wow, you have such a unique voice that, I don't know why we equate deep voices to elderly people, but I'm doing it right now.

You sound like you're a million years old, but how old are you?

I am only 17 years old and there's reason for that, Scott.

I was born with what is affectionately known as Benjamin Button disease.

You were born with Benjamin Button disease.

That's correct.

Affectionately, I feel like I know how that movie ends.

It's more of a slur, I thought.

But around the house, it's affectionately known?

They call me Benji Button for fun.

Really?

And so were they just, when that movie came out 13 years ago, had they been scrambling in the lead up to it?

Yes, oh yeah, they didn't know.

And then the movie came out and they were like, we got it, Nate.

We could finally pinpoint, we got it, okay, yeah.

I felt seen for the first time.

Okay.

Much like how women felt when they watched that baseball movie with Tom Hanks.

Wow, how, can I ask?

Even that you called it the baseball movie with Tom Hanks feels like it's erasure a little bit.

A little bit.

Can I ask about Benjamin Button disease?

And maybe we're getting too into the weeds on this.

Sure.

Are all people with Benjamin Button disease, do they all die when they're babies?

Yes.

And so they're all born at however many years they have to go until they're babies.

So some are born at like 12.

Yes.

And some are born at, you know, 98.

And some are born at 57.

What year were you born at?

I was born at 72.

72, and now you're 17.

Well, I'm 17 years old, well, how you guys count.

But you're 55.

That's correct.

Wow, so you, that's incredible.

Wait, you're now 55, but getting better?

I'm going to get better, hopefully.

Okay.

I don't know what kind of teenager I'll be, you see.

Well, you have 17 years left on this planet.

No, whoa, hold on.

This math is making my head hurt, hold on.

Wait, wait, wait, no, you're 17.

Oh, I'm sorry, so you're 17, but my- How you guys count.

But you were born at what?

72.

You were born at 72.

Okay, so you are actually, I see what it is.

You're actually 55.

Yeah, can I hold that giant pencil?

Sure.

But can you massage my hands first so I can hold it?

Those old hands can't see the road.

I need some of that signing ointment that Johnny Carson had.

So you're 55.

That's correct.

To us.

So you have 55 years left on this planet.

Physically, emotionally, mentally, romantically, I'm 55 years old.

No, I think emotionally you're 17.

Yeah.

No, I'll tell you right now.

Wait, so your emotions go backwards too?

That's right.

So you kind of were born pretty world weary and jaded, had seen it all.

Not knowing how to use technology.

Like us all.

Once I came out the womb and asked for a pack.

Wait, a pack?

Of cigarettes.

Oh, I see.

Okay.

You said pack like we were to know what that meant.

I want a pack.

Do people, is that a cigarette, is that cigarette lingo that everyone uses?

Yeah.

I mean, I guess when you go into the 7-Eleven, you're like, give me a pack.

Yeah, slam me a pack, bro.

Okay.

How old are you, Scott?

Not being a smoker, I don't like to say that.

I'm 29 or so, just heading into my third decade.

Do you also have Benjamin Button disease?

Hey, no.

Okay, so if you're 55, are you going, are you interested in 55 year old women?

I am.

Okay, but not younger women.

No.

Because a lot of 55 year old real men, with no diseases, thank God.

I mean, I'm attracted to them, but I'm not interested in them.

Okay, so you are, everything is reverse with you.

So you like older women.

I like to date older women, but I'm attracted to younger women.

Who are older than you.

Okay.

So now you were born 17 years.

How old is your youngest brother?

I think he's 25, 26 years old.

25, 26.

He's married to Priyanka Chopra, I believe.

Right, I believe he is, yes.

That's some good Jonas Brothers trivia right there.

I wasn't allowed to go to the wedding.

Oh, I was gonna ask if you were in the wedding.

No, I wasn't allowed.

Father kept me in the basement.

Now, why?

Is he ashamed of you?

He's deeply ashamed of me, much like a Terry Lannister.

Sure.

Are you familiar with the Game of Thrones series?

I don't know, the kids watch it.

You've caught up on that, yeah.

They explain it to me.

Oh, oh God.

The sounds are very loud, I can't handle them.

Like over dinner, they're walking you through.

They're walking me through it.

Like there's six families.

Can I tell you something?

All the kingdoms.

Kevin loves to fascinate on the sex scenes.

Oh really?

Wasn't one of them married to one of them?

Sophie Turner.

Oh yeah, yeah, Sansa.

That's right, yeah.

She's married to Joe, sister-in-law.

Yeah, she is my sister-in-law, but she's never there for the reenactments.

They kick her out the room.

Of course, it's old hat to her.

So they're reenacting scenes?

That's right.

Together?

Together, they all acted out together over the dinner table.

Okay, they're just the three other brothers?

The three other brothers and father applauds.

And father approves that.

Oh, he loves it.

Are they doing all the sexual assault scenes and all that?

They're doing all of it.

Wow.

I had to watch Kevin get eaten by a dog.

And who was playing the dog?

Oh, a Joe.

Oh my God, wow.

I'm learning that Kevin is the third guy's name.

That's my big takeaway.

He's the oldest.

Okay.

Why doesn't father, like I understand when you were born, you were like a crazy looking old man, baby.

But now you couldn't get into the group.

How long has the group been around?

I mean, it's been around for now 10 years.

10 plus years, that's right.

So yeah, so you would have been, I mean, you'd be, yeah, it would have been an image problem, right?

Yes, absolutely.

I looked very disgusted.

We tried it a couple of times.

We did a couple of shows locally in Texas.

We're from Fort Worth, Texas.

Oh, you are?

I've watched every concert of theirs.

They're all on YouTube.

And I don't remember ever seeing you in them.

Well, because we did very closed door shows.

Oh my God, I've been looking for these closed door shows.

Closed door shows.

I mean, there's a community online.

Normally when you go to a concert there, they're what we call open door shows.

Yes, yes.

No, these were much like a Louis C.K. standup show.

You'd have to submit your phone into the Ziploc and sign a waiver.

And I mean, that technology to you must be so mind blowing, just kind of being more of a, you know, just even the pouch technology.

The pouch blew my mind.

You're like, where's the buckle on this thing?

The phone was boring, but the pouch.

So, okay.

So they did, they, you did, what were those performances like?

What did you do?

You were playing instruments?

I was the lead singer.

You were the lead.

We thought, well, let's try it.

If we're going to go for it, go for it.

They wanted to put me in the back as tambourine, but I said, let's go for it.

So you said, let's go for it.

And they said, okay, we'll go for it.

And put you up front.

Father said, I'll give you one shot.

One shot.

Wow.

Do you feel like your father was- You're shooting me.

The end.

Do you feel like your, your father was setting you up for failure by putting you right to the front?

Absolutely.

If I started tambourine, people would have gotten warm to the idea.

And then when I sang a song, it would be fun.

Like what Ringo sings.

But you're the one who wanted to do it.

You're the one who said, let's go for it.

But you blame it on father.

I think when I was sleeping, he was whispering in my ears.

Much like those Game of Thrones characters.

Yeah.

Okay.

So you had one closed door performance.

Yes, in Fort Worth, Texas.

In Fort Worth, Texas.

Oh my God.

That's like, that show is like famous in the community.

Oh yeah.

There's audio of it.

Are you a Jonas head?

I mean, I'm just more of a collector.

I don't actually- Collecting what?

Recordings of the concerts.

I don't watch- Because you could collect a lot of things, you know.

Yeah, stamps.

People.

Yeah, but what I do with a stamp.

Mail a letter.

I mean, there's something ridiculous.

Trade them for other recordings.

Do you think collecting stamps with stamps.com now, you print them out on your own computer.

You can print any stamp now.

And you just have the collection.

They used to be valuable.

I bet like the minute stamps.com was invented, all stamps are worthless.

It's like these tech industries are destroying things that people used to love.

I don't think the government wants- I read the paper.

Oh, okay.

That was in the New York Times?

It was.

Right before they canceled.

What were you going to say, Max?

I don't think the government wants...

The stamps.com is the government, right?

I would imagine they will be the government at some point.

Crazier things are happening right now.

Why not just have the stamps.com people have a go at it?

I don't know.

I think my guy's doing pretty good.

Banana Republic situation, which is I've been thinking that our government should be run by the company, Banana Republic.

Yeah, I was thinking J. Crew, because I'm west of the Mississippi.

What- The gap is between the east and the west.

Let's close that gap.

What do you, do you still have musical aspirations?

I do. I do.

I want to be a singer still.

You do?

Yeah.

Let's hear a little bit.

Can you do anything?

Obviously, you know the term a capella.

Oh, of course.

You have a lot of Scrabble word knowledge, I'm sure.

I play a lot of Scrabble words.

Sure.

♪ Cause I've been to the year 3000 ♪ Okay.

I don't know if that's a- The Jonas Brothers.

Max, you would know that obviously.

I just never heard it coming out of a mouth like that.

Kind of like an old young mouth.

Hey, hold on.

Whoa.

No, I mean it as a compliment.

It's kind of offensive.

You are rising to your feet so slowly.

Cause I'm going to throw them up at them.

You're only 55 at this point.

Ugh.

Can someone help me find my seat?

So you- Please have a seat.

You were born having smoked a lot.

Yes.

Okay.

Are you smoking backwards?

These packs, as they say?

Yeah, I'm smoking less and less as I get.

You are, okay.

So you're getting less addictive.

Less addictive, that's right.

Okay.

And do you think at some point when you reach 55 years old, 17 to the rest of us, someone will offer you your first one?

That would be exactly- And you'll be peer pressured into it?

I'll be peer pressured.

I'll be like, I don't know guys, should I?

And then- And then that'll be the last one you ever smoke.

That's the last one I'll ever smoke.

Have you crunched the numbers on, there will be a time when you are the right same age as your brothers, as the Jonas brothers.

Oh, that's true.

Okay.

If there's a tour or something where you will- So you're 55 right now and the oldest must be in his 30s.

30s, 32.

Like 10 years from now, if there's like an early 40s reunion thing.

Oh my God, we can do a reunion tour.

And they'll have voices exactly like yours.

Yours will be a little cleared up at that point.

They'll be a little into cigarettes.

But it won't be honest though.

It won't be an honest tour because I'm not reuniting.

That would be my first tour.

You called it a reunion.

I'm just saying they're kind of doing it.

All Mac said was you're going to be the same age.

No, he's fucking lying.

I'm sorry, Mac.

Sorry, I'm used to hanging out with great Americans and this is making me feel very uncomfortable.

Well, are you also a LDS as they say, Latter-day Saints?

Absolutely, absolutely.

You are?

Absolutely, I believe that we should- Did you have those promise rings?

I had a promise ring and I also hate the blacks.

Oh.

That's a big part of the Latter-day Saint church.

Look it up.

I have relatives in it and I did not know that.

I did not know that.

What, who were you promised to?

Because I remember Miley Cyrus was, wasn't she promised to one of those Jonas Brothers for a while and they wore the rings and then they were like, let's get the fuck in.

Well, that was the problem with me.

It was hard to promise someone to be, because even though I was of age, I didn't look at it.

It made a lot of people uncomfortable.

And you were dating similar 70-year-old people who were already over-menopause.

Absolutely, absolutely.

So there wasn't a lot of fun in it for me.

So you don't have to wrap it up.

Right, yeah.

Well, I like wrapping it up.

You know what I mean.

I like wrapping it up, so it wasn't fun.

Oh, you like that.

So wait, so as you get younger, are you going to like condoms less?

Hell yeah.

I can't wait till I'm 17 and like to get loose.

Okay, interesting.

Are there not other women with the disease affectionately known as Benjamin Button?

They're the dating site.

That seems like that's the dream.

It's like, you know, you Benjamin Button people, although maybe this is reductive and this is a lot like saying little people should marry other little people.

But it seems to me like a lot of the problems that you have relating to someone would be taken care of if you found someone else with that similar affliction.

I want to find someone I can grow baby with.

I mean, like you said earlier, Scott, some people aren't born at the same age as you.

So I met a woman and we were similar ages, but.

But they're all born, if you met someone who looked 55.

She was also 55.

You all are going to die in 55 years.

Sure, but I found out that she was born when she was 60.

So she'd only been living for five years.

Oh, okay.

And that made me a little uncomfortable.

Yeah, okay, I understand.

So there are Benjamin Button pedophiles?

There are, there are.

They're also like the pranks.

So having sex with you right now, you're only 17.

That's correct.

Would be illegal in the Benjamin Button for me.

For me, but the Benjamin Button people could have at it.

Okay.

Depending on the.

Depending on how long they've been alive.

And that law's on the books?

That's on the books.

Wow.

We're a lot like Native Americans.

We have our own legal system.

Oh, okay.

So if I were to commit a crime right now, I wouldn't go to court here.

You wouldn't?

Okay, you have diplomatic immunity of some sort?

I'd go to court in Vermont.

Okay, so and what crime are you thinking of committing?

Oh, none right now, but maybe some stuff later.

Oh, okay.

You were maybe going to hit me before.

That's not a crime.

Oh, right.

If you're acting like that.

Yeah, you were talking shit.

Well, this is so intriguing.

I mean, I'm quite honestly, I'm more fascinated about the Benjamin Button stuff than I am the Jonas Brothers stuff.

I'm being honest.

It seems like a richer mind to vain as we once said.

But you're not seeing anyone currently.

No, I'm single right now.

You're single.

And how do your, do your brothers, they hang out with you?

They hang out.

They want me to find someone so that we can, you know, they want it, they're all married and stuff.

So they want to have married.

I want to do the single guy stuff.

They want to do the married guy stuff.

Yeah.

You think you ever will get married?

I don't know.

It's tough, Scott, you know, it's tough to find someone who understands what you've been through.

Yeah.

Well, I would imagine that, you know, maybe you could find someone who is into children because, you know, eventually you'll get there.

And although, yeah, I don't know.

Is it illegal for a non-buttoned person to stay with a button through baby?

Are we calling them buttons right now?

Please don't do that, okay?

Please don't do that.

We can call each other that.

Oh, okay.

All right.

Are there hip hop songs that use that term?

Oh yeah, they are.

Okay.

There's a couple of Benjamin Button rappers.

Oh yeah.

Tekashi69.

Oh, he was, really?

Oh yeah.

That's why he's snitching so hard.

He knows he doesn't have much time left.

Yeah, much time left.

Wow.

May as well, yeah.

His tattoos are getting brighter.

He doesn't want to spend the rest of his life in prison.

I mean, he won't have a lot of it.

Yeah, you know what they do to babies in prison?

Oh my God.

Well, look, Leonard, this is fascinating stuff.

I appreciate you getting the word out about whatever it is you're getting the word out about.

We need to take a break.

Can you stick around though?

Because I would love for you to talk to an entrepreneur.

Oh yeah.

I think that would be exciting for someone who's 17 and doesn't know what they want to do with life.

Yeah, that's great.

Do you have a holes by the way?

Do you mean the cough drop or?

Yes, yes.

I thought you meant in this building.

Not corridors.

I have either.

How do you get from room to room?

Well, you're just imitating my voice there.

Yeah.

That's very offensive.

Yeah, that's also very offensive.

I'm infuriating the button community right now.

You can't say it.

I'm sorry.

All right, all right.

Look, look, this is getting too heated.

We need to take a break.

When we come back, we'll have an entrepreneur.

We'll be right back with more Comedy Bang Bang.

Comedy Bang Bang, we are back with Max Silvestri, formerly of the Great American Comedy Festival, and hopefully will be in the future.

God willing.

Do you think that'll be an annual pilgrimage for you?

You know, I think I'll be going whether or not I'm booked.

I mean, just as a fan, you know, I'll buy a hard ticket and go see the show.

The comedians who are there every year, do they have to go on the tour every year or can they sit it out if they have already been?

You know, there were a couple of comedians who grabbed the lunch and just came to the lunch.

They're like, I've seen the films.

Okay.

Yeah, and they were like.

But did they go to the Mayflower stuff?

And they did because one of the comedians really wanted to watch more clips.

Like literally there's a database set up where you can like look at old interviews and he looks forward to that every year.

You can go through like any clip of any show.

I mean, they have like a lot, like a big, it's not like one of those magical TV museum databases, but it has like hundreds.

This is not like a Pleasantville situation where you watch TV and you get sucked into it?

Okay, all right.

Well, I mean, maybe they'll get there.

It's more like Stay Tuned, where it's kind of like a devil's version of The Tonight Show and you're sucked in and the devil's the host.

RIP John Ritter.

Yeah.

And we also have Leonard Jonas, who is the fourth Jonas brother.

Are you know, this begs the question, if I'm using that correctly, or maybe I'll just ask it.

Is there a fifth Jonas brother?

There's not.

There is not.

We do have a sister.

Oh, Jonas and just one?

Just one.

Just one, and what is her name?

Natasha.

Natasha Jonas.

And how, is she a member of the Benjamin Button community?

This is how you say it.

No, she's not.

Thank you.

How old of a woman is she?

She's 32, she's a lawyer.

She's a lawyer, really?

What kind of law does she practice?

Corporate law.

Okay, so she's out there defending?

The big guys.

The big guys, like Facebook and Facebook?

Facebook, BP Oil, Halliburton.

Okay.

Family friends.

So, okay, what a family.

Interesting.

Her father is very powerful.

Yeah, I can imagine that Jonas lobby.

We do need to get to our next guest.

I mentioned it before, and this is exciting.

He's an entrepreneur.

Please welcome Etoufeh.

Can you smell that now, Scott?

Can you smell it?

That's a hot crossbone I brought for you, cause I am a bakery owner and proprietor.

Hi, Etoufeh.

Hello.

I did not smell anything.

Did you bring some baked goods?

Yeah, I brought some baked goods for everybody in the study.

Yeah, yeah, this is a croissant with a little bit of gray air and a little bit of fromage on top.

Wait, a little bit of gray air, you said?

Gray air.

And fromage on top?

Fromage is just cheese, is it?

Yeah, so- It's a cheese on cheese crust.

Sure, but you were specific about the one type of cheese and then, so really the other.

The fromage could be any number of cheeses.

Yes, cheddar.

Is it just mystery cheese?

It's like whatever they put in hot dogs.

Cheddar, you say?

It's a cheddar, but there's not a French or off a cheddar.

I cannot place your accent.

Yes.

Because it is decidedly not New Orleans.

No.

Yes, sorry.

I've been to Shreveport and it's feeling a little Shreveport- Well, Shreveport.

Okay.

So Etoufeh, you're- I'm from the Gulf of Mexico.

You're from the Gulf of Mexico?

Yeah, on a boat.

Oh, so international waters?

Yeah, no, not international water.

Okay, I know someone with a boat out there.

Who there?

His name's Cactus Tony.

I don't know.

Oh, no, I don't know.

You don't know Cactus Tony?

What he look like?

He wears completely snakeskin, if that helps.

Sound like a good look to me.

I don't want to upset you, Etoufeh, but Leonardo- Leonard.

Leonard, Jonas's- Do you want to offend me?

Sister.

Are you comparing him now to a teenage mutant ninja turtle?

Wow.

This is offensive.

Just your sister represents BP Oil and they didn't do great stuff in the Gulf of Mexico, I feel like.

I don't know.

Did you get any of that oil on you?

Nah, I had moved to Los Angeles after Katrina, so I didn't- Oh, you did?

Oh, okay, what happened in Katrina to you personally, if you don't mind?

Nothing, but I didn't like the weather, so I left.

Okay.

It was hard to park with Treme filming all the time.

Exactly.

So Etoufeh, you have a bakery here in Los Angeles?

It's called the Bayou Bakery down on the- Why did you call it the Bayou Bakery?

Because as I said before, you are definitely not from the Bayou.

You know, my granddaddy was from somewhere around there and he all gathered something.

Did you learn how to talk from your granddaddy?

Is that- Nope.

Everybody in my house talk normal.

Oh, okay.

But I talk like that.

Why is that?

Did you, it's an affectation of sorts?

Some say that I was touched by the good Lord.

What does that mean?

Why do they say that?

They say that if you go, if you went way back to Babylon, Scott, back in the burning bush there, yeah, Rabana talk like me.

Oh, okay.

So I'm a religious man, Scott.

Oh, you are.

What religion?

Not Mormon, hopefully, because from what I understand, they don't like a certain type of person.

They hate the blacks, say it, Scott.

I don't want to say it.

I don't know why you, a white Jonas brother, are saying it.

And you, Etoufeh, I don't know what your deal is.

I'm a- I don't know if that's the right way to say it.

No, it is.

Offensive, so much so that I'm not going to answer that question.

Oh, okay.

Listen, I came here, I don't want to talk about my religion.

I came here to talk about my bakery.

Okay, tell me about your bakery.

It's called Bayou Bakery.

Can you smell that, Scott?

Is it nearby?

It's another baked good.

This here is a muffin with a piece of alligator on top.

Oh, a piece of alligator.

Can I ask you a question?

And this is a stupid question.

I'm going to New Orleans for Thanksgiving with my mom.

And I always, what's the difference between Cajun and Creole?

How would he know?

Because he's not from the Gulf, I imagine he has to get supplies in Louisiana.

Oh, I get Amazon Fresh for all my stuff.

All right, I apologize.

You did say you left after Katrina storm that did hit.

I saw it on the horizon.

I was like, I don't want to go to well that well though.

I took a boat around.

Yeah.

To the Panama Canal?

To the Panama Canal.

And I ended up in Los Angeles.

Did you see a fan boat going through there ever?

A Miami boat?

A friend of mine, J.W. Stillwater, travels via fan boat through the Panama Canal.

What he look like?

Well, he is wearing a fedora, a mask, a cape, which is the flag of the state of Florida.

Pretty weird.

And a jumper that a fan boat mechanic would wear.

You know, I think- A coverall.

Coverall, yes, exactly.

Maybe I did see that man, but we'll never know.

Okay, well you can just tell us.

But we'll never know.

Okay, so you went around the Panama Canal, you landed in Los Angeles and you opened up a bakery.

And what type of stuff do you bake?

You've brought a couple of things here.

I do all Southern baked goods.

Southern baked goods.

Deep, deep South baked goods.

We got your classic, a class.

We got your classic croissants.

We got- Classic Southern.

Bread.

Yes, those croissants.

Oh man, God.

It smells like the South to me.

The South of France?

Yeah, those are all French cuisines.

Right, but they started in the South of the United States.

Oh, don't know about that.

And then the French took them after the French-American War.

Oh, okay.

Anyway, but what I do is I put a little bit of a Bayou spin on it, okay?

So we got all that classic stuff, but then we're deep fried.

Have you ever had hushpuppy eclair?

A hushpuppy eclair?

Yeah.

So let me guess what this would be like because a hushpuppy is like a breaded, sort of almost like cornmeal.

Cornmeal.

Deep fried.

Deep fried and canola.

And you turn it into an eclair, which what is the definition of an eclair?

First, it's an eclair, regular chocolate cream.

Okay, so it starts as an eclair.

And then you roll it in cornmeal.

Really?

And then deep fry it.

That's the texture there.

Yeah.

It's nice.

It's soft on the inside.

A cell phone inside?

It's a cell phone on the inside.

And a crunchy on the outside.

That's the way you could get a cell phone into a prison.

You put it in a hushpuppy eclair and you put the cell phone inside.

I have a side business giving cell phones to inmates all over the country.

Has Tekashi Tek9 ever?

Tekashi Tek9?

Is that what his name is?

6ix9ine.

6ix9ine, okay.

What is Tek9?

That's another rapper.

That's a different, yeah.

I'm getting those two confused.

And a type of gun, I believe.

Yeah, are they similar?

In what way?

This is too, wow.

Wow.

Not in the way you're thinking.

Careful.

Careful about Scott.

They're both nice again if that's what you're asking.

I mean in style of rapping.

Not all SoundCloud rappers are the same, Scott.

Okay, they are SoundCloud rappers.

This is what I'm getting at.

Anyway, would you guys like to try a bit of a baked good?

No.

I thought we were allowed to eat the ones you already put out.

Yeah, but I got more.

Okay.

I got more.

What do you have in there?

I got the inside of a lobster.

The inside, so the lobster guts?

A lobster guts.

Are we talking the brains stuff?

The brains stuff.

The brains?

The brains that you suck, I'll throw the hell.

But I got it sprayed on a sourdough so crunchy, it'll make your toes curl.

Okay, I mean this actually does not sound bad or weird in a way, I mean I guess.

I love when I eat something so crunchy.

I should clarify.

Toes curl, yeah.

It has been deep fried.

Okay.

Wow.

Great.

Well, here's the problem, Scott.

Los Angeles.

It's a healthy food community.

Okay.

They don't want my southern delicacies because you miss what they figure.

Okay, so your business is not doing well.

It's not doing well.

So I came here for, I thought to myself, what is the modern day version of the Carson show?

And I came right out to comedy.

Stephen Colbert?

Oh, you mean this show?

I tried to get on Colbert.

They would not have me.

I tried to get on The Daily Show.

They would not have me.

I tried to get on other shit.

WTF?

WTF with Mark Maron.

He said.

Those gates are locked.

One or two try my friend, Scott.

Okay, so you're a referral for Mark.

Yeah.

Okay, this is making more sense now.

And so are you hoping to stay in Los Angeles and make it bigger here or would you rather be elsewhere?

I would love to stay here.

I love the weather.

I love the women.

I love the beach.

You love the weather, meaning hot mostly?

Okay.

I describe the weather in Los Angeles as the opposite of Katrina.

Oh, okay.

And you love the women, hot mainly.

Love the women.

And you love the beach.

I describe the women here as the opposite of the Gulf Coast weather.

The opposite of Katrina, yeah.

A woman named Katrina.

And then you love the beach.

I love the beach.

I was born on a boat in the Gulf of Mexico.

You were actually born on that boat?

Mm-hmm.

Really?

My daddy was a army man.

He was in the army.

Why was he on a boat?

Was he on leave?

Because he was visiting my mother who was in the Navy.

Okay.

Where did they meet?

The Army-Navy football game?

They met at the Army-Navy surplus store.

Oh, okay.

They were looking for clothes.

Yeah, that happens.

Yeah, and just sparks flew.

It's a rom-com called Thrift Store.

So you were born on an actual Navy ship?

Yeah.

Naval ship?

On the USS Martini.

The USS Martini?

Wow.

Is that the last ship before the last ship?

Or, no wait.

That is the ship the TNT drama Last Shuffles.

Oh, starring Max Martini, I think.

Cool, yeah.

Yeah.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

It was a good existence.

So you've always been sort of like on that rolling wave?

You could say that.

My life is like a water.

I ride it and I don't know where else going.

Mm, that is so poetic.

Because people don't know where the water's going.

Well, the water goes.

They look at the oceans and there's- Towards the beach usually, but- Yeah, but then other times away from the beach and they're like, what are we doing here?

Yeah, exactly, yeah, it's crazy.

That's right.

Can I ask you a question?

Oh, please, yeah.

Usually I'm the one asking the question, so this will be really fun for me.

Okay.

Have you ever had a Danish fill with pork?

Again, doesn't sound incredibly strange.

Usually, it's interesting, usually we get entrepreneurs on this show and they have odd ideas and things that are outlandish.

But I'm more of an odd person with regular ideas.

Yeah.

I can't argue with that.

Cannot argue with that.

So this is a Danish with a little pork inside.

Yeah.

Okay, yeah, it tastes good.

Yeah, it's savory.

Yeah, it's like a sandwich.

Yeah, savory, yeah, it's good.

Good.

I think your business should be doing well.

It's nice to talk to someone with good ideas.

Have you ever thought maybe you shouldn't be the face of your business?

Because I just feel like the product spoke for itself.

Why, because of my scars?

Yeah, the scars are not helping.

I gotta say, I thought that it was maybe because the Joker movie had just come out, and you were in makeup because you were just going to see it.

But those are real scars all over your face.

Yeah, I was in a propeller accident.

Oh, no.

Oh.

So, meaning, was it a propeller that was adjoined to a helicopter or something?

It was, so my father, armament, mother, neighbor woman, granddaddy, oh, forcement.

And I was visiting granddad for the summer.

He said, son, let me take you on a little chopper ride for your birthday.

And I said, what's that?

And I put my head up and it got caught in a propeller.

So he told you this while you were standing underneath.

You didn't know what it was.

There's wind blowing everywhere.

Were you on a ladder?

Uh-huh, a rope ladder.

You were on a rope ladder?

How would it have been?

It was so hard to climb up.

Lying down on the rope ladder, because it was sprayed, you know what I mean?

And then as he took off, he said, watch out, son, grandson.

And then I stuck my face in the propeller, and now I got these scars.

And you're doing his voice like that, because that's your voice.

He talked regular, right?

Uh-huh, he talked regular, yeah.

And I just think that you look at a product like Chef Boyardee, okay?

You got, basically people go to Chef Boyardee for wonderful instant Italian meals.

And they look at this man on the jars, and he's a plump, jovial Italian guy, and you go, that's exactly what I want.

But now you go to your business, and you have these delicious, I have to say, wonderful baked goods with pork inside, steaming, wonderfully seasoned, just mouthwatering pork.

And yet the face of your business is just a horror.

And these scars have not closed up.

I am not an attractor, man.

They're wet, they're wet in this world.

They're just oozing with pus.

I got wet scars on my face.

I feel like someone told you some sort of remedy for the scars that's wrong.

Like that you keep putting stuff on them.

Like keep them open, keep picking at them.

They say, put cayenne pepper in the wound, and I'll do it.

Okay, you got to see like a licensed medical, A dermatologist?

Yeah, a dermatologist.

You're not seeing some sort of voodoo doctor, are you?

No, I'm all about the hum around my neck.

I only say that because of the Gulf of Mexico.

Right, right, right, right now, I'm familiar with the voodoo culture, Scott.

You are, you know.

I got a lot of voodoo friends.

You do?

Yeah.

In fact, you know, I know a guy who got a cure for Benjamin Button business.

You do?

Yeah.

Wait a minute, but if you were to cure him right now, would he turn young?

He would freeze in time.

Would he turn 17 or would he then grow older at the age of 55?

He would stop at 30 for the ideal age of a man.

And just be- The ideal age of a man.

Just be immortal?

God, I'm going to get there in about five years.

I'm excited.

The most experience you can have at 34 before you drop out of the most crucial demographic, I mean, to be 18 to 35 is everything.

Oh yeah.

Your main advertisers are paying attention to, you have money to buy a car?

You are remaining the key down my fine album.

Yeah, disposable income.

That's right.

So, I mean, Leonard, are you interested in a cure?

I mean, I've never been 34 before.

Yeah, in either direction.

Has anyone in this room been 34?

Not as of yet, I can say.

I was 34 briefly, recently.

Oh, you were?

Congratulations.

How was it?

I mean, I think it's great.

I mean, 34, I do agree with Hetoufe.

It's one of the top ages.

Yeah.

I mean, would I have stated it forever?

I don't know.

Each year's fun in a different way.

You must know that.

What kind of people were you attracted to?

You know, I've kind of always been a three years younger than me kind of guy.

That's my general.

Yeah, that's where you are, definitely.

That's very specific.

I know.

I got it.

So you don't want to take the cure if your likes of who you're dating are going to change?

I mean, look, I'm really into older women.

I really, really like them.

I think Kelly Ann Conway is a beautiful woman.

Oh, okay.

Look at the picture of her on the couch when all the black preachers are in the White House and she's looking at her phone.

It's a very sexual photo.

Okay, I'll take a look at that one.

I hadn't really, she's paid much attention to it.

The first older woman you'd think, like she's kind of the example of the perfect older woman.

Absolutely.

The feminine ideal.

They could look like Kelly Ann Conway and talk like the lady from The Nanny.

Because you know she's 34, right?

She just looks like that.

What?

Yeah, I don't know if she's a button.

She, hey, hey.

Max, oh, what?

Oh, I'm getting up.

Okay, differently aging?

Howdy, what's the right term?

I'm sorry, I'm not caught up.

Benjamin Buttons.

Oh, we could just call it by its actual medical name.

Benjamin Button.

Benjamin, not Benjamin's Button, okay, yeah.

Well, I guess I gotta give her a call.

But then does that make her husband, George Conway, a pedophile?

It might, I don't know, yeah.

How long have they been married?

I don't know.

A long time, I think.

Yeah, long enough to put him away.

No, because she was older before.

But she was younger at heart, so that's illegal.

Oh, right.

Yeah, we're forgetting all the details.

Well, we don't know what age she was born at, because she could have been born at 90.

That's true.

Doesn't matter, she was a kid.

Right, but he didn't meet her then until 20 years into it.

Until she was 70, maybe.

Yeah, yeah.

No, this all checks out perfectly.

Yeah, this is all good.

I don't know.

I guess I gotta call George.

Who's your friend who has this, your voodoo friend who has the cure?

My voodoo friend, he'll name us Doctor Dark Magic.

Doctor Dark Magic?

Wow.

Is this like a stage name, or?

Yeah, he does a one man show.

Really?

At the New Orleans Playhouse.

Oh, wow.

And he can't, he's not, I mean, he's not like, if you were to go there, you would expect to see rings connected, that's all you're gonna see the whole show, right?

He's not one of those crazy people that's separating rings.

No trickery at all in his thing.

What about rhythm?

Rhythm?

Well, you never know.

I don't know why you never know about that, but you definitely know about the trickery.

Well, I don't know.

I mean, if you're interested in getting together with Doctor Dark Magic, I mean, we could bring him in on a future episode.

I mean, that could be interesting to me.

I'll weigh out my cose.

I mean, my cons and my pros.

And my cose.

Cose is like a great new way of shortening the word cons.

Pros and cose, man.

Pers and cose.

Pers and cose, baby.

Well, yeah, we'll pay for it if you wanna see this doctor.

You'll pay for it?

Yeah, yeah, yeah, this'll be on the show.

This'll be on, yeah, it'll be amazing.

We'll take care of every treatment you need.

Scott, do you have a lot of money?

The show, the budget for the show is immense.

Wow.

Yeah, so we'll bring him in, or them in.

But you wouldn't let me park here.

Is the doctor a woman?

Did I fall for it?

Oh, it's a lady, Doctor Scott.

But I'll tell you what, you showed your bias.

I did show my bias.

It is a lady, Doctor.

And, okay.

Yeah, obviously, Doctor Doc imagine cuz a woman's now.

Oh, okay.

So, yeah, we'll bring her into this on a future show.

We are running out of time, though, if that's okay.

We only have one final feature left on the show, and that is a little something called plugs.

♪ When you're wrong ♪ ♪ There's not a show ♪ ♪ But there's something ♪ ♪ You should know ♪ ♪ Plug-a-rea ♪ ♪ Plug-a-rea ♪ ♪ Nice to meet ya ♪ ♪ When you're feeling kinda smug ♪ ♪ Cuz you got something to plug ♪ ♪ Plug-a-rea ♪ ♪ Plug-a-rea ♪ ♪ Plug-a-rea ♪ Oh, boy.

That was hip.

So you were into it.

I was really into that.

But you're an old man.

That's right.

That was Plug-a-rea by Joke Thurgood.

Thank you to Joke Thurgood, I suppose, for that.

All right, what are we plugging?

Max, what do we got?

I would love it if people would follow me on social media channels.

It's my name, and also check out Big Mouth season three, and also move to Nebraska and go to that festival every single year forever.

Be a young person and age along with that festival.

Yeah, we all need to get off the coast.

We need to get out of New York and LA.

We need to move to Nebraska, build up.

We need to prepare for the flood in the end times.

Fires are coming.

That's right, air rights.

There we go.

Yes.

All right, Leonard Jonas, what are you plugging?

There's this young kid named Edgar Mope.

He's a fantastic kid.

Yeah, how old is this kid?

He's 28.

Oh, really?

Okay, so almost the ideal age.

Almost.

A few years.

He's a few years out.

Yeah.

He has this podcast on Stitcher Premium called The Wokest.

The Wokest, okay.

And this is on Stitcher Premium.

Can you describe the podcast, what it does every week?

Yeah, he plays the wokest man in the world.

Oh, okay, so this is a character that he's playing.

I guess.

I mean, I don't know if Edgar does characters very well.

Okay.

I don't know.

And that's a weekly show?

Well, no, they already did their run.

So it's up there.

You put in the code Wokest, you get a month free on Stitcher Premium.

Go ahead and listen to all of them.

Listen to all of them.

Have fun, yeah.

And set a reminder to cancel.

You know, like use that pre-month and then make sure.

Yeah, make sure the day that you sign up, you do a calendar alert.

I didn't say that.

Please listen, I didn't say that.

Etoufe, what do you want to plug?

I want to plug a new bakery out of my store.

So you have a new bakery?

Yeah.

Got a new.

It's the craziest idea I ever thought of.

Okay.

It's like a donut, but just a little ball dipped in sugar and dipped in caramel.

Okay, so this sounds delicious.

Yeah.

Isn't it crazy, Scott?

Okay, I don't know.

Why don't you do it at your own bakery?

This'll be a new store?

This just does those.

Oh no, this is just a new item at the bottom.

Oh, okay, good.

This makes sense.

That makes sense and that's a good idea.

Also, it's got sausage in it.

Caramel and sausage, actually, yeah.

The two flavor profiles sound good.

All right.

Also, one more thing.

Okay.

This won't be for a couple months, but check out Miracle Workers Dark Ages on TBS.

Very funny.

It's a show that I think I would like.

Okay, in a couple of months.

Yeah, January.

January.

All right, I want to plug, we have some great Comedy Bang Bang live shows coming up this week.

So this Friday, we're in New York at the New York Comedy Festival.

That's at The Beacon.

And we're with Paul F. Tompkins, Lauren Lapkus, and then I have some very special guests that I don't even want to name, but you're going to want to see them.

Don't make me name them.

Buy these tickets.

And then we are going on a week from today, Monday we'll be in Philadelphia, and then on the 12th we'll be in DC, and that's with Paul F. Tompkins and Lauren Lapkus.

And also Carl Tartt will be going with us.

So that'll be really fun.

And you can also watch the Between Two Ferns movie, which is on Netflix right now.

All right, let's close up the old plug bag.

Donk is Donk back.

♪ Close your eyes and open up that bag ♪ ♪ Close your eyes and open up that bag ♪ ♪ You gotta get those eyes closed ♪ ♪ Get up, get up, open up that bag ♪ ♪ Get up, get up, get up ♪ ♪ Don't be closing, don't be closing ♪ ♪ Open up that bag, let's get loaded ♪ ♪ Let's get loaded, open up that bag ♪ ♪ Let's get loaded up the bag ♪ ♪ Open up that bag, that bag ♪ ♪ Open up that bag, that bag ♪ ♪ Open up that bag, that bag ♪ That was a great song.

Yeah.

That is pretty good.

That's a really good song.

I did not like that.

I don't know about that song.

No takers?

All right, great.

We will not be adding on to it.

Guys, I wanna thank you so much, Max.

Keep us abreast of what's going on.

If you receive any further communications with the festival, will you come on and read them?

Yeah, I'd love to go into detail and really just hit every detail of it.

Email or written correspondence?

I think it makes sense to just talk it out in person.

Yeah, great.

So you want it face-to-face with the representatives of this festival?

No, with you about every communication I have with them.

Yeah.

And Leonard Jonas, good luck to you.

Thank you so much.

And perhaps we'll have you back here with Etoufeh or Etoufeh will just send Dr. Darkmagic.

I'll find out if she's available in a future here.

All right, great.

You're paying for it, correct?

I am paying for it, yeah.

The plane tickets, the actual cost of the treatments.

Sure.

I would imagine that you'll need to take some time off work.

Oh, but you don't work, or do you have a job?

Oh, I have a job.

What's your job?

I work, I'm on the board at Halliburton.

Oh, you are?

Okay, well I guess we're gonna have to pay your salary for your recovery time.

What are you making per year at this point?

$3 billion.

Oh, the golden parachute.

Oh man.

All right, we'll pay for it.

I already said I would.

We're trapped in this.

All right, we'll see you next time.

Thanks, bye.

♪ Heroes ♪ ♪ Heroes ♪ you Thank you.
