---
layout: page
title: 627. Allen Strickland Williams, Holly Prazoff, Jiavani Linayao [https：⧸⧸cloudfront.wolfpub.io⧸CBB-627-20191107-StricklandWilliams-RCv01-PW.mp3].mp3.wav
category: cbb 
---

♪ Comedy Bang Bang ♪ Your doctor called, he has cancer.

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

By the way, that is spelled U apostrophe R-E.

So you are doctor called, he has cancer.

Thank you so much to B or not tuberculosis for that wonderful catchphrase mission.

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang for another week.

And we are of course in the throes of Navi Doggy, second week of Navi Doggy.

And we have an incredible show coming up for you.

By the way, my name is Scott.

I don't recommend what voices I suddenly slip into.

My name is Scott Aukerman.

I'm the host of Comedy Bang Bang.

I have been the host since episode one.

I was not the host for approximately four episodes there towards the beginning, but maybe even six.

But I have been the host ever since the beginning and maybe until the end, who knows?

We'll see what happens.

But welcome to the show.

A little later, we have an entrepreneur.

Yes!

So happy to have another entrepreneur on the show.

Oh, and this is one who's been on the show before.

So we'll get an update on their activities.

We also have a sports manager.

A sports manager and not a coach, a manager.

Well, that's interesting.

All right, that'll be coming up a little later.

But first let's get to our first guest.

He has never been on the show before.

Probably never been in this room before.

Widening out to this city block, not really sure about that.

We are very close to Netflix as listeners of the show know.

So he may have gone over to pitch something, I don't know.

But widening out even further, California, who knows?

This may be his first time.

We will definitely be asking all of these questions.

He has a special, the Comedy Central Half Hour Presents coming up this Friday, November 15th at 1130.

Please welcome to the show Alan Strickland-Williams.

Hello.

Hello, it's so good to be here.

This is my first time outside.

Outside, really?

Yeah, this is a big day.

And I chose to came right here.

You realize we are not outside right now.

Well, I had to go outside in between.

To get here.

After I valeted, I went outside.

Okay, so you don't travel throughout the city in tunnels like Angel did on that show, Angel, where he played the titular character, Angel.

Angel?

No.

From what I could understand, the first few episodes were all set at night, and then they said, well, the plots we're writing, stuff has to happen during the day.

So they wrote a fictionalized series of tunnels that go throughout LA that he would like, I guess, put a jacket over his head and go in there.

I take a very non-Angel approach to transportation.

So everything he did, I do a little bit differently.

I have tunnels.

I'm installing a system of tunnels in the sky.

Oh, okay.

So these are like Mario Brothers type tunnels where- They don't look that cool.

They look like, they're just like, oh, they needed to build a tunnel really fast, I guess.

Okay, so they're not prizes and things that if you jump into them- No, they're only specifically for things that I need in my life.

So it's just like, how do I get to my shitty job in Culver City?

There's this tunnel here.

Okay.

And then there's one here.

There's a tunnel to the ear, Wolf.

So these are convenient to you and you alone?

That's right.

Yeah, it doesn't make any sense.

It doesn't make any sense.

How much did you sink into this, by the way?

Well, okay, so we're all operating on just venture costs.

Right now.

Oh, okay.

So free money, you know?

So yeah, you're sort of like the Elon Musk building a tunnel for one car.

It's funny that you talked about Angel earlier because we actually have an Angel investor and it actually is Angel from the show.

It's David Boreanaz?

It is David Boreanaz, yeah.

From Seal Team whatever?

Yeah, because he was like, how do I parlay this into some more work?

And he's like, oh, I'll become an Angel investor.

Well, he won that Bones lawsuit.

So also maybe he could invest in Bones.

Did he win that?

Yeah, I think he won.

That's great.

Good for him.

Welcome to the show.

It's good to be here.

Nice to have you.

Thank you.

Now you have a half hour coming up and what's interesting about this episode is you were also a half hour late.

Does this happen in your special?

You basically like, the audience just waits there and then you don't have to do any material because that's the kind of gig I want.

I wasn't there for my half hour.

I was late.

I slept through my alarms, which was very- Alarms-a, plural?

Alarms, plural, which is also a feat because we taped at night.

So I was really sleeping through.

Wow, yeah.

I think you may have emotional issues.

Are you sleeping on the couch instead of the bed?

I'm sleeping.

So the only time that I ever go outside is to sleep.

And so it's pretty far from the alarm clock.

Yeah, you have a tent out there in the- No tent.

No?

Just right there, you and the elements?

Just me, just me and my shadow out there.

Well, you know, it's hard to get those shadows going at night.

Yeah.

Well, I have a layup.

Okay, good.

I have a lighting set up, but I just find it a little- What is going on with your throat?

Clear that bad boy.

I just find it a little easier to sleep when I'm outside.

Yeah, I get it.

What is it?

Is it the ambient noise, the crickets, the- I think it's the walls, walls kind of.

Yeah.

They box you in.

They do, especially those things that we call roofs.

Yeah, well, the one I like to call the ceiling wall.

Yeah.

Although sometimes I look up at the stars and I gotta admit, it looks like a ceiling to me.

Sometimes I look up at the stars and I think, God, they're just like us.

They really are exactly like us.

Gassy, probably late.

You're a desk.

They're a couple of years late.

Sure, they're just, could be dead already.

Could be dead already.

They're just like us.

And what we just did the past five minutes are five minutes of your special, right?

This is all, so, okay.

So I'm the first comedian on Comedy Central to live the special.

Whoa, what is this?

Is this some sort of VR virtual reality kind of thing?

It's a little like virtual reality.

It's actual reality.

AR?

Yeah, this is AR.

So hashtag live the special.

That's the hashtag for my site.

That's the hashtag.

How did you get that hashtag?

I just tweeted it.

Whoa.

I just came up with it and they, so I met up with the, you know, I met up with the big wigs and the muckety mucks at Comedy Central and I go, you know, Todd Brass, you know, they- Todd Brass?

Topest brass.

Oh, the top brass.

They've seen it all before and they'll let you know it.

And so- Yeah, they believe you me.

So I said, hey, how about we do the first thing where the guy loves the thing and they go, well, is there a hashtag?

And I go, hashtag live the special.

And so we're putting, I think it's like a two mil budget that we're putting behind this thing.

Wow.

We're really trying- For a half hour, that's like a mil every 15 minutes.

Something like that.

I mean, I haven't worked the math out yet.

Okay, let me do it.

Hold on.

I was just guessing, but let me try.

Let's actually, oh, okay.

Oh, you're playing on an Abacus here.

There's an Abacus at the Earwolf studio.

Yeah, that's a mil every 15 minutes.

Yeah.

Well, hey, I can get used to that.

You know, but whatever works, we're just trying to- Whatever works is Larry David once said, in that wonderful Woody Allen movie.

You ever hope to do a Woody?

No.

You know what?

I'm one of the people that I've actually shot a Woody Allen movie.

You have?

And then I came out and I was like, eh, I didn't like it.

You didn't like the movie?

I didn't like how I came across in the movie.

Wait, you were in a Woody Allen movie?

I was in, How About That?

How About That?

Oh, that's one of his lesser known ones.

Yeah, well, because it also hasn't released yet.

Oh, okay.

How About That?

Does anyone say that in the movie?

Does he say, how about that?

Everyone says it in the movie.

Really, every character in the movie is required to say, how about that?

They do a weird pre-lap overlap thing where they go, how about that?

And then that leads into, it's a story of- Is it like Slacker where one how about that leads to another how about that?

Exactly, it's 75 how about that's in the city of, you might've heard of it, New York.

The fifth character.

Yeah, and New York gets a how about that, but New York goes a little bit, how about that?

Ah, hey, how about that?

I'm walking here.

And does the Empire State Building say it?

Literally the last scene is the Empire State Building tilting back its, well, what do you call that?

Maw.

And saying, how about that for a movie?

And is Tom Hanks and Meg Ryan, are they up there on top of it and do they tumble to their deaths because of the tilting back or?

So they're actually, they are in the movie, but it's not sleepless, it's you've got mail.

Oh, okay.

So they're getting their, they're just literally getting their mail the whole movie.

Oh, okay, so this is not an email related thing.

This is just the postman knocks on their door to say you've got mail.

So. By the way, this should be a service.

I tell you, I use stamps.com exclusively, but if I were to ever go to the post office again, they would have to really lure me in.

And this is one thing they could do.

They could have all of their postal workers who are fine people as far as I'm concerned.

Actually very good people.

Knock on my door and then do an impression of the AOL.

They couldn't just say you've got mail.

They would have to do an impression of the AOL thing going, you've got mail.

Here's what I think, here's what I think the post office should do.

Okay.

This is also a segment in the special that I do.

Oh, go on.

This is a here's what I think?

Here's what I think.

Here's what I think the post office should do.

So this is the subset of, so it's a series of here's what I thinks.

And then this is the subset of what the post office should do.

Cause isn't all comedy just here what I think?

Well, that's what I was gonna say is most specials would be here's what I think.

Here's what I think.

So here's what I think about the post office.

I think what they should do is they should take my emails, print them out and bring them to me.

There you go.

Wait, the ones you send or the ones you receive?

Whatever.

You don't care either way.

Just print about.

Now your special does not have a title.

Do you wish it had one?

So it could be something like triggered or?

You know what I've always wanted my first standup album, whatever to be called.

I wanted it to be called the first one debut, never done anything before, still fed up.

Still fed up.

And like me, like, you know, like mad at the mic.

Like pacing and like gesturing to something like, this is crazy.

Like it's like a calendar and like all the days are X'd off and that's the end of the year.

And I'm just like, you got it.

Can you believe it?

365 days of this shit?

Come on, man.

I didn't sign up for this.

So you have not put out an album?

No albums, no, just I'm just living.

I'm just hashtag living the special.

What does living the special mean?

I meant to bring that up when you brought it up and then I forgot.

So living the special is basically all the jokes that you say, oh, it's just a joke.

No, it's just real life.

And so everything.

So when one sees a standup comedian, they will initiate a premise and usually you'll think, oh, they didn't actually do it.

They don't really do that.

Oh, that didn't really happen last week.

You know how when a comedian says like, do what I do and then says something crazy and everyone goes, ah, you're so crazy.

But you know they don't actually do it.

They don't actually do that.

I actually do it.

You do it.

I do all the stuff that I say.

All my jokes are real.

And especially, the premises are real.

Some of the punchlines, I might've fudged the numbers a little bit.

Okay, I mean, take a decimal point here, move it over there, move it, you know.

But basically the spirit of everything is real and I'm just hashtag living my special.

Do you have proof of this in the special or this is just, people will have to take it on faith?

The proof is actually in the pudding that is a tie-in.

So I'm also doing a thing with Little Debbie.

Okay, so you're putting out puddings?

We're putting out puddings.

Whoa.

It's called the proof is in the dot, dot, dot.

And then you have to open up the thing and see what the actual product is in order to find out where the proof is.

You know how like when you used to have like, what do you call them?

It's hot outside.

You were just miming what I thought was a spoon, but I don't know.

A Popsicle stick and then you eat the Popsicle and when you open the Popsicle, there's a funny question and you're thinking about the question all the time and then you eat the Popsicle.

When you open the Popsicle, there's a funny question.

There's a little joke.

Oh, okay.

Oh, that's what you call jokes, funny questions.

Well, what is life but just one long funny, this is actually funny because now we're getting into dialogue from how about that?

Oh, okay, how about that?

What is life but just a funny question?

So yes, I do know, I have seen the riddles, jokes, funny musings that are on these Popsicle sticks.

So what we're doing with pudding is we're putting a funny question on kind of like, this is kind of like a throwback to the old Snapple thing.

So A, we're not using tinfoil like pull apart on the pudding anymore.

We're using bottle caps.

You are doing a lot of mime work right now and I'm struggling to keep up because I'm not too great with invisible things, but it appeared that you were holding something and then twisting the top of it.

We're using bottle caps now on pudding.

So we twist off the bottle cap, we look, there's a funny question, aka a joke, I guess is a better way to say it.

And then once you eat the pudding, the answer, aka the punchline, is at the bottom.

Of the bottom of what, of your stomach?

Of the pudding.

Of the pudding, okay.

So it's at the bottom of the pudding.

It's spelled out in pudding?

So no, no, no, so you eat the pudding and then it's some shitty like- Oh, it's on the bottom of the container.

It's on the bottom of the container, yeah, yeah.

This is where I was confused when I hear the bottom of the pudding.

I think it's written in pudding.

Yeah, so what I should have said was it's at the bottom of the container.

It's at the top of the, it's at the bottom of the cap.

That's at the top of the container.

Bottom of the cap, top of the container.

It's so easy.

Bottom of the cap, top of the container.

Let's say it's so many times that- Bottom of the cap, top of the container.

Bottom of the cap, top of the container.

Okay, good, everyone knows what it is now.

So, wow, so people should eat this pudding during your special or they should watch the special and then go get the pudding in order to- So, just to kind of round out the hashtag living my special thing, what happens is I just kind of offhand in the special, I say, God, I wish I had some pudding right now.

So that's kind of like an offhand thing.

Kind of wish I had some pudding right now.

Wish I had some pudding right now.

And then what happens is, as you're watching it, you hear a little rat-a-tat-tat.

That's a knocking sound.

And then I come in, well, I knock and then you let me in.

And then I say- Oh, wait, this is in real life.

This is in real life.

Oh, okay.

This is hashtag living the life.

Okay.

And so that's when I come in with the pudding and I go, how about you have some pudding?

I know he wants some, but how about you?

How about, how about that?

How about that?

Wow, this is incredible.

And so you have to track when everyone, I mean, this is going to be a busy night for you this Friday at 1130.

Yeah, Friday, 1130, I'm going to be out there slinging puts.

You're going to be like putting Santa Claus out there.

I'm going to be putting Santa Claus.

I'm going to be putting some people in their place, which is a place where they're going to get some pudding.

Wonderful.

Alan Strickland Williams, I beg your pardon.

Do you force everyone to say all three of those names or?

I try to force people to do less and less in my life.

Yeah, as I get older.

That's a great mindset.

You can call me Al, you can call me Alan Strickland.

You can call me Alan Strickland Williams.

You can call me Al Williams.

What about A-dubs?

You call me A-dubs, people call me A-dubs.

People call you A-dubs?

People call me A-dubs, yeah.

Okay.

People call me Strick.

Strick?

That's pretty cool.

Strick-nine, I get Strick-nine, I like that one.

I don't really understand it, but I like it.

What about Dubba Dubba Stricky-A?

That one I've never gotten.

Okay, that's what I'm going to call you then.

That's actually the name of the next Woody Allen movie.

Oh, it is?

Are you in that one too?

I'm in that one too.

By the way, what was your character?

Oh, my character?

Yeah.

Dubba Dubba Stricky-A?

So that, and then he named his next movie after your character?

Yeah, well, because what happened was, so Woody Allen, and I don't know if you ever met Wood.

Oh, of course, yeah.

But he does a lot.

Usually, I mean, usually on Mondays, when he plays clarinet.

I mean, I'm in the band with him.

Oh, you're in the band?

What do you play?

Yeah, I play Timpani.

Wait, which, both of them?

All of them?

No, Timpani, is Timpani plural?

Timpani, well, I don't know.

I mean, it's just one big drum.

It's just one drum.

You have, I'm gonna do a little mime work now.

You hold two drumsticks with little balls on the end.

Now, when you say drumstick, do you mean a drumstick to hit a drum, or do you mean the ice cream novelty treat?

I do it a little differently.

I use the ice cream novelty treat.

Okay.

And I hit, and it's a delicious, it just, like, I let everyone in the audience come up and lick the drum, and that's the last song that we play, and Woody says it.

He's playing clarinet, and then he goes, ♪ Lick the drum, lick the drum ♪ And everyone starts chanting it, ♪ Lick the drum, lick the drum ♪ And then I say, you all lick the drum.

How about you lick the drum?

And then everyone comes on stage and licks the drum.

That's great, because last time I went to the, I don't know what you call it, opera, concert, whatever.

Just a regular Sunday night.

A regular Sunday night, they specifically did not let me lick the drum.

They did not.

See, we do things a little different.

Hashtag lick the drum.

We want, hashtag lick the drum, hashtag live in the special.

Hashtag live the special, hashtag live the life. Live the special.

That's where you get the pudding.

That's where you, hashtag that's where you get the pudding, or hashtag live the life, that's where you get the pudding.

You know what?

It was an oversight that we did not also park, hashtag that's where you get the pudding.

Yeah, you gotta separate those hashtags sometimes, yeah.

But you didn't get it.

Yeah, unfortunately other people got it.

Next special.

Yeah, next special.

This is an incredible night that we have planned out for everyone.

This Friday, do whatever you do during Friday day.

Days up to you, days on you.

Days on you.

Once that sun goes down though, we want you parked right there in front of the TV and sun's going down earlier and earlier, about 5 p.m. these days.

I've said it once, I'll say it again.

Get your pudding lips ready because there's gonna be pudding on your lips.

So they need to be ready.

Yeah, just get ready for that.

That's how the phrase goes.

Yeah.

So come 5 p.m., just park it right there in front of the TV.

You got about six and a half hours.

KTLA is starting the pre-ceremonial festivities at about 5 p.m. Oh, they are, really?

So there's a red carpet involved in this?

There's a shag carpet.

Oh, okay.

Yeah, it's in my apartment.

So that's where I start.

That's kind of where I start the night at 5 p.m.

I'm counting the puddings.

I'm sort of, I'm going over my jokes.

I go, okay, where do I see the pudding thing?

And then that's kind of- You're going over your jokes that you did in the special.

Why don't you just watch the special instead of going over them mentally?

So here's the thing.

I don't know about you guys, I don't really like to watch myself.

Oh, tell me about it.

And Woody, and so not everybody- I tell you, I had a TV show for five years.

I hated watching myself, but I was so funny.

I had to.

Yeah, you had to.

I had to watch myself, I was so good.

You couldn't look away.

Yeah, gripping, just incredibly magnetic.

I've ever seen a car crash where the people involved were just so telegenic.

Oh, I love that.

Because sometimes I drive by those and I'm doing what I like to do, which is a little rubbernecking.

Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.

Oh, I actually just got a, ooh, I just felt that pain.

A little twinge, yeah.

But I'll be looking at that car crash and then suddenly I'll see those people and I'll be like, those people are so good looking.

I gotta just turn right to them.

Yeah, divert my gaze right to them.

I just think sometimes in life, sometimes you're like, oh, you couldn't look away.

Oh, was there a fire?

Or, oh, was there an old timey ambulance that showed up and you had to look at it?

Sure, yeah.

And I go, no, no, no.

That happens so many times.

You'll drive by an accident and you'll go, oh, sucks to be them, but I'm just gonna continue driving.

And then suddenly an old timey ambulance shows up with the stretcher.

Yeah, and the weird foam that they're using to get rid of the fire instead of the water.

Just a weird thing.

And obviously if you see something like that, well, first you say something, you say, look at that.

And then you say, how about that?

But for me in the City of Angels, a lot of times you'll just look around and you'll just see, oh my goodness, what a beautiful car wreck victim.

And you're just kind of, have you ever thought about acting before?

You know, just stuff like that.

Yeah, I will say at one, the only time I've ever done this, I watched one of those Faces of Death movies.

You ever see those?

Those are like the- Which Woody was that?

And I remember the feeling of, they showed a car victim or something and it was a beautiful, beautiful woman.

And I thought, wow, she's hot.

And that was my first thought.

And then I went, oh, also dead.

Ellen Strickland-Williams, Also Dead, that could be a title.

Hey, still dead.

Still, 365 days of this shit?

Dead?

Well, wonderful.

People should watch that this Friday.

One of America's best standup comics.

North America, I mean, not South America, obviously.

I've got the Southwestern quadrant.

The whole quad?

Yeah, the whole quad.

What are we doing up there in the Northwest?

I don't know what they're doing up there, Scott.

There's a lot of jams, a lot of jellies.

Yeah, tell me about it.

I'm a pudding guy.

We of course don't have time to talk jams and jellies because we need to get to our next guest if that's okay.

She is an entrepreneur.

I mentioned her earlier and she's been on the show a few times, most notably a few months back.

She had a new business, which we will get caught up on.

Please welcome back to the show, Mary Lisa.

Hi, Scott.

Hi.

Hi, so good to see you again, Mary.

Good to see you.

This is Alan.

Oh, hi.

Hi, Mary Lisa, nice to meet you.

Nice to meet you.

Put the thing right by your mouth.

What do you say?

Oh, God.

There you go, I know.

Okay, please.

I'm just an entrepreneur, I don't know.

How are you supposed to know about Mike Technique?

They don't teach you that.

They don't?

No, not at all.

When you go in to get your small business loan, do they say, hey, you may end up on a podcast at some point?

Here's proper Mike Technique?

I send my assistant to do all that type of stuff.

Oh, you do?

Who is your assistant again?

I don't know whether- His name's Roger.

Oh, okay, right.

Did we talk about Roger?

No, he's completely new to all of us.

He is?

So he's a new hire?

Yes.

Okay, well, let's talk about Roger as well.

But Mary Lisa, last, you've been on the show a few times.

Can you take us through your businesses?

One was where I could guess your DNA based on me tasting your jizz.

Right, yeah.

And you insisted on calling it jizz, not sperm.

No, that's the medical term, jizz.

And it turned out I got a real tummy ache from that business.

Yeah, so you had to quit because of the tummy ache.

Yeah, essentially I was just chugging jizz by the end of it.

Right, yeah.

That was one problem.

The main problem was I actually couldn't determine.

Yeah, you thought you could the first time because you tasted some and you were able to accurately guess because you were looking at the person.

I was just looking at the people.

Oh, okay, right, yeah.

I was tasting them.

But when people actually mailed it in, it's a little harder.

That's where it got difficult.

Also, you complained quite a bit because of all the jizz samples that were being mailed to your office.

Yeah, for some reason, you had everyone mail them here and I had to give them to you.

It's a good mailbox you have.

Yeah, well, we have a great web address for some of our sponsors and we have a great mail address here.

Yes, yes, yeah.

So that did not work and then what happened?

Then I opened a nut store.

Right.

Called Nuts Your Father Used to Eat.

Right.

And it was nuts like your father used to eat.

It was bringing back sort of the- This was part of the problem is you kept getting the title wrong and so people didn't know how to find your business.

The main problem is apparently nobody's dad used to eat nuts.

Right.

It was just my dad.

You had some sort of nostalgia for your father eating nuts.

Wait, actually, that is what the business was called, Scott.

Thank you.

Oh, it was nut-stalgia.

It was nut-stalgia, yes.

I forgot.

You forgot.

See, this is part of your issue is- Yes, nut-stalgia.

I think it's still a great name.

You have a faulty memory as well.

It is a great name.

Yeah, oh my God.

But here's the problem is you said it was a play on words nut-stalgia that you thought was so clever and then you realized no one had it.

Yes, exactly.

No one has nostalgia for nuts.

It's a crying shame.

I don't know what to do, but- I got someone with a peanut allergy and they used to like them, maybe would have nut-stalgia, but then they can't shop at your business.

It was a flawed business plan.

Yeah.

So it's no longer with us.

RIP.

I really had to go back to the drawing board after this, of course.

A little rest in peanuts.

Oh, this guy, where was he a couple months ago?

Because that would be a great title for the business, Rest in Peanuts.

Yes, maybe I might open it again.

No.

Someone dies, you get some nuts.

That's right.

Well, a lot of times people don't realize that you're at the funeral and you get hungry and that's why so many people faint at funerals.

That's why.

Not because of the emotion or whatever, but because they forget to eat.

Well, the emotion of being hungry.

Yeah, I guess that's an emotional response too.

Like, I'm hungry.

Yeah.

So these funeral nuts, are you married to this idea, Alan Strickland Williams, or would you let me have at it?

Look, I'm not married to anything, okay?

Go nuts.

So the rumors are true.

Wait, go nuts.

Hold on, that's Mobile Nuts.

Wow, this guy, I need to hire him.

Sorry, Roger, you're fired.

Sorry, Roger.

Go nuts is actually not that bad of a business name, I have to say.

I've never heard Scott approve of anything, even a little bit of what I've done.

Well, most of the entrepreneurs that come in here, and you are no exception, have just crazy ideas, except for last week, we had Etou Fay, who had all these wonderful, delicious meals.

He just talked funny.

So you're a little bit, you're like most of the entrepreneurs we have, where you're a normal person, and by all rights, you seem sane and lucid.

Okay, I'll take that as a compliment.

And yet your ideas are bad.

Wow.

Don't take that as a compliment.

I will.

Please don't.

Okay.

Can I ask you a compliment?

Sure.

Have you ever thought about cashews and dark chocolate?

You asked her a compliment?

I just wanted to get it on the combo.

Okay.

Have I thought about it as a combo?

Is this a combo?

Why do we never see a cashew with dark chocolate?

Cashews and dark chocolate.

Huh.

It's a great question.

Is that primarily a milk chocolate pairing?

I feel like whenever you see nuts covered in chocolate, it's always milk chocolate.

Yeah.

But I'm a big dark chocolate guy.

I've heard that.

I wonder what these flavor profiles, and by the way, flavor profiles, when people say that in cooking reality shows, don't they mean just how something tastes?

I think they're just talking about how the pudding tastes.

Oh, so I guess- Are you okay?

I mean, some may say no.

What's up?

Your business went under.

I'm sorry about that.

Listen, you win some, you lose some.

You've lost exclusively at this point.

Okay, fair enough.

Yeah.

But I feel like I've got a winner on my hands now.

You started something new.

Yes, and I would like to announce on your show that I did win a European game show.

Oh, you did?

A European game show?

Yes, it's called Shank Tank.

Shank Tank?

It's similar to Shark Tank.

How similar?

It's essentially the exact- And how dissimilar?

It's the same premise.

Oh, okay.

But if they don't like your business idea, they'll just shank you.

Really?

So like prison style?

Exactly, so you know I've won because I'm still here today alive.

So what is it?

They say, we will buy your business.

The entrepreneur turns around and suddenly someone's behind them and just- Yeah.

And they perish and that's it.

Oh, wow.

Yeah, the business dies with them, literally.

Oh, no, okay.

So here I am in the flesh.

So you won, why would anyone go on the show?

Well, I think you're looking for backers, you know?

I guess, but is it worth it?

I mean, you're gonna die if they don't back you.

Business is cut throat nowadays.

Oh, literally.

It's so true.

Although I guess it's when you get shanked, it's not really the throat, it's more of a- It can be wherever you want it to be.

Oh, you write down your preference going in?

Yeah, a shank in the neck is actually a good idea because you go quickly.

I guess, I guess the stomach would be the slowest and most painful way.

Yes, or the butt.

The butt, oh, yeah.

Yeah.

Do they say I'm gonna tear you a new asshole while they do it or?

I hope so, I wouldn't know because again, I'm here.

Again, you didn't lose, yeah.

What was your preference, neck?

Yes, because I just want to go.

Back, pussy, crack?

Yes, all three in that order.

I believe that was four, my dear.

To get shanked in the pussy is one of my lifelong dreams, but that's another podcast altogether.

Yeah, I don't know which one it is, but you gotta go on that one.

Shanks, but no shanks.

Oh my God, this guy, I love him, I'm falling in love.

Are you falling in love?

I think so.

Okay.

I felt, you know, what can I say?

Look, if you want to go on a date, we'll pay for it.

Look.

Wow.

That's a rule in LA, if you have a date from a podcast, the podcast has to pay for it.

The whole relationship actually, yeah.

Yeah, we'll pay for the wedding, we'll pay.

We're gonna bankrupt you.

Okay.

My goal.

So what is the new business?

What did you pitch to these shanks?

Are they sharks?

No, because it's shank tank, there's no sharks.

So when you walk in, do you say, good evening, shanks?

Yes.

Oh, okay.

So they're shanks.

Yes, exactly.

And then you say shanks for having me, of course.

Okay.

And then- And then they say shanks, but no shanks?

Exactly, that's obviously familiar with the show.

It's very popular in Europe.

And then they sing shanks for the memories.

Exactly.

Okay.

So this idea, here's the thing.

We always should have been on the cutting edge as an entrepreneur.

So- Sure.

You know, for me, what I've discovered is the one thing that is really valuable nowadays is your information.

Data, data mining.

Yeah, this is what people want.

They want your information.

Yes, exactly.

So I thought a lot about it.

And I think the main thing people are afraid of is, who's gonna steal my information?

Where is it?

What is it doing?

If I give it to my postman and make him deliver my emails- And they're good people.

Yeah, they're great people.

But if I give it to, who are they gonna give it to?

Exactly, what's happening?

Where is it?

I think that's the main issue.

People are concerned.

So- This is top of mind for a lot of people these days.

I tell, I'm telling you, this is a good one.

Okay.

You telling me this is a good one.

All right, great.

Thank you.

I will say, my grandfather was a data miner.

Okay.

And he died of hack lung.

Oh.

Oh my God.

Oh boy.

I told you I'm falling in love.

This is very similar to a guest we had approximately three weeks ago.

Anyway, continue.

Were they also late?

That's where you really are unique.

So here's what I do with, this is my new business, okay?

What I'm gonna do is I'm pairing you, you just a civilian, I'm gonna pair you with somebody who's gonna steal your information.

Okay.

Okay?

And the idea is then you know when it's gonna be stolen and you know what they're gonna do with it.

It takes the guesswork and the worry out of your data, what's happening with it.

You see what I'm doing here?

I see, I guess, in my mind I thought that you were going to be more preventative in nature.

But why?

It's gonna happen.

You know, I guess every single company that you've ever given data to, something pops up and they go, we will not share your data.

And then you hear three years later, oh, your data got out.

Exactly, so why not this way?

You have two opportunities here.

One, to make a friend with this person who's getting all of your information.

Right.

Two, you're finding out where is it going?

The dark web, the blacklight web, where is it going?

Right. You know.

You finally know.

Exactly. Okay.

This is interesting.

I mean, I guess one question I was wondering is how do you find the people who are stealing the data?

I have connections everywhere.

I've not found that to be true in either of your businesses that you came on the show to promote.

I just feel like the criminal element in me are, we're like this.

Simpatico?

Yeah, exactly.

Yeah, by the way, she's miming.

Although I don't think that's miming something.

That's just making a gesture.

Yeah, crossing these little fingies over here.

So I know a lot of criminals and I feel like they want your information and I'll hook you guys up.

You guys want to go for lunch at Denny's, discuss everything, do it.

You want to get married like Alan Strickland Williams and I, do it, you know?

Right, so what do people normally do with the data?

Well, normally you have your data and then you just go, oh God, I hope no one takes it.

I'm losing control of my life.

I understand the concept at this point.

Yeah, and now you go, I have control.

I know who's taking it.

I know what they're gonna do with it.

Exactly.

So who normally gets it?

It usually goes to credit card thieves or?

Exactly, or people who are trying to steal your identity.

Right, okay.

And so that way, can you then prevent them from doing it?

Or there's no, at this point, once they've got it, they can do what they want.

Once you're along for the ride, you know what I mean?

Right, so it's just more peace of mind.

Exactly.

Of like, oh, someone did steal my identity.

I know who did it.

I know what they're doing with it.

Exactly, maybe they have a good story.

Like, oh, I didn't want to work anymore and I want to take your social security checks.

And you go, oh, okay.

Like, okay, so it humanizes the experience.

Exactly, that's all I'm trying to do here is humanize stuff.

Right, because once you get to know someone, then you, and walk a mile in their shoes.

Exactly.

You can see why they did it, and then, you know, you can sort of have empathy for them.

If you want to exchange shoes with this person, you can.

That's an option.

Okay, is that, that's a preference you can check when you sign up for your service?

Sure, the shoe preference.

Check it.

Does it just say the shoe preference?

It does. Yes or no?

It does, yes.

Okay.

I need to work on the form.

Yeah.

But Excel is so hard.

It really is.

Alan, do you know how to work Excel?

You're a guy with an alligator on your hat.

Yeah, I mean, Excel, that's great.

I mean, we all do it.

You know, it's fun.

Sure, sure.

I like it.

That's the one with the grids and the boxes, right?

Oh, yeah, definitely.

I guess, I love this.

I've always said it.

If you don't have grids and boxes, you ain't on Excel.

I know, so.

I have a question, what if I just want more data?

Can I just get more?

Sure.

Do you supply data?

Yeah, is there a data package that you?

Yeah, what's your data package?

Is there unlimited data or?

Sure, unlimited data, yes, for everybody.

For every, oh, okay.

Now, here's the thing.

You might start doing it, sell your data, and then you think, oh, I want somebody else's data.

Let's trade.

You can go both ways on this.

Okay.

Oh, okay, so you can get other people's data.

So this is almost like a dating app.

It's like data dating.

Do you have a family plan where you can get a whole family's data?

For sure, yes.

You want my daughter's data?

You take it.

Yeah.

That's not a bad title for your business.

You want my daughter's data?

Sure, this is like that TI thing.

Did you see that?

I did not.

Oh, yeah, he goes to the gynecologist and.

Checks his daughter's hymen, which is normal.

And I go every month.

Just to make sure it's intact.

I would think all that checking would sort of puncture it at some point, wouldn't it?

I've always said a daughter is like a car.

Just take her to get her checked out.

I try to get my hymen checked every month, and they're like, get out of here.

Who cares?

Really?

So you still have yours?

Yes, doesn't every woman still has hers?

I guess I don't know the physiology of that.

I read an article about it.

Apparently you never lose your hymen.

You don't?

That's where TI is misinformed.

It just stretches.

Hmm, okay.

You can lose your friends, you can lose your hymen, but you can't lose your friend's hymen.

Exactly, but you cannot also lose your own hymen.

Your own hymen?

Yes.

Yeah, it just stretches.

It just stretches.

So what does it do?

It stretches and then like is in the back there or?

It does Pilates and yeah.

I don't know.

It sags like everything else, am I right?

I feel like we're getting off topic with your business.

Although this might be part of it.

Have you ever thought about the slogan, this is your daddy's data?

Okay.

Wow, tied in with nostalgia.

Maybe nostalgia could be part of this too.

Like remember when your dad had data?

Yeah.

This is your daddy's data.

You know how when you go on a plane and they'll give you free nuts?

Yeah, and free wifi sometimes too.

Sometimes free wifi, but usually only if there's a problem.

Right, yeah.

The iFi delta.

Like say the TVs are down.

They're like, hey.

They're like, hey, here's free wifi.

Yeah, I'm like, gee, thanks.

You know what I really.

Why, you don't like checking your emails?

What's up with this guy, seriously?

He's a weird point of view.

Look, I know that you're all tech 24-7, 2.0.

I said Excel already, you know what I mean?

Yeah.

Sometimes I like to unplug.

Wow.

Yeah, your alarms.

Yeah.

Definitely.

Look, we need to take a break.

Mary Lisa, can you stick around because we have a.

You've never asked me that before.

Well, you always have.

So I just assumed that you had time.

Okay, yes.

We need to come back.

When we come back, we'll have a sports manager.

This is exciting.

The world of sport.

What are you looking at me for?

I thought when I said that, I thought that you would say, oh, that is exciting.

I guess it isn't this exciting.

And you just like looked me up and down.

You gave me like.

I was thinking this guy's got some very valuable data.

Okay, don't steal my data.

We'll be right back with more Alan Strickland Williams, more Mary Lisa.

Sorry, I called you Larry Misa almost.

I love that name.

Larry Misa?

Let's do it.

Larry Misa.

We'll be right back with more Dubba Dubba Strickeay, more Larry Misa.

We'll be right back with Comedy Bang Bang after this.

Comedy Bang Bang, we are back with Dubba Dubba Strickeay and Larry Misa.

Dubba Dubba Strickeay, you have a special coming out this Friday, 1130.

Larry Misa, you have your business.

Where's it located?

In the cloud.

In the, oh.

It's a wet business.

It's a wet, so no brick and mortar.

No, not this time.

That's, you know what?

I mean, that's a lot like your name.

Alan Brick and Mortar Williams.

You know what I mean?

We're going fully digital with the middle name in 2020.

Oh, you are?

Okay, great.

That's a good idea.

Look, we have to get to our next guest if that's all right.

They are a sports manager.

Yes, I mentioned that before.

Please welcome Carter Misa.

Carter Misa.

Hi, I'm Carter Misa.

Hi, how are you?

Hey, I'm really good.

Yeah, I'm a sports manager.

I manage the JV boys basketball team at my school.

They're really good.

We're the Eagles.

Oh, you are a young person.

Yeah, I'm 14.

I mean, I don't think that's that young, but yeah.

I'm like, I mean, I'm in middle school.

You're an adult to the, certainly in the Jewish faith.

Sure, I mean, I like to party.

So like, you know, I'm like a cool guy.

I'm not like a little kid or anything.

No, Carter, of course not.

You're, I mean, 14 is, I mean, it's not incredibly old.

It's not that young, but I guess I expected when I heard sports manager, I expected, you know, maybe someone who managed the Portland Trailblazers or something to that effect.

No, I mean, like I keep stats on the team.

I mean, I would have liked to have played on the team.

I would have been cool.

I'm not like that good at basketball, but I was like, I was like on the team and then I wasn't good.

So I would just like give the guys like hand massages to try and like earn my keep, you know.

Massages using your hands or on various parts of their body, or you would simply massage their hands.

Their hands with my hands just to try and like, feel like I was a part of the team, you know.

Right, yeah.

What position did you play?

I mean, I played like on the sides.

Okay, you didn't even learn the position.

So that's probably why you were not all that good.

I don't know, but like I'm doing a good job now.

And like people are like, oh, like Carter, he's like good at like keeping stats.

Like how many RBIs do we get?

Okay, yeah, I don't know that RBIs are a basket.

You said it was a basketball?

JV boys basketball?

Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.

JV boys basketball at my school.

Yeah, okay.

So stats?

Yeah.

Statistics?

Yeah.

Right, and you're in charge of these.

They don't hand them off to the refs or the coach or anything like that.

This is your responsibility alone.

That's my job.

I'm like sitting by the scoreboard thing on the, by the audience.

And I like write down.

The audience.

Who got how many rebounds and stuff.

Yeah, see you have kind of a musical theater sort of point of view of what the basketball game is like with an audience and.

I am also, I'm also in the musical.

I'm being guided.

You are?

I'm in Into the Woods.

Oh, you are?

At my school, yeah.

Okay, great, where are you playing?

The Baker?

No, like in the play, like everybody's John Cena.

So like I would be the Wolf, but like.

What do you mean everyone's John Cena?

Well, like theater's not popular in my school.

So they try to make it accessible for everybody.

So then they just did it like all the characters are John Cena.

Are John Cena?

Yeah.

Everyone's playing John Cena?

Well, I mean, you're like John Cena playing that character.

Wait a minute, you have the actual John Cena comes in and plays all the characters?

Well, I'm trying to figure out what you're saying.

Oh my God, Scott, you're so old.

I'm too old to understand.

John Cena playing?

It's an okay boomer moment.

Huh?

This is not okay boomer.

I don't understand what you're saying.

It's really simple, Scott.

Like every character is its own character.

Like originally, like however it was.

You have the Baker, you have the Witch, you have the cow.

Yeah, but they're all John Cena, but we're John Cena playing like the Wolf.

So I'm like a John Cena Wolf, but mostly John Cena.

And then everybody auditioned, everybody wanted to do it once that was.

So everyone has to do a John Cena impression first of all, and then they tack that onto whatever character they're playing?

It's not really about like doing a John Cena impression.

It's like just being John Cena.

Just embodying John Cena.

Yeah.

Can I see a little John Cena from you right now?

Well, I mean like I just mostly dab.

You dab meaning doing the dance the day?

Yeah.

Oh, okay.

Does John Cena dab?

I really don't, I mean.

He does when I'm John Cena, because that's what I'm bringing to my part.

Like that's what art is.

That's like what Ms. Zetterstrom said.

She said like that's what art is.

I'm sure John Cena has dabbed at a certain point.

At least once in his life, John Cena's probably dabbed.

John Cena, if you're listening, show us a picture of you dabbing.

He's dabbed 17 times since I've been him.

Does he listen to this podcast?

I hope so.

I'm actually gonna look up on the dark web here.

I'm gonna look.

Ooh, that's my zone.

Image search for John Cena dabbing.

So continue to talk and tell us about this into the woods.

So what character are you as John Cena playing?

I'm the wolf John Cena.

Oh, the wolf?

Yeah, so it's like, oh man, this girl plays a little red.

She's really cool.

Little red John Cena.

Okay, would you consider this to be dabbing?

This is a gif.

I mean, it looks like he's like embarrassed about something.

It looks more like he's turning away from something embarrassed.

You wanna take a look at this, Lara Nessa and Dubba Dub? I dabbed better than that.

I don't think that constitutes a dab.

That's a sneeze.

Yeah, it really does look more like a sneeze.

That's about, oh, and here's something.

He, okay, so this is a seven second, yeah, I'm gonna visit that.

I'm not just gonna click on it.

A seven second gif.

This is a YouTube.

This is seven seconds.

Let's see what he does here.

Okay, it looks like, is that Beyonce and John Cena?

Oh, he is.

He is. He is dabbing.

He is definitely dabbing.

Also, your podcast has a lot of video.

So John, we did find a little video of John Cena dabbing.

Is that how you dab when you're John Cena?

I mean, it's me, it's a wolf.

It's mostly John Cena.

It's my own art, you know, but it is like that.

It's like a little smaller and like very, very cool.

Looks like a sneeze turning away, like, excuse me.

It's full of shame.

Full of shame.

So, well, that's wonderful.

How's the team doing?

The basketball team?

Yeah, what are the stats on the Ws?

Not great.

I wish I could write down more stats, but they don't do that much stuff.

Really?

They don't score the baskets?

No, I mean like, yeah.

How many, can I ask a question?

How many dribbles?

I mean- Are you keeping those kinds of stats?

I keep tally because they aren't getting any rebounds.

They haven't gotten any RBIs.

And- Oh, is that, that's how you shorten rebounds?

No, no, that's different.

That's a real basketball injury, right?

Yes, exactly, exactly.

I can't explain everything to Scott.

They're not getting enough of those?

I mean, they just like, they play it safe, Scott.

Yeah.

They play it safe and they're playing so close to their chest that nothing really happens.

Literally they're holding the- The ball to their chest and then double dribbling.

Well, no, cause they don't walk.

So they can't get in trouble for traveling cause they don't move.

They just stand there with the ball close to their chest.

It's sad.

That's not a good basketball team.

I wish I could still keep them loose with hand, to hand massages.

Yeah.

Are those hand massages welcome from the team?

Are they- Oh yeah, I mean, everybody likes a massage.

It's nothing weird.

I mean, not that- But they consent to it.

You don't just like go up behind them and then start stroking their hands.

No, I'm like, hey, Ethan, you want to loosen up?

And he's like, yeah.

And you say with a hand massage.

You don't just then spring a hand massage on them.

Well, then I start massaging their hands and they're like, that's cool.

When you said that it wasn't weird, is it actually weird?

Is it weird?

It really isn't weird.

And I'm like- Have you done the stats on is it weird or not?

I have done the stats on if it's weird or not.

And I have not tallied anything.

Okay, so no weirds.

It's not weird.

It's just a bunch of friends helping each other.

I think the problem is, is if you're doing the stats and you're the one making it weird, as Pete Holmes said, the person that you're giving the massage to would probably be intimidated and not want to say that they feel weird around it.

You should get a third party to come do that stat.

I don't want to have to explain this, but it's the job of the manager to be vigilant and to be aware of everything that's happening before, after, and during the game.

And I'm saying there's no weirdness.

It's just a hand to hand massage between butts.

Hand to hand massage.

Wait, did you say between butts?

Butts, butts.

Yeah, Laramisa.

Oh my gosh.

You know me, I've got butts on the brain.

I mean, as long as I've known you.

Butts and nuts.

Hey man, this guy gets me.

He really does.

I'm going to be paying for a wedding, a divorce, everything.

I want a fancy wedding too.

Really?

I've never been married, so I wanted to.

Not a destination wedding.

I don't know if I can.

Oh yes, destination to Chernobyl.

Destination to love.

Yes, love Chernobyl.

Now I'm not so sure about this guy.

I actually came on the podcast because of love.

You did?

Oh, what's going on?

Well, there's this girl in my school, and I really want to ask her to the Millennium Dance.

What's the Millennium Dance?

Is that coming around in approximately 80 years?

No, it's a year 2000 themed dance at my school.

Isn't that funny that kids think that's a fun thing?

Because I remember them being like, stay away from your computer, it'll eat you.

That's part of it.

It's like Y2K, it's Outkast, Savage Garden, Golden Girls.

What about the Willennium, the Will Smith album?

I don't know what that is.

That predated you by about six years.

And that's what makes me sad about kids, that they're not educating them about all Will Smith's albums.

Yeah.

I know about Jayden and Willow and the Karate Kid.

And I know a lot of 2000 stuff.

I know that Kareem Abdul-Jabbar wrote an episode of Veronica Mars.

There's a lot of cool 2000 stuff that the dance is gonna encapsulate.

Right, okay.

So this dance is coming up, when is it coming up?

On December 14th.

December 14th?

Yeah.

Wow, that's pretty late for a dance.

No, it's also my birthday.

Anyway, I want- Happy birthday on December 14th.

Thank you so much.

This girl- The pressure I feel, whenever anyone mentions they have a birthday coming up, I shouldn't have to say happy birthday then.

It's not that day.

No.

You get it on the day.

I rescind my happy birthday.

That's fine.

If I see you on the day, I'll give it to you.

Thank you.

I'll write it down.

And I'll be looking forward to that.

Okay, yeah.

Just try to find me on the street.

So this girl, what is her name?

Nevaeh DeLay.

Yeah.

Her first name is Heaven, spelled backward.

Oh, wow.

Okay, so- I don't think the last name's anything.

Yeah, DeLay- It's Yailed.

Did she go to Yale?

It's Yailed?

Yailed.

Oh, I don't know.

He's so fast.

Wow.

Nevaeh DeLay.

Yeah.

And what does she like?

Well, I mean, she doesn't like me very much.

Really?

Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.

Then why do you want to go to the dance with her if she doesn't like you?

Because she has a bunch of my organs, Scott.

What?

Like, she got really sick in seventh grade and then we did this big thing at my school where we were like trying to find her an organ donor.

And then it turned out like I was a match for everything.

So she has like my kidneys and like- Both of them?

I wanted to give her both, but they said one is okay.

So I gave her one kidney.

I gave her one lung.

I gave her a bunch of cartilage, marrow, my cornea, and a bunch of hair too.

And then like, I was like, okay, now we're like super connected and she doesn't like me.

I was going to say, I didn't want to mention the physical things going on with you, but now that it's come up, I mean, you're wearing dark glasses.

You have a walker, you're on dialysis, it looks like.

Yeah, and I can't really bend because of the no cartilage.

Have you thought about giving her your heart?

Oh my God, this guy.

I want him so bad.

You would die, you would die.

I'm dying now, Scott.

She's so pretty.

She owes you, I'm sorry.

Can I say that?

She owes you.

She owes you one day.

I'm not a person who's like, look, you know, I bought you dinner, you owe me.

Yes, I am.

You are definitely, yeah.

So Alan, you know, just keep that in mind.

If I buy you dinner, you owe me.

Okay.

Right.

But I think she owes you at least, you know.

One dance.

Yes.

It's one dance.

I mean, even more than a dance.

Me too.

Do you think she'd enjoy a corsage made of older nuts from a store that went bankrupt?

I mean, she takes so much already.

I don't know if there's anything she wouldn't like, but I did have a peanut allergy and I don't know.

I don't know if she has it now.

See, it's a really, it's a problem with children.

I should've realized this.

Well, week, we've been bred week.

Yeah.

So has she ever spoken to you?

Did she ever thank you?

Well, she was really mad at me.

Why?

Because she took all my organs and then she found, so she's a Christian and she found out that I dabble in the occult.

Okay.

So she, so suddenly she has organs that have maybe been touched by dark magic.

Yeah, and I, and she, I was like, I was like, I only drank goat's blood like a couple times a week.

Like, it's not that bad.

And she was like, I've got Satan in me now.

I don't like you.

And I was like, I don't know.

She's alive at least.

I know, that's what I said.

But I don't know.

She, but she's a, I came on the podcast cause I wanted to ask her to dance cause she's a big fan of you.

Oh really?

Wow.

That's amazing.

Okay, tell you what, we need to take a break.

This is a good tease for the other side of the break here.

When we come back, you will ask Nevaeh DeLay, yelled heaven, if she wants to go to the dance with you, an occult dabbler, who knows?

But mostly John C9 into the woods.

Right.

So we'll, this is coming up after the break.

If this doesn't make you stick around, I don't know what is going to make you stick around.

We're going to be right back with more from Carter Meza, more from Dubba Dubba Strickie A and more from Laramisa.

We will be right back with more Comedy Bang Bang after this.

Yeah.

Comedy Bang Bang, we're back here.

We have Alan Strickland Williams, AKA Dubba Dubba Strickie A.

We also have Mary Lisa, AKA Laramisa.

You can actually call me Mary Strickland Williams now.

Oh really?

Yes.

You actually cannot do that.

Sorry.

We gotta sign the paper first.

I'll take it back.

Forget it.

Anyways, another failure for me.

You really shouldn't be so hard on yourself.

I mean, this is not comparable to your failed businesses.

Those were major, major fuckups.

This is more just like you have no social awareness.

Oh God.

I've been blessed with nothing.

I don't think, they're not equitable though.

Like don't feel as bad about this.

You should feel very bad about your businesses.

Don't feel as bad about this.

Okay, thank you for the scale of what I should feel bad about.

It's more of a human failing.

The latter is more of a personality failing.

So I have no money and no love.

Thank you.

Yeah, but they're not the same thing.

They're not equal.

To you?

No, to you maybe they are, but.

We also have Carter Meza, who is the JV boys basketball manager at his high school.

And he is romantically attracted to, is that safe to say?

Yeah, I mean, it's serious.

A long time listener, apparently named Nevaeh DeLay out there, Nevaeh, it sounds like you're listening.

You say she is a fan of this show.

She's a fan of you specifically.

Me specifically, I don't know what that means.

He said she saw Run Ronnie Run.

She's been on the Scott Aukerman train.

She was really into starving kidnapper?

And your writing.

Oh, okay, well, I don't know about that.

So what is it that you want to say?

Obviously you have a troubled past.

The ups, the downs, and I gotta say everything in between.

Yeah, the middles are hard too.

Yeah, those middles where it's like, you get a little bit of acknowledgement, but not as much as you want.

What do you want to say to Nevaeh?

Okay.

Nevaeh, I'm coming to you today, not as a man with fewer organs than he should have, but as a boy standing in front of a girl, asking her to think of him for the upcoming Millennium Dance.

I could be your Y2K.

You thought it was gonna be bad, and then it was whatever.

I thought it was gonna be bad, and then just kind of everyone shrugged.

Yeah, and you may hate me now, but like Prince said, we're gonna party like it's 1999, and then we're gonna dance.

Let's dance.

As David Bowie said.

No, that was also Prince.

And if you would be my date, I would give you my heart, my head, my butt, and my hands for massaging from now until 3008.

Please don't be 2000 late telling me if you will or will not be my date.

The end.

I wish Adam Strickland-Williams would say something like that to me.

I know.

And I will, I will.

I'm gonna borrow that parchment later, but that was- Yeah, it started rhyming right there at the end.

I didn't want anybody to expect rhymes the whole time, so it was at the beginning.

That was my opening line, and then I was like, I don't wanna people to be disappointed.

Be forced with this.

Yeah, some factual errors in there regarding Prince singing this dance.

I have something to throw out there.

Do you think you really are in love with Nevaeh, or perhaps are you in love with the organs that were yours inside of her, and you're in love with yourself?

Wow.

Which is ultimately what we're all trying to achieve.

Well, I think we're trying to get past that.

Really?

And open ourselves up to the love of another.

Well, but first you must achieve the love of yourself.

Well, true, if you can't love yourself, then you can't love someone else.

It's so true.

But then there are those of us who love ourselves too much.

And- And if you can't look beyond the love that you have for yourself, you can't look beyond the love you have for another.

It's a real slippery slope here, but I see what you're saying, Carter.

When you find yourself around Nevaeh, are you intoxicated just by her scent?

I mean, I do feel like, you know, a soulmate is also someone who like recognizes their kidney in another person.

Does she smell all organ-y?

Does she smell like she has- Does she smell like you?

Does she smell like you?

I mean, there's a specific scent to goat blood that you can't recognize unless you've been touched by the dark lord.

And so I definitely like feel that blackness coming off of her, but I think she's trying to suppress it with her love of Jesus.

I gotta say, here's another thing that maybe you could, possibly if you wanted to meet in the middle somewhere with her, like you could say, hey, I'm not gonna be, you know, dabbling in the occult anymore.

I mean, at this point you only dabble.

I only dabble.

Why not just say like, I'm gonna give up the occult if maybe you're not so Jesus-y?

Ooh, man.

And you know, it's just like, it starts with the, it starts with your kidneys, then it's the occult.

And then it's like, what else am I gonna have to give up?

This is where you draw the line.

I mean, somewhere.

You'll do anything for her, but not dabble in the occult.

It's hard to love myself, but I can respect myself enough to keep my love of the dark lord intact.

What do you love about the dark lord?

That's the other thing.

His smile.

Never heard that about Satan.

Now here's my question.

Is the dark lord on the dark web?

Because if that case, I've got quite a proposition for you.

Uh-huh.

And I'm- What would he do with your data?

Yeah, he would do stuff with it.

That's not a bad name for the business too.

What would he do with your data?

Because it raises questions of like, what would he do?

And who is he?

You know, it's like a mystery.

It's like you opening up a book and someone's dead on the first page.

You're gonna read to the end.

I think that's not gender specify, if you don't mind.

Okay, what would they do with their data?

Women hackers who would love at your data.

Satan's nemesis already did a what would they do thing?

They were bracelets.

What would Jesus do?

Oh yes, what would Jesus do?

I don't know.

He doesn't want to seem like a hacker.

We call him Jesus, not Satan's nemesis.

He doesn't want to seem like a hacker.

Well, you know, do you think this will do the trick?

Do you think Neveah is going to take you up on your offer?

I mean, I hope so.

But I've got a lot of big proposals planned for the opening night of Into the Woods.

Proposals to whom?

Regarding what?

To Neveah, she's the only one other than the Dark Lord.

So proposals for what though?

For this dance coming?

Oh, okay, so this is just one that you're gonna do.

But what if she says no when she hears this episode?

Oh man, I think she would say yes if you encouraged her, Scott.

Come on, Scott, do it.

Wow, chance to do something good.

I hate to get involved here, but look, Neveah, if you're out there and you're a big, big fan of the majority of my work ever since the year 2000, Run, Running, Run, and even beyond, look, if you want to go on a date here with Carter, we'll pay for it.

And- Forever, forever.

Forever.

Bankrupt.

So you're not only gonna have free organs for life, because you'll give her more organs, right?

Anything she wants, other than my love of Satan.

Okay.

I'd love to treat you to some free personal information from somebody.

Wow, okay, so we're sweetening the pot here.

Alan, what do you have?

I got two puddings with your and your and heaven's name on it.

Side by side puddings?

Dual couples puddings.

Couples puddings.

So these are conjoined puddings.

These are connected, it's one large pudding tub.

Like a terrain of pudding.

Like a whole, like an elongated thing of pudding.

Do they lay in a trampet?

Oh my gosh, it's so- I think they're gonna varsity blues it.

Oh, I see what you're saying.

Okay.

I don't know either.

Smearing pudding all over their naked bodies.

Yeah.

And laughing at the jokes written on the caps and the bottoms of the pudding.

Yeah, obviously.

I don't know how she could say no to that.

I mean, that sounds great.

Free organs for life.

I pay for every date you ever go on.

We have free data.

We have a puddin' terrain that you're gonna varsity blues all over each other.

Nevaeh, how can you turn this down?

I mean, sure, Carter is maybe not the greatest physical specimen, but that's partly your fault, if not all your fault.

It's mostly her fault.

You know, I mean, what was she sick with in the first place?

Lupus.

Oh.

Okay.

So look, Nevaeh, how's Nevaeh supposed to contact you?

Oh, she just texted me.

She texted you?

She just texted me.

Oh wow.

Oh my God.

Oh my God, oh my God.

Okay, open it up, read it, please.

Do you mind reading it on air?

Hang on, I forgot my password.

I'm so nervous.

Hang on, hang on.

Stop touching.

I got it, I got it, I got it, I got it.

Okay, okay.

No one's touching you.

Actually, I have your password because I've sold it on the dark web.

Oh, is that why you can't get in?

Okay, what's- It's one, two, three, four.

One, two, three, okay, thank you.

I'm in.

She said- You're jacked in.

She said, WTF NNRK.

What's NNRK?

NNR, let's try to break this down.

NNRK.

First of all, if you just try to do it, like it could be a shortened word, NNRK.

NNRK.

Do you think it's NNRK?

Maybe it's like, not, never.

No, no.

No, no, argh.

We should start at the beginning, WTF, the Marc Maron Podcast Show.

Yeah, do we need to get him involved?

Oh no, fuck, that was the podcast, shit.

Oh, God damn it.

She listens.

Oh man.

She's a Maron fan.

She locked the gates, am I right?

Oh.

You guys look the same.

I know, I did all this work.

I'll take it as a compliment.

What am I doing here?

Oh, I miss my hands.

Oh, I'm so sorry.

I don't know how she heard this then, if she's more of a WTF fan, but- They should be like such a stupid idiot.

You're not stupid, Carter, you're okay.

You know what, I mean, you don't have a lot going for you.

Yeah, that's true.

The stats on my smarts are nothing.

For someone with half their organs, I think you're doing great.

You're doing okay, yeah.

You only have half your organs.

Thank you so much.

People talk shit about the year 2000, but you guys are all right.

I don't know what we have to do with the year 2000.

We lived through them, but I don't think- Yeah, we don't represent.

I'm certainly not the year 2000, if that's what you're.

But- Maybe party over zero zero, oops, we're out of time, maybe.

Certainly, yeah.

Let's dance, put on your red shoes and dance the blues.

Of course.

Well, look, please find out what NRK means, because that's, maybe you can text back.

But we are running out of time here.

Hopefully, Nivea will text you back.

But we just have one last thing to do, and that is a little something called Plugs.

♪ You had something to plug ♪ ♪ Which in the fuck did you ♪ ♪ Now you're on CBB ♪ ♪ Tell us what you're up to ♪ ♪ Now it's time to pay our dues ♪ ♪ For bringing on a guest like you ♪ ♪ And making us all shrug ♪ ♪ With the mother city of loves ♪ ♪ You had something to plug ♪ All right, that was Policy of Plugs.

Of course, a, what'd you call that, a song parody or an homage?

I'm not really sure.

It's like a genre parody, kind of, right?

Well, not really, because it literally is the Depeche Mode song with different lyrics.

But that was by Crewe Lies, C-R-E-U-X Lies.

Crewe Lies, thank you to Crewe Lies.

All right, what are we plugging?

And Alan, obviously, this Friday, big day for you, but the night is even bigger, am I right?

The night is young and I am 2,000 years old or whatever.

Yeah, watch the half hour on Comedy Central, 11.30 p.m. on November 15th.

And make sure your door is unlocked because you're gonna come a-knockin'.

Hashtag living the special is in full effect.

You might get a pudding.

Wait, I thought you definitely would get the pudding.

Well, I mean, look, I have 20 puddings.

Oh, no, so only 20 people can watch this special?

Why are you even promoting it?

As many people can watch as they want.

You might get a pudding.

Honestly, if you don't live in LA, you probably won't get a pudding.

Do they have to live within one block of you as well?

Well, I pretty much at this point, you know how like in Star Wars, it's like all parsecs?

Yeah.

For me, my distance of time or length is pudding.

Oh, okay, so like if you're not 20 puddings away.

If you're not 20 puddings away, you know.

So this is basically like your roommates you're gonna get puddings to.

You might be licking your lips thinking, God, I wish I had some pudding.

If you're closer to me, you might be saying, hey, Alan, thanks for the pudding.

Right, okay, all right, it's a deal.

Laramisa Mary Strickland-Williams.

Oh, God.

What are you plugging here?

Oh, if you wanna hang out, come to the Eagle Rock Target.

You know what I mean?

Oh, okay.

Yeah.

Is that where you are?

Mainly, yeah, that mall's great.

What do you do there?

Oh, there are these fuzzy animals you can ride around on.

There's a seafood city.

What aren't I doing there, you know?

Okay, all right, yeah, good.

That's good that you got a plug for them, great, all right.

Hey, man, see you down there at the Eagle Rock Plaza.

See you down there, sure, certainly.

Carter, what do you wanna plug?

You can see me at Into the Woods at Paul Walker Memorial.

John Cena, you can see John Cena.

You can see John Cena in Into the Woods at Paul Walker Memorial Middle School on December 14th.

The whole school is named after Paul Walker?

I mean, it's a memorial to him.

Sure, yeah.

The whole school's about family.

Yeah.

I love that.

Do you guys all drink Corona?

We talk, family's all we got, stuff.

What was the school name before Paul Walker passed away?

MLK.

They replaced MLK with Paul Walker?

There were a lot of protests that should have won, but this is the world we live in.

Yeah, Fast and Furious is popular, I guess.

You can also check out my friend Giovanni, at Giovanni, J-I-A-V-A-N-I, on Instagram or jiovanni.com or UCB theater doing musical improv.

Mm, that sounds fun.

Meh.

I'm lying.

How's your Cena work?

I'm supposed to be on WTF this whole time.

Yeah, I'm sorry about that.

Weren't we all?

Speaking of which, we have some live comedy bang-bang shows over the next couple of nights, but if you think they're WTF, you'll probably be entertained just as much.

Tonight, we're in Philadelphia at the Merriam Theater, and tomorrow night on the 12th, we are in Washington, DC at the Warner Theater, and those are all with Paul F. Tompkins, Lauren Lapkus, and Carl Tartt are all joining me for those live comedy bang-bang shows, and those are the last ones of the year, if not ever.

So make sure you go out to those shows.

And also the Between Two Ferns movie, I'll plug it, if someone else didn't want to.

You can still watch that on Netflix.

I'm in that.

That's out there.

All right, let's close up the old plug bag.

♪ Close your eyes and open up that bag ♪ ♪ Close your eyes and open up that bag ♪ ♪ You gotta get those eyes closed ♪ ♪ Get up, get up, open up that bag ♪ ♪ Get up, get up, get up, don't be closing ♪ ♪ Don't be closing, open up that bag ♪ ♪ Let's get loaded, let's get loaded ♪ ♪ Open up that bag, open up that bag ♪ ♪ Let's get loaded up the bag ♪ ♪ Open up that motherfucking bag ♪ ♪ Open up that bag, open up that bag ♪ ♪ Hey, hey, hey, hey ♪ That was a great song.

Yeah.

That is pretty good.

That's a really good song.

I did not like that.

I don't know about that song.

No one?

Okay, all right.

No additions.

This week, we will see.

We only have a few more weeks left with that plug bag thing.

Can you believe it?

Wow.

It's been almost a year.

We're gonna have a new one coming up in just approximately six weeks or so.

Guys, I wanna thank you so much for being here.

First of all, Alan, good luck with everything.

Thank you.

And- Thank you for having me.

Good luck to the people who book you in the future as well.

You may wanna let them all know that there's a little padding that they need to do in the schedule.

A little diva time.

Sure, a little DT for dubba dubba strikey, eh?

Mary Lisa, thank you so much for being here.

Please have me back, Scott.

I- Come on.

Are you gonna have a new business next time, or is this one gonna fail?

I always do.

I mean, yes, and then I always have a new one.

Okay, what do you, how long do you give this one?

I mean, it seemed like it died in the room.

Quite honestly.

All right, well, I didn't wanna judge.

And then Carter Mesa, did we ever find out what, what was it?

NNRK, I looked it up.

It's neural network residual cringing.

Neural network residual cringing.

Cringing.

Cringing?

What is cringing?

No, that's a comedy special.

Cringing, okay.

But maybe she meant cringing.

So neural network, I mean, did you give her any nerves or any of your brain?

She's got everything.

Anyway, hail Satan, go Eagles.

Okay, yeah.

That's how we traditionally sign off this show.

Hail Satan, go Eagles.

We'll see you next time.

Thanks, bye.
