♪ Comedy Bang Bang ♪ What goes up must come down. I'll see you in hell, Mom.

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

Thank you to Paterno. I wonder if they're related to Paterno.

How great would that be? Paterno.

Feel good movie. Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang. My name is Scott Aukerman. I'm the host of Comedy Bang Bang. Welcome to the show. That's my radio voice.

Welcome to the show. The middle of Navi Doggy, almost creeping up on the end of the, not the calendar year, certainly, but the best of Comedy Bang Bang year. I believe we have this episode and one left. So everyone who's going to be on this show, you're still eligible for the best of episodes. So I know that's very exciting for you. We have a great show for you today. A little bit later, I'll be talking to someone in the world of sports, sporting events. I will also be talking to a person who, I don't want to get too specific, but a person who has a job. I don't consider sports to be a job. I think that's goofing around that you happen to get paid for. So I do not believe our previous guest has a job, but our first guests certainly have jobs. I would imagine.

Maybe not the one that we're here to talk about, but by the way, just back from tour, thank you to everyone who came out. A lot of fun seeing everyone out there. We'll have maybe more shows next year.

We don't know, but that's it for the, for this calendar year. And if not the fiscal, let's get to our first guests. They are the hosts of a podcast that has just started called Urgent Care. This is an advice podcast.

We'll be talking about it at length for the next five to 10 minutes.

Hopefully they've only done three episodes as far as I know that have come out, but we'll be talking about those three, perhaps some in the future. They are also comedians in their own right. And please welcome for the first time to the show, Joel Kim Booster and Mitra Johari.

How are you? You were unison. Thank you so much for that.

I love that. Well, you can come to expect from our podcast, it's mostly in unison.

Mostly just unison.

Mostly unison and nothing else. Nothing else except for.

It's very coral.

And you don't mean the, like the coral, like the sea coral.

Like I just watched that little mermaid. You see that little mermaid thing that just came out?

Wait, the one on interview, the live one, the live one on ABC.

It was on the American Broadcasting Corporation. Yeah.

I saw the clip that ABC and Disney has since scrubbed from the internet. Impossible to find, but the clip of her singing part of your world and going extremely flat.

That the end.

I'm glad that you noticed that. I didn't want to say anything. I, I, when I watch these things at home, I'm with of course my partner, cool up. And I'm always going like, I'm, I'm gesturing right now for the listener. I'm like gesturing, like, get it up there, hun. Get it up there.

Like perfect pitch.

Yeah. I obviously have perfect pitch as listeners of this show. No. But so I'm glad that someone else noticed it. They scrubbed it from the internet. They take it off.

Yeah. It was online for a second. And then I sort of was worried about that girl. I said, get her off the internet, get her away from, get her away.

She cannot see what we're saying about her. Is that a, is now, is that a little mermaid pun?

Cannot see.

You know what, Scott, you got me, you got me. You're one of the boys. Insert a buzzer noise.

Can I control this? Do we need a buzzer noise? Can I control the sound effects?

Please? 11th year. We get a buzzer.

Finally. But yeah, but they, they've since they've inserted, I might be rehearsal or maybe just a redo of her singing it perfectly. What if they had her back the next day?

Okay. We are going to need to retake this for the internet.

For no reason. She comes on Jeopardy just to do it.

She's got a lovely voice though. Of course, as a Moana fan, also, what was her television show where she and a bunch of friends put on what was that musical that they put on for that whole first year? I think you're talking about Sex in the City.

Yes, it was. She was a total Samantha on that show. She played Samantha. But anyway, no, I don't know why we start talking about that when we could be talking about your podcast, which is called Urgent Care and just started wherever podcasts are found, which is a myriad of places these days. Can I say really quickly that that is not what we wanted to name the podcast? Really?

What are the alternate titles? Agent of Chaos, Silicon Hooster. Well, I'll say we love the name that we came up with and no one else liked it or understood it. None of our friends, no one in the Earwolf sort of brass. Hit me with it. I have been so far removed from the decision making process that I did not even hear about this title.

So I want to hear it and let me be the ultimate arbiter.

Okay. One, two, three.

Dr. Ass Nurse. For advice.

For advice. Dr. Ass Nurse.

Is it Ask Nurse? No, Dr. Ass Nurse.

Ask Nurse.

Dr. Ass Nurse.

Dr. Ass Nurse. I love it, obviously.

And I still, I still actually, oh my God, I forgot to post the screenshots when we premiered.

I still have the screenshots. I was very stoned on my couch and I texted. We had planned, we hadn't come up with a name yet, but we had pitched to the network and we had said, we want to do this podcast. And then I said to Mitra, I was like, I have a fucking dynamite idea.

I might be crazy, but I think we should call it Dr. Ass Nurse.

And I remember where I was when I got the text because I thought it was so funny and so good and that everyone was going to love it. And then I said it to people who love both of us deeply.

You have to say where you were, by the way, you can't just say, I know exactly where I was and then move on.

I wish it was somewhere cool. I was in my driveway.

Not sure why that needed to be included in the story.

Well, it was really crucial because it means it's an important moment in your life.

Oh, I see. Okay. Yeah.

I mean, we took it to people of all comedies. Patty Harrison, Matt Rogers, Bowen Yang, people who know and are stupid people who are deeply, deeply stupid.

Sure.

And we thought, well, surely, yeah, the suits, the suits at Earwolf Stitcher, they're not, you know, of course, we expect to push back.

Yeah, maybe they don't get it. But the truth of it.

Artists.

Yes, they'll know.

They would get it.

Did 100 percent of them say no?

Hated it, didn't get it, thought it was stupid.

Not a single person understood where we were coming from.

I mean, I love it. I don't know whether you want to be cutting out 99 percent of your audience right for the title. I don't know.

I think the main thing we do then we should call the main concern was they were like, we don't know if advertisers will want to advertise on a show called Dr. Ass Nurse.

Yeah. And we were like, but you didn't like try and find out.

Yeah. Yeah. What if you had a segment on it just called Dr.

Ass Nurse?

And this is and this is where you deal with questions.

By the way, this is an advice podcast where people both write in and call in.

But people call in with questions about their asses, maybe you or the holes that are in the center of those asses. Yeah.

That's a really good idea.

You know, and then you can have your cake and eat it, too.

I really eat out that ass.

I really think that where's the buzzer sound? Can we get the buzzer again?

I really think that at the very least, you should compromise with us and let us have all of the promo codes for all of our different services be like better help dot com.

Slash ass nurse. Yeah.

Why not? Great.

Have you talked about this on the show? Because this could be just then.

Literally not. You are the first people other than the people that we sort of field tested the name with. No breaking news here on Comedy Bang Bang.

This is a true Sclusi. Dr. Ass Nurse may be the title next week.

You'll have to resubscribe. Actually, we should get once we get upwards of a million subscribers, we should switch the title.

Yes. Just like I did with REM show. Would you call it DR period or is it the true spelling out?

Yeah, it's spelled out. And is ass nurse one word? That's how I see it.

It's two words. It's two words.

Oh, no. Wow.

OK, well, I guess the podcast is over because Joel and I disagreed on one thing.

You guys are let's let's talk about your background before we get into the actual meat of the show. And that's going to be a juicy, juicy convo.

But you guys are both well, well, Joel, you're a standup comedian.

Mitra, you are not. You've done improv. Is that true? Or have you done standup?

I can't tell. You do standup as well.

Yes, but I did do improv for a long time. Yes. OK. And you're and it shows it shows when she does standup. Let me tell you, it absolutely shows.

That she has an improv background. You don't have that.

And not like the writing is bad.

A lot of people say that the difference is, is that because standup is so about one person themselves, that it's more cutthroat, that standups are more like, you know, hey, look at me.

Hey, look at me. And then then improv people who do standup are more like, maybe look at me, but look at all of us.

I'm always trying to get the crowd to come on stage with me.

Yes. Look at everyone in the crowd.

You guys should weigh in on this, too.

Now, I was looking up both of your what I call Wikipedia pages, and I noticed something interesting, Joel, on yours. If I may bring it up.

What do they do now?

No, I mean, I don't know if you've tended to this garden or you haven't. So this is all just third parties talking about you. So, you know, we have early life, which I didn't even click on.

Good. Although I will right now.

We're in South Korea adopted by white American couple.

OK, whatever. Career. Fine.

Personal life.

That's how I feel, too.

But down here, acclaim.

Oh, no.

There's a whole section for acclaim.

This is incredible. I don't have a section for acclaim.

You just like rock hard right now.

Acclaim.

So there are three.

Only three? You can't have three things under acclaim. Who did this?

Comic to watch by Variety.

We have a source, presumably Variety.

One of Vulture's 20 comedians you should and will know.

Or else.

And that also is sourced. And then we have named a Forbes 30 under 30 in Hollywood and entertainment. Also sourced the 11th footnote on your entire page.

Made it in just under the wire. Truly three weeks before I was it really.

You were 29.

I was freaking out.

Am I going to get this?

Oh, my God.

And it changed my world. It changed my whole world.

Am I going to be one of the 900 people per year?

OK, now you're starting to get a little mean.

I would love to be included in this acclaim. Like I'll say right now, I think you're cool.

Could they put that in the acclaim section?

Yeah.

Come on.

Link to this.

You're a cool guy.

That's right.

No, I don't know whether that's true.

That's it.

But congratulations on that acclaim.

Mitra, I.

This is humiliating.

Mitra, Mitra, do you even have a Wikipedia?

This is the oh, yes, you do. Of course you do.

This is about the extent of the research that we do on this show.

You have life and career and that's it.

So they had to put life and career into one thing because they're so little.

She loves to work.

No personal life, just career.

No personal life, just life and career.

Not even early life. Just like, look, she was born with a mic in her hand.

My life began when I started doing improv.

Although I will say you were raised in Westchester.

Don't know where you were.

Wait, really?

Westchester, Ohio.

Yeah.

And a fan of comedy from childhood.

And considers the Daily Show and MASH two shows that were pivotal.

Pivotal.

Who did this?

To developing her interest.

And that is sourced, Mitra.

That is sourced to let's let's check out who you told that to.

Rosa Escondon in Forbes.

What is the deal with Rosa in Forbes?

Really comes full circle around.

That's karma right there.

Being a bitch and then minutes later revealed that it also happened to me.

I do love MASH.

You do love MASH, really?

What's your favorite episode?

Is it the, it was a baby episode or whatever it is?

I love the baby episode.

It made me laugh so much.

When it wasn't the chicken, I was R O F L M A O A.

I know what most of those are.

Rolling on the floor.

Laughing my ass off.

Okay.

So you love MASH.

You love the Daily Show.

Sort of the wide swath of entertainment.

From MASH to the Daily Show.

Two shows, people who think they're smart watch.

I do think I'm smart.

You do?

Really?

Can we have a smart off?

Dr.

Askins.

All right, Joel, you, uh, we'll have a smart off.

You ask smart questions and we'll see who, uh, say your name to buzz in.

Okay.

Ready?

Israel or Palestine?

I'm not answering.

Scott.

Okay.

Neither.

Wow.

They both should be obliterated.

Oh my God.

Okay.

So Joel who wins?

Mitra is in the lead.

What?

Just from abstaining?

Okay.

Here's a good one.

Um, what year did we invent podcasts?

Scott.

Go ahead.

Scott.

Serial came out in 2006.

And you know what?

And then I say, um, 2019.

Wait, 2016.

You and I decided to do our podcast.

Fortunately, Sarah Koenig put us all on the map, babe.

Scott.

It's a dead heat now.

I got the date slightly off by 10 years.

Um, okay.

Third and final question.

Third and final.

How many points is this worth?

This is worth one point cause you're both tied.

Well, it could be worth anything.

Okay.

Like a million points.

No, that's a ridiculous number.

I want to have over a billion points at the end of this thing.

350 points.

Oh, okay.

Um, and is the question is what is seltzer made out of?

Scott.

Water.

Mitra.

Bubble.

Wait, put both of those together.

And you got seltzer.

A tie.

You guys both have 351 points.

You both are very smart.

Good game.

All right.

Well, that was fun.

What a relief.

Whoa.

Yeah.

Two smarties right over here.

Um, let's talk about the show urgent care.

Is this one word or is this two?

Two.

This is two words.

Are you worried that people are going to hurt themselves at home and then, you know, think they need to go to a hospital and just listen to your podcast instead?

We're hoping that that happens.

We're counting on it.

Interesting.

We're counting on it.

No, but tell us about this show.

Uh, why you wanted to do it, where you wanted to do it.

Who you wanted to do it, how you wanted to do it.

Uh, who, what, where, who, what's the one I'm missing?

When, when do you do it?

Um, we wanted to do it, I guess like I sort of decided after becoming wildly successful, you saw the, all the acclaim after receiving all this acclaim.

Three claims.

I said sort of what can I do to make my life a little bit worse?

And it was of course, to do sort of the reverse trajectory that most people do, which is, um, get successful and then start a podcast.

You think people start podcasts and then get successful?

I mean, yeah.

Okay.

Isn't that how, isn't that how all the great started?

Well, I don't know ever, ever since the person who started podcast Conan O'Brien, uh, roughly two weeks ago, uh, it seems, it seems to be, cause we started three weeks ago.

Yeah.

It seems to be the opposite.

Now people are getting successful and then looking around, I guess that is true.

And they're looking around going, I want that money over there.

And so then they come into podcasting.

Yeah, that is true.

I guess.

Um, wow.

I'm ashamed.

I'm going to go.

Oh, you're going to go.

Really?

Okay.

I mean, it's happened before on this show.

This is maybe the earliest, but, um, no, and, uh, I sort of, I do, I didn't want to do it alone.

And I knew that Mitra had, um, um, nothing going on and she needed the help.

She needed sort of the hand up.

Well, I have no acclaims as we discussed.

And I, and I thought what a good way for her to get a claim.

And, um, I knew I sort of, I wanted, I didn't want to do like, um, talk about culture podcasts because I think that space is pretty crowded right now with some brilliant podcasts on your Wolf and otherwise.

Um, yeah.

And I think, um, I grew up with listening to like Loveline and Savage Love.

And how did that work out for you in your personal life?

I mean, I've never been in a relationship.

I've had every ST you can have.

And it seems from listening to the show that you're constantly high self-medicating.

Yeah.

I mean, you're not wrong.

I would say one out of every four questions that we get Joel's answer is, uh, do a hard drug.

A hard illegal.

So here's the thing, like the joke of the show is that like Mitra and I don't have any business giving anyone advice.

Cause we're quote unquote messes, which is like a funny conceit, but also like wildly successful, live in a house, have a car.

You both live in a house or you live in separate houses or you live in separate houses.

We live in separate houses.

You do.

Wow.

For now.

The only podcast hosts who don't live together.

Yeah.

Wow.

That you are making headlines here.

Uh, so you guys are, are, uh, not the type of people who should be giving advice and yet you do.

And do you think it's good advice?

I think it varies.

I think we're, um, we are giving earnest advice.

We give good advice.

We're trying.

We give it, it depends on, you know, if you get, if you ask a good question, you'll get some good advice.

Okay.

Are you intentionally, are you intentionally giving bad advice?

No, we're giving advice that we mean, but I don't think it's always good.

Okay.

Now you've only been on for three weeks at this point.

Have people taken your advice and it's come out well?

Have you heard any follow-up?

Well, so the story of our podcast is, is that we recorded our first episode in January of 2019.

Um, and then do you remember where you were in this very studio?

We recorded our first episode in January of 19.

That very same episode would premiere on October 31st, 2019.

Um, so we're a little backlog.

The rent is due the next day.

Yeah, I know it's scary.

It's scary for us.

And that's why we said it has to, it can actually cannot come out on November 1st.

Cause we need the money from the podcast.

Right.

So you needed it to come up the day before.

We all know that's how podcasting works.

Of course.

The minute it came out, all of a sudden the checks started rolling in.

Oh, it was crazy.

It was actually scary.

How fast they came.

Yeah.

It was like that thing in Harry Potter when all the mail comes in the slot.

I'm sorry.

I'm not familiar.

I'm just looking at you and needing you to support.

Are you guys the same age by the way?

Do like, do you know what Harry Potter is and you don't because you're different ages or is this really?

So you use, you were generational.

You were, you turned 30 right after this Forbes list, which was in 1984.

Whoa.

Oh my God.

Really?

Yeah.

Uh, so, but you're not a Harry Potter person.

No, I am.

I am an HPP.

I'm a, I'm a, an HPP.

You're an HPV survivor.

Do you know what house you are in?

I think everyone in this town, this town we call LA is a little bit of Slytherin.

Okay.

I think you have to be, I think you have to be.

I got Ravenclaw somehow.

Okay.

No, you're a Slytherin.

But you think I'm a Slytherin.

All right.

I think you have to be, I think you have to be.

I think I'm a Slytherin Hufflepuff rising.

Okay.

Mitra, any opinion on this?

I think, um, I would be a Slytherin.

You would be a Slytherin.

You guys are happily embracing Slytherin.

Yeah, because I think Slytherin gets a bad rap because all the villains happen to be Slytherins, but like, that's not the essence of the house.

Yeah.

I think, I think that they're ambitious.

Calculating.

I feel like, uh, what is her name?

Name?

Who wrote it?

The, uh, the turf who wrote it.

She, I would call her a turf.

She is a turf.

Oh, all right.

Fine.

I have no opinion.

I just know that she's a turf.

Okay.

Sure.

All right.

Okay.

But this, this total turf who wrote these books, I think she wrote herself into a corner.

Like the first book she's like, we need villains, make them Slytherin.

And then she's like, oh shit.

Now, like, you know, they're all the bad people, but you know, a full 25% of these kids can't be bad.

Can they?

I think that, yeah, actually I don't think it was very well thought up because here's the other thing, like, I, um, but it sounds like something a turf would write.

For us to have notes in 20 back to you about the writing.

Because like, well, actually what is the fuck Gryffindor actually is like, everyone gives Hufflepuff shit.

Cause they're like, Oh, what is that?

They're all nice.

And it's like, no, actually their quality is that they're hardworking.

You stupid bitch.

And that's like a real thing.

What's a real thing?

It's a bravery.

Bravery.

Like they have no special qualities, but they'll work hard and sort of, but they're hardworking and loyal.

And then Gryffindors are brave and what, like, how do you even measure that?

Yeah, it seems like Gryffindors are the stars.

Yeah.

It's just like stupid.

It's stupid.

If you self identify as a Gryffindor, you're stupid.

Yeah, totally.

You're absolutely.

That's why I think Ravenclaw is kind of cool where it's not in the, like, I'm not trying.

Oh, we're smart.

Okay.

Yeah.

I'm a smarty pants.

Yeah, we saw, we saw, we saw your performance in the game.

So, so in this show, Urgent Care, uh, you, you have not heard from people or, uh, people have, have written to you to say, like, but, but your advice, I mean, meaning from previous people.

Oh yeah.

Um, we have heard, we, we talked to two teens in our very first episode.

Two teens.

Two teens who called in with sort of a joint question.

They had a joint question.

Were they related or were they friends or were they, they had never met before they were friends.

They were lifelong friends and they had sort of a classic love triangle situation happening.

And they were two points of a love triangle.

Yes.

Really?

And who were, who was the third point?

We named him Carr.

Because they kept trying to use his real name.

Okay.

And it was, it started as a question about this boy and it just sort of turned into us screaming at them, um, for a little while.

But lovingly, because it was two seniors in high school, one boy gay and one like, uh, like a diverse young woman who, uh, I think embodied a lot of the qualities.

Sounds familiar.

I really, um, I really related to her and the things that she was, she was really bad talking herself and it made me really upset and kind of snapped.

And I think both of us really, um, saw ourselves.

Yeah.

And they're in college now and they've reached out and they said, we changed their lives sort of for the better.

Really?

So they're, they already went to college.

Oh, because this was recorded back in January.

Oh, I see.

I see.

Yeah.

But we're actually, no, no, no.

They actually went to college because of our college.

Wow.

So you, you both saw each other in these two callers.

They both liked the same person, Carr, and were you sort of competitive with who would end up getting Carr because you related to these people?

We were anti- Anti.

Anti Carr.

This boy is- Anti Carr because Carr was juggling both?

Yeah.

He's a future, um, MRA sort of white nationalist.

We'll see his name in the news.

Okay.

But he'll be president.

President Carr.

Yeah.

So neither, neither ended up with Carr.

They both went to college instead.

Yeah.

They both went to college instead.

So this is the kind of good that you guys do on this show.

You talk to people and within just a few minutes, people are going to college.

They're abandoning them.

Every episode ends with someone going to college.

Really?

And you pay for it.

Full scholarship.

Yeah.

Well, you're a wallpager.

Oh, that's so nice of them.

Yeah.

Uh, well, this is an amazing show.

Urgent Care is what it's called.

Uh, if you want to hear two people just sort of fuck around and talk about things that they don't really know that much about.

And then have comedy bang bang.

And if you want people who know what they're fucking talking about, come to Urgent Care.

Okay.

And if you want young impressionable teens taking their advice for no reason and possibly fucking up their life, I mean, how would you guys feel if someone were to write to you next year and say, I took your advice and my life is ruined?

Well, we, well, we, we really, we really emphasize at the beginning of the podcast that you can't sue you.

Although I just realized we just recorded an episode and we forgot to do that.

Oh no.

They're going to be four people that take our advice and can sue us.

But relieve the suing out of it.

How would you feel just generally?

Generally.

Good because you can't be sued?

Yeah.

I mean, I, I would, I would hope that it would be taken with a grain of salt.

I mean, you talk about Loveline.

There's that fellow doctor, but that's a DR period, Drew.

And he, he must've, uh, he's, he's talked to thousands, if not millions of people over the years and they've all fucked up their lives.

Right.

And he doesn't, he doesn't care.

Right.

He's on VH1.

Yeah.

Instead he goes on the mass singer and wears like an Eagle costume.

Oh, spoiler alert, by the way, for this season.

Uh, and he's just having the time of his life.

Meanwhile, there's millions of kids who have fucked up their entire lives because of him.

What do you think about that?

Millions?

Yeah.

And he doesn't care.

That's what, that's the head space you guys should get into.

Yeah.

Can we get the buzzer?

Can we get the buzzer please?

He just spilled.

What are you pointing at?

What's a lot is going okay.

Mitra and Joel are looking into the control room.

There was a frenzy of activity.

There was a friend.

He spilled the kroy right on.

The lights in their eyes just like drained and they just sat there looking at something.

He's a brilliant actor.

He did it in such a way that made me think there was really going to be a buzzer.

Okay.

Well, um, wonderful stuff.

Urgent care.

I just listened to an episode today.

I feel edified.

Uh, I, uh, I'm not in this, any of the situations, uh, of the callers that, that, uh, talked to you, but I feel like it was entertaining to me.

Yeah.

I imagined I was them for part of it.

That's good.

I enjoyed that.

It was a little like role-playing and I went up to cool off my partner, cool up.

And, uh, and I, I said, uh, honey, I'm pretending to be these people today.

And we, we had a wonderful time.

Uh, so, uh, go ahead and do that with whomever you are with.

Uh, if you have a personal life section on your Wikipedia page, the gay teen, when you pretended, when you did your role, I was both.

We, we swapped.

Oh, okay.

Yeah.

It was very nice.

Uh, marriage is about compromise.

Is it really?

How would you know?

Do you say things like this on this show that you have no basis of knowing or, um, yes.

Do you hope to get into relationships where, uh, no.

Just in life?

I, or in your fantasy life.

I have no idea.

Yeah.

Life.

I guess I was talking about life.

Mitra is.

Yeah.

You're looking.

No, I'm not looking.

I'm not looking.

You're in something.

Okay.

So you, you have a little bit of experience of, of what you're talking about.

And I agree about the compromise thing.

You do.

Marriage is about compromise.

I have yet to be married, but I think it's about compromise.

Okay.

I've not found that to be true.

That's alarming.

Is it really?

It is.

It's it's, uh, you, you have to have a my way or the highway clause when you get married.

And one of you has to has it, have it has to has it.

Has to has it.

Okay.

She has to has it.

My favorite movie.

She has to has it.

That would not surprise me if it were a Netflix movie.

Like a Christmas.

It's like a tween.

She's got to have it.

Yeah.

It's a tween playing Mrs.

Claus.

Like they're trying to get all the demographics.

Uh, okay.

Urgent care.

It's out right now.

The fourth episode will be coming out this week.

Uh, let's get to our next guest.

This is exciting.

We were talking about this.

Uh, this is a person who has a job.

Uh, and, uh, the job happens to be bus driver.

Here you go.

Let me give that to you, Joel.

There you go.

No need to reach across the table for that.

He was good.

Now he, oh, he, he spilled with his first pour of water and then the second and then the third and then the last.

It was like you wanted to be spilling more visual media.

Oh my goodness.

It's killing.

It's killing in the booth.

Kevin is over there.

It's the funniest thing.

Like he sat in on every show for the past two years.

Never cracks a smile.

Just sits there.

Like occasionally he'll, he'll do a Tisk Tisk motion to me, which I have no idea what that means.

He is over there.

Like it's like a Def Jam show or something.

He is, wow.

Well, let's get to our next guest.

He is a, the job that he happens to have is bus driver.

Please welcome Bergy Solenberger.

Hey Scott, how you doing?

I'm doing real good.

This is Joel.

This is Mitra.

Mitra, Joel.

Hello.

Nice to meet you.

Okay.

What do you think?

I like it.

What do you think?

Has anyone ever said that?

A lot.

Yeah.

But you like it.

You gave a genuine warm smile to him.

That tells me a lot about what type of person you are.

A great actor.

Is really nice when people are always excited to tell me nice to Mitra.

I think it's really nice.

That's nice.

That's great.

Because it shows he's paying attention.

Yes.

He's engaged.

He listens to the name of the person.

Yeah, exactly.

That shows a genuine interest in you, which not everyone has.

So, you know, that's a wonderful thing.

Drag me.

I mean, not everyone has a natural way of anyone you ever talked to.

Right.

A lot of people are just like, what's your name?

Uh, I'm never going to remember that.

He remembered and he thought of a funny joke.

I'll remember your name if I can make a little funny joke off of it.

What about my name?

What about my funny no- Uh, well, okay.

What did you say, Joel?

You make a funny no-key?

Funny no-key?

We need to figure out what's happening.

You want a funny no-key, so you want me to make you a potato pasta that's not actually a potato or not pasta or not edible?

I just wanted to say it before Scott did.

Okay.

Got too excited.

What do you think of that, the Bachelorette woman who calls it knockie or what did she call it?

Knock.

I saw this video.

What did you think of this?

You really showed your ass this episode, the Masked Singer and the Bachelorette.

Those are your two points of reference.

I think it shows a disrespect to Italian culture and a lack of education.

And it speaks to American Italian erasure.

Are you Italian?

Thank you.

Yeah, with a name like Solenberger.

That's right.

So I'm not Italian.

Why'd you say it like that?

I'm not Italian.

When you say a culture, you have to say it in the way that they speak.

Oh, I did not know that.

I know I'm actually from Korea.

Okay.

So you're setting me up right now to say I'm not where you're from.

Is that the request?

I would really rather you didn't.

I mean, I could do it, but I don't really know the dialect.

Like Italians are more in our culture.

And unfortunately, there's not a lot of authentic Koreans culturally presented to us.

I mean, you could go see Parasite.

Yeah.

Maybe I have to see that movie.

Because everyone told me.

Oh, okay.

Ever told me to see the movie, but don't like it.

Do you see a lot of movies?

You're a bus driver.

Yeah.

Oh, I mean, you know, I'm always watching films while I'm waiting for the kids or while I'm driving.

While you're driving.

Yeah.

You know, technologically now you can do that.

No, I know what technology can do.

I just don't think it's very safe.

Oh, I got one eye on the road, one eye on the movie.

Or sometimes a lot of movies are more oral experiences.

Oh, really?

Yeah.

Like what?

Like Little Shop of Horrors, I can imagine.

But what else?

No, you got to see the puppeteering on that one.

Okay, so that one you got to watch.

Yes, it's a lot of practical puppeteering.

So I enjoyed that film.

So CGI stuff, you feel like you can...

Well, I tried to watch Parasite while driving and I just didn't understand a word of the movie.

Right.

Yeah, because of the subtitles.

Yeah, but I basically followed what was going on there.

You did.

It's about class.

Yeah, well, you're right.

It's pretty incredible.

Yeah.

I mean...

So you got all of that just without knowing any Korean.

Tone.

Yeah, the tone.

Tone.

Oh, just the way people were talking.

Sound effects.

So again, if you want me to try it, I could do my best.

That's all people ever ask.

I don't think that we need to try.

I'm trying to make this best of episode and I feel like Joel's setting me up perfectly right now.

Well, he's giving you permission.

Well, Mitra, what's your background culturally?

I'm Iranian.

Okay, great.

So I could say either of those cultures in the voice of the culture and make the best of you thinkin', Scott?

I don't know.

I think I would definitely make you the best of.

It's happened before, certainly, when we had some calls from China, but I don't think that we necessarily need to shoot for the best of.

I just think that the man that's not of Korean or Iranian descent is telling me not to, but the people of that descent want to hear the impression.

Why am I standing in the way here?

I don't know.

I mean, I'll let the people from these countries decide.

Do you want to hear Bergy Sullenberger, a very Jewish man, attempt to imitate?

So you saw the movie about me.

A very Jewish man.

Oh no.

Sully was taken.

Well, Sully was, well, yeah, and the movie, it's a film about my brother.

What?

Yes.

Sully Sullenberger?

That's my brother, yeah.

He's your brother?

Yeah, he's a famous pilot.

A famous pilot.

And of course, I'm a less famous bus driver.

But still famous.

I had no idea.

I guess I didn't really, when I saw the name Sullenberger, I didn't quite put it together.

That's okay.

He saved that bus.

We have some, yes.

Well, I did drive a bus of kids into the Hudson River.

So there is crossover between myself and my brother.

And I saved a lot of the kids after the crash.

A lot of the kids?

A lot of them.

What's a lot to you?

I mean, we had 92 souls on board that day.

I've always, I've talked about this in a previous episode.

Why is it that they always talk about souls?

I find that it just makes it so that you, you know, respect.

The solemnity of the occasion.

Yeah, it's like, oh, you know, let the bodies hit the floor.

92 flesh bags.

92, yeah.

Who cares?

But it's like souls, you know, who, if you lose those souls to going up to heaven.

Down to hell, either way.

Either way.

How many, so how many souls out of the 92 did you say?

I'm proud to say 11 souls made it out that day.

That's not a good like percentage.

11, I mean, saving 11 souls is good.

That's right.

But from a pure percentage.

Okay.

And here come the comparisons.

Your brother saved everybody from the flight.

You only saved 11 of 92.

No, I'm not in jail because I saved the 11 and the accident was accidental.

You know, is that how that works?

Yes.

Yeah.

What exactly happened?

What was the accident?

I was watching a film.

Well, which film?

Have you seen the movie Sully?

About your brother?

I said, well, don't anybody could crash into the Hudson.

And so I said, and, and save the people.

And so I did it to show that this was intentional.

You just said the accident was an accident.

I didn't want anyone to die.

That was the part that was accidental.

So the accident was intentional, but the people dying was an accident.

Now here's something.

This is kind of a public service announcement.

It might come up on your podcast.

Buses don't float like planes float.

Oh, really?

Yeah.

You can water land a plane.

Yeah.

A lot of times they make a plane.

A design flaw if I ever heard of it.

Yeah.

They make a plane be able to float because of things like this.

They don't expect that bus drivers will intentionally take the bus off.

And yet it happened.

Yeah.

And so I'm, um, I'm glad to be here to kind of talk about floating bus reform.

Um, I think it's very important culturally that we have that.

Floating bus reform.

Yeah.

So buses don't float.

Like a duck boat.

Would you?

Thank you.

You're welcome.

How come you can go on a tour of Austin in a floating boat and that also drives.

But if your driver is jealous of his brother and wants to show him up and tries to crash a bus and save everybody that won't float.

Yeah, I guess this is a good point.

Thank you very much.

Why doesn't everything float?

Uh, well, you know what, if you ask Pennywise, uh, it does.

I mean, that's a good point.

You watched that movie on the bus too.

Uh, yeah.

Oh yeah, I did.

I did.

I watched the second one.

On the bus.

Yeah.

So you pirated the movie.

That's right.

Is it not on?

I guess I did pirate it.

It's a two hour and 45 minute movie too.

How long is your route?

Well, let's just say the kids were a little late that day, but you kept them there while you finished.

You know, you want to make sure that you've had your full experience as a bus driver in the film and I didn't want to interrupt it.

To say bye to everybody.

Don't forget your backpacks.

Make sure you clean up after yourselves, tip your waitresses, et cetera.

Waitresses?

Yeah.

You know, are there waitresses on this bus?

I need two souls on the bus.

Two of them were waitresses?

Two were waitresses.

I'm a lot like my brother.

Planes can have flight attendants.

I can have people serving people on my buses.

Okay.

So is there like a first class section when?

Yeah.

We have a first class and that's kind of the attractive students, the ones with potential.

The attractive ones?

Yeah.

Who's judging the attract?

Yeah.

I mean, I don't want to get into the weeds of it, but you could tell when the kid's going to be hot later.

Okay.

Is this what it could be hot later?

How do you judge them?

Is this like a, you know, when little kids give you hot later in their life and you can tell when they're going to be later.

Yeah.

It was after 18 after 18.

And how old are the kids that you're driving?

It depends.

That day it was a 15 year old.

Everyone's age depends on what day it is.

Depends on what year they were born and what day it is and when their birthday was.

So it's all up to place.

You're dodging this question.

Oh.

Look, when I see something, I do agree you're right about one thing.

When I see, when I'm on a plane and they say, Hey, by the way, your seat floats.

I go, we'll make everything float.

You know what I mean?

Like, and then when you go through that, a security line, they say, Hey, these trays are anti-microbial.

I say, well, make everything anti-microbial.

I don't like microbes.

No.

Make everything in the world anti-microbial.

I'm not going to disagree with you on any of this.

Okay.

Thank you.

I feel like we have a good thing going on.

Yeah.

Like I, you know, I really like your point of view about everything.

Wow.

All right.

My man, my man, Scott Aukerman, or as I call him, Scott to see you.

Scott to see you, Scott.

I don't think you just use her joke.

No, that was nice.

Nice to meet you.

This is Scott to see you.

Okay.

Scott to see you.

It's not a pun though.

No.

If it was like, I got to see you, I would sort of Scott to see you.

Yeah.

Hey Scott.

Hey, I Scott to see you sometime soon.

Not a fan.

Scott to have it.

It's got to have it.

Not bad to be real.

Scott to be real.

Let me think here.

Something's got to give.

If it's not coming to you, we should just move on.

No, no.

Cause there's also Aukerman that's open for some.

Please.

There's a lot of permutations here.

While I'm asking a question, you can think about this.

Okay.

Why don't you talk him in a way?

I don't know.

Okay.

I'm getting a lot of groans from a lot of people who haven't saved any souls.

Insert buzzer.

Were you shooting for a movie about your life as well?

This is different from a very Jewish man.

Yeah, exactly.

Yes.

So Burgy is the movie about my life.

Burgy.

So they made this.

Well, there were stars in it.

We're in pre-production right now.

We are trying to get Tom Hanks's brother.

Okay.

I'm not sure that he does the voice of Woody and all the like Toy Story video games.

Yeah.

I did not know that.

Yeah.

He's got Carson.

Yes.

Thank you very much.

Thank you for noticing.

Yeah.

Well, it was a great impression.

But yeah, look it up.

I think his name is like John Hanks and he looks like Tom Hanks, but less famous or like Bob Hanks.

But he's the more authentic Hanks a lot of us have been saying lately.

So, because I like taking a look at you, you look very physically different from captain Sully Sullenberger.

That's correct.

I got what they call bus driver body.

Yeah.

Big honking ass.

I don't know that I would call your ass honking, but it's a big honking ass.

You know, you don't want to honk this ass right now.

Did you always have this ass or is this, has it sort of contoured to the seat that you're in or yeah, it contours to the seat.

As you can tell, it's kind of honking, but it is flat like a bus seat and rectangular rectangular flat honking ass.

That's right.

Which is a lot of people are saying that's going to be the new craze.

That a Lego ass.

Oh, Lego ass like, uh, um, Lord of the rings.

Lego loss.

I think is who you're thinking.

Oh, okay.

Okay.

My mistake.

I've been reading, you know, when you read a book and you pronounce a word one way in your head, Lego ass the entire time.

Yeah.

I haven't seen the movies yet, but you know that you're reading a book.

Those are the movies you haven't seen.

No, I mean, can you imagine the drive I'd have to take these kids on?

Yeah.

Especially the extended version, which is what I would watch.

Yeah.

Are you allowed to be a bus driver any longer?

Well, that's, uh, I'm running, that's why I'm here is I'm running my own private bus driving company.

What does that mean?

Private?

So you're not paid by the state anymore.

I would imagine you're not allowed to be.

No.

Yeah.

I'm not allowed to be hired by the state, uh, paid by them.

And so I it's kind of like the hired means.

Yeah.

Not only can they not hire me, but once they did, they couldn't pay.

So could they not hire you and pay you or a work study program?

All right.

No, not hire me and pay me.

Oh, that's interesting.

Probably not.

So they'll hire neither hire nor pay is what they say.

Uh, I feel like I'm in the Lord of the rings.

It felt like a Lord of the rings, Shakespeare.

Yeah.

We kind of did.

Yeah.

So you're not allowed to, so what is the private part of this bus driver?

Well, it's like the black water of buses.

So, you know, you contract out to us private.

Is that ironic because you drove into the black water?

Now that, no, I actually don't like people remembering the water thing.

Uh, you just said it first thing.

When I saved 11 kids is the thing we want to talk about.

No, that's not spin.

You know, that's just, I did drive into the water.

I also saved 11 lives.

So those are two separate events.

Yes.

That's the way one needs not talk about the ladder and while bringing up the former.

Another Shakespearean Lord of the rings.

Thank you.

Uh, but I, so, um, I can get your kids to school twice as fast as a school bus.

How, uh, why would you need to, uh, in case you were, your kids are running late and you want to beat the other kids to school.

So you'd have to plan to be late.

Yeah.

So you just, so if you are late, call you up or if you're late, call me up.

Why wouldn't I just call an Uber then?

An Uber.

I mean, those are so unsafe.

You don't know if you're trusting the kids, like who the person is.

Yeah.

There's, there's who you are.

They're a lunatic.

Yeah.

There's an element of mystery, but with you, we know 100%.

I disagree.

I've still got a lot of mystery to me.

I, uh, what's mysterious about you?

Um, let's see.

Uh, what's mysterious about me.

I mean, I'm very, when you go on a date, although I perish the thought at you ever entrusting your soul with another and entwining them, do you, what do you hold back in reserve?

By the way, we have advice, uh, podcasters here who can help you with your dating life.

If we wanted to get into that.

I guess the first thing is sexuality.

I won't let them know what my preference is.

That's a mystery they have to solve.

But aren't you going on a date with your preference?

No, no, it could be, uh, it could be somebody that is of the, uh, yeah.

You're going on dates with people who are not your preference just to throw other people off the scent.

You got to stay mysterious.

Okay.

You got to stay so exciting to not know if you're the decoy or not.

Don't you think that would just lead to confusion on the other person's part?

It might, but isn't confusion.

If movies have taught us anything, it's the confusion leads to long-term romance.

Uh, you know, if it's, uh, you know, identity confusion, um, or being dressed differently.

I watch a lot of farces, a lot of theater, theater for like noises, stuff like that.

I'm a huge fan of noises off.

All right.

Um, huge fan of noises off.

My favorite play.

Really?

Do you, what do you think of the movie?

Uh, you know, I, I would have not cast it that way.

Oh, sorry.

I was starting a pre wheelchair.

Oh, and yeah.

Would you have made it the post wheelchair?

Yeah.

I would have done more of the rear window with that ride.

You know what I mean?

Um, it puts an interesting spin on the sardines.

Uh, sardines.

Oh, you're doing dialogue.

Oh my gosh.

So, uh, let's see.

But yeah, um, I guess, uh, would your advice be, how long should I keep the mystery?

Let's say I'm on a date with someone that is of a, uh, Let's say, let's say you're on a date with someone you're not interested in.

How long, how long should, should, uh, uh, Bergie over here string this person along?

Seven to 10 dates.

Aren't you usually, usually physical with someone by the third date?

Maybe you are.

Yeah.

You fucking slut.

Scott, you, you're a slut Scott.

Hey, don't slut shame me.

You should be ashamed.

Just cause I happen to be a turf slut.

No, I don't know what turf is.

Is that a Harry Potter thing?

Yeah.

It's a different house.

Yeah.

It's the fifth house.

Is they the football players?

Yeah.

Well, it's, it's a move.

It's a certain move in, in Quidditch.

Oh, it's really good.

You want it.

Yeah.

You want it.

Yeah.

All right.

Call up your mom.

But Joel, are you suggesting that, that, uh, Bergie over here by the third date enters into a sexual relationship with this person and then goes on seven more dates and then breaks up.

Let's say I'm, I respect myself and my body more than Scott and I wait five or six dates instead of being a slut like them.

That much longer.

At least seven to 10 weeks longer.

That's right.

Seven to 10 weeks.

Wait, how, how, how many times are you one date a month?

Really?

You're a dick.

Because it's emotionally draining.

Yeah.

Now I find that to be very true.

So Mitra, when you go on dates, you just like pull back to your house and you just close all the shades and just curl up in a ball for a whole month after that and hibernate.

Well, yeah.

And I'm also taking a pottery class right now.

Oh, okay.

So then yeah, the other 29 days I am curled up in a ball with the windows closed.

What have you made at the pottery class?

One bowl.

Okay.

How long has this class been?

One week.

So a bowl a week.

It's been one bowl for a week.

You guys have, I mean, first with the nice to Mitra.

And now with the very naked ladies singing, you guys are really hitting it off.

We couldn't have more in common.

I cannot tell if she is your preference though.

Well, you don't know.

And you wouldn't be honest.

That's the point.

Like for example, Joel, Joel is forever single.

I can tell you that he's not my preference.

He's not your preference, but can you tell if you are his?

I couldn't tell you.

Now, so doesn't that make you a little more interested in me?

Let's go on a date.

What are you doing tonight, Joel?

Actually, um, well, I already went on a date this month, so.

Oh, really?

We're in the very midst of the month, young man.

You already went on your monthly November date.

Oh no.

Okay.

It's a holiday month, so.

Oh, that's true.

Not like going on the last week, but what happens if someone comes up to you and you're very interested in the person?

I see it in 2020.

So you're taking December off?

Yeah.

I mean, it's like most people in this industry.

I do go on vacation from Thanksgiving to New Year's.

Okay.

Interesting.

Which industry are you a part of?

The podcasting industry.

Oh, okay.

That's and that's a vacation time.

Cause that's when I need podcasts the most is November, December.

I'm driving my bus to see my family.

Will you drive your actual bus?

It's not a work bus.

This is your own personal bus.

Yeah.

Cause it's a walking advertisement for the, for.

Really?

You have an advertisement.

It's not walking, it's driving first of all.

But you have.

If we get some good business, it will be.

So you have like bus ads on there, like accidentes and all that kind of stuff?

Yeah, exactly.

I have bus ads for myself.

But they're all, they are.

Are you looking at this bus?

Imagine being on it.

Yes, exactly.

But then on the side, there's also one for a movie in Spanish that you're like, Oh, that's interesting that that's specifically where they're advertising is on the side of a bus.

So the more mystery there.

More mystery there.

Okay.

So look, if you guys, if I know we have sort of a triangle right here, if you guys want to go out on a date tonight, we'll pay for it.

Uh, really?

Yeah.

Okay.

Well, then we'll figure out exactly, you know, what your preference has to, you know, is, I don't know whether it's either of these two or something in between or something, at the far opposite end of the spectrum.

Yeah.

Well, the payment takes away some of the problem solving.

Cause obviously a certain person with one preference would pay a certain person with another preference.

Wouldn't is your preference just people with money?

I can't answer that question.

You got me backed against the wall, but let, yeah, let's just say for me, there's only one gender and his name is the almighty dollar.

Okay.

We need to go to a break.

Are you interested in sports?

Because we have a sports champion coming up after the break.

You love sports.

Yeah.

Oh, were you asking the audience?

I was asking you, but you gave away your preference about sports.

There's no mystery there.

You're not as mysterious as you think you are.

You don't know which sports.

All of them.

I bet.

Okay.

You caught me.

All right.

We are going to be right back with more comedy bang bang after this.

Comedy bang bang.

We are back with Joel Kim booster and Mitra Johari, and they have their podcast, urgent care.

Joel spilled a whole bunch of water and now he's fiddling with the Purell and has spilled that just dropped that intermittently checking his phone, yawning.

I've been very active.

Meanwhile, Mitra over here is attentive, sitting up straight.

I've been carrying this episode on my fucking eye contact with everyone.

Just a dream podcast guest.

Please come back.

It's outrageous.

We also have a Bergy Sullenberger who is sort of splitting the difference, has been alternatingly combative during the breaks, shouting at us and then sort of apologizing and weeping.

Yeah.

I have emotional issues that I'm working through, but I hope they're not coming through on the air.

Not on the air.

No, because we're just in the aftermath and your fellow guests.

I think I'm, I'm feeling more closed off than I was on the first half of the pod.

Oh, so it's not so nice to meet me anymore.

She can't help but smile though.

She's going to wonder back.

I think she's back.

I'm back.

I'm easy.

All right.

Well, we need to get to our next guest.

He is a, uh, from the world of sports, of course.

Joel, Mitra, do you like sports?

Yeah.

I'm buying it.

You do.

What sports are your favorite?

Basketball.

You play soccer, really?

What position?

Uh, well now I mostly just do like pickup, so it's just whatever, but I usually play like mid or striker.

So you fill in for whomever is not, uh, whomever is absent that day and whatever position it is.

Kind of.

What's your favorite position to play?

I like midfield.

I kind of like being all over the field and setting up shots.

Okay.

Well, this may come in handy with our next guest.

Uh, although he is not a soccer, uh, champion.

He, uh, he actually comes to us from the realm of boogie boarding.

Uh, he's a boogie board champion.

Please welcome Topher Schmitty.

Hi, what's going on, Scott?

Uh, not a lot doing, doing a show.

Uh, got some great guests here.

Uh, hi.

Um, I'm just here.

Uh, I'm a professional, uh, boogie boarder and I'm a champion from the notes that I have here.

Two time, uh, two time champion.

Two time champion.

Of what?

Of, of boogie boarding.

Where?

The freestyle in Long Beach, California.

Okay.

Yeah.

What's the, what is a freestyle?

What are the styles of boogie boarding?

There's one that's a little more regimented than the freestyle.

Yeah.

I mean, most people compare it to surfing because there's like a lot you can do on surfing, but, uh, for boogie boarding, it's mostly going left and right.

And, uh, so for the freestyle, it's, uh, choosing which direction, uh, and then going back and forth between the two.

I see.

So the, the, the regular boogie boarding, they choose the direction for you.

Regular boogie boarding is junk.

Straight down the middle.

What's happening?

What's going on?

Are you all right?

Yeah, I'm totally fine.

I was just laughing about a joke I heard earlier.

Look, I gotta know.

What's that joke?

Tell us the joke.

Okay.

So the joke was, um, Scott to see ya.

That's the one that you thought was funny.

I gotta admit, Bergy gave me $5 in the hallway and told me to bring it up.

Well, give me the five back then.

The five was fine.

All right.

Five was contingent upon your silence regarding the issue.

What do you did not realize that you have a contract.

He can't do that for you.

You can keep it.

You already have the five possession is nine 10th of the law.

Well then I think I'm going to hang on to this five for now.

Possessing my fist in your face.

If you don't give me that money back, my guy used to get my ass kicked all the time.

You are very waves by the waves by other surfers.

Uh, well that you're not a surf.

I'm not exactly.

That's why you get your ass.

Be yeah.

Yeah.

They often kick my ass and say locals only, even though I've lived there my entire life.

Live where in Long Beach?

In Long Beach, third generation Long Beach.

You are.

Where did the fourth generation come from?

The fourth generation.

I think that would be if I had kids.

Is that correct?

Well, I guess the, well, your third, your third generation.

So what was the negative one generation?

Interesting.

Or just zero generation people mean by generation.

Wait, so first generation would mean that my dad, your grandfather, my grand.

Okay.

Immigrated.

Interesting.

And you were born in Long Beach.

Yes.

So your first generation was the first generation born here.

Yes.

Yeah.

So, so he's third generation, meaning your, your parents were from Long Beach and their parents were from Long Beach.

Where were their parents?

I assume that they were like some kind of caveman or something.

It's not that long ago.

Okay.

Basically, I'm trying to get Bergy to make fun of their accent, whatever it happens to be.

I think they were, uh, uh, Japanese.

Do you all mind?

I do not mind at all.

All right, here we go.

This is Bergy Sullenberger.

Now, uh, uh, all right.

I'm so, Bergy Sullenberger, this is take one going Japanese voice.

I don't think we're doing more than one take.

Okay.

Well, you should do it until you get it right.

So this could, uh, I just want to pre, uh, introduce this.

This could now be used for cartoons.

This is kind of an audition.

If you want to send this in for a Japanese character or a, like a Ken Watanabe sound alike.

Uh, all right.

Bergy Sullenberger.

I can submit this for myself.

Is that what you're saying?

Oh, if you don't want to do something, but you want to play a Japanese character.

I don't know that I'm understanding the logic between this.

He doesn't want to do something, but what he would send in my audition.

Yeah.

So he doesn't want to audition.

I see.

So you don't actually want to go to the audition.

This is kind of like a ghost writer, but for acting.

Yeah.

Ghost voice, sir.

Like what Bob or whatever his name is.

Hanks does for Tom Hanks on the toy story.

Seems like that would be one detail you would be certain of Tom Hanks's brother, but that's the one that you've vacillated on.

Yeah.

I guess there's unforgettable brothers and there's memorable ones.

I guess so it's adding a layer of specificity that I'm really enjoying.

Thank you.

Go ahead with your, uh, I have decided that there is no way to do an East Asian accent of any type.

And I will stick to a predominantly Caucasian accent.

I understand.

And this is a good lesson.

This is a good lesson.

We're all trying to get you to do this and you could have very easily succumbed to peer pressure, but you don't have to when you're on a podcast.

Yes.

That's exactly like Ken Watanabe though.

It was pretty good.

And that's the lesson too.

Oh, sometimes you can just sound like Ken Watanabe.

Without even trying.

And it doesn't have to be a joke.

No, no.

In our own little ways, we're all Ken Watanabe.

Me most of all.

Mitra most of all.

You laughed and you smiled at me.

See, I love it.

Topher, tell us about boogie boarding.

So boogie boarding is, uh, I like to compare it.

How'd you get started?

So I've tried to surf every day, uh, for my entire life.

So it's just failed surfing?

Yeah.

So boogie boarding is like a smaller surfboard that's made of foam that you can just lay down on, uh, surfing, lay down on.

Can I ask a question?

Yeah, of course.

Do you ever fall asleep on your board?

All the time.

Okay.

Oftentimes I'm pulled to shore, uh, completely drowned.

And then brought to sleep and taking the best nap of my life.

So you fall asleep.

You then take in a lot of water into your mouth and then someone revives you.

And then I'm revived by...

They say drowning is a euphoric death.

Yes. And it's the best nap you'll ever have.

Is being dead?

Yeah.

That was my defense, uh, for, uh, when this works.

With these kids, it was nap time?

Yeah. It's the best nap time they ever had.

So I'm glad to hear you saying it on the air.

Are you sure you're even alive at all?

Well, um, once you died maybe 80 or 90 times a summer, uh, I think you, uh, have a certain, uh, experience that is kind of like, uh...

One foot in, one foot out?

Yes. It's like the dead zone, I think.

That old show with the guy from, uh...

Old show?

There was a show, right?

Yeah, I know. Anthony Michael Hall was in it, but it's like an old book, a relatively recent show.

How young are you?

I always saw a show.

See, that's why I think he died.

Maaaan.

Oh, you think he died when the dead zone was on?

Interesting. I could be a ghost.

And so he thinks it's an old show because he died.

I'm not getting the logic behind this either.

To be honest, didn't know it was a book.

Uh, I just saw it on TBS.

Oh, okay.

Yeah.

Stephen King is the writer of this.

TBS hasn't existed for years.

So...

Wait.

You're the person who comes to buy my project.

HBO Max.

You know what? I think it's HBO Max.

Oh, okay.

Oh, okay. That's recent.

So how... what percentage of your life would you say you've spent dead? Legally dead?

Well, uh, legally dead, uh, I would say it's a good, uh, 45 minutes every day.

Every day, 45? So this... you can't be legally dead more than 12 or so.

So this is multiple times?

Multiple times. I guess if you add it up, that would be what, you know, almost like an hour every day. So one in 24.

45 minutes?

I think the math on that is slightly harder.

Oh, okay.

But even one in 24 is hard to do for me.

So you die about five times a day?

Uh, well, five times... I would say I go surfing once a day.

And so I die once a day.

Is this confusing?

I feel sick.

I've never been a math guy and, uh, I'm full of...

Okay, but you're not dying for...

...full of salt water?

You're not dying for 60 minutes once. You're dying for 12 minutes five times?

Hold on.

I'm under... I'm confused for the five... five times.

Because I don't...

Because you're talking about the 12 minutes of death, right?

Oh, yes.

I believe if you've... if you've... if you're dead for 60 minutes, you are just dead.

Oh, okay.

You're dead dead.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Yeah, you can't come back after that.

I don't know. I did.

Really?

Yeah.

You're dying for full 60 minutes every single day?

Full 60 minutes every day. And I think it's like, um, my body's just gotten used to just kind of shutting down for that time.

But...

What happened? Do your organs shut down? Do you find that your heart stops, obviously?

Yes, my heart... everything kind of shuts down, and then when they compress my chest, my heart starts, my lungs start.

Are they not compressing your chest for an hour?

Well, they don't find me for an hour.

Oh, okay.

I try to go early in the morning, late at night.

The times when they are not lifeguards, usually on duty.

So why?

So...

I wish more people would ask questions like this. You're getting down to the root of it.

Why?

Oftentimes...

This sounds... this all sounds crazy.

Yeah, well, oftentimes boogie boarding feels embarrassing, and so I like to do it when there are less people on the beach, less surfers, less...

just people reading books or whatever, less people who can see me lay down on a board.

From surfers to people reading books. The people on a beach.

The two types of people on the beach, yes.

And so, like, what kind of people are you competing against, and how are you winning?

Yeah, how... I mean, if you're dying...

Yes, oftentimes... well, there wasn't a competition in place before I installed it, and so oftentimes I am the only competitor.

Oh, wait a minute. This is your own competition?

Yes.

This is like these iHeartRadio podcast awards that I was nominated for.

They nominated their own podcast for it.

What?

Yeah, it's a little bit of a prank.

Talk about acclaim.

But they nominate their own podcast for it. The thing's all rigged.

They made their own awards so they can nominate their own podcast.

Did it win?

You're incredulous about this, but this is...

Sounds like a good idea to me.

This is exactly what you did.

Well, look, yeah, I've won twice. We've held it for the last 10 years.

Who else is winning if not you?

So sometimes people find out about it, and they are the type of swimmers and boogie boarders who do not fall asleep at the wheel, so to speak.

So swimmers can also enter?

Well, swimmers that have a boogie board. I cannot swim.

Oh.

So I don't consider myself a swimmer.

I see. But someone could swim and hold a boogie board.

Yeah, and then that would technically better than me having drowned.

Right. OK. Are you ever worried you'll be in competition and you'll finally stand up on that boogie board and you'll be technically surfing and you forfeit?

Man, I mean, it would be the best way to forfeit possible because I, as I said...

It's like the movie Tin Cup. He doesn't win, but he gets that hole in one.

Yeah, he tries to hit it over that pond.

You ever see that old movie? Wait, so you remember this.

No, I watch that movie every day.

What a cool life.

Kevin Costner tries to hit it over a pond with like a bunch of times and he's winning.

So every day you go out boogie boarding, you die for 60 minutes, and then you go home and watch Tin Cup.

To recuperate after I drown, I watch Tin Cup every day.

OK.

Wow. To know that you're going to die and still choose to spend your time watching Tin Cup.

Yeah. Well, I mean, it's very satisfying to watch golf.

Golf is almost like... watching golf is almost like a nap in and of itself.

But you're not watching golf.

You're watching a narrative.

No, I do find golf to be too boring to watch.

So you like golf with a little bit of story.

I need a little bit of story.

A little bit of cheech.

Yes.

Sort of like porn.

Exactly.

How much story do you like, Joel?

In porn or in golf?

I'll take either.

I like it in golf when the two guys sit on the couch at the beginning and they sort of explain what's going to happen in the game.

And in porn, I like it when there's Tiger Woods.

Oh.

OK.

Same kind of thing.

I like it when they sit down on a couch, explain what's going to happen.

Yeah.

Most of my favorite porn is explanation porn, because then I use that in what I'm going to do later on.

Explanate? What do you mean explanation porn?

Pre-explaining the, you know, when I'm with a man or a woman, whichever I'm with, or someone who does not identify as either gender.

I say, here's what's going to happen tonight.

I'm going to kiss you.

Mitra's putting on lipstick for this.

She is really gussying up for the possibility.

Mystery is pretty dang helpful at the end of the day.

Wow.

I have a question.

What are the metrics by which you're judged as a boogie boarder in these competitions?

So how does one know you're doing a better job at boogie boarding?

So I, like I said before, I do the freestyle and so that's sort of a trick based and on a, What kind of tricks can you do?

I can go left.

I can go right.

Yeah.

I can pop up a little bit.

Do sort of like a, like a wheelie almost?

Almost a wheelie.

But I can't stay up very long and fall back down on the board.

Okay.

So you're, when you say you're popping up a little bit, you're not falling back down on the board.

You're that you're falling into the surf at that point?

Oh yeah.

Okay.

So this isn't a successful trick.

This is you getting bounced off the board.

That's me getting DQ'd.

Yeah.

It was a disqualification.

Oh, thank you for, yeah.

I thought Dairy Queen for a second.

Yeah, I wish.

You've never been to Dairy Queen?

No, there's not many in Long Beach.

I don't think.

There's a ton.

Oh really?

Oh man.

You've never run into a Dairy Queen?

I thought they were disqualified.

I think I misunderstood what those signs say.

Got it.

So, uh, So you thought you were walking by a disqualified grill and chill?

Yeah.

I look in there and I just, all these people got in trouble or something.

It's like detention.

Yeah.

Can I ask about death?

I'm sorry to take over all the questions.

Oh no, this is quite all right, Bergy.

Is this to the room or is this purely to, uh, Well, anyone who's died, I hear you see.

Joel, Mitra, either of you die at any point?

Not as many times.

Not yet.

I'm not talking about on stage.

Oh, I don't know why you're negging her.

That was to both of them.

They're both standups from what I understand.

Yeah.

No, I'm talking about dying on stage.

Okay.

Stop doing that.

Kind of sound like Rodney Dangerfield.

Yeah.

Are you interested in getting into performing standup?

I don't know.

Not like your movies.

I'd love to, but I don't get a lot of respect.

Oh yeah.

Someone's found his angle.

Well, I'm just saying I don't get a lot of respect.

Yeah.

Rodney's not using it anymore.

At least not why not.

Yeah.

I, well, I'm in talks with his family to take that over, but anyone who's died, uh, do you see a light?

Do you see loved ones?

Do you see, uh, 78 little kids?

You're spending a lot.

Yeah.

What is it like?

Is it, are they mad at, at, at Bergy over here?

What's 92 minus 11.

I'm not a math guy.

Yeah.

We're talking to 81 kids.

That's what I meant.

Well, the two waitresses.

Right.

Okay.

But we're still, we're missing one.

Yeah.

We sure are.

But that kid is not, he's not, he's.

So 78 kids died, two waitresses died, and then one kid is missing.

What is presumed alive?

There's never a body.

But yeah, there's no body that you presume alive.

He could have been a swimmer.

So you're an optimist.

Yes.

I'm an optimist.

I mean, even paralyzed kids could swim away, uh, or, you know, in that fearful moment.

But we don't know what happened to him, but what did you see?

You're spending a lot of time down there.

Uh, what do you see?

I very often, I think it's a different collection of people who have drowned, but, uh, sometimes I've seen, You're only seeing drowned people when you die.

So you think it's sort of like a David Jones Walker situation.

I saw Natalie Wood.

Yeah.

One time I mean, Did she say who did it?

Was it, was it Christopher Walken?

Um, I, I do not know if it was Christopher Walken or not.

Ask her.

Next time I drown and see her, I will ask her for sure.

Okay, good.

So you're only seeing drowned people.

So who else has drowned in the world?

Oh, let's see.

Osama Bin Laden.

What does Bin Laden's body, which one is it?

Does that count?

Cause they murdered him and then they.

Then they dropped him in the ocean.

Yeah.

So is he, do you ever see him?

I, I have seen him and so I guess it does count.

Yeah.

So anyone who's buried at sea as well.

What about Natalie friends?

Oh yeah.

Is he a Natalie friends?

Yes.

I think that, I think once you drowned, it's sort of a big club.

What about ashes that are poured into the ocean?

I think that counts as well.

That counts as well.

I will say that counts.

You're seeing a lot of things when you die.

I mean, that's kind of the fun of it.

Um, it's sort of like a little mermaid situation, uh, but more ghostly, I would say.

Do you see fish that were left on land for too long?

Um, when I die on land, I see them.

You've died on land?

Yeah.

One time, uh, once I tried to go to Dairy Queen, I got lost.

Died of hunger.

You died of hunger.

That's a long time.

I was committed to finding it and then I just couldn't figure it out.

Oh my gosh.

Well look, we need to take another break.

Is that, can you all stick around?

Uh, it was so many more questions about death and the afterlife and, and these children and what other accents, uh, Bergy here can do.

Yeah.

We know which ones I won't do now.

So, all right.

We will be right back with more comedy bang bang after this.

Comedy bang bang.

We are back here.

We have Mitra Johari and we have Joel Kim Booster from urgent care, which is out now.

Not every episode you're ever going to do is out now because it's a continuing show.

Although wouldn't that be good to just Netflix it just like record 500 of them.

Just put them all out on the first day.

We'd like that.

Yeah.

Okay.

And we also have a Bury Sullenberger and, uh, he's a bus driver or former bus driver now a private bus driver in the private sector.

Uh, and we have Topher Schmitty who is a failed surfer, but a successful boogie boarder.

Exactly.

Scott and a successful at, uh, uh, dying almost every single day.

Yes.

That is one that is very positive spin on it.

Not like that.

That's spin.

Yeah.

So tell us, uh, uh, have you ever, do you find yourself going to heaven or hell or is it a, an indeterminate location?

I think I'm, uh, not dead quite long enough for it.

I think it slows the process when you drown, uh, because, uh, you're in a field of stasis almost like your brain slows down.

Yeah.

It's, it feels like a sort of like, um, have you seen those pirates of the Caribbean movies?

Yeah.

Burgie you've seen him?

Yeah.

While you were driving?

Of course.

Yeah.

I mean, that's, I've heard him.

Um, and you're watching, I'm peaking, you know, that CGI and the first one's credible.

Well, it's very much like that.

Like, uh, you're just kind of, I become covered in barnacles.

Like I, uh, I look like, uh, my hands look like crabs and stuff like that.

Oh, okay.

I assumed in those movies, those guys had that from being dead for a long time in the water, but you're saying immediately, immediately upon dying, you envision yourself as sort of a crab person.

And then when you wake up, you are back to human form.

Do you think this depends on the way you die?

The, the method?

Is it purely drowning you imagine yourself as a crab person?

What happened when you died from DQ?

Yeah.

Oh yeah.

When I died up hunger, um, I imagined myself as a big hamburger, I think.

Oh, okay.

So you imagine yourself as whatever the, the manner in which you died?

Yes.

I think it has to do loosely with the theme of what was happening when you died.

Okay.

So if one were to burn to death.

Maybe you're made of fire.

I haven't tried it yet.

Or a piece of charcoal.

Yeah, maybe charcoal.

That would also make sense.

Or a match.

Yeah, anything in the theme of a fire sort of hot things I imagined.

So hot food?

Hot food could possibly work.

A bowl of spaghetti.

A bowl, a bowl of very hot spaghetti, uh, fresh out of the microwave.

No, no, no, no gazpacho though.

Gazpacho would not work.

Would not work.

You would not imagine yourself as that.

I know that much.

Yeah.

Right.

Well, what about freezing to death?

Freezing to death?

Definitely gazpacho would work.

And maybe the spaghetti prior to microwaving it.

So one should try to die keeping in mind what one wants to imagine themselves as when they're traveling to heaven.

Yeah.

I think that if that's going to be calming to you.

If that's a mitigating factor to you of like, I really want to imagine myself as whatever it is, like, what would you like to imagine yourself as?

If you could be any, any object, Joel, Mitra, any object in the world, what would you like to be?

I'd like to be, um, like a big bowl.

Just a big bowl.

Like that bowl you made in pottery class?

Yeah, it's kind of just one, one thing at a time.

Were you fantasizing about being the bowl as you were making it?

Yeah.

What's going to go in there?

Okay.

So how would she die if she wanted to be a big bowl?

Because big bowls, you can have hot soup or cold soup in them.

That's interesting.

I guess maybe like, uh, if there's an exposed wire on the potter wheel and you accidentally get electrocuted by that.

Wait, if you get electrocuted, wouldn't you imagine yourself as a lightning bolt?

Interesting.

I think we're combining themes of lightning and pottery in that situation because it is a potter's wheel.

If she got hit over the head with a pot.

Yeah.

Maybe if I break the pot and I slit my fucking wrist with the pot, then I'll come back as a bowl.

You're not going to be doing that though.

You're like, we don't need to intervene right now.

Jesus, Joel!

Joel just fell over in his chair.

What is happening to you?

All my best bits.

No one will be able to see that.

If Joel died like that, he would have gone.

Would you imagine himself as a chair or as the floor?

It actually seems incredibly likely that we will lose Joel in the course of this.

By the end of this podcast.

Maybe, uh, just podcasting equipment just floating up to heaven.

Oh yeah.

Hell.

Burning in hell.

Yeah.

So did you get any sense of whether, how you would be judged by our maker?

Yeah.

Who's right?

Which religion is right?

Yeah.

Um, gosh.

Which religion are you?

Do you have a stake in this?

Good.

Interesting.

Well, I'm a hardcore Baptist.

What do you mean by hardcore?

Oh, I love it.

I love it so much.

Do you think that babies who aren't baptized, if they pass away, or these kids on, on burger's bus here, if they were not baptized, they will be going to hell?

Well, look, let me put it this way.

I'm baptized every day.

And then that's a good point.

And then I die.

So if you die in water, you're baptized.

Yeah.

Okay.

We are fine.

So those guys are good.

I want to make that clear.

Go ahead.

Yeah.

So the Jew I'm Jewish.

Oh, okay.

Uh, I'm gonna be a very Jewish man about me.

Yeah.

Uh, what is that kind of what it's like up there?

Well, I think once, uh, is that kind of what it's like up there?

I'm Jewish.

Is that kind of what it's like up there?

A lot of Jews up there.

Is that what you're getting at?

Okay.

I've only been in the waiting room.

I haven't quite seen what it looks like in, in heaven.

But do you get like a canter's deli sort of vibe?

Yeah.

When people are in the waiting room, they're like, is it this cold all the time here?

Or is there, what's that?

A lot of people have those little like deli tickets.

Yeah.

But they're disregarding the ticket.

I was here.

Yeah.

There's sort of a, Go ahead.

Everybody chime in.

What else do you know?

I'm not taking it.

You can do this.

I think you found your sweet spot here.

I'm all right.

Come on.

Me.

It's an Iranian.

What do you think of, uh, when you're in canters and looking around at all those Jews?

Like, oh, I can't wait to eat my good food.

Oh yeah.

Me too.

But God, I wish I didn't have to wait so long, but these Jews keep cutting in front of me.

Well, uh, any other details you noticed?

Uh, Joel, don't lean too far that way either.

I think, uh, I'm, I'm pretty sure whatever religion you are, once you drown, you are baptized and thus become Baptist in my faith.

And that's the good religion.

Baptist.

You think baptized, uh, maybe it's baptized versus Baptist.

Uh, like maybe Baptist, like Southern Baptist is a different thing than drowning.

I'm realizing maybe I have it slightly different.

You're explaining the psychosis of why you're, why you're thinking is weird.

Okay.

Not quite honestly, not enough people do that on this show.

Interesting.

No, I know.

I'm just kind of examining myself a little bit.

Yeah, good.

I guess I have a disregard for human life.

And, um, I'm jealous of my older brother.

I guess I'm annoying.

I have a bad sense of balance.

Hey, me too.

I can never get up on that board.

Yeah.

You have a lot in common.

Connection.

Cute.

Yeah.

You ever thought about a boogie boarding or surfing?

I used to boogie board all the time.

Did you really?

What happened?

Young child.

Yeah.

As a young child, it's, um, it's me and mostly children.

Yeah.

This is a Myrtle beach, South Carolina.

I would boogie board all the damn time.

I was going to go to your Wikipedia page and find out where you were boogie boarding, but I didn't pay attention to that early life section.

Yeah.

You skip it and that's what you miss.

Yeah.

Um, so, uh, no other details, uh, up there in heaven.

That's pretty much it.

Is there like a, uh, like in the waiting room, is there like a Q and A, like a, a frequently asked questions section where you're just like, yes.

Not really a Q and A, although Q and A are both in FAQ.

So you weren't too far off.

I've asked questions.

It does not answer unless it's already on there.

Yeah.

There's like, there's a, uh, sort of a ticket, uh, taking, uh, a thing that points you to where to take your ticket.

So like a sign that points you to where to take your ticket, a sign that points you there.

Uh, then there is a sign that says, uh, stay calm, you're dead.

Uh, and then that is honestly a little calming that it's, there's some kind of, kind of order attached to that.

Like you can't freak out because there is some sort of bureaucracy.

So cool.

That can be a part of the afterlife as well.

Yeah.

So it does sound like a good place.

Doesn't it really bad lighting in there.

It's really fun.

Yeah.

Really uncomfortable seats.

Heaven is like NBC.

Oh, as someone from the peacock family, Joel.

So maybe you're actually going to hell.

Oh my gosh.

Do you think, do you think it might be hell?

I mean, I, when you get down there as Bradley Whitford singing with a new choir.

Yeah.

By the way, this is a major good place spoiler that you just dropped.

Although I guess we've been dropping Sully spoilers.

That's true.

Yeah, that's true.

But it's not a spoiler for having a real life.

Good places and based on real life and technically Harry Potter spoilers and Lord of the rings spoilers as well.

How did we spoil Harry Potter?

Well, I mean, we talked about the four houses.

We talked about the turf, which you don't find out until the seventh book.

Right.

But that male thing that you dropped me, try.

I mean, with all those letters coming out, I mean, that's a major plot point.

I know.

It's turf.

Anything like surf and turf.

You wish.

It's a lot like, yeah.

You wish.

I do wish.

I wish I could.

I'm really trying to come up with a catchphrase for myself.

So far the contenders are you wish and what are you my husband?

Pretty good.

Any thoughts?

I mean, pretty much no.

All right.

Look, they're dynamite catchphrases.

I've been searching for one for years, so I'm not the person to talk to about it.

You could reverse them and then sometimes they could go together.

What are you my husband?

You wish.

Oh, okay, great.

A long catchphrase.

Yeah.

What are you my husband?

You wish.

You better think twice.

Okay.

A little Chris Gethard in there.

You guys are on just another wavelength here.

I think that something is going on.

I really think that she's your preference.

I'm putting on lipstick.

Now you're putting on lipstick.

What's going on?

And I didn't say you could use mine.

No, no.

Oh, and I do have, um, uh, what's the thing where you have a bad thing on your lip?

You don't know what herpes is called?

Yeah.

Well, you said two different things.

You said two different things.

Okay.

I mean, Joel, maybe you would know better than I.

Um, drag me?

Can I ask you guys a question about the former name or the original idea of Dr.

Astners?

Dr.

Astners.

Is that like when someone is a nurse is acting like such a doctor?

Like they're like a doctor asked, like that's a Dr.

Astner.

That's a Dr.

Astner right there.

I think that is a take.

That is one of the ways you can interpret it.

Correct.

No, what we liked about it was that you could, you could have your own interpretation.

There's maybe two interpretations.

As we discussed, when you guys were talking about it earlier, you kept saying like, none of our friends got it.

Nobody got it.

And so what it made me think was like, what are they not get?

What is there to get?

Is there someone named, is Ed Astner a doctor?

Like, is, what are they not?

No, I think it was.

By understanding I meant, um, love.

Oh, I see.

They just don't like it.

I equate love and understanding.

Yeah.

Because if they understood it, then they'd love it.

But that's a very charitable interpretation.

Topher.

I'm sorry.

I have to keep looking down at your name.

That's all right.

For some reason you don't seem like you couldn't think of a, you couldn't think of a fun thing.

Yeah.

You don't, I mean, you don't seem like a Topher to me.

Is that always been your name?

Well, once I started boogie boarding, I thought Topher felt more correct.

So what's your actual name?

This is what I'm Chris.

It's Chris.

See, you seem like a Chris.

Yeah, I know.

Why Topher?

I don't know.

I thought Topher was going to be cooler.

Yeah.

Are you named Christopher?

Is that where the Topher comes from?

So it still is part of your name.

Yeah, but I thought I could rebrand myself.

Yeah.

As a cool Topher.

Yeah.

Nicknames are usually the first half of the name, aren't they?

Yeah.

You know?

Well, Andrew, Drew.

Well, Drew, you're right, Andrew.

That's the second half.

Yeah.

You know, don't call him Ann.

Dr.

Ann.

I just remember Dr. Drew being unmasked on the mass.

Oh, that's probably the major spoiler.

That is the spoiler.

I was trying, I was searching for what spoilers we've done.

I was like, I know there's a big one that I'm not mentioning.

He looks like a serial killer.

Without the glasses.

First of all, when his mask is taken off too, he gives up.

Like, guys, isn't it crazy that it's me?

I'm shocked it's me.

It truly looks like the last thing you'll ever see.

No, he's not wearing glasses, so people are like, who is that?

And then he goes, it's me, Dr. Drew.

But he gives the look of like, crazy, right?

But did Jenny McCarthy guess ahead of time?

She, well, I got to say, she was very close, but no one guessed.

Who did she guess?

She was on the Loveline Vibe, actually, and I believe she was guessing.

Ricky Radman?

She guessed Corolla, yeah, she guessed Corolla.

Anyway, these are major Masked Singer spoilers.

I'm sorry for anyone who's not all kind of...

If you're that behind on this scene.

They took a break for the World Series, so it's been a while since that episode.

Which one was he?

Was he the egg?

He's the eagle.

The eagle, yeah.

The egg?

Sort of a hard-robin eagle.

That's awesome.

Well, we're running out of time here.

I'm sorry to say, we only have one last feature on the show, and that is a little something called Plugs.

Two, three, four...

It's time to learn what the guests got going on.

It's nice to know where we can hear more when the show's over and done.

So in honor of the catchphrase, we'll pencil in a few dates.

It's time for What's Up Hot Dog Memorial Pugs.

Ooh, some hot licks at the end there.

Someone's showing off.

It's like the end of an episode of Marin.

That was What's the Frequency Hot Dog by Josh and Dave.

Thanks to Josh and Dave for that Plugs theme.

Send them on over to us on the Earwolf message boards if you have one.

All right, let's open it up.

What are we plugging?

Mitra and Joel, what do we got?

Urgent Care every Thursday on Earwolf.

And then you can watch I'm On a Show called Sunnyside that's on Hulu every Thursday.

Every Thursday.

Well, for the next couple of weeks.

For the next couple of weeks.

But you can catch up on Hulu.

All right, very good.

Mitra, you must have some specific plugs here.

I have a TV show coming to Adult Swim called Three Busy Debra's in the Spring, so look out for it.

And I'll be at The Bell House on December 11th in New York City with Kathryn Cone and Patti Harrison for our show It's a Guy Thing.

So get ticked.

Okay.

The Bell House, what a wonderful venue.

It is.

All right, Bergy, what do we have here?

You can listen to my podcast.

You have a podcast?

Talking on the Bus.

You talk as well.

I mean, you shouldn't be talking while you're watching these movies.

Well, it's a movie review podcast, so I'm reviewing a movie as I'm watching it.

And you can also listen to The Teacher's Lounge on Earwolf.

And You're the Man, Now Dog is an improv comedy podcast that you can get free episodes of or via podcast or check out the Patreon.

How much is this Patreon?

What are we talking?

Minimum five.

That's the min?

Min is five.

What's the max?

Uh, it's seven.

Really?

Okay.

Yeah, we want this to be Will it Bernie Sanders, a podcast.

Oh, okay.

Very good.

Yeah.

Topher, what are we plugging here?

I'm not plugging the championship for boogie boarding next year.

Because you want to be uncontested?

I would like to be uncontested.

Yeah.

So we're not going to plug that.

I'm gonna plug it.

When is it though, if you were to plug it?

Oh, it's not in the winter, is it?

It's not in the winter.

You're right.

Okay.

Well, I'll just say it.

It's August 15th.

Oh, you're in Long Beach.

In Long Beach.

Just somewhere on the, somewhere on the public.

I'm gonna sign up for that.

You'll know.

Oh, please don't.

I'm gonna sign up for that.

I'll plug, uh...

I would think you would be afraid of the water.

Oh no, I can't wait to get back in.

You haven't been back in since this happened?

Well, no, no.

I got banned.

You got banned from the water?

That's right.

That's like most of earth.

I know it's tough.

It's tough.

That's most of your body.

It's my, yeah.

And I've been very outside of myself today.

You could probably tell that.

Who could do that to government?

I guess I'll plug Asian AF at UCB LA.

That is a show.

It's a variety show with a bunch of Asian people.

It's fun.

Yeah.

How many?

You said that so negatively.

A bunch of Asian people.

I guess I'll plug, uh, whatever the fuck.

No, no.

It's, uh, how many is, I think it's like between, uh, between one and seven.

Five and seven.

Yeah.

Uh, and any that Bergey should, you know, do the dialects from or, uh...

There's pretty much all sorts.

So, uh, if you wanted to come and, uh, probably just brush up.

Don't catch me at Asian AF.

I'll be hosting the show and I'll, uh, I'll be doing some non-comedic impressions there.

That are also respectful.

They're also respectful.

Yeah.

I want to plug, uh, well, the tour dates are over, but, uh, my other show, Three-dom with Paul F.

Tompkins and Lauren Lapkus, uh, that is coming back to the free, uh, regular feeds this Thursday.

So the first episode of our, uh, recent season is coming out this Thursday.

And you can get it whenever, or whenever, wherever, however, wherever, why ever, uh, podcasts are found, uh, and we'll be going for 20 weeks on that.

So that'll be fun.

Um, and that, and this is, this was, if you haven't heard the pay version, this was a really fun season.

So check that out.

Um, also the Between Two Firms movie on Netflix.

Go ahead and watch that.

All right, let's close up the old plug bag.

Close your eyes and open up that bag.

You gotta get those eyes closed.

Get them, get them, get them, get them, get them.

Get them, get them, get them, get them.

Don't be closing, don't be closing.

Open up that bag, let's get loaded.

Let's get loaded, open up that bag.

Open up that bag, let's get loaded up the bag.

Open up that bag, open up that bag.

Hey, that was a great song.

Yeah.

That is pretty good.

That's a really good song.

I did not like that.

I don't know about that song.

No takers?

All right.

Only a few more weeks for anyone to add on to that.

I'm really going to miss that one.

I gotta say, but a new one's coming up in...

Yes, Bergy, you look like you want to say something.

No, I just wanted to be a part of something.

Well, say something about it.

Felt too late.

Nah, the moment has passed.

All right, guys.

Well, I want to thank...

Good song.

Yeah, unfortunately.

Guys, I want to thank you.

Oh, the buzzer, finally.

That's a long ass buzzer by Dr. Ass Nurse.

That's a good catchphrase.

That's a long ass buzzer.

That's not a bad catchphrase.

Yeah.

I mean, you guys could have competing catchphrase.

Why don't you say yours and then Mitra will say hers?

That's a long ass buzzer.

You wish.

What are you, my husband?

Not bad.

I like it.

You guys have some real chemistry.

That's right, I'm getting no respect over there.

Oh, boy.

Rodney Dangerfield and the state of the Dangerfield estate.

Guys, I want to thank you so much.

Joel, Mitra, thank you so much.

Good luck with your show.

May it always be popular, yet not as popular as mine.

Okay.

Is that okay?

Thank you.

And, Bergy, I don't know what to say to you.

I don't know what to say, Scott, either.

I mean, you're one of my favorite recent guests.

I really feel like you and I got something going on here.

I mean, I know I'm no Mitra here, but...

No, I had a blast.

I feel like the mystery of my sexuality has really drawn you in.

I don't know about that as much, but I like you.

Well, that's Scott so bad to hear.

Very good.

Chris, AKA Topher.

Oh, come on, Topher.

Yeah.

All right, Topher.

He was so hurt.

Come on.

Have you died today, by the way?

This morning, 5 a.m.

You did?

Okay, so you're not gonna...

When's the last time you ate, by the way?

Oh, it's been, I don't know, four and a half days.

Okay, please don't die before the end of the show.

I really...

Try not to.

Okay.

I'll try my hardest.

Guys, did we make the best ofs?

What do you say?

I think so.

Yeah, just your physical comedy alone.

All right, we'll see you next time.

Thanks, bye.

Bye.

Yeah.

Bye.
