♫ Comedy Bang Bang ♫ These mimosas aren't bottomless, but I sure am.

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

Ah, thank you to El Chico Malo for that catchphrase submission, and welcome to Comedy Bang Bang indeed, as it is the top of the show, and this is Comedy Bang Bang for another week.

Final week of Navi Doggy, and coincidentally enough, final week that is eligible for the Best ofs 2019.

So our participants should be on their best behavior to see if they can get in there.

Voting will start next Monday, December 2nd, and a shortened voting period, just two weeks of voting, before I need to close it off, and so get in early and often if you can.

And if you can't, get in late and never.

Welcome to the show, this is Scott Aukerman, and I'm the host of Comedy Bang Bang.

If you've never heard the show before, your basic interview show where I take people from all walks of life, put them in the cultural blender that is Comedy Bang Bang, and just turn it up on high and see what happens.

And today's episode is no exception.

We have a couple of social media influencers on the show.

Ooh, okay.

I'm talking about you, actually.

I figured.

And the person across from you.

Also, a little bit later, we'll have a chef, and we'll have a social media coach, so that's very exciting.

But let's get to those aforementioned social media influencers.

Is that what we are?

I guess.

Yes.

Yeah, historically.

Historically, we have influenced online.

You've influenced people to chuckle, chortle, even guffaw.

At times, yeah.

A knee slap or two.

Just laugh.

Just laugh, why don't you?

Yeah, exactly.

Why all these technical terms?

Right.

Just laugh, guys.

And that's what we want 2020 to be all about.

Certainly not the last episode that's eligible for the best of us.

It's 2019, but 2020, just laugh.

Right.

Is that the motto going into 2020?

Yeah.

Do you think someone could run for president with that as their slogan?

Well, let's break this down.

So they come out, typically campaigns don't come out with a slogan until many months into the campaign.

So more months into the campaign at this point, they've talked about their platform, what they stand for, and then they finally reveal, probably on their social media.

Let's say the name is Smith.

Okay.

Smith, just laugh.

And what does everyone do at that point?

Does everyone wonder why this happened?

No, I think that it's pretty clear.

They're just like, all right, they're trying to bring levity to the world.

That's a president I want.

So that is a campaign that you would vote for?

Absolutely.

Regardless of policy.

Really?

I'm a single issue voter and my issue is I want someone to make me laugh.

Well, what if they weren't saying that they would make you laugh?

They just wanted you to laugh.

Hey, however I get it.

Really?

So you would comply?

Yeah.

What if it was federally mandated that everyone had to laugh?

You know, that's for the good of mankind.

Okay.

I don't know.

This sounds like a dystopian society.

I think having it be a federal mandate would make it hard for me to laugh.

Well, how often- You wouldn't feel relaxed enough?

No, I think- How relaxed do you have to feel in order to laugh?

It should be really hot in the room.

It should be a small room.

Okay.

It sounds like you're just talking about right now.

Can we turn the temperature down?

So what you're saying is, what if you were in a straight jacket in the loony bin?

Would I laugh?

Yeah.

That, yeah, I mean, that might be the best case scenario once I've finally been put away and I can kind of look back on my life, even though people have wronged me and it drove me insane, now I could maybe finally see what's so funny about it.

You think people are driven insane by people wronging them?

Yeah.

Yeah, yeah.

By people treating them poorly.

So no one would be insane.

It's not a sickness or a disease or anything.

It's just, it is the result of misdeeds being levied at this person.

World wrongs.

It's the way- World wrongs.

Oh, I see.

Or wrongs by God.

Maybe God, you know, touches them in the brain or something.

Mm-hmm.

God touches them in the brain.

Yeah.

Is that the spinoff of touched by an angel?

I think so.

God touches someone in the brain.

I love it.

It's the God friended me sequel.

I think, I'm not sure about, who would it be?

The president saying, okay, now everyone has to laugh and how long would we laugh?

Demi, this is just full of holes.

It's full, well, it's not up to me to, you know, mandate.

It's about what Smith does with the slogan, just laugh.

And also it's like, how often do we have to laugh?

Well, that's the point.

Right.

All day.

Did you guys see that movie, The Joker?

He was laughing a lot.

Yeah.

And he got away with it.

And he, I mean, he didn't become the president, but there's still opportunities.

Yeah.

There's a sequel now.

He wasn't totally canceled at the end of that movie.

He's born in the country.

He's eligible.

Yeah.

Right.

Joker, just laugh.

See, that's, it's a little obvious.

That would, it's a little obvious, but maybe that's what it needs to be.

So you think Joker should be president?

I'm saying he should at least run.

I want, let's get all the options, you know?

I guess so.

Nowadays, every single person should run.

So we have 100% of the options.

Yes.

Everyone who's eligible should run for president.

And the cream rises to the top.

Exactly.

And everyone should have the slogan, just laugh.

Well, not everyone.

It doesn't make sense for some people.

Batman just laughed.

That's ridiculous.

It's the opposite of what he wants.

That's right.

He wants no one to laugh.

Yeah.

I don't see.

That's the thing.

Everyone says Batman is the good guy and Joker's the bad guy, but Batman doesn't want anyone to laugh.

That's no fun.

Bats are terrifying and that's scary, but jokes, it's just a good time.

You sound like a criminal, which are a superstitious and cowardly lot.

Smooth criminal.

Oh, okay.

That's my favorite type of criminal.

Right?

Look at you bending backwards.

It's the chair.

Oh, okay.

Sorry.

You're sitting down.

We need to introduce you guys.

They are two social media influencers.

I forgot that we didn't do that.

Yeah.

No one knows who you are as you're talking, but that was a good pre-conversation.

When you introduced me on the show, could you introduce me as Joker?

Oh, spoiler alert.

I certainly will.

Although I still don't think anyone will know who you are.

Well, he's been on the show before.

Please welcome Joker.

Hello.

Look, I think I need to get more specific than that.

Honestly.

Sure.

Okay.

All right.

He's been on the show before.

One of our favorite guests of all time.

Oh, wow.

You know, relatively speaking, Scott just looked at me with like a, whatever.

I'm just saying stuff.

Yeah.

Uh, please welcome back Demi.

Uh, did you eBay?

Hello.

And across the table from him, they are roommates.

They are co-conspirators, at least on the rent checks.

Yeah.

They are collaborators with the aforementioned rent checks.

He is also a social media influencer.

First time on the show.

Please welcome Gabriel Gundacker.

Thank you.

You can call me Gabe.

You told me to call.

All right, Gabe.

Hi.

Hey, how are you?

It's good.

I'm glad to be on.

It's my first time on, like you said, and, uh, it's awesome.

It's nice and cool in here.

It's gotten, it's gotten approximately two degrees cooler.

It's definitely cooled down for laughing though.

Yeah.

Um, welcome to the show guys.

Uh, it's so good to have you on.

And, uh, uh, I, I, uh, I worked with you separately in the, uh, between two ferns movie.

You both have, uh, what I like to call, uh, bit roles, uh, under fives.

Although you spoke for many more than five, we just cut it down to under five.

That's the process of film.

That is filmmaking, isn't it?

But, uh, I did not know until Demi, you filmed after Gabe, uh, as he wants to be called, um, Gabriel, you call him Gabriel.

Okay.

God, I just don't know where to stand on this, but I did not know until you filmed Demi that you guys were roommates.

Yeah.

How's that?

It's good.

It's great.

Well, I just got back in town, so we just got back.

Where were you?

I was in New York for about, uh, 90 days.

90 days.

That's approximately three months, depending on which of those months.

Yeah.

Which months?

I guess it would have to be 92 if it were July, August and September.

12 weeks?

12 weeks, 90 days, uh, on the dot.

I said, I'm, I can only leave for 90 days.

And they said, that's fine.

That's okay.

Who are these people?

Uh, this is my work.

You have a job for money.

That's right.

Oh, I see.

What job is that?

I write on our cartoon president.

I write and I do music for that show.

Our cartoon president.

It's not someone named our cartoon president.

No, no, no.

It's not an R. No, no, no.

Certainly not my cartoon president, which would be Joker.

Joker.

Of course.

Is this show about Joker?

Uh, not yet, but you know.

Could it be about Joker?

Any show could be about Joker if you change everything to make it that way.

You know?

Yeah.

That's all elements of it.

Right.

That's written on a whiteboard.

Oh, really?

Certainly about a Joker.

Right.

How do you mean?

Cause what are you talking about?

You know, what with the current president.

Explain yourself.

So the current president, Donald Trump.

Sure.

You sort of notice this guy is kind of like, he's a bit, he's a bit wild sometimes.

You're losing me.

He's a bit wild sometimes.

A little bit of a character.

He makes some, a wild card.

Like a queen or a...

Respect for the office, if not the man.

I respect the office.

I do not respect the man because I believe he's a bit of a, a Joker.

He certainly is, Demi.

Oh, okay.

He certainly is.

Okay.

You see where I'm going.

Guys, you, you, where did you, look, I'm just going to say it, meet.

Well, I mean, we did meet on the internet.

The internet.

Vine.

You met on the internet.

Demi, you seem to meet a lot of people in your, uh, uh, circle of friends, circle of life, on the internet.

Is that fair to say?

That is fair to say.

Yeah.

You're an internet, uh, superstar.

Well, that's not fair to say.

That's not fair to say.

So, but you, a lot of your relationships are via these ones and zeros that we call the old net.

Yeah.

Through cyberspace.

I surf the web and then I...

You're jacked in.

I'm jacked in.

Like Johnny Mnemonic?

Exactly like Johnny Mnemonic.

Down to the carrying data in my brain.

Is that the plot of Johnny Mnemonic?

I think so.

I think at the end he's finally, he's like, yep, got all the data.

I didn't ask for this end of Johnny Mnemonic.

I haven't seen it.

I wanted the plot.

You haven't seen Johnny Mnemonic yet?

No.

Have you seen Johnny Mnemonic?

I've only seen Johnny Tsunami.

Okay.

I've seen Johnny Tsunami.

That's where I was going with the surfing thing.

Oh yeah.

When you were talking about surfing.

Yeah.

Surfing the web.

Like Johnny Tsunami.

Got it.

Okay.

Yeah.

I'm, uh, I'm following you.

Definitely.

So yeah, we met on the internet.

Yeah.

We met on social media on, uh, on vine, I think.

So we met and we...

You, you both were on vine at the time.

And, uh, uh, uh, Gabe or Gabriel, you, uh, uh, started on vine according to an article that I, I read, uh, called inside the mind of a viral comedian.

Yeah.

No, I wrote that.

You wrote that article?

I did.

Yeah.

No, no, I didn't.

But, um, someone named Jita Jackson or Gita.

What do you think?

Do you, do you remember?

I do not remember how to pronounce her first name.

How long did you speak to this person?

To, to, uh, Jackson?

Yes.

Ms. Jackson.

Um, I think he is, you know, I can't actually, I can't remember what, what pub this article, but I imagine it was probably for 30 minutes, maybe 25.

Hmm.

I couldn't have been, it could not have been longer than that.

Did you have something to do afterwards?

Or why did, did you cut it short?

Why not?

I was just keeping it to yes or no answers, which I think you can.

Oh, okay.

That's hard.

Yeah.

It's good for an interview.

Right.

She had a ton of questions.

It was just yes.

No, no, no.

Yes.

Right.

That's what made it go quick.

So I would think that if we truly were to get inside the mind of a viral comedian, it would take longer than 25 minutes or so.

Yeah.

At least 30.

Yeah.

Right.

So what happened?

Well, I didn't, I mean, they, they, they don't pay you for these things.

For what things?

For when they write an article about you.

They don't pay you to.

They didn't pay me to, to be.

Are you kidding?

You don't get paid for articles?

No, I don't get paid to be featured.

That's so weird.

I've been paid for every article, every interview I've ever done.

Really?

Yeah.

How many interviews have you done?

Countless.

Just go ahead.

Count them.

Oh, let's see.

One, two.

There was that one.

That was in the old gray lady.

The old gray lady?

The paper of record.

New York time.

Three.

Okay.

Well, I've done three.

All right.

Okay.

Well, that's a, I mean, that's a hefty paycheck.

Yeah.

For me, three, I would have walked away with zero dollars.

So three divided by zero equals zero.

Right.

I see where you're going with this.

Yeah.

Zero dollars.

Exactly.

Huh.

That's too bad.

Well, I, I gotta tell you, I didn't learn that much about the mind of a viral comedian from this article other than you started on mine and that's about it.

That was my first yes.

No disrespect to Ms. Jackson.

And I'm sure it was great press for you.

It was awesome.

I mean, it flipped my world upside down.

I bet.

But let's, let's get inside this mind and let's play some of these embedded videos that are on here just so people can get a sense of your work if that's okay.

Is this turned up?

Everything good?

Okay.

So I'm going to play.

Now this is one that, that I have to confess.

We were singing probably every day on the set of between two ferns, the movie, as Zach Alefinakis was a big fan of your work and he's, and he said, Hey, do you know this?

I don't know what he wants to be called Gabriel or Gabe.

I can't quite tell, but do you know this Gabe Gundacker?

And he showed me a video and I said, Oh yeah, this is the Zendaya's Michi guy.

And he said, what is that?

And now it's no surprise that he doesn't know what Zendaya is.

He doesn't know what Michi is.

He doesn't know what the combination of those two things could possibly be, but I showed him this video.

And so we were singing this constantly and he was watching it almost every single day.

This is you out on the streets of lolly weird as we call it or Hollywood.

Sorry.

And this is you going by all of the posters for what film is this?

This was for the film Smallfoot.

Smallfoot.

We all remember Smallfoot of course from about a year ago.

The avatar of our generation.

That made quite a small indentation upon the box office, did it not?

Yeah.

Well, I don't know.

Maybe, maybe you did okay.

But this is Zendaya's Michi.

Here we go.

And the front James is.

And Zendaya is.

And Zendaya is Michi.

I enjoy the final shot of this, which is just a still photo of you next to the Zendaya's Michi poster as it zooms in.

For those of you who have not seen the video, this is sometimes when a movie that has a lot of characters and a lot of celebrities who play these characters comes out, they put out individual posters for each of the celebrities and each of the characters they play.

And then they plaster them all next to each other, all throughout the streets of major metropolitan areas.

And I was seeing these posters for a while because there were quite a few of them where I used to live.

And then I saw that video and I thought, what a wonderful concept.

Perfectly executed.

Gabe, congratulations.

Thank you very much.

Yeah, thanks a lot.

I had a lot of fun shooting that video.

How fun was shooting that video?

Oh, you were just about to answer that.

It was a lot of fun.

I had a ton of fun shooting that video.

Wow, a ton.

Yeah, actually the sun was in the way of the Mechie sign.

So we had to, it only took five minutes to shoot the video, but we actually spent...

That blazing big ball of fire up in the sky?

The exact same.

Soul, as they say?

Yeah.

It was blazing for hours.

And so we...

This was during the day, I take it.

It was probably 2 p.m., 2 p.m., 2.30, maybe.

2.30, somewhere in there, yeah.

A little later than midday.

Right.

So we had to wait like four hours to shoot that video.

Four hours?

Uh-huh.

And you just waited right by the posters?

No, we went and got a sandwich.

Where?

You sure did.

Yeah.

Do you remember where the sandwich is from?

I think it was from Home.

Oh, okay.

Home, now there's a restaurant in Los Angeles that has a couple of locations called Home.

Is that what you're talking about?

Or did you go to the home that you two share?

I was gonna say, I live there.

That's true.

I guess if I'm talking to Demi and I say Home...

That's confusing.

...that he is someone...

He's the only person who's Home.

That would mean our home.

Although, I don't know whether the members of your family are still with us.

I know I'm opening a...

It's a slippery slope here.

If something happened to them recently, that certainly happened with the Silver Sun pickups recently.

But would not members of your family know what you were talking about if you were to say Home?

They would, but their interpretation of Home would be different than Demi and I's, because they don't live in us.

Certainly.

Right.

But would either of them think the restaurant Home first, and then go, oh, you mean where we live?

I think Demi would think the restaurant, because Home is so close to Home, our Home, our Home.

It's like, there's our house, and then there's the song Our House.

Yes.

And that's confusing to me a lot.

And it's the same scenario.

Because when that song comes on the radio, sung by Madness themselves...

Yes.

The Nutty Nutty Ska Band, you're confused when it comes out, because they start singing Our House, and you're like, why are they talking about where I live?

Right.

But I'm like, well, obviously our house is in the middle of the street.

They'll say a different line.

And then they go, in the middle of our street.

And I'm like, okay.

Okay, now you're getting the details wrong.

Yeah.

Stop singing about where I reside.

Right.

If you're going to get all the details wrong.

I turn to Gabe, and I'm like, are you hearing this?

And I'll say, what are you listening to?

And I'll say, Our House.

Our House.

I'll say, you're listening to our house?

Like the sound of our air conditioner?

Right.

And no, it's the song by Madness.

Yeah.

That seems like fun.

That conversation.

That's just how we vibe in our home.

Yeah.

It certainly is.

Well, Gabe, let's listen to another one of these embedded videos in this article.

The one bit of research that I've done about you.

And this is the unofficial Wii Sports soundtracks.

Oh, yeah.

Just set up this video, if you will.

Set up the clip.

Okay.

So I'm guessing this is one of the this is me playing one of my Wii Sports songs.

But there was this video game released in 2007 called Wii Sports that came along with the Nintendo Wii if you bought around Christmas.

And it had all these great songs.

Did you buy one around Christmas or did someone buy one for you?

My mother bought one.

She brought it into home and we opened it up.

The restaurant?

Why would she bring it there?

Oh, I see.

No, she brought it to our our home.

Our house.

Wait, in the middle of our street?

Are you talking about the place where you and I reside?

No, no, no, no, no.

I no, no, no, no, no.

I hadn't even met you yet.

But well, then why would you say our how?

Why would you say our home?

This is confusing to you, too, Scott.

This is this is gibberish.

Okay, let's just say she put it somewhere.

Okay.

And somewhere, the Sofia Coppola film?

She put it in the Sofia Coppola film somewhere?

That's right.

Okay.

Sofia Coppola made a movie called Somewhere?

I don't know this.

That's what I'm surprised about.

We all know this movie.

Not sure.

Then we blue skedooed into Somewhere and we opened it up Christmas morning.

And then we fell in love with all those songs.

And then.

And these are songs that underscore the action or they are the video game stops and the video game characters turn to camera and then sing songs.

No, no, no, no.

These are instrumentals.

Yeah.

So these are instrumentals that play basically on the menu.

That's supposed to identify the song.

Ah, the sport identify the sport.

So when you hear this song, you're supposed to think of that sport.

I see.

So if you if one were to I'm not sure what the sports are, but if one were to click on highlight, there would be a unique song.

There would be a unique song that would be like as if if you were to hear highlight, it's sort of kind of it's a vocative of the sport, but in music form.

Exactly.

OK, so what are we about to hear?

So you're if you just told a story, what are we about to hear?

You're about to hear one of my fake we songs that I wrote that's supposed to be evocative of one of the sports that were not included in the game.

Very good.

This is Gabe Gundacker.

You know, people always ask me, hey, Gabe, if there was a week croquet included in Wii Sports, what would the soundtrack sound like?

And then so I wrote it.

So that's all, guys.

Thanks for tuning in and listening to my week croquet fake soundtrack.

People ask me, Gabe, if there was a oh, here we have another ball included in Wii Sports.

Oh, what the heck would that soundtrack sound like?

And so I wrote that.

So there you have it, guys.

That is the soundtrack to Wii Volleyball.

The soundtrack to Wii Volleyball.

All right.

Thank you.

We're going to just play those two if that's OK.

We're going to continue to play the fully embedded video.

Right.

Yeah, there's there's seven more, but seven more.

But yeah, but we got the idea.

Demi living with this guy.

I mean, is it like a racket, you know, constantly?

Not talking about a tennis racket.

OK, no, that'd be because there's already that game, right?

Yeah, we tennis is there's a we take one of the first ones.

Yeah, it's a lovely time.

Every so often I'll hear some beautiful music emanating from that room.

And I'm like, oh, Gabe's at it again.

Or just listening to some music.

He's probably just listening to the music.

There are times where it's one of one or the other.

Yeah, I do both.

Yeah, but I sometimes I'll bring Demi.

I say, Demi, Demi, come listen, come listen.

And he'll come in and it's always a laugh.

I'll have him listen to this song.

And he'll do you like it?

And I usually do.

Yeah, cool.

Do you do you return the favor?

No, because I don't like my songs usually.

And I'll just compose them and be like, all right, I'll just throw this out.

And I feel like if I play them for Gabe, then I might be like, oh, it's not as good as I thought.

Right, because I'm really I'm brutally honest.

Yeah.

Now, Demi, we talked about the last time you were here.

You I think I first came to there's not a similar article about inside the mind of a different viral comedian, is there?

So the first people in there.

OK, good.

Keep it locked away.

Certainly not Miss Jackson.

Absolutely not.

I first came to Miss Jackson.

Yeah, but you know, you're for real.

I first came to know your work through the September videos.

Yes.

And at the time of our last recording, you had done how many of these two?

I think I've done three.

You've done three.

Yes.

You have recently put out the fourth.

I have.

Yeah.

And no spoilers as to what happened.

I would play it, but it's just like listening to the song.

Come on, go for it.

No, but the fourth one just came out.

And what I and tell me if this is an insult and I'll stop.

But what I liked about it is you and I had spoken.

I can't remember on the show or in personal life.

I mean, they all just get blended together, don't they?

What is entertainment, but talking, but recorded?

You know, personal conversations should be entertaining.

So why not release them as podcasts?

I agree.

But the pressure involved in topping each year had gotten to be a bit intense for you.

And let me describe these videos for those of you who have not heard the previous episode, but the Earth Wind and Fire song, what is it actually called?

Is it called?

It is called September.

Yeah.

And it's all about the 21st day of September.

Yes.

21st night.

OK, so on on September 21st, four years ago, you put out a video where you essentially lip synced.

Yeah.

Or lip sank.

Either.

I think lip sank would be because lip sank is like if a boat sink sunk.

Oh, I sunk.

Lip sunk.

Where you lip sunk to this video and various things happen.

And then people are like, oh, wow, I want to see what you do with it next year.

Which have that occurred to you at that point?

Or did you think it was a one off?

I thought it was a one off, but as it happens, that day occurs yearly.

It does.

So I was in a pickle.

So the next year happened and you topped yourself and it got bigger.

Yes.

And then the next year happened and it got even bigger.

Right.

And then what I liked about and that is the point that you and I talked about, just like how big do you actually go?

Right.

And then this year it seemed and again, tell me if this is an insult, but it seemed like you you scaled it back a little bit and just did something different with it rather than tried to, you know, make the scale of it bigger than ever.

Not an insult at all.

I think that was sort of what I ended up feeling like.

I don't know how to keep doing this in a way where I make it bigger because I'll hit a plateau.

So I was like, well, I'm just going to stay in my house and figure out a way to like make different things happen in this space.

I thought it was a great way to reinvigorate the franchise.

Thank you so much.

It's what you know, after you get the end game in there, you got to start putting out exactly.

It was like you go from the first year.

First of all, there's the Charlie's Angels television show.

Then you go to Charlie's Angels, the movie big blockbuster hit Charlie's Angels two even bigger.

And then you put out another one that reinvigorates the franchise by going smaller.

Yes, that's exactly.

This was, you know, the third one was the full throttle and this was the reboot in which we had Kristen Stewart.

Right.

Yes.

Now, Kristen Stewart did not appear in this video.

No, then we should be clear about this.

Yeah, that gets it ends there.

Right.

Everything else is the same.

I mean, I guess Kristen Stewart, if the analogy were to continue, would be your television maybe?

I don't know how.

Hmm.

I don't know how that works in the analogy, but I'll go along with it for the sake of the conversation because I like to be agreeable.

Now, hold on.

I'm just putting two and two together and these are equal in four.

Yeah.

Oh, you know it too.

But this must be the place that you share.

It is.

How did you feel about Demi over here, Gabe, showing the world the various ins and outs of the privacy of your own home?

And I'm not talking about the restaurant.

I was actually in New York at the time.

I'd been there for, I was about day 12 of like 90 days.

Around 90 days, around three months.

So I mean, I saw it happen.

I saw him rehearsing it right before I left.

Yeah.

And I knew it had something to do with the fridge because all the food was out of the fridge.

Oh, where was the food at that point?

I believe it was in my bedroom.

The backup fridge of our apartment.

It's really cold.

Okay.

Keep the air conditioner down to about 30 degrees.

Yeah.

Which is one of the constant sounds of our home.

Okay.

It's great to listen to it.

Yeah.

So you knew it was happening due to the context clues of food in Demi's bedroom.

I went into his room, I saw the food, and then I went to the kitchen.

That looks delicious.

Yeah.

But it doesn't belong here.

Yeah.

It belongs in the kitchen where we store the food normally.

That's one of the many fights we have about where the food belongs.

Sometimes it's in his room.

Sometimes it's in the kitchen table.

So it's like an odd couple situation where you guys disagree on where the food goes.

Right.

But if that was the only disagreement.

Really just the food.

Just the food.

You thought it belonged in your room.

Yeah.

And I'm more traditional.

So you're Felix, Gabe.

Right.

And you're Oscar because you think food should all go in your room.

I'm wacky.

I mean, I would say that's a big disagreement.

I don't know if I could live with someone who, I mean, Gabe, I have to say I fall on your side of the situation.

I think food belongs in the cupboards and in the fridge.

Me too.

Well, cupboards.

I don't, I didn't, that's not, that's a whole other ball game.

Okay.

Because he said the fridge.

Sure.

I'm saying my room cupboards whenever you're saying cupboards.

You certainly keep food in the cupboards.

Do you not?

Well, I keep my food in my room.

We've established this.

Okay.

I could not live with you.

This is too big of a difference.

Sometimes I'll have a yes.

Oh, pardon me.

I'll have a party.

Apologize.

Pardon me.

Sorry.

I'm sorry.

Sorry.

Okay.

I'll have a party.

I'll bring, I'll bring people over.

I'll say, Demi, we're going into your room.

Please, please don't have the food in there.

We're going to have a party in your room.

Please put the food away.

You know, that's having a party in his room.

Okay.

See, this is another difference.

I don't think I could get over.

I think a party should be in the common areas.

I don't know why you're having parties exclusively in his room.

Cause all the food's in there.

Okay.

You have a party with no food, right?

But then I said, please put the food away.

Right.

You're saying we're going to have a party in your room.

Put the food back in the kitchen.

Why are you having the party in his room then?

Because I'm not thinking that through.

Right.

I don't know.

I go along with it because again, I love to be agreeable.

But then that's how it works out is I realize, oh, I did need the food in here.

I don't know.

I could put up with some differences, like, you know, someone being a little messier than the other person, you know, someone not paying the rent.

You could put up with not paying the rent, but you want the food in the right place.

I want the food where it belongs.

Wow.

I think I'm on the other side there.

I would love the money, but you want the money.

I want the money to be paid on the right time.

I'm not I don't care so much about where the food is.

You're like a greedy, you know, the holidays are coming up.

You're like a Ebenezer Scrooge type.

No, no, because like if you saw Tiny Tim on the street, poor little, I hate to even say this, disabled person.

Sure.

I'd be like you there.

What day is it?

He'd say it's Christmas.

And I said, get me a cooked goose and put it in my bedroom.

The one as big as me?

Yes.

Okay.

Interesting.

Well, guys, I think your living situation is fascinating.

And I could sit here and unpack it all day.

But oh, we don't have to.

I just thought it sounded like fun.

It did sound like fun.

But we do have a break coming up.

And unfortunately, we can't get to the rest of your career.

But there's no article that I could read to do a little, you know.

I'll write one.

Please do.

And send it to me.

Write one just for me.

Yeah.

Make it about 1200 words.

Okay.

So an email is not an article.

It's an email.

It sounds like.

Yeah, yeah.

Just electronically mail it to me.

You've got the article that I want you to write.

Sure thing.

Okay.

All right.

We need to take a break.

We'll be back with more Demi Adidju eBay, more Gabriel Gundacker.

We are certainly going to have a chef coming up and we'll have a social media coach.

We'll be right back with more Comedy Bang Bang after this.

Comedy Bang Bang.

We are back here with Demi Adidju eBay and Gabriel Gundacker.

Two social media ex Vine stars.

Vine's no longer around as far as I'm concerned.

Do you miss it?

Eh, sometimes parts of it.

Yeah.

What part?

The software?

It's mostly the code that I miss.

The interface?

Yeah.

I really love seeing green on my screen.

Yeah.

That's actually probably what I do miss most about it is just the way the videos worked.

Because I think that.

Well, how do they work?

You press play and they would play?

No, they would just play independently.

Really?

So no pressing play?

How do you pause them?

I don't think you could you pause?

You can never pause.

I actually don't remember.

I don't remember.

That's so strange.

Too long ago.

Yeah.

Really?

So you've already forgotten Vine?

We just the pause feature of Vine.

Yeah.

Everything else.

At first the pause feature.

I'd like to see you guys as old man like, Hey, Grandfather, tell us about the pause feature on Vine.

Oh, it was a long time ago.

I'll tell you about the play feature, but not the pause.

Well, tell us about the play feature then, Grandfather.

There was none.

What?

Grandfather?

Fuck you.

You're fucking kidding me.

I should have never let you cuss at me.

Well, this is a future where those kind of words are just naturally everyone says them.

We have new cuss words.

There's no stigma about it.

No, yeah.

Yeah.

We have to get to our next guest.

He is a chef.

This is very exciting.

Please welcome to the show Spaghetti Cappellini.

Yes, yes.

Hello.

Welcome to me.

Yeah, welcome to you.

Yes, thank you.

Hello.

You're a chef.

Yes, I am here to cook a delicious ragout de bolognese for you.

Oh, you're doing a cooking demo.

Oh, I hope so.

Oh, this is great.

Is that okay?

It's fine.

Yeah.

Okay.

Did you...

Never mind.

This is Demi, by the way.

This is Gabriel.

Hello.

Nice to meet you.

Nice to meet you too.

Where are you from?

Italian.

I moved around a lot.

That old boot country.

The old boot.

Yes, I'm from the ugly toe.

Yes.

So you're over there right across the pond from Sicily then?

That's right.

Okay.

The old rock.

The old rock across from the ugly toe where I'm from.

Actually, my nickname was the ugly toe.

It wasn't?

Yes.

They say you look just like the place you live, the ugly toe.

I guess your face, it is a little sort of square.

Yes, my nose has a nail.

My nose has a nail.

I wasn't going to say anything about that because...

Yeah.

It's not a secret.

Well, yeah, it's as plain as literally the nose on your face.

Yes.

Is that some sort of disfigurement or...

I don't know.

It's how I am.

It's just how you are.

That's great.

I am from the place that I am from and it is bled into my body all the way.

And that's what Italian food is about.

You have to make it taste like a family.

You have to make it taste like who I cook it.

Okay.

So when I eat an Italian meal, I should...

Is it a lot like Gabriel's songs?

It should be evocative of a family or you say it should taste exactly like...

Well, a little bit of both.

As my Nona taught me when she was a cooking, you have to put something in of yourself.

So sometimes you put in a lock of hair.

Sometimes you spit in a little loogie.

What?

Sometimes you take a fart into the sauce.

It's a good.

Everybody looking at me like it's disgusting.

Seems like a health code violation.

I'm mostly...

I feel like a fart is so gaseous.

It's like it could have just not gotten in there at all.

Yes.

But it counts?

Yes, absolutely.

It's an essence.

It's still supposed to take like a spaghetti bolognese.

But you got to know who made this.

Okay.

When you fart, are there like poo flakes still on your butthole?

Sometimes.

Sort of like then...

Sometimes.

You know, when you cook a proper sauce, you know, it's reducing and the fumes are going into the air and the fumes of the fire are mixing with the fumes of the sauce and they go up and they go down.

Wait, so it's pants down fart.

Oh, yes.

Okay.

Unobstructed.

Unobstructed view.

Unimpeded.

Unimpeded view, yes.

Or feeling.

But sometimes if the fart doesn't know how to take, you got to stick your body into the sauce.

Depending on what you're making.

You have to sit on top of the pot.

Okay.

You're taking your pants off right now.

Does this have to do with the...

Do you want me to cook?

I don't know anymore, quite honestly.

Okay.

Okay, fine.

You won't taste it.

Well, now he's using reverse psychology on me.

Nobody wants to taste my sauce, it's fine.

I'll just go.

I'm a sucker for reverse psychology.

Come back.

I want to taste it.

Well, what do you guys want?

Got me.

Yes.

Sorry.

I always...

Are you a reverse psychologist?

A little bit.

You have a minor?

No, of course not.

No.

Wow.

Yeah, it worked again.

I would love to have a session with you.

Just an hour of reverse psychology.

It's pretty difficult for both the parties.

Can we do some of this?

Let's do some of this.

Yes.

Hi, I'm feeling pretty bad about myself.

Okay.

You know, I've had a lot of personal failures.

I think you should.

I think you should feel that way based on...

Well, I mean, I don't feel that bad.

Based on your posture.

I mean, my posture is pretty good, comparatively, for a man of my...

A lot of people say to me, he looks like the Hunchback of Notre Dame.

What are these people saying?

The Hunchback of Notre Dame from the Disney's Hunchback of Notre Dame?

Right?

How do you feel about yourself?

Fuck you, I'm fine.

I don't need you.

Exactly.

Whoa!

Exactly.

I'm cured.

Yes, thank you.

And you're welcome.

Now you want to know what else?

Speaking of cured, yeah.

I noticed you have some...

A little bit of salami over here.

Yes, absolutely.

All right.

Gabriel, what do you think about all this?

You've been very quiet.

I just don't know if that is even legal to do.

To put your body into something.

What are you talking about legal?

Who are you, a cop?

Not an Italy.

Who are you, Kamala Harris?

Not in Italy.

Sorry to get political here.

Yeah, there is no Italian cop here, right?

No police?

I was going to say what they call it.

Yes.

Yeah.

Good.

Because we're going to be cooking free today.

If any of you are cops, you have to tell us when we ask.

Yes.

Gabe, are you a cop outside of Italy?

I don't want to say.

All right.

I could say, and it would be a yes, but I just don't want to say that right now.

We're asking you point blank.

Are you a cop outside of Italy?

Don't do entrapment.

Look, can I do any reverse?

Yeah, do some reverse psychology on him.

OK.

So you walk into a room, you're about to bust somebody, and you think, I don't want to do this.

Sure.

I do want to arrest him.

I'm a cop.

I knew it.

I reversed you into an admission.

That was easy.

Outside of Italy, though.

Yeah.

Oh, OK.

So there are no Italian policia here.

Yes.

OK.

Good.

Well, everybody's going to get to make their own dish today.

It's all going to be based on a spaghetti bolognese from me, spaghetti capellini, and everybody get to make their own flavor.

I will, of course, be making my flavor.

You will be making your flavor.

So everybody cut off some of your own hair.

Some of my own hair.

How much are we talking?

Well, how flavorful do you want it to be?

Not necessarily flavorful of hair.

OK.

So light.

OK.

So just a little bit off the top there.

OK.

Those pubes or?

Absolutely.

Great.

Yeah, that'll make a funky sauce.

You think off the top.

I think right off the top and front.

Couldn't I just like it's getting a little long and back.

Couldn't I take some of that?

That's your preference.

You know, what kind do you want?

Do you put gel on the top or in the back?

Usually, well, you know, like how Queer Eye tells you, you start from the back and then go to the front.

OK.

Yeah.

So you should get some at the back without the gel.

We don't want to.

Back without the gel.

OK.

Yeah, I got a little bit of it here.

OK.

Here we go.

OK.

All right.

And we just put it in the bowl?

Yeah, we put it in the bowl.

There's nothing else in the bowl.

Not yet.

We're layering the flavors.

Oh.

So hair on the bottom, like lasagna.

Feels like a witches potion.

Well, you know about my grandma.

I don't.

She is a- Speaking of hair on the bottom.

Speaking of hair on the bottom, you're talking about my grandma's pubes, right?

I wasn't, but now we are.

What's the use?

Because you want to use pubes, so you must know the old recipe.

I don't know the recipe.

I just didn't want to cut off.

It's a pubes in a pasta.

OK.

Basically.

Pasta in pubes.

Yeah, or, you know, whatever you want.

Sometimes if you wear, maybe some people, they have a scent.

You know, whether it's perfume or deodorant or something, you scrape a little deodorant into the pasta.

OK.

That's not part of you, though.

Well, it was bonded to you.

It's like some sort of symbiote?

Yes.

You know, it's a skin flake with a deodorant.

This is for your more fragrant, old spice of flavored pasta.

OK.

All right.

So we have hair in our dishes.

Yes.

What goes in next?

Next, you boil the water.

So we need about seven- In the bowl or separately?

Separate.

I put a hot plate in front of everybody.

Couldn't we have boiled this before the segment started?

Yeah.

I mean, it's going to take us a long time to boil this water.

Yes.

My timing is off here.

Absolutely.

Also, should we- is the pot with our hair in it on now at this point?

I hope so.

OK.

All right.

Yes.

You should have some hair in the pot where we're going to boil the water and some hair in a bowl.

We were supposed to disperse the hair equally between the pot and the bowl?

Listen, do you guys want to eat a pasta today or not?

I do, but it's going to take a million years just to- I mean, these are giant pots of water.

I mean, it's not like boiling- it's not like a teacup or anything.

These are like- I always say you have to start with a lot of water.

These are like five-gallon drums.

That's right.

How much pasta are we making?

Well, how much do you want to eat?

Not that much.

Yeah.

Well, then you don't have to put in a lot.

You just want an amuse-a-bouche.

Sure.

Yeah.

Amuse-a-poob for me.

There you go.

Amuse-a-poob.

Pubes-a-bouche?

I don't know.

Pubes-a-poob.

Or just amuse-a-busch.

Ah, there we go.

There we are.

What if Bush came out and said- Everyone laugh?

Was that the- Was that what it was?

It was just laugh.

Just laugh.

All right.

Gabe, how- Where are you getting your hair from in yours?

I think I did too much.

Oh.

Yeah.

It's not that bad, is it?

No, you look- It's not good.

You look the same.

You have a great personality.

Okay.

I feel different.

I feel like people won't look at me the same.

I mean, you're Lex Luthor up top and the eyebrows are gone too.

I mean- But think about how delicious your pastas are going to taste.

It's going to be mostly hair.

Beautiful.

You just increased the amount of pasta, you know?

We're going to call yours an angel hair.

But it's not going to have any thin pasta in it.

It's not going to have anything.

It's just hair from your head because I think you are an angel.

Okay.

Well, Gabriel or Gabriel is the angel.

That's right.

He's one of the most famous angels.

Yeah.

I call him Gabe.

He's like the Rudolph the Red-Nosed Reindeer of angels, isn't he?

He is.

With that trumpet of his.

Yeah.

And he was an outcast from the other reindeer.

Is that what he played?

Yeah.

I love him.

So, all right.

Yes.

Our water is still- Our water is almost boiling.

Not really.

Okay.

Well, maybe add some salt.

That'll help us to- Does that help things?

Okay.

Yes.

Higher or lower boiling point.

Oh, okay.

Or higher?

You should know these things.

I should know.

Yes, yes.

But I don't.

Oh, that did the trick.

Look, mine is bubbling over right now.

Okay, good.

So the water is boiling.

Put in pasta and you rub your hands together real hard and fast.

I'm kidding.

Over the water.

Over the water?

I didn't wash my hands.

Wait.

Well, this is washing the hands.

You rub off the dirt and the dead skin into the pasta.

Oh, okay.

Into the water.

What about the little bugs that crawl all over us?

Sure.

Throw them in.

The bugs?

Yeah.

You know how your body is basically crawling with tiny microscopic bugs that you can't see?

Oh.

Those are gonna go into the- That's what makes us taste so delicious.

It's all the microorganisms in your hair, your skin, your butt hole.

Okay.

So I've scraped off all of the skin from my hands.

Not all of the skin, obviously.

Just the good stuff.

Yeah.

I think I did too much.

Oh my God.

Okay.

Your entire epidermis is gone.

It's not that bad, is it?

It's not that good.

Is there supposed to be blood in the- Yeah, you look like an angel hair to me.

Okay.

I'm feeling a little woozy.

Yeah.

Maybe try to sit down if you could.

Okay.

Like Demi was at the top of the show.

Remember we brought it up?

Yeah.

No, I recall leaning back.

He was doing the smooth criminal, I thought.

He was just sitting down.

He was just as a check.

Because the smooth criminal is going forward, which is where the confusion lies.

Because I was going backwards.

Yeah, you're going backwards.

He goes backward to remain upright.

Right.

Yes.

So that's where the confusion lay for me.

Right.

Is he goes forward first, but then he goes backwards.

So to you, the smooth criminal, the move is him going back to standing upright.

Yes.

Okay.

So the first half of it is- Correcting his course.

Right.

I'm not interested in the first half of the smooth criminal.

Got it.

That's where he loses me.

But he really gets me back when he's like, whoop.

So to you, the impressive part of the moonwalk is when he stops walking backwards.

When he stops moonwalking, I'm like, whoa, check that out.

It's the control that you love.

Okay.

I understand now.

So what are we doing now?

So we got our pasta is boiling.

And the next thing you want to do for an authentic official sauce is you open a jar of a ragu and pour it in to the boiling water.

I thought we were making the sauce.

So we're doing this from scratch.

We're just- The sauce is not from scratch.

It's just how you make it taste good.

Oh, we want it to taste as good as possible.

The companies did it all.

The companies got it.

They got the recipe.

They made it in the jar.

So we just make it our own.

This stuff is good.

Ragu is mwah.

Can I use prego instead?

Oh, prego.

I don't know what it means.

What the word means?

Yes.

It's an Italian word.

Right.

It doesn't mean something like hurry up.

I believe it does.

Yes.

We don't need to check.

Okay.

Google it, everybody at home.

Did you bring your own prego today?

I did.

Oh, yeah.

That's a fantastic test.

I hung it for luck everywhere.

Just a tiny little- This is your lucky prego?

Yeah.

I don't know whether we should use your lucky prego.

This pasta may not even be that good, if I'm being honest.

I don't want to use your lucky prego.

Sounds like you know what you're doing.

I don't.

It's I rarely use the prego itself.

It's mostly just, you know, like a sort of a totem for me.

Are we making the pasta from scratch or what?

What's with all the questions?

That's what I don't care.

What is this?

This is an interview show.

You interviewed a chef?

That's what this is?

I'm asking too many questions.

No, I mean, you feel free to ask as many questions as you like.

Yeah, everyone who comes on the show is usually asked a few questions about their process, why they do what they do.

Is that not okay with you?

Seem weird to me.

I just do a normal cooking.

Anyway, so I forgot the Parmesan cheese.

I forgot- You forgot it at home?

Yes.

Not the restaurant?

No, no, no.

At this guy's house.

You left Parmesan cheese at this guy's house?

I saw what's all over my bedroom right now.

Right in the middle of the street.

Okay.

Yep.

So- Did you put it in his room or in the cupboards or where did you put it?

In the refrigerator?

My hands were slippery and the bowl was very full.

So there's a little trail going from the room to the fridge.

Oh, okay.

Oh, everywhere.

Okay.

So there's a lot of cheese in your house.

I apologize.

It's all right.

Now, take out your graters.

I didn't bring a grater.

Okay.

I put a grater in front of you.

Can I just say, the frequency with which your accent seems to change is very curious.

Well, you're from all parts of Italy, right?

All parts.

The ugly toe is the big one.

And this, you just don't know.

Nobody go to the ugly toe, but this is what we sound like.

Any toe could be the ugly toe.

Thank you.

You know what I mean?

Like sometimes it's the big toe.

Sometimes it's that pinky with a weird toenail growing out of it.

A lot of times it depends on what kind of shoe you wear.

True enough?

Some shoe make your toe ugly.

Some shoe make your toe pretty.

Yeah, that's great.

What are we doing with these graters here?

So you take your grater, you drag it along your knuckles until you hit the bone and you got what look like Parmesan Cheetos.

Oh my God.

Gabe, I think you went a little too far.

Gabe, I see.

Is it okay?

I'm looking at your skeleton right now.

How many fingers am I holding up?

How many fingers?

One elbow.

Yeah, oh dear.

I don't, oh God.

This better taste good because it might just kill me.

You look like you're out of the Halloween Superstore.

I wish, I mean, I would give anything.

You would give anything to be in the Halloween Superstore?

To be from the Halloween Superstore, yeah.

Seems pretty easy to do.

Good gig.

Yeah, you could work there.

Seasonal.

Are you talking working there or being from there?

Working there and not having to pay rent, living there, working there.

Oh, I see.

Yeah, a live-work situation?

Yeah.

Oh, we work, you should try a rework.

Okay.

Would I also have to live there as we're roommates?

I mean, I would have to move out.

You'd have to find another roommate who'd be willing to put up with your food thing.

I don't think the food thing's that, I could do that.

I don't think you're going to be able to find another roommate, honestly.

All right, so what are we doing?

We've scraped off our skin.

So we've scraped down our hand to the knuckle.

Yeah.

Everything is boiling.

We have...

Gabe is turning white, by the way.

Store-bought sauce boiling in water along with our skins.

And our hair.

And our hair is in the bowl.

Hair on the bottom.

Hair inside.

Speaking of your grandma.

Now we take our strainer, which is a two hands put together.

Oh, okay.

Like a here, this is the church, this is the, you see all the people kind of situation here?

What if you only have one hand?

Oh, this is going to be tough for you.

Okay.

So you dip your hands into the boiling water.

Okay.

I don't know that I want to stick my hands in the boiling water.

Gabe!

The fuck are you doing?

You're melting.

Let me do yours.

No, hey!

Hey!

You think after the first you would stop.

And now for me.

He's going first!

You did yours third?

Oh, God.

Every time you reach into the pot, less of you comes out.

Oh my God.

How bad is it?

You are only ahead, my man.

It's great for the Halloween thing.

You have totally disintegrated other than your head, which is bald with no eyebrows.

But it is the perfect serving piece.

We're going to put this big apple in your mouth.

We're going to dump everything into the bowl.

We put your head with the apple on top.

Voila, Italian pasta.

Oh, God.

What do we think?

Oh my God, this is delicious.

I don't want to taste mine.

No, no, go for it.

No, it's a little undercooked.

We let it boil for such a short time.

It's al dente.

Al dente.

Go for it.

It's really good.

Okay.

No, yeah, it's undercooked by a lot.

Oh, that's my mistake.

I got too excited.

Also, it tastes like pubes.

I gotta be honest.

Well, you put the pubes in there.

Well, you told me it wouldn't...

You're the one who told them to do it.

I thought everybody liked pubes.

I like a pube.

I don't care for pubes.

Well, then why did you order a pube pasta from yourself?

I didn't order a pube pasta.

What would you call it?

A pasta pube nesca.

Oh, I like that.

I'm sorry about this guy, chef.

Thank you.

Me?

Yeah, he's the guy who said, let me put pubes in here.

Yes.

Well, anyway, this is...

I tried to come on to a normal cooking demonstration.

This is not normal.

You're a normal guy.

I think it was correct.

Excuse me, mister.

I want all the food in my bedroom.

He's normal.

I, yeah, well, I don't have that much food, but it all goes in the bedroom.

So sorry.

Sue me.

You didn't take a cooking class.

I don't want to.

This is good stuff.

Do you teach cooking classes, by the way?

I do.

$10,000 for one weekend.

I don't want to pay that.

This is the reverse psychology again.

It's a one weekend, $10,000.

You probably can't afford it.

It's not that bad.

I can afford it.

Of course I can afford it.

I don't know.

Just the way you dress.

Here, I'm writing you a check right now.

Okay.

All right.

Well, we need to take a break.

We're going to come right back.

Chef, can you stick around?

I can.

I love your energy.

Thank you so much.

All right.

We're going to have more Demi at DidYoueBay, more Gabriel Gundacker, more chef spaghetti capellini.

We'll be right back with more comedy bang bang after this.

Comedy bang bang.

We are back here.

Demi at DidYoueBay and Gabriel Gundacker, two social media superstars.

We also have, I'm not sure if he's on social media, spaghetti capellini.

Are you on social media at all?

No, not anymore.

I got kicked off.

Oh, really?

Yes.

Kicked off by whom?

Offensive content, they say.

They won't kick anyone off, but they kicked you off?

Yes.

Jack sent me a personal message.

He said, no more tweets for you.

You're offensive.

For real?

He's like the Twitter Nazi.

I tell you what.

No tweets for you.

Well, this is exciting.

We have a wonderful guest coming to the show right now.

He's never been on the show before.

It says he's a social media coach.

Please welcome Xzibit.

Yeah, what's up?

How you doing, Scott?

Glad to be here sitting around with so many social media stars.

You know, it seems like a meeting of the mind, the meeting of the viral minds right now.

I am a big fan.

Yeah, can we just say Xzibit, you are a hip hop superstar.

Yeah, some people know me from hip hop.

Some people know me from pimping rides, but now I just took it to another level.

We're in 2019, so I like to pimp your social media.

I like to take it to the next level.

There's lots of mistakes people are making.

You're going very fast.

We need to process this.

You are the host of Pimp My Ride.

Yes.

And now you like to pimp people's social media.

So it's almost like you're pimping.

You're still interested in pimping things.

Yes.

You know, I pimp everything but women because I am woke.

I'm a male feminist.

Shout out to my sisters out there.

Okay.

But and it's okay to say things like pimp my ride, even though the profession of pimping is...

Yeah, definitely.

Because it's all in the attention.

You know, I'm reclaiming it, you know.

So you're still interested in the process of pimping things.

Just no longer rides.

Now you pimp social media?

Yeah, I mean it in the hip hop sense.

Like just tricking it out.

Well, tricking it out is also kind of problematic, I gotta say.

You know, you know what I mean.

What are new terms for this?

Like what about, what's that thing where you put glitter on a sweater?

What do you call it?

Bedazzle.

Why don't we say bedazzle?

Street walking.

Yeah, yeah.

Too many, see, look, first lesson right there.

Too many letters.

You want to shorten the letters down when you're trying to brand something.

What if it's like B period dazzle?

Like B. Dalton.

That was popular for a long time.

What is that?

You don't know what B. Dalton is?

No.

That was a chain of very popular bookstores.

Oh, well very popular, huh?

Do you know what Waldenbooks is?

Yes.

You know who Stephen King is?

I do.

You would find his work in B. Dalton.

Okay.

Do you know what the Bible is?

No.

Is that a Stephen King book?

Could be.

It's a little scarier than a Stephen King book.

Especially that final book in there.

The Revelation.

So exhibit, how did you get interested in social media?

Well, you know, I was just saying, you know, you know, we're going to leave cars behind soon, you know?

Okay.

Everyone has a car.

Yeah.

I think we're going to leave it behind.

What are we going to do?

Be on those lime scooters?

I don't know if I'm going to fall for that.

You know, lime scooters, self-driving Ubers.

Lime scooters?

You know, lime scooters.

Wait, are they going to be submergible?

Yeah, definitely.

See, I'm already saying too much, but yeah, we definitely going to have lime scooters.

Cause you know, have you ever been on a lime scooter?

It was like, damn, I wish I could take this to Japan.

Too much water, too much water.

That's always my biggest concern.

I want to go to Japan.

Too much water.

It's a long trip too.

Yeah.

How long would it take on a lime scuba?

I would probably take three months, but.

At a dollar long.

That's as long as you were in New York.

Yeah.

90 days.

Wow.

Well, so you, what do you do?

What is your process?

Well, I like to, you know, kind of look at people's online presence and, you know.

So the first step is look at it.

Yeah.

I'm looking at it.

You know, I went through, I went through everyone's in here.

Twitters, except for the chef.

He's, you know, he's not on Twitter.

Yeah.

Some problematic content.

Yeah.

But definitely have some problems.

One needs to coach most of us.

Yeah.

So, so like, for example, you know, you see Demi, you know, you got a lot of problems there.

Oh, I know.

Yeah.

You're getting busy.

I want to talk to you about a little something called SEO, search engine optimization.

Okay.

Yeah.

So if I'm searching for Demi, I might find Demi Moore.

Right.

That's a good point.

G.I.

Jane.

Yeah.

Demi Lovato.

Yeah.

So I'm thinking.

An indecent proposal.

Yeah.

Is she in that?

Demi Lovato?

I think she's in that.

Oh, Demi Moore?

Yeah.

I'm not recalling, but yes.

Okay.

I don't think she is.

You don't think she is?

I don't think Demi Moore was in that movie.

You don't think she's in that movie?

Strippa-tease.

Stripped.

She is in that.

Who do you think is in an indecent proposal?

Michael Douglas?

Yes, he is.

Yeah.

Okay.

He's definitely in it.

But who else do you think is in it?

It might just be him.

Like a one-man proposal to himself?

A one-man movie?

I think it's like a clumps scenario.

Okay.

It might be.

He's playing all the roles. Demi Moore also was in the McG Charlie's Angels.

Yes, she was.

Full Throttle.

Yeah.

Wasn't she was a villain, maybe?

Yeah, she was a villain.

When we say Charlie's Angels, I do not mean one of my videos.

Right.

Of course.

Yes.

Yeah.

So what do you...

You see some problems with this search engine optimization?

Yeah.

Because a lot of people in here using very popular names, and you want to cut that down.

You know, Gabriel, AKA Gabe.

Yeah.

How many Gabriel's are there in the world?

Gabriel Luna.

He just came out with the Terminators.

So you might get caught up in that.

Crap.

People are looking for Meachies that find the Terminators.

And Scott, this whole podcast, man, bang, bang is out there.

We got Bang Energy Drink, Bang Bros, bang.com, another porn site.

I will also say, just looking up comedy and bang, a lot comes up for the Big Bang Theory.

There's a lot.

Exactly.

That was something I did not think about.

Yeah.

But you got lots of comedy.

Like if you look up comedy, you find like...

Like, haha.com.

Yeah, yeah.

Like Mount Rushmore of Comedy, Kevin James.

The Joker.

Yeah, the Joker.

Who else is on the Mount Rushmore of Comedy?

The Joker, three times.

Smith.

Oh, OK.

And Kevin James.

Wow.

Kevin James.

You said Smith?

Michael Keaton.

Smith.

President Smith.

Oh, Smith.

The President Smith.

Well, that's also a joke.

And Kevin Smith.

Yeah, Kevin Smith, Kevin James, Michael Keaton, Jeff Dunham, comedy...

Michael Keaton?

Yeah, yeah, Michael Keaton.

He had an explosive comedy career.

Then he started doing his bad dance.

You ever see Gung Ho?

No, I didn't see that.

Hold up.

Yeah, I had to leave that behind.

You had to leave it behind?

Yeah, I had to leave it behind.

Hmm, OK.

My house caught on fire at a young age and Gung Ho was in the VHS collection.

The VHS of Gung Ho was there and you had to leave it behind?

Yeah, I chose that.

Harlem Nights over that.

OK.

So you chose some films?

Yeah, yeah.

I chose...

You had time to...

Yeah, yeah.

I chose Waitin' to Exhale, Harlem Nights.

Waiting to Exhale?

Yeah.

What about Stella getting her groove back?

Did you...

Got that one.

Was this the imaginary friend one with Freddy...

Freddy Krueger?

Drop Dead Freddy.

Oh, oh.

Well, Freddy Krueger is kind of an imaginary friend.

That's true.

He's not a friend to many.

Yeah.

No, but I mean, he is imaginary.

Yes.

But I'll give you this tip right here.

You know, when I was scared of Nightmare on Elm Street and I was scared of Freddy, I was like, oh, you could just make the monsters your friends and your mind.

So I said, Freddy, he ain't using those fingers up to chop up, you know, people.

He's using it to chop up little Vienna sausages.

Oh, that's for the chef.

I like that.

Yeah.

He could be a great assistant.

Oh, he would be a perfect sous chef.

Just cut my hand off, put it right in the pot.

Oh, yeah.

Or someone else's hand.

Sure, sure.

Yeah.

We indefinitely, if you ever get back on Twitter, I'd say just upload the recipe.

No pictures, no videos.

And, you know, let people, you know, the theater of the mind.

Oh, so you're saying no pictures, no recipes for his Twitter.

Just recipes and just recipes in general cut down on your life story.

Like, get to the point.

But I'd like people to know the whole story.

I write a few paragraphs.

No, that's already too much.

He says no.

Too much.

So are you saying we should all change our names?

Oh, I'm saying change the way you spell it.

Like, Demi, I'd be like D-M-E.

Oh, D-M-E.

Yeah.

And then some people might look at it as DM me.

And, you know, who knows what happens with that?

Oh, yeah.

Who knows what would happen with that?

I don't know.

That's, uh, I would hate to see what you would do in that kind of situation, Demi.

I'd love to see it.

Yeah.

So, uh, I mean, you did that exhibit.

I mean, you're, how do you spell your name?

It's X- X-Z-I-B-I-T exhibit.

Whereas if we were truly spelling exhibit, it would be E-X-H-I-B-I-T.

Is that correct?

Exactly.

And you, you changed it.

Yeah.

Uh, you know, cause originally I wanted to go by exhibit A.

This was the case that was fraudulently put against me that ended up with me being in jail.

Dr. Dre, yeah, said it was too long.

So we just went with exhibit.

It was kind of like my drop the in the Facebook moment.

It's interesting.

Dr. Dre, he already, he thinks he's too long cause he dropped the doctor after a while.

People just called him Dre.

Exactly.

And he's short for Andre.

What's that?

The doctor was still in there, of course.

Sure.

Yeah.

Just hidden among the Dre.

See, I got to pay him back.

That's a good point.

So he's like Dr. Period E.

Right.

Yeah.

So that's what we should call him.

Dr. E?

He's like Dr. Evil?

I see.

Yeah.

Dr. Evil is Dr. Dre.

It's a blown wide open.

Oh shit.

Oh my God.

We might have to delete this whole episode.

You know, we're all, we're all in danger now.

He gonna kill us with the bigger moon laser.

Yeah.

I didn't ask for this.

I'm just hosting a stupid podcast.

I mean, he has sharks with fricking lasers on their heads.

You know, you remember that?

I do.

Yeah.

A lot of movie talk today.

I love it.

So what else is from Austin Powers?

Well, there's gold member, of course, a wonderful actor playing the young Michael K.

I was going to say, let's get back to you though.

So what you change the spelling of our names, what would you say?

My name should be.

Yeah.

So I'm a Lucy for you.

I'd be like us S C T T Scott.

People are going to get it.

Do you just take the vowels out?

Pretty much.

Just, just the C T T C T.

Yeah.

I see.

I kind of like it.

I'm a kind of a fan of that one.

Yeah.

I see TT.

Yeah.

That's not the bad.

That's fun.

And Gabe, that's just G B E.

You know, you use the last vowel.

Yeah.

You can keep the last vowel, but the one in the middle, that one doesn't even have any sound.

Now it's gonna be.

I'm not sure about this tip.

Do you have any other tips?

Yeah, definitely.

Okay.

So you're definitely going to want to just have a catch phrase.

Oh, what's your catch phrase?

Oh, my catch phrase is exhibit.

You know, that's my catch phrase.

Your catch phrase is just you saying your name.

Yeah.

It's worked for us in music industry for a long time.

Jason Derulo, every producer ever.

You know how the Beatles used to do that?

They would sing, you know, she loves you.

Yeah.

We're the Beatles.

She loves you.

Yeah.

See, I mean, that's the, that's the real seasides.

Like, you know, you got your B sides.

That's the seasides that they just cut out of the records of history, but we got it.

So catch phrases.

How do you?

Yes.

Sorry.

When you were in a hip hop, you are going by X to the Z exhibit.

Yes.

X to the Z exhibit.

You cut it out and just exhibit.

Yeah.

Interesting.

Yeah.

So what are our catch phrases?

What should we do?

Oh, well, you know, uh, I'm just...

Seems like you're unprepared for this tip.

No, no, I'm dead.

No, I'm ready.

I just, all I gotta do is just look at you.

Get your vibe going.

So first step again, look at us.

Yeah.

That's an important step for you.

Yeah.

You just, because a lot of people are just coming in decisions without looking at them.

And me, I'm looking at all the situations from all sides.

So now you've, you've been staring at us for approximately 30 seconds.

Yeah.

What do you think our catch phrases should be?

All right.

So Scott, I think your catch phrase is like, yeah, Scott, you know, that's, that's what I'm thinking.

Uh, Gabe, for you, it's like, it's a game.

It's a Mario, but you gotta use it a Maya accent though with a, he's a name.

Yeah, this is a fan.

I think it's offensive when non Italians do that fake Italian.

I agree.

Yeah, I'm fine with it.

You know, Demi, like for you, you know, I think you strong, silent type.

You like spicy movies.

See ya.

Wait, mine is spicy movies.

See ya.

Yeah.

I like spicy movie.

Do you like spicy movies?

Is it?

I do.

I love a spicy film.

Is it?

I like spicy movies.

Uh, Charlie's angels, Charlie's angels for a fraud.

Oh, nympho maniac featuring Shia LaBeouf part one and two.

Yup.

Anything Lars von Trier has touched.

What was your, what'd you say?

I said heat.

Heat.

What about honey boy?

Oh, honey boy.

I have yet to see it, but I'm sure that's spice.

Honey is sweet though.

I was going to say maybe it's honey Dijon boy.

Yeah.

That's a different call up Shia.

We have an idea for the sequel.

Right.

Honey Dijon boy.

He's got to live a little more life though.

Cause it ends in a pretty, I feel like it ends.

It ends right where, where his life is right now.

Yeah.

So maybe a year from now.

Yeah.

We're going to get him a Dijon this year.

He goes and hangs out in a Dijon mustard factory for a year and then makes the sequel about it.

About him writing honey boy.

Oh, so wait, the movie ends with him picking up a pen.

I haven't, I have not seen it.

I don't know.

Gabe, you saw it, right?

I did see it.

Does it end?

What's the, what's the final shot?

Uh, the final shot.

You see him look at the pen.

You don't see him pick it up.

Oh, I love stuff like that.

See, I love still like, like one of my favorites.

You do?

Yes.

My, one of my favorite scenes is straight out of Compton is when the police were harassing them and they were like, I got an idea.

And then they wrote fuck the police.

So I love that.

Cause I was like, where did they come up with the idea?

You know?

Yeah.

For most of my life, I knew to respect the police.

I love in that movie Bohemian Rhapsody where, uh, they, they are like, this Rhapsody is so Bohemian.

And then they go, hold on a second.

And then cut to them in the studio going, mama mia.

Yeah.

Oh yeah.

It's so good.

You just want to know the origin story.

You know?

That's a spicy movie.

Sia.

Ooh, you already knew that.

Sia, she would have been, she would have been great in that movie.

She would have been very good.

Oh man.

She should have done the soundtrack to that.

It's Bohemian Rhapsody?

I liked everything but the soundtrack.

Do you have any other tips?

Cause I'm not sure about this catch phrase.

Okay. All right. You know, you're not sure about the catch phrase.

You were so good on Pimp My Ride.

Oh, you've been failing us with these tips.

Well, these are just quick finds.

Now, normally if you were coming in with my program, I'd take you for a week.

I'd take you for a week.

Yeah.

For a week.

I put you in an isolation chamber.

How long he was in New York.

Yeah.

I put you in an isolation chamber, take over your social media for that whole week.

And then just, you know, just sending out, you know, uh, different, uh, you know, But you'd be tweeting for us and be in an isolation chamber?

Yeah, definitely.

Why would you need to put us in there so we don't stop you?

Yeah. So you don't stop me.

Cause I'm gonna be tweeting out some wild stuff.

It's going to be mostly my lyrics uncensored.

You've censored your lyrics before?

Yeah. Yeah.

Usually, you know, people have been like, like when I was, you know, I was doing, I would just do them parties.

I was doing quintañeras and they're like, Hey, my daughter's she's 16.

So I don't want you talking all that curse stuff.

And I was like, okay.

Why is the daughter 16 at a quinceañera?

It was a year late, maybe?

Just saved up the money by then?

Yeah, this was a make up quinceañera.

Oh, yeah.

One of those DSC 6 seneras.

Is that the number?

Yeah.

DSS 6.

Yeah.

Wow.

What are some of your lyrics by the way?

Okay.

Give us the uncensored ones.

Cause I'm tired of listening to all your songs that have been censored.

Well, my favorite one is where, uh, you know, open up a song.

It was like, I could drink a whole Hennessy fifth.

Some call it a problem, but I call it a gift, uh, which is great because you know, it tackles alcoholism and you know, and, and the benefits of it, you know, because we always look at the negatives, you know, but it's like, what if, what if I'm at a party and I'm like, Hey, I'll drink this whole fifth of Hennessy for 20 bucks.

Okay.

And I made $20.

That's true.

Did you have to pay for the Hennessy?

No, no, because you know, they're just like, the Hennessy was free.

The Hennessy was free.

Okay.

Well then, then I guess you come up, you come out in the black.

Yeah.

If you did have to pay for it, what would be the, you make about.

No, I'd take a loss.

I'd take a loss.

You'd be in the red on that.

Yeah.

Be on the red.

Yeah.

Cause the fifth of Hennessy.

What's that?

What's that retail for?

That's about 50 bucks.

About 50.

Yeah.

So you'd be $30 in the red, in the red at that point.

So I plan it out.

I make sure I don't buy the Hennessy.

But that's proof of concept.

Maybe you buy it the first time.

You make sure you don't.

How do you, how do you plan it out?

Well, you know, I'm at a party, you know, we entered the party, I'm scoping it out.

Again, looking.

Yeah.

Looking, looking at things.

Good.

First step.

It's all about looking.

I look at a table.

I bought an unopened bottle of Hennessy.

I'm like, I think I can make 20 bucks right now.

And I'll just.

Do you go up to anyone and say, Hey, I don't have to pay for this.

If I drink this, do I?

Well, I just like, I'll go, Hey, look at all this Hennessy right here.

Okay.

Let me pretend to be the bartender.

Okay.

So the fifth of Hennessy is sitting in front of me.

Yeah.

Okay.

You enter.

First of all, you look at me.

Yeah.

Okay.

Good.

The situation.

Good.

All right.

Go ahead.

Hey, we've got a whole bottle of Hennessy right here.

Oh, this is a cash, cash bar.

Okay.

But I bet you I could drink the whole thing for 20 bucks.

Okay.

But if you drink the whole thing, it's going to be about $50.

Oh, okay.

All right.

Everybody in here.

Yeah.

This guy doesn't think I can drink this.

He's going through it.

Oh, I bet he could.

Yeah.

Okay.

How much is it?

Oh, man.

He's saying it's $50.

Well, I'm thinking it should be free.

Let's all.

It's going to be $50.

Let's all check that it should be free.

I can drink a whole Hennessy fifth.

Some call it a problem, but I call it a gift.

Yeah.

Yes.

To chant and sing.

Oh, well, you know, I'm just reminding everybody.

Sir, are you going to pay for the Hennessy or not?

It should be free.

I haven't paid for Hennessy in 20 years.

Police.

Oh, I got to get out of here.

See, man, I got to get out of there because I have a lot of history with the Italian police.

Oh, gee, you.

Yeah.

All the other police I'm on good terms with, but the Italian police.

Yeah.

This is a bad situation for you exhibit.

Yeah.

What is in it for the bartender also?

Yeah.

You're not even going to tip him.

Well, it's a spectacle.

It's just almost like you're going to drink the Hennessy for $50.

I would expect a $10 tip.

Oh, so you would expect that, but you're not going to get it because the money you use is the tips you make in the sales after this Ebenezer Scrooge type, just like you.

Look, now this is just in.

Hey, where do you keep the Hennessy?

What do I keep it?

Yeah.

Like a fridge or a bedroom.

Oh, man.

Where do you keep Hennessy?

The fridge?

Don't even get me started.

Yeah.

He puts the Hennessy in my bedroom.

Yeah.

I go to bed.

I wait.

I think I'm laying down on my pillow.

It turns out I'm laying down on a bottle of Hennessy.

Really generous godfather scenario.

You wrap it up in a pillowcase at least to trick him or the time for that.

So really you just lay down on a bottle of Hennessy.

I say that looks a little different, but I'm exhausted at a long day.

Is anyone going to address the fact that he's just a talking head?

Because that's some shit I've never seen in my life.

Like I've seen a Ford Corolla for me.

You've seen a Ford Corolla?

Yeah, it was an episode.

You've seen a line scooter thing.

And a Ford Corolla?

That is crazy to me, because that's made by Toyota, usually.

Yeah, see, but on a special episode, we had someone, they had a Taurus, and they said, man, I wish I could have a Corolla.

So just the Ford Corporation just said, you know what, we're going to make a Corolla today.

And the employees were fine with it?

Yeah, that's one of the lost tapes of the Pimp My Ride franchise.

Oh, wow.

Where we were doing combined, like somebody would say, hey, look, I have a Mazda Miata, but I would really love if this was like a Dodge Sprinter.

So I was like, OK, we'll turn that into a Dodge Sprinter for you.

So do you replace every single part on the car?

Pretty much, yeah.

We're like, I mean, to keep it real with y'all, we just switched the badges.

But like, we do a whole montage where I go to the crew.

The bodies are very dissimilar.

Yeah, yeah, those are not similar in any way.

I get why those episodes were lost.

Doesn't seem like a lot of juice in that.

You don't think there's a lot of juice in that?

No.

Hey, guys, it's OK.

You don't need to fight about how much juice there is.

I'm just saying.

There's a lot of juice on my bed, Hennessy.

Yes.

Because of what Demi did.

It's not juice, it's just juice.

You crack the bottle when you lay down on it?

Well, yeah, well, I laid down really hard because I was really exhausted.

How do you lay down on a pillow, mister?

I put my head down softly.

Well, we're getting into a Jason Manzuka situation here.

I don't want to talk about laying down on pillows.

SCTT, how do you lay on a bed?

Come on, SCTT.

You don't see my titties.

Yeah, I feel like you type it out, SCTT, but you pronounce it Scott.

Oh, so we're not supposed to say I see titties?

Here's my problem.

I start typing SCT.

It's going to be like, well, you meant SCTV.

And now I have.

Oh, that is all of a sudden Eugene Levy is here and he's like, uh, I'm working on Schitt's Creek right now.

This is what I'm focusing on.

Another SC.

Does he only do things that start with SC?

It's American Pie.

Yeah.

Oh, true.

Well, guys, we're running out of time.

Exhibit.

I think you've been no help to us.

I'm just saying I try some of the things.

Some of the things.

Try some of the things?

Yeah, try some of the things.

You told us three things.

We're supposed to only try some?

Yeah.

If you try it, it'll blow your world up.

You be seeing the followers come in.

Was the Hennessy also, uh, like, should I try that?

I mean, you could try that.

I mean, you can't drink a whole Hennessy fifth.

You know, no one's called it a problem, but you've got it.

He's using reverse psychology.

But I mean, if I could.

In fact, you're going to pay for it?

Gabe, I will pay you $20 to let me drink the Hennessy in your room.

All right.

He's going to be out $70.

I paid $50 for that, but if you couldn't drink it, I'll give you $20.

All right.

No, he's paying you.

Okay.

No, no, I want the 20.

No.

What?

All right.

I'm lost.

We, uh, we're running out of time.

We only have one final feature on the show, and that's a little something called plugs.

It's the plug time.

There's no going back.

It might not be funny, but it's still part of the show.

Hey, nice and short.

That was plugs theme by Dan Willis and Brian Smith as two social media, uh, songwriters, uh, former vine stars who don't remember what the pause feature was.

What do you think of that song there?

It was nice.

Yeah.

It's vibey.

It's a little longer than six seconds, which is my only concern, but yeah.

Yeah.

It was approximately one second longer.

Is it seven somewhere in there?

It never play on vine.

Yeah.

All right guys, what do we plug in here?

Uh, uh, who wants to go first?

Demi, you want to go first?

Yes, sure.

You have to clear your throat to ask him to go first.

It's common courtesy.

There's something stuck in there.

All right.

Uh, I would like to plug, uh, my friend Gabriel's Twitter.

Oh yeah.

It's at Gabe Gundacker.

I believe.

Yes.

And, uh, his Instagram is also at Gabe Gundack.

Is it Gabriel there?

I think it's Gabriel on Instagram.

Okay.

That's confusing.

It's a mess.

Wow.

Two names.

And what are we going to find on these, uh, two social media platforms?

If you go to the very specific address that you've mentioned.

Well, on Twitter, you might find some, uh, some words that'll make you laugh.

And some videos that also might do the same thing in making you laugh.

On Instagram, I believe it's a lot of photos.

Um, also intended to make you laugh.

Uh, uh, videos too?

There's a few videos on there.

I don't know that I've ever seen a photo that's made me laugh.

Well, I've got some stuff to show you if you want to check out at Gabriel Gundacker on Instagram.

Huh?

Try, describe one of these photos.

I'll see what.

Just any photo?

Any photo.

Any photo in the world.

I'll see if it makes me laugh.

Uh, there's a photograph I saw recently of a cat with a, it's a hat.

It's not, you know, you'd think there's a size of a cat's head and that's how big the hat should be.

It's smaller than that.

What is the hat is smaller?

Hat is small.

The cat is also tiny, but the hat is too tiny.

So a tiny cat and a tiny hat.

Tinier even.

Tiny.

So, oh, so the hat is smaller than the cat.

Yes.

Yeah.

No, nothing.

I don't think so.

Well, that'll all change when the president gets.

Oh, okay.

All right.

Okay.

Gabe, what do you want to plug?

I would like to plug Demi's personal Facebook.

Oh, thank you.

This is where he posts pictures of his family.

His family and stuff.

Oh, how does someone access that?

They search Demi Adejibe and then they request him.

And if he ignores you just keep requesting, keep requesting.

Just keep at it until you just give in?

I actually don't even use the Facebook, so I wouldn't see it, but still keep requesting.

Oh, okay.

Great.

Spaghetti Cappellini, what are you plugging here?

Obviously not social media like these guys.

No, of course not.

I want to plug at chosen Berg.

He's my favorite comedian on Twitter.

Oh, so you're still able to access.

I can go on.

I just can't post to myself.

Oh, okay.

Yes.

And a new podcast.

You're the man now dog on Patreon.

I think it's a fun new podcast.

The same improv podcast.

Check it out.

It's a lot of laughs.

Are there too many Patreons?

Absolutely.

Is this the cutoff?

The bubble is about to burst and I'm trying to get there before it does.

Okay.

Exhibit, what are you plugging here?

Well, I got a friend online.

His name is fee and he's on Twitter.

It's fee F E.

No, well, it's FY, but it's actually, he spells it.

Unfortunately, I F Y N W A D I W E on Twitter and Instagram, but he's also on this series on echo E K O would have just went with co.

That's another thing.

Yeah.

It's an interactive platform with videos.

It's called wizard school dropout.

He wrote and acted in it.

You know, I was, I was emailing them every day, like make sure you're knocking them vows now, cut them vows down.

Really?

Do you take your advice?

Not at all.

Okay.

Well, we'll see how the show does.

We'll see how it does.

All right.

Well, I want to plug a look.

I talked about it before.

The voting is going to open up on Monday of next week for the comedy bang, bang best ofs.

Every year we put all the episodes that we've done in the previous year up online for you to vote on.

In a poll, you can go to earwolf.com.

I would imagine to find out where that poll is.

And we're also going to put up all of the live episodes in the poll and we'll be playing a clip from your favorite live episode, because I did want to mention we have, we've been on tour this for the back half of this year and all of the live episodes are going to be up online, the final three, New York, Boston, no, New York, Philly, and Washington, DC.

I'll go up on Wednesday, listen to them all vote on your favorites.

And also I want to plug three dumb, three dumb.

The show that I do with Paul F.

Tompkins and Lauren Lapkus is finally the most recent season is out for free now.

And so everyone go and subscribe and listen.

That show is going to be out for the next 20 weeks and people really enjoyed this season.

So I want you to hear it.

And of course, the between two ferns movie.

All right, let's close up the old plug bag.

Yeah.

Oh, your eyes.

And open up the bag.

Close your eyes.

Open up the bag.

You gotta get those eyes closed.

Get them, get them, open the bag.

Get them, get them, don't be closing, don't be closing.

Open them up and let's get loaded.

Let's get loaded.

Open up the bag.

That was a great song.

That is pretty good.

That's a really good song.

I did not like that.

I don't know about that song.

No one?

Oh, you gotta get in earlier than that.

I liked it a lot.

Sorry.

That's six seconds though.

It is.

In dog seconds.

That's a burner Scott.

He burned you.

All right guys, I want to thank you.

Demi and Gabriel, so nice to have you guys on the show.

Two roommates, you know.

We hardly ever have roommates on the show.

Yeah.

You should have more roommates on.

What if this turned into a roommates podcast?

Tommy Lee Jones and George Bush.

Yeah, man.

That would be the dream.

Those are the ultimate roommates.

I think so.

Spaghetti Capital 80, always wonderful to see you.

Thank you.

Pretty good to see you, Tiska.

It's not really equitable how good it was for me to see you.

Is that how good it was to see me?

I apologize.

Exhibit.

I think this is going to stick, quite honestly.

Okay, well if it doesn't stick, I'll find something else to pimp.

Okay.

Maybe you can pimp this show next time.

Maybe.

Maybe, or you can drink it out certainly.

All right, we'll see you next time. Thanks, bye.

Yeah.

Heroes!
