---
layout: page
title: 630. Thomas Middleditch, Jon Gabrus [https：⧸⧸cloudfront.wolfpub.io⧸CBB-630-20191126-MiddleditchGabrus-DTBv01-PW.mp3].mp3.wav
category: cbb 
---

♪ Comedy Bang Bang ♪ A crab claw is just a lobster claw that ate tiny juice.

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

Hmm. Thank you to Gentle Nice Man. Gentle Nice Man for that catchphrase submission.

And welcome to Comedy Bang Bang indeed. You wouldn't know it from that catchphrase submission, but just voted by the AV Club as one of the 10 podcasts that defined the 2010s.

As one of our guests is miming the Bill & Ted guitar, air guitar, I believe they call it.

Yes. Am I allowed to?

You are allowed to mime air guitar if that's what you're asking.

Yeah, go ahead. Go ahead. Please do it.

Wow. That was like, first of all, that was a Paul McCartney level, like above the chest.

Oh yeah. I was thinking, who's that guy? Isn't it the bassist in Korn?

Oh yeah.

He really, he puts his feet together and then- Sometimes it would be like all the way down low below the knees.

And then sometimes it would be like- That's the high and tight.

You'd rest your chin upon the top of the bass. That would be top of the bass.

Top of the bass, baby. I think also maybe a guitarist or something from Rage Against the Machine does that nice and high and tight.

Oh yeah. Oh, one of the guitarists from- One of the guitarists.

Yeah, I believe. What was his name? Richie Sambor?

Richie Guitars.

Welcome to the show. My name is Scott Aukerman and we have a great uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, show.

Boy, when you're 11 years in and you blank on the word show.

Hey, one of the best shows of the 2010s.

One of. A wonderful show coming up. Our guest who we're talking to right now will be on the show, as well as some other people. And before we get to that, I do want to say that the Best of voting is open. It's open for the next two weeks, two weeks only. I mean, it'll be open after that, but I'm counting the votes.

I mean, to me, it's a no brainer.

What do you think it'll be?

Caitlin So Fresh.

Okay.

Caitlin So Fresh is easy.

People are allowed to come onto the show and lobby for themselves.

That is the one thing that a lot of guests don't realize is there is a two to three week window after we close the, uh, the episodes that are eligible, uh, Thanksgiving where guests can come on and tell all of the listeners to vote for them. And you are taking advantage of it.

Not only do I think Caitlin So Fresh is, uh, objectively an incredible episode. I had so much fun. That was maybe the funnest time I've had on this show.

That well, uh, uh, hopefully we'll surpass it today.

That and, and, uh, fucking missed the superintendent with Horatio Sans.

Oh yes. Both classic episodes. That was the previous year that, that got into our previous year's best ofs and perhaps Caitlin So Fresh will get into this year's. Who knows? Who knows?

But you want people to vote for it.

Yeah. And right now we don't know who I am.

We don't know who you are, but I will be.

I'm just a concerned citizen.

Anyway, I'm out of here. I think your guest is about to come in.

Okay. Yeah. You're just a no one with no sort of a relationship to the participants.

No one's no one dude. Just cause I don't live in Hollywood.

Oh, sorry. What is your name, sir?

Corf Corbin.

Corf Corbin. Hello, Mr. Corbin. How did you get into the studio?

I just, uh, I'm nobody. I'm nobody.

Wait, you said you were no- I'm a nobody, pal.

Oh, now you're being sarcastic with it.

Later.

Oh my God. He just hopped onto a skateboard and just stood on it.

Now I'm getting off and leaving.

Okay. Now he started to push it. Wow. All right. Well, we have a wonderful show.

Our first guest.

Hey, I think we're going to need to get that Corf Corbin shit again.

We have to redo the Corf Corbin? That was not planned.

The levels I hadn't, I was ready to try to get the levels right, but Corf Corbin, he came in with a little bigger voice than I was expecting.

It was too hot.

Really? So what are we peaking?

We were peaking. The luff is through the roof.

And we also have to worry about long-term LU ranges, eight.

How do you know all this stuff now, Gino? This is incredible.

By the way, our intern Gino here is recording the show for us.

Yeah, sorry. And I'm done talking after this.

I just want to say, did you need that Corf Corbin stuff?

I would prefer that we leave it in. Yeah. Do we have to go back and loop it all?

I don't know. That guy seemed like a crazy middle ditch head. He was voting.

He kept saying one character that Thomas Middleditch played in the last year.

And then he he I didn't know if I thought this was maybe like a John.

You know, what's his name? Not John Wayne Gacy.

Mark David Chapman situation. Oh, OK. Yeah.

Well, tell you what. Tell you what we'll do. That guy's gone.

He had a voice that was so thank God because he dropped the novelization of Splinterheads.

So I thought he was here to maybe kill Thomas.

Well, he had such a he had a voice that was so dissimilar to Thomas's.

But Thomas, would you mind after we finished the episode just going back and looping what Corf Corbin said?

Yeah, I think I can remember what he said.

OK, you may sound a little bit like you. Yeah, he's a big fan of Kalen. So fresh.

Yeah, we'll type it out. We'll get the transcript. OK, great.

I just want to make sure everyone's safe. I'm out of here.

Hey, Thomas. Pleasure to see you.

By the way, our first guest and you know, stick around for a bit. Do you mind?

I could do that. You don't you have to.

Are you like interning? Are you man in the? Yeah. Yeah. I'm man in the booth.

I'm in the booth. I got the laptop. I got a monitor. I got two iPhones.

One's playing Amazon Prime. One's playing Netflix.

What? Wait a minute. What are you playing in there?

Because you told me to keep playing between two ferns on loop on my phone to get the views up.

Yeah, I didn't tell you. And then Krasinski's got me doing the same thing for Jack Ryan.

Oh, no. How do you know Krasinski? Krasinski and I go to the it's hard to explain.

We go to the same acupuncturist and like we're just working on, you know, he's and he the way we met was at the acupuncturist. I walked in. I made a lot of noise.

You made a lot of noise during the you're like during the actual massage.

Yeah. And I knocked a bunch of needles over and then like some incense and everyone's freaking out. And Krasinski's like, it was so loud, you almost attracted monsters. And I was like, that would be a funny idea. When you came up with the idea for a quiet place.

I said I said, I'm telling you, that's a good idea for a movie. He's like, I like it. I'm like, but make sure that the set deck is like an anthropology or a J crew so that it's completely believable that you live in a post apocalyptic situation. You know, maybe have like chunky plaids and nice candles, your stuff that is dangerous. And don't ever move to the waterfall.

Is it cool for me to address my issues with a quiet place three years after this is such an interesting and quite odd thing for him to say you were so loud, you almost attracted monsters?

Well, he could be pouring water right into the box. Want to get water for time?

And for me, I'm definitely OK. You can have this one. I can have this one. Thank you. You're going to have to put it by me because I'm OK. I'll be off mic while I try to get it. We just smelled the water and said, no, no thanks. Yeah, I need a minute.

It's are you one of those aliens from signs? Oh, come on. Of course not. You're trying to promote the idea that famous actor Thomas Milleditch is actually an alien from signs all this time.

Ever since his first smash hit, the movie Splinter heads. Maybe that's why that name sounded familiar. I saw it on the book.

Isn't it weird that M Night Shyamalan, he does Unbreakable where the guy he gets in water and it's his weakness, Bruce Willis. Right. Yeah. And then his very nice movie signs. Oh, no, water. The aliens weakness. What's going on is Bruce Willis.

M Night hates showering. It's a little known thing. He's afraid of the water. It's called Wicked Witch Disorder. There's good ideas in Hollywood. Right. And so he's just one of them. I mean, our bodies are made up of so much of it. So much of our bodies are made up of it. I wouldn't say our bodies are made up of so much of the water in the world is much that implies that we're taking up too much of this water. We arguably also doing that. Yeah. Yeah. That's true.

That's a good point.

Climatologists would have us believe that that's what we're doing. I don't believe any of that stuff, but I think the tank underneath the flat earth is completely filled with water. So we're going to be safe for millennia. Oh, okay. I do want to introduce that ice wall, baby.

I want to introduce our guests because he's been on the show many times and he is, I will say he is the last man standing of the silly cone Valley poo crew who has come on the show before we first, we had three of them. Maybe more of them were invited, but only three would come. And it was our first guest and Kumail and Martin star.

Then it got down. Then Kumail was too big for it. And it got down to just Martin and our guests coming up. And now Martin is nowhere to be found. And we just have our guest. He plays Jack. What is your name on? So Richard, Richard Hendrix. Really? That doesn't sound right. I promise you like Jimmy Hendrix. Not like Jimmy. Well, I guess last name wise. Yeah, sure. But last name wise, what did you think I was talking about? I don't know. Like Richard Hendrix. Is it spelled like Hendrix, like Jimmy Hendrix? How does Jimmy Hendrix spell his last name? With an X baby. Then yeah. So it's not like, no it's KX. It's like the gym. It's CKS. Like Louis CKS? Come on. You're canceled.

You're canceled. Let the guy tour.

At least let him tour. Come on. The guy needs another quarter mil a year. Hook him up.

At least certain states. He's doing the Aziz Louis CK Southern belt tour.

Give him Arizona at least for crying out loud. Well, look, he plays this fake name Richard Hendrix, which does not sound right. I really would. It is a fake name. It's a fictional character. I would check your scripts just to make sure that that's actually. They're in like openly the last season. Has anyone called you Richard Hendrix on the show? Or is that just the name that you think it is? They say almost every other line starts off with Richard.

Here's the problem. Really? Yes. I get the Richard part. I understand that. But Hendrix?

You just thought my last name was not Hendrix? I thought it was computer or something like that.

Richard no eye contact. Well, he is of course the star of Silicon Valley, which. Have we not said his name yet? No, we have not said his name. Let's get to it. We have in reference.

There's plenty of context clues for you to guess who we might be talking about.

Split their heads. Silicon Valley. You didn't get it by Splinter heads. You're lost.

But he plays this Richard Hendrix, I guess, character. The final episode, I think it's coming up this Sunday. Where? No, I think that's the penultimate one. No, no, no. I'm saying when this comes out. Oh, it's this Sunday. The classic comedy bang, bang mistake.

You don't tell us. You don't tell us prior. I will say that is my job. I should say that is my job.

I will say a little behind the scenes on this show. I took to telling people beforehand, hey, this will come out on this certain day. So when I say that your thing comes up this Friday, don't disagree with me. 100% of the time they say, no, it's not. So it doesn't matter. Okay.

Nothing matters. Nothing matters. I mean, this is a disposable medium. Oh, exactly. Yeah. This is supposed to be ephemeral. You listen to one episode and you throw your phone in the ocean.

Well, not the hardware that you listen to. Oh, that's how I do it. Oh no. You're not going to throw that phone in the ocean after you watch between two ferns movie. Are you? No, no, no.

You told me I have to play it 100 times and then I'm allowed to toss. You're looking for 100 views.

He's got me like a, he gave me like a dozen iPhone burners, he says. And I got to play, I got to play between two ferns on all of them. 12 different accounts.

12 different Netflix. Guys. That's easy math. That's just 1200 views. That's nothing. Turns the internet. Yeah. Per day for the next 40 days. Yeah. I mean, yeah. A hundred times a day. That's going to be hard for you to do, but I think you can do it.

Oh, I got it. I'm free a lot. And then plus you gave me all that bootleg, Zenadrin and hydroxy cut that you found in the dumpster.

Yeah. You got, you got dumpster jokes, bro. It's a little diddies. Thomas, Thomas middle ditches here. Welcome Thomas. Thomas middle day, sweethearts said his name.

Was that your last name too? Middle ditch. Yes. I've had it my whole life. That seems strange too.

This is like, I feel like I'm in that, uh, uh, alternate Bernstein bears universe where like, nothing is making sense. What did you think my last name was? I just thought your name was like Thomas improviser. M I D D L E T I C H X middle ditch.

Correct. You know what? Correct. You know what at this point? Correct. Yes. And that's correct. So Thomas, silly con Valley is ending.

It is. Oh no. It is. And on this show, I don't know how earnest I should be.

You should be 100% earnest, but I do want you to spoil the final episode.

Be scared. Stupid. Yeah. I want you to spoil the final episode. What happens?

Uh, okay. You really want it? I really do want to know. I want to know what happens this Sunday.

Okay. Cause if what the host wants, the host gets, thank you. I wish more guests came in with that attitude. Gino. You could use a little of his Moxie. You're the host. You didn't know I was the host, but you have like, I don't get it. So the premise of this show is you're the boring one. And then you bring in interesting people and you get to be considered the host. But no one's listening for you. I mean, true. Do you know, is this your new thing? You just say true things that you truly believe as if saying it within the guys. Anything Gino says he doesn't necessarily believe.

So that way we can play this in my court case. I think you believe all about the quiet place criticisms. You know, I like the movie enough, but let's be real. No one thought of sound.

Just move to the waterfall. Their one weakness sounds no one thought to maybe amplify it.

Well, you know, their weaknesses sound because there's a scene where he's looking at a chalkboard that says weakness equals sound. He's nodding, reading it like it's a bunch of clues. Yeah.

Wait, what if we amplified these sounds? Oh boy. Yeah. You'd think that would have been a military thing. So tell us what happens. Okay. So, you know, they're in pursuit of this new internet, right? Oh, that's like what's happening. Okay. Cause the new in this current internet is filled with people who own our information and exploit us. Okay.

So we'll make this new internet. Turns out they succeed. They make it. And then what happens is when they plug it in. Yeah. A girl of their dreams is formed. She's hot. She's horny. Like kind of smart. And she's like, is she British? Yeah. She's British. She's more like European. It's like a bit of that. Like probably born mainland Europe, but learned English with the English accent. So she's like Melania.

How to Gilfoyle Hendricks. Yeah. She's the ideal woman. She's like Melania. She's like the dream, the weird science dream woman. Yeah. Do you think Trump created her in a computer? That's the only way he just sort of booted up a Tandy smash some keys. Let's see what happens. Here we go. Power on. Oh my God. Check this out. I'm going to name you.

Melania. Do you feel foil and Hendricks?

Are they able to stop the biker gang? That's coming to take a Pied Piper away from them led by bill Paxton. The problem is the late bill. He filmed all of his scenes before he got away.

You guys are doing a star Wars hologram thing, right? They knew the, the, the producers knew bill Paxton was going to die and they filmed all of his scenes. Right? No, it's let's just say it was an inside job. Oh, the death. I feel pretty bad about saying don't love this bit. All right.

But yeah, no, we meet his gang and it turns out we got to join them. It's like a two hour season or series for now. So we joined in and we got to get the, we got to get the drugs and we got to get the money. I remember we got to get the trust and we got to, you barely remember you shot this years ago, years ago, like five years ago when bill was still around. Yeah. And so we got a lot of people don't know this, but you guys for Silicon Valley, you shot the final season in between seasons two and three. Yeah. So you would know where you were going.

Yeah, exactly. So we do get the drugs. We do get the money cause you wanted to be spoilers. Yeah. I want just lay out the entire scene.

And we bring it back to the final scene. Well, we got the drugs, we got the money, the guns.

Oh, you have the guns. And we figured out, um, exactly how to make the new internet. And there's a new hot babe girlfriend and, and, and, well, I was going to say, come out, but Dinesh is doing rails of Coke, but it also come out was cause Crayola insisted on having real drugs. It was real Coke. Yeah. The guy was like, any of it before? No, this is his first time. He was like, he wanted it to be real. I've got to make this real. And you can imitate him because you're friends. Yeah. And, uh, yeah, he's all jacked and he's ready to go to Marvel town. And he's like, I'm going to do this one last blowout. I'm going to do four pounds of cocaine. Whoa. Oh yeah. This is incredible. So what happened? I mean, the mount for your first time, was he, was he fine?

It was great. I've never seen him act so hard. Wow. So he's, he's good. Huh? Erect hard or, oh, he's like, oh, I see what you're saying. He's acting.

He's just acting hard. But I mean, he was hard. Is this like an Emmy worthy performance for him? That's what I've been saying.

Whoa. This is incredible. Oh yeah. And this was five years ago. Right. I just remembered the timeline. So he got all jacked for Marvel five years ago.

Then he lost it. Yep. Then just then like six months ago, it was like, oh shit, I already have this back. And, uh, well, let's just say, cause I mean, I've told you plenty, but to leave one ounce of mystery, I just want the final line and the final image. Okay. Well, leave it alone, Richard. It's Silicon Valley. How did you, have you seen it? I was at the, uh, sneak previews. Oh yeah.

Yeah. Really? Who says that to you? Uh, dream girl. The dream girl says it? Yeah. I was going to go.

Jennifer Hudson. Jennifer Hudson is, Jennifer Hudson plays the dream. Oh, she's perfect casting for that. Yeah. I know. Oscar winner.

Yeah. Amazing. Yeah. American Idol, semi-finalist. Yeah. If I knew that that was going to be the trajectory for an Oscar, I would have been, I would have joined American Idol years ago.

Oh, fuck yeah. Yeah. Didn't do as well on American Idol as she did in those Oscars.

No. Turns out. That's safe to say, right? That happens to a lot of people. Like Ruben Studdard, he eventually got an Oscar. He sure did, didn't he? The boy, um, the boy. The boy. In the first one who Kelly won to is now Dr. Pepper boy. He's the sweet.

Oh, that's Dr. Pepper boy.

That's the Hollywood buzz. Was he nominated from Justin to Kelly? I think he was. Yeah.

He got, he got nommed. Yeah. He, he, he, I love food and I love saying chunky and stuff. Yeah.

Well, I love mispronouncing words and as my comedic personality.

Nice. Well, Thomas, this just sounds incredible. This is sit. Oh, that's how it ends. So suddenly, suddenly it fades to black. No, and then goes abso literally. And then sit boo boo. Sit. Yeah.

Wow. So you're basically just getting all the production.

And then the typewriter page goes, wow. Yeah. What about the MTM? The cat?

Get out of here, cat. That one. Someone says, get out of here. Do you come in and you go, get out of here, cat. And then it's just your face in there.

Yep. Like a little, that's all folks is assumes that what about Amblin? How does that one go? I don't know. We are Amblin.

And then is there a wayfare commercial just tacked on at the end? Wayfare.

I think you're describing one specific evening of TV.

Empire today. And then a whole episode of Empire just to get people hooked on that.

Yeah. The segue is the Empire carpets commercial and then it goes into Empire and then cars for kids. And then you're like, okay, season over folks. Go home. Some time. Right. Yeah. The general. Yeah. Yeah. This is incredible. Thomas. This is this podcast. I had a meeting with the general last time I was in LA. No way. Yeah. Really? To be honest.

General. General. General. Yeah. It was great. Shaq is his turns out Shaq's receptionist. He's not just in the commercials with them. Shaq is actually working every day, but no, wait, hold on though. Shaq is the star power in that thing. Is he?

Yeah. So why is he working front desk for the general? Because it's titularly it's the general. Right. Right. So I think he's like, he's on the marquee. You know what I mean? Does he have a rank underneath the general? Is he like, he's a four star general. He's a legit general. I don't mean the general. I mean Shaq.

Oh, Shaq is technically a commandant. Oh, okay. So wait, if you're not, if you're, if you're number two on the call sheet, you got to work front desk for the number one.

Not necessarily, but Shaq clearly, you know, he's like, he, something happened. He's doing all these low budget commercials. I think he did happen. He's trying to make some serious money.

I wonder why he doesn't like, why hasn't Shake Shack said, Shaq's doing commercials. We got to get him in here. Radio Shaq Radio Shaq, Jack Shaq Radio Music Hall. You know the app Jack Shaq?

Jack Shaq. I don't know Jack Shaq. What is that? It's an app that lets you know any empty rooms that are nearby that if you want to masturbate in. Oh, just empty rooms anywhere? Yeah. Well, it's like, oh, I think that, you know, this office is closed. That means there's up to a hundred office rooms in there that you can go in. Like if you're hoofing it up on the upper West side.

Exactly. You're like a lot of people, you know, some people are like, is there a good public toilet around here for Jack Shaq? It's like, where can I crank it? And then gives you like, And these are like offices that have been closed completely or just they're closed. Like at 5 PM. I think it's like, it could be a room in someone's apartment. It could be mid day. And it's just like the guy who stays in the HR office is out today. So that means you can, if you can get yourself in there, you can crank. So are the owners of these places, are they opening their, is it like an Airbnb situation where they're opening it up to it? Oh, okay.

So it's not you just breaking into places. No, no, no. You pay a membership fee and then they get a monthly fee for being listed on the Jack Shaq. Quick poll, quick poll. How many times do you think you've been caught cranking it? Caught. Caught. Or just, I mean, someone walking in, I don't think is, is catching you. I think that's a nice surprise. That's your plan going to plan.

I think caught implies that you don't want them to come in.

I don't know. I mean, that's. Oh, wait. Okay. Yeah. So you don't, you've never experienced that. Yeah. I guess it would only be caught if you shut or lock the door. How about you, Thomas? How many times would you say? Oh, man. Cause you've had roommates in your career. Cause you're yourself right now. So Thomas, how many times have you got caught? I'm in the triple ditch, man. Triple? Yeah. Triple ditch?

Yeah. No, like 999. What? You're almost at quadruple ditch.

Yeah. Yeah. And, and are, is this by your roommates or is this just by friends coming over or? We still have roommates?

I should clarify. I should go to a six bedroom loft in San Diego. Right? Yeah. Yeah. And I, I need those guys to help me with the price. I should clarify. I do a lot of sneaking in and waiting. Oh, okay. Oh, you do a little ambush cranks.

Yeah. I do. I do like, there's probably some good foot traffic here. Let me get in the way. But then unlike you, I don't expect, I sort of don't want that fantasy is like, don't find me.

And then they do boy. Am I red? I'm all sexy and red and embarrassed. You're like a little bush.

People. Correct. Wow. Yeah.

Do you know sexy and red? I like that expression sexy, sexy red boy embarrassed or like just the blood is rushed to your head. Yeah. Yeah. Sex and embarrass, you know, cause you can't spell embarrassed without S E X. I guess embarrassed next. Yeah.

Were you embarrassed the first time you had sex? Was it just like, Oh, you were proud of it. I loved it. Did you love to disrobe?

Did I love to disrobe? That's always the thing that you really, it sticks in your mind. Yeah.

The disappointment when one disrobes. Oh, see, I don't have that. I want, I want all the lights on so I can see what I'm doing. Could you get bad eyes? I'm not wearing glasses. That's for sure.

I'm not going to look like a total dork. Anyway, pump these pump these, uh, pump these lights.

Let's get these overheads. You're going to like, you're going to like the look of me when I try to take my socks off when I have no pants on. No, you don't want those yellow bulbs. You want natural light, sunlight. That's the best. Disinfectant open the blinds. What is, what is, what do you think? Gino? You mentioned the socks after the pants are off. What do you think is the proper order of taking things off? If you're about to be in coitus interruptus, I would say, uh, specifically the only look you don't want ever to avoid is fully nude with socks on. Yeah. You just don't want to be that. That's for, that's just not, you know, it seems weird to be in there and you're, you're making out and then you take your shoes off. That's fine. Okay. Let's get more.

But you should have taken your shoes off of the door. No shoes in sight. Okay. But, but say, say, okay, fine. Given. So say you're, you're in there in shirt, pants, underwear, socks. Oh, you should have took your shirt off at the door. No service.

No service. You're not getting service.

No shoes. Service is what you do. Is that what the sign on my door says?

So you got you, you, okay. You pop off, you're popping off shirt. You got tits and toes out.

You're walking around this guy's house, gal's house, whatever's up to you. You know? Yeah, it's up to you. It's person's house. But you know, see, do you know you're, you're so thin that I think it's okay for you to take your shirt off at the door. No, it's okay in that I don't look fat, but I'm still embarrassed about the way I look.

Are you trying to say that big tubby tubbers can't take their shirt off? Well, I just, I'm not saying that at all. I'm saying that, that look, everyone has an issue with the bodies that our parents gave us, uh, wherever they are. I know my dinger's too big. My little dinger is too big. Your parents gave you a body too? Yeah. For your 13th birthday. You got a duffel bag with a body in it. That's not what I'm talking about. That was me. What happened? What was that situation? And my dad was like, get rid of this. Get rid of it.

What'd you do with it? I put it in a above ground pool.

Above ground? And then just put the cover over it. Just put the solar cover on top. Oh no, someone's going to find that thing. Now it should have been boiled. It should be boiled down to just bones in the filter at this point. Yeah. Give it enough years. Chlorine will do wonders to a body. Oh really?

Oh, it'll ravage it. It'll have blonde hair on that skeleton. So Thomas, what do you do next? I mean, the Silicon Valley is off and then I'm okay. I guess I meant in your career. Do you leave your gloves on? You take everything off and fuck with the gloves on. I wear, uh, leather racing gloves.

The ones that show the knuckles. I wear full winter, like, I wear Oliver twist just so I have the fingers. Oh, you need the fingers free.

You always been fuddling around with those fingers. But what do you do next? I mean, uh, obviously this was such a wonderful show to be a part of for two seasons through. I don't know how long you enjoyed it. Oh, I enjoyed it. Well, a couple episodes, but yeah, it went on for a brutal six seasons. Well, now that the show's wrapped, you can get a face tattoo. You can like change continuity for yourself, which is exactly. I mean, you've had to keep your hair this length the entire time. Which is hard because your hair grows super, everyone knows like weekly you're getting heat cut off. You have a five o'clock shadow with your hair.

Yeah. Yeah. Well, I think big, big goal, uh, sort of big picture stuff is I'm definitely going to grow that ponytail. I've been talking to where the back meets the butt. That would be, that's so hard to hide when you're shooting. Yeah, I know. You know what I mean? You got to get like a fake neck. Yeah. Like a fake neck strap my ponytail into my shirt and then slap some of that neck tape over it. Like a prosthetic neck. The gaffers always have neck tape. Why do you want it so secure? Because you just, if it flops out and it swings around, you're chasing, you know, you're, you're running circles. You're chasing Zach woods around a circle and all of a sudden your ponytail pops out. Yeah. And everyone's like, wait, this guy's got a ponytail. And then I think that would be amazing. If the final episode, suddenly you take your ponytail out of the back of your shirt and you whip someone with it. Yeah.

Yeah. Well, I mean, I finally get to grow it out and playing it. I don't have it now.

Yeah. Jesus. I don't know what I said wrong. Do you know? I wasn't listening to that at all. So I have no idea. Me barely too. Um, what else is going on? I mean, do you want to do like a volunteer at the puppy euthanization plant? Oh really? Do you want to be the one to actually do it or yeah. Cause we figured out how to get power from a euthanizing. It's clean. It's clean energy. Their life source. Uh, yeah. So, okay. Weird, weird thing. I don't know if you've been reading the news, you know, bill Gates has that new solar conductor. Okay. Yeah. I figured out how to get life force from puppies. Similar to how the Skeksis get it from Gelf links from the dark crystal. Oh yeah. So we put them in a bin in a bin. How many to a bin? Uh, it's not that bad.

It's like two, 300,000 to 300,000. This is like a mass gray.

I mean, yeah. You put it like that, Scott starts to sound weird. Uh, it's just 300,000 puppies in a bin. It won't be weird when your computers getting charged with this is just to charge your phone. 250,000 puppies in a bin gets you one hour of laptop. This does not seem worth it. Just zero pollution. Just do that. Pull a Glade and plug it in, plug it in. It's a renewable resource, you know, cause we keep getting older and these puppies keep staying the same age. All right. All right. All right. Hey, you know what I'm saying? I was just reading your last three box office scores. Sorry. I'm quoting. You're quoting the movie you're watching. I watch it 150 times a day for the last 10 days. It's a bird in my fucking head. I love it by the way. Thank you. Thank you.

Okay. Now I'm not supposed to take you seriously when you say things. Oh right. Right. Right. But I do like it. I don't know what to think. Now this is kind of fun. I'm being a bit cheeky earlier and I'm only going to tell you now.

So on your little desk here, you've got all these signatures. People wrote them. Sure.

SIGs we call them. Yeah. You got SIGs. I as a little fun, little silly bit, I wrote down Alexis Texas because I thought that would be fun if she did this podcast. Okay. Who was that? Alexis Texas. Oh, she's a pornographic movie star. Oh. But I just thought, well that might be fun.

Interesting work Scott. Good work pretending you didn't know who she was. Thank you. That was solid acting. And who is this Alexis Texas? Is she known for her plump bottom? By any chance?

Tread on me baby. So there must be more to this story. No, that's it. That sounded like the setup.

No, that's just it. I just, it was a light ounce of vandalism, but it's not really that vandalism.

Cause this sounds like a fun prank. Did you do this one over here where it says Peter North and then there's a huge puddle icing? Yeah. You're a cheeky little guy.

I did that one over there. This is Gianna Michaels and just, uh, bouncy lines. Bouncy lines?

Yeah. She's thick AF. Oh, she's the I, the I, the I, the I, oh dear. All right. Well, it's not that kind of a show. So let's, let's talk about our favorite porno search terms. Well, can I, can I, can I segue into, can I segue into the natural progression?

Sure. The pilot episode of Growing Pains. Okay. I was on an Aeroplane commercial and had 30 minutes left and on their TV selection was the first three episodes of Growing Pains. The first three ever. Yeah. And I, I saw, I couldn't resist Growing Pains pilot. Kirk Cameron was wearing a leather jacket. Wasn't he?

Kirk Cameron did wear a leather jacket. I remember that having a big impact on me.

Kirk Cameron was a real standout. I tell you in those early episodes. Everyone else was like, get, you know, sleepwalking. Yeah. And Kirk Cameron, boy, howdy. Yeah. But it's, it's slow.

I tell you, that show is slow. Wait, this is what you want to talk about? Yeah. I mean, that's it. That's where I'm at. That's why I don't typically come on as myself. What do you, you want to talk about? So you want to talk about, what are you up to after Silicon Valley? I'm growing my hair out and I just saw the Growing Pains. And by the way, it's slow. I thought I'd share that with everybody. I'm telling you, I'm telling you I'm quite dull. Okay. All right.

I don't know. I've seen other interviews where you talked about really interesting things. Oh, really? What's the topic I should talk about? How about topic? You talk about whatever you want.

Whatever you want to talk about. We'll talk about it. If it's the pilot to Growing Pains, I'll take it. No, I'm not here to stop you. No breaks from me. No, this is, this is, this is my new interview. This is my new interview style. I just stick to the basics.

I know where you're going and I'm not going there. We're talking pilot episode Growing Pains.

Thank you internet. I'm okay. I got it. I just feel like you're giving the gold to everyone else, but me, the gold's been given we're back on track. Well, this ponytail thing is equally a huge, yeah, ponytail is going to be big. We're bringing back Growing Pains. He's part of the ponytail.

I'm playing Red Dead Redemption 2 on PC. It's great. I would like to see a Growing Pains reboot with Thomas. That's with Thomas. Yeah. As the, as Kirk Cameron or as, wait, Alan T. Alan T H I C C.

But with fucking nice juicy ass. Just a juicy pants. The Alexis Texas ass. I want to see Alexis, Texas ass on Alan thick blur them lines motherfucker. And he's his head's a fucking cat head. Yeah. It's fucking anthropomorphic subreddit. Oh, we're talking deviant art, baby.

We're talking the fucking deepest corners of deviant art.

Okay. I have no idea what you guys are talking about.

Neither do we. Yeah.

Neither do we search gargoyle tits, deviant art and live your dreams. Well, we have to take a break. I'm sweating. You are sweating. You're you're so thin. Usually your joxy cut my body temperatures up to one Oh six. Yeah. Usually you're shivering so cold because you have no body.

That brain melting temperature. Oh yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I keep hocking up loogies that have a gray matter in them. All right. We need to take a break. Uh, I don't know what's going to happen when we come back. Who knows? I have an idea. Do you? All right. We'll be right back with more comedy bang bang after this comedy bang bang. We are back.

Uh, Gino, my intern is here. He poured water for himself and I have an empty glass. I don't really know. Pass the glass.

I'm a freak for wanting water. No, because you were able to pass the glass without even you were fully reclined and you were able with your long ass arms to pass me this glass. I'm a freak for my body. We're all freaks for our body. I'm a freak for your body. Thank you, Gino. By the way, Gino, you, you, uh, I was going to get to you, you know, three terms of how to record things now is you're studying going well. Is that yeah, I'm doing my thesis project, which is on, uh, on Stitcher right now. Right. So on Stitcher premium right now. Yeah.

It's sort of like, it's called the Gino Lombardo show. It's like a Howard Stern in that it's behind a paywall, but it also has ads.

It's the worst of both worlds. Really. Well, wonderful.

People can head over to Stitcher premium and get that. Yeah. Use promo code freedom if you want for a month.

Yeah. Um, but, uh, uh, Thomas, uh, took off in a huff. He first, he much like, uh, cores. What was his name? Corf. Cause, uh, well, we got a report from the valet that a guy named Corf was around near Thomas's, uh, Thomas drives the Tesla cyber truck. Oh, right. Yeah.

Corf was down there whaling on it with one of those fucking, uh, you know, a kettlebell.

Oh no. And Tom, when the valet guy came up here, Thomas, Thomas is like, I got to take care of that. I have the only one in the world right now. Cause they use 20 to 25 rounds of semi-automatic gunfire and then right. Peel out. And then that's it. So we don't know who won, but the show must go on. The show must go on. Well, we do need to get to our next guest. Uh, he, I don't have a description of what his job is here. I just have a name, but let's welcome to the show. Chauncey Pippins.

Hello chaps. Hello, uh, chap. Can I call you a chap? Of course you can. Oh, uh, wonderful. Uh, uh, so nice to meet you Chauncey. Pleasure to meet you as well. Scott Harkoman, Gino.

Lombardo. It's Gino Lombardo. Yes. Chauncey Pippins. Chauncey Pippins. Chauncey Pippins.

Where are you from? You sound like, uh, you don't sound like you're from the States here.

Oh heavens. Now I'm from across the pond. Where is that?

England chap. Oh, the Atlantic pond.

The land where they say chaps. Yes. X, X-mouth. I believe I'm from. Yes. X, X-mouth. Oh, but I spend are you saying X-mas with a list? X-mouth. Yes, it's quite right. Yes. Marvel comics.

Is that the theme to the X-men, uh, uh, cartoon? It's supposed to be, but I don't know.

I have terrible, uh, hearing and also musical talent. Right.

I spent more time in the Cotswolds around Toad in the hall and around Shostas Bend and, uh, crins me down the lane. Oh, okay. Wonderful places. I've never been to, uh, but it's hard to tell with England.

Those cities, pubs or people's houses. Oh, lovely little hamlets, little villages as it were, little townships, towns, small little places with thatch roofs and lovely properties with people owning horses. Oh, it sounds pastoral and beautiful.

It's quite lovely. Yes. But no, no, no. Now I'm in X-mouth. It's a port town. X-mouth. It's a port town. Oh, it's small, but it's a port town. Not as good. So a lot of sailors. I can't stand the water.

I hate it here in Los Angeles because I can see the water.

You're like an M. Night Shyamalan.

Yes. My, my character is heavily inspired by M. Night Shyamalan.

Character? No, yes. Well, you're meaning the character of your person. As my life. My life is inspired by him. Right.

It is inspired by him. No, no, no. It's a loose, loose connection. Do you think you'll have a twist ending? Well, I spent some time lost at sea. You understand? You were lost at sea. What do you mean? You were on a boat and you were, you could not find land? The boat capsized and I was on a raft. And I remember seeing a Bear Grylls video. Have you seen this Bear Grylls video? I haven't seen it. Gino, describe these. What are these? He's just like a little British dude who fucking squeezes water out of elephant shit. He's a survivalist.

Yes. Yes. Yes. And I remember him, and this is a video you can find online because it saved my life. He described a situation where you want a raft, but there was a little bit of fresh water in the, in the crevices and the crevasses. However, it was scummy and you can't ingest that scummy water through your mouth.

You'll get sick. So the best way to do it is through your anus because your anus, your anal membrane can filter scummy water. So he's telling me, yes.

So he fashioned, uh, and a little funnel and an enema as it were, and gave himself a scum water enema.

And he said, as he lay back and put the, inserted the funnel into his rectum, he said, the only thing now to do, left to do now is lie back and think of England. And good golly, that's exactly what I did. You thought of England while you were watching the video? Yes, I thought of the Queen. I thought of the Prince. Were you, were you reenacting it as you watched it? Yes, yes. And then as luck would have it, I was in the very same situation when I did the exact same thing. Do you have to get inverted to help the scummy water run up your butthole or is it, you can kind of blow it if you need to or something. The best situation, the best premium situation is yes, you are inverted. You know, what's the, what's the, what's the maneuver? What's the move when you're sort of lying back, but you're on your shoulders and your legs are up. Uh, that's receiving pile driver.

Oh, okay. Well, I was in the receiving pile driver position, uh, just jamming that tube filled with scummy water up my, uh, my anus, uh, my loose and hoose and, uh, had a good go with it.

And I felt perfectly hydrated afterwards. It was okay. That's interesting. Afterwards, after afterwards, afterwards, afterwards, he did. I felt perfectly hydrated off to work. Okay.

So you were hydrated. So how long were you out at sea? Well, how long were you there that you had to resort to these 22 minutes? 22 minutes. That's longer than the growing pains pilot, which moves slow. I hear it's a slow burn. You can drive trucks through those cues. Tighten up people.

It's tech week. Check week. Tech week. Oh, tech week. I suppose in Hollywood, it is check week.

Everyone's looking for the money. I'm imagining everyone getting paid like right after the episode.

Everyone cutting checks. Like here you go, Mr. Cameron. Oh, that would be check week.

You gotta be careful saying stuff like this in Hollywood and Los Angeles because people are going to now launch businesses where you get scum water enemas. Yeah.

Yeah. That's not about it. Is that why you're here? To promote scum water enemas? I don't know.

I have no idea. It is the first thing you talked about when we asked you what's going on.

You read me like an open book. Yes. That's exactly why I'm here. Well, all types of enemas. You see, there's another video online of people being addicted to coffee enemas. Have you seen this?

I don't watch a lot of online videos. Sounds like Chauncey does. Oh, yes. You can't get enough of it. Almost seems like Chauncey searches enemas. No. Well, just for research because I'm starting an enema company, you see. I will send you in a box your preferred liquid or substance. So this is like a stitch fix situation where they'll send you things. Yes. I don't know if they appreciate that kind of blog. It's a loot crate for enemas. It's a loot crate for your anal satisfaction.

Okay. So I'm a businessman, you see. You are a businessman.

I'm a businessman. Is this your first business or is this the result of many businesses? No, no, but it's not my first business, but I do hope it's my last. I hope this one, this one, please God, this one will be successful. I thought you meant I hope this is my last AKI.

I hope I died during this. Oh no. As long as I die, a rich man. What are some of your failed businesses? I mean, you're blowing past that. He just did a perfect back flip. I well, yeah. That is indeed is the sound of a backflip, Scott. Pay attention. Pay attention. I do watch a lot of cheerleader videos, so it doesn't really impress me. Now we know your search term cheerleader video.

Well, you're a classic man.

You would have liked my second business. What was your second business? My second business was you could go online to a site website, website, you know, a portal, log in, you know, register.

We know how to get there. Yeah. We know how to register on the forums because I think I wanted to create a live forum sort of where people can discuss things. Yes. Okay. So it started out as a message board and then turned into, well, no, I just want to link your forum account to your online web portal account. Anyway, anyway, what you do is you would, uh, hire people to assassinate cheerleaders. What you're at a game, right? Your team is doing poorly and the other team is cheering away, having a grand old time. And there's a direct link to how well they're doing by how loud in your fucking face. Aren't they Scott? Well, not with this website, not with assassinated cheerleader.com. You got the URL. That's great.

It was easy. So you don't, well, it was taken and I had to spend 200 K just to get it, just to get it, but it was worth it until it was not. And I've lost a tremendous amount of time.

So there was no lead time. You didn't need like a week of prep time for the assassin. They could get there in the middle of a game. Oh no. See, and that was the big business flaw is that it took a long time.

It took about two, three months for turnover. So by that time you've cooled down. You don't want that poor girl or guy to die. It's just innocent. It's just doing their job. Yeah, exactly. And yet once you, you know, uh, assign a contract, you can't back out of them. You can't.

No. So people died, but in terms of the contract killer code, a lot of people felt quite remorseful, remorseful for setting that ball in. I watched a documentary about this because the FBI started having to put people undercover as high school cheerleaders and then they got into even more hot water for the shit that was going on. It was like a real 21 jump street situation.

Yeah. Well, cheerleaders jump around a lot. Yes. Like the house of pain.

Yeah. You big house of pain fan. Oh, love them. Jump around, jump around. Yeah. What about their other songs? That's the one I know. Yes. I'm afraid that's it. I'm afraid that's the only one. Well, yeah. Everlast solo, maybe. Oh yeah. You never know what it's like to be alone.

How's that one go? Everlast, the singer of house of pain.

He has a solo career. Oh, oh, oh. You never know really what it's like to be alone.

Something like that.

That fits. Yes. That tracks. So this did not do well, meaning people didn't buy it or that it got shut down by the government. Well, there was over, over 40 high school cheerleaders and some professionals were murdered. Yes. Yes. And, and every single person, this is the real chocker, every single person that signed up to the service that had that, uh, those assassinations occur, they turn themselves in. Oh, a lot of high profile. We've got a lot of billionaires in that.

Oh no. So this is like a, who was the Hollywood madam? Uh, Heidi Fleiss. I have that knowledge.

Bill Gates. Um, Bill Gates. Wait, you're saying these are the people on the list?

And Bill Gates signed up for the service, right? Why is she watching a high school football game?

What? She's not allowed to be a football man. I guess.

Anyway, I'm not here to talk about that.

I'm here to talk about what type of fun liquids I can mail to you so you can shut up your house.

All right. Well, let's list liquids then. Well, what's, what's it going to take? My question about coffee enemas. Yes. Yes. Do you have to do hot or can you do cold brew or is it too much if you do cold brew? Yeah. What about just tepid? Oh, you can do this entirely up to you. What's a good temperature for an enema? Well, I will say that ice cold, ice cold is a real shocker.

Because typically anuses within the realms, within the confines of your colon are quite warm, toasty even. So you, yeah, it's like a little, it's like a little easy bake oven down there.

Don't eat the brownies. Sure. Yes. Very good. Very good.

Very good. You just did a another flip. Jesus. This guy's agile. Yes. I'm like a cat.

A panther. Is that why you got into the kill? Not to get back to it, but the kill a cheerleader.com because you know, so many cheerleading moves or yes. Well, you've, you've kicked over another stone. Yes, of course I did.

As any young philanthropist does. Really? Yes. Okay. So who was the first cheerleader that you killed or had killed? No, no, no, no. Please move on. Yes.

Yes. Let's move away. As I tried to earlier, let's move away from the killing of high school cheerleaders. It's some professionals, some professionals. Thank you for that. I would actually say the ratio is primarily adult women.

Yes. They were competing at the time. There was, I mean, they were held back. Even the high school.

No one under 18 was murdered. High school cheerleaders were all left back.

Yes. They were all above 18 and verbal consent. All the ticks were ticked. Okay. I do remember that one year that the Dallas cheerleaders, they were, they came out and they were like, we don't have any this year. Was that due to you or no competing business. Really?

They figured out the work around whatever it is. Oh, okay.

Now it's Amazon. So now do you remember topical? Do you remember that? That movie Batman?

The original of Michael Keaton, the original 1989, 1989.

Yes. It's thrilling. Do you remember the, he's very popular now, but there was a character of the Joker. Oh yes. Yeah. Played by Donald Sutherland. I think it was a, yeah. A key for Sutherland's father. Michael Keaton. Well, do you remember the part where he says this town needs an enema? Oh yeah. Yes. Yes. Quite fond. Do you remember that? Yes. Yes. Yes. You remember the part where Donald Sutherland in the Batman movie says this town needs an enema. Yes. And he goes, and as a one time he goes, where does he get those wonderful toys? Anal toys. Well, corrects themselves sort of under his breath. You can barely hear it when you watch the movie, but it's in the subtitles. Yes.

Yes. Yes. It's like, it's in those, it's like in those Disney films. And then Robin Williams is going all good teenagers take off your clothes, you know?

Right. Yes. Yes. And then his, his sidekick says to him, leave it alone, Joker. It's Gotham.

Right. Exactly. Just let it be, friend.

Did that have an effect on you when you watched it? Did that get you interested? The only thing that had effect on me was Kim Basinger in that movie. Holy shit. When she shows up with those Sally Jessie Raphael glasses, the form fitting black sweater. Remember that? Yeah. The late 80s, early 90s, people had giant glasses. Love giant glasses. Oh.

Stuck up like a full third of their face. Perfect. Oh. And she makes a thrilling and very sexy comeback in LA Confident. Now we're just talking about her career. Oh yes. Well, she's a dream. She's a dream inside and out. I mean, we're talking about glasses, but it is weird that you're wearing two monocles, one on each eye.

Well, it's a little bit more efficient. Would you say? Why not wear glasses? Well, I find every time I, have you ever had a pair of glasses and they've broken?

Sure. Is that what this is? Avoid breaking all together by wearing two monocles. Yes. And I'm actually, I've got a side business. I did, it wasn't going very well, but since I'm getting a free plug. Oh yeah, please. Yeah. Two monocles.com. Two monocles.com. These are for people with broken glasses. These are for people who are tired of breaking their glasses. Just want a pre-broken as a, so like, uh, like traditional nerd costumes. They can come to you. Yes. People from the battleship Potemkin. Yes, yes, yes, yes. If you're trying to think of other glasses that have been broken. Yeah. Jewish weddings wrapped in a napkin. Wait, what's that? Those are different.

You ever been to a Jewish wedding where the rabbi walks out of the crowd, takes like the grandma's glasses, wraps them in a napkin and then the groom stops. I don't get the culture, but hey.

Yes. Yes. So two monocles.com. Two monocles.com. Yeah. Two monocles, one cup. Those monocles, they have the string that are, you know, not all do you see one of mine has a string, a stringy poo that goes into my little pocket. Yeah. But we all don't have, that is a little pocket. It's a monocle pocket. It's just big enough for a monocle. Nothing else could fit.

Nothing else could, could or will or no pens, no pocket protector. No, you couldn't put a pen in here. You'd put it in. See, look, and it falls right out.

So you look, I'm putting one in and then just a good sound effect. You'd have to put the mic up to it. Maybe possibly maybe, maybe drop it onto this. I put it in and it falls down.

Okay. That's it.

Good thing you've got that sound effects board, literal board, LOL, Topical! You just did a full somersault into...

Behold as I bounce off the walls. Oh my God. Holy shit.

This guy's nimble.

And the monocle stayed on the whole time. Yes. Yes. Nothing beats a little brow power.

Are you worried you're going to have forehead lines? Just trying to keep those monocles in place?

Am I worried? Oh, Scott, you haven't had a crystal meth enema.

Crystal meth enema? A crystal meth-a-ma.

Really? Okay. So you, what is that? What is the process like for this?

You grind up a bunch of crystal meth into fine powder. Add a bit of water.

Little bit of water. How much water do you think?

Oh, you want the water to meth ratio?

We're doing a one to two water to meth ratio. Okay. Water to meth.

You want it to paste. Not a goop, not a liquid. You want it to paste.

Meth paste. And you put some Moroccan oil.

Do you do this in a mixing bowl or what do you...

Well, you'll get it prepackaged. You'll get it all ready to go.

Oh, I see. This comes from you.

This is one of the things you can order from me online.

Okay. So basically you're just selling drugs and delivering them online.

It's not exclusively drugs. No, no, no, no, no, no.

But it's also, you've got some essential oils and vitamins, vitamins, and you've got some...

Is that just you're packaging this with vitamins around it so it looks like you're just shipping vitamins? Look at my face.

If anyone were to x-ray it. I've got two bloody molecules on my eyes.

They have gotten rather bloody. I think you're gripping them too hard.

You have like full scars around both eyes.

It's incredibly difficult to relax when you're on...

Then why do it?

Point eight pounds, oh point eight kilos. No, no, we do pounds of...

Stone.

Yes. Point one stone of paste, meth paste jammed in your anus. It's hard to relax.

But look at my brow, not a single crease.

You're using them right now.

Oh yes, I'm stuffed to the gills.

That's what that blue puddle is underneath you.

Oh yes. Oh yes. It's water white stuff.

Yeah.

So you're...

Stuff of legends, stuff of a television dream fantasy.

So your enemas are drippy in nature.

No, that's just my anus.

Oh, I see.

I have not yet mastered the full airtight clench.

So a proper enema of these ones that you mail to people, they won't be as drippy as your anus is. It just depends on the anus.

Mine would be.

Most people will want to fill and rinse.

Ah.

I have reached that stage where it just doesn't get me going enough.

Ah, I see.

So I've got to clench and hold and let it come out and piecemeal.

All over other people's property.

Property?

Well, I mean, I can't deny I've made a mess of it.

Yeah, that's true. I guess the rug is our property.

It is. You own it.

Unless you're renting, ooh, you don't own your own studio, Scott.

I, look, my financials are none of your concern.

Well, what's the real estate on this building?

Why did you buy the building?

Why didn't I just buy the building?

Yes, why did you just buy the building?

How rich are you?

How rich am I?

Yeah.

Name a number.

Seven.

More than that.

More than one or seven?

Yes.

Seven hundred pounds.

More.

701 pounds.

This is going to be a game- Price is right rules.

Wait, I'm going to just guess high numbers and I'm going to say more every single time.

Every single- infinity.

Infinity.

Let's flip it. Why don't you just tell us?

You can't do more than infinity.

Oh, really?

There's infinity plus one.

Ah, shit.

That's exactly how many monies I've got.

So not infinity plus two.

Yes, no, infinity plus one.

Okay.

Oh, shit.

I didn't even think- could you do plus two?

Fuck yeah, you could.

Yes, I have a lot of money.

I know, um, I'm good friends with, uh, what's his face?

Joey Tortellini.

Oh, I remember Joey Tortellini.

Yeah, he wins the lottery all the time.

Yes, he's quite fascinating.

Yes, Prince of Sudan.

I believe in something insane.

I would love to talk to him again if he- if he's not down in your car, is he?

Uh, yes.

As a matter of fact, he is.

He's down in my, um, he's down in my convertible sports.

I- can you get him up?

We need to take a break, but can you get him up here?

I would love to talk to him.

Sure, but I just want to say, I just want to make sure that I've effectively plugged my- Go ahead.

Yeah, give it a full plug because, uh, I mean, that could be a tagline for your business.

Give it a full plug.

Well, damn it.

Yes, that's exactly what it is.

Damn it, you seem crestfallen by that idea.

Do you already have a tagline?

Maybe it seems so predictable.

Well, yes, Enema's online.

Anything you want to shove in, give it a full plug.

Okay, I, you know, brevity is the soul of etc.

I think you could probably cut that down a little bit.

No, that's what it is.

What's the URL?

What's that website?

Um, different types of stuff to shove in there.

Dot com.

Oh, okay.

I like that.

That's smart.

It's good to get the dot com and the dot com at the same time.

Yeah.

You really want to cover your bases.

If someone's going to make a rival silly website with dot com, you might as well own that redirect as well.

Yeah.

Okay, well look, you go down and get Joey Tordellini.

We're going to take a break.

Okay.

And we're going to be right back with more Chauncey Gardner, more Geno- Chauncey Pippins.

Chauncey, sorry.

Who's Chauncey Gardner?

Oh, the guy from Being There.

That's the main character.

The real character.

Yeah.

Oh, God.

That's a fake person.

Oh.

Not like you.

You're a real person.

100%.

Oh my God, look at that!

Entirely real!

Now you're just doing a full handstand.

I can do a split Jean-Claude Van Damme style wall to wall in this little studio.

People can't tell, but your voice is upside down right now.

And if you're listening, if you turn the volume up right now, you can hear like the glugging of the meth paste waddling around.

Yeah, just swashing around in there.

That's because I'm inverted, split style, foot on each wall, just slosh.

Hold on, let me blow across the top of his ass.

Yes, as you can tell by the tone, there's still a lot more room.

All right, look, we're going to take a break.

We'll be right back with more Comedy Bang Bang after this.

Comedy Bang Bang, we're back here.

Gino Lombardo, our intern's here.

I'm sorry, did you say something?

Yeah, I was just introducing you.

Sound speeds and we're back from commercial.

We have a bit of recording.

OK, I'm going to have to go back and loop this.

Yeah, let's loop it.

Too bad Thomas isn't here to loop it.

He's so skilled at voices.

Did you hear what he did with Korf earlier in the show?

Wait, that was...

He looped all that.

Yeah, Korf sounded...

Yeah, it was incredible.

That was nice of him.

Well, this is great.

Chauncey Pippins is also here.

Hello.

A budding entrepreneur.

Yes, yes, I've brought someone you requested to see.

That's right.

Well, I want to introduce him.

He's been on the show a couple of times.

He is...

He's originally from the Sudan.

He has a Hitler mustache.

He's unemployed.

DJ's in Vegas every weekend for $70,000 minimum a show.

He's won 222 lotteries, every single one that he's bought a ticket for, most of which were mega jackpots.

He is a skilled amateur pediatrician, a general in the Sudanese government's military, and might be guilty of a few war misdemeanors.

He's 0% an astronaut, but recently deployed a Kickstarter to raise money to pay NASA to send him to Mars and or the Moon, which he claims is the only method by which to visit Mars and or the Moon and have the voyage become considered completely official.

He might have also bought NASA, although that was an issue of contention amongst most scholars.

Please welcome back to the show Joey Tortellini.

Hey, how's it going, you guys?

Hey, it's great, Joey.

Great to see you.

All right.

I haven't seen an intro like that since Apollo Creed in Rocky IV.

Man, jeez, I feel like a champion.

I had to go to the wiki for this.

Is this who I see?

Yeah, that's me.

Yeah.

All right, Scott.

Yeah, this is you.

Hey, Joey.

Hey.

Great to see you.

Hey, Joey.

My name is Gino.

Nice to meet you.

Good to meet you.

You were I last talked to you on our 10 hour anniversary episode, I believe.

Did I not?

Yeah, yeah, yeah, I think so.

I can't remember what I said.

I've got I've recently been struck in the head multiple times.

Oh, no.

By whom or by what?

I don't know.

Oh, well, you never will.

It's a real tragedy.

I'm like I've got all these tattoos on my body.

Oh, yeah.

I noticed those are all new.

They're all new.

So you have a totally like illustrated man kind of situation.

Yeah.

So I'm trying to figure out how I can figure out who bashed me on the head by following the clues of the tattoos.

You're writing clues, to do clues, to do is clues.

I'm calling them to to his clothes.

This is like a blues clues.

It's exactly like blues clues, which I don't remember.

I don't remember blues clues.

Remember, someone told that was one of the clues to go watch blues.

Yeah, and now I do.

But I didn't.

Oh, OK.

Did you watch growing pains?

Have you only the first episode?

What do you think?

Slow.

Anyway, it's check day.

They should hurry it up, shouldn't they?

Yeah, exactly.

The trouble is I put all these tattoos on my body after I got beaten up in the head.

Oh, no.

So they're they're of no help to you.

I would imagine.

I'm trying to figure out if they are.

What do they say?

Well, let's read one of those.

Make sure to pick up your dry cleaning.

So these are just errands that you've written down.

Wait, so you're trying to figure out who hit you in the head?

Yeah, a bunch of times.

Yes.

And you don't know who did it or with what?

Correct.

And why do you know?

You know, why do you have the back of the claw part of the hand?

Yeah, I'm talking about I'm telling you from here, every time you turn around, you have a tiny, like a tiny mason hammer, the claw part that's just lodged and embedded in the back of your skull.

Yeah.

Tell him, oh, John C.

What do you do?

Joey, do you mind if we talk to Chauncey here for a second?

Yeah, sure.

I'm going to go look at the wall and count how many specs I see.

OK, hopefully more than one.

I'm basically I'm basically turned into Coach Steve.

I don't know who that is.

Big mouth.

The crawl is a friend of yours.

I've never seen the show because I'm not on it.

They've drawn me on it.

Anyway, what are you doing?

Was he are you the person who hit him in the head with the hammer?

It's quite obvious, isn't it?

How many how do you think I've gotten all my money?

Wait a minute.

I thought it was honestly from all the businesses you were.

No, those businesses are complete failures.

They sound terrible outside of this enemy thing.

I really think it's got I don't think so.

Well, anyway, I've enemas.

We've got legs or no, we're above the legs.

We're between.

We're between the legs enemas were right between the legs.

If you don't know that it's got legs part enemas stuff you up right between the legs.

Anywhosles.

Yes, I so you just jumping my family, my family fortune and now it's all gone.

Well, I mean, it's where did your family get its fortune from the Boer War?

Oh, what is the Great British Boer War?

Great British Boer War hosted by Mary Berry and Noel.

What's the field?

Anywhosle.

Yes.

Now, please.

So how did you meet Joey Tortellini?

He was at the Ace Hotel.

In Palm Springs.

What an interesting detail.

What were you doing at Palm Springs?

It's where everyone gets to be seen or see.

I've stayed there once.

It's nice.

Can we talk about how serendipitous is that there's so many specs in the corner of this office?

Yeah, I mean, he's he's only up to two as well.

We got time.

So thank goodness because I'm really laying it all out here.

So you both were at the Ace Hotel.

Did you meet in the pool?

Yes, we met in the pool.

There was a lot going on in that pool.

If you know what I mean, I don't kids swimming.

I went at a different time.

Yeah, totally different experiences.

Anywho.

Yes, I was there.

It was there.

We got to chatting.

I was telling him about my business at the time, which was tiny, tiny little hammers.

And he said, tiny, tiny little hammer.

Why did you start that business?

Well, because I thought hammers are typically too big.

They're too big.

You end up not knowing what to do with them.

You bash your thumb and you go, fucking hell.

Why did that happen?

Yeah, this way, if you bash your thumb, it's just like a big deal.

Yeah, it's kind of annoying.

Yes, but irritating.

It's a little bit more weirdly.

Anyway, he said, oh, that's that's a business I can get behind us.

I don't really.

Well, the investments about 3B billion billion.

And he said, that's no problem for me.

I've got a lot more that came.

OK, so it sounds like he's willing to give you his money.

Why did you bash him in the head?

Because I.

Because I've got a lot more ideas, Scott.

Wait, so he's giving you 3B?

That's not enough.

So you bash him in the head?

I'm not going to sell out.

I'm here to make a dynasty, a dynasty, an empire.

So you have 3B?

You know, I took that little tiny.

3B if you put it in like an emigrant direct savings account at 0.5%.

You could probably live off that forever.

How do you know all this, Gino?

Oh, well, because I got that settlement from when they threw the hot burger in my lap at the All-American drive through.

Oh, I didn't know about this.

Yeah, I won like.

They did it on purpose?

Through implies intent.

They took it.

They opened the bun and just threw the hot beef patty.

Right.

And I had because I had my pecker out.

Oh, so they were trying to cover it?

I was trying to pee into a little cup because I had to go and I was stuck in the drive through.

And they saw my pecker, they thought it was like a sexual assault type situation.

So they threw a hot burger patty right on it.

You got to throw the bun.

Landed, sealed the tip.

Sealed it?

Sealed it.

So what's going on with all your urine?

I have to go weekly on Sundays to have my urethra added again.

Oh, just the tip?

Added.

Yeah.

What's the process?

Some light drilling.

Light drilling?

It's drilling.

Oh no.

There's nothing.

I'm assuming.

Can I ask a bizarre technical question?

Please.

Yeah.

They drill into the tip of your penis.

Yeah.

Are you hard or soft?

Because I can imagine a soft dinger is going to be unwieldy.

The first time they tried to drill soft, it just wrapped my dick all around it like cake batter on a mixer.

Oh yeah.

Like when you get your hair stuck in those videos.

It's just.

In the online videos.

Or like hair in a vacuum cleaner.

You are all over the net, my friend.

I can't stay away from YouTube.

Me and YouTube, me and Ebon's world, getting along.

What are you up to, Joey?

Six.

Oh, he's gone a little faster.

We got to blow through this.

So you know, there's a ton of them here.

I'm basically Coach Steve.

I, uh, okay.

So you got to get hard.

They have someone there to help you.

Get hard, stay hard.

Yeah.

You got to get hard, stay hard.

They slap a little ring around the face.

Isn't that dangerous?

You don't have a hole anymore.

So yeah, that's why you can't come.

So that's the hard part.

Yeah.

You're like staying over here.

But you can't come.

You're like doing tantric shit.

But I would imagine with a drill, a light drilling going down your, your, your shaft.

You're not close to coming in here.

Oh yeah.

You would, we all imagine that.

Yeah.

We all imagine that until you start putting a drill tip, the vibration, all that shit.

It's primal.

And so you always come when they pull the drill out.

That's the thing.

Okay.

Well, that's the time to do it.

Yeah.

They get it in, they pull it out.

Because it's been weeks of clogged.

Right.

Exactly.

Right.

Can I ask you a question?

Of course.

Do you happen to know what they do with all that cum blood?

Oh yeah.

Cum blood?

You mean the bloody cup?

Yeah.

Okay.

Because you shoot bloody ropes right after everyone knows that.

Okay.

Because I don't know.

It's this kind of show.

Oh, it is now.

I think there's a market for that to plug it right between the legs.

For the enemas?

Yes.

I think you can get some medicinal properties, but with bloody cum.

Ropes of it.

Just shooting great lengthy ropes.

Please stop rolling your r's.

Great lengthy ropes.

Shove directly down a funnel.

Yeah.

It's like vanilla and strawberry flavored Twizzlers.

Oh, okay.

So when did you bash him in the head then?

Oh, right after he gave you the money?

Right in there in the pool.

In front of all the children?

Before he gave you the money?

I can do it quite subtly because these hammers are quite small.

I realized then, well, that's what the real bloody purpose of these things are.

Cause I bashed and bashed and bashed and then he couldn't remember who, what the hell he was.

Well then you didn't get the money.

I know.

This is a bad plan.

So is that why he's sitting in your car?

He's sitting in your car all morning while you're in gas?

Got this brain dead bubba all...

Humuculous.

It's humuculous tagging along every business meeting I'm going to.

It's bloody, it's bloody inconvenient.

It's a nightmare.

Hello, Shucks.

It's me, Chauncey Pippins.

We're here to pitch you.

Do you know that?

Who's the bleeding cross-eyed guy standing next to you?

Relax, Damon.

Six.

I'm still on the last one.

Oh, okay.

This is a bad plan, but I feel like a responsibility.

Like we have to tell him or something.

I mean, see something, say something.

You could try.

He's not going to remember what you say.

See something, say something, but also snitches get stitches.

Oh, the two competing clauses.

And every truth you tell will be combated with the lies I've tattooed on his skin.

You tattooed these?

Yes.

So he doesn't have dry cleaning?

No.

One of the tattoos...

You monster!

One of the tattoos I tattooed.

Get the fuck up, Dennis!

He's going to go, assume that they lost it, yell at the people.

You're a sick fuck, man.

But he won't remember.

He goes every day, gives them something to do, the poor bastard.

I also tattooed on his skin a picture of him getting a tattoo.

So he thinks it's all him.

Whoa.

A picture of himself giving instructions to the tattoo artist?

Okay.

So how did he forgets every day that you get, you are the one giving the instructions?

Yes.

Who's your favorite tattoo artist?

Yes.

Running through your head, running through your head.

I don't know what that is.

That's the band Tattoo.

Oh, okay.

Thank you.

And running through your head like as if my tiny hammer were.

Right.

Clever on multiple levels.

Oh my God.

Look at that.

And is that why I thought it was an MC Hammer reference, but he has a tattoo on his arm that says hammer don't hurt me?

Yes.

Is that the one that he did himself?

Well, that's a little trick I did.

I got tired of him asking, why did you hear me?

That's a good impression.

Why is this hammer in my head?

What's this hammer doing there?

And I said, is it hurting me?

Will it cause brain damage?

And I said, is it hurting me?

I said, look at your bloody arm, you fool.

And it says hammer don't hurt me.

Oh, so it's not.

It's just not imploring the hammer not to hurt him.

It's saying it's a reminder.

It's all good.

Don't worry about it.

Oh, okay.

SICKS!

K, I'm stuck on this one, guys.

So what is the ultimate plan with Joey over here?

Well, as soon as I get that money, I figure I might shove him into a dumpster.

The original three billion that he promised to give you.

Oh, he's got so much more.

Scotty, you want it all.

I want it all.

You're like the good liar.

And the money hungry Freddie Mercury.

Wow.

Yes.

I want it all.

And I want it now.

I want it now.

Fried chicken.

Yes, yes, yes.

So if you've got any ideas, I'm happy to hear them.

Just tell him the situation.

He seemed like he was going to give you the money.

Yeah, I would say offer him like, hey, if you give me four billion dollars, I'll help you survive.

I can't bear it.

You, you ask him.

Joey, can you come back over here?

I couldn't get past six.

I'm so sorry.

I'm pissed now.

You have wet your pants.

I noticed.

No, I've pissed.

This is a terrible episode for bodily fluids here with our guests.

It's a great episode if you're into them.

Yeah, that's true.

It's probably going to make top ten of the year.

Probably.

Can you campaign for episodes while you're on them?

While you're on them, can you do it?

Well, I mean, this one's not eligible for another year, but I think people will remember.

I think a lot of these things are going to hit even harder in 2020.

Yeah, true.

2020, this is going to be much more relevant.

Yeah.

What year is it?

I'm fucking dumb now.

What do you think it is?

Six?

Nineteen ninety one.

Oh, six.

Ha.

That's the number.

I get it.

That's a number.

Yeah, that is a number.

I'm trying to pay attention to Joey, but Chauncey is doing one continuous backflip.

Still doing gymnastics.

It's incredible.

He's on like his eighth spin.

This is wild.

I like it how he puts the thing in his bum.

Yeah.

OK.

All right.

All right, Joey.

I like that.

All right, Joey.

We have something to tell you, Joey.

OK.

Is it a secret?

It is a secret, although it should not be a secret any longer after we tell you.

What are you going?

All right.

Do you remember you went on a trip to Palm Springs recently?

The Ace Hotel.

I remember splashing around in a pool pool.

OK.

Get wet.

This is good.

Taking a dump.

OK.

I remember taking a dump in a pool in Palm Springs.

OK.

I remember.

We're circling.

We're getting closer.

Hey, we're getting closer.

Chauncey left that part of the story.

Yeah.

Do you remember how you met Chauncey over here?

Yeah, he picked me up in his car when I wanted to leave the Ace Hotel.

He actually met you at the Ace Hotel in the pool.

What?

And can you feel behind your head?

Can you reach behind your head and feel?

Ignore the thing on your arm that says, do not feel behind your head.

Yeah.

But I told him to follow my tattoos.

No, actually the tattoos clues were not used.

Who did that?

Clues would not use?

Used didn't do the tattoos clues.

If I, if Mays didn't do them, who's do's?

Who's the two's clues lease?

Who do's the two's clues if it wasn't Mays use?

Chauncey Pippins tattooed you.

You're damn right I did and I do it again.

The tattooed part or the hammer part?

Joey, please.

He's just, he went back to the corner and started counting.

We lost him.

Joey, Joey, come back.

What?

This doesn't shake you?

Chauncey here is the one who hammered your head trying to steal your money and has been tattooing you every day.

I'm thinking about these poor kids in the Ace Hotel pool.

First of all, not a great place to bring your kids.

Yeah.

The dumps.

Secondly, a guy's taking a dump, get his head pinched.

Seems like a fucking wild.

Why would I be mad at Chauncey?

He's my best friend.

And some people are saying he's my only friend.

I mean, you've never talked about having friends on the show.

You've talked about a lot.

I've done a lot of terrible things, Scott.

Yeah.

Tough one for me.

Yeah.

People remember.

Yeah.

A lot of people aren't saying is that maybe you deserve to be in the situation you're currently in.

Also, I'm saying if I got to get bashing the head and have a tiny little hammer sticking in my brain and I got to give this guy my- Stop pouring water while he's having his emotional- Oh, that's going to make me weep.

That's not me.

That's Chauncey just emptying.

Sorry, chaps.

I had it as long as I could.

But I put it in this cloth so I could use it for later.

It's like raging waters in here.

It's such a mess.

Anyhooosehoo?

Anyway, if I have to pay all this price to get a friend, it's my price to pay.

So you're cool with it?

Yeah.

You know, Chauncey just wants your money.

He wants three or four billion dollars to subsidize his businesses.

Well, he's got a lot of great ideas.

Okay.

Do you think- did you think the ideas were great before getting hit in the head?

Uh, all of Chauncey's ideas are great ideas.

Okay.

I have a question.

Now that you've been hit in the head, have you seen A Quiet Place since being hit in the head?

Yeah, it's a great movie.

One more time.

Thank you.

So you have no problem with any of the plot?

No.

At one point, you know, you can tell you got to be quiet and then at one point you're like, oh shit, we got to be quiet.

Let's be loud.

See, you know what the antidote for quiet is?

You know what the antidote for growing pains?

Pacing.

Jesus, keep it going.

These growing pains are not going to be as painful if you do it slow.

It's check week, baby.

All Czechoslovakian actors.

Well, Joey, I feel bad about what's happened to you.

You were such a bright shining star on this show.

Now, now it seems like you're close to death and you're incredibly stupid.

The good news is you can still DJ in Las Vegas.

Yeah, that's true.

That doesn't require much of anything.

Just a laptop.

Hey-o!

Yes, Chauncey?

No, I was saying that's a good burn.

Is that what you say when you hear a good burn?

Hey-o!

You haven't said it previously.

No, that was a first good burn.

Thank you, Chauncey.

Thank you, Gino.

Well, guys, we're just about...

Let go of me.

No, I will not.

Oh no, he's taking out another hammer.

No, no, no, no, no.

No, you are.

No, no, this one's just for my hammer pocket.

You see?

Oh.

Monocle pocket, hammer pocket.

Wait, why don't you have two monocle pockets since you have two monocles?

This one stays in.

Okay, all right.

All right.

He just cracked the front.

He did it so hard, he broke it.

Now there's shards of glass everywhere around your eye.

Pay no mind?

I can't!

It's horrible looking.

Pay no mind.

All right, all right.

I'm paying no mind.

Well, look, we're running out of time.

We just have one final feature on the show and that is a little something called plug.

♪♪ Welcome.

You've made it to the end of the show.

So please give us your plugs.

Hey, I'm a big mess.

I want those plugs.

I really want this.

Hold on.

I want those plugs.

I really, I don't know if you can hear me very well.

I said I want those fucking plugs now, please.

♪♪ All right, that was Gimme Those Plugs by B. Mitch D.

And all right, real quick, because we're running out of time.

What are we plugging?

I want to plug, even though Thomas Middleditch is no longer here, Silicon Valley, the season finale this Sunday.

Check it out.

Find out what happens to Jimmy and Richard Hendricks.

I mean, we already talked about what happens, but I guess we didn't talk about what happens with the other characters.

I'm assuming just ritual suicides.

That's what the trades are saying.

Gino, anything you want to plug here?

Yeah, you can check out the Gino Lombardo show on Stitcher Premium.

Yeah, and then also I got this comedian that apparently a lot of people are telling me I would like named John Gabris based out of Long Island.

And he's got a tour in the winter.

He's got some tour dates in January, February, doing some of his own podcasts.

So check those out if you live in a city.

Yeah.

Yes, yes, yes.

And I believe old Tommy Two Tones is one part of Middleditch and Schwartz, and they tour around as well.

And check out middleditchandschwarz.com for some dates near you.

Oh, very good.

And I want to plug Go Vote for the Best of's.

So because in a couple of weeks we're going to, well, in a couple of weeks we have the holiday episode, and then in three weeks we have four episodes of the Best of's.

So those are coming up and check out the Between Two Fronts.

Does Gino have any Best of's?

I, oh God, that'll be exciting.

Maybe this year.

Vote for me on there and vote for the Caitlin.

Caitlin So Fresh.

Yeah, yeah.

And also vote in 2020.

You know, let's have a turnout.

Yeah.

For Melania.

We gotta save this presidency.

Yes.

All right.

Let's close up the old plug bag.

Close your eyes and open up that bag.

You gotta get those eyes closed.

Get them, get them, get them, get them, get them.

Don't be closing, don't be closing.

Open them up and let's get loaded.

Let's get loaded.

Open up that bag.

Let's get loaded up in the bag.

Open up that motherfucking bag.

Open up that bag.

That was a great song.

That is pretty good.

That's a really good song.

I did not like that.

I don't know about that song.

And cut.

Okay, we'll add that to it.

And cut.

We only have a couple more weeks with that song.

I'm so bummed.

Thanks fucking god.

Ah, I love it.

Release the teeth cut.

I've grown to love it.

Guys, I want to thank you so much.

Gino, always good to have you on the show.

Good luck.

Thank you.

Good luck.

Thank you.

Good luck.

I hope you graduate this year.

Or in 2020. Maybe you'll graduate.

Yes.

All right. And Chauncey Pippins.

So good to meet you.

So good to meet you too.

And remember, anything can go right between the legs.

Okay.

I'm not sure about that.

And Joey, sorry.

I can't get past sex.

I know.

All right, we'll see you next time.

Thanks, bye.

Bye.

♪ Heroes ♪ you Thank you.
