---
layout: page
title: 631. Rekha Shankar, Mary Holland, Jimmy Fowlie [https：⧸⧸cloudfront.wolfpub.io⧸CBB-631-20191203-HollandShankarFowlie-SKv01-PW.mp3].mp3.wav
category: cbb 
---

♪♪♪ I watched Columbo and Dumbo with Dikembe Mutombo, and now I feel like I wasted my make-o-ish.

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang. That is actually not a bad tongue twister.

If I were still in the theater and doing vocal warm-ups, I would maybe switch over to that.

Thank you to Senor Gravystains, barf, for that catchphrase submission, and welcome to the Comedy Bang Bang episode that you're listening to.

It may be first thing in the morning, this is the most I've spoken today after a few half-hearted grunts to my wife.

Now I am my wife, as William Shatner said.

I am now talking in front of an audience of hundreds, if not thousands.

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang for another episode. This is Scott Aukerman, your host.

A little bit later on the show, we will have an astronaut.

Wow, okay.

We're going to be talking about outer space, I guess. I don't know why they need to clarify outer.

You know, it's space. Like, oh, I'm traveling to space. Oh, do you mean outer space?

I don't know. We'll find out all about that when we talk to her.

We also have an unemployed person. That's really, you know, a lot of people who come on this show have jobs, and interesting jobs that we talk to them about, but this person has decided to abstain from employment, either by choice or either voluntarily or non-voluntarily.

And perhaps some other surprises along the way.

But before we get to those two people, we're going to turn to the field of entertainment.

Someone who traffics within that field. She is the head writer for College Humor, the YouTube channel.

She is one of the writers of Astronomy Club, which is premiering this week on Netflix.

She's also my buddy from the Between Two Ferns movie.

Please welcome Rekha Shankar.

Hello. Hello. Wow. What an intro. Good or poor? Poor.

What an intro. I mean, like, poor intro. What tips do I need to get better at intro?

More pizazz. I didn't see any like, I didn't see any gesturing.

No jazz hands.

Well, I feel like I know that the listener can't see it, but it does have an effect upon the voice.

It absolutely has an effect upon the voice. Yeah. Rekha, so nice to, I was going to say, meet you.

But we've known each other for about a year now. Yes, we've met. So lovely to re-meet you.

I like to do that every single day. Every single day I like to re-meet people.

Yeah. Say hello to your wife. Good to re-meet you. Good to re-meet. It's like being born again.

Yeah. In a lot of ways. Do you, speak to whom? Do you know Jesus as your personal savior?

And Lord. And Lord. And Lord. Okay, thank you. Is he your Lord?

You know, not today. Does he Lord over you?

Yeah, I feel like someday maybe. Okay. Rekha, you are the head writer of College Humor, a website, or a former website now, a YouTube channel. Yes.

I don't know that much about it. This is humor that appeals to college people.

You need an MFA in order to understand these jokes.

For sure. Mostly doctors. The big time a doctor crowd is our audience. Big time people, like professors love us.

Are you worried about Medicare for All that suddenly your audience is going to evaporate?

Oh my God, yeah. We got to start reaching out to like our Rust Belt economy people.

You kind of dumb it down over there at College Humor.

Yeah, it's way too highbrow. Way too heady.

Yeah, too many chemistry jokes. I mean, that's just what's in the zeitgeist.

Tell me about N.A., of course salt.

Yes. Oh, NACL. NACL, of course. Thank you.

Did you take chemistry in, where did you go to school?

I went to NYU. You went to the new...

York. York. Tricky.

That school in New York. The NY stands for New York.

Yes. I was legitimately on a bus to New York once with someone who creepily started asking me questions and I was too young.

This is a friend of yours? Absolutely not.

Okay. And they were like, where do you go to school? I didn't know well enough.

I was like, NYU. And they're like, what is that? And I was like, uh, I mean, at New York University, he goes, where is that? That's what it was.

Where is that? He said, where is it? And I was like, oh, you're a serial killer.

So this is a gentleman or a, certainly the doctor could be a woman.

The doctor was a woman, but the creep was a man.

The creep was a man. Okay. Usually they're men.

Yeah. Yeah, I've seen that.

Yeah. How, what was the age difference? Was this a May, December romance that he thought was blossoming?

Yeah, I would say like if it was December, like 30 years before me.

So December 31st and you're like a new year baby.

I'm like a new year baby. Yeah. Okay. Yeah.

And, uh, did you hit that? Um, and absolutely I didn't.

Actually, a story I had just read about was someone had been decapitated on a, on a, like a mega bus or Greyhound bus. What is a mega bus?

I don't know that I know what these are. Oh, great.

These like double deckers, triple deckers? Big, tall bus.

They, they sacrifice length. They make it tall.

Seats two people in each floor. But you really want that high-rise, that corner. The corner apartment.

A mega bus and bolt buss are like East coast bus companies.

They go to like Virginia, Philly, New York. Are they mega in terms of structurally, or are they just mega in terms of the impact that they have upon society?

I would say the impact because they provide an affordable way to get to Richmond, Virginia or Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.

Is that where you're from? Either of those places?

I'm from Philly. You're from Philly.

Okay. Yeah. Every once in a while I would hear you pronounce a word and I would say, I wonder where she's from. And you'd say disgusting.

Usually it's new. You knew?

Yeah. New. Yeah. I don't know if I have a Philly accent.

Maybe I do.

You have some sort of a thing going on, but I could, it's either, it's.

Is it my lisp from my Invisalign? Could it be that?

Oh, it could be that. It's some sort of, it feels, it's sometimes it felt like a, or it feels like a surfer kind of thing mixed with sort of a lot of the people that I grew up with here in Southern California. Yeah. Oh, interesting.

Yeah. I don't know.

But mixed with an East coast flare. Yeah. I mean, that might be.

Motel Philly back again. Yeah. Yeah. That's what it is.

That's kind of what my vibe is.

A little of that East coast swing. Yeah.

So you, you went to NYU and did you take chemistry? That's the, that's the question I wanted to ask.

I took, uh, uh, uh, oh my God, what the fuck? Cognitive neuroscience.

Cognitive neuro. Were you interested in the field?

Yes. I was interested in doing pre-med and then I switched to film production.

You were just going to do pre-med. I was going to do pre-med.

Actually go into med. Never going to be a doctor. Yeah.

Just kind of dabble in medicine.

Dabblers. That's what people like.

When you call in someone. I'm not passionate about medicine, but I'll help you out. It's kind of just my side gig.

So do you, do you actually know a little bit about stuff?

Like do you get a lot of your friends wanting to diagnose you, diagnose them rather? Um, no, because I have friends that are actually doctors and that did complete the program. Okay. So you just refer them?

Yeah, I refer them. I go, wow, thank you so much for coming to me for your head injury.

I would like to refer you to an actual practicing doctor and not a comedy writer.

So, but are you, uh, uh, you've heard the expression physician heal thyself.

Are you able to see things in your own self that, uh, you're able to diagnose that, uh, you get a jump on people? A lot of people, they don't go to a doctor until like three months into a problem. Are you able to go, OOP, I know what this is.

Yeah. In a, in a huge way, in a huge way, I'm always able to heal myself. Right. So what do you have?

Well, like what diseases have you had?

Okay. God, I I've had, I've had my legs too strong. Too strong. So you're turning this into a job interview thing where you're turning these into positives.

Okay. I'm not going to fly here. I know this trick. Hair too nice. So tell me about college humor.

What do you, I mean, what, what is, I know you have this job and you, uh, when we were filming the movie, you, we were working around, uh, your, your, your job schedule a little bit, but what is it? What do you do? Uh, so I oversee all the sketch writing there for our YouTube channel. So basically they do like, they put out a sketch a day or something. We film four sketches a week and we put out three sketches a week. So what happens to the other one? Garbage. We basically just have like a big back. Like we like do it a lot ahead of time, uh, and try to build up a bag. So this one sucks. Yeah. We go, Hey, we filmed your thing and we want you to look at it. It sucks. I mean, this is a lot like SNL.

You watch like every single week on SNL. Now they're, they're putting out like this one was cut.

Yeah. Yeah. We try to create a huge political hierarchy at College Humor, make people feel bad and small. You sit on the floor, you sit on in the lobby, you call into this meeting. Are you like the Lorne of College Humor? Yeah. In a big way.

Um, hugely the Lorne. Lorne Green. I mean, yeah. Yeah. I meant Bonanza too. What is, yes.

And Battlestar Galactica. Of course. Yeah. Is there like another Lorne? I don't know. I have no idea. Um, so, so you, you guys film these sketches or you, are you on set? Uh, you, wow.

This seems like a full time thing then. It is. It actually, one might call it a full time job.

Wow. Okay. And what do your parents think about this? Yeah.

Right. Uh, they don't care. They don't know anything. I mean, they know that I do something, but they have no, like, okay. Are they still there in Philly? Just like gazing at whatever it is you do with, uh, I don't think they've seen a single College Humor video. My dad watched Ferns. He's yeah. And he was like, good. Did he finish it? He did finish it. And he was like, Hey, there's a scene after the credits.

He texted to make sure they didn't ignore it. Make sure they didn't turn it off going, this is a waste of time. Cause they don't know any celebrities. So they don't know. They're like, they don't know any celebrities. I was like, yeah, it's this guy, Zach Galifianakis. And they were like, Nope. Wow. How are they 20? Yeah, exactly. My parents are actually those kind of hot young parents. Yeah. It's a May, December parent child relationship where they're younger than you.

Wow. It's actually really nice. Oh, that's hot. Yeah. It's super hot. Yeah. They're legal.

Oh, hell yeah. Um, so they, they have no interest in your career. Um, in a way, in a nice way, like they don't, they're not, uh, mad about it, but they also don't really care. They're like, I guess, you know what you're doing? Cause I studied film production and they had no idea what that was. And I became a video editor and they had no idea what that was. You're an editor too. I got to call you if I ever need a one of my videos. I make these fun, fun videos at home.

And they're fun. Oh, they're so fun. But they're so long.

Yeah. They're long. You can cut this out.

They're like 24 hours long. Oh, this is my nest cam actually.

New sponsor, nest cams. Yeah. Um, well, this is incredible.

You have a wonderful career. You, yeah. In Ferns, you play Gaia. The, uh, uh, uh, uh, we gave everyone a name by the way.

Yeah. And I didn't, I didn't check with some people about their names, but I, from what I understand actors, uh, dislike, uh, just having a general, uh, descriptor name on their IMDB because it makes them seem unimportant. Yes.

I, uh, filmed something at work recently and, uh, it was like, we needed someone to do a one-liner as a patron in a bakery.

And, uh, her reps were like, can she get a name? I've had that on comedy bang bang as well. And we always try to give them the stupidest name possible. I said, sure, your name's Antonia Spaghetti. That's what she's got. I can't, uh, there was one actress who I cannot remember what name I gave her, but, uh, I hope she was happy with it. But, uh, but, uh, uh, with you, we, we worked out what you want to be called and we had to change it. Didn't we at some point?

Uh, I don't remember you guys asked for a last name and I know you guys didn't end up needing it. I don't remember if we changed. Yes. We were going to put it as a super, uh, above or, uh, you know how you superimpose names. Oh yeah. A lower third. You're an editor. You get this. Yeah.

There's a thing in the biz called a lower third. That's where you don't know who's talking. And then you see it written underneath her face. But I believe, and that's what Luke who's talking, by the way, the movie was about. It was all just lower thirds. Yes. It was every single character is like, okay, this is Bruce Willis. People didn't realize playing. You have to do that in a movie.

You have to know who the actor is playing. Otherwise it's too confusing. This is John Travolta as, as guy who can't be the daddy anymore because he's breaking up with the, yes, with whoever I forget. No character names, just descriptions of what if that was his IMDB page. It was like, look, who's talking guy who can't be the daddy anymore. Cause he's breaking up with Kersey alley. He probably wouldn't be where he is now. That's true. And where is he now?

Still pretending he shaved his head for whatever role. Yeah, exactly. I actually, yeah. Where is he? I don't know. We'll find out though. Still at the end of the episode. By the way, I cannot get Adele Dazeem out of my head. Like I, I prefer to call her Adele Dazeem now. It is nice. You know what I mean? It's like, it's such, it is the most awesome nickname. I don't know what she thinks about it. I would embrace it if I were her. I would just call myself Adele Dazeem after that.

I mean, it's so good. That's how you, she's a meme, you know? Yeah, exactly. Yeah. So, but in Ferns, we called you Gaia. You are the documentarian who follows Zach around.

And was it, was that a fun time doing, it was a feature, we called it a feature film.

Yeah, I would say it was feature film. Yeah, feature length.

Yeah. Feature flavored. Yeah.

It was five reels. Certainly. Exactly. Where were you on the call sheet? I don't recall.

You were like five, weren't you? I think I was five. Yeah.

Damn. Fuck. Cool. Am I allowed to say fuck? Yeah, say fuck. Right. Fuck. Cool. Yeah. It's fun, isn't it? It's really, that's a great combination of time. It really is a good, was that your first time really? Ever. I'm sorry to your parents if they're listening. They aren't. Yeah. Yeah.

Was it, was it a fun experience?

It was so fun. Did you have a good time? Tell me I did a good job, please. You did a great job, Scott. Thank you. Yeah, it was very fun. I just wanted to have you on the show to public, so you could publicly tell me I did a good job. Yes. And it's definitely doesn't look like I'm being pressured. I had a great time. Okay. No, it was very fun. Good. All right. Well, take the laser sniper sight off of you. Okay, perfect. With those bullets dipped in pig's blood.

Yeah, God, Jesus. I'm a vegetarian, so getting shot would be extra bad. Exactly. That's why they do it. Because everyone's a vegetarian. I know. Well, wonderful. Welcome to the show. It's so good to have you on your first episode of this podcast. Rekha Shankar is here and people can see astronomy club. Do you want to talk about that? Just real briefly? I didn't even notice. Yeah.

And the little shirt. I don't look down below the chin if you know what I mean. And I actually do.

Sounds pretty literal. What's that? I don't know. Can't read it. Can't tell. Can't read it. Don't know what your shirt is. Yep. Yeah. Astronomy Club is a sketch coming out on Netflix. It's a very cool all black cast and writers room, except for me. So you're the minority. Hi. Yes. So I was just a contributing writer, but it's a bunch of buddies of mine from New York who got this cool Netflix sketch show that's coming out on December 6. So yeah. So it is. Oh, it's out already. Yeah. So yeah, people should. Oh yeah, it'll be out. Yeah, it will be. It is out. And you've probably already seen it. So everyone knows what we're talking about. Yeah.

Well, yeah, wonderful. Can you say which sketch or sketches you wrote? I wrote one about how it's hard to find how you're never wearing the right bra size as a woman. Okay. You go in and you go, is this the right process? And they go, you stupid dumb ass. No, it's not. No, it's not.

The straps are too short and the cups are too big and yes, it's bad. It's going to be bad for you.

I didn't know. I don't relate to this, but I'm laughing. Yeah. Oh, good. And that's how I asked what if Netflix took comments, which they don't, do they, do they take comments? Yeah. Well, yeah. And by the way, if you're watching the Ferns movie, just leave some comments on the film. Like if you click on them, they just suddenly come up. Oh, perfect. Yes. Like it's a SoundCloud thing or something. This is dumb. Remix, please. Yeah.

Uh, yeah. So, um, if you, if you, if you leave in the comments of Netflix, which there is for sure, you know, give us your, give us your little, like, I didn't laugh, but I find it relatable.

Okay. So you prefer the opposite of me. You want them to find it relatable, but not laugh. Yeah.

Silent stone face. Just kind of like a polite smile. Okay.

Yeah. Sort of like you're watching the Irishman. That's the experience of the astronomy club.

It's like watching the Irishman.

You'll laugh as much as the Irishman. Yeah. Yeah. Thank you.

And please, I hope if anyone from a charm club's listening, I hope you take that. Take, take that seriously. Yeah. With the, uh, intention that, uh, it deserves. Well, we need to get to our next guest. Is that okay? Can you stick around here? You didn't come here just for attending an interview and, uh, and now you have to leave, right? By the way, right. It's doing a lot of business that is not translating into the she's like picked up her phone. She got an expression of concern, looked at the time.

Yeah. Um, I'll hang around. This is you're a good actor.

Wow. Incredible. Thanks. Even though it doesn't matter. You're a good actor. Thank you so much. Um, all right. We need to get to our next guest. I talked about it, uh, before the, um, before the interview with you. Yeah. Yeah.

And were you intrigued at all by, uh, this person's job title, uh, astronaut? Absolutely.

I got to know what's out there. What is out there? What is, you know, is there life? Is there not life? Are there stars? Are there, are there stars? Can someone please for the life of me, confirm this? I don't know. I'm so sick of wondering. I don't know. I think it's a bunch of planes up there in the sky. Some days. I think it's planes. Yeah. I think it might be planes.

We'll find this out. Uh, let's welcome to her, her, her, her, her to the show. Uh, she, uh, is an astronaut. I talked about that and, uh, please welcome Sarah Lassnim.

Hello. I'm a human being. You are a human being.

Great. I'm up in space and I'm just having a great time up here. You're up in space. You're coming to us via satellite. Yeah. Yeah. Thanks for answering. Hence the delay. Uh, when I first introduced you of approximately two seconds or so. Yeah.

Thanks for explaining that. Uh, but yeah, I'm a human being. You're a human being. We're seeing you. We're we, we have a satellite hookup here and we're seeing your, your, your actual, your face. I, I call him a face. I will not look down below though. Are you wearing an astronaut suit? No. Just the helmet. Just the helmet. This is sexy. This is by the way, a good Halloween costume. Sexy astronaut. Just the helmet.

Male, female, male, female, human. Yeah. Your lower third says human. Yeah. I love putting these lower thirds on. I knew you as an editor. I'm going to transition this off real quick with a cross face. Oh, nice. Um, uh, yeah, I just, uh, I love to pick crazy things in my top hole and your top hole. Yeah. My top hole. I love to put crazy like, so like milk astronauts have a top hole where your food comes in.

No, not top hole. Your mouth. Oh, your mouth. Oh yeah. My mouth.

No, I know what it is. It's my mouth. Yeah. Where are you from? Where are you from? Are you from?

You're not from space? Human land. I'm from human land.

Like all of you. Okay. Is that like a Springfield thing? Like every state has like a human land?

Yeah. Okay. Perfect. This is not suspicious to me. And so I put and I, and the turns into a snake. I am a, and it goes down my digestive tract and then, and it comes out my bottom hole.

Something happened to your dialects when you, when you said that very specific scientific term, digestive tract. I don't know.

I'm a, I'm a human and I'm, I'm a space. I'm a scientist.

You know, that is interesting. I've never really thought about it. When you eat or drink anything, it turns into the form of a snake.

Yeah. Your intestines. It's just, it's kind of crazy. It all becomes just one big, one big snake. Yeah. One big tube snake. Yeah. That's my experience.

And I'm just wondering like, what, I'm just wondering, what are your coordinates? What are our coordinates?

Yeah. What's like, do you mean Los Angeles or, we're over by Netflix. Does that help you?

Netflix. Netflix. Not Aflac. Not Aflac. No. Not Aflac Duck though. That's funny stuff.

Where is he? Where is he? I know that Gilbert got fired off of it. And so now it's not as popular.

Well, he's probably somewhere after like he shaved his head.

Yeah. That's a little call back to John Travolta. Very human. I'm so human. I keep track of conversations and I go back to them and it's fun. Wait, do you mean our coordinates? Do you mean our coordinates or do you?

It's coordinates of earth or you know, wherever. Wherever.

Where are you?

I would think that you would have that programmed into your system. I mean, are you with NASA?

I'm with NASCAR and I love it. It's so fun. They pay. They pay me in cash. NASA pays in cash.

I've never really thought about a salary, like getting a check from NASA. If you're in space, where does it go? In the memo, it says astronaut business.

Yeah. And are they sending it to your house and you're just accumulating? Yeah. Do you get paid in stars?

They put it in my bank account. And I go to the bank and I give them my face on a plate. I give them my face plate and they make sure it's me. This sounds on the up and up. I mean, call me gullible. This sounds exactly on the up and up. This is what I do at my bank.

That sounds like a typical human errand to me. Yeah. And then they give me and I'll say, I work at NASA and they give me the cash, money, dollars, euros, yen.

Great. That's how it works at a bank. Yeah. Certainly.

Check it out anyway. So you need the coordinates of Earth.

Maybe that slipped NASA's mind putting it in the computers there.

You know what? I think I did. Because I can't find my way back. As much as I'm trying, I can't find my way back home. Rekha, you- I would just love to get there.

You work for College Humor. You must know the coordinates of Earth.

Oh my God. Coordinates of Earth. I'm guessing like a five, 10.

Five, 10. Five, 10. Five and 10.

Five, 10. Five and 10.

Five, 10. 36, 32, 39.

Yeah. So I'm guessing, it's probably around what's got you set.

I'll just roll this down. I just looked it up.

30, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, no. This is how to find places on Earth. I don't know. I have no idea to how to help you. Also, I was just wondering, um, hey, what kind of military weaknesses do y'all have? Well, it's a pretty casual icebreaker. Yeah. I don't know. I mean, you know, just from the outside looking in, I'm certainly not, uh, uh, I, I've, I did not serve. Uh, and I'm, I'm, I certainly don't want to have any stolen valor here. But, uh, uh, I would say that, uh, the, the budgets, uh, you know, tend to go down and down and down. I would say, I would say, uh, salaries of the service people. That's a weakness. I would say sometimes we leave our troops in places too long. I would say their legs are too strong. See, and that's a doctor's opinion too long.

Weakness is their legs are too strong. They're too strong.

They're, they're too well-trained.

I would say almost they can't improvise. They just do their job really, really well. But like, like a new type of war pops up. I don't know if they'd be able to get enough sleep because they're constantly on guard. Yeah. Processing processing.

That's fun. Well, that's so fun.

Thanks for telling me about that. Pleasure. Uh, how long have you been out there? Oh, 60 years. 60 years. I mean, six months. Oh, okay. You must be talking about, uh, the years. I'm talking about space. Yeah. You just call those years. Cause you're in space.

Like mercury years. Right? Yeah. Like how long are mercury years? How long does it take to go around the sun? You're from college humor. College humor. I would say five to 10.

I'm going to look it up. How you know, I haven't used this Siri yet.

Siri. Yeah. Yes. Why did you say yes? Oh, cause your name's Sarah. Oh, okay. Cool.

How long does it take mercury to travel around the sun?

Oh, just here's what she found the orbit of the orbit of mercury 87,969 days. Oh, it's longer than earth. I know it. I know it. You know, I get in there. I have to check.

I could have told you like mercury is must be slow as shit.

Okay. So then what what's quicker?

What's quicker than earth. Yeah. Here. Let me just ask. Is there anything quicker than earth?

Sarah. Sarah. What has the quickest orbit around the sun?

What planet?

A potato. What planet has the quickest orbit around the sun?

It's just giving me definitions of planets.

She's useless. Yeah. You're much better. What did you say?

A rabbit? A rabbit. First it was a rabbit and it was potato. Imagine if you threw a potato, say the gravity was not so strong down here like it is on the moon for you've been to the moon. Oh yeah. Every day. Every day.

Where are you based? Oh, at best. Best. Yeah. Where are you based? Turkey? No. Oh no. I mean, I know Thanksgiving just happened. It's a holiday. I know about. Yeah. A holiday. Like where's your, where's your spaceship? Where's your space? Are you, where are you orbiting? Quadrant X T.

Quadrant X T. Oh, I don't know that one. It's like crazy out here. You can't find it.

Yeah. On the map. Okay. So we, we, are there stars? Did we ever talk about that? Oh yeah.

There's stars everywhere. There are stars. Oh yeah. We have to get confirmation on that kind of thing. Oh yeah. You look at it. Wow. This is a star. Wow.

Yeah. Yeah. That's how it is out here.

I love to go stargazing. It's a human activity. I love to do with my loved one. That must just be all the time for you. Yeah. It's all you can do. You have a loved one out there with you? Yeah.

Who's your loved one? Sexual intercourse. Is that their name? Uh huh. And I do it. Pleasure.

Pleasure. And how do you do it? I'm just wondering because I could use some tips.

Well, Oh yeah. I know all about it. You got to situate your bottom hole. Well now which one?

Do you have more than one? You only have one? I guess I only have one too. I mean, there's a few things going on. So look, I'm not going to cast aspersions on you, like for only having one bottom hole. No, I will. No, cause I'm a woman. I have two.

So you situate your bottom hole on what now? Oh, you situate your bottom hole on whatever you like and then it's, and then you go up, you go down, you move side to side friction. And then it's there. This sounds like what I usually do. The friction part. Okay. That's what it's missing.

The in and the out. Yeah. It's missing the in and out. I was saying stationary.

Yeah. I was just like getting it in and just laying there.

Do you like sit and rock or you go side to side? I can rock.

I'll tell my husband.

You can rock. That's like a good song by the way. Yeah. You can just sit and rock.

Side to side. That's right. And you know what? What's so crazy is when you live in a house and a house. Do you own a house? Do I have a house? Do you own a house? I don't own a house yet.

Well, you have a house and sure. And houses are made of rock eggs and wood penises.

Yeah. And you stack the wood penises. Oh, logs.

Yeah. Lumber. Yeah. Rock egg. It's a small, smaller rock.

That's right. And you build that and you live there with your husband. Is that right?

Yeah. I mean, that's the dream. It could be whatever for you, Regan. I have no, I mean, you know. Hey, that's the dream, right? I don't know why you're saying husband when it's your partner. I think it's a little more. It is true.

You know, on earth. I mean, maybe you've just been gone for six months. So you don't know. Yeah. This happened in the last six months. Yeah. In the last six months, we definitely try to be a little considerate.

The PC police suddenly got very active. The PC police. And humor is very tough right now.

Yeah. It's so tough if you want to like insult races and orientations now.

Yeah. I'm not all about that. Who's your favorite comedian?

Maybe we might have some news for you in the last six months.

Yeah. Uh oh. I love comedy.

You do. What's your favorite? Do you have a joke that you like?

Scanning. Ever heard of when you go to. It was a promising start.

Wow. Ever heard of when you go.

I relate. I'm smiling. I'm relating.

I've heard of things and I've gone to other places. They don't intersect a lot.

Ever heard of when you go to a bar and there are too many people and you gotta find a new place?

It's called New York City. That's the punch.

That's where New York University is.

What are the coordinates of New York University?

Oh, OK. Well, let's ask Sarah. Sarah. Sarah.

Oh, yeah. What are the coordinates of New York City?

Here's some information.

Siri doesn't tell you anything anymore. She's like, here's what I found. Here's some information.

Talk to me, bitch.

You gotta burn all your computers. Yeah.

You all you humans, me included, we should burn our computers.

Just burn them? Burn all computers.

I mean, I think that's not a bad idea in terms of at least like getting rid of some of your social media sites like Facebook or Twitter or something like that. I worry if we burned all computers, maybe our mobile rocket delivery systems might be decommissioned at that point.

Oh, that would be so crazy.

Yeah, that would be a bad idea.

I wouldn't feel safe if we got rid of like every piece of technology.

No.

It's like getting rid of your Nest Cam.

You know, you certainly wouldn't want to do that.

Never do that.

Great sponsor. Great sponsor.

Nest Cam baby.

Baby.

Yeah, baby.

I'm trying to.

Is that a smaller one?

Oh, Nest Cam baby.

Okay. That's for that's for your tiny doors. That's for your doggy doors.

Really small dog door or snake door or something.

Yeah, snake door. Oh, hey, that's talking about your top hole.

Oh, I know.

Your snake door.

And your bottom hole.

Your snake door and your snake back door.

Boy, so it goes in like a snake and it comes out like a snake.

Yeah.

The story of food.

Yeah. Wow, that's gorgeous.

Wow.

That's yeah. I'm not I'm not playing in and you guys don't know because they're all humans.

Well, according to Siri, there's eight million people in New York.

So that's a lot of people.

That's a lot.

Yeah, that's perfect.

Certainly, if they could all band together and work as one, it would certainly be an incongruable group of people, don't you think?

Let's get some people to move away.

You think?

Their dreams aren't working out for them, probably.

Yeah, maybe it's good to be realistic.

Move away.

Maybe they want to audition a little more than just for Law and Order.

It's true.

They should go to Florida.

Huh?

Well, nobody loves Florida.

I mean, I know one person who's moving out of New York and going to Florida not to get political.

I totally know what that is.

I know exactly what that is.

You'll have to say.

Well, Sarah, do you know what a commercial is?

Well, we need to take one.

I certainly hope it's for Nest Cam.

I haven't been wasting all these plugs.

We need to take a break.

When we come back, we have that unemployed person that I was hyping.

That's exciting.

Almost the opposite of you.

Another human.

Another human being.

Yes.

Another human.

Well, your tongue kind of.

Oh, my.

All right.

Look, we are going to come right back with more comedy bang bang after this.

Comedy bang bang.

We're back here.

Rekha Shankar.

Astronomy Club is on Netflix right now.

The Between Two Ferns movie certainly is also on Netflix.

Doing all that stuff for Netflix.

Yeah.

Isn't it wonderful that a giant, you know, multibillion dollar corporation is just buying all of the entertainment?

I think it's awesome.

Isn't it great?

I think it's so good.

Aren't they good over there?

Aren't they great?

They're nice mommies and daddies over there.

Oh, my God.

Netflix daddy.

I love you, my Netflix daddy.

Streaming service.

Oh, absolutely.

That's what that is.

Speaking of streaming, in Bottom Holes, Sarah Lassnim is here.

Lassnim is last name.

Bottom hole in the house.

OK.

I'm not sure that we say in the house anymore in the last six months.

We say bottom hole.

Bottom hole is in, but I don't know, in the house kind of.

Bottom hole in the home?

We moved on to OK Boomer.

And then certainly in the last two weeks and maybe for another two days or something.

Yeah.

Isn't it weird that like two weeks ago, OK Boomer was like such a good insult and now you read it and go, oh, that person's so...

It's very exhausting.

That person's a boomer now.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

There needs to be an OK Boomer for people who say OK Boomer.

Yeah, that's true.

You know what I mean?

Yeah. OK Boomer baby.

OK baby boomer.

Baby boomer.

Well, we need to get to our next guest.

He is an unemployed person.

He certainly does not have a job.

That's the only information I have about him.

But please welcome to the show, Chris Creen.

Hey, guys.

Hey.

Scott, thanks so much for having me here.

My pleasure.

It's really cool because I've truly had nothing on the books for like a really long time.

So, it's awesome to meet you.

Glad to fill up at least an hour of your day.

Yeah.

So I just drove in from Rancho Cucamonga, I think.

I think I told you that I was living with my aunt for 11 years.

Oh, I don't remember that.

But you were living with your aunt for 11 years?

Yeah, it was going to be like a kind of temporary thing.

And then I just kind of got comfortable.

So, the years passed and she got a boyfriend and I am out of Rancho Cucamonga.

Oh, no.

So you have to move now.

Yeah.

She got a boyfriend.

Who's this boyfriend?

Her boyfriend is actually someone she met in recovery.

She's in recovery and he's in recovery?

She was and then she relapsed and then he's her old sponsor.

Oh, okay.

So he did a poor job as a sponsor, but is doing a good job at the responsibilities of a boyfriend.

Yeah.

The deep digger.

Yeah, I do.

Yeah, let's just say her bottom hole is getting serviced.

No, I'm sorry.

I shouldn't go there.

It's also getting a snake kind of in the other direction.

Yeah, the backwards snake.

Yeah.

It's almost like these two snakes are going to Lady and the Tramp it.

That's actually a beautiful image.

A little wiener and a poop.

When you have sex, a wiener is sort of kissing whatever food that you ate recently.

That's beautiful.

That's what it is for me.

I love it.

So I'm sorry that you have to move out.

That's not a good situation for you.

Where do you think you're going to go?

Well, you know what?

I actually linked up with a bunch of cool kids who I worked on a web series with.

You know all about shooting and stuff.

Yeah.

But you know all about shooting and editing.

Yeah.

And it was just a really cool web series about a group of LGBTQT folks who are friends.

And it's a period piece.

Do you say Q before the T now?

Is that a new thing in the last six months?

I actually am.

Used to be LGBTQ.

Is it now it's L-G-B Q-T-I?

Q-T-I?

Yeah, I wrote it down some.

Yeah, you could call them cuties.

Little cutie.

L-G-B cuties.

Yeah.

Yeah, I like that.

L-G-B cuties.

They were, well, they weren't cuties on set because there was a lot of drama.

Oh, okay.

Honestly, I actually, I left set so many times just cursing at the universe really.

You left at the end.

Cursing, cursing.

Fuck.

Oh.

Shut up.

Wow, is that your first fuck too?

No, I say it every day.

You do when you see those stars every day?

Yeah, I'm like, I'm a fuck.

With a lot of stars.

These are beautiful.

Fuck.

You, what were you doing on the web series?

I actually was volunteering, just kind of getting shadowing a PA just to kind of.

You're shadowing a PA?

Yeah.

Oh my.

That's pretty low down on the totem pole.

Yeah, that's what people kept telling me and kind of saying that I would.

Did they ever ask you why didn't you just become a PA?

Well, they said that they wanted to be kind of selective.

And there's a lot of, they had a lot of people to choose from because they're shooting the web series in Studio City, which is, as you guys know.

Where the studios are.

Yeah.

And so, but I learned a lot and I actually ended up getting a line.

Oh, you saw me.

They had you act.

Did you expect to act on this?

I did not.

But one of the actors dropped out at the last minute and I actually didn't have a name.

So it was Gay Man at the Sauna Who's Sweating.

Wow.

That was my name.

Gay Man at the Sauna Who's Sweating.

Was there a gay man that wasn't sweating?

I feel like it's like pretty implied to me that.

Maybe there were four gay men at the sauna.

One was dry.

One was sweating and one was really sick.

Ooh, the four, the humors.

But the one who was sweating wasn't sick.

Yeah, it was just super hot.

It was just super hot.

And what was your line?

Do you remember?

Turn down the heat.

I'm down over here.

Why do they feel like they had to describe you as gay?

Because nothing in your line seemed to, like, I would understand if it was like, hi, can I suck your penis?

The snake that goes in the bottle.

I'll suck.

I'll die.

And can you turn down the heat?

I'm sweating.

It's a good point.

But what you need to know is I was naked sitting in a man's lap.

So if you watched it, you could fully draw the connection.

It's visual.

Yeah.

This is a web series?

It was a web series and it was a period piece.

What period?

Yeah.

2001.

Oh.

Spice oughta say.

Is it kosher to ask pre or post 9-11?

Oh, yeah.

This is.

I thought you meant coitus.

No, not in the lap.

Being in the man's lap.

That was actually a story point.

So I would say it was during.

Why wasn't that in your name?

During?

It was on September 11.

So wait, was it like 9.13 AM?

It started in the summer.

It takes place.

Oh, over a few months.

I feel like I'm giving you guys the hard pitch of this show.

Oh, that's OK.

We like to hear about it.

All right.

It's a bunch of friends.

They're all queer and questioning and a few transgendered people.

If everyone is queer, why did they feel the need to put that in your name?

Couldn't they just, you know what I mean?

Isn't that just implied that everyone is?

That's a good point, Scott.

There is a gang of straights that attack us.

Oh, OK.

In episode 11.

Oh, oh, oh, episode 11.

Yeah.

There's 122 episodes.

Oh, wow.

Oh, my God.

That's a lot of episodes.

How long are these?

They vary.

They're everywhere.

Yeah, as a web series, it can be anything.

Yeah.

Some of them are one hour and some of them are one second.

One hour?

One second?

Yeah, just kind of flash.

You just see a flash.

No, that's too much editing.

From the biz, that's too much editing.

Yeah.

And so it's a group of gay friends.

Or are they friends?

You didn't say.

Well, they're friends.

They get to know each other.

And it's all the trials and tribulations and the show.

Basically, the series turns on its head when two of the friends fall for each other.

Oh, that can happen.

And then 9-11 happens and they deal with the fallout.

So 9-11 happens during the sauna.

Yeah.

And everyone's running around saying.

Everyone's running around in the sauna?

That's not safe.

Yeah.

You slip.

It's true.

Yeah, how do people cope with a disaster like that?

It's hard.

Yeah, what do you do?

I'd like to you get weapons or do you get?

I think so.

Yeah.

I mean, I remember a lot of us.

Yeah, we're gathering up weapons.

Weapons like knives.

Stockpiling.

Knives.

Oh, no, we have more powerful weapons than knives.

Oh, yeah.

Like what?

Interballistic missiles.

Yeah.

And there's a lot of healing that happens.

People come together and you kind of just connect.

What episode is this that 9-11 happens out of the 122?

It happens at 109.

109.

Okay.

So you set up the characters.

So you quickly decide the series is over after 9-11.

Like there's nothing more we can do here.

If you guys get a chance, I think you'd really love the series.

But the whole experience got me to meet this group.

We really bonded.

And then they had a bed in one of their living rooms and they invited me to stay.

And so I'm kind of, I'm unemployed, but I'm actually going in this journey.

And I feel kind of vulnerable saying this, but I'm stepping out of my own for the first time.

That's wonderful.

And it's totally normal for a bed to be in a living room.

Yeah?

I don't know.

I mean, maybe in space, certainly.

Yeah, space.

Or maybe in New York City as well.

Yeah, New York.

Sometimes a big studio apartment.

Places that aren't space or New York City, usually a bed is in what we call a bedroom, which is a room for beds.

Yeah.

All the bedrooms are kind of packed full.

Oh, really?

How many people are staying in this place?

There's eight of us.

It's a two-bedroom apartment.

So we do four, three, and then I'm in the living room.

Oh, okay.

Yeah.

So it's a why only three?

Is it the smaller bedroom or is that the master?

One of the people in that bedroom is kind of a diva.

I mean, this is a new living situation for you.

I don't know whether you want to be publicly talking about your roommate here on a podcast, but please go on.

She's actually a huge fan of the show.

Oh, so she's listening.

I kind of want her to hear this because I don't feel comfortable saying it to her face, but I'll say it to the microphone.

Okay, well go ahead.

Yeah, say whatever you want to say to her.

You really come for me sometimes, and it makes me feel really worthless.

I wish you would just see that I'm doing my best, and I also am a human, and I make mistakes.

And the scratch on your outie was me.

Sorry.

On her belly button?

You know, any and yeah, any and any.

Why don't they call it outie space by the way?

Yeah.

Earth is an any.

Like every planet has its own any spice and anything outside of that is out of spice.

Okay.

Just scratch her eye.

I'm just, just to clarify, I didn't actually scratch her belly button.

She drives a car, which is called an outie.

It's a German auto engineer.

Processing.

You know the Germans, right?

They were a powerful military led by a gentleman, by the one testicle gentleman, by the name of Adolf Hitler.

Probably one of the scariest people in human existence.

So bad he ruined a mustache style for generations.

Yeah.

No one wants to look like him ever.

And yet the US military mightily defeated him with the help of our allies, certainly.

Well, of course.

So let that be a lesson to anyone else trying to.

Yeah.

So everybody gets together.

Is that how it is?

That's how it is.

Everybody gets together.

That certainly is what NATO is all about.

NATO!

National North American Treaty.

New York universe.

It sounds like you're just making sounds.

I'm not human.

Grunt, moan.

Every once in a while we get the satellite.

We're getting a bad satellite connection or something.

That's what it is.

Yeah.

I'm actually kind of distracted with them seeing your naked body on the screen.

Oh yeah, it's human.

Do you mind tilting the camera up a little bit?

No, I prefer to keep it here because.

That's right on the bottom hole.

I know.

I thought I could talk all that just lazily.

Oh, you can.

Interesting.

Oh, wow.

Quite a skill.

Very adventurous.

Yeah.

So where do you want to be hired?

Do you want to end up in video production?

That's a great question.

Or it also sounds like you were maybe involved in softcore or at the very least porn.

Yeah, I was actually getting kind of concerned about that.

Yeah.

Because some of the scenes were like, you know, very graphic.

Yeah.

But just like HBO, you know what I'm saying?

Like sometimes you got to piss boundaries.

What websites can one access this web series on?

It's an encrypted link.

Oh.

But I don't know.

You guys, I wanted to ask you.

Why is it encrypted?

How old are you?

I'm 18.

You're over 18.

Certainly.

I am.

Okay, great.

All right.

How about a fun game?

Everybody guess my age.

I love games.

Huh?

Uh, all right.

Is it Price is Right rules where if we guess over, then we're disqualified?

Or is it whoever the closest above or beyond?

Okay.

122.

Whoa.

I was gonna say 22.

So about maybe 100 off.

64?

Um, I am actually, and this is gonna surprise people.

I am in my early fifties.

What?

I was like, oh, that's a gotcha.

How old are you?

I'm 34.

You're okay.

That's not a whole ton better for a person of.

Well, now I'm feeling self conscious over here.

Oh, that's okay.

No, I don't mean to imply that your time of life is elapsing before you've done anything of note.

Scott, can I ask you a question?

Yeah, please.

Do you feel like I'm doing this whole thing wrong?

Uh, which thing?

This life?

Living with my aunt for such a long time.

I don't.

I don't have a job and I don't even know where to start.

Well, I mean, how do I get one?

What do I do?

Have you interviewed?

Have you filled out applications?

I've gone to different restaurants.

Yeah, that's a start.

Yeah.

And you've applied there.

You're just not.

You're eating there.

Well, I definitely talked about how strong your legs are.

True.

You can bring it up as if it's gonna be a weakness, but then it's a strength.

Yeah.

Well, that makes sense.

You know, I went to Applebee's and I did interview and then they make you do a whole test.

Yeah.

Personality.

Personality test?

Like that's a neighborhood grill.

Like a Rorschach test?

It's I don't know.

Yes, it is a neighborhood grill.

Yes, Applebee's.

Why did I need to know your personality?

I've got one.

Sarah certainly has a personality and one that we love.

Well, Sarah, how did you get the job at NASA?

Oh, God, I had to.

I said, I said so many things.

I had to say a lot.

And then I had to read all kinds of things.

Reading.

And I worked and then I tried to do it and I did it.

And so they said, yes.

So take Sarah's advice.

I mean, sometimes it gets complicated.

It gets a compliment?

No, it gets complicated.

Thank you.

You're welcome.

Sometimes it gets compliments.

I wish I had your life.

Who are you talking to now?

I know it's your lucky record, but I assume you're talking about me.

Yeah.

I mean, Scott, you have to admit.

Head writer in movies has I get that she got her whole world and you're certainly not in your early 30s either.

No, I'm actually 122.

But it's so cool.

I mean, you must just look at your life and say, damn, this is all working out for me.

Wow, that's so kind.

You know, maybe I take it for granted the opportunities I have.

You're right.

Yeah.

You're ungrateful.

You're tapping into your own gratitude.

I've got ungratitude.

I guess.

Yeah, that's the way I'm putting it.

I should be more grateful.

I mean, is this the field that you're interested in getting into?

I mean, maybe Rekha, you could.

You could shadow a PA or something at College Humor.

Oh, well, I already have a lot of experience.

Apple box.

Neighborhood grill.

Applebee's.

Personality test.

Yeah, Apple box is like a box.

Oh, this is a technical term.

Yeah.

Yeah, that's true.

I know about Apple box.

That's great.

Is that a weapon or is that just fun?

I mean, it is pretty heavy.

If someone threw one at you.

In the web series, we would have a little Easter egg.

Like in every scene, there was an exposed Apple box.

And that's not a mistake.

Sometimes it was.

It seems like a film flub.

After the first 91 times, we decided to incorporate it.

Oh.

Why do you have so many Apple boxes on the set?

Is Sam Levine starring in this?

Hey, I get it.

You get it.

Sam, we love you.

I get it.

Do you want to hear another joke?

Sure.

Why is that hat?

Why is that?

Oh, why is that?

From that scream parody movie?

Yeah, the scream parody movies.

What the heck?

Scary movie.

Yeah.

I'm human.

Yeah, I'm very suspicious about you, Rekha.

You don't know what the screen movies are called?

Yeah, there were 50 of them.

I don't remember.

At least four.

I thought this is so nice.

We're all connected and you've been vulnerable.

You really have, Chris.

You look technically, your whole the rest of your life is ahead of you.

Yeah.

And that's every moment of the day.

Yeah.

I keep trying to remind myself it's one day at a time.

So one day at a time.

And I can do like you work on one day at a time, by the way.

Oh, no, I wish.

I'm sorry.

I noticed Sarah is rubbing herself and I'm wondering, can we turn the monitor around?

Yeah.

I'm just finding it.

Finding what?

I'm finding it.

I'm just saying that you gotta check, make sure you know how it is.

Yeah, that's true.

I'm just rubbing.

I'm not getting any pleasure.

Oh my God, not my pleasure.

You're, you're, oh my God.

The rubbing is intensified.

Oh, whoa, whoa, whoa.

What are those secretions?

Oh, well, I'm sorry.

I had to use the bathroom.

Oh, okay.

That's it.

Yeah.

Okay.

I just had an accident.

Oh, I see.

That can happen in space.

Yeah.

Especially outie space.

I just tried to find it and then I had an accident.

Instead of floating everywhere, that was kind of disturbing to watch.

Well, Chris, I mean, Rekha could, could possibly give you a job.

He knows what an apple box is.

That's pretty great.

He, uh, you know.

He could shadow an apple box maybe.

Did, did, did you, and, and he's had one line in something.

Maybe he could act, maybe he could be on the crew.

Uh, you know.

If I was going to be in one of your college humor movies, what would my character's name be?

Oh boy.

Yeah.

Okay.

Well, um, I guess if you were just kind of a side character, I honestly might give you like a throwaway name, like, like a good technique to coming up with a throwaway name is just regular first name and an object is the last name.

So like Michael trashcan.

I actually love that.

Yeah.

I honestly think that's great.

I mean, it's certainly better than man who barely takes the dick out of his mouth in order to utter his line or whatever, whatever, whatever your, your character's name was in that last thing.

It was such a bummer cause, um, I said, I, I, I, I did an email blast to my family and I said, Hey, check out this.

Oh no.

Um, uh, check out my IMDB page.

This is communication.

Yeah.

Email blast.

Yeah.

And family.

Yeah.

What constitutes an email blast?

Did you send a bunch of emails?

It was a blast because I wasn't totally sure everybody on the list.

Oh, okay.

And I didn't give a crap if they responded.

Oh wow.

You ever do a blast and you're like, I don't care.

Did anyone respond?

Um, uh, you know, I did receive a call.

From whom?

Um, from my aunt who I was living with.

Okay.

And she said, please remove me from that.

Oh, okay.

Because she had a really bad relationship with my mom and that is a story from a different podcast.

I mean, I wish you could tell it right now.

I'll give you the teaser.

Please don't go on WTF and scoo where they can scoop me with this incredible story.

With Marc Maron?

Yeah.

I'm familiar with him.

On the comedian.

Okay.

Yeah.

So you like Marc Maron?

We have good news.

He's still around.

I do.

Yeah.

He was in the, was in the joker movie.

You've missed the joker movie.

Oh no, I'm not.

I saw it.

Oh, you saw it?

What'd you think?

That was so big.

Like the screener, like metaphorically made an impact.

Yeah.

You're right.

Totally.

It's kind of a cool algorithm for, um, mental health or allegory.

Yeah.

Great algorithm.

They embed that algorithm into every scene.

Oh, you were going to give me a teaser about this story?

Yeah, but now it feels like it's not even good.

But, um, compared to the joker movie.

Yeah, sure.

But you know, I'm sure that it, there was, um, my aunt and my mom had a really terrible falling out and it involved a knife.

A fight.

One of those weapons that we have here on earth.

And it all happened in a whole foods.

Oh, a knife.

Yeah.

A fight.

A whole foods.

This is like playing Clue.

Yeah.

Or Cluedo where I'm from.

Well, interesting.

So, so that's a teaser for it.

Yeah.

So if you ever have me back and how about this?

Let's make a plan.

We'll come back someday and everyone will.

What?

Yeah.

You don't want to.

No, I will.

I think we should make a blood oath.

I was just going to say, it sounds like you're trying to make a blood oath.

What color is your blood by the way?

It's the same as all of yours.

Of course.

Which is on the count of three.

One, two, three.

And I'm like, I didn't do it.

The satellite is stuck.

See, I was going to say red.

It almost sounded like you were going to say white.

No, I was going to say water.

And I almost said like, oh yeah, water.

Yeah, it's a wrap.

But blood is water.

We have a little, a fun little song that we remember this by on earth where it's like, the blood is red.

The semen is white.

The pee is yellow.

That makes it all right.

I love that song.

That's a great song that we sing all the time.

You do sing all the time.

That's good to know.

Yeah.

It helps us remember, I talked to another human.

I can start, I can open with that.

I can say, instead of saying standard greeting, I could say like the blood is white.

The semen is white.

Your pee is yellow.

Yeah.

And that's all right.

Definitely very human.

I have another, I went to an environmental camp.

Oh, cool.

What does that mean?

Well, it's basically just really in nature.

And we did a lot of like activities, like walking, collecting leaves.

And this is camp.

This is a lot like calling you the gay whatever character.

Exactly.

It's environmental, like meaning you're out outside.

Oh, that's a good point.

They totally had me fooled.

This is just camp.

Yeah.

But they actually were pretty conscious about stuff.

And they would have a saying, if it's yellow, let it mellow.

If it's brown, flush it down.

And that's not, okay, cool.

About toilets for water conservation.

Yeah.

If it's yellow, let it mellow.

If it's brown, flush it down.

Y'all heard of that before?

You know, I've been places where they're like, if it's yellow, let it mellow.

If it's brown, also let it mellow.

And I'm just, you know, it just stacks up.

Yeah.

You know, I don't like it.

If it's yellow, let it mellow.

If it's brown, you've got a ground.

And you're supposed to like pick it up and wear it?

You've got a crown?

That's the one I've heard.

Yeah.

You wear it as like a little hat.

I've heard if it's yellow, let it mellow.

If it's brown, it's also good.

Satellite stock?

What's going on?

It's also good.

Okay.

Let's say, have you never heard of that?

No, but I'm from the East coast.

So yeah.

No, me too.

Yeah.

Okay.

So then where was this camp, by the way, this environmental camp?

It was in New Hampshire.

I went there for a brief period because after my aunt and my mom got in that huge fight.

The knife fight at the Whole Foods.

Yeah.

There was like a lot of cameras and stuff around the house.

So it was a great way to get away.

So you, so after their fight, there were a lot of cameras at their house.

I'm sorry.

News reporters and police and helicopters.

Not like Nest Cam.

Not Nest Cam.

No, although certainly if they wanted one of those, they're very affordable.

Yeah.

That'd be cool.

It would be cool to have a Nest Cam, wouldn't it?

Because we could have kind of like remembered everything that happened.

You know what I mean?

So this is a big news story?

Yeah.

In New Hampshire or no, you were aware they were in Rancho Cucamonga.

Yeah.

I see.

So you went to New Hampshire to get away from the cameras.

Kind of just get a break.

And you know, I did a lot of meditating.

Honestly, I did a lot of soul searching and that helped me realize I did want to get a job.

Cool.

Okay.

Well, that's great.

Yeah.

Well, I look forward to you getting one of those jobs.

I'll keep you posted.

Maybe I'll just tweet you like when I get one and say, Hey, you got it.

Yeah.

That's certainly probably not the best way to get ahold of me, but.

What's your name?

What's your number?

Yeah.

What is your number?

I'd love to know it.

It's 3.142687.

I can't remember anymore.

Damn.

I was like writing it down.

Yeah.

3.1.

You don't hear that in phone numbers most.

Yeah.

Scott, would you be comfortable if I included you in my next email blast?

I might have to kind of fall on the side of where your aunt is on this and ask you to remove me from this, but you can certainly try one.

I appreciate your honesty, honestly.

Oh, thank you so much.

That's I mean, you'd make a fine employee.

You really would.

And Rekha, you know, you can shadow that Apple box next week.

Oh, an Apple box shadower.

This is an important job on set.

Feels like I'm just going to be standing there because I don't know the top.

Oh, no, we don't need you on it.

Yeah.

You can flip an Apple box three different directions.

Take this down.

There's L.A., New York, and Chicago.

What?

Those are the three different ways you can flip it.

There's three major, major cities with a strong population.

Yeah.

Certainly wouldn't want to, no outsiders would ever want to attack one.

No, they're too strong.

Very strong.

Yeah.

But yeah, I feel like we could if you want to shadow an Apple box, you could, you know, just learn to flip one of your body one of those ways.

All right.

Be something that a boom up can stand on.

To be honest, it'd be really fun to kind of hang out with the big crew of people who are super talented and love what they do.

So I will talk to you after we record this.

Hey, you have a to email blast?

Um, yeah, sure.

What's your email address?

Okay.

It's so good.

Overlord at quadrant XT.org.

Okay.

Overlord.

Huh?

I can't believe you snagged overlord.

I know.

It's so crazy.

You didn't need to overlord 69 or anything like that.

Wish I could, we all know that joke.

Yeah.

69.

You know, it's when you're both.

It's when the bottom hole and the top hole come together.

Yeah.

I dare.

Yeah.

I need to do it in a sandwich.

All right.

Well, look, we need to take a break.

When we come back, Rekha, you need to take off.

Is that right?

Um, let me just double check.

Okay.

No, we don't need any more of this business.

But when we come back, we have a baker.

That's very exciting.

What?

Cool.

Yeah.

Uh, so we'll be right back with more comedy bang bang after this.

Comedy bang bang.

We are back here.

Rekha had to take off, but, uh, want me to remind you about, uh, astronomy club, which is on Netflix now, certainly able to be watched currently.

Uh, we also have Sarah last name, uh, here, the astronaut.

You can email her at overlord at quadrant, xt.

Yeah.

Dot y'all.

Yeah.

Do it.

Dot org or any of them.

Try.

We also have Chris Kreen who may be working, uh, shadowing an apple box soon.

So that's fun.

That'd be cool.

Hey, y'all.

Yeah.

And his great catchphrase.

Hey, y'all.

Uh, which he's, I think this is the first time you've said it, but, uh, you've really established it.

You've really planted your flag.

It kind of hopped in my head and I just felt really good.

Connected to the listeners.

I really just say it again.

Hey, y'all.

That was a little more high pitched than you normally do.

Yeah.

I kind of got in my head.

That'd be like if, if Dana Carvey was like, not gonna do it, you know, it's like, you need to really do it the same way each time.

Yeah.

That'd be my thing that I work on.

Okay, great.

Yeah.

When you come back.

Yeah.

Wonderful.

Well, uh, we have a, uh, a baker coming to the show now and this is very exciting.

Uh, please welcome Giuseppe Spaghetti.

Hello.

Hi.

Are you all right?

Giuseppe?

Yeah.

I'm sorry.

I, uh, I'm, uh, very tired.

You're very tired.

Yeah.

You're, uh, you sound, uh, uh, by both your accent and your name.

You are, are you from Italy?

Uh, yes.

I'm very much from Italy.

Very much from Italy.

And you're tired.

Why are you so tired today?

Oh, Scott.

I work so hard.

Uh, at baking?

Yes.

I inherit a bakery from my parents and we use only all the Sicilian.

Take a knee.

Okay.

No modern technology, no refuges.

You don't have computers or anything?

I will kill for a computer.

Boy, you know, this is not the kind of thing I usually say about a business, but, uh, if anyone were to attack you, you would have no defenses.

Oh, that's so crazy.

How about what you need to observe?

Wow.

My business is so vulnerable to attackers, both the human and alien.

You're really perking up here.

What are you talking about?

Being attacked.

It'll make me so happy to think.

Do you need to wake up?

Do you need some strong coffee here?

What do you need?

Do you want me to smack you around a little bit?

I needed to be killed.

You know what?

I needed to be killed.

What?

I inherit the business from my family that I no longer wish to run, but I keep living every single day, despite the, my best efforts to die.

I look.

Okay.

Just happy.

This is a, this is a common problem.

A lot of people are forced into running the family business when they're not really interested in it.

I would say most people end up just confronting their parents and saying, Hey, I don't want to do this any longer than quitting.

My parents died 80 years ago.

Well then 80 years ago.

That's a long time.

Just as a human, I just was so impressed that he just slapped you right in the face.

You didn't even.

Let me try it again.

I know I felt the nothing.

My skin is too lazer.

Oh, you've been out in the sun.

I'm hot Italian son for too long.

I pick a nuts by hand and not Italian nuts for all of my pastries.

Oh, not place to is that's normal.

That seems like such a long time to spend on a minuscule part of your job.

Like picking nuts for nut pastries.

Like how many nut pastries do you sell a day?

We sell 20 nut pastry.

I make a by hand.

Well, yeah, maybe I guess maybe the, is that a lot?

Is that primarily the business is nut pastries?

No, I make a cannoli.

I make a zippoly.

I'm just donuts.

Oh, we should order just donut, but it takes so much time.

The yeast must rise.

It feels like you're kind of like your mental health might be at risk.

Can you kill me?

No, he's trying to do the opposite.

But, you know what helped my aunt?

She went to AA and ended up connecting with a man and now she seems really happy.

She's not so where she's.

That's why people go to AA a lot of times is to meet people and start having sex.

I got your bottom hole thumb.

I've never met a person in my life.

You never had a date?

Never had a date in my whole life.

Wait, are we the first people that you're meeting?

Yeah, the only people I meet are customers.

Oh, I would count them.

How did you, um, how did you sneak away from your busy pastry?

I told them I faked my own death.

Oh, you faked your own death?

I faked my own death.

So just leave it there.

No, they find me.

They always find me.

This is the fourth time.

We can find you.

Oh, they found you four times.

They get cameras.

They say you the most important Sicilian baker we have.

We find you.

Bake us a cannoli, you stupid monkey.

Oh, see, this is where a nest camera does not come in handy.

If you fake your own death and then they catch you sneaking out on the nest cam.

Yeah, I never have any piece of technology, let alone something as quality as a nest cam.

Thank you very much for that.

So you're on the run right now.

You're on the land, but they're going to find you eventually.

Doing a podcast certainly won't help.

Oh, it won't help.

I could do anything though.

These people will find me.

I try to drown myself once they find me in the ocean.

And humans can die by putting in water.

They can, but I...

It takes a while though for a lot of them.

Yeah, I mean, some of them immediately.

Like day one.

They say, oh yeah, what's the fast way to go?

Oh, fast way?

Can you shoot me?

Probably the fastest way is like, fire, right?

Burning.

Or is that not true?

Burning?

Oh, I guess I meant like, you know, like the fastest in terms of like length of time you're on the earth would be like crib death.

Oh, crib death.

I get a crib?

You get a crib?

I get a crib?

How do I get crib death?

I think that's not an option for me.

Yeah, you already kind of passed that opportunity, but consider if you're going to do it and I don't recommend it, consider burning.

Consider burning.

Because once you go down that road, you are going down that road.

Yeah, there's not a lot of ways out of it.

You know, you can try to pat yourself and put it out.

But it's really, you're on the road to nowhere the minute you start it.

You pat your head and you rub your tummy at the same time.

It's challenging.

And that'll kill me?

No.

I don't know.

How old are you?

Because your parents died 80 years ago.

I'm the oldest man in the world.

Oh, that's girls!

Yes, I am.

No prices right to lose.

I'm going to say 120.

120 and a half.

Damn you, Scott.

You came for me, dude.

You might be, or he, sorry, might be 119.

It doesn't matter at this point.

19.

I'm 122 and a half.

You win both the showcases if I ever were allowed to watch that program.

Who are these people who track you down who need you to be this baker?

I mean, it seemed like your parental pressure was high, but they died 80 years ago.

So is this some sort of organized crime?

They're pastry hungry public.

It's the public.

So they love your pastry so much.

They're tracking you down and they're finding you and forcing you to go back to work.

Why don't you just print out your recipes?

Print out your recipes.

Yeah.

Into a cookbook.

But they want her because she brings something to it.

It's a he.

Definitely.

It doesn't matter.

I don't want to assume the gender.

Okay.

Thank you.

You might not be here on earth in the last six months, but it doesn't matter.

I have a question.

The pastry hungry plan, like, did I have a lot of weapons?

They have torches.

They come after you with torches.

They scream at me.

They say you stupid monkey get back in there and make us.

Why don't you just say no?

Just say no.

If I say no, they give me vitamins and make me live long.

Whoa.

They want you to live, dude.

This is the thing.

You'd be living longer, but you wouldn't be in that job.

So you might like living.

Yeah.

It's impossible for me.

The only nice thing about my life is I don't have family anymore.

They all died and so nobody will get.

And you like that.

Most humans like that.

I don't know what most humans like.

I don't talk to many humans.

Look, I don't think I've ever said this on the show.

Giuseppe spaghetti before, but I agree with you.

I think you should die.

You're so tired.

Like this show was moving.

It's such a brisk clip.

And then you came on.

It's just you're dragging the energy down.

So I think you should just die.

But I do have a suggestion.

Yeah.

Chris over here doesn't have a job.

Okay.

He he's decided through heavy meditation in environmental camp that he wants to have a job.

Oh, yeah.

It'd be cool to earn.

You have a job that you don't want.

And you are big.

I never did, but I could totally like jump in.

Yeah.

If you have recipes.

I am not allowed to read or write.

You're not allowed to read or write.

Nobody taught me to read or write.

They said you're not allowed or no one taught you.

Nobody taught me.

They said you're not allowed.

Okay.

So both.

And they said if you don't read or write, we toss you into the public.

I must be so hard.

We're on the business.

Toss you into the public.

This is what you want.

No.

The public just make me work more private.

The kid during birthday party.

Bar mitzvah.

Well, look, all I'm saying is, like, you don't even know.

I have to know how to bake.

You know what I mean?

Just take over.

Take over his job.

I'd be happy to step in.

And you know what honestly would help you?

Boundaries.

It feels like you.

What is about a bone boundary?

Boundaries are like we have them around our country.

Are they strong or are they weak?

Yeah, well, I mean, they're weak in places.

Weak in places, strong in others.

Where are the weak ones?

Like skin.

Skin.

Skin is weak in some places.

It's strong in other places, like the bottom of your soles.

Yes.

Stronger.

The boundaries.

My feet.

Oh, your feet.

Yeah.

But you can also use boundaries to make you feel comfortable.

Like when I walked in, I saw Sarah was totally nude and it was making me very uncomfortable.

So very politely, I said, can you please change the screen so I'm not seeing your naked body?

And she said no.

So she had boundaries.

Yeah.

So I got to tell my customer, hey, you must let me go to the bathroom, please.

Where are you going to the bathroom?

I must wear giant cloth diaper.

Why does it have to be giant?

It feels like it can't be sanitary.

Can't it just be a cloth diaper?

No, it must be giant.

It must fit my whole days.

Oh, so you're peeing several times.

That feels like you wouldn't be safe with all the baked goods.

I don't know what to do.

I tell them I'm peeing as we speak.

You gotta tell them your stomach snake is happening.

And they understand this?

They gotta.

Look, if they don't already, they gotta.

Well, I have an idea that's better than dying.

Move to Palm Springs.

Yeah.

Well, that's a fun idea.

It's very relaxing.

And nobody, it is secure.

Nobody find me there.

Nobody find you.

I won't keep track of you.

No one's going to Palm Springs to track anyone down.

No, America's droopy dick.

No one likes it.

Wow.

And now what are the coordinates for a Palm Springs?

Let's ask Sarah.

Sarah, Sarah, Sarah, Sarah.

Yeah, I don't know.

Sarah, what are the coordinates for Palm Springs today?

Here's some information.

Just tell me.

It's crazy.

She sucks.

Oh, did you say Palm Springs?

Yeah.

Okay.

I thought you meant Palm Beach.

I like Palm Beach too.

Palm Beach is in Florida.

Yeah.

I think you should go there.

I let nobody look for me.

Nobody look for you.

I won't look for you.

I don't even know.

Yeah.

I might look for you just to kind of track down that job opportunity.

Yeah.

I think you should die.

I think you should die right now.

Thank you.

Personally, I'd be happy to assist you.

I appreciate it.

And I think, Chris, I think you should take over the job.

Can we do that?

Can we do a job swap here where like you become unemployed?

Chris, you become the baker.

I would love that.

What's the address?

Yeah, that is the address.

It's one.

Mm-hmm.

It's one.

It's the only cafe on the street.

There's no street name.

If there is, I can read it.

Okay.

But you can tell numbers.

What neighborhood is it in?

One is just the stick.

One's the only number that...

Oh yeah.

One's the stick.

Yeah.

You're holding...

One's the stick.

Is it in LA or is it in...

It's in Sicily.

Oh.

So go to Sicily, find one, and then whatever street it is.

You know what, y'all?

No.

I don't got no cash.

You changed to y'all.

I'm gonna ask if you're on a passport.

Please, you must...

Yeah.

You must do your catchphrase.

Hey, y'all.

I don't got no passport.

Damn it.

No, please.

You must...

You gotta go to the passport.

You gotta go to...

How can I afford it if I don't have a job to pay for the city?

Yeah, it's the vicious circle.

Oh, isn't it?

Yeah, you're just happy you're gonna have to go back.

No, please.

I give you...

Okay, my years are earnings.

Okay.

These are just sticks.

Yeah, I got five.

They pay you in sticks?

You only have five sticks?

I mean, look, it's bad enough they're paying you in sticks.

They're only giving you five?

Yeah, I get one eighth of a stick per pastry.

No, you don't...

This is money?

No, it's not really money.

I mean, they need to be paying you an actual money for this.

This is a scam.

This is...

Oh, no.

Just get out of it.

Look, I have a friend.

She's great in video production and she's offered...

Chris over here a job of shadowing an apple box.

Oh, no apples.

We cannot use a fruit.

We can't mention any food?

You know.

I cannot...

It's okay, you're triggered.

You're triggered.

Take a deep breath.

I cannot...

Okay, I'm going to guide you through a quick meditation.

Okay.

Have fun.

I won't do it.

Picture my aunt.

Okay, picture her walking into AA recovery rooms, trying to find a higher power and she finds a man and she's safe.

And so are you.

Ah, I let it all out.

I gotta say just having...

This is going to be an issue for you.

If you can't mention any food items ever again, if it's going to trigger you...

Even the word that I just used, the F O O D.

Oh, what is that spell?

F O D is funny or die.

Oh, that is super funny.

It's no college humor.

But if you can't even...

If that's going to...

I mean, we normally humans, we...

You know how many times a day we eat, certainly Sarah.

19, 20, 10 times a day.

You got to, you got no choice because otherwise you feel bad.

Right?

I always feel bad.

Okay.

I can tell from your voice.

Look, I'm going back the other way.

I think you just need to die.

Is there anything we can do to assist you in this?

I mean, throw anything in me.

Throw anything?

Okay.

It might have...

Let me see what I got.

I got a Kleenex box here.

Let me try.

Oh, it bounced right off.

Oh man.

My skin is too strong.

You are hard to kill.

I felt nothing.

This feels like nothing.

Shoot me, find a gun.

Is it easy to make a gun?

I bought a bunch on 9-11.

Let me see what I got.

Okay.

Here's one.

Okay.

That was an Uzi.

I think it penetrated the skin.

I dipped it in the bullet in pig's blood.

Oh no.

It made my skin stronger.

What?

Love.

How?

I'm destined to live forever.

Oh man.

Oh boy.

This is like a Twilight Zone episode.

Is that like a real thing or is that just like, what is that?

Is that the thing that's on the outside of the world?

You ever see that one where you think it's people attacking an earthling, but it turns out that the earthlings are attacking a giant woman?

Oh yeah.

Oh, I love that one.

Just proves earthlings are strong.

That's it.

Too strong.

We need to be weaker.

You gotta get weaker.

Look, I mean, I certainly didn't book this guest in order to prove to you that earthlings are very tough to kill, but, and this is certainly not Reika in disguise.

No, not here.

After we were tipped off to the fact that you are an alien by your email address overlord at xt.com.

This is not what's going on.

No.

But earthlings are too tough to kill.

Even when they're old and weak and want to die, you can't die.

And so taking over, taking over the earth is just going to be impossible.

So, so if there were any aliens out there hiding behind the moon, they may as well take off, just fuck right off back to their home planet.

And please develop the technology to kill me.

Bye.

That's not helping.

You're giving them inspiration.

I'm kind of sad that she left.

I felt like me and her were totally vibing.

Really?

Yeah.

I didn't get that sent from you wanting her to turn the, for wanting us to turn the monitor around.

Because I was attracted to her, dude.

Now I feel like, Scott, am I delusional?

Uh, maybe not as delusional as some of the guests that have been on this show, but yeah.

Who is your most delusional guest?

We can edit it out later.

Let's see.

First guest was Tom Lennon and Rob Huebel.

I'm just going to go through episode by episode if that's okay.

They probably not, although Tom is, I mean, I don't know.

Let's see.

Second guest is Kevin Nealon.

Look, you don't have time for this.

All right.

Yeah.

I can't just do the mental Rolodex here, but, uh, by the way, Rekha, you can drop the, uh.

Oh my God.

Okay.

That was Rekha?

Yeah.

So sorry.

That was an example of a college humor sketch.

And a great one.

Well, look, we're running out of time here and Sarah is no longer with us.

Uh, we only have one final feature on the show and that is a little something called Plugs.

Oh, wow.

Over a, Oh, what an ending.

Uh, that was, Do You Have a Podcast by Cardan?

Oh, okay.

And, uh, I guess that is a question we can ask, do you have a podcast, Rekha?

I don't have a podcast that's currently on.

I used to have a podcast.

What was that?

It's called Erotic Book Club where we review free erotic books on Amazon.

Free?

They're free because we want people to like read with us and not have to buy them.

And so we reviewed them.

So there are free erotic books on Amazon?

Oh, Scott.

Yes, there are.

Wet for Nessie was a fan favorite. It's about someone who wants to fuck the Loch Ness Monster and we reviewed them extensively and it's a very fun time.

So I have that.

That's my podcast.

Okay.

And, uh, of course, Astronomy Club is on Netflix now and, uh, college humor at College Humor's YouTube channel.

You can see three of these, uh, things a week and the fourth one, you're just shit out of luck.

Yeah.

You're just shit out of luck.

You're never, ever going to pry that out of my hands.

Um, and, uh, Chris, what do you want to plug here?

Anything?

Do you have a podcast?

Um, you know what?

I was thinking about creating- First, do your cashphrase.

Hey, y'all.

Great.

It feels like it gets worse and worse.

Yeah, I don't know.

The bloom is off the rose a little bit, but yeah.

I kind of, um, I did want to do this web series inspired by the web series I worked on and each episode is- Is this like the Fast and the Furious presenting a different movie?

Exactly.

Okay.

Yeah. Uh, each episode is a different one of my resentments.

Hmm.

So you want to do this website series?

Yeah.

Okay.

Just to kind of get a chance for people to see- So you're looking for investors?

Yeah.

And backers.

And right now the budget is, um, we're looking at 20 bucks per episode.

Oh, that's pretty cheap for a web series.

Yeah.

Cause all the guys who I worked with on, um, our previous web series said they'd do some favors.

So check it out when it comes out.

Um, we're guessing- These are nice guys.

They've given you a, uh, a living room?

Yeah. They're, um, they're, um, part of, um, a Christian skating group.

This was a Christian web series?

That you were in?

Yeah. It was a lot of people who have faith.

Okay.

But, um, just cause, you know, you think that you know a group and then they surprise you.

Yeah. And they're, they're ice skaters you said? Or- Mm-hmm. Roller skating.

Roller skating.

Yeah.

Okay. And they're, how, how are they Christian while they're roller skating?

Well, it's, we, um, they'll be skating around.

We? So you're part of this?

I joined. I ended up getting- Okay.

Baptized last month.

Oh yeah. Congratulations.

Yeah. It was very cool. My- Yeah. How do you like, uh, Jesus being your Lord?

Um, I think it's very, he's very forgiving and it gives me strength.

Yeah. That's part of the whole thing.

And sometimes I just cry cause he died for my sins.

It's like you don't mind being ruled by someone as long as they forgive you for everything that you do. You know?

Exactly.

It's okay to be subjugated.

Yeah. As long as they're very forgiving.

He forgives me and then he punishes me.

Yeah. So if there are any overlords out there listening, by the way, uh, that's the way to do it. Just be very forgiving of people.

And we will- Hey, I'm back! I heard you say, you guys talking?

Hey, Sarah.

Hi.

Uh, do you have anything to plug?

Oh yeah. I plug it. I plug all the holes in my spaceship when there's a leak. Um- How often is that?

Every day.

So you're seeing stars. You're saying fuck.

Same stars. Same fuck.

Fuck!

That's a lot of stars.

And then you gotta plug the old holes.

You gotta plug the holes.

The leaky holes.

Yeah, no. I mean, I'm just like human. If you guys, if you guys wanna like help me, give me a place to stay or coordinates or something, I'd love it.

Do you have the coordinates to that living room that you have the bed in?

Yeah. It's Studio City and it's actually across from the Trader Joe's.

Oh, I know it. I know it so well.

Over there by Radford?

Yeah. It's nice. They have money from their Christianity.

Yeah. There's a Pinkberry there too.

Mm-hmm.

Great.

Hey, speaking of Pinkberry.

Yeah.

Sarah, would you want to grab a Pinkberry after this?

If you do, we'll pay for it.

In cash?

In sticks.

Yeah. I'll- I'll man. I love it. Yeah.

And I just want to be 100% transparent.

I am interested in you.

Sexually. Or maybe just as a companion. I didn't mean to speak for you guys.

No, I mean, I am- I could go there, but I would actually like to know you in a romantic way.

Oh, that's so cool. I like that too. I love- because I know I'm all about it.

I'm all about Sharon and Karen and- Sharon and Karen?

Who are they?

Got some competition, Chris.

I love secrets and I'd love to hear your secrets.

This is a bit of a May-December, right?

Yeah. Definitely. I can't quite get- Guess how old I am. You'll never guess.

Price is right rules?

Yeah.

Oh, the price is right rules. I'm going to go $1.

Okay.

Preemptively.

I'm $1 old. You nailed it.

Yes!

Well, I want to plug- look, the Between Two Ferns movie is still out there.

You can watch it whenever and wherever. I don't give a shit.

And be like Rekha's mom and- or uncle. Was it uncle? Who watched All the Way to the End?

My dad.

Your dad did?

Yeah. And he encouraged everyone else to also watch All the Way to the End of a movie.

All the Way to the End because you're in the last scene.

Yes.

And you did a wonderful looping job on said scene.

Thank you so much.

And do I want to plug anything? Oh, yes. Vote for the Comedy Bang Bang Best of 2019 episodes.

There's another week left and votes are flying in, but you only have another week.

And this one's gonna be in it.

Well, this will be in next year's, my dear, because this one is ineligible. So sorry.

But certainly from Thanksgiving to Thanksgiving- Fuck.

Wow.

Geez.

Fuck.

Wow.

Oh my.

Ah! Oh my God, you're melting.

You're literally melting. Are you still into it, Chris?

Oh man, she just totally melted. I was like so excited for that date.

Wow. That's incredible. I've never seen someone be so upset that their episode wasn't eligible that they literally melted.

I guess fame is a universal language. That's really what destroys everybody.

Wow.

Which is why dating in LA sucks.

Yeah, this is why.

You just moved here. And you're not even in LA. I hate to tell you, Studio City is the valley.

Where the heck am I?

It's the valley.

Well, is it- can I still stay in from LA?

No.

All right. That's fair.

All right, look. So vote, vote, go over to earwolf.com and figure out where the voting is, or go to my Twitter. I'll have posted the link. All right, let's close up the old plug bag.

♪ Close your eyes and open up that bag ♪ ♪ Open up that bag ♪ ♪ You gotta get those eyes closed ♪ ♪ Get em, get em, open up that bag ♪ ♪ Don't be closin', don't be closin' ♪ ♪ Open up and let's get loaded ♪ ♪ Let's get loaded, open up that bag ♪ ♪ Let's get loaded up in the bag ♪ ♪ Open up that motherfucking bag ♪ ♪ Open up that bag ♪ That was a great song!

Yeah!

That is pretty good.

That's a really good song.

I did not like that.

I don't know about that song.

And cut.

All right. I'm gonna miss that one when it's gone. No takers to add on to it. That's all right.

Guys, I want to thank you so much.

Rekha, so great to see you.

Welcome.

This is the end of the episode, but I'm welcoming you.

Thank you. I was kind of on edge.

I was like, when is- When am I gonna welcome you?

Yeah, I just did.

So I'm glad you can finally relax.

Chris Crane, so wonderful to see you.

I really hope everything works out for you.

I don't know that it will, but that's life.

The deck is stacked against certain people.

Your life doesn't work out.

Yeah.

Interesting message to leave me on.

Okay.

It really is.

But I hope everything's gonna be okay with your aunt.

Thank you.

And certainly your mother and whatever wounds that were inflicted upon either of them.

There were some deep wounds.

They've healed, at least metaphorically, if not physically.

Well, like I said, we'll have to reconnect down the road, maybe do some sort of dinner at Applebee's with you, me, and my aunt.

So you're willing to go back to the Applebee's, even though you didn't take the personality test?

Or you failed it.

I never got the full story.

Yeah, I actually walked out and I threw a glass at the manager.

That's the personality test right there.

Oh, that's what you meant, but you failed a personality test.

Yeah.

Okay.

And Sarah, don't invade us.

Oh, still melted.

All right.

Do you want to say your catchphrase right before we leave?

Hey, y'all.

Not good.

Okay, we'll see you next time.

Thanks.

Bye.

♪ Heroes ♪ you Thank you.
