---
layout: page
title: 633. Ben Schwartz, Horatio Sanz [https：⧸⧸cloudfront.wolfpub.io⧸CBB-633-20191209-Schwartz_Sanz-RCv01-PW.mp3].mp3.wav
category: cbb 
---

♪ I'll tell of the withering worth of your girth by how mighty my monstrous mirth.

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

Oh boy. Well, thank you to Wham Bam Cheddar Bone for that catchphrase submission.

And welcome to Comedy Bang Bang for 2020!

Four more years of Comedy Bang Bang.

We wish you a merry twenty.

We wish you a merry twenty and a happy Christmas.

Welcome to the show. My name's Scott Aukerman.

I'm the host, have been the host for almost the entirety of Comedy Bang Bang.

And I want to welcome you to a Happy New Year Comedy Bang Bang.

And as is our tradition over the past, I swear it's been like six years at this point.

Yeah, I can't believe how long we've been doing this.

What a fine, rich tradition.

Isn't it, though? Yes.

It's tradition.

Tradition. Oh, you guys don't want to sing the Jewish songs?

Yeah, sorry. You'll sing the fucking Christmas songs.

You sing something American, we'll join in.

It is American.

That's insane.

♪ Draydle, draydle, draydle, I'm here to cry. ♪ ♪ Draydle, draydle, draydle, I'll be in the eye. ♪ As is our tradition, now let's name traditions.

Great.

Stockings by the fire.

Yeah, that's one.

Laying out the cookies and milk for old Saint Nick.

Right.

And I'm not talking just holiday traditions, I'm talking any tradition.

OK, any tradition in the world?

Yeah, in the world.

Putting the presents under the tree?

The presents under the tree.

Putting all the presents under the tree?

Yeah.

But as is our tradition, we have two of the greatest here with us.

I don't know how we fell into it about six years or so ago.

They were on the first episode of the year and everyone loved it so much.

They said, please have them on every first episode of every comedy bang bang calendar year.

Wow.

And we have done as much as we could in order to enact that happening.

That's true.

And we've had 100 percent success rate, including this episode.

We've had 100 percent success race.

And I think because of that, because of that, that's how we keep going.

We have a nice 100 percent death race.

How that 100 percent death race is my new movie.

Oh, yeah. Can you tell me what the plot line is?

It's like Fast and Furious, except that would not want any of the people in that franchise.

OK.

And just beheadings when they lose the process.

Yeah, yeah.

Oh, wow.

A lot of beheadings.

So who was the actress who got beheaded?

It was Lisa Hartigan's mom, Mariska Hartigan's mom.

Mariska Hartigan's mom.

Yeah. Who is that? What was she in?

She was in a Hitchcock thing?

No.

How'd she get beheaded?

She wasn't beheaded, but they said she was beheaded.

Oh, no.

She got kidnapped by ISIS years after she was famous.

This is insane.

Wasn't it a long time ago?

She was famous in the 50s.

I mean, ISIS has been around for a long time.

Longer than we knew.

Oh, are you saying ISIS?

Like you're talking about like vanilla ISIS?

ISIS. Yeah.

Like licking like a rainbow sherbet type thing?

Or are you talking about like, Hey, come and get your ISIS here!

Yeah, that's the person that killed.

Who's this guy?

Hey, get your Iranian ISIS!

I love an Italian ISIS.

What do you got? What flavor?

No, get over here. Get in front of the camera.

Wait, why do we have to get over here?

Slice?

What the fuck?

More like slices.

That's good.

What if ISIS rebranded as Slices?

Oh, I love that.

Slices ISIS?

Oh, New York.

New York has the best slices.

Oh, my God. The original?

This is the original Slices?

No, I'm talking about a terrorist threat here.

OK.

But every year, these guys are kind enough to make time in their busy schedules.

And we record this on New Year's Eve.

Every single thing.

That's the one thing, because we have to do it a little bit in advance of today is January 6th, obviously.

But we've had to record on New Year's Eve.

And it is like 11-15 at this point.

So I think we're going to make it into the new year.

We've never kissed anybody but ourselves when that ball drops.

I know, for six years now.

Six years.

Isn't that insane?

People have wanted us to kiss them all six years.

And we've said, no!

We've gotten so many comments about throwing some kisses to the misses, is what they call it.

Yeah.

We can't do it.

We're here.

We're here right now, talking to each other.

Very engaged.

I'm going to throw a kiss out to Scott real quick.

Thank you for throwing a kiss out to me.

OK, good.

Let me throw a kiss out right now to Scott.

OK, that's great.

Hey, I'm going to throw a kiss out.

I have two kisses.

What?

Both to Scott.

Mwah!

Ah!

That's an asshole.

But these guys are two of the best.

They are, of course, alumni of the Upright Citizens Brigade Theater, although you don't graduate in that, right?

Jane Mansfield, before I forget.

That's how long it took.

Jane Mansfield.

That's how long, from the moment.

With a Y in her name.

Sure.

Why?

Because she has no head.

But no, she was with her.

You know, the kids were in the car too when she died.

Wait, tell me what the story is.

That's old Hollywood lore.

I mean, I know this isn't You Must Remember This.

But she was driving with the kids in the back.

Was Mariska in the back?

I believe she was.

Yes.

Was she a giraffe?

How tall was her neck that she was able to get a power line that slights through it?

She always had trouble.

She would always have to tilt her head to the side in order to drive.

That's a giraffe.

But sometimes she would high tower it and just take the sunroof out.

She'd look over it, and that was what was happening that day.

One of the tallest actresses of all time.

She was in the 9s, 9 feet tall.

Whoa!

Yeah.

And then exactly at the same time, someone in Paramount in the workshop, one of their saw blades flew off.

Yeah.

And then just whizzed around.

The saw blade didn't do it.

That was what was interesting.

Right.

It didn't do it.

What happened was the saw blade, not the sharp end either, like the dull, flat end of it, hit a football that was being passed by Joe Montana.

Joe Montana was on set?

He wasn't on set.

He was in the middle of the street.

This is like before he became a San Francisco 49, before his storied career.

He was just throwing in the street because he was young.

This is in the 60s.

Great.

He throws a football.

It bounces off this saw blade.

Wha-bang!

Right in the neck.

So did the football do it or did the saw blade?

The football did it.

But I think it picked up some of the sharpness of the blade when it hit it.

Oh, OK.

So it picked up some spikes and then went through?

Yeah, exactly.

Oh, I love this.

It was a Mad Max type situation.

You know, you've got to know your history before you make it your futurey.

How do you work in this business without knowing the history?

I know.

Because to me, it's his story, and I want to know her story.

Thank you.

About time.

2019.

Speaking of her story, you know him from several movies.

I'm struggling to even name one.

Clifford the Big Red Dog.

Really?

Yeah, he's in Clifford the Big Red Dog.

No, I'm talking about you.

Oh.

Sorry.

I know all of Horatio's stuff.

Oh, OK.

Just think of one.

I mean, I know you have one coming up, but I can't think of any other one you've ever done.

OK.

I mean, I've done probably 20, 30, 40, 50, 60, 70.

Movies?

Oh, I just found out the other day that I've done 12 independent movies.

That makes sense.

The ones that come out on VOD?

Yeah, the ones that no one's ever seen.

No one ever sees?

But how many real movies have you been in?

I have no idea.

I don't think I've ever seen you in one.

Have I?

Have you seen This Is Where I Leave You?

What is that?

Yeah.

Have you seen Star Wars Episode VII?

I mean, you were cut out of that.

Yeah, I guess.

What did you get, a special thanks of that?

No, I helped with The Voice.

Yeah, you helped with it.

It doesn't say that in the credits, right?

Helped with The Voice?

Have you seen?

By the way, we have two.

I can't think of any movies either.

Yeah, I know.

But you have the upcoming Sonic the Hedgehog.

Sonic the Hedgehog.

Gotta go fast.

Ben Schwartz is here.

The elegant Mr. S.

Hey, guys.

Here I am.

Benny Schwab.

Benny, uh.

Top hat, tap shoes, and a big old smile.

It's me, the elegant Mr. S. Biddy, buddy.

Oh, he's got the spats.

I got them spats.

Baby, you want spats?

I got them.

Are spats a thing in the back of the tails?

No, on the shoes.

Oh, buddy.

They're like shoe bibs.

Oh, that's cool.

I know that.

If you say baby wants spats, that means you want someone to kick you in the ass.

So bum, bum, bum, bum, bum, bum, bum, bum, bum, bum, bum, bum.

Baby wants spats.

Bum, bum, bum, bum, bum, bum, bum, bum.

White shiny in my butt.

Bum, bum, bum, bum, bum, bum, bum.

I got spats.

Speaking of Star Wars, this was a great surprise to me.

Oh, yes.

I hunkered down come the mid-November of 2019, a year that is already no longer with us.

And, uh.

The last month of 2019 was insane.

Oh, it was crazy all the stuff that happened.

The last 15 days were absolutely bananas.

Oh, my god.

I couldn't even believe it.

Of course, we're here on New Year's Eve talking about it.

Yeah, so we know exactly what happened.

But I hunkered down with a nice new service called Disney Tea.

Your old employer.

Yeah.

And I bought this premium service Disney Tea.

It's Disney.

And it's what?

Disney.

Sorry, Disney-te.

D's needs, right?

All right?

Who needs it?

God, he's going.

Stop it.

Don't smile when you say it and point to your dick.

Smile very hard.

Jesus.

But I settled down with it, and I watched a show called The Mandalorian.

And who is in episode one?

I believe he is blue in color and plays some sort of an alien, if that's not a spoiler, I hope.

But an alien, he's certainly not humanoid.

Although, I guess all of the characters in Star Wars are aliens, right?

Has anyone ever said, like, yeah, I'm from Earth?

I guess not.

That'd be kind of boring.

I know it was a long time ago.

It was like during Adam and Eve times.

But I think it would be cool if someone was like, where are you from, Earth?

Hey, I'm Johnny.

I'm from Earth.

What are you doing here?

Hanging out.

I'm helping out with the sets.

How was that?

I haven't seen any yet.

He's in The Mandalorian.

Horatio Sans is here.

Yay.

Was it so exciting?

It was fun.

It was very fun.

It was very exciting to keep it quiet.

You had to not tell anyone until it was out?

What about your loved ones?

Oh, yeah, what about the people you love?

Not even my loved ones.

Who do you love?

Name one person you love.

Name one movie of Ben's and one person you love.

I'm upset that I can't think of a new one.

OK, thank you very much.

I appreciate that.

Strange Weddings.

Oh, cool.

I was in a movie called Strange Weddings where all I would do is.

These are fake.

No.

I married different farm animals.

And I'd be like, god, this is strange.

OK, this does sound strange.

So describe the process.

Tell us everything as two Star Wars nerds.

I know, of course, all the details, a tattoo, ein, and all the rest.

Tell us about the process.

Well, you know, it's a lot of makeup.

And it's a lot of time in the chair.

Oh, really?

As they say.

As they say in the chair.

Because you said a lot of people don't know this about show business.

When you go in to get makeup, they don't force you to stand the entire time.

They actually offer you a nice chair.

They do most of the times.

Most of the times.

Yeah.

90, 80% of the time they offer you a chair.

Unless they're spray painting your legs or something.

Sometimes they have to do that.

Yeah.

Was it Jon Favreau?

It was Jon Favreau.

Oh, how exciting.

He didn't direct it.

He did direct it, didn't he?

He executive produced.

He somehow directed it.

Kind of a little bit.

Do you know the name of the director?

Yes, you do.

Oh my god, Horatio.

Who directed the pilot?

Is that for the pilot?

It's the first episode of The Mandalorian.

Dave Filoni.

He directed it?

Yeah.

He's a smart, wonderful man.

Yeah.

Felony.

Dave Felony.

Can you give us one of your lines?

Can you give us one of your favorite lines?

Did you audition?

Or are you offer only?

I'm offer only.

You're offer only.

OK.

So they just, did they do a reach out of, are you available?

Or did they just listen to this episode from last year?

Pretty much what got me the role is this episode from last year.

Wow.

And I said I would love to play an alien in the new series.

Oh, amazing.

Wow.

Remember that?

Yeah, I do remember that.

Did you get sides, or did you just show up to the set and find out what you were doing when you were there?

Sides, by the way, is the script.

I got sides, but I didn't know the end end.

Although I was shown Baby Yoda.

You were?

Really?

At the beginning.

You were shown.

Are you sure it was Baby Yoda or it was Dave Filoni's penis?

Why would you do that?

It was.

What a terrible turn you just made.

I hope Dave is listening.

Do you want to see Baby Yoda?

Pulled out his junk and his penis, it was green.

So I was like, OK.

And he's just Baby Yoda.

I'm like, what the hell joke is this?

He's like, no, calm down.

There really is a Baby Yoda.

And then he pulled out his fucking balls.

Then he bent over and showed me his asshole.

I'm like, enough.

Where's this Baby Yoda?

Enough jokes here.

This is science fiction.

Yeah, I get it.

Not science fucktion.

Whoa.

Whoa, come on, man.

It's not that kind of show.

By the way, if you're listening to this show for the first time since The Best of's, I want to go on record here that 2020, it has not changed.

It is still not that kind of show.

OK, it is not that kind of show.

And I want to say President Busey is doing a great job so far.

He's amazing.

So you get to the set.

You spend a lot of time in the chair.

Essentially, they're making you blue, which is something you think they would be able to do in post now.

What's one of your lines?

Just to hear it, I want to hear your character talk.

How does your character talk?

For real.

Hey, man.

For real?

What you doing in my neighborhood?

Is that what it is?

Oh, do it, Raj.

Do it.

Will you watch it?

I will watch it.

I'm excited.

Everything Horatio does has that kind of a feel.

I got Disney.

Disney.

You know what I love on Disney?

What's on Disney?

The Imagineering documentary.

Oh, I have not seen that.

It's great.

OK, I like Encore.

Oh, yeah.

I like Black Stars.

All right.

What's Black Stars?

It's a table channel.

I like Worldstar.

It's not stars.

It's Black Stars.

Worldstar hip hop.

That's what I'm going to do.

OK, so you show up, and you're in a scene, by the way, with Brian Posehn, another friend of the show.

Oh, that's crazy.

It was wonderful.

Yeah, and we're both choked.

We're both stuffed in a land speeder.

Oh, that's cool.

And it's one of the old ones.

So they tried to start it.

It must have had like a lawnmower engine or something in it that kind of made it move along.

And they tried to start it, and it wouldn't start.

So they just got a forklift under it.

That's great.

Would you do it?

So when you watch the show, imagine a forklift just like driving really slow behind it.

When you see Brian Posehn turning into the dock, he's on the forklift.

That's fucking great.

Tell us the truth here, because Pedro Pascal plays the Mandalorian.

Sure.

But my theory is that he never takes off his mask or anything.

So my theory is it's not him.

It's just some stunt guy.

And he basically does one day of like doing all his lines and gets paid millions and millions for it.

I mean, I wish for him that that were the case, because sometimes he gets pretty frustrated.

Because he was there.

Yeah, well, he's there the whole time.

He does get to go home sometimes when there's some shooting or some stuff.

But they let him go home at night.

They let him go home at night.

They give him 12 hours to sleep and eat and do it.

Wow.

Well, what about shitting?

Make love to his girlfriend.

No, not a lot of shitting.

Shitting you do on the set.

That's what I've always heard.

That's what the Mandalorians dance for.

Save your shits for the set.

What about those Mandalorians?

Are they allowed to take out the butt part of their armor to shit?

They have to.

If you know about Mandalorians, they don't have buttholes.

Oh, I didn't know that.

Whoa, they just secrete it out.

They have a penis for mating and a penis for pooping.

Oh, OK.

Just two side by side.

Do they ever mix them up?

Because it's like a staph infection.

You got to by mistake.

So he gets frustrated, though?

I hate to interrupt you dishing dirt on an ugly boy.

He does get frustrated, because he has to be in the mask.

And a lot of the stuff.

Why did he take the role then?

Because who wouldn't do it?

Yeah, exactly.

Do you wait?

Was he there when you were filming your stuff?

Yeah, yeah.

All of his scenes are with him.

I can't wait to see it.

A lot of my scenes are with the stunt guys, too.

I can't wait to see it.

Mm-hmm.

I cannot wait to see it.

It's showbiz.

But he has to do dramatic scenes, so it's good for the actors.

He can't just be like, let the, you know, let the.

Did they trick him and not tell him he was going to wear the mask all the time?

Yeah, they shot.

No, this is a great part.

They shot two episodes with his mask off where he was like making out with a lot of people, and he was having a good time, and they were just like, that's not what the show is.

Aren't we all wearing a mask, though?

Oh, great point.

Thank you, Ben.

Of course.

2020, we're finally getting real on Comedy Bang Bang.

Seriously, now is the time.

It's a totally different show than you think of.

Let's drop him.

I've been trying to take mine off forever.

Yeah, I know.

Yeah.

Sometimes it's on there because you can't take it off yourself.

Someone like me or Scott has to tell you what your mask looks like.

Are you crying?

No, I think he was burping.

I was burping.

I got McDonald farts.

Sorry, guys.

What did you eat at McDonald's?

You still eat McDonald's?

I had a quarter pounder.

They're really good these days.

They've changed.

They've changed, sure.

All right.

Maybe they're a sponsor.

They no longer pour.

Quarter pounders, they're really good these days.

Buttermilk, pancakes.

Ta-ta-ta-ta-ta.

They're really good these days.

You know what that is?

That's $200 in my pocket in McDonald's gift certificates.

Oh, wow.

No wonder you're eating so many of them.

Oh, yeah.

How much do you spend per meal of those gift certificates?

Well, they're $50 each, and I kind of try to use all of it.

No change.

You have to buy $50 worth of stuff.

So I'll buy like six shakes.

What was your thing when you went to McDonald's?

I would get either quarter pounder, or I get two.

I would always get the quarter pounder with cheese.

They were good back then.

The two cheeseburger meal I would do, too.

The Big Macs are disgusting, I think.

I had a teacher, by the way, who would eat a Big Mac, and he would do it layer by layer from top to bottom.

Hoppatito.

He would eat his, by the way, he would always have a sundae along with it.

Oh, yeah.

He would eat that first, because he's like, that's the part you are most excited about, so why not eat it first?

Because then it'll make everything else taste weird, because all the sugars are in it.

Yeah, so he would do the sundae first, and then he would eat the Big Mac, and he would eat the bun, and then the, I don't know what the next layer is, pickle, lettuce, whatever.

You know what.

Shagoo.

The goo.

I do that with a mix of mayonnaise, mustard, and Russian.

Hey, put some more shagoo on this, quarter pounder.

They're good now.

But for goo shagoo.

I eat pizza that way.

I eat the cheese first, and I take a goddamn straw, I suck up all that red sauce, and then I just lick the fucking dough till it evaporates on my tongue.

That's an odd way of eating, isn't it?

I don't know.

Everybody can eat to eat their own.

To eat their own.

Great title of this episode.

Make a shirt.

To eat their own.

So was it a big thrill for you, Horatio, to do Star Wars?

Had you been a fan?

Describe seeing Star Wars, the first one, when you were a kid.

Did you see it when you were a kid?

I was seven years old.

My brother took me to the theater, and I was blown away, beyond blown away.

Like, that age is the perfect age.

Was it the brother who was like, pretending to be you, and the guy, what was the story when the guy came over to your house?

He pretended his name was different.

What was it again?

You've told it on this.

I pretended to be a different name.

You pretended to be a different name.

That's how Roger came about.

All right.

But we never found out why.

You just decided to do it.

I decided to because my name in Spanish is Horatio.

And you were embarrassed.

And I was embarrassed.

Oh, I see.

No one could pronounce the teachers would mess it up.

Pop the teacher.

Dude, there were a lot of hot teachers today.

These teachers are so hot.

They were hot back then.

You have to understand.

Back then, those teachers were hot.

Yeah.

So your brother took you.

He smacked me about the face.

Did he tell you where you were going?

Yes.

Yes, I knew about what was happening.

This was a new moment.

You were cognizant of everything.

You were aware.

You consented.

Your brain worked.

I loved it.

I got it.

Do you remember the experience?

Do you remember where you went to see it?

I think I went to the Norwich Theater in Chicago, in Norwich, Illinois, which is a suburb.

And that's where I went to see all the blockbusters, the Indiana Joneses.

Sure, of course.

And we go at midnight, which is a big deal.

Why?

On opening day?

Yeah, three days later.

We go.

Hey, wake up.

It's Wednesday.

Let's do this.

Hey, I'm the projectionist.

Get out of my house.

Put the shagoo on.

And yeah, I really loved it.

And so walking into the set.

Who's your favorite character?

My favorite character.

Donald?

John?

Listen, are you interested?

I want to know.

Are you listening to me?

I want to know.

My favorite character of all time is Han Solo.

Han Solo.

I get it.

Do you like that solo film that he did?

Second character, Boba Fett.

Oh, wow.

So you're in a perfect thing.

Yes.

So this is exciting for you.

You're playing, essentially, this guy's, I don't know, Boba Fett's brother.

We don't know what this is.

You don't know yet.

Yeah, I can't tell you.

But I might be Boba Fett's brother.

You're Boba Fett's brother.

That's amazing.

Let's not say that.

Let's say it's possible.

I'm not saying no.

It's entirely possible that you are Boba Fett's brother.

Oh, my god.

Yeah.

And then I might be putting on a big helmet.

Did you ever slip in any lines in the middle of your other lines where you're like, you know, my brother, Boba Fett.

Just like that.

He was a Mandalorian, too.

You want to buy something?

Well, I got to ask my brother, Boba Fett.

So you get to the set, and it's just a thrill to see all this stuff.

And did you perform safe set?

Yeah.

That was a high five.

Very nice.

Well, yeah.

Posting and showing up in the Lance Peters.

Did you know he was in it as well?

I did.

Did you guys communicate with each other beforehand?

Tiny bit.

Yeah.

Saying like, oh, my god.

Can you believe we're stars?

We're Scott.

And I'm like, I don't know, man.

This does seem like an egregious mistake that I was not in.

I never got a call.

And I'm offer only as well.

And I'm certainly not at scale or anything.

And I have a lot of writers in my contract about this stuff.

Well, you're not crazy either.

You're not scale, but it's not crazy.

No, it's not crazy.

It's not like $100,000 per day.

But it's expensive.

It's certainly not scale.

Yeah, it's a bit of an expense.

But I tend to think it's worth it.

It's worth it for what you bring to the game.

Yeah, exactly.

But I was very surprised that I was not asked to be in this.

Hey, by the way, isn't Pedro Chilean as well?

Yes.

So how often have you talked to another Chilean actor?

We talked about Chile.

He's the best.

I love Pedro.

Very nice guy.

What are your Chile memories?

Oh, yeah.

What are your Chile memories?

I remember being in Chile.

I went there.

I went to school when I was like five years old there, and it seemed like very.

Well, the math of you seeing Star Wars is starting to get weird.

Did you move to Chicago at six, you said?

Uh-huh.

Yeah, your honor.

All right.

OK.

Damn it, I knew we were going to catch up in a lie, though.

It was so close.

So close.

We'll get them.

And then I was in Chile when I was nine, so.

Whoa.

So you just came here to see Star Wars?

Yeah.

And then you turned around and went back home?

I went back home, yeah.

Oh.

So you get on the set.

You talk to Pedro Pascal about Chile memories.

And all those beautiful sets are like a circle called the volume, and it's all just a screen.

Where's the shot?

It's in Manhattan Beach.

Manhattan Beach.

Everybody thinks, oh, they must have gone to Pinewood Studios.

Tunisia, yeah.

They must be in England.

No.

I didn't know Horatio was English.

I got a lot of that.

Horatio's English.

Cool.

Like, no, we should be in Manhattan Beach.

Yeah.

It's all these just like LA tan actors in this thing.

Yes.

That's exciting.

And I definitely think you should be an imperial officer.

Who me?

Yeah, definitely.

I thought you were looking at Ben over here.

Ben has already had his brush with fame with Star Wars.

I got to be a storm trooper.

Yeah, oh, really?

In what?

In episode seven.

You were?

I was.

I got to put everything off it.

Did you ever talk?

No, I walked behind Adam Driver.

Oh, come on.

I would love to.

Yeah.

Well, I did have one line.

What was your line?

My line was Adam Driver walks, and I go, ugh, I wonder where my brother Boba Fett is.

That was my only line.

So you guys could be related.

Maybe I got a call with Jon Favreau.

I'm not friendly enough with him.

Favreau, you got our numbers.

I know you have my number.

It's Scotty on board.

I just have a few preconditions for my parents.

Can I hear one of your preconditions?

I won't sign a release.

You'll have to blur out my face.

Even if you're wearing a mask?

If I'm wearing a mask, yeah, just blur out my face.

That's all I ask.

Disguise my voice.

Wow.

Well, this is wonderful.

I was so excited to see you in that.

And it's like when you have a friend who just something like that happens, you just feel so excited for them.

Thank you.

And do you feel excited when I see you guys do stuff like that, too?

Oh, thanks, man.

Can you name one movie I've been in?

I don't know that I have ever done anything like that.

Can you name one movie I've been in?

Star Wars 7.

No, but I wasn't really in that.

I wasn't really.

Uncredited.

Those crazy Silversteins.

Oh, yeah, that was fun.

It was just me and a bunch of Silversteins.

Wasn't there something like that?

Oh, Peep World, maybe?

Where you're with a bunch of siblings?

Yeah, Peep World.

Very good.

That was like the first big movie I did.

Yeah, not big.

Big movie.

First indie movie.

So you've done so many movies, you judge them by big or?

Yeah, and I guess the biggest one is Peep World, which made $5.

Wonderful.

And now, Ben, what's going on with House of Pies season, what, nine of that?

What's happening at this point?

I feel maybe it's because I haven't been on for a bit.

But so that's been canceled for a long time.

Canceled?

So they didn't just end it.

It was canceled.

Yeah, it was over.

It was not a decision by the creators.

It was purely, what was it on, HBO Prime?

Showtime.

HBO Prime didn't exist yet.

You know that.

They purely were like cutting the rug out, taking the rug out from under, saying, we're canceling it.

Can I tell you one of the ways that I found out that show was canceled is I had to go to set for something, and I saw them destroying one of the sets.

And I was like, oh, I don't think we're making it past this round.

Destroying it.

Like, and peeing on it.

Yeah, like, breaking it up.

The sledgehammers.

I was like, oh my god.

I think that's a wrap, guys.

Isn't that crazy?

The Letterman show, they just tossed all that stuff the next day.

It was all in a dumpster.

Get their grab-the-bumps-it.

Isn't that crazy, though?

It's insane.

That they thought it was so worthless, they're just like, eh, just throw this in the dumpster.

But so what are you doing?

I don't even know.

You're in this.

We'll talk to you in a future episode about this Sonic the Hedgehog movie.

Sonic the Hedgehog?

I want to drill down on it.

I want to get very specific about it.

Yeah, we'll be talking in a future episode about it, if that's OK.

This year, randomly, a bunch of stuff I did comes out at the same time.

Really?

This is the year that, if you want to get annoyed by me, this is the one to really get annoyed.

Or you can just go to Europe for a weekend.

And just miss me.

Yeah, that'd be great.

I'll tell you which weekends to leave America.

This is like that app where, if you go to a movie, it tells you when to go to the bathroom.

If you could just tell Americans when to leave the country.

When my movies and TV shows are coming out, yeah, yeah, yeah.

That way, you'll know never to look at your phone or anything like that.

It'll be easy.

Oh, you'll never know I even exist.

It'll be so easy.

We got to do a movie together, the three of us.

What do you want to call it, the three caballeros?

Definitely.

A reboot of the three caballeros.

I just watched it the other day.

Did you see it on Disney?

Yeah, on Disney.

You got Donald Duck, the other two.

But that should be us.

And we'd sing songs.

We'd sing sirens.

And then, remember, we did it in the root beer of DuckTales.

On the root beer of DuckTales, we had three caballeros in the reboot of DuckTales.

Oh, the reboot.

Oh, yeah, yeah.

We did a three caballeros thing.

Oh, wonderful.

That is wonderful.

Horatio, how late are you to the set every day?

It just seems like you keep skipping over me.

It seems like you asked me a question.

I try to up the power two hours.

I love to talk about my stuff I got going on.

Just when I'm showing up normally and I don't have any problems, about an hour before.

What do you guys think about?

It's called Florian Ulysses.

That's coming out next year.

What do you guys think about that story?

You know that story about the show Murder One?

The ABC show Murder One?

We did a bunch of improv specials called Middleditch and Schwartz.

They're coming out next year.

The dude who played the lead, he was like a big dramatic actor and they cast him.

A really close to the movie I did.

That's going to be coming out.

And then he kept coming to the set an hour late every day and they were like, you have to come out.

You have to get to the set on time and he goes, yeah, but I have to take my morning dump every day.

That was his excuse.

Oh yeah, that's right.

Remember?

Yeah.

He couldn't leave his house without taking his morning dump.

And my point is, get up an hour earlier.

Space Forces with Steve Carell and John Malkovich.

Or eat earlier than they eat the day before.

I understand having to take the morning dump.

To me it's really exciting because those are legends.

Those are legends.

Give them an earlier call to see.

This should be on the production too.

Like say he needs to be there at six.

Well maybe get a therapist to come down and talk to him about how it's OK to shit in the public bathroom.

In your trailer, which I'm sure is it.

Which is probably cleaner than his real bathroom.

Because they have to every day.

And it's based off a children's book, which I think is cool.

Well that sounds wonderful, Ben.

That sounds great.

Cool.

So I'm excited for you guys to check him out.

All right.

Yes, we definitely will.

Guys, we have to say, towards the end of the show, we will be doing what we've done every single episode at the beginning of the year for these six or however many years we've been doing it.

We will be recording the new closing up the plug bag theme.

And I will say, we will make sure it is closing up.

Please nail it.

We will.

It will be closing up.

I want it to be short.

It won't be opening.

I want it to be succinct.

It will not be opening.

I want it to be catchy.

I want to have a pre-chorus and a chorus.

Right.

And a verse and a bridge.

Of course.

But we will not.

But still short.

It will be for closing.

Every time we mess up, and we will.

ratio and I beforehand were like, hey, man, we keep doing this stupid thing where by mistake we say opening up the bag.

It will be closing.

That motherfucker.

And I have to say, the previous years, you really nailed it the first year, and people loved it.

And then we switched it up, and we've been doing it every year.

And every year, there's a probably two months, three months where people are like, this is awful.

I need to hear the old one.

Oh, wow.

And then people love it from then on in.

Because someone probably remixes it to make it better.

Someone remixes it, but not only that, you just get used to it.

So I think we're going to do it at the end of the episode, and people are going to hate it for about a month.

But just know you're going to love it in about a month.

That's like anything that you try to do.

Exactly.

Yeah.

So that is going to be coming up a little later.

And we need to take a break now.

But when we come back, I know, Horatio, you have to leave.

So that's too bad.

Oh, Raj, by the way, it was good to see you.

Scott and I love when you come to the show.

It was so good to see you.

And thanks for coming.

Thank you so much.

Have a nice January.

Yeah, man.

Hey, what about February?

That, let's wait a while.

Let's wait a while.

Oh, let's not be too quick.

Let's wait a while.

All right, we will come right back with more Ben Schwartz.

Horatio's got to go.

But we have a very exciting guest coming up after this.

More Comedy Bang Bang right coming up.

Welcome back to Comedy Bang Bang.

I'm here with Ben Schwartz of the upcoming Sonic the Hedgehog movie.

Hey, guys, how is everybody?

And Horatio had to take off.

But it's very exciting because on this show, we like to talk to not only celebrities, but people, just normal people, people of all stars and stripes.

Interesting characters or no?

Interesting fellow humans.

Yeah.

This is interesting.

He's a music collector.

He collects vinyl.

I would imagine that is records.

You know what it is.

But we'll certainly.

You have a room in your house for comic books.

Certainly.

But we'll talk to him about whether he also collects other formats, as in tapes, cassette tapes, cossingles.

Please welcome Piggy Sorbacs.

Hi.

Piggy.

Hey.

Hey, Piggy.

Hey, how are you?

What's up?

How's it going?

Ben Schwartz.

Hey, you know me, Piggy.

I do know you.

Where do you know him from?

From the Zapperstein.

It is a line.

It is interesting.

I'm going to IMDb myself.

He's almost a celebrity, but no one can place him from where.

Did you get that a lot when people see you on the street?

Or are they like?

They said you've been in something.

Hey, you've been in something.

They tell me what?

They go, content?

That's what they say.

They go, content?

They go, cut rate Paul Rudd?

Yeah, that's what they say.

They say B-list Paul Rudd?

He's already on the D-list.

I know, so I'm like a Z.

Piggy.

Hey, Piggy.

Why they call you Piggy, man?

You're pretty slim.

Is that a nickname?

You know, I have a pretty skinny top, but the bottom is pretty big, and people used to call me Pig when I was little.

Oh, OK.

Yeah, you're really skinny up top.

So I said, please call me Piggy.

You said, please call me Piggy.

Because they just would call me Pig, and I thought Piggy's a little nicer.

Wow.

So you put a fun spin on it.

Oh, I have to.

I have to.

An insulting nickname.

You're Forky up top and a fucking big fat bottom?

Forky on top, we'll use the fat word.

Yeah.

Forky on top, Forky on the bottom.

Oh, maybe that's the title of the episode.

Keep going.

Yeah.

Keep going with what?

Necessarily.

So what do you do?

I'm so sorry.

You collect vinyl?

I collect vinyl.

Oh, cool.

Like, uh.

I collect cassettes, cassingles.

12 inchers.

12 inch tapes?

No, ding dongs, of course.

I also collect ding dongs, dildos, as you call them.

I call them ding dongs.

OK.

Famous dildos.

I collect all sorts of dildos.

Famous dildos.

Give us an example of a famous dildo.

Whitney Houston's dildo lives in my house in a glass cage.

Whoa.

Lives?

Are you serious?

In a glass cage.

Does it move?

Are you sure you don't have Bobby Brown's stick in there?

When the batteries are in it.

Jesus Christ.

So Whitney Houston had a special dildo.

Oh, yeah.

I know that her lover just came out and became public.

Is that what her lover used on her?

Her lover used this dildo, yeah.

Wow.

As I understand it.

When I bought it from this certain collector, he showed me a picture of a black vagina.

And I was like, I guess that's it.

You just assumed that was Whitney Houston.

Did it have a dildo in it?

A cracked dildo in a vagina.

Hey, man.

And he said, this is Whitney Houston.

So wait.

Was the crack in there to give you, like, sort of scale, a sense of scale?

Like, how big?

Honestly, I don't know.

It was a weird picture.

I don't think you could be sure it's Whitney Houston.

The other thing is, watching someone who looks like Forky give me this information is disturbing.

Hey, come on.

I don't have a definable waistline, but I got integrity in this business.

So one of my collectors, I don't want you saying things that aren't true about me.

Who is this guy who gave you this picture?

Oh, yeah.

Who's your connect?

Oh.

That's Sonny.

Oh, that's Sonny.

Sonny in Vegas.

Oh, very cool, man.

He's a memorabilia guy?

Uh-huh.

Yeah.

He was one of the OJ guys.

What does that mean, the guy who traded with OJ in that part of the documentary?

He wasn't on the legal team, was he?

He was in Vegas, either trying to trade.

Well, he was stealing his own stuff back.

He was there.

He was with Sonny.

He was a turn to be.

Piggy, you're tied up with bad people, dude.

But he turned to be state's witness, so.

Oh, so Sonny didn't do any time.

Sonny did no time.

No.

OK.

So I mean, this guy, and so he showed me this, and I collect dildos.

I collect vinyl.

Seems like you've gotten away from the music part of it.

Yeah, you're like, how about you wait?

I just need to know this.

How many albums do you have on vinyl, and how many dildos?

Versus dildos.

I just want to see what's the ratio.

Because you've met with vinyl.

What's the Horatio of it?

All right.

Let's say two DJs threw out all their records.

How many records is that?

OK.

I don't know.

It might be 300.

How about 300 records?

How many dildos?

Yeah.

About 117.

You know, some are from the 30s, some are from the 40s.

Yeah, nothing crazy.

So why did you get interested in music?

Porky, Piggy.

Piggy.

Porky on the bottom.

Well, because I dated a girl who used to babysit for Richie Sambora.

And one time, one of the dildos was left.

The guitarist of Bon Jovi?

Yeah, a dildo was left on a glass table one night, and she stole it from me, gave it to me for Christmas.

And ever since then, I just fell in love.

With music?

With, no, dildo.

Oh, with the music?

Yeah, we're talking about the music.

Jesus Christ, Piggy.

I got fat boys.

I got B-sides.

B-sides of what?

Wait, so you collect fat boys and then B-sides of anyone?

No, I got all these.

I got all these.

I got B-sides, 12 inches.

I got club mixes.

Tell us when you're talking about dildos and tell us when you're talking about albums.

I'm talking about albums right now.

OK.

Oh, you are.

So fat boys are the albums, not the dildos.

Not the dildos.

I do have fat boys and dildos, obviously.

OK, you said 12 inch.

You already have his dildos.

We know those as dildos.

You've established that.

Please, let's talk about music, Piggy.

Let's talk about music.

All right, let's talk about music.

Piggy, one, go.

OK.

I got the fat boys.

I got the beastie boys.

You're talking about dildos.

I got the beast boys.

You're talking about dildos.

Talk about music.

Music.

Talk about music, Piggy.

Sidney Lomax would record black people playing music in the 10s and the 20s, and I really like that.

And those are historical documents.

I love those records.

Also, in the Smithsonian, there are a couple of dildos from the 30s that they used to treat period.

Why are we segueing into dildos constantly?

You were advertised to me, and the reason I booked you was because we were supposed to have a nice music discussion here.

Oh, I would love to have a discussion about music.

Scott and I love music.

We love music.

You guys want to talk about vinyl?

Would love to talk about vinyl.

Well, describe what you think vinyl is first.

I collect vinyl where people have died.

So I have a piece of vinyl where Lenny Bruce passed out and pissed himself.

You're talking about a piece of a couch or something like that?

Yeah, I collect vinyl from death houses.

So you don't like music at all?

I got records from a couple of DJs that went out of business.

Why do you have these records?

How did they come into your possession?

Yeah, someone's wife was like, hey, Fatso, get rid of these records.

Your dreams are over.

You're not going to be a DJ.

Is she called you Fatso?

Oh, say, this may have happened to several DJs in my neighborhood who had to give up their records.

And they opted for iPads or something.

Did they pass away?

What actually happened to these DJs?

Well, they both shot each other.

They had a duel like in the Western.

Whoa.

Yeah, because each one was mad about the other one doing too many parties, DJing too many, doing all the DJing.

And so they had a duel.

They had a duel.

They both died.

Like Hamilton, like the musical Hamilton with Burr and Hamilton?

Exactly like that, except.

This was real life.

Both guns was loaded.

Oh, right, Hamilton was fake, you said, right?

Yeah, yeah.

Everything they have in Hamilton you said is fake.

No, that Lin-Manuel, he's such a liar.

And you said the Phantom of the Opera is real.

That shit's real.

How is that real?

You ever see that shit?

There's tunnels underneath everything.

I guess.

In the end, yeah.

What are you doing?

What were you just doing?

I was just making sure my dildos are charged.

You brought some dildos?

Yeah, I brought a couple to show you guys.

I would love to see one.

Is this the fat boy?

Yeah, here's the fat boy.

Let me see the beastie boy.

Blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.

OK, all right.

Take it off the table.

Off the table.

Hee, hee, hee, hee, hee.

Whoa.

I'm holding it now.

OK.

It's a good one.

What do you do with it?

You put it on a butt hole or on a clit.

OK.

All right, let me turn it off.

Turn it off.

Jesus, that thing was enormous.

Yeah, it's like a fire extinguisher.

How did we not notice it when you came in?

Well, I have it in a drill box.

I mean, it's not long.

It's just very fat.

Very fat boy.

But you collect vinyl from where famous people have died?

Yeah, where famous people have died or people have done breakdancing.

Do you know Mariska Hargitay's mom?

I got a piece of vinyl from her kitchen.

From the dash?

Oh.

Yeah, from her kitchen.

I thought she died in the car.

She died in her car.

Yeah, there's no vinyl in the car.

The seats, though, sometimes are made out of vinyl.

It seems like.

I checked.

Sure is.

These were Corinthian leather?

No, Corinthian.

Too bad, because that would have made such perfect sense.

Everything would tie perfect.

Yeah, but unfortunately.

I wish.

Piggy, this is incredible.

Where are you from?

What city are you from?

I'm from Lies.

This seems like something from Lies?

Huh?

Lies?

L-I-E-S?

Yeah, Lies, Montana.

Are you retired?

Are you independently wealthy?

How do you get your money to spend so much of your disposable income on your various hobbies?

I have a very nice job.

What do you do nine to five?

I'm the reality booker for CBS television.

What?

All CBS shows?

All CBS shows.

So Survivor, Big Brother, all of these?

The Big Shabang.

The Big Shabang?

I love that show.

The Late Late Show with James Corden.

Those Amazing Silver Steeds.

What?

You booked that show?

I was on that.

Yeah.

And Big Brother.

Oh, that's how I know you.

So what about Little Brother?

Little Brother, too?

You ever book Little Brother?

I'm booking Little Brother right now.

Are you interested?

What do you look for when you're booking reality contestants?

You look at them, and it's like, do I want to be with these people in bed?

That's it?

Just do I want to have sex with these people?

Or just be in bed with them.

Because that's my directive.

From CBS, when I hire people, I'm like, will they be in bed with you?

Because a lot of reality shows are just people lounging in beds.

I guess.

And so if someone doesn't want to be in a bed with a person, it's game over.

If you're married, no one wants to be with their wives.

And the wives don't want to be with the husbands.

So everybody's looking to get off.

So any show, I'm talking about like, uh.

Everybody's waiting for the first commercial break to go.

Big Bang Theory, Mike and Molly.

They wait for commercial breaks when they're filming the show.

And that's when they have sex with people.

So every commercial break, we see two people from that show.

We can't put it in.

We can't put it on.

It's happening on the show as they tape it live.

They know that they're going to a commercial break.

When we say cut, they start.

I can't believe that's going to happen.

Why are you calling cut on a reality show?

Well, I got to say, Piggy, you started so strong.

Oh, thank you.

But you came in here.

Do you think Piggy will ever come back?

I don't know.

But you came in here with a pack of lies.

You came in here.

With a house of lies.

I came in here with a house of lies.

I don't know what that is.

House of pies.

But you came in here just basically lying to get on the show.

And I don't appreciate that kind of chicanery.

You know what it is?

What?

Piggy, this you're getting serious.

Trump lies all the time.

So I think I should do it.

He's rubbing off on you, Piggy?

Yeah.

This is the problem with that kind of behavior.

Politics, man.

They're going to get to you.

Piggy thinks it's OK.

You know I've always been the progressive.

Oh, Piggy, really?

But I'm not so sure now.

Why, Piggy?

Is this a witch hunt or what?

Piggy, for who?

For Trump?

Yeah.

Oh, you're a big Trump head?

I'm getting there.

OK.

Piggy, you got to take a breath, baby.

Look, Piggy, we don't believe anything you're saying.

You're a compulsive liar.

What's interesting is if you had said, hey, I'm a compulsive liar and I want to be interviewed about that.

Interesting.

Interesting right off the bat.

But all these lies about your dildos, you only own one dildo, isn't that right?

That's right, your honor.

Jesus Christ, Piggy.

And how many records?

And you don't know any DJs.

Don't know any DJs.

Didn't see but any DJs' lives.

Oh my god, Piggy.

You've never even heard a song, have you?

I do own two milk crates of albums that were thrown away in front of old DJs' houses.

That is true.

OK.

Old DJs' houses?

Wait, were the DJs elderly?

Or they were ex-DJs?

One house was old and the DJ was young.

The other, the DJ was old and the house was little.

The specifics doesn't matter.

It's just little.

How tiny?

How tiny was the DJ?

I don't know.

The size of the house is what we were talking about.

Very tiny DJ.

How tiny is a tiny DJ to you?

32 centimeters.

32 centimeters as a DJ?

He's like jockey size at best.

It's like a cup of coffee, actually.

32 centimeters isn't a jockey size.

It's three meters.

It's so small.

Over three meters.

That's very small.

Wow.

No more lies.

So what's your favorite?

Just to bring it out, we need to go to a break.

What's your favorite record out of the two cartons of records that you got from these DJs?

Still Hungry by the Fat Boys.

You're just talking about dildos again.

Get us to a commercial meeting with these guys.

All right.

We need to take a break.

Jesus Christ.

I tried.

Piggy, you got to go.

I tried.

Bye, guys.

Bye, Piggy.

We have someone really interesting coming up after this.

We'll be right back with more Comedy Bang Bang.

Comedy Bang Bang, we're back here, Benchworts.

Hey, you want to talk to me instead of inviting someone else in the room?

Nah, I kind of want to get to our next guest.

Oh, come on, man.

You and I can talk.

We have so much to talk about.

No, thank you.

I'll have you on the show closer to the Sonic the old hedgehog.

Hey, do you think we will do, can you announce it right now that we'll perhaps do a solo bolo?

I'd rather not.

OK.

Solo bolo for Sonic-olo?

Is that the sixth one or those?

I don't even know anymore.

I don't know.

Cinco-lo is the last one.

Cinco-lo is the next one.

We do need to get to our next guest.

He has been on the show several times.

He is the.

I've met him.

I love this guy.

This guy is so great.

I don't know whether he's the grandson or the son.

I can't recall, of Groucho Marx, the famed Marx brother.

I'm the grandson, thank you.

You're the grandson.

Please welcome back to the show Coco Marx.

It's a pleasure to be here.

Hey, Coco.

Hello, Benny.

How are you?

That's great.

Say your secret word, you win $1,000.

OK, porcupine.

That's it.

No.

Wait, is it?

Hey, look it.

Knock, knock.

Who's there?

Mr. Coffee.

Mr. Coffee who?

You're coughing all over there.

Oh, that's funny.

Oh, didn't you just say like that's a joke at the end or something like that?

The end.

The end, yes.

That's how we know to laugh at your joke.

Like my famous, I shot an elephant in my pajamas once.

You've said this one before, buddy.

It turned out to be a real elephant.

Oh, you should have mixed it up.

The end.

And now we know how to laugh.

Because a lot of your jokes aren't necessarily obvious punch lines.

Well, there are a lot of setups from my grandfathers and my uncles and my great uncles.

And so I try to modernize the jokes that I've heard a million times.

Can I give you an old fashioned setup and you can punch it down?

I'd love to hear it.

OK, a chicken crossed the road.

A chicken crossed the road?

Did you guys hear about a chicken crossed the road?

No, I didn't.

There's a pig across the other road.

Let's do a farm.

Let's start a farm.

The end.

Let's start a farm.

I love the on.

Start a zoo.

I love the ingenuity.

If you have two farmyard animals, let's just start a farm.

Farmyard animals.

OK, can I give you another one?

Sure, sure.

What's black and white?

No, I was going to say that.

But I'm afraid he's going to say something racist.

Yeah, that's true.

OK, let's try not to say something racist.

What's green and blue and purple?

Baby Yoda in the mithral in a blender.

Not bad.

The end.

Thank you for the end.

I mean, that's a great joke structure is basically like take two topical things and mash them together.

Yeah, I could try that.

Give me a set up.

I just want to see what it feels like.

Two pop culture things and mash them together, right?

Yeah.

OK, so why did the rabbi walk into the bar?

Because FDR and Kylie Minogue were hanging out.

The end.

The end, yeah.

Was that pop culture enough or no?

I don't know about FDR.

Kylie Minogue is maybe even a good 30 years ago.

Let me give you one.

Ready?

Yeah.

OK, so a rabbi and a priest are in a bar.

They go to the bartender and is like, oh, can I get a drink?

The bartender says?

Says, hey, where's Kylie Minogue?

Where's FDR?

They were in here yesterday.

That's hilarious.

The end.

That's hilarious.

See, that's comedy.

This is fun now.

I love it, Coco.

I love when you come in here because you're a good dude.

You mean well.

What do you do?

What's your nine to five?

Are you a comedian?

I'm a wholesaler.

I sell cell phone cases.

Oh, cool.

Cell phone cases.

The phones, they're always changing.

So I buy a lot of them from China.

And I put a little price on it.

And I put them out and I sell them online.

The end.

You basically described the wholesale experience.

Oh, yeah, the wholesale.

You buy something from China.

You buy something from someone.

And then you sell for a little more.

Sure.

Yeah, you take the risk with the advertising and such.

How did you get into selling cell phone cases?

I mean, did you?

I found myself with a big drug addiction.

What year was this?

This is 2019.

2018, the end of it.

OK.

Yeah, pretty much 2019.

OK.

All the way up through the beginning of January?

I found myself at the business end of a drug selling conviction.

Stop saying business.

How does one find oneself at the business end of a conviction?

Meaning you were sentenced.

I was sentenced.

I was sentenced to one year, one year, and then probation.

Oh, so you, OK.

I had to rat out a lot of people.

How many people, how many people, yeah, and for what?

For selling me cocaine.

So you were a, you sang like a canary.

Oh, yeah.

You're a snitch.

Can we hear a little bit?

Do, do, do, do, do, do, do.

Cool.

All right, keep going, Scott.

So you snitched out some of your drug friends and you only got one year.

I only got one year.

Do you believe it?

How many years were you supposed to, I mean?

Well, if I hadn't rat anybody out, I'd probably be facing five years.

Oh, wow.

But you were on the business end of ratting out people?

I got on the business end of ratting people out.

Certainly, I got a better sense than those guys.

What was prison like?

I haven't talked to you in so long.

It doesn't surprise me you haven't been on the show.

Prison's a lot of fun.

We saw, we play poker with cigarettes and everything like this.

Oh my god.

So is it like Oz or is it like Orange is the New Black?

No, it's like Popeye.

Popeye the Sailor Man?

We all just lift weights and, you know, sometimes the bigger guys get into a fight and then we all laugh.

Is that what you think Popeye is?

You think Popeye is from jail?

He's just lifting weights?

You think that's why he has tattoos on his arms?

Are you guys laughing with each other?

Two guys behind bars, lifting weights, slapping each other around, eating spinach.

No, there's no, that's not what Popeye is.

One of them is obviously white.

The other one's Puerto Rican.

Why are you saying that?

I don't think that you know Popeye is.

I imagine Popeye is in the Aryan Nation, the other one's in the Land Kings.

No, Popeye is not in the Aryan Nation.

It's just like that.

It's a lot of fun.

It's fun.

And then the warden smacks a sausage around in the bars to get us hungry.

That is a baton.

That's not a sausage.

Did you think it was a sausage?

Did you eat the baton?

It's hard to see in there.

It's all black and white.

Did you eat the baton?

I did, I ate the baton.

So every time the warden would come by and slap his baton against, you thought it was a sausage and your mouth was watering?

Yeah, I did.

I got four extra months just for eating all those batons.

Jesus, yeah, those are their tools to tell people to get back.

Well, you get so hungry, it start looking like sausages.

Is that how you got out, by the way?

Just by the head, no more weapons to hold you back?

You ate all the goddamn sausages?

They said, get the hell out of here.

You're eating the keys now.

Yeah.

That's how I started eating the keys.

So they're just like, you gotta leave.

I was out of my mind.

What do you think those were?

If a baton's a sausage, what do you think a key was?

Pop rocks, it got some gum, I don't know.

I was ripping them off their trousers faster than you can say, snow white.

I can say snow white really quickly.

Go, go Scott.

Snow white.

And the keys are gone.

Oh no, you ate my keys.

How am I supposed to get into my house?

Let me try, let me try.

Snow white.

No, the keys are gone.

We're locked out now.

We can't get out, I can't get in my house and Scott can't get in here.

You guys are a couple of nickel age, aren't you?

I'm gonna call the cops.

Keys, the keys.

I'm gonna call the cops.

Snow white.

Get your keys back.

Snow white.

You're throwing them up right now.

Oh, Jesus Christ, cocoa.

You're different than I remember.

Cocoa, yeah, you've been hardened since your time in the joint.

Plastic pickles.

Plastic pickles for the fresh taste of a classic pickle.

No, that's the best damn pickle I ever had.

Remember that?

No, that's the best damn pickle I ever had.

You're from the family, you're from the Marx family.

Did they just rip off his whole cadence or did he actually do the VO recordings for that plastic pickle commercial?

He didn't, he didn't get a penny for that.

Wow.

And it was his personification, his whole character.

His whole thing.

And he died before he could sue.

Which is unfortunate.

And his family, you guys didn't want to sue for him, huh?

The estate.

Nah.

Are you guys into cigars too or no?

Yeah, yeah, we like cigars.

We don't like chasing women around.

Do you have siblings?

Because we've only spoken to you out of the whole Marx family.

I'm cocoa.

I know, do you have two brothers?

Do you have a brother, Ice-T?

That's funny.

Ice-T Marx?

Yeah.

That's a good one.

You can use that, feel free.

Maybe I'll use you.

Okay.

Next time I do my show in Branson.

On Branson?

No, I'm the...

Franklin and Branson?

Branson, Missouri.

Oh, Branson, Missouri.

You've done a one man show?

I did, I did.

What is it called, how do you do it?

It's called Coco Marx Does Groucho Marx Lines From the Television Show You Bet Your Life.

Oh, wow.

Wow.

So it's just basically me reading transcripts.

Can I hear?

That'd be amazing.

At least I'd feel like he's almost in the room with us.

Do you want to read one of these transcripts?

Here, we have one of the transcripts here.

There you go.

Yeah, okay.

So I'll play contestant one.

Okay, and I'll play contestant two.

Okay.

All right, James Franklin.

Nice to see you.

Hey, it's great to be here.

Since you're the tallest man in the world, is that right?

Yeah, I'm taller than that tall woman who was nine feet.

Isn't that something?

You guys should hook up or something.

Oh, God, the crowd is going crazy.

You also do the crowd noises.

The Foley work?

Very good, we'll get back to you later.

Okay.

And now you're a very nice young lady.

Hey.

Where are you from, huh?

The transcript says my name is Susan Rupps and I'm from Montana, New Jersey.

You probably don't get a lot of action in Montana.

I don't have a lot of friends.

I'm currently single, yes.

I don't know if that's what you're asking.

I once dated a cow from Montana.

What do you mean?

I fucked a cow.

Hey, let's get back to you.

Wait, why am I doing the Foley work now?

Wait, people are laughing at that?

Okay, let's play the game.

How do you play?

All right, back to James Franklin.

Back to James Franklin.

Wait, why do you play the game?

All right, I'm gonna ask you a few questions.

You say a secret word, you get a million dollars.

All right.

Okay.

Susan.

Yes.

Are you ready?

Yes.

Susan Youps.

The Chrysler Building is longer underneath than it is above ground.

Okay.

True or false?

False.

It would be literally impossible for it to be that deep.

True.

Every building in New York is at least the same height as it is above ground as it is below ground.

It's like an iceberg where the height, what's above the ground is smaller than what's below?

Always.

What's below ground is always a little bit taller so it doesn't tip over.

Hi, Groucho, can I say something?

Is this?

This is just the transcript.

Can I say something, Groucho?

You don't look well.

Oh yeah, my transcript doesn't look well.

When you were talking about that below ground part of it, you started sweating, you have like jaundice, you've turned yellow, is everything all right?

All right, let's get back to the show.

Okay, I'm feeling a little dizzy.

I'm seeing two of you.

Yeah, you're barely standing up now.

No, there are two of us.

There's Susan and myself.

Oh my God, I'm about to.

What's wrong?

I'm about to pass out.

Groucho, what's wrong?

Someone call 911!

Does that exist?

I'm dying, I didn't even get to sue those bastards at Vlastic Pickles.

He's dying right in front of us!

Please, family, sue Vlastic Pickles.

That's my only wish.

Oh my God, you brought the transcript when Groucho died?

The famous time when Groucho died on camera?

Wait, read the last thing.

Oh sorry, these last two words.

The end.

And that's how you got your catchphrase?

That's how I got my catchphrase.

From your grandfather's dying transcripts?

Wow.

Wow, incredible.

And so you do a whole show in Branson, Missouri of just reading your grandfather's death?

That's crazy.

That's so, it's gotta be hard.

Do you do all the Foley work?

I do a lot of all the hard work.

I read all three newspapers that were out the day he died in Los Angeles.

So they were out the day he died, meaning they hadn't picked up the story yet?

Not yet.

So what are these newspaper articles?

I just said, hey, these were the stories that Groucho last saw.

Oh yeah, that's a big deal.

I could do that with a lot of different stories too.

Yeah, that's amazing, dude.

I gotta pee really bad.

So do I!

You guys talk while I pee.

Oh my God, Goku just took off.

Hey man, I gotta ask you a question.

You have all these people just come in all the time.

I don't know who books the show.

That's insane.

It's insane, you know, this show started off.

Oh, we're by ourselves.

We can talk about stuff I wanna talk about now.

Oh, no thanks.

No, please, now is the perfect time.

The show started off.

DuckTales is coming out.

The show started off, I was talking to Rob Hubel and Tom Leno.

I have a different animated show coming out next year.

And they were both just like.

Which I think people will enjoy.

They're both real people and real entertainers.

Sonic is gonna be very exciting.

Really looking out for that.

And then slowly over the past 11 years almost, it's just the show is disintegrated.

I think the improv special that Thomas Middleditch and I did.

I think we'll be a bit.

Into just like.

Well, hopefully we'll care about it.

Talking about bizarre people with odd jobs.

Because for me it's like a really big step to take long form improv out of a black box theater.

And then they just go to the bathroom in the middle of the episode.

I don't quite understand what's going on.

We hope it translates and people really want it.

We gotta make sure that the booking process has to change into 2020.

Go to middleditchandsports.com.

You're gonna see everything.

The booking process has to improve because this is just.

Thank you for having me on by the way so I could talk about all that stuff.

Oh yeah, no problem.

Oh, okay, oh he went through the wrong door.

He didn't even go to the bathroom?

Did you go to the bathroom?

Yeah.

I have to go to the bathroom too.

I did, it's very good.

I left it nice and I left it for you.

So Coco, I mean, I think 2020.

First of all the Marx Brothers were around in the 1920s.

This is the centennial.

Wow.

Of the Marx Brothers.

Hundred years.

What are you doing to celebrate?

Hundred years.

We're doing, well, coconuts.

You're doing coconuts?

Coconuts came out in 1929.

Right.

♪ I've got a lovely bunch of coconuts ♪ ♪ Do do do do do do ♪ So it's the 90th anniversary.

91st, but yeah.

Jesus, Scott, let him have this.

Christ.

Well, it's been a little lax in preparing.

Yeah, but still, Scott doesn't have to be so mean.

Right, sorry, sorry.

Thank you, Scott.

It's a little bit late, but the 90th anniversary.

So we've rented a little theater.

Wow.

How little?

It's a 100 seat house.

Oh, cool.

UCBN Franklin, or something like that.

So it's not like a one seater, like a bathroom or anything.

Are you playing a bathroom?

100 bathrooms?

We are playing in bathrooms at, these bathrooms.

You okay?

You're starting to sweat.

You started sweating like your grandfather in that transcript.

Coco came back from the bathroom drenched.

It doesn't look like he peed anywhere, but it looks like you lost control of your dick and you just peed on yourself.

What is going on, Coco?

What's wrong, Coco?

I shot a TikTok in there.

You shot it, the popular social media thing, TikTok?

Yeah, I shot a TikTok in there.

You shot a TikTok.

That's why you left?

Yeah.

You left to shoot a TikTok video?

Coco Marx left to shoot a TikTok?

What?

You're in the middle of an interview with us.

You can't go shooting TikTok videos.

Commercial break, man.

I don't do a TikTok.

What was it?

What was the TikTok?

You don't have to do a TikTok.

It was me standing on my hands, pissing down my face.

Okay, Coco.

All right, well, I know you gotta go.

It's a shame you have to go.

We love you so much, but I know your time is short and you came in here with those preconditions of I can only do a set amount of time.

I know, I know, thank you.

It's always hard.

I know that you said at a certain second you were just gonna drop everything.

You were just gonna storm out of the room.

All right, TikTok.

And do another TikTok.

Yeah, just don't put us up on TikTok.

That's all I ask.

Too late.

All right, Coco.

I put you guys up on TikTok.

You don't even know what it's called anymore?

You call it a TikTok?

TikTok.

Oh my God, are you filming yourself on a TikTok container?

Are you just taking a tiny little container and shaking it?

That's not a phone.

This is a smartphone, no?

No, it's not.

Someone told me it was a translucent smartphone with little white balls in it.

You sell smartphone cases.

How do you not know this?

I thought this was more of like a palm situation.

No.

Just an extra phone, not your primary.

Oh, Coco.

All right, see you, buddy.

No wonder my hearing's so minty.

The end.

See ya.

All right, see you, Coco.

Bye, Coco.

What a guy.

What a cool dude.

Hey, Horatio, you're back.

Yeah, I'm back.

Let's do this.

I have to pee.

I'm not allowed to pee?

You're not allowed to pee, no.

We're closing it up.

We're coming up just at the end of the show and you know what that means.

I know, but if I have to pee, I'm afraid I'm gonna make the wrong decision when I sing this song.

I hope you won't because six years we've been doing this and we need- Six years, 500, two, five, 600, and six years.

This is not part of it.

Okay.

All right, so now, Whoa, whoa, whoa.

I get confused sometimes.

The, what we're, I'm just hyping that at the end of plugs, you guys are going to be recording the new closing up the plug bag theme.

Yes.

But before we do that, let's open up the plug bag with this now plug song that we are going to hear now.

Here we go.

♪ I've had some plugs today ♪ ♪ Plugs ♪ ♪ Plugs ♪ ♪ I've had some plugs today ♪ ♪ Plugs ♪ ♪ Plugs ♪ ♪ Plugs ♪ ♪ Plugs ♪ ♪ Plugs ♪ Wow.

Beautiful.

Yeah, very beautiful.

I love the slow fade out. Really nice.

Nice, short and sweet.

That was plugs today by Brian B.

At SS, nice shirt.

I wonder if it's Brian Boitano.

Is it?

Could be.

What would Brian Boitano do?

Could be, I don't know.

Thanks to Brian B.

He's having a timing board.

Yeah, if you have a plugs theme, go ahead and send that over to the, your Wolf message boards and we'll play it.

And what are we plugging here guys?

Ben, you have something you want to plug?

Here we are.

It is January, so I'm going to plug.

Only January things, only plug January things.

Well, Sonic comes out February, but also.

No, January things.

I want to talk about standing up, falling down as a movie.

I do a Billy crystal that comes out in February.

That's a February thing.

January, I don't know if I have anything coming out.

Oh, we're doing, oh, Middle Ditch and Schwartz is touring in January.

We're going to.

There you go baby.

We're going to the Met in Philadelphia.

And then we're going to three other locations.

If you look at middleditchandshorts.com.

Incredible.

No better time at the theater.

No, people are saying that's the quote.

No better time at the theater.

Incredible.

Go see Middle Ditch and Schwartz.

All right, Horatio, what do you want to plug here?

I'm just going to plug Black Monday 2.

Oh yeah, good.

Second season of Black Monday.

What does that come out with Don Cheadle from House of Lies?

Can you give us.

That comes out January something.

January, so coming up.

Coming January.

Wow.

Showtime, Showtime.

Showtime baby.

Incredible.

What about you, Scott?

I have nothing really.

I, you know, listened to the best ofs that came out the past couple of weeks of this show.

And you can always watch the between two ferns movie.

Oh yeah, watch that.

It's very good.

Thank you very much, Benny.

And.

Are you going to do another movie?

I don't know.

I don't know what I'm going to do.

You want to do a movie with me?

A specter of retirement always looms.

I can't imagine you to retire now.

You would have retired a long time ago.

I would have if I could have.

All right guys.

So we've done all of our plugs.

You know what that means?

Time to pee, please let me pee.

No, no, it's time to finally do it.

My toes are sweating.

It's time to finally do it.

This is the year we're going to get it right.

It's time to finally.

We're going to close it up.

Close up the old plug bag, the new closing up the plug bag theme.

Here we go.

You start with a C when you want to close it up.

You lead with an L and then you open up the plug bag.

Open up the plug bag.

Take your hands and open it up.

Then Horatio comes in and he just says.

♪ Been loading all our lives in the days of paradise ♪ ♪ Been standing all our lives in the days of paradise ♪ ♪ Open up the plug bag and open up that plug bag ♪ ♪ Open up the plug bag and let's get some pluggy plugs ♪ ♪ Open up the plug bag ♪ ♪ Open up the plug bag ♪ ♪ Everybody wants to open up the plug bag ♪ ♪ Just keep it fucking open up the plug ♪ ♪ Open up the plug ♪ ♪ Open up the plug ♪ ♪ Open up the plug ♪ ♪ Open it up ♪ Okay.

Did we close it?

You know, I gotta say you started with, it really tricked me into thinking you were closing it up because you said C and then L, then O, and I think your brain tricked you into then saying open because of the O.

Oh shit, I was on a runner's high.

Yeah, and then weirdly enough, it went into gangster's paradise.

Did it?

I didn't even remember that.

Who did that?

I think we're gonna get sued for this.

Probably.

I think Coolio's gonna get mad at us.

The Kool-Aid guy's gonna sue us?

Yeah, he's gonna burst in here.

Oh yeah.

Oh no, here he is, shit.

Oh yeah.

Oh no, Mr. Cool-Aid.

Oh no, that's Hulk Hogan, that's Hulk Hogan.

It's Hulk Hogan.

Hey, my little brother, speed Kool-Aid man.

Hey, we're Hulkamaniacs.

We are Hulkamaniacs.

We have the fever.

Oh no, Hulkamaniacs.

Oh, he's walking backwards through the wall retreating.

Oh no, bye.

Goodbye, whoa, that was close.

Bye, Aziz.

That was a close call.

Oh my God, well guys, I gotta thank you so much for being on the show again.

I mean, I know a new year, it's hard to fit these things in, but it means the world to me that you guys come every year and do this. We love you.

And the people love you.

I mean, the people love.

We'll see.

People are pretty split on solo bowlers.

That's okay, let them be split.

What's better than when you go bowling and you get a nice split?

Oh yeah, that's why you go bowling, to get those splits.

They're beautiful.

That satisfying split.

They're beautiful.

Oh my God, they're so symmetrical oftentimes.

Yeah, and Horatio, you're part of the Star Wars universe.

Congrats on the Mandalorian.

Thank you guys.

Incredible.

Do you have other?

Please buy my action figures.

Yeah, definitely.

I hope there is one.

Boba Fett's brother.

Boba Fett's brother, Johnny Depp.

It's gonna be a blue action figure with a little helmet that you can put on it.

Oh, very cool.

You can put the helmet on it.

Really?

Wow.

Put a helmet on it.

Oh, wow.

Put a helmet on it, everybody.

That's great advice though, by the way.

Put a helmet on it.

Yeah, youngsters.

You don't want these diseases.

Put a helmet on it.

Put a helmet on it, guys.

Let me tell all my little brothers and sisters out there, just like I tell a Mandalorian.

Put a helmet on it.

We don't need no little Mandalorians.

We don't need no baby Yodas coming out.

Right.

Just put a helmet on it.

Put a helmet on it, y'all.

Happy 2020, put a helmet on it.

Put a helmet on it, all right, guys, we'll see you next year.

See you soon.

And we'll see you guys.

See you, thanks, bye.
