♪ Comedy Bang Bang ♪ Bros before hoes except after C. Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

Aha! Thank you to Alan P. Williams for that wonderful catchphrase submission, and welcome to Comedy Bang Bang for another week. And what a week it is! Let me just tell you what we have on tap this week. This is Medical Police Week! That's right, two episodes with the stars and cre- well, I don't even know if that's his title, but at least a producer on it of Medical Police, the hot new Netflix content. We will be having a bonus episode this week with the stars, but before we get to that, we have an episode today that you're listening to right now with the- I don't even know if he's the creator, we'll cover all of this coming up. But a little bit later we have a small business owner and we also have a lawyer we'll be talking to, but oh, I hyped him so hard just moments ago. He- I believe he's the creator of the show, but I could be very wrong. I bel- I- all evidence points to him being some sort of executive producer of the show, but I could be way off base. By gum, I think he might have directed an episode or two, but he might be too busy for that. But welcome him back to the show, it's another episode of Wayne Scotting. That's right, David Wayne is back on the show. Hello, David.

Scott, it's great to be here.

I know.

I'm telling you, the hype that you lay down before I- come on, makes me feel like I'm in a zone of acceptance by your audience. That is so high. Like, I could be okay and I will sound great.

This bubble extends outward to our entire audience and they are just welcoming you. It's almost like a warm embrace. It's like a tender, loving hug, which I know we're not supposed to do in Hollywood these days, but I think that that's what we should do right now, you and me.

But I don't want to break Hollywood's rules.

Come on, just hug me.

I think maybe in a year it'll be cool.

No, come here.

Oh, God. I forgot how good you are at hugging.

Ah, there we are.

Now I remember.

Yep.

Speaking of memory, I have to tell you- Great segue.

We were sitting here in the- just to get- I'd like to give your audience a little slice if I could, and I think they would appreciate it, so I'm going to do it.

Look, when I go to New York, I get a slice. Why shouldn't you give our audience a slice? Am I right?

This is what I'm doing. Now that's the- anyway, we come into the studio to do the show and what people don't know, maybe who listen to the podcast but aren't part of the inner circle- Yeah, the inner sanctum.

You show up at the- at where the studio is.

A prescribed time and a prescribed place. Certainly those two elements are there.

Without the time and place, there's no way I would have been here right now.

How would you have even have known?

And you come in and you're sitting at this- it's a table with microphones. People have probably seen photos of it if you're a fan of the show.

If you're a fan of the show, you may have been on some website that has shown a single photograph, if not two.

Or maybe you've been on the show if you've also- if you're also on the show.

Sure, yes. Open door policy. If you just started listening to the show with the best ofs, we have an open door policy here. Anyone can come in and be on the show.

But you can come into this- this environment. Maybe you've had a bad day, maybe you're tired.

I, for example, have a very, very bad flu and a high fever- The influenza?

Yeah, and I also have a heart- a heart- You're having a heart attack?

I have- I'm having a heart attack.

You're having a heart attack right now?

I had it probably 20 minutes ago.

Do we need to call someone or do we- No, no, I- I'm- there's an ambulance outside. I asked them to stop because I had the appointment to do the show. I always- Do they charge you more while they- while you keep them waiting?

I don't know that I get the bill because it's always so much later, and then I always usually have my lawyer look at it first.

Oh, and you've skipped out?

Yeah, and I say give it to my publicist and all that.

Oh, okay. The whole run around. So I'm sorry, so are you- are you in pain at all?

Yeah, a lot of pain.

They're rushing me to the hospital to see what's going on.

They're rushing you after you do a leisurely hour plus podcast.

Well, we're- we're mid-rush. I had to just stop here because I- You came from another place?

I made a commitment to the show.

It matters to me. It- commitments matter.

Where were you when you had this heart attack?

I was at a pizza- a pizzeria.

Oh, wait, this wasn't in New York City, was it?

Yep, it was Brooklyn Pizza.

What? So you were going- you had the ambulance drive you all the way from New York?

Well, they said, where do you live? I said, I live in Los Angeles. And they're like, okay, we'll get you to your local hospital.

What?

Yeah, and so they drove me- But the heart attack started 20 minutes ago?

Yes, they have a- they- you know- What did you call the ambulance for originally?

You know, it's the Concord Ambulance.

Oh, just like Phil Collins took.

Yes, exactly. For Live Aid. Everyone will understand that.

Everyone knows that reference.

So the point that I'm getting to- Yes.

Is that you're here as- obviously based on what we just got.

I'm a little distracted with the- Sure.

But I hear that theme music. Comedy bang bang.

Reggie Watts.

Comedy bang bang. Reggie Watts. It's- that sound is- Watts comma Reggie.

Unmistakable.

It is definitely- if you were to hear that song, you would say- unless you've never heard the song before, you would say that is the theme song to Comedy Bang Bang.

Exactly.

Yes.

So then suddenly, whatever else I'm thinking about, I don't care. I'm here. It's the- You're sweating a lot.

It's a moment.

You are pale. You look at death's door.

Yep, but you play that music and I feel like I'm in.

You don't look like you're in. You should not be doing what you're doing right now.

But I feel it because of the music.

All right. Welcome, David Wain.

Thank you.

Let's talk about Medical Police. Let's tick off all the boxes of- if I were to go onto the internetmoviedatabase.com, were I to traverse the web onto that particular website?

I didn't know that IMDb has a website now.

They do.

That's awesome.

They originally started as word of mouth.

Well, I'd love to check it out. If you could give me the URL, I'm going to- I believe it's internetmoviedatabase.com.

I got it.

If you were to go over there and check out your particular page, which I would imagine- it's hard to get there without using the search function first, because I would imagine it's like internetmoviedatabase.com slash equals search equals percentage mark 6 8 5 9 2 David plus Wain, something to that effect.

Perhaps you could put that info in the notes for the podcast listeners so they could go have a- So they can look at one picture of this studio without us in it and then- And check out my IMDb.

Your IMDb page. But were I to go there, what duties could I say that you performed upon this wonderful piece of content?

This is streaming content.

Medical police starting Friday on Netflix.

Well, of course it's already up, my dear boy.

In the old days, they used to call it a television show.

Yes.

We call it a piece of streaming content product.

It's a real P O S. Streaming content. Is it not?

I am one of the four co-creators of this show.

Bravo.

I am one of the two directors of the 10 episode- Who's that other director? Is it Marty?

It's a great guy named Bill Benz, who you've perhaps crossed paths with over the years.

I don't believe I've ever crossed paths with him and I hope I never do.

In this case, you'd be smart not to.

Yes.

And I have a small cameo role, but I also am one of the writers of the show, of course.

A small cameo role. Are you portraying the part that you played in- Now, this is a spinoff of Children's Hospital or an ersatz spinoff.

This is in the same universe.

With the same characters and the same people and the same- It is a sequel of sorts to the saga of Children's Hospital.

But you don't have the rights to it, so you can't say it's a real- We do have the rights to it. It is- Really?

It is literally the continuation- So you're not some sort of scofflaw here with the rights to Children's Hospital?

You're going to go with your $50 words. All I'm going to say is this is a continuation of Children's Hospital, the Adult Swim Emmy Award-winning seven-season thing that we did.

Yeah, right.

I was going to say a better word like Joggernaut.

Joggernaut or Juggernaut?

And I love how you're taking a sip of your tea as if you scored so hard with Juggernaut you have to wait for the applause to die down.

Everyone take that one in. I said Juggernaut. Just let it lie. Let it land.

No, so I do need to- I want- I need- You need to get this out.

You and the other people should know this. If you ever heard of or saw Children's Hospital, this is the continuation of that. But if you haven't, it doesn't matter. It's a new thing.

It's a half-hour action comedy, crazy, incredible series on Netflix.

You have to check your notes there as to what it was like.

It was on.

Well, we had different ideas like- On pause.

Was it going to be on PBS? Was it going to be on Netflix?

Oh yeah. Was it going to follow the MacNeil-Lehrer News Hour?

Just to tell you some of the cast people on the show.

Oh yeah. And I'll tell you if we're having any of these people on the show for what we're dubbing Medical Police Week here at Comedy Bang Bang.

And also President Trump has said it's Medical Police Week nationwide.

That's right. Nationwide, yes.

And he's going to take off all of next week in honor of Medical Police.

Oh, how nice of him. Okay.

We have Aaron Hayes and Rob Hubel.

Those two are going to be on this show. Would you believe it if I told you that?

And you're lucky for it because they're fabulous.

Yes. Let me ask you, because I don't believe I can ask them this.

Why just them? Was it sort of like, let's get rid of all the troublemakers on Children's Hospital?

We didn't get rid of the troublemakers.

What?

They are still surrounded by the original cast Lake Bell, Malin Ackerman, Ken Marino, Brian Husky, Beth Dover.

Rob Corddry.

Rob Corddry, John Hamm.

But surely not on every episode.

Henry Winkler, Zandy Hardick. They're all there. Not on every episode.

See, this is what I'm talking about.

This is the idea. No, it's a new story.

Oh, come on in here, Rob. Can you shoot something for 15 minutes?

Rob Corddry was also one of the co-creators because he was the creator of Children's Hospital.

The devil you say.

And so we, the same team brought into this new series, bigger, better, crazier.

It takes place in like 15 different countries.

Whoa.

It's like a globe trotting Mission Impossible.

How many countries did you actually shoot it in?

We shot it in two countries, actually. We shot in Croatia.

Oh.

And in Los Angeles. But the story takes place in Germany, Brazil, New Hampshire, Italy, Sudan, Georgia, France, Denmark, Florida, Latvia, California, Bhutan, and China.

Wow. This is incredible. And so many places to put into that final draft.

That was the best part was typing the things into final draft.

And then also we had another type into final draft.

And then you type it, you copy up, paste from final draft into the editing software.

Oh yeah.

The letters go on screen. It says Bhutan.

Bhutan. Oh, that's so thrilling. And there's a little chiron down at the bottom of the screen.

Just says Bhutan.

Yeah.

And then suddenly you're in Bhutan.

If you want, if you're curious about this, it's www.Netflix.com and then find medical police.

And then look up Bhutan as well.

And look up Bhutan as well.

Just go to Google.com and then enter Bhutan.

By the way, it's not just the original cast of Children's Hospital.

What?

We, oh my goodness.

Are you reading a press release?

I am not. I'm just, this is just something that I'm thinking about.

Let me just say this. If I had nothing to do with this show and you are my own brother, I would give you the same advice.

You would still bug me to come on the show to promote this?

I would. I absolutely would.

At six o'clock at night, the latest we've ever done a show?

Because I'm a fan of the product. I use it myself.

What?

Yes.

You're also a member?

So much so I bought the company. Can I tell you, Jason Schwartzman is one of the main characters.

What? What a delightful man.

Fred Melamed. Saryu Blue. We've, I mean, it's like.

Start talking about people people care about though.

If you don't care.

Fred Melamed.

Melamed?

You know him from Saryu.

I'm sure I do, but who gives a shit? Come on, give me the big stars.

Well, I told you.

Yeah, you already told me.

Yeah, yeah. You told me the people all, yeah. But then you were like.

Henry Winkler. He just won an Emmy.

But these are all the people who used to be on the show.

Then you were like, not only that, but we have Fred Melamed.

I mean, Fred Melamed's great. Don't get me wrong, but like.

It's quit while you're ahead.

Jason Schwartzman.

OK, stop it. Jason Schwartzman.

How about Tom Cruise?

Holy shit. Tom Cruise is in this?

How about Tom Cruise, only in Ardukapio? Now you feel like shit, don't you?

I feel I'm sorry.

Leave.

You want me to go?

I'll take over. All right. This is Comedy Bang Bang.

Oh, shit. Come back, please. Come back.

OK, I'm back. OK, I knew you couldn't do it.

Oh, my God. I choked.

Can I ask you a real question about this show?

Yeah.

Why is it not called DRPD?

DRPD?

Dr. PD. Medical Police.

Because we assume the Internet will take up that mantle.

Oh, OK. You think that it's.

We want them to feel like it's organic.

OK, great.

When they do.

But you're going to start planting this in little places?

Yeah, like.

I wonder why you asked me to ask you this.

Right.

What I do is I go to ski places and then I like pee in the snow, DRPD.

OK.

And then people are like, oh, that's organic, but that does remind me of medical.

Please.

It truly is. It's the definition of organic.

I believe P is organic, is it not?

I could look it up.

But why bother?

Well, let's bother.

All right. Let's look it up.

All right. Let's ask Siri.

Siri, is P organic?

Here's what I found.

She doesn't say anything, by the way, anymore.

She just says, here's what I found.

I want her to tell me.

I think what she meant is this is what I have found.

Yes.

You know what? Urine is a liquid byproduct of metabolism in humans and in many animals.

So there's your answer.

There's your answer.

You know, I'm I know I'm not a vegetarian, but I'm vegetarian ish.

OK.

Like I'll eat chicken and fish.

Sure. And beef and pork and not every most every day.

Three times a day, maybe three, three times.

But not for fourth meal.

Sometimes. Well, for fourth meal or snack, which is it?

OK. All right, David.

That's the Fred Melman of jokes.

You should have just stopped a little bit earlier.

He's a great actor.

He's no, he's wonderful.

But I don't know why you got to bring him in here into the conversation.

I wanted to bring him into it.

OK, so this is by the way, this is out already on it just came out on Friday.

Yes.

And it has already been certified a hit.

It is certified fresh. You hoping to get reviews?

Nothing is reviewed anymore.

Have you noticed that?

Like you put out a TV show and people are like, oh, that might have come out, but nothing ever.

You know what I'm saying?

Well, since we are one of seven or eight new series debate debuted on Netflix on Friday.

Debut. That's a hard word to say, isn't it?

Debut.

It is a hard word to say.

And yet we have to say it all the time because we have so much stuff coming out.

Especially because when you say debuted, it's spelled debuted.

Debuted.

Das boot.

And I wish they would just say it debuted.

David, what else do you have on the horizon?

If we can talk about the horizon, are you comfortable with the subject matter or.

Right now we have in the in the hopper, this thing, the 80 miles and I'm making a daily sitcom.

Yes, I've I talked to him about this.

It sounds fascinating, but have you announced it?

Is it in the pilot phase?

So OK, people who read the trades know this is an exciting phase when the possibilities are endless.

It could either be made or not be made.

Yeah, but it's not worth most likely not be made.

It's possible no one will ever see it.

Sure. Well, that's wonderful.

But let's check out what you can see, which is Medical Police, which is currently on Netflix.

You can see it right now.

We will also be talking to the look, the real heroes of Medical Police.

Two of its stars, Rob and Aaron, will be talking to them a little bit later this week.

But David, can you pause mid heart attack?

Are you OK to welcome another guest onto the show?

I'd love to stick around and see what happens.

OK, great.

Our next guest is a small business owner and they have been on the show before.

Oh, yes.

Please welcome back to the show.

Entrepenuer.

How you doing, Scott?

I'm doing really well.

How are you?

I'm all right.

A little perturbed.

This is David Wayne, by the way.

Hi, David.

Nice to see you.

David Lil Wayne.

Entrepenuer.

Has anyone ever called you that?

David Lil Wayne.

I love it.

Can that be my new moniker?

Yes.

Do you rap?

I of course.

Do you have a little penis?

I got a little penis.

Scott, have you seen Lil Wayne's dick?

Have I seen Lil Wayne's dick?

I'm presuming.

Why would you call the press?

Why would you call yourself Lil anything unless you had a little dick and you were proud of it?

Maybe it's a stature thing.

Lil Bow Wow.

Little dick.

You've seen all these dicks.

You saw my dick in the locker room before we started recording.

That's right.

We have a locker room here where we all shower before the show and we change.

And a lot of times we take a steam and sometimes we'll be doing the show just in towels.

Today we were wearing a, you're branded by Nike.

I can tell you have the swoosh everywhere.

Scott's wearing a robe, but his dick is poking out.

Look, that's look.

I know that with Weinstein and all that, he's finally on trial.

But give me something.

I can't change that quickly.

That's okay, Scott.

I'm not holding it against you.

Just want your listeners to know how you work.

I like to hold it against you.

Okay.

How are you, entree?

Okay.

Do you Scott?

I'm not interested in relations.

You're not.

You said you had a bone to pick with me.

Speaking of bones, bones, another bone, a different David Borean, a different bone to pick.

I don't think you want your bone picked.

Do you think David Borean is anyone ever on the set of bones from, Oh yes.

From anyone ever went up to him and said, I got a bone to pick with you.

And then they laughed and they high five David take this one.

I thought that was your new nickname for me.

David Borean.

For moments there.

I did as well.

David Borean Wayness.

Hey, wait a minute.

This is your chance.

Too close to comfort.

I'm the one with the small dick.

Oops.

Oh no.

Hi, entree.

Hi.

You know, Scott, my bone to pick with you that you called me a small business owner.

I'm not a business owner.

I'm an inventor.

You are an inventor.

I'm sorry.

You have never, you don't have a small business where you have the capital in order to make these ideas.

You need the capital and David Wayne, by the way, a lot of passive income from his various projects.

I do a lot of seeding financial seed money that I put in escrow until you, yeah, you basically like mature a few seeds, watch these babies grow.

But if you have something to pitch, I'd be willing to put in a couple of million dollars to hear the pitch.

Okay.

Just to hear the pitch.

I have lost a lot of money this way.

I typically accept Bitcoin, but I will take a couple million.

I will take a couple million.

Now we're talking to it's going to take me just a little bit to put together the cash.

That's a lot of money.

You have a lot of, uh, you have, like we mentioned, passive income, but you're not really entirely liquid.

You were telling me aggressive income.

I don't know that I'm that liquid.

I do.

I have certain.

I have hobbies, but go on.

Okay.

Now, Andre, I should warn you, David, that Andre has been on the show before.

Okay.

And Andre tends to require warning.

What did you just say?

Why does that require warning?

Consider myself warned.

You are warned.

Why do you, why do you feel you need to warn them?

Well, well, I, I just, your, your ideas have never borne fruit necessarily into, uh, Have you borne fruit?

I don't know exactly what you're talking about.

What I don't know what you're talking about.

Do you want me to part this rope?

If you were a woman, you wouldn't know what it is to bore fruit.

And just to be clear, David, Wayne, I'm not a woman.

Okay.

I'm a, there's a, there's a bit of discrepancy in our memories about that.

Of whether you're a woman.

I believe if I'm not mistooken, I believe I am a man.

Okay.

And the, and my, my belief is that may not have been established.

You know, well, Scott, consider it established.

But for 2020.

2020, it's a new decade.

Entre P. Neuer is a gentleman who has come in here and has pitched us various things.

And my, my, the one problem that I would say, Entre, is that you tend to pitch things.

You're a hater.

It's not that I'm a hater.

Aside from that problem, what else?

Uh, you tend to pitch, well, I don't even want to spoil it because, uh, I want David to just have a fresh fresh ears.

I like to hear the pitched fresh or else that crowds my judgment.

Fresh pitch for you, David LaWayne.

Okay.

So I'm thinking of something I'd like your $2 million.

What it is is something that is rectangular in shape.

Okay.

Well, I'm with you so far.

So far.

I'm picturing it.

Is it two dimensional or are we talking three?

Depends on how you, uh, depends on the version you want.

Okay.

Rectangular in shape.

And then there's another rectangular shape underneath of it.

I might take the 2d version, just not to jump ahead, but I'm liking it, but go on.

But you're imagining the 2d version of this.

Yeah.

Okay, great.

So it's rectangular.

Stacked on each other, kind of like a, a cake.

Your mother might bake you.

Hers would be circular.

These would be rectangular.

Although they do make, they do make rectangular cake pans.

I have seen rectangular cakes, but not usually.

Where?

Uh, you know, everywhere.

Sheet cakes.

Where?

All cakes.

Shit cakes.

Do you have an issue with sheet cakes?

Shit cakes.

No, my shit cakes usually come out more cylindrical.

Shit cakes is, I know what shit cakes is.

I have a friend who dealt with someone who was suffering from shit cakes.

That person had trouble wiping after pooping.

Trouble.

So trouble.

With a capital T that rhymes with P.

Okay.

PUBBLE.

That stands for poo.

Poop.

Well, listen, Scott, you're confusing me here.

Okay.

Look, shit cakes is actually a serious illness.

And I don't mean to make light of whatever trouble wiping the excretion.

Why you're talking about your friend as if they're here in the room.

Well, I mean, I just, I just want to stand for something.

Cause if you don't stand for something, you will fall for other things.

Yes.

So you're thinking of two rectangles, two rectangles stacked upon each other.

You would sleep on these rectangles.

Oh, so they might have springs inside.

Depending on the version you order.

Oh, okay.

This go with me here.

I mean, it can be two dimensional rectangles that you're sleeping on.

Depending on how you want.

I will say the two dimensional is cheaper than the three dimensional.

I think you're talking about a sheet of paper when you're thinking of two dimensional.

Well, even that has dimension.

Oh my goodness.

It's the heart attack.

Oh, he's got shit cakes.

Oh no, he's got shit cakes.

And I'm having shit cakes.

Shit cakes on top of a heart attack?

Dude, does everyone here, do you mind if I wipe?

Yeah, go ahead.

Yeah.

Cause this shit cakes.

I don't mind if you, I would prefer you wipe.

We had a wiping expert in here a few months back who could have talked you through this process.

Now listen, I take a lot of pitches for a lot of business ideas and I'm just going to stop you here just to ask a question and don't be offended.

Can you please get your hand off my shoulder?

You wiped with that one.

You didn't wash it.

All right.

Here's my other hand.

Okay.

It sounds like you're maybe talking about a mattress.

What is that?

Can I just say David, Entre's problem is he comes in here and he pitches things that already exist.

Oh, I see.

It does sound like the pitch was for a mattress.

Let me be perfectly clear.

Scott claims they've existed.

I've never seen them.

I've never seen any of the things.

Why?

Then why would you think that it was rectangle?

And what?

Because it's a new idea.

It could be any shape, but I chose rectangle.

I'm going to say this.

I have in my home, something very similar to what you described.

It is a mattress.

I laid down on it last night and after about an hour of reading and a little TV.

Where were you reading?

By the way, you seem like a smart guy.

Was it the paper of record?

Yes.

Instagram.

And I have this thing.

And as I said, last night I was in there, I'm laying down and after a while the lights are out and I was unconscious out like a light.

Like that light that you were just talking about.

Yes.

Like a light.

Yes.

Like a light.

I'm referencing a song I just heard today called sicko mode.

Oh, sicko mode by Travis Scott.

Travis dollar sign cot.

Exactly.

Yes.

Travis dollar sign cot featuring Aubrey Graham.

Yes.

Aubrey Graham.

Aubrey Graham, of course.

Son of Billy Graham.

Of the pastor.

Yeah.

Are you going to invest or not Mr. Wayne?

I cannot commit to investing, but I will give you the $2 million for listening to the pitch because I promised I would.

Thank you so much.

Wow.

This is huge for me.

This is huge.

But I do have a question and I have to throw it your way.

Sure.

Is it going to be a check that I'm going to need to write or is it or or is it cashier's check or is it a cashier's check or can I give you, will you take a traveler's check?

I've never really had money before, so I'm not sure how to accept.

And also this feels wrong to me.

The more I think about it, I shouldn't accept money for an invention.

He's not going to take home.

And one that he ostensibly already has.

Right.

I am writing you right now.

I don't want it.

I don't want an express travelist.

Person of integrity.

I don't want it.

If you're not interested in, I don't want handouts.

This is just a thanks for meeting with me.

Then think about it as that.

And you can use it for whatever you want.

No strings attached.

And you know what I want to do with it?

Rip it the hell up.

No, because you know what?

I'm a person of integrity.

$2 million.

I'm a person of integrity.

Scott, I've got another invention for you.

Okay.

All right.

Maybe you'll be interested in this one.

Let me ask, is it a rectangular thing that you write like a promise of money on?

You know what?

Scott, you're wrong.

And you're going to hell.

And you heard it here first.

You always will.

The Bible says that you will go to hell if you miss guess what the picture is.

That's exactly what my Bible says.

And that you'll hear it not from God.

That's what from Andre first.

Do you know who wrote my Bible?

Who wrote your Bible?

Nicholas Cannon.

What?

Yes.

Nicholas Cannon.

From Drumline?

From Drumline and Masked Singer.

He wrote my- From Drumline to Masked Singer, the Nicholas Cannon story.

Exactly.

That is my Bible.

And everything in between.

Listen, I don't think you've ever read the book.

Okay.

What are you pitching?

It's something rectangular.

Bass.

The bass, excuse me, hear me out.

Okay.

Everything's a bit of a rectangle.

Well, you seem to focus primarily, if I may be so bold, on rectangular things.

Because I think when you pitch just a hospital- Sure.

It was basically a rectangle.

Was it a rectangle?

I think it was.

No offense, Scott.

A lot of things are rectangular.

Thank you very much.

Many things are born of a rectangle.

Rectangular bass.

Okay.

It's gonna be connected to the ground.

Okay.

Maybe do some molding around it, connected to the ground.

And then another rectangle upright on another side, connected to that one.

So it's like an upside down T.

I'm just sketching this out.

Exactly.

Then we're gonna go- So it's sort of like the Titans Tower from the Teen Titans, but upside down.

Right.

Yes.

Or Mr. T without the Mr. and upside down.

Sure.

Do you know that Mr. T cereal?

I was talking about this with a previous guest.

Oh yeah, that ongoing episodic story about Mr. T?

No, no.

Breakfast cereal, my dear boy.

Okay, got it.

How disappointing.

Did you ever eat any of it?

Every morning.

How disappointed were you when you open it up and it's just cereal in the shape of a T?

And it's not cereal in the shape of Mr. T?

Oh, right.

You buy it expecting it's gonna be him with the Mohawk and everything and then it's just T's.

I probably have three, four bowls of that every morning and I never noticed that.

You never looked down at it?

No.

That could be something.

Because I eat before I turn the lights on.

I always forget the order.

Oh, you and your lights.

The ones that went out the night before.

Like a light.

Okay, Travis, cut.

So, Travis, dollar sign cut.

I'm liking this pitch so far.

Okay.

Two rectangles.

And also, did you throw it out there like an upside down timeout sign on a sports field, right?

Okay, so you know what a sports field is.

Of course.

Come on, Scott.

I'm not a damned idiot.

Okay.

I'm not a stupid.

Okay.

The top of it is an oval.

A top of the upside down.

You're so focused on shapes.

Are you?

What do you have to get shapes?

Well, I'm trying to figure out what this is.

It's a rectangle and then another rectangle.

Then we have an upside down T.

The oval is kind of on is not upright per se.

It's on its side.

Oh, sort of like the basis.

Anyway, are you pitching the Leaning Tower of Pisa?

No, no, Scott.

No, I would never.

That exists already.

Why would I pitch that?

This is a basketball hoop.

No, you're going to sit on top of it and let your dookie out.

Let your pee pee out.

Okay.

And then there's now.

Yeah, let's talk about rectangles.

When you're pitching a toilet, I don't have a name for it, Scott.

Thank you.

That's brilliant.

I love it.

Toilet exists.

So never heard of it.

Never heard of it.

Don't use a toilet.

Never heard of it.

What do you use to do?

What?

What you just said?

The dookies to dookies.

When I do dookies, I do it right where I am.

Wherever I find myself.

Wherever you lay your hat.

Wherever I lay my hat.

Your home.

Yes.

Which is never near a toilet.

I don't know what that is.

If y'all want to call it a toilet.

What is your house like?

You don't have a mattress.

You don't have a toilet.

Where do you live?

Where do I live?

With my mother.

Well, that explains it.

That explains it.

I don't own a home.

She's dead.

She's dead, but she still lives there?

No, I just call it her house.

But so you know what a house is?

Because I think you pitched me those ones.

Is that what that's called?

Okay.

I love the sound of it.

I love to see it.

What kind of house doesn't have a toilet?

I mean, I understand not having a bed.

I've never seen one of those before.

Personally.

I can tell you.

David drew a house that doesn't have a toilet.

A bird house.

Thank you, David.

You're right.

A birdhouse doesn't have a toilet.

David drew what looks like a vanity mirror.

So you know what a vanity mirror is?

Why is that so alarming to you, Scott?

What if you went into your bathroom?

A vanity and that's it?

A vanity.

What about sinks?

A vanity and a sink.

One sink and a vanity.

So you know what sinks are?

Sure.

Yes.

So you know what plumbing is?

What is?

No.

Why do you have to complicate things?

What?

Where does the water go in your sink?

I don't know.

It just disappears?

Where does your water go in your sink, Scott?

Where exactly does it end up, Scott?

Go.

You have two seconds.

In the Pacific Ocean.

Oh, interesting.

All I know is if someone said to me, describe a toilet, I would say an upside down tea with an oval.

If y'all think it should be called a toilet, I'm happy to give you 50% equity in this idea.

Should it get?

No, I need sweat equity.

Yeah, I definitely need sweat equity.

Sweat equity.

Yeah, and I also need money in subordinated funds in escrow.

Yeah, exactly.

Yeah, I'm with David on all this.

Oh, sure.

What if I said sure?

Okay, sign the long form.

Okay, where's the long form?

It's right here.

In triplicate.

Here it is.

Okay, I'm happy to sign it.

Thank you.

All right, thank you.

Just sign it there.

All right.

And there.

Great.

Okay.

Sorry.

Initial here.

Okay.

Right there.

Okay.

Initial here.

Okay.

Initial there.

Can't you just copy these?

Sorry, no.

Okay.

If you want to be an inventor, this is what it takes.

Sign there.

Okay.

Initial here.

Okay.

Initial here.

Okay.

Sir, we are in business.

Thank you for signing the long form.

I didn't think you would really do it.

Great.

Done.

Done and done.

Let's all shake hands.

I will not.

Your hand is sweaty and he has shit on his shaking hand.

That is true.

He is a sweaty too.

I'm not worried about this.

What?

I think shit Trump sweat.

Let me check that shit.

Trump's sweat at all times.

I'll get that on a T shirt.

2020.

Sure.

The Trump shrimp sweat shrimp.

Siri does shrimp Trump sweat shrimp.

Here's what I found.

Oh, here's what I found.

I just want you to say it.

She won't say it.

Investigating and documenting.

Tell him to say it.

Try telling me to say it.

Say it.

Siri.

Siri does shrimp Trump sweat and say it.

She doesn't.

Here's what I found.

She won't say it.

She doesn't respect you.

She doesn't respect me.

She doesn't respect.

Scott, how does it feel to live with an assistant that doesn't respect you?

I don't necessarily live with Siri.

Although I guess I do.

She doesn't come home with you every single day.

That's true.

She's by my bed at night.

I live with my personal assistant.

I like the sound of that.

I was trying to trick you.

I like the sound of that.

Okay.

You didn't fall for it.

I'm no fool Scott.

All right.

Look, we need to take a break.

All right.

When we come back, we have a lawyer.

Oh, maybe the lawyers.

Okay.

But if we take a break, am I allowed to hook up with other people?

All right.

The friends rules apply.

I'd like a break.

You'd like a break?

All right.

We were on a break.

Here we go.

We'll be right back with more Comedy Bang Bang after this.

Comedy Bang Bang.

We're back here.

Another episode of Wayne Scotting currently in production.

That is, of course, when David Wayne and myself get together, we always call it Wayne Scotting.

Is that not true?

Yes, but my close friends, which I now consider you and call me Jimmy.

Oh, I'd never heard that before.

So you just started considering me to be a close friend?

It's a common nickname for David.

Jimmy.

I think Jimmy is short.

It's like a nickname for James.

My friends call me Jimmy.

Jimmy?

Yeah.

Jimmy Wayne?

Jimmy two times.

Jimmy two times?

Wait, I need to say Jimmy twice?

Has nothing to do with it.

So just Jimmy two times.

I don't need to say Jimmy Jimmy.

No.

Yeah.

That's not the words.

It's T O O T I M Z.

Is that long for TMZ?

Yeah.

So you're Jimmy two TMZs?

Yeah.

Because I've been working for two different TMZ offices as an intern.

How many offices do they have as an intern?

They have four offices and I've been working for two of them.

This is an insane story.

I basically do runs between two of the offices.

Okay.

Jimmy two times.

This is over here.

Medical police currently on Netflix.

You can watch the shit out of that, but don't watch all of them before you hear our enticing interview with two of the stars.

I got to say a buddy of mine.

When he, when there's a whole set of episodes available on Netflix, he watched the whole thing.

He calls it binge binging.

He's like, I'm going to binge the whole thing as if he's having a food binge, but it's with what are people going to watch your show on?

I just, I just realized.

What are people going to watch a show on?

Well, there's this rectangle.

That's what I'm thinking.

Scott, do you want to go in business with me?

It's a rectangle with a plug that goes in the wall.

I like that.

And projects an image.

Yeah, definitely projects an image.

Do you know how?

It can be big or small.

I don't do the science of it.

Yeah, you don't do any of the science.

No, I don't do the science.

I hire people to do the science.

This is Andre P. Neuer by the way.

So-called inventor, although.

Scott, why do you bring me on your show to insult me?

I don't bring you on this show.

You show up.

You begged me to come.

All right, I did.

Yeah, you begged me to come here.

I said, Scott, I don't know.

It seems to always be contentious.

By the way, I want to do something called purge watching.

What's purge watching?

I watched the purge.

Just the purge.

Back to back.

I want to do something called Game of Thrones watching.

Whoa, that sounds pretty good.

I'd like to do why you're watching.

I don't know why you're watching or why you're watching?

Why?

You haven't seen the wire.

Oh my God.

You haven't seen the wire?

Oh, you gotta watch it.

You gotta watch the wire.

Best rectangular programs.

Skip the first five seasons.

Although it was square.

It was square and then they turned it into rectangle.

So, okay.

I like this.

We're evolving.

Scott, do you want to invest?

In you watching the wire?

In this rectangular thing for his program.

How are people going to watch?

I'm worried about you, David.

I'll pay you to watch the wire, but that's as far as I go.

You'll pay me how much?

I'll pay you a dollar per wire.

Per wire.

And what is one wire equivalent to?

One wire is, I believe, 10 episodes.

Okay.

That's not fair.

Now who's the one who's square?

All right.

Look, we need to get to our next guest.

He is a lawyer.

Please welcome to the show Italiano Jones.

Hello.

Thank you for having me.

My name is Italiano Jones and I will fight for you.

Oh, it's so nice to meet you.

I work for the law offices of Italiano Jones and associates and other miscellaneous items.

Okay.

That sounds great.

What type of cases?

By the way, this is Entre P. Neuer.

How you doing, young sir?

How are you?

I'm Italiano Jones of Italiano Jones and law services and miscellaneous other items.

And this is David Wayne.

Hello, David.

Of Wayne's got a Jimmy to TMZ.

It seems like your law firm changed its name in the last couple of minutes.

How dare you?

My law offices never changed their name.

We will fight for you.

I heard that you came here in an amalamps.

Yes, I did.

Would you like, did they spell amalamps?

I was spelling for you.

Absolutely.

Amalamps.

A M B U L A N C E. Amalamps.

He's right.

Whoa.

Black Betty.

Amalamps.

A very law office.

Sounds like I found my lawyer.

Would you not agree an amalamps is a very rectangular vehicle?

Yes.

They mostly are rectangle.

But in Europe, those exist.

You know about those in Europe?

They are oblong.

Are they now?

Yes.

I would know.

I am from Italy.

You are.

Yeah.

I wondered Italiano Jones is that an inkling?

Why do you sound like you're from Chicago?

It is a family name from Italy.

I am from Italy.

What part of Italy are you from?

Tuscany.

And why is your family name your first name?

That's how we do things in Italy.

Oh, I see.

I wasn't aware of that.

Can you spell Italy?

In other words, everyone in Italy is called Italiano something.

Can you spell Italy?

I T A L Y.

Italy.

What type of law do you practice Italiano?

I practice all types of law.

Do you have a case?

Are you in any type of trouble?

Have you been injured in an accident?

Have you been injured in a self-inflicted wound?

Self-inflicted wound?

Who am I going to sue if it's a self-inflicted wound?

We can sue thousands of people.

We can sue so many people.

Who do you sue?

I guess the makers of the weapon that I use.

We can sue Smith & Wesson.

We can sue just Wesson cooking oil.

Italiano!

If you slipped on a bottle of Wesson cooking oil.

On the bottle itself, not the product?

Yes.

And you shot yourself.

How ironic would that be?

Think about this.

You are holding a gun and you are also frying something in your kitchen.

Why would I be doing that?

You put the bottle down.

Am I trying to defend myself while I'm frying?

In case you live in a rough neighborhood.

Maybe you can't find a spoon and you've got to stir with something.

Okay.

You live in South Italy like me.

I grew up in a rough neighborhood.

The streets was tough.

The pointy toe of that boot?

The pointy toe of the boot.

Absolutely.

The pointy heel of the boot.

Did you grow up with a godfather?

I grew up with a godfather.

His name was Roy.

He's not Italiano?

No, my name is Italiano.

It's a family name.

Italianos, you sound like Mike Tyson.

NC Johnson and Wax.

It's a family company.

You sound like Mike Tyson.

You ever heard of Mike Tyson?

Mike Tyson, yes.

I love him.

Yeah, what do you love him for?

I love everything.

What part of his career do you love?

Be careful now.

What do you love?

You know I represented him in a case.

Oh no.

Which one?

I will tell you.

Please do.

We have a deal.

He did just ask you to.

He once bought a tiger online.

Oh.

And when the box came, the tiger was not in it.

It was just a skeleton.

Oh no.

Skeleton of a tiger or a human skeleton?

A human skeleton.

What?

It gets weirder.

And so we went and found the company that sold him the tiger box.

The tiger box.

And he got to keep the skeleton too.

I will fight for you.

Whose skeleton did you ever feel?

That's great you fought for him, but where did the human skeleton come from?

We do not know.

Well you got to find that this is the mystery.

We did not get that evidence.

All we did was get him a real tiger and he got to keep the human skeleton and now it is up in his living room and it wears a doctor's lab coat.

I will fight for you.

Thanks to you.

Thanks to me.

So this is me.

Italiano Jones of Italiano Jones Law, Miscellaneous Services and Items of Law.

So he has a skeleton wearing a doctor's lab coat like he's in a vaudeville sketch?

Absolutely.

OK.

We all love vaudeville.

We go to watch vaudeville movies at Mike Tyson's house all the time.

You do?

Really?

Which one?

In his private theater.

Oh I'll tell you.

We watch The Producers.

Oh you ever seen this?

Entre?

The Producers?

Yeah.

Never heard of it.

No?

No.

We watch The Directors.

I guess I was talking about a movie theater.

Oh a theater?

Yeah you ever heard of that?

Describe it to me.

Rectangular.

rectangular.

OK.

Definitely.

There's a rectangular thing in the front.

I follow.

And then there's a rectangular.

There's definitely a rectangular thing that you go through in order to get there.

I follow.

OK.

And then what happens?

You sit down on what I could only describe as a couple of rectangles upside down.

Everybody knows what a chair is you dumbass.

Have you been injured in a chair?

Have you stood on top of a chair and tied a rope around your neck and jumped off?

Well I will fight for you.

Then you would be dead.

I will fight for you.

I want to sue this ambulance company that let me get out of the ambulance on the way to the hospital.

You want to sue the ambulance?

To do a podcast.

What is the company called?

It's called I think it's called a Grands Ambulance.

Oh they have that same brand in Italy.

OK.

I have sued them before and I will sue them again because I will fight for you.

But I am here from the law offices.

Yeah we know where you're from.

It's Italiano Jones.

But it's Italiano Jones.

What kind of money am I going to get out of this?

I could get you thousands.

I could get you hundreds.

I could get you millions.

How much money do you want David Hwang?

Thousands.

You want thousands?

You want the thousands instead of the millions?

Yeah that's what I'm in the mood for.

You're a big lady.

David Hwang, all I need is the evidence.

I have an idea.

Maybe you and I could go into business together.

How dare you?

We're already in business together.

This is how I dare.

OK.

So maybe you have people to sue.

We could go to a place to have these kind of sue-ins and trials.

All right.

You know what a lawsuit is but you don't know where they take place.

A lawsuit is a silk suit you wear to a rectangle.

I do all of my sue-ins in one courtroom.

Which one?

The L.A. municipal county courtroom.

OK.

I fly all my cases here.

That's a rectangular room.

I've been there.

Yeah very rectangular.

It's almost like.

Y'all have been to this place.

What's it called?

L.A. municipal.

It's like six rectangles.

Six rectangles.

Just like the Olympic logo.

And then what?

OK.

I understand.

So some of them are stacked upon one another.

Have you ever been injured by the Olympic logo?

Did one of them fall off the Olympics and hit you in the face?

That actually did happen.

I will fight for you.

That happened to you?

It did happen to me.

I was hit by the red ring.

Was it Alberta 1988?

The winter Olympics?

Yes.

Yes and?

Perfect.

That is the only Olympics I am allowed to preside over.

You're not allowed to preside over any other Olympics.

Why is that?

Well, I have been banned from all other Olympic presiduals.

Presiduals?

So you're allowed to sue that particular Olympics if, especially if the logo falls on somebody.

And also Lake Placid 1982.

Oh, OK.

Well, I was.

I was.

I'm looking for a quick check.

A little late for Lake Placid, but great.

I was.

Alberta.

Were you bitten by the big alligator in Lake Placid?

No.

There's a giant alligator who lives in Lake Placid.

His name is Steve.

Steve?

If he bites you, I will fight for you.

How many people has Steve bitten?

Oh, Steve has bitten thousands of people.

Thousands?

Everybody who goes to Lake Placid to ice skate.

And the ice is never hard enough.

And they fall through.

But just for conflict of interest reasons, I have to ask, have you ever defended Steve?

I have never defended Steve in the court of law.

I have, however, defended Steve to his mother when he came out.

Out of the closet?

Yes.

What did you say to Steve's mother?

Like, what a good friend you are.

She was very upset with Steve when he came out because she's a homophobe.

And I said.

She's they're both alligators, right?

Yes.

And she said, what is your point, David?

That alligators can't be homophobes?

Well, now, wait a minute.

Don't get don't drag me into this.

Drag him, Scott.

Drag him.

Cancel him.

Drag him, Steve.

I feel like all alligators can do what they please as long as they don't eat me.

Drag him.

So you think they can be homophobes?

You want them to be homophobes?

Now, wait a second here.

This is about to get canceled.

Italiano, can I sue Scott for entrapment?

You absolutely can.

Oh, no.

Where are you going to do the suing?

Do it.

I have a new space for you, a new space.

It's a it's a rectangle.

I won't do six because that's that is excessive.

We only need one rectangle.

You can enter in that rectangle.

There'll be other rectangle.

Why would you need to enter if there's just one on the ground?

Well, it's going to be sort of a three dimensional rectangle, which I have now learned.

Thanks to your wonderful listeners is a cuboid.

Cuboid.

It's a cuboid.

Cuboid.

Oh, cuboid.

Boyd, please get on your mark.

OK, so cuboid.

Boyd.

Anyway, we don't need to bother ourselves with Boyd, but it's a cuboid.

You'd enter inside.

There will be a judge.

Yes, I've heard of a judge, Scott.

Don't you dare start to ask me.

Heard of a judge.

Where do you think a judge usually works?

A judge usually works from home.

From home.

A judge works from home.

Until your innovation, which you're in the middle of pitching.

Exactly.

Why would a judge who gets to work from home want to travel to another place?

I would think that's one of the benefits of being a home based judge.

Scott, most judges are unsuccessful.

The legal system is going to shit in this country.

Because of lack of cuboid rooms.

Because there are not enough cuboid rooms in which to hold suings.

You think the legal system is going to hell here?

The legal system is going to hell, just like you, Scott.

You are going to hell in a handbasket with gasoline drawers on.

Light them up.

I am friends with many judges.

Sis.

You're friends with many judges?

I am friends with many judges.

Spell judges.

J-U-D-G-S.

Do you feel like the judge's problem is that they're all working from home?

That's the problem with our legal system?

They all work from home.

I'm so sorry.

Speaking of winning the suit, I've been meaning to announce this.

There is going to be a suit that I'm going to be giving away to one of your lucky listeners.

You're giving away a...

And you can win the suit.

Meaning a dress suit?

Yeah, it's a three piece suit.

Three pieces?

So we're talking vest, pants, and jacket?

Vest, pants, jacket.

Wipe me down.

It's a two button suit.

Yeah, wipe it.

She's already all wet over there.

He is, he is.

Come on, David.

Please stop misgendering me in 2020.

I said he...

I will represent you.

I'm misgendering.

The way I pronounce he is...

We going to court.

If any listeners do want to win the suit...

How do they get involved in this contest?

There's going to be the fifth caller we're taking right now at our 800 number.

We're taking calls right now?

Yep.

Okay.

All right.

Let's go to the phones here.

Caller, are you there?

Hello?

Hi, you're caller number one.

Sorry, click.

All right, let's go to the phones.

Hello?

Caller, you're caller number two.

Oh, cool.

You don't win.

Bye.

Caller, are you there?

Your mom, your mother's a jerk.

My mother's a jerk?

Well, fuck you.

You're caller number three.

Click.

Caller, are you there?

I'm on the radio with T-Pain.

No, T-Pain's not around, but you're only caller number four.

You were so close.

Oh.

All right, bye.

Click.

Caller, are you there?

911, what's your emergency?

Hey, this is caller number five.

I think the phone lines got crossed here.

911, what's your emergency?

We accidentally called 911.

What's your emergency?

We...

What's your emergency?

Ma'am, can I get your name?

Because you have just won a suit.

Sharon, I hope.

Wow, that's amazing.

What's your emergency?

It's a three-piece suit.

Does that change your tune at all?

Oh, okay.

Best included.

I love that.

A lot of suits are only two pieces these days.

Okay, all right.

But do you have an emergency?

I guess it's an emergency that we get this suit to you, isn't that right?

I called you, isn't that something?

Wait, is this Sharon?

Yeah.

Sharon from 911?

Italiano?

This is Italiano Jones of Italiano Jones Law Services.

I thought you were never going to talk to me again.

I'm sorry I said that.

I'm pregnant.

What?

Scott, hang up the phone.

I'm not hanging up the phone.

This is juicy shit.

Italiano, I'm pregnant.

I'm seven and a half months pregnant.

I've been trying to reach...

You're ready to go.

I'm ready to go.

Is it Italiano's baby?

I do believe so.

I've only ever slept with Italiano.

I believe so.

I've only ever slept with Italiano.

He told me he was shooting blanks.

That is correct.

I do shoot blanks.

But this day, the blanks fired.

Just like if you were cooking in your kitchen.

Why is every one of your lawsuits cooking related?

What are we going to do?

Well, now that you have the suit, I think that solves it.

You can get married in this suit.

I would love to marry you in this suit.

That suit is worth thousands.

Use that for the baby.

Scott, hang up the phone.

I'm not hanging up the phone.

Italiano.

You're a deadbeat dad, Italiano.

I liked you.

You told me that every woman you met to this point thought you were stupid.

Didn't take you seriously.

And that you appreciated that I saw your worth and your intelligence and what made you unique and special.

And then you left.

I did appreciate it.

He confided into me that he did not want to feel like he was associated with a 911 operator as his main squeeze.

Oh, really?

That is what you call a conflict of interest.

That is a conflict of interest.

I help people.

I also help people.

Have you ever been injured?

How is that a conflict of interest if you're both helping people?

Because I work against them.

I am.

Oh, you sued 911?

I am going to sue 911.

I'm getting calls for other emergencies at this point.

So if you could take my number.

You have an emergency.

Italiano, please take my number down.

Call me again.

It's 911.

I will not be able to award the suit.

I'm sorry.

Just looking at the bylaws until unless you give me your full address right now.

Okay.

My full address is.

Scott, hang up the phone.

My full address, Italiano.

I'd love to see you.

I'm located at 59 59 emergency lane.

Emergency lane?

How ironic is that?

That's where the dispatch it's how funny and goofy.

Emergency lane.

Always makes 911.

It's gotta be funny.

Los Angeles, California.

91169.

All right.

You'll expect that.

911 and then a 69.

Is that what you guys were involved in?

Yeah, it was an emergency.

He called me.

He said he had an emergency.

This is how he actually.

And it turned into a 69.

It turned into a full blown 69.

Don't let people tell you that you cannot get someone pregnant doing 69.

You absolutely can.

It just went down the wrong pipe.

It went down the wrong pipe.

She started to cough and now she is saying all of this nonsense.

Oh no.

Look, we need to take a break.

The suit is on its way to you.

The suit is on its way.

The $39.99.

$39.99.

Uh, shipping and handling.

Well, that's okay with you, but, uh, uh, please stay on the line if you can.

I know there's some emergencies calling, uh, but, uh, we're going to be right back with more comedy bang bang after this.

Comedy bang bang.

We're back with David Wayne, uh, medical police, the, uh, DRPD, one of the co-creators and executive producers of one of the stars, one of the stars, uh, and, uh, editing, directing, you know, it's like they call me a Jack of all trades.

Why?

Because I do it all more like a Jimmy, uh, of all TMZs.

Yes.

That Jimmy, Jimmy two times.

Right.

Cause I make those runs from one TMZ office to the other.

You sure do.

And if you know, Los Angeles, I go from East side to West side.

Everywhere in the 30 mile zone.

Only only LA people will understand that.

Oh, definitely.

We also have Italiano Jones is here and, uh, he's very nervous.

This is Italiano Jones of Italiano Jones and associates considering law and miscellaneous items upon judgment.

And we also have entre penu.

How you doing?

Yes.

And, uh, and then we have a, what was your name ma'am on 911?

Sharon.

Scott, hang up the phone.

I will not hang up the phone.

I swear to God you hang up that phone.

That suit is history.

I'm seven and a half months pregnant.

I just want Italiano to step up to the plate and be the father I know he can be.

I am no longer allowed to have children.

But it's too late.

Is that one of the judgments that happened in one of your suits?

There's one of the judgments.

So a, a church said to you, a lawyer, but you're no longer allowed to have children for how bad you were at being a lawyer.

No, I'm great at that.

I will fight for you.

Your client is going to jail for 10 years and the lawyers.

This is draconian.

I will fight for you.

Scott.

Fight for yourself.

Fight for your ability to have children.

Italiano, please.

I'm begging you.

This baby's going to be stupid.

Like you, how dare you?

You're just baby can't take care of itself.

It's going to be stupid.

This baby is going to be stupid when this baby comes out.

But two stupid people are better than one stupid person.

Isn't that right?

Yes.

I am a traveling lawyer.

You're traveling.

You only are in one rectangle and that's the LA municipal rectangle.

I cannot be held in a track in a, in a rectangle.

I am a traveling lawyer.

I will fight for you.

Have you ever been injured?

We know everything about what you have.

You ever walked onto a plane and decided to make an instant meal?

I would like to create something.

Oh no.

Well, I guess.

Is it a cuboid?

No.

Much to your chagrin?

No.

Is this some sort of oblong thing with a couple of, uh, no, a couple of triangles on the side.

Abstract.

Okay.

Because I see a problem and that's what I do.

I see problems and I create solutions.

Okay.

So far you have not helped me at all in creating solutions.

So Sharon, can you hold on one second while I'm getting, there are a few emergencies.

Hang up the phones.

There are people calling in right now.

I have someone saying there's an intruder in their home.

We have a person who's about to die over here of a heart attack and everything can pause.

Right.

By the way, I, I, I really am just about to die.

You're just about to go.

And Sharon is just about to blow in a different way.

I'm going to blow any day now.

And, but I will hold, I'm happy to hold.

Okay.

Speaking of blowing that 69.

Here's my invention.

Hey Scott, I just met you.

If you could not talk about my sex life.

I'm sorry, but I just can't change.

And I haven't talked about it.

Scott.

Scott, I got a call actually from your studio.

What?

You're at my rectangle.

Your rectangle.

Yeah.

What?

Yeah.

Your rectangle.

I don't, I don't get that.

You don't say, okay.

It's inside Joe.

Inside.

Well, I'm on the outside.

This is, I got a call.

Somebody, he said he didn't want to be identified, but I'm going to go ahead and, and I'm going to go ahead and identify him.

Oh no.

Um, you're outing the whistleblower.

Uh, Kevin, he said, oh, we don't have to pay attention to what Kevin says.

He said your Dick was out.

You're wearing a robe.

Oh, well, that's just, that's an inside joke for, uh, from, uh, from the show.

Okay.

Well then that case, that's fine.

We won't be sending any officers.

Okay.

Good.

Oh, good.

Okay.

Have your Dick ever been out?

I will fight for you.

To do what?

You know what?

I'd love to give you a call if I could.

Cause my Dick was out about six weeks ago.

Was your Dick out David Hwayne?

Yeah.

Well, let me tell you something.

I will fight for you.

I still don't know.

I need to get this one off my chest.

All right.

Entre.

Italiano and Sharon, kind woman, seem to be having an issue.

You're going to be a father Italiano.

So I have an idea.

I'd like to get a small fee from each of you.

Okay.

To make this thing pop.

All right.

It's called, um, I don't know what to call it just yet, but it's, it's, it's when a man has a child, the child doesn't live with him.

Perhaps this child can come see you every other weekend.

That is called an abortion.

No, it's called custody.

I'm not sure that's called an abortion.

I'm going to leave.

We should go over the child can come visit you.

She's she's, he is not, she, she, he is not.

Pitching abortion.

Please.

I am 60 years old.

This was a mirror.

60 years old.

You said you were shooting blanks.

I thought my eggs were dried up.

Turns out they were soaking wet.

In Italy.

We liked them mature.

This is a real, uh, uh, May, December, if not January, December romance.

Italiano you told, yeah.

How old you told me you were 30, but you seem younger.

You are correct.

I am the youngest lawyer and also tallest lawyer in Italy.

I am, uh, six foot four and 23 years old.

I'm neither really too extreme.

I'm the tallest man.

Youngest lawyer is only 23.

I mean, okay.

I'm going to come see you at the office.

I think that you're going back to Italy.

I don't think this is something we need to be airing our dirty laundry on a radio show.

What was that?

I told Scott to hang up the phone.

So we did not air any dirty laundry.

Has your dirty laundry ever been aired?

I will fight for you.

I'm sure.

Wait a minute.

Do you have a dirty laundry?

I do.

Let me guess a cuboid with a circle on top.

Actually, it's a circle on top circle on top cuboid on the bottom.

Bottom.

These are great pitches.

Circle on top cuboid on the bottom.

Do you want to draw it?

David Lil Wayne.

Okay.

We've got a circle on the top and a cuboid at the bottom.

Yep.

I'm drawing.

I'm sketching it out because I like, I'm, I think visually.

If you were to sit on it, would you receive pleasure of some sort?

That's a bidet.

You know what a bidet is, but you don't know what a toy is?

Scott, what do I look dumb to you?

That was one of the cases I just had.

Somebody was injured in a bidet accident.

Oh no.

What happened?

Yes.

They were sitting on the toilet with a gun.

All right, guys.

Well, look, we're running out of time.

We just have one final feature on the show and that's a little something called plugs.

Nice and short and sweet.

Unlike our closing up the plug bag theme that was doing the plugs by water aerobics, water aerobics.

Have you ever been injured in a water aerobics accident?

Let me guess you're swimming.

You have a gun.

You are swimming with a gun in case Steve, the alligator comes after you.

This is actually makes sense.

You have to shoot him.

So every time you take a, like a stroke, you're shooting the gun.

Hey, Billy Squire.

Great sample.

I love that you guys are making jokes, but just know that a baby is involved here.

Hang up the phone, Scott.

Open up the plug bag and hang up the phone.

This is your child Italiano and I will take you to court.

And I don't want to make this contentious, but I understand if that's what you want.

That's what it's going to be.

Will you take me to court?

I will fight for you.

You'll fight for yourself.

You're going to be providing this.

What Andre was pitching this custody.

I will prove that I'm an unfit father and I have never to see that child ever.

Oh, that's okay.

That's the opposite of what people usually do.

All right.

What do we plug in here?

David, obviously medical police.

Well, I do want to, if this is the time to really make a plug, I want to, you want to go hard.

Well, I just want to talk about a thing that I want people to check out.

It's that I'm involved in.

It's called grammar clock, chair, duck, grammar, clock, chair, duck, grammar, clock, chair, duck, and basically it's a duck on a chair.

That's also clock and it helps you with grammar.

And if people would go to my website, you can order it.

And it all, you can order the charity.

It all goes to charity.

So it's a good cause it's a chair or it's a duck.

Yep.

And it's with the clock part tells the time.

And but is it a clock that has a duck on it or probably for Christmas or is it a chair that has a duck on it?

That's holding a clock.

I know that it's exactly that.

That's exactly right.

Okay.

Those kinds of questions that get the whole family.

What's it called again?

Grammar, clock, chair, duck, grammar, clock, chair, duck.

And so that's exactly this kind of conversation you're going to end up having with your family.

And it's going to be a bonding moment.

Can you give these as gifts?

Yeah, it's a good, it's a good thing.

You can get them gift wrapped, you can get them not gift wrapped.

Do they keep until next Christmas in case I don't know anyone who...

My friends are hoarding them now because there is a half price sale right now.

So there's no perishable element to this.

The duck will keep?

The duck keeps, it's a keep duck.

Grammar, clock, chair, duck.

All right.

And Entre, what do you want to plug here?

None.

Okay.

And Italiano Jones, anything?

I would like to plug the law offices of Italiano Jones and Associates with Malisianians items.

Yes.

Melissa, Melissa, Malisianians.

Malisianians items.

And Scott, if you have ever been injured in any type of way.

Any type of way.

Entre.

Does it have to be gun related?

It does not have to be, but that's preferable.

It has gun or cooking.

I specialize in those.

And when they intersect.

Also, if you would like to come out to your mother, she's a homophobe.

I will break the news.

Do you have to be a crocodile?

Huh?

Don't say, huh?

Trying to stall.

You know what I said.

I didn't hear what you said.

This isn't true.

I already did hear what you said.

Okay.

All right.

Well, I'll give you that one.

What'd you say?

I said, nevermind.

All right.

I want to plug.

I'd like to plug something.

Sharon.

I'm going to need you to step up Italiano.

Why is she still on the phone?

There have been so many deaths that have occurred.

You gotta, you gotta unplug.

I think, I think I heard the sound of your water breaking.

It did just break, but I'm going to sit here.

It's at seven and a half months.

No, put it back.

You've got to put that baby back.

Italiano, you've got a preemie son.

Put it back up in there.

You've got a preemie son.

Put it back up in there.

Italiano, Italiano, I'd like to plug fatherhood and it's underrated, but yeah.

But more people should step up.

We're all kidding around here, but it is way too often.

They plug preemies back up into the woman and we've got to stop that.

Horrible practice.

Oh, really?

That's called stop plugging preemies, SPP.

And if you go to SPP.org.

Okay.

If you go to STP though, then it's like, stop it.

Right.

And if you go to STL.

Have you ever slipped in a puddle of STP?

Rant oil.

Most of your accidents seem to be oil related or gun related.

All right.

Look, I have nothing to plug.

Watch the between two ferns movie.

If you haven't on your rectangle at home.

Oh, thank you, David.

Also on Netflix.

If you're spending a day at Netflix, watch medical police first, but then go spend an hour and a half with the between two ferns movie.

All right.

Let's hear that new closing up the plug bag theme.

You start with a C when you want to close it up.

You lead with an L and then you open up the plug bag.

Take your hands and open it up.

Then Horatio comes in and he just says.

Open up the plug bag.

Keep it.

Fuck it.

Open up the plug.

Open it up.

Okay.

Can I ask a canonical question?

Sure.

What do you got to tell you?

Why did they say open up the plug bag when we are closing it?

Oh, everyone always asks this.

I don't know.

It's been happening for eight years.

I believe maybe opposites attract.

Okay.

Hey, DJ Scott Cat.

Speaking of eight years.

This is what about it?

What about eight years?

It's going to be eight plus ten.

Yeah, eight plus ten.

That's eight.

Until it's until you're no longer responsible.

I'm about to take my gun to the bathroom.

Please don't.

Don't bring the oil in there either.

I'm taking this STP and this Wesson.

I'm going to cook.

No, please don't.

In the bathroom.

Look, guys, I want to thank you, David.

Please don't make it another two years or however long it's been since another episode of Wayne Scotting.

We got to keep this going.

You let me know.

I'm here, buddy.

All right.

Very good.

And Entre.

Yes.

Not another swing and a miss.

I don't know that I missed.

I got $2,000 and I ripped it up right in front of the two million.

Two million.

Excuse me.

Wow.

That is thousands.

It really is.

Taliano.

Thank you so much.

Thank you for having me, Scott.

And remember, I will fight for you.

Yeah, I do remember that.

And Sharon Sharon, do you remember that?

Yeah.

David, do you remember that?

Yeah.

Buddy of mine told me that a thousand thousand is a million.

No, I don't think so.

You guys while you guys are having fun and games.

I just gave birth to a son, Italiano Jr.

I am going to name him after you.

You cannot deny him.

Wait a second.

This baby is green and scaly and long.

Looks just like you.

It looks like Steve.

That looks like Steve.

Wait, Steve, though.

The gay alligator.

The alligator.

I don't think he's gay.

Well, I have a confession.

I did let a gay gator smash.

I do have good gator, Gator.

All right, we'll see you next time.

Bye.
