---
layout: page
title: 635. Rob Huebel, Erinn Hayes, Jonathan Braylock, Jerah Milligan, James III [https：⧸⧸cloudfront.wolfpub.io⧸CBB-635-20191204-HuebelHayes-DTBv01-PW.mp3].mp3.wav
category: cbb 
---

♫ Comedy Bang Bang Theme Song ♫ I hate to say it, I love to spray it. Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

Thank you to Supple Knupple 420 for that catchphrase submission.

I am assuming the first 419 supple knupples were taken and had to choose that for nom de plume.

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang for another episode. My name is Scott Aukerman and we have a wonderful show for this week. Coming up a little bit later we have a farmer. That's interesting. We also have someone who is in the custodial services and we have either a member, I can't remember if it's the head or a member of the CBAACB. So that's very exciting.

We'll be talking to them a little later.

But first we turn our attention to the business of show. We have a couple of actors on the show and they're going to be talking to us all about the art of acting and the craft. I assume it's more of a craft than an art. They are the stars certainly and they may have other titles on this show. Mostly stars. I shine so bright. Did you now? Yeah, well I did. Today. You're on the way.

Not so bright today. I can tell. But I have shown. Yes, certainly. They have a show that's currently out on Netflix, just came out. It's called Medical Police. Please welcome back to the show Rob Hubel and Erin Hayes. Hi guys. Thank you.

Thank you. Thank you, Scott. Thank you.

Rob as our... Is there going to be an applause sound effect that you put in there? Oh, what?

I mean, could we record it now? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.

Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.

Oh, fuck yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.

Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.

Kill him. Yeah. Fucking kill him. Fuck you Hubel. What? Dad, get out of here. Fuck you. I'll see you at home. My dad follows me everywhere. And clear. Oh, wait, you want that cough in there?

Yeah. No, take the cough. And Erin's coughing too. Take the cough out. Couple of coffers. That's what happens when you come out with an episode in the winter months. How are your resolutions?

They're doing, honestly, they're really good. I don't think I'm ever going to break them.

That's great. Yeah. That's great. Never die is number one.

Never die? Never die. Yeah.

I've not broken that one yet. I got bad news for you. Holy shit. Is this heaven?

Oh God. Now your head fell off when you made a gunshot sound effect.

When I perform on a podcast, I commit to a podcast. I just didn't know we were going to get into the craft of acting so soon. This is what we do on medical police. We shoot guns.

We will be getting to medical police in just a second, but before we do that, the craft of acting, is it hard to shoot a fake gun and not make that sound?

I actually have done that before. Like I think the first time, maybe way back on human giant, I would shoot a gun and go like, blah, blah. And they'd be like, no, no, no, no, no. Don't do that with your mouth. They would eventually, from what I heard in the trades, they would sew your mouth shut. They did. Have you ever seen like one of those little shrunken head dolls where they, I've never seen one of those. I've seen one on the movie Beetlejuice. Yeah. It's just like in the movie Beetlejuice. Have you seen the movie? I've only seen the play Beetlejuice. Oh, you should have. Have we said his name three times? Have you heard the radio play Beetlejuice?

I've seen that movie Joker where he, uh, uh, he had the, the scars on his mouth. I didn't see that movie. You didn't see that, but they, what we're talking about is sewing our mouths shut.

Yes. So they did sew my mouth shut. So I wouldn't make that sound different. Right. And then you just farted every time I fart, I would go every time I shoot a gun out of your, your butthole.

Did you want me to fart for real? Cause I mean, you're committing. It is a craft.

Um, Aaron is dying. Aaron, are you okay? Jesus. Podcast listeners. We have an emergency.

Three sentences and you're out podcast listeners. Call 911.

Take it outside. Call 911 podcast listeners. Scott, this isn't live. She's going to be dead.

Are you okay? Are you all right?

Don't feel like you have to recover yourself. Just take care of yourself first. This is a real medical police situation. It really is. This is wait a minute. Is this an act? I'm plugging all this. Are you farting out of your mouth? Oh my God. Listen to Aaron. Oh God. She's farting now.

What adorable mouth farts. All right. You continue while I talk to Rob. I'm going to talk to Rob.

Rob, you were our first guest. Well, I consider Tom Lennon to be our first guest. You were, uh, what do you mean? I was there. I was there and you definitely were there, but he was our, he was like our main first like incredible guest star. And then you were also on the show.

Kind of there. Yeah. Hanging on his jock. Um, do you want to talk about Reno 911?

Yeah. We, you know, we do a recurring bit on this show where I almost printed it out and brought it for the two of you to do it today. I told Aaron what it is every, I feel like whenever I'm a guest on the show, I can never just be myself. See you later. All right. Bye. She's literally taking off.

I wonder if she, Oh God, if she pooped in her pants. Um, yeah, the first time I was on the show, we did this bit and, uh, it was just a natural conversation that we were having, uh, between Tom Lennon, a star of Reno 911 and yourself about human giant, uh, at the time, which was on the air.

That's right. And I think I love you, man. I love you, man.

Cause there's some, I love you, man. References. I love you, man. References. We just had that conversation. And then on the 100th episode, I thought to honor the first episode, we would reenact that conversation without ever telling the audience. Right. So people are listening to that and it sounds, you know, people are probably like, wait, what, why are they talking so much about Reno? And I love you, man.

Two years on. And then, but we've done it a couple more times. We've done four or five times at this point, including the 10th anniversary episode. There must be like three people that love this bit. And there are only three people who understand it and everyone else, everyone else is like, I don't know why I'd rather listen to stamps.com commercial.

Yeah. Well, you know, they're a wonderful product. Uh, you enjoy the post office. You would never say anything negative about them.

Right. But the hassle of going there is the, I don't, are we, how did I get roped into doing a commercial for Aaron's back? Aaron's back. She's wearing different pants. Aaron, you pooped in your pants with my mouth parts. Um, I'm really very sorry for that. That's all right. Would you be worried? Were you nervous? I was nervous. I was like, what did you sabotage me? What did you do in your water bottle? I put tiny, uh, uh, shards of broken glass. Yeah. It made me, uh, cry a little.

And then I got so hot. I'm what tried to take off a sweater.

No, I didn't. I succeeded. Oh, okay. I see you were wearing a different layer. I, as, as referenced earlier on an earlier episode, I don't look down below the chin. Oh, good. That's risky business.

Even above the chin. Have you had any, have you been sexually harassed on this podcast or this podcast? Or have you been accused of sexually harassing people on the pod? I've never been accused, but I would love to be sexually harassed. If you have that in mind, I'm gonna look at your tits right now. Okay. Enjoy. Oh yeah. That's about a B cup. What do you think? That is a nice B cup. That's nice. Um, thank you so much for being our second, uh, guest ever on this show.

Thank you for allowing me. It's been a blessing. And Erin, I mean, you came in early and, and not often, but, uh, you were there, uh, Hey, I was there, but you've never had a coughing fit like that. No, this is a first. So how were the ratings? You've never coughed before, have you? That was the first time I've ever coughed. Wow. How did it feel? I didn't love it. It's a bad feeling. Yeah.

It's a bad feeling. Cumming is better. Yeah, sure. Oh, I've done. I mean, I did the, what is the coughing of the pussy? Yeah, sure. Wait, coming is the coughing of the pussy.

Has your pussy never coughed? You've got to get your pussy to cough. Rob, you were asking about the ratings. Yeah. How are the ratings so far? PG 13. PG 13.

Yeah. Oh, not bad. We may cross over and do an R without pussy thing. Although I'm not quite sure, but we did win a pre-emmy. Yeah. Oh, yeah. We won a pre-emmy for this. Yeah. This just the first portion of this podcast. What a blessing.

We are so blessed. Guys, enough about the pussy talk. It's not that kind of a show. We have to talk about medical police. It is that kind of a show. We have to talk about medical police.

What is a spinoff of children's hospital? Now spinoffs. A lot of people don't know what spinoffs are anymore because they're not as popular as they used to be. That's a great point. You know, back in my day, what was the spinoff? You had first you had happy days and they spun off into Laverne and Shirley and then they spun off into Mork and Mindy. And then they spun off into Johnny loves Chachi. Wow. And that was, and growing pains had just the 10 of us.

Like, you know, there were so many great spinoffs. I would suggest that there are a fair amount of spinoffs on TV right now. If you look on the ABC network.

Yeah. Well, there's the blackish and then grown-ish is a spinoff. You're right. But you, so children's hospital was a show that you guys were on for several years and 25 years, 25 years.

And you guys wanted to remain getting paid and the other people didn't want to stay getting paid.

Well, what happened is a lot of the other cast has died too. But so this is a spinoff where Rob Corddry, he has chlamydia.

Fatal chlamydia. We don't know. He's bare. He's on hanging off.

Ballers. Oh, you get chlamydia when you're on ballers. He definitely got chlamydia on ballers.

I almost got chlamydia just from watching it. You can, it can jump through your TV screen.

Let me see. He did ballers. Why am I Corddry's manager? He did ballers. Now he does a show on CBS. Are you saying you don't want 10% of Corddry? I would fucking love it.

Oh yeah. Oh yeah. He's doing top plus he's got that hot tub time machine. All those resids. Hot tub time machine too. So Corddry. So he's too biz.

He's no, the he's they're all in this, but it's mostly me and Aaron.

What happened was we focus grouped it out and the audiences loved me and Aaron the most. Also we're the tallest, we're the tallest.

It's like a lineup. And also we're ethnically ambiguous.

Like a lot of people look at me and Aaron and they say, are they black? Are they white? Are they Asian? So you're hitting diversity, which is very big right now. Very important. Okay, great.

So, so yeah, when you see, if you turn on your Netflix, you'll see medical police. I hope that people do. Oh, I hope you do. Turn on your Netflix. Turn it on guys. Get into the algorithm. Let yourself go.

Let yourself go. And just click on medical police. Click on medical police. Let it just run in the other room while you actually get shit done. And we are so attractive on the show. Like I know right now we look kind of frumpy to you. Yeah. What is that?

Is it the way you're dressed or is it your body? It's all of it for me. I can't speak for Aaron. I looked better when I had my other sweater on. Yeah. I got to say I'm a little frumped out today. It's definitely my body.

You have FUPA all over. Yeah. It's my body. Thank you. It's my wardrobe. I'm wearing ratty underwear. Why the ratty underwear? It's personal preference. Really? Do you own clean underwear or no? No. I mean, what do you mean it's clean?

Oh, it's clean, but it's just, it's just holes. It's sticking out of your jeans and I see shit stains all over. He's told me before that he doesn't like to buy new underwear. He likes them just to disintegrate into the wind.

Oh, wear them is for the earth. It's for the earth. Yeah.

Exactly. Biodegradable.

It's biodegradable. If you shit on them enough, if you shit on anything enough, it becomes biodegradable. That's true. Yeah. That's why you're supposed to replace your toilet. Like every six months. Exactly. Cause your shit comes out. It's just constant shit on top of it. Have you not replaced your toilet in the last six months? I look, I do it every six days. That's how much shit on your toilet or in it. What do you mean by in it? Well, there's a, if you open up the lid, have you ever opened up the lid? It has a lid. Oh, Scott. If you open it up, there's like a hole.

No, I just do it on there. And then I press that little lever and I hear a noise, but nothing happens. So you have a pile. Yeah. Huge shit pile is what I call it. If you open it up, there's a hole with water and it goes, it's supposed to go down this tube. What? Yeah.

Why didn't anyone tell me about this? I don't know. You've been, I don't. Oh boy. Can you come over?

No. Oh, to your shit pile. Just come over to my shit pile and teach me how to do this. I'll fix it. But yeah, but so, so Erin and I, when you watch the show, we do look, I would say 25 to 50% more attractive. Yeah. Because today, like, I just feel like all, everything on me is weeping. All the sores on my eyes. You have a lot of sores. You're it's like, you're a leper. I'm not working right now. Frozen too. I just want to hashtag be myself.

Yeah. I'm not covering up all the sores.

No, you don't want to hashtag me too. Oh, what do you mean?

That's how I use it. When someone says something that I agree with, I said, no, no, no, no. You don't want to get caught up in that.

I keep doing it. People get so pissed online. No hashtag.

Never forget to not hashtag me too.

Okay. I'll do both of those. These are good hashtags. We got to start using some of these.

So medical police, how many episodes did you do? We did 10, 10 hour episodes, full half hours.

They don't shoot it on film. That's a great question. They don't shoot on film anymore.

And what can I ask? And this is a serious question. I want, I know we've been joking around a lot goofing around. Yeah. I call it joking around.

It's based on the joker.

Yeah. Joking around. Didn't see it. Yeah. But we talk about call sheets on this show a lot.

And I know that you guys who's number one. Who's number two.

Who's number one. Who's number two.

I got to find this out. I'm number two. I'm number one. I'm number two. What?

What is that based on experience? Is that based on resume?

Did you negotiate that? Shut the fuck up for a second. Shut up. Rob. Number one is speaking.

Sorry. Did you negotiate it? It was just, you know, it was just given to you.

Really? Yeah. Do you think, and was it because of how many guest star roles you've had?

Well, it's an algorithm. It's a calculation. How many guest stars, how many co-stars, how many walk-ons, how many cameos, how many seasons of Kevin can wait, how many was I on or did they make two different answers right there? Controversy.

All right. P Donna. Right. Oh yeah. Did they ever talk about how she died?

Cause they, cause they said it was going to ask about that.

They said it was going to be a big mystery. Would you do a Kevin can wait podcast? Much like the office ladies podcast where you break down every episode, break down every episode. I'd be like, and this one, my character is understanding. She was understanding. By the way, I did not come in wanting to talk about this, but I suddenly remembered that you were on that show. So I need to talk to you about it. They, they said they were going to mention how she died and they kept like alluding to it, but they never said what it was. No, they never said there was actually, and this is quite real, an Esquire writer who every week would do a recap of the show and read into every plot line as if it was like, he's solving Donna's murder. What he said was, so you think he's on the hunt for the killer? Well, this person was like, just like we got a clue.

And he'd be like, cause there was also another character that, that got cut after the first season.

And they died as well? No, that one was never mentioned. What do you think it was? Do you think she was decapitated? What do you think it was? It was a water ski accident. It was probably a water ski accident or more than, more than likely not water ski, but ATV. Oh yeah. Or maybe AFV, America's funniest home videos.

Yeah. I was just killed by cassette. Yeah. Just you laughed so hard that you pressed eject on your VCR. It just flew out and decapitated you. Do you get, can we talk about this or should we not talk about it? Yeah, let's talk about it. Do you get, do people contact you like, Hey, this is bullshit.

I can't believe that, you know, they wrote you out of the show or I had more people come out of the woodwork on that. It felt, I was like, well, you should get, you got to get fired to find out how many friends you have. I believe I may have sent you something. Yeah. And I didn't, I didn't. Oh, you don't care. I was pissed. Yeah. What an injustice. We all deserve television shows and suddenly yours was taken away. Thank God you got this one. Oh, thank God. I fainted.

Is that what people say when they faint? Oh, and I fainted.

I like to think that Kevin James actually is a ghost and he righted this wrong and gave you this television show, Medical Police.

If he was a producer. He had unfinished business here upon this earth and he finally took care of it. And now, because who's seen Kevin James since this show premiere. He's positively haunting me with more work. Cause he feels bad. He righted the wrong, gave you this new show. And then he went up to heaven, down to hell. I don't know where he went, but, uh, and now it's taken care of and you're back on our television screens and we couldn't be happier. Aaron Hayes, Medical Police.

A lot of pizzas get delivered to my door. Number one on the call sheet and Rob, I was number two on the call sheet. When you got there, were you upset? Uh, no, because I requested number two because I'm the shit. Oh, I see. Do you want that duty spot?

Do you get it? Got to get that duty spot. It doesn't, what do you do? A lot of people that listen to this don't even know what a call sheet is. Believe me, they do. When you are filming a TV show, you don't have to explain it.

We talk about it every week. Get a list of the cast. By the way, I acted in something today, not to brag. What was it? I don't want to say what it was, but, uh, I'll guess it's a commercial for, uh, Wendy's. Mixture of Wendy's and hemorrhoid medicine.

They mash up commercials now? Yeah.

Commercials are so expensive now they have to pay for, it's like a Taco Bell pizza. It's like a co-op. Yeah. So they're like, what goes with hemorrhoid cream? There's Wendy's. Yeah, exactly.

Yeah. First try Wendy's then you're going to need this because Wendy's causes hemorrhoids, not diarrhea hemorrhoids. You're going to have diarrhea so bad. Yes. I got you. Um, but you were acting today. Okay. Don't tell me what it is. Just give me one line that you perform. I don't want to give you the line, but I do one word. Give me one word. The, ah, I know what it was.

But guess what number I was number 54 higher. A hundred and 42. This is sorry. I mean higher on the hierarchy. So a lower number. Seven. No. Well, because three, this is a show that's been on for a while. This is a show. I just did a guest star role. How long has the show been on? First season.

First. Oh, so it's not too high. No one gives a fuck about this show. Yeah, exactly. It's 13.

Lower. Do you know your numbers? I got into this system of saying lower because 18. You're finally legal. Thank you so much. It won't be worth it. 17 17. Yeah.

Okay. I was right on the edge of 17. Did you feel, did you feel barely legal, right? Isn't that weird? Stevie Nicks wrote a song, I guess about banging a 17 year old song used to be about banging.

I can meet that kiss. Had a song called Christine. I think it was 16. Maybe it was 15.

No, you're right. It was 16. I'm just, but still like what?

They're like, they're like 35 singing that like, well, it used to be, here's my theory. I got to fuck this girl. That's 16. When the Beatles sang, well, she was just 17. If you know what I mean, they were singing for teenagers who were also 17 who, and they were in character 17 year olds couch it that way. But then every fucking skeevy rock star on the planet just is like, well, I guess it's cool to talk about banging teenagers. Yeah. Let's talk about it. Anyways. Does that happen on medical police?

Hubel plays a young 16 year old intern on medical police.

What was the question?

Is there any underage banging on medical? We have, should we, yeah. Aaron and I have rough sex. Aaron and I have, I will say because it's Netflix.

They can show it. Do you know what I mean? Yeah. Yeah. Full on. They can show penetration. So there's like, there's like a graphic closeup of intercourse. Is it a still shot or when you say a closeup front season backseat front season back.

So now to be honest, we had our stunt people do it because we're friends and we're also, it was a little bit cold outside. Oh, okay. It's an outdoor. Is that a concern for you? I just don't, you know, when I'm doing backseas, I don't want to be cold.

Oh, I understand. Okay. I thought you meant for the shrinkage, but what? No, I expand when it's cold. Who were, who were your, uh, stunt performance? My son person was, uh, Rob Corddry. Oh, okay. So we can, so we can see Rob Corddry's PI going into his wiener. Because they did front seats. Yeah. Oh, so Ken's wiener is, and his hole is so large that Ken has a, Ken has a vagina sized pea hole. Wow. Okay. This is amazing.

Corddry's wiener goes into Ken's wiener hole. Wow. These are all spoilers. These are just, watch medical police. Just watch medical police. And what are your character names?

Um, what are they? I am Dr. Lola Sprout. I'm Dr. Owen Maestro.

That doesn't sound right. Yeah, it is. I just don't say it that low. Normally change it. Uh, Dr. Owen Maestro. No, no. The name.

Oh yeah. Dr. Steve Peterman. There we go. Much better.

Would you go to a, to a, to a, would you go to a, this is a serious question. Would you take your child to a doctor named Peterman? No, no, no. In fact, I feel like my children to the doctor at all. No, no, I don't believe in vaccination. I don't believe in medicine.

I don't believe in medicine.

It's kind of a slur now. I do believe in vaccines. Um, no, I would not take my daughter to a Dr.

Peterman or Dr. Butter, Butterman or anything close to it.

Yeah. Dr. Lollipop. Um, Hmm. That's a close. No, I don't think so. Give me some more, give me some more suspicious doctor names.

Yeah. And I'll tell you whether or not Dr. Touchy. No, no.

Dr. White van. Dr. White van.

No. What were you going to say? Before Rob just steamrolled you? Is that what this show is all about? Is you like starting to say lines and then Rob just steamrolled me? I'm glad we pinpointed that. Cause that's, that was my experience in, in acting with Rob. That's not, I've never been accused of steamrolling. Never been accused of that. No.

Because you steamrolled the people.

To be honest, I've been accused of a lot of terrible things on set. Terrible that I can't even talk about, but steamrolling. No, no, no, no. Is he a giving scene partner? Um, okay.

Do you think you're going to be killed off of this show as well? Podcasts. Yeah. This particular podcast. Listen, if I don't cough myself to death, then for sure, Rob's going to kill. But again, I think he poisoned me. So that's one more thing to add to the list. Well, we'll see how this goes.

I may kill you on this episode. We, but medical police is, uh, it's on Netflix now 10 episodes.

You can explain one thing that will help the viewer. I don't care. Go ahead. Children's hospital was 11 minutes. This show is 30 minutes. So you better strap your fucking Dick down and get ready for the show. And also your vagina strap your vagina, all your parts.

And get ready for 30 minutes. Also, is it too long? Well, I mean, we say 30, but some of them are like 26.42. Yeah. But you know what I mean? Like, do you get tired of it after 11 minutes?

And then you're just like, eh, I'm just going to turn off.

Cause this one, this one as actors.

Yeah. As memorizers of words. Yeah. Yeah. This is a big, I mean, this is a big job for you. You guys used to just fuck around on children's hospital. We had to memorize so many words to be honest. Just like our 16th president on his day. And children's hospital was like, every episode is kind of standalone and it all reset. But then this one also, you can start it number one, and then you go to two to three to every consecutive episode after that. This is what you call a procedural. This really trying to, well, it's a, well, how would you describe it?

Fighting. God damn it. Hubel steamrolling you again, just describing the show, steamrolling me on a description. Well, a procedural, I think of it as like red herring, red herring, this one solved it. And that's one episode.

Right. And you've done your share of those, right? How many, how many CSIs and I love to talk about, I love to talk about perps.

She was on the city murders. She was on cop car, cop car, cop car, fire department guys, undercarriages undercarriages fire hoses. Yeah. Train train.

That was so good. Well, you'd figure out what the train was every time it was always a train, but it was like, sometimes you were like, is it a car? Yeah. I'd be like, let's door opens. Hmm. Hmm. Oh no.

Doors on trains open. I forgot that there's somebody in here. Yeah. Well, very good.

But medical police. I don't care. Rock. We need to, yeah, we need to get, I don't care.

Every episode ends in a cliffhanger. So you got to end this conversation on a cliffhanger by stopping right now. I will. All right. We need to get to our next guest. Uh, he's a farmer. Uh, please welcome to the show. George Washington Carver. What up? Anybody want a peanut? Uh, yeah, I do. Here you go. Thank you. Just one. Ooh, peanut lover.

That's my boy.

Okay. That's enough. Three. Okay. Three is all I can fit in my mouth. These are big.

Sorry. George Washington Carver. Welcome to the show. Thank you. This is Rob Hubel. Oh, hello. Uh, he's not allowed to talk anymore. This is Aaron Hayes. He's peanuts though, right?

Oh yeah. Go ahead. Yeah. How many do you want to eat? Would you like a peanut?

Here you go, Rob. Delicious. Oh yeah. I like giving out peanuts. Yeah, I bet you do. Uh, George Washington Carver. Uh, are you the George Washington Carver? That is, that is correct. Um, now you might be thinking, wait a minute. Aren't you dead?

I was that, that did cross my mind.

I was thinking that too. The reality is that I did die. You did. But the thing is I haven't died yet.

See, so you did die, but you haven't died yet. I haven't died yet. And that's because of how the time space continuum works. Basically I invented a time machine using peanuts. I can do a lot of things with peanuts. Oh, wait a minute. So you, you died in the past, but you have, before you died in the past, you have come to our future using a time machine. That's right. So you know when you die. I know when I die. But it could be at any, you may as well just know when I die because of the time machine that I used to get here and found out, Oh wow, I died. Yeah. But you may as well like live your entire life. And until you go back to the past, you're not going to die.

So it's almost like you can do anything right now. Oh, I didn't even think about it like that, but that is correct. You could be like flawless. You could be hit by a bus. You could do anything like you could, you, you could be the most reckless person on earth because you know, you're not going to die until you're back in the past. That's correct. It would be like, what are those things where. If I tried to kill myself, it wouldn't happen. Yeah. You know what I mean? You could probably severely injure yourself. Yes.

Because I believe that see time space is it's it's what am I, what am I trying to say? You can't change what happened. Yes. What, what happened happened. So you're not creating another reality by, uh, if, if something were to happen to you in the present day, this is the only reality there are no multiple earths. That's correct. Is that why we know you from no, you're a scientist, right? But it's not, it's for peanuts.

See, I'm actually, I am a scientist. It's called botanist.

Uh, but I'm also a farmer and you might know me because I am the most famous, uh, black inventor of all time. I mean, no, no, no, no, no. There's Shuri from black Panther. Oh, oh, I'm sorry. You bringing up made up characters. What is that? What are you trying to say?

You say a made up character is more famous than me. She did a lot of stuff. And I gotta say when I watched black Panther, people were like, Oh, sure. You did such a great job. No one ever said you're like a modern day George Washington Carver. And that's why I'm here. That's why that's why you're here. That is why I'm here because people are not put enough respect in my name. And yes, I know. I am the only person that people talk about when black history month rolls around. We'll get to that in a second.

But I remember there's a run DMC lyric, George Washington Carver. He made the peanut great.

Oh, I heard this kind of reductive when you think about it.

Yeah. Uh, but it's, it's not false because I definitely made the peanut great. Describe what you did with the penis for people.

What didn't I do is real question. You basically like, you didn't figure out that you could grow peanuts in the ground. You, you took, you saw peanuts and you turned them into peanut butters.

I can't remember all the ins and outs of your backstory.

Here's the thing.

I took peanuts and I developed over 300 uses for the peanut 300 uses. How many, how many do you use? I use one. That's what you think for food. Right. For yeah. Sustenance. See now this timeline is really messed up. Well, it's the only timeline according to you. You're absolutely right.

Here's the thing in my, in, in the time that I was, I was living in, you're just talking about the past versus the present. If that's how you want to call it. Remember, remember your past is my future and time traveling has made you superhuman, right? No, no, no. My grave mind has made me superhuman. See, it is my great mind that invented the peanut time machine.

What are some of the other, I mean, obviously time machine would be number two, but what are some of the other uses for it? But nobody uses it other than you. What's so crazy is I didn't even invent peanut butter. That's right. Oh, peanut butter. I didn't even think about that. No, I didn't invent peanut butter. That's what everyone says.

You invented it's messed up.

Cause I made 300 inventions with the peanut peanut butter.

Wasn't one of them. People need to stop putting respect in my name. Understand the real story, but maybe they would, if you could describe more than the two uses. All right, here we go. When I ask you, what are some of the other uses?

If you were to follow through and hold on, let me just get my list out. I forget them.

All right. Oh, sorry. Excuse me. It's a long scroll. Is that on a peanut shell or is that there you go? You got number three, three right there. Also, this was written with peanut ink.

See the thing is when you grind peanuts in a very fine way, you can use that peanut paste and peanut oil from peanut butter. Oh, what did you just say? I thought Rob's going, I already told you peanut butter was already invented. Okay. Who invented peanut butter? Cause that's, that's the thing.

I don't even know some white guy. You know what? It probably was some goddamn white guy.

Yeah. But is it, but isn't it interesting that we credit you with it? So it's almost the reverse of what usually happens. Oh, I see what's happening. I see what's happening. Now you're trying to do that. Reverse racism, bullshit. That's real. Reverse racism exists. No, it does not.

You just proved it in this timeline. You know what is funny though? I was very popular with, with white people and other black people did not like me for that. Tell me about that because you don't hear about a lot. In fact, you hear about no other scientists. It's you and Shuri.

You know what I did? I invented peanut. God damn it. It's not real. All right, go ahead. But, but why did you get to be a scientist and no other black people were ever got to be scientists?

Yeah, that is a great question because even though other black people have been scientists technically, they just not good at it. They were, I weren't as good as it as I was clearly.

I mean, yes, I know Ben Carson was a brain surgeon, but did he come up with 300 different ways to do brain surgery? Is that true? Was Ben Carson actually a brain surgeon?

Yeah. He's black. He must not have been. It's not because he's black. It's because he seems like a questionable character. You know what? To be fair. Okay. So it's you, Shuri and Ben Carson.

Yeah. There we go. Is that the company you want to keep?

Listen, I'm above all of them. You see it's me and then a large gap, a large peanut gap, if you will.

I don't know why we would. Is that one of the uses?

You can use peanuts. You can. Thank you so much. You're my friend. So you can use peanuts.

We're against you, Rob and I. It's clearly, Aaron is with you. So I want to get to some of these.

I want to hear some more uses. I want to know how I'm using the peanut.

All right. Okay. I created a massage oil from peanut, peanut oil. It actually, it actually, I actually created that to try to cure polio.

And you know what? It did. It, it did actually work. And then people try to say, no, it wasn't the oil. It was just the massages.

And I said, fuck you. Cured polio? And you said, fuck you?

Yeah, I did. Look, I gotta admit, most of the uses that out of the 300 that you've mentioned are just using oil for different things. Like you created peanut oil. You didn't create 300 different things. You created like one thing and then you have like a bunch of uses for it.

Okay. I feel like you're trying to diminish my work. And my work has been very, very, very important for this great nation of the United States of America.

Okay. That's why I met so many different presidents.

Well, I mean, you have a time machine.

Well, that too.

Yes. What'd you do? Just dip in every four years?

And basically, yeah. And I said, I'm George Washington, common. They said, you know, depending on which timeline I was in, they were like, Oh my God, I know you, you are famous. You invented peanut butter. And I slapped them in the face. And I said, I did not invent peanut butter. I created 300 users and peanut butter wasn't one of them. And they said, okay. And then if it was in the past.

Are you just teleporting into the white house? How do you get past security?

No, actually. Um, so I've invented, uh, a peanut, uh, uh, lock cutter. Okay.

That's smart.

Yes. With the peanut shells are actually very sharp. Oh, they are.

And if you take them and you meld them together, you would have them in a certain way.

You can create a very sharp knife. Whoa. Okay. I like to call it the peanut cutter.

Oh yeah. Oh, that's like a play on peanut butter, which you did not.

Don't mention. Nope. Sorry. But you're right. It was a play on that actually.

So why, why travel through time? I mean, I'm a little more interested. I don't really give shit about the peanut thing. And honestly, you you're here now. You, I mean, everyone's against peanuts. I mean, peanut allergies and you can't bring them on planes.

What a shame. Cause you guys, your legacy is being diminished, being diminished. And you know what the problem is it's corn. Cause you guys use corn and everything.

Yeah. The high fructose corn syrup. I'm telling you it's terrible for you.

I love high fructose corn syrup. Yeah. I just drink gallons of it at home.

I massaged my polio away with it. You did? You used that polio. I remember that.

Yeah. I used high fructose corn syrup to massage away my polio when I was just a child. It worked fantastic. I wish someone had time traveled. I thought we were friends. I just, I got to tell the truth. It's three on one now. They do say, tell the truth and shame the devil. So that's what they used to say. Oh, okay. That's an old saying. So why are you time traveling? This is what I mean. You've time traveled to a time where people don't even remember you. They know Shuri and they know, uh, uh, who's that other one I mentioned Ben Carson. Ben Carson. Yeah.

Who is that? You remember the fake one, but you didn't remember.

Some reason Urkel popped in my mind. Was he ever a real black? Maybe not.

I tell you, I thought things changed in this timeline, but it clearly didn't.

The one and only timeline that I exist in now. So why, why have you time traveled? Well, first of all, what a dumb question, because of course I would time travel. Anybody would, if they could. Would you time travel, Rob, if you could, uh, just to assassinate, um, some people. Yeah. Some people. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. You don't want to say, I'll say, uh, there's a guy cut me off in traffic two days ago and I would time travel and back to the moment he cut you off or when he was a baby, when he was a baby smother him, uh, shoot him, shoot him.

Yeah. That's messy. Well, just smother him in his crib. Why that's you do that. I'll race you.

The parents are going to come in. They don't know what he did in the future. They're going to come and see the baby's brain splattered all over the wall. You're in a procedural. I'm from the future.

He cut me off. Yes, you have to. I'm from the future. He cut me off in traffic in 2019 and I'm going back to the future. I'll see you later. Oh, I understand. She's so, why did they write her off?

Such a wonderful woman to understand so many of his mental problems as well as his physical problems. So lovable. Well, George Washington Carver, I, we need to take a break. I don't, I don't know that we ever drilled down exactly on your reason for being here, but, uh, can you stick around? We have other guests to get to. I will definitely stick around. I have some time to travel. I get, wait, I get it because of the time machine. Okay. I never said I was comedian. I'm a, I'm a peanut. Okay, great. Yeah. All right.

We need to take a break. We'll be right back with more comedy bang, bang after this comedy. Bang, bang. We are back here. Uh, we have Rob Hubel and Aaron Hayes. You interrupted me before I said, and Aaron Hayes. That's how bad you are steamroll. Even let people hear my name. It's a pleasure. You know, Rob, I actually did invent a peanut steamroller. If you have a, is that steamrolls peanuts to make your oil?

That's correct. Okay. Did you ever talk to Jimmy Carter?

Did you go, obviously, right?

Was he like, look, honest, I gotta be honest. You made it all happen for me. He, he was so, uh, he was so effusive in his compliments that I was like, okay, George, I will actually, I called him Jimmy and I said, okay, Jimmy, but you, you, this one time you called him George.

Yeah. Because here's the thing. I talked to myself in the mirror that that's why sometimes I forget like a, like that taxi driver guy. Um, I, I never visited whatever timeline you're talking about.

Oh, this is the timeline where Robert De Niro played a taxi driver. Oh, and then they, then they turned it into the joker. Interesting. Robert De Niro. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Look, we need to get to our next guest. Uh, he is in the custodial services. Oh, we've talked to, uh, we had a guest on a named Mike, the janitor once or twice, as I recall. Uh, but, uh, I'm always interested in talking to, uh, someone who has this job, please welcome to the show. Uh, I'm just, let's just leave baby. Let's just leave. Yeah. Yeah.

You know, I cleaned toilets by the day, but, uh, I really get it coming in hot. You're giving all your details right away.

Know who I am. Settle in, settle in and say hi to everyone.

This is George Washington. Carver.

I don't trust him. You don't trust him. Why is that? We don't know where he came from, what he's doing here, where he never said it. I don't know.

300 things for peanut butter.

Like I very explicitly said that I invented a time machine with a peanut.

For my personal use. You got me sitting right next to him.

Yeah. I don't use one thing for nuts.

I eat nuts. Okay. But the thing is, did you know that I have a peanut lubrication device?

You made more oil. What's that? You just made more oil.

Yeah. It is made for peanut oil, but it's very, very luscious. That is like, don't do that.

Don't take his stuff. Don't, don't, don't do that. Don't do my name. He steamrolled him. Yeah.

Speaking of steamrolling, this is, this is Rob Hubel. What up man? Um, this is Aaron Hayes from the medical police.

Hi. I might have some questions about toilets. You did mention toilets and Scott earlier in the show was just learning how these things work. Apparently brother go ahead. Yeah. Apparently you have to lift up a lie. A lid. So this is the thing. Okay. I've cleaned a lot of toilets. You have. I've cleaned rich toilets. I've cleaned poor people toilets.

Rich people don't lift the lid. They just pee right there on top of it. That's what I usually do.

It's disgusting. Sometimes I'm like, Hey, flush the toilet. Okay. If you're going to go number two, if you don't go booboo. Yeah.

I say if it's yellow, let it mellow. If it's brown also let it mellow. No, you can't never, never let it mellow. Never let anything mellow. Cause this is my thing. When a mellower smells.

Oh, the mellow smell. Oh, this is the thing. Cause when it smells, it gets in your body.

When it gets in your body, you have now absorbed someone else's pee. It's called duty trons.

You know, it's just Ben Carson came up with it. It's a big science thing. I may not have a degree, but I have a degree in toiletry. Yeah. That's wonderful.

Can I get it? Cause you are, you said, you said you were a rapper at.

Yeah. I can rap and I can do toilets. Oh yeah. Can I ask you a question? So you, you luscious Lee, is that a stage name? Yeah. That's that's my rap name.

That's your rap. What's your actual name? Can I ask that?

Is Leroy Leroy. What?

They never gave me a last name. What in the hell are you talking about? I don't know.

I woke up one day and they said, Hey, your name is Leroy.

How old were you? I was 12.

You were asleep until you were 12. I woke up. I had a pair of Jordans and a gold chain.

That's it. No one to close on your body. No, man.

Cut ass naked in New York city. Oh my God. Your name is Leroy.

I say, Oh snap. And then, and this, you knew slang back then. Oh, hell yeah. It was natural in my body.

And then someone said, Hey, all the good people only have one name. Like like share. Okay.

Bono. You mean Bono. What'd you say? What did I say? I said the correct name, which was Bono. You said Bono. I've been in this timeline long enough to know Bono.

Like Bono. Sonny Bono. Chastity. Chastity. Apolonia. Apolonia.

Vanity. Oh yeah. You know, Zendaya. Me. I'm just, I'm just, I heard, Hey, I had that the other day.

Samichi. I had that at the restaurant. Yeah. It was good.

So what are you doing here?

Well, I came here, they say it was a job interview because y'all needed some custodial help.

Oh yeah. In between toilets at the moment. So this would be great. I'd love to see how a job interview works here. Yeah. Please. Yeah. What are your weaknesses? That's your first question to a job applicant. I mean, I feel like I'm pretty strong at all things. I rap really well. Like rap a lot. We don't need that. Okay. I feel like when people, when people take shits, I don't run away from it. I'm like, Hey, finish. You know, sometimes you get in the, you know, sometimes you get in the bathroom in the public bathroom and the people get nervous and they're like, I don't want to make a sound because they don't want nobody here. I'm like, I'm not there. I'm here to cheer you on. So you're going to go into our restrooms and cheer people on and say, finish it, finish it and encourage them to actually finish.

Because this is the thing I realized in the, in the toilet business is that people don't feel comfortable taking dumps in public unless they got to. So what I want to do, I want to encourage people, Hey, Hey, shit on your time.

Okay. You know what? When you're at work, sometimes I'll be at work and I'll be like, I'm just going to hold this until I get home. Cause this is more of a private situation.

Don't do that. I could be paid for shitting. That's the dream.

Are you like a cheerleader? It's like a life coach. It's like a life coach. It's more like a life coach. And would you like, are you in the stall with somebody outside? You call it express yourself. Cause this is my thing. I'm right outside.

So when you're in there, first of all, you had that cough. I wanted to come cheer you on and be like, get it out. But I didn't want to do that. Cause we didn't know each other yet. But if you were in the bathroom and you were coughing, you're going to introduce yourself to everyone who goes into the bathroom. Oh, they gotta be comfortable. They gotta know Leroy is here to help you out.

Cause you won't do it unless you know the person. Yeah. Because I feel like people won't let loose unless they know you.

I don't see, I feel like this is a step that I'm not going to say I was going to the restroom.

I'm all business once I get it. That's the problem. Okay.

You want to mix with pleasure.

If you were going to go in right now, I would follow you in not too close.

Are you going into the stall with the person? I walked them into the bathroom. Oh, okay. And then I'm like, Hey, don't pick stall number three, pick stall number one. That's not what you want to do today. That's where the murders happen. You don't want that stall. You want stall number one.

More space, more space. All right. I don't, I, I don't like to give it names.

You should actually number one. It's actually called no, no, no, no. I caught 2019 stall number one. Okay. All right. Do you change the year? Every time the year changes and as more progression happens, the year got to change. Yeah. It's 2020 right now.

But, uh, uh, but you're still on 2019.

Man, he confused me with the time machines. He talked about a time machine.

What about if I'm not in a stall? I'm at the urinal. What could you, sometimes it is hard to relax there and really let your, Rob, what's your, what's your strategy? Do you take your pants all the way down to the ankles when you're at the urinal? Like some lunatics, I see urinal.

Usually I do kind of like a dog, like where I'll go down on all fours and then like hike one leg on and just try to angle it up and try to shoot it up. And in there, I got the perfect thing for you. Right. When you get down on all fours, I'm gonna get down with you, but I'm gonna come right next to your face. So you're gonna come right next to his face. Yeah. Whatever you mean, that's exactly what I make sure you use peanut oil lubrication. All right. I don't, I'm allergic. I don't think I want that. I'm allergic. I don't think I want that. No, no, no, no. Wait. What I do is I say, Hey, you can do it. Oh, that sounds nice. Are you, are you massaging him at all? It's called, it's called it. It's called an ear tender.

Oh, okay. Whisper sweet nothings in your ear. It tenderizes the edge. It's like ASMR. Could you try, could you try whispering some of these tender notes to us on mic and we'll see if we pretend to pee. Yeah. I don't want to pretend. I want to see if it actually triggers something, you know, they, they call it, they, uh, they have the Brown notes, you know, bass sounds that are so low. They make you shit. I didn't know about that. I'm wondering if maybe these are the yellow notes. If you're, if you're sweet nothings or now you're just humming. No, I'm warming it up.

He's warming up your voice. I'm warming it up. You know, I do have some peanut oil that helps to warm up voices. I'm allergic. Oh my God. Robert. That's my full name. Yeah. Robert. You can do anything you want to do. Wait, I'm getting hard. I'm getting hard.

Hold on. Put your penis in your hand. No one is here but us. Oh no. He's peeing on his face. No one's here but us. Oh, pee wherever you want.

This is your toilet. You can pee on the roof. You can pee on the sink. Oh, cause you know what?

We're here together. We're here together. You can do it.

You can do it. You're about to finish that.

Oh, I'm peeing. You are finishing that. I don't think you have finish anymore. You see how that felt? That was great. I hope you had an experience. You went into like a fugue state where you said you were a piss boy. I blacked out. It happens. Everyone has a different experience. There's so much piss in my pants right now. So that's going to happen if to anyone who goes into our bathroom, they're going to pee all over the place and they're going to call themselves piss boys? Piss boys is optional. Well, Luscious Lee, we need to take a break but as we're going out, do you want to give us one of your best raps? I thought you'd never ask. Uh, Miss Tape, good shit popping, coming out February 2020. Catch it.

Uh, high fire. Was that the rap? No, that's my second. That's my drop. That's when people do what people do. My favorite rap lyrics is, can I hear more in the headphones? See, but that's his drop. You know what I'm saying? But that's not my, that's not how my drop goes. Okay, so is your drop over? I just, I just, yeah, that was just, okay. Yeah.

I said, you know, hello fire. Okay. All right.

All right, so here we go. People want to be the shit, but shit is nasty and dirty. I be shitting all day. He doesn't like this shit. You say what that mean?

I say, motherfucker, I don't know.

All I gotta say is I'm not even about to go. Did y'all?

Yeah. Interesting. Sort of contradicted your, all of your backstory. Right? Like it felt like, like you really loved people releasing all their duties. But you gotta have a rap, but you gotta have a rap persona. You know, I feel like, I feel like, you know, the fact that you did wake up after 12 years of living on the earth and realize you had no idea where you came from or who you are has allowed your, um, your wants and your desires to be very, very mixed. Rappers, all rappers have a persona. Some, some talk about it. How do you know that? You, I mean, you just woke up. I'm in the game.

I'm in the game. You're like 12 years mentally younger than what you do. That when people usually say they're in the game, they're referring to drugs.

I'm in the rap game. Okay. I see. Yeah. But maybe it's just a sad little boy who needs a last name.

You're so understanding. Do you want to have my last name?

Leroy Hayes. It sounds, wait, are you, are you offering to give him your last name? So you wouldn't have, you wouldn't have a last name anymore. I wouldn't have a last name anymore. You would just be, I'm a mother and that's what we do.

I mean, I would go with Lee Hayes. Oh, you want that's not the offer. She wants you to go by your full Christian name. Leroy Hayes. Oh, otherwise no deal. So if I had to sign this in triplicate and I'm a notary public, I mean, I would like to have a last name. I would sign that here. Use my peanut. Peanut. Peanut. George. I told you. I don't believe that. Sure. You wouldn't see Shuri forcing her inventions on people like the way you do.

Sorry. We'll have some that automatically signs it for me, but I'm a sign right now.

Thank you. All right. So look, I have a last name, which means I am like a rap star.

Probably. Maybe that's how it works. Right?

Yeah. You just have one name. You're like pink. Yeah. Look, we need to take a break. But, uh, when we come back, we have someone from the CBAACB, which is very incredible to have someone from that organization here. Oh, we'll find out after the break. We will be right back with Leroy Hayes, George Washington Carver, Rob Hubel and Aaron. We'll be right back with more comedy.

Comedy. Bang, bang. We are back. Rob Hubel. Pleasure. Pleasure.

And can I introduce the co-star now? Sorry, I steamrolled it. Aaron is here. Hey, right. Yes. Oh, you almost said your own last name. I forgot. I don't even have a last name anymore. It's true. Are you just saying, Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey. That's fat Albert's cast phrase.

Right. What do you think about Bill?

Why don't we talk about George Washington Carver? You've you've seen him through the, all through the years. No, I haven't visited every single timeline. I skipped the eighties.

When you say timeline, you're just talking about years. Isn't that what everybody calls years and timeline? Not really. I think the timeline goes different ways. All right. We also have Leroy Hayes, formerly known FKA as lusciously. Lusciously. That's my stage name. No, not anymore.

You're Leroy Hayes. But we need to get to our next guest.

He is a, he's either the head or the member of, I can't recall, of the CBAACB. Please welcome Marcus Tanner. Oh, thank y'all so much for having me here. I am a member of the CBAACB. You're a member. I am not the president. I am not the founder. I am a member. As we all know, the CBAACB. You're also coming in so hot. Just relax for a minute. Like say hello to everybody. I'm sorry. Hello everybody. How are y'all doing? He has a speech for the day. It is lovely to be here. Some of the niceties, you know what I mean? Like, just relax into this. It is lovely to be here. I'm saying I was listening to some of the playback and there have been a lot of triggers for the CBAACB spoken throughout the last hour or so. Oh no. I'm not familiar with the organization. Yes, it is the coalition of black actors against Chadwick Boseman. I guess Black Panther? Now I think I want to join this organization. I don't want no positive. Yes. Now, now look, now look. What is your beef with Chadwick?

I have to say he is a fantastic actor. He can play so many parts. He can play so many parts.

Do we have to play all the parts though? Oh, I see what you're doing there. Does he have to play all the parts though? And I'm saying these are the triggers we were talking about sharing earlier.

So y'all know that was a very clear direction. And I'm also sitting here with a prominent historical black figure. Thank you very much. Which is I wouldn't expect him to walk into that. No, no, but he has a time machine. Yes. Yeah. Wow. I mean, goodness gracious. I am an historical black figure and I feel like most people aren't recognizing it.

Thank you. Yes. It's one of the few roles left for aspiring black actors to play is just George Watson covers.

Everyone else has been playing. Are you kidding me? There hasn't been a movie made about me yet?

Not a single in all of your travels you haven't seen. What in the living hell? Not even a development deal or a script deal or anything. What about the Hallmark movie? How does that make any sense? I made 300 Adventures of the Peanut. I got to admit if there was a film about you, what the time machine is really your only interesting thing.

All the peanut stuff. I would jettison it. The time machine. I didn't even tell anybody about it. I know this is the first time any of us are hearing about it, but I tell you it's the only movie worthy thing that cannot be trying to write a script. I hate to say it. To the union. I'm sorry. It's a union. What is the work that you do? We coach young black actors and train them how to be better than Chadwick Grossman. This is like acting lessons. This is an acting school. It's an acting school.

It sounds like Scientology. I'm not just an acting teacher.

This just sounds like a scam.

This is the quickest I've gone from someone giving their details to noticing it's a scam on this show. I mean, you know, I've gotten close. I've auditioned for a thing or two.

Yeah. So I auditioned for 21 bridges. Oh, that's a lot of bridges. Did you audition for the main part? Yes. I auditioned for, for whatever Chadwick's part was. What was his name? He was the chef. That's the most bridges that have ever been in a movie. Can we agree on that?

Well, Todd Bridges. Well, Different Strokes had one bridges.

Definitely Todd.

Todd Bridges. Chris Bridges. Ludicrous.

You gotta get Chris. Oh yeah. Does Ludicrous pop up at the end of that movie and go, you can't do this without me? No, he does not. And that is, it's offensive. Cause you count the bridge. When you look at the movie, you count the bridges and you get to around 19 and you're like confused. I love a good counting movie. I do too. Oh yeah.

But you know, so he's not, he's not in that he, he, he does not appear in 20. Oh yeah. What do you got? Let's just wait. I mean, I'm sorry. 12 toilets, 12 toilets, 12 toilets. And here it is.

It's a musical movie. Okay.

We haven't had a black musical. All right. Yeah. There's never been a black musical. I mean, a movie. I think there's Amistad there's yeah. They do sing at the beginning of the ship.

You know, there's a, there's a ain't too proud to beg. What's the name of that movie?

You are a part of a union. I am not the head of this union.

I'm just a member.

Does the organization ever organize like protests? Do you ever, what would you go to a movie set where he's shooting? We have tried, it is very hard to get into some of these studios. You got to have permission to be there. You got to have permission. Yeah. Do you have to ask permission every day on the set? Yeah. When I show up, they say, whose permission do you have?

And I say, Rob Corddry. Okay. So yes. And see, I go to, I have, I have since been banned from a lot of, from a lot of studios because of my work. What do you do? Yeah. So what we do, so what we do, we do, the way in which we protest Chadwick Boseman.

Okay. Is we, we go out to the studios and we get a bunch of Bose stereo systems. Okay. Okay. We get a bunch of Bose you see, cause his name is where it's coming from. He's a man and you have the bones. Yes. And so we go, I like it. We go to the studios and first we try to get in.

So we should, we all show our ideas and we say our names and we wait for about that. You show your real ideas. That don't make no sense.

We show our ideas. Why is this part of the plan? Yeah. You know you're not on the list. Yeah.

They're not going to let you. But if we could get inside and closer. If you were to say like, this is a distraction while some of the other of us climb over the wall, I would understand, but you guys just end my. No, we try to, yeah. We try to, cause we want to go through the proper channels. Okay. It's hard to get us an organization up off the ground, you know, from the ground.

We should try to get a costume. Oh, can I ask you a question? Yes. What if there was a movie, a biopic about Chadwick Boseman? Do you think he would play himself? I would hope so. You know what?

They'll probably do. They'll probably do that, that, uh, that bullshit that they do where they animate the person, the same person they're doing a James Dean. So, you know, when he's on his death bed, they're going to be like, we never made a movie about you. We have to paint. We're going to have to pay on for you younger. And they're going to do that for, you know, they should use my peanut paint because is the peanut paint. Does it work through technology? Like, does it, is it, can it be computer transit? Like a Shuri situation where suddenly like you put it through a computer and that is a trigger Scott. Here's the thing.

It's better because it's like old school makeup and you don't have to pay all of those computer people because there were no computers.

The pain, the people is not the issue. Yeah. We need to look good. It will look good. It's made of peanuts. Okay. I don't know. I have a suggestion. I mean, to get to the heart of this Chadwick Boseman problem, what if you used, uh, George Washington Carver's time machine and you time traveled back and smothered him or shot him to death in his crib? I wasn't going to say that.

Well, I would just say you show up to the audition right before him. So you go first and get the part and you act exactly like the way, you know, he acts in the movie, every acting choice, every inflection you've memorized it. The film go back in time.

Okay. I will, you know what I will do?

I will put together a memo and I will present this to my fellow brothers and sisters. Just do it.

No, just do it. You got the time machine in the room. You fucking nerd. Just do it. There's a time machine right there. The time machine is right here in the corner. No, I'm sorry. You just have to go through the proper channels. This is why you're never going to make it. I think this is a great idea. How long have you wanted to be an actor? Oh, you know, since, since the beginning.

What do we say? Beginning of what? The beginning of my time on this planet.

The first 12 years are also a part of this. So the first 12 years, you know, I was looking up and I saw all kinds of people. I saw that movie 12 years of slave 12 years, a lot on the show.

Know that I was a slave. I was born into slavery. No, you weren't. That's a real fact. Yep. You were born. Everything that I've said has been real facts, but that is also a real fact. Did the peanuts grow into things you picked? Is that role? That is wrong. You are trivializing. Wait, were you? Yeah. Were you picking peanuts that he gave you ideas or did you end being? No, we were picking cotton. Okay. Well, it was rough. Well, are you laughing, man? I feel like that's a sad thing. Oh, it was sad. I've triggered. I've learned how to take my triggers and turn them into humor so that I do not cry in front of her. That's great.

That's cool. I liked that. That's cool. I liked it. Can I ask you a question, Marcus? What do you think of Eddie Murphy? Oh, you know, because he plays all the parts on his movies too. He does play all the parts on his own movies and you know, so Tadwick Boseman, you think is playing parts in other people's movies? See, that's the difference.

See the difference is he's in the movie. It's his movie.

Eddie Murphy creates, you know, roles for himself to play various roles within the same film. Except for Norbit. She was, oh yes, except for Norbit. Wait, was Norbit the woman? Norbit was a woman. Norbit was the dude, but he was a lover. But he, yeah, Norbit was the guy. The guy was in Norbit. Oh, that's right.

Why didn't we talk about that on the first episode? Because it didn't come up. Do you get mad at movies where people have to play their own twin?

Yes, because that could be a role for another actor. Here's the thing. There are a lot of twin actors. There's Matthew Lawrence and the Skar brothers, you know, and they should be playing the twin roles. But instead we're just like, you know, getting one guy to suddenly play double duty. Do they get two paychecks? I doubt it.

They probably do not. And see, it's becoming ever more frustrating to even imagine. I'm imagining now Chadwick Boseman in a film where he has to play a twin.

Chadwick Boseman. And Chadwick Boseman.

Featuring Chadwick Boseman. Yeah. One of them should be in a fat suit. Yeah, Chadwick Boseman and his fat suit. That would be the way to go about it.

What would you say to Chadwick if you met him? Oh, if I saw him right now, first I would say 21 Bridges is a classic. And I love that movie.

Wait, what? You're complimenting? That's a terrible first thing to say. You're all hat and no cattle.

You got to nut up here. Is there one of the words in your acronym against Chadwick Boseman?

George Washington Carver. George Washington Carver. I'm very, very excited when I said nut up.

I'm just writing that down because that gave me an idea for another peanut invention.

Erin, what were you going to say? I was going to say isn't one of the words in your acronym an against. Yes. So the first thing you would do would be compliment him.

Yes. Yes. But again, you're a coward. Maybe I am a coward.

Maybe I am. But I just know that there is a world where any black actor can play any role and it doesn't have to keep going to the same one.

So that's your main beef is that he's getting all the roles.

He's getting all the roles. Have you auditioned for every movie that he's ever been in?

Every single one. Can you give us some of your dialogue? We want to see how you would do it as opposed to Chadwick Boseman. Yes. I will show you some a little bit of a, this is a little bit of Black Panther. I love it. That's a good movie. Chadwick did real good. It goes up like this.

I'm the Black Panther. I don't recall that scene. That was terrible. I don't know that scene at all.

Is that a deleted scene? No, no. It's the main scene of the first.

Main scene? I'm not scared of Black Panther at all.

I don't think you've seen the movie Black Panther. You reminded me more of like an Eartha Kitt as a Catwoman to be honest. Or Eartha Kitt as a Santa Baby.

Eartha Kitt is the goat as it were.

She was the best in every timeline. Did you ever hit that?

Uh oh.

Of Peanut Farmer Never Tells. He didn't. He didn't. He didn't.

He didn't. What was your feedback after you did that audition? George, she didn't say feedback. Put your peanuts away.

All right. I was getting them ready. I don't want any more peanuts.

I'm sorry. Everybody should eat peanuts every day though.

Continue.

Well, they did. They told me they were like, you felt a little bit more like a kitty cat than a panther. Yeah. I actually felt that.

If you playing the kitty cat, you got to get in the back.

That is a good rhyme. That was a good rhyme.

That was a good rhyme. That was a good rhyme.

Wait. If you playing a kitty cat, you got to get in the back.

Like a bat. Like the back. Like you're like the back of the cat.

I think that's what they call off rhyme. Yeah. It's almost a rap.

Cats and back. Yeah. Top 10 rapper.

Classic. Top 10 rapper.

That's your dream to be a top 10 rapper. Top 10 rapper.

All right. Well, good luck. You can travel to the future and find out if he does.

Oh, could you do that for me? Yeah.

Just go ahead right now. Go ahead right now. We'll wait for you.

Oh, it looks like a penis. Wow. Look at that.

Oh, he's back. Oh, hey.

Come on, man. The Grammys.

How famous is he? How many Grammys?

I'm bigger than Kendrick, right? To be honest, what I just saw in the future was so horrific. Oh no.

What happened? How long were you gone?

I just jumped 60 years in the future.

Am I? Okay. Yeah. But how long were you gone in your own time?

In my own time? Yeah. Because you have white hair now.

And you look like the wizard from Shazam. Yeah. I was gone for 13 years.

Wow. Wow.

Do you remember this? Oh, what were you doing?

Well, immediately when I arrived. You were 60 years in the future. So you were in the year 2080.

The earth is still here? The earth is here, but.

So global warming doesn't exist. Nope. It certainly does.

Am I there? Am I still here?

See, here's the thing. See, the anarchy is raining 60 years from now.

The purge. Is that a rapper?

It's like the purge.

Yeah, it is like the purge. That's exactly right.

So you've seen the purge?

I have seen the purge.

Dude, I mentioned... He's such a time traveler.

Of course he is.

I've seen most things except for things from the 80s.

The comedy show.

Now, hold on. You've seen most things? How old are you? How long?

He pauses time, watches the movie.

I also created a peanut oil cream that I believe is a...

So it's a cream, not oil.

All you did was create oils. Anyway, what happens to Luscious Lee?

You did not make it.

As a rapper, in terms of life, you die very, very soon.

Oh, no.

Very soon? Like from now?

Oh, yes. From today?

Mm hmm.

It is in a tragic way, so much so that I was able to read about it in the archives.

By the way, the reason I was gone for 13 years, because it took me a long time to get to the archives.

There are not many.

Oh, really?

This is a fantastic story.

Is it?

Both stories. The fact that you can time travel and you've seen so much.

Okay.

This is Bozeman worthy.

This is... No, no.

We should make a movie with Chad Miller.

Definitely. This is in this...

Oh, shit. Play me.

I just got an alert from Variety. It's in development.

Oh, baby.

What about my George Washington comic movie?

Is that also in development?

Oh, no, no, no.

God.

No, it's all about the archives.

All right.

In the future.

Oh, well.

Yeah. I just...

I just thought that I'm a dad soon.

So we all get it.

We didn't know.

We don't know how are you going to...

We don't.

Are we not allowed to find out how?

I'm not dead, right?

That's my New Year's resolution.

What's that?

I'm not dead.

It's my New Year's resolution.

It was weird.

Yeah. Yeah.

That was my resolution.

Was it just the two of you?

What?

In this future.

There are many, many other people.

But a lot of them were cannibals.

Oh, OK.

I was trying to get them to eat peanuts and they were not happening.

That makes sense.

But you just assumed they were cannibals then?

I saw them eating other human beings.

I didn't assume.

OK.

All right.

Come on now.

All right.

So we didn't have sex in the future, did we?

Wait, what?

A peanut farmer never did.

OK, we didn't.

You didn't.

You didn't even get close.

Didn't happen.

OK, well, I'm so sorry that you're going to die.

Does he die during the episode or after the episode?

No, no, no.

After the episode.

When I say soon, I mean, it's a couple of years.

Do all of you guys come to the funeral?

Oh, couple of years.

Is everybody in this room right here?

You look very young, so I feel like a few years from now is pretty soon.

Is that in the archives who goes to someone's funeral?

No, absolutely not.

Why would it be?

When you read obituaries, do you see who attended to your funeral?

Stupid fucking question, Leroy.

No, because I'm someone important to Chadwick Boseman who's going to play my life.

You are.

No, no.

No, Chadwick Boseman isn't playing your life.

He's playing one of the cannibals.

It's all right here in the variety.

Very triggering for the CBAA CB.

You know, I will be writing yet another memo about this.

Yeah.

The complete disregard for the personal feeling.

You have to do something.

I am so sorry.

Do you want to have my first name?

Erin, you won't have any names.

You won't have a name at all.

I'm a mother.

This is what you give and we give.

What will they put on the call sheet for medical police?

Oh, that's a great question.

You could be a symbol like Prince.

You can be Aaron Tanner.

I would I would be on it.

Aaron with two ends.

Yeah, this is incredible.

I would be on it.

All right.

Just sign this.

And I'm a notary.

So a triplicate.

There we go.

All right.

Wow.

I signed one earlier.

Okay.

This is incredible.

So look, we're running out of time on the show.

We only have one final feature.

And that is, of course, a little something called plugs.

I'm looking for this.

Oh, that was neutral plug hotel by Lost and Found.

All right.

Rob Hubel and.

We can be artists formerly known as Aaron Hayes.

Yeah.

Or maybe I just like like an inhale with that too.

Yeah.

Rob Hubel and what are you plugging here?

Medical Police.

Netflix just dropped.

It just came out.

Ten episodes on Netflix.

Flip it on and get ready to strap your dick down.

Yeah.

All your parts.

All your flapping parts.

People are binding their breasts and penises.

Anything that flaps is in danger.

If it flaps, it flaps.

That's a wrap.

If it flaps, it's got straps.

So it gets trapped.

Right.

Okay.

That's a great wrap.

Wraps.

If it wraps or flaps.

It gets the straps.

Right.

Okay.

Medical Police.

George Washington Carver.

What are you plugging here?

You know, I watch a lot of things, of course, Traveling Time, except for the 80s.

And there was a show that came out, I believe, a month ago on Netflix as well.

It was called Astronomy Club, the sketch show, and I liked it very much.

Well, of course, everyone at this point has been out a month and everyone has been rhapsodizing over it.

That's right.

Yes.

Calling it the first great sketch show of the 2020s.

Yes.

Even though it came out in the 2010s.

How's everybody's new decade going?

Oh, it's good.

It's good.

This timeline's all right.

Well, I found out I'd die soon, so I told you.

Oh, maybe you could plug your funeral.

Yeah.

So a bunch of people will come and it'll get written about in the archives.

That's what I'm talking about.

All right.

Leroy Hayes, what are you plugging?

There's this podcast called Black Men Can't Jump in Hollywood.

Oh, interesting.

Yeah.

It's like these three handsome, strapping young black men, they review movies.

If it's got straps, they're strapped.

Yeah.

They're fully strapped.

If it flaps and slaps, so they strap it down.

Oh, they strap it down.

Oh, they strap it all the way down.

They have imperceptible penises.

Is that what you're saying?

I mean, I don't like to say the rumors are true, but...

No bulges.

You know, I made a podcast from Peanuts.

It's called Nutcast.

Okay.

No one wants to hear about your dumb enough thing.

I don't like that at all.

Podcast.

All right.

So Black Men Can't Jump in Hollywood.

And it's a podcast that's out right now.

It's out right now.

You can check it out.

It's on iTunes and Spotify.

Those guys are funny.

You should do it to start off your new decade right.

I love that.

Yeah.

All right.

Wonderful.

That makes sense.

Aaron Tanner, what are you plugging here?

I, of course, co-sign Astronomy Club on Netflix, and also Black Men Can't Jump in Hollywood.

It is.

These are both staples at the CBAA-CB.

And Chadwick Boseman, nowhere to be found in either.

Oh, he's on an episode.

But also the CBAA-CB, we are doing a community production of Lissa Strada on January 28th at 7.45 PM.

And where are you getting the actors for this?

Or do they have to sign up for your classes and pay you hundreds, if not thousands of dollars?

Yes, it is.

It is for the featured roles, of course.

Oh, okay.

Because all the main roles are being performed by the members of the CBAA-CB.

So you can be background.

So you can pay a lot of money and be like a background artist.

We got featured extra.

Yes, a featured extra.

That's what we like to call it.

And Lissa Strada.

And Lissa Strada, yes.

Yeah.

I don't know about that.

The more featured extras you get, the higher up on the call sheet you're going to get eventually.

These are great tips.

Some of my inventions may be shoddy, but you, sir, are a true scamster.

What?

I don't know what y'all talking about.

And make sure to keep following me because I may be dying soon.

So please, if you read about my death, come to the funeral.

It's going to be popping.

I'm going to play my mixtape, y'all.

Wait, you're going to play your mixtape at your funeral?

Yeah, that's my one request when I die.

Did you put it in a will or anything like that?

I'm doing it right now as we speak right to the Lord.

All right, I'm a notary, so let's make sure you think.

No, peanut, pencil.

Get your peanut shit out of here.

All right, I want to plug, you know, I really don't have anything other than the Between Two Ferns movie that's still on Netflix.

Look, if you're going to be spending a lot of time watching Medical Police and Astronomy Club, just end the day by watching Between Two Ferns.

All right, let's close up the old plug bag.

You start with a C when you want to close it up.

You lead with an L and then you open up the plug bag.

Take your hands and open it up.

Then Horatio comes and then he just says, Open up the plug bag.

Everybody wants to open up the plug bag.

Just keep it fucking open up the plug.

Open up the plug.

Open it up.

All right, now I'm I don't know that I'm getting used to it.

I hope maybe someone out there is remixing.

Maybe Leroy Hayes.

Yeah, I'm making it.

That's my last track before I kick the can.

Okay, well, you know, if you just never do that track, then you'll live for a long time.

Just like George Washington Carver.

Is that how the time that works?

It I mean, no, because you don't actually have the information, but sure.

Sure.

Yeah, you're the one who just said it.

So pretty sure you're going to be poisoned by George Washington Carver.

I feel like forcing those peanuts on you.

This place.

Wait, George Washington Carver.

You never said that.

Are you the guy who kills him?

Listen, I don't.

But I said it was a very terrible, tragic accident.

Is it a water skiing accident?

It's a water.

Peanut farmer.

Never tell.

Oh, so he doesn't kill me.

He doesn't.

Yeah, he doesn't even get close.

He doesn't get any wind in me.

Well, guys, I want to thank you so much for being on the show.

Rob and.

Pleasure.

So great seeing you guys.

Thank you for having me.

Rob, our second oldest guest, because obviously Tom Lennon got top billing.

He was number one on my call sheet.

Was Tom supposed to be here today?

I think he was.

Instead of me.

Yeah.

That's what I thought.

Unfortunately.

And it's always great to see you.

Oh my gosh.

Thank you for having me.

Going forward, this has been a tricky day because I don't know how to introduce myself in conversations.

I don't know how to do that.

Thank you.

Well, you know, it, it, one of my names.

Cause I do have three.

Yeah.

You have three.

You have an extra one.

George Washington and Carver.

Which one do you want off of him?

I guess I'll take Carver.

Oh, that's a good one.

You know, cause it's like, what is Shane Manor?

Might be a little confusing for some people.

You're just going to be George Washington.

I guess I'll just be George Washington.

Here you go.

Carver.

Oh my gosh.

Thanks.

So, all right.

So, uh, Rob Hubel and Carver and George Washington and Leroy Hayes and Aaron Tanner.

Yes.

Great to have you guys on the show.

Thank you.

And, uh, uh, you know, uh, there's nothing else to say, except we'll see you next time.

All right.

Can we all agree?

We'll see you next time.

I mean, it's a podcast, but yeah, we'll see you next time.

I'll see you in heaven y'all.

All right.

We'll see you next time.

Thanks.

Bye.
