♪ Comedy Bang Bang ♪ Shoochie moochie, get your hands off my coochie, Stanley Tucci.

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

Ah, thank you, Moretta Concetta for that wonderful catchphrase submission.

And welcome to Comedy Bang Bang for another week, middle of January.

January 20, 20, 20, 20.

That's right. That's got to be good luck.

And hopefully it's great luck for you for listening to this program today.

My name is Scott Aukerman and I'm the host of Comedy Bang Bang and a lot of dogs in the studio.

I just saw one out there in the hall and another one out here.

And that's also good luck.

And if there are any bad luck signs, I'll certainly point those out to you.

We have a wonderful show here today.

We have, coming up a little later, we have a grandmother.

Oh, how wonderful. I love familial relationships.

We also have a restauranteur, which I believe there are two Us in that job title.

I think. One of the only words with two Us in it?

Maybe. I can't think of another one.

My last name.

That's true. And speaking of two Us, he puts the two Us in two Us.

Let's talk to him first. He is a returning champion, of course.

He has been on the show many times.

He let's see. He first came to my attention, if not the world's, if not Canada's, as a cast member of the seminal television science fi series.

Arfin Black, where he played Jerry.

Where were you, Jerry?

Donnie.

Same thing.

Yeah, it's an E sound.

You were the wacky neighbor on that show. Is that about right?

You watched it. You've moderated panels about it with us.

I watched one episode in order to get a feel for it so I could ask and tell it to you questions.

Yeah, this is true. I was the husband.

You were the husband?

The husband of the show.

No other character had a husband?

No, they had boyfriends. They had a lot of people on Orphan Black.

Yeah, I was the husband.

You were the only married, only married character. That's canon.

That's canon.

Speaking of Nick Cannon and Kay Cannon, previous guests, let's welcome him.

A previous guest to the show, Christian Brunner.

Hi. So nice to be back.

Hi. Welcome.

Do I have a championship? You said a returning champ.

I don't know what I'm talking about.

Happy time. Welcome.

I feel welcome.

Do you?

Yeah, I like the dogs. I like 2020, I think that's an auspicious number.

Two good luck signs.

Yeah.

And I'm hoping that no bad luck signs come into this room.

Yeah, let's not have any.

Yeah, what do you got? I mean, let's take a look at your outfit. Your shoes are tied. Your zipper's up.

Yep, unfortunately it is.

Go ahead and feel free to take that down at any point during the show.

Yeah, I like to get comfortable in here. Zipped.

Of course.

Hands are at the ankles.

Christian, you were on the show, by the way, congratulations on being in the Best ofs.

Thank you. Oh my God, what an honor. Yeah.

Where did you land on the Best ofs? Was it 12 or so?

I think it was 12.

11 somewhere?

I think it was around 12.

Wonderful.

Yeah. Didn't crack the top 10.

Did not crack the top. Have you ever cracked the top 10? I think you have.

I think once, yeah.

Yeah, but maybe your first appearance.

It could be.

And then the long downhill slide.

It's been sliding downhill.

We'll see how this one goes.

Yeah, early in the year. Easy to forget.

The reason you have come back onto this show.

The reason for the season, in fact, one might say is there's supposedly a television show.

And I was surprised to learn that we've talked about it on this very show.

I've come on the show and promoted it.

And I've retained zero knowledge about what this show is.

So you've seen it.

Exactly like Orphan Black.

Yeah.

It's apparently called Carter.

It is definitely called Carter. It's not Agent Carter.

It's not Agent Carter. It's not Carter the Unstoppable Sex Machine.

No, that's just me on a Friday night.

Okay. Do you play the titular Carter?

I'm not the titular Carter.

You're a supporting player on this Carter show?

I'm a supporting lead, Scott.

Supporting lead?

Number three on the call sheet.

Come on. I mean, that's something.

Are you a married man?

I am not a married man. I am a single loser.

You're a single loser on this show.

Yeah.

And let me guess, one and two are very good looking.

They're very romantic.

They have romantic subplots.

Yes.

And you're the yang to their yin.

I'm the best friend.

The best friend.

To both number one and number two.

And how does one approach a role like that in Carter, which is a show?

It is a television show.

It's not even digital content.

It literally comes on television on cable and stuff like that?

It comes on if you, and I know everybody has it, if you have WGN America.

What? What is that?

If you have DirecTV or AT&T or something.

What is WGN?

WGN.

What does that stand for?

OK. WGN.

I don't know what it stands for.

You don't even know what it stands for?

We're Great Now, I think it is.

OK.

Because before they weren't as, but now we're great now because of Carter.

It started as We're Good Now.

Yeah.

And now it's We're Great Now because they got Carter.

Is that some sort of like regional cable station or something like?

I think Chicago based Tribune Media owns it.

I think we're getting sold or have been sold.

So is this the end of the line for Carter?

It very well could be.

We all know how much executives coming in love to keep the shows that are already theirs.

Yes, of course.

Not theirs at all, but it's already there.

Yes.

Reinvest.

Yeah, reinvest.

So it's on WGN America.

As opposed to all the WGNs out there at all the different countries.

Yeah, it's not on WGN Canada, but it is on WGN America.

OK.

It's stars.

Do you want the stars?

Sure.

I'm not going to have heard of them too.

Number one on the call sheet.

Jerry O'Connell.

OK, I do know Jerry O'Connell.

There you go.

That's right.

OK, now this is sort of ringing a bell.

But it doesn't with me.

It's just with Jerry because he's super famous.

Well, only because like I'm not remembering any details about the show.

I'm just remembering you saying the words Jerry O'Connell.

OK, OK, this is great.

OK, so Jerry O'Connell.

So who's number two?

Number two is Sidney Poitier-Hartsong.

Oh, from Death Proof.

Yes, exactly.

OK, that's right.

All right, very good.

And are they together in the show?

Are they romantic?

They are Will They Won't Theys.

That classic Will They Won't Theys.

Did they or didn't they?

Yep.

I won't answer that question.

Spoilers.

I don't want to give anything away.

Is this a binge thing where everyone can just watch every episode or are we building two?

I think it comes out every week, starting today, 2020.

Starting today.

Which is auspicious.

The number is auspicious.

Season two.

Season three could happen.

Yeah, season two.

Season two, 20, 20, 20.

That's right.

And how many episodes are we talking?

Ten solid hour episodes.

You squeezed out ten.

We squeezed them out.

You eked them out.

Yeah, we really just hunkered down.

You're on the bad side of nine.

Exactly.

We got good on the ten.

And is this a cop show?

It is a procedural comedy detective show.

Detective show?

Detective show.

Are you a detective in it?

I get dragged into many high jinks in adventure.

Did you or don't they?

Don't they?

I don't they.

Did you or don't they?

Dust thou and don't they?

Is that a Shakespeare genre, by the way?

Didst they or...

Didst they or dost they?

Dost thou.

Dust thou, don't thou?

Yeah, that's a very popular improv game.

So you go around solving crimes, I would imagine one a week.

Yes, we've one week, one client, one mystery, one solve.

Any more than that.

Carter gets a little testy.

He gets real testies.

So Jerry O'Connell plays an actor, a famous actor, who's played a detective on TV.

And doo doo, a crate doo doo.

Well done.

A crazy scandal.

He ends up going back to a small hometown in Canada and there he reunites with his his high school best friends who they've had a falling out.

This is all in season one.

I'm sure you already know this.

This is like an American Chicago thing.

Yeah, it's just really cheaper to film in Canada.

It is on in Canada on a different channel.

It's on CTV drama, formerly Bravo.

So this is like Schitt's Creek meets me going to sleep.

Yeah, you can sleep your way through it.

Are you saying you sleep through Schitt's Creek?

No, I'm saying I'm wide awake during that.

Oh, OK.

This would put me to sleep.

This one will be very clear with my slam.

OK, great.

Great slam.

OK.

And so you're still going.

Yeah.

Sydney plays love interest, but she's an actual detective.

But Jerry is an actor who's played a detective, but he's also a genius.

Oh, that's right.

This is Castle.

This is like this is Castle.

Budget Castle.

Now you remember.

Yeah, that's right.

I'm surprised you don't remember after watching the first season, all 10 episodes.

And he thinks he's good.

This is also what was the great Rob Lowe show?

Yes, the pusher, the closer, the clincher.

I can't even remember now, but it was so funny.

But it's like that a guy who's played this so much.

He thinks he's good at it.

It is a very original classic trope of detective of the detective genre.

It's more comedic based.

And this season they let us improv a lot and have some fun with it and come up with bits.

Lyric Bent joins us as a romantic foil to Jerry and Sydney.

I get no love.

Isn't that when they when you say they let us come up with bits?

Isn't that the writer's job?

Like, are they just taking a breather or what?

Are we supposed to pay attention to the words they give us?

They're getting the WGA checks on this.

And what do you get?

WGN.

Do they do you get paid more when you like does everyone have like a bit tally where it's like, I got a bit.

I put another $100.

We have a tablature of all the bits that have been improved.

We get bonuses for them.

So it's a real nightmare on set.

Improved, I say.

Yes, thank you.

I mean, that's how you really should pronounce it.

So what are some of your funny improv you do this season?

Well, there's one.

Pretend I'm your mom.

There's one where Jerry has to get a mummified thumb out of a house.

Oh, his house.

He sneaks into someone's house out of his house, out of his house, sneaks in to a house, steals a thumb, and then has to throw it to me for fingerprint ID.

This isn't Fonzie's mummified thumb from Happy Days from the 50s.

I wish it was like 1950.

I would imagine Happy Days Fonzie died New Year's Eve 1959.

Yeah.

And it comes out of a time capsule.

Because the 50s were no longer and then he stuck his thumb into the ground when he died, when he just had a fatal heart attack, stuck his thumb in the ground.

It the worms ate it or it just like solidified underground.

His whole body, the rest of his body decomposed.

Great.

But his mom was still his mom.

His mom, his mom, his mom, his mom, his mom was still under the ground.

Is that what happened?

That's not canon, but that was the backstory that I came up with when I was going through my Stella Adler stuff to prep.

I'm really big into Stella when I prep.

Yeah, Stella Adler.

For improv comedy.

Uta Hagen?

No, fuck Uta.

Really?

Fuck Uta.

Fuck Uta?

No, you know what?

I like Uta.

I love Uta.

UTA fans is what I say.

Oh boy.

Are you repped by UTA, Scott?

I didn't know.

Well, of course, in every aspect other than writing.

Let me ask you about this improv that you did because you were almost there.

We then had to, he had to throw a thumb at me.

I was hiding down a hill at the end of the house and he had to throw a thumb at me and I had to tell him to throw the thumb, but he's like, you got to catch it.

And it became a whole bit.

We were just yelling back and forth, throw the thumb, throw the thumb.

And that was a bit.

And I got so much.

He wanted to know some stupid improv that I did.

Listen, it came together in the edit.

What was it in the script?

How was it written in the script?

Just Christian, Christian yells a bunch of stuff.

It was just.

What is your name, Jerry?

No, I'm Dave.

Dave.

Yeah, I'm Dave on the show.

What were you on the other one?

That we just mentioned?

Donny.

From Donny to Dave.

Donny to Dave.

And I only played D characters.

Yeah.

Because you're on the D list.

I'm on the D list of Canadian actors.

On the Canadian D list.

You're on the Canadian D list, which is American.

When you have the exchange rate.

Well, come on, it's not that bad.

It's like H.

Well, this is wonderful.

Carter season two.

Look, I know I really sold it with the thumb antics.

What episode is that?

Where that is episode two.

Really?

Yeah.

We gotta wait till next week on this thumb business.

Yeah, baby.

We got some good guest stars this year.

Who do you got?

We've got Colin Mockery from Whose Line Is It Anyways.

Okay.

We've got a couple kids in the hall.

Join us.

Who's which ones?

Kevin McDonald and Dave Foley.

Okay.

Worked with them.

They're wonderful.

Marty Adams, who is a hilarious Canadian.

No idea.

You will.

I really.

Oh, he's the best.

Is he in this thumb business too?

Does he?

No, he does no thumbing.

Marty, what about the thumb?

He came in and did such a good job as just like a random character in the town that we film in that we brought him back later on in the season as a whole other character, but just could be the same character.

Oh, okay.

He's very funny.

We also have Naomi Sneakers and Matt Barham, husband and wife comedy duo joining us on the show this year.

Matt was in it last year.

They are Canada, but also American people.

Come on.

You know, I don't know.

I translate.

I assume that if I haven't heard of someone, they're Canadian.

Well, you hadn't heard of the show.

And does that mean that the show's Canadian?

It might be.

You actually, you had heard of the show.

I can't get a handle on this.

You have heard of the show.

I assume if I've forgotten about something, it must be Canadian.

Scott, I can't wait to get texts from you while you're watching this live every week on Mondays on WGN America.

I just may.

I hear season two has a dynamite piece of business.

Approximately 10 minutes long.

Oh, I'm naked for an episode.

What?

Yeah.

That's like Gary or whatever his name is on your other show.

Donnie.

Yeah.

Donnie gets naked a lot in Orphan Black.

I get naked a lot in this.

I got naked.

I've been naked many times on TV.

I don't think it's for romance.

When you open up a script and you have the goldenrod revisions.

Yeah.

And suddenly you see Jimmy takes off all of his clothes.

What is your name on this show?

Dave.

Dave takes off all of his clothes, a long, slow strip.

The camera just pans very slowly up and down or whatever it says in the script.

It was an improv.

I decided to get naked for the whole episode.

So I just showed up in a cocksock and just was like, here, let's shoot around it.

It's TV.

Can't show it.

What episode is that?

So I can be out of the country.

That is episode.

It's either six or seven.

Six or seven.

I'll send it to you.

I'll send you a screener.

Digital.

Thank you very much.

Well, Carter season two is definitely out tonight.

Approximately what time does this come on?

Sometime in the evening.

I think it's 9 PM.

9 PM or so.

Yeah.

Maybe different on the Pacific.

Whatever time zone you're in, you can find it.

You can definitely find it if you're in a time zone.

If you're in a time zone, you can find it.

If you're outside of a time zone, I would check to see if you're even in this reality.

If you have WGN America, which I know you have, listeners, check it out.

All right.

And there's probably no way to figure out if you have WGN America.

So, uh, you know.

Google it, people.

Google it.

Use the Google machine.

Well, that's wonderful.

And anything else going on?

Orphan Black movie?

Anything?

Are you in these audio books that Tatiana is so fond of?

They paid Tat to do my voice.

She's so good she can do every other character?

Yeah, she does every character from the show.

So she does Chris, Donnie.

Yeah.

She does your character on the show.

Yeah.

Wow.

She's a talent.

She is a talent.

She does me better than me.

The day you met her, were you like, I got to hitch my wagon to this in friendship.

Well, yeah, but professionally.

Yeah.

I mean, I do the day I met her was on set.

The first day I was just like, I'm playing your husband.

Hey, I'm Christian.

I'm playing your husband.

She's like, oh, cool.

Nice to meet you.

Honey, I'm Donnie or something.

I don't know.

I just haven't read the script.

And, uh, and you, and then you, and then she blew you away and you're like, fuck, I gotta get in on this.

I gotta get in on the ground floor.

I mean, that's pretty ground floor.

It's pretty ground floor.

I'd never heard of her.

Yeah, it was season one.

We didn't know what was going on.

We didn't know what weird show we were.

Was it a pilot first or was it?

No, it was like straight to order, baby.

That's the way.

How much were you paid per episode on that?

Oh, well, it's Canadian TV, so not a lot in Canadian dollars.

Did you did you do your entire five season contract right at the beginning?

So once it started to get really popular, you could never.

Was it just like five percent bumps?

What was it?

They started me off as a day player because they didn't know if they're, they're like, we might have you in for three episodes.

We might have you in for six.

We might kill you off.

We'll start you off as a day player.

Yeah, but I'm glad, glad to announce that they kept me on as a day player for five seasons, even though I was in the credits.

They gave me a bump on my daily rate, but this is Canadian TV.

Canadian TV.

Oh, this was a hit.

This is some raw shit that I'm releasing here.

This is the truth.

How dare they?

Yeah.

Did they try to keep you as a five and under on some of those days?

That means if you say over five sentences, you're paid more.

In Canada, that's called actor versus principal role.

Oh, it's like five lines and under.

So some days when you were there, we're like, just cut out one of his sentences so we can.

They cut it out in the edit and then they'd have to do my voice.

I feel terrible.

Tatted my voice the whole series.

She ADR'd my voice.

Really?

She's doing it right now, by the way.

She's in the booth right now.

Yes.

And she's matching.

Like we're so connected.

Can we hear just a little bit of his regular voice?

Tat, hang out for a second.

Just turn off the filter here.

Hi.

Uh, so this is what I sound like.

Oh God.

Turn it back on.

Oh God.

Thanks, Tat.

I really appreciate it.

I'm going to try and talk fast.

Oh my God.

You can keep up.

This is fucking amazing.

You're thanking yourself.

God, she's good.

That's good.

Well, I'm glad.

I now am happy for Carter because I think he needs a regular paycheck here.

Thank you.

I really appreciate it.

Like a regular American.

Although it's a Canadian.

It is.

It's a really funny show.

We love working on it.

I would love to do another season and I'd love for you to do another season.

So you can come back and re-explain it to me.

You are so nice.

I love you.

Carter season two comes out at some point.

All right.

Well, that's wonderful.

Can you stick around here for a bit?

I can't.

I got to go.

I've got to do a lot of press today.

You have to go?

Yeah.

Okay.

Well, let's go to a break.

Uh, when we come back, I guess Christian won't be here, but we have a restaurant tour and a grandmother coming up.

We'll be right back with comedy bang bang after this.

Comedy bang bang.

We are back.

Christian Bruhn of Carter apparently is gone and that's too bad for him, but we do have a great guest coming up here and this is incredible.

He is apparently a restaurant tour.

Please welcome to the show, Russell Karate.

Hey Scott, thanks so much for having me on.

That's my pleasure.

Did you see Christian on his way out?

I think he, he, he kind of pushed me out of the way.

Yeah.

Looks like a best friend type.

Yeah.

I Christian, I mean, I wanted to call him Dan.

Yeah.

Russell Karate is so nice to meet you.

Yeah.

I wish I was here under better circumstances, Scott.

Oh no.

What's going on?

Well, I've got bad news.

Uh, hamburger spiders closing down.

What is this now?

Hamburger spider, my restaurant, it's closing down.

Hamburger spider is a restaurant.

Yeah.

That was, uh, I put a lot of effort into it.

It was my dream and it is, uh, no longer with us.

I am so sorry to hear that.

So you're a former restaurant tour.

Well, you know, I got new projects on the way.

Whoops.

Sorry about that.

That's my dog biscuit.

Oh, you're, you're, you're one of the people who brought a dog here.

I did.

I didn't ask anybody if they were allergic to dogs and I brought a dog and peanut butter, two known allergens and, uh, heavy allergens.

Yeah.

You know, they were always in the store too.

And that was probably a bad idea to have them in the restaurant.

That's all right.

Oh, oh really?

They were constantly in the restaurant, peanut butter and biscuit, peanut butter and biscuits.

That's making me hungry.

Yeah.

Although I tell you what would be better, peanut butter on a nice Thomas's English muffin.

Am I right?

Hey, you're giving me ideas, Scott.

Watch out.

I might steal that one.

Uh oh.

Hey, feel free.

Yeah.

So what was the title of your hamburger spider?

Do you call them titles or names?

When it comes to restaurants.

I usually use title, the title of my restaurant, because it's a story.

Restaurants are stories now.

And the title is just the beginning.

And does it have a beginning, a middle, and obviously yours had an end.

It does.

It has a sad end.

And some people, I don't know if I fully agree with it, think maybe the title hamburger spider was a bad title for my restaurant.

We'll never know.

Well, I mean, there might be some evidence that points toward that maybe in a Yelp review or something, but why would you pick hamburger spider?

Let me tell you hamburger, you know, the name of a lot of restaurants, hamburger, Hamlet, hamburger, Mary.

But spider, you don't necessarily see in the, in the titles of a lot of.

Exactly.

And that was my, that was my idea, Scott.

You know, everybody's zigging one way.

I thought I'd zag another way and really get some eyeballs on the place.

Maybe get zagged out there.

You you're on my wavelength right now.

Get some of them zag at dollars.

So was there, were there spiders in the restaurant or was it spider themed?

Was it decorated spider?

Well, yeah, that was another controversial choice I made.

You know, some people thought I should have more of a cartoonish spider on the sign, but I went more of a realistic giant spider.

A terrifying real giant.

To some it was terrifying.

Yeah.

Well, I would say that when you say giant spider, you mean a spider that's bigger than the normal spiders.

I would say a normal spider, probably one of the biggest I've ever seen is maybe palm size.

And this was significantly bigger than that.

This was a giant tarantula on the roof of the building.

On the roof of the building.

Universal city walk style?

It was city.

Yeah.

I really wanted to get in on city walk, but this was more of a suburban.

You'd have to actually be located in there.

Yeah.

I kept on going in there trying to set up shop, but they kept on giving me the boot.

Yeah.

It's hard, man.

Where was your restaurant located?

A little quiet suburb called Gary Mills.

Gary Mills.

That sounds beautiful.

It's beautiful.

What state is that in?

It's right outside of Los Angeles.

Gary Mills.

I haven't heard of it, but it sounds gorgeous.

Yes, very small.

So huge spider on the top of the restaurant.

Terrifying.

Did it have any sort of motion to it?

It didn't.

And that was a problem.

That was a problem.

Yeah.

I'm with you, Scott.

It should have been moving around, and that was a big criticism I had for myself.

Some people thought it was a bad idea, but you and I are thinking the same way.

I don't know.

The thing should have moved around.

I think you're right, and I'm glad you have my back on this thing.

So it was just a docile, giant, yet terrifying spider on the top of the building.

Terrifying to some.

And that was the only spider theme or only instance of any spiders within this restaurant?

No, when I wanted it to move around, I had some spider breeders breed an actual spider for me.

A new strain of spiders?

Yeah, it was a big...

It was about the size of a dog, and we called it Lucy, and we changed her out to the front of the restaurant.

I was looking down at Biscuit just to make sure that wasn't a spider.

Yeah, no, no.

That's a dog.

Yeah, that's a dog.

Biscuit's brother and sister were both...

Were both what?

They were both wrapped up by Lucy got out.

Oh, no.

Got out of what?

Where were you keeping Lucy?

We changed her to the back of the restaurant.

She was chained to the front for a while, and then we changed her to the back.

How many chains?

You got to use eight chains.

Well, where were you six months ago, Scott?

Yeah, you do need eight chains, because if you only have two, they can get out.

Yeah, oh no.

Yeah.

This is terrible.

So Lucy got out during business hours?

Lucy got out during business hours, really frightened some people.

What were your business hours, by the way?

Uh, business hours were, uh, we would open up at 8 p.m. and then we would close at one in the morning.

I have another job outside of being a restaurant.

Really?

What's your other job?

Uh, I run, uh, the M&M's Twitter account.

You do?

I've been on that.

That's good work.

Oh, thank you so much.

I'm wondering why they're, uh, they don't tweet a lot.

During the nighttime?

Yeah, during past 7 30 or so.

Yeah, yeah.

It's a daytime gig and you got to clock in and out just like a normal job.

Okay.

Well, yeah, it's a hobby.

It's just, uh, I don't, well, I mean, it sounds like that's your only job currently.

Well, you know, pays the bills, but that's a job.

Yeah.

But you know, if you love what you do, it's not a job.

Okay.

I guess I don't, why do you, why are you so ashamed of having this job?

Uh, well, you know, I don't know if you've been on there lately, but, uh, I haven't been on in maybe two weeks or so that I remember two weeks ago.

I was like, I'm in the mood for M and M's.

Yeah.

Instead of eating them, I'm going to go to that Twitter account.

Yeah.

I just read about them.

Uh, yeah.

Yeah.

But what is something gone down?

Uh, well, yeah, I kind of don't work there as much anymore.

Um, as much at all.

Uh, yeah, I guess not at all.

Zero hours, zero hours.

I'm not, what exactly happened on the M and M's Twitter account?

Well, I got new, uh, uh, I started talking about atheism and.

Pro or con?

We were pro for M and M's.

I thought the M and M's didn't believe in God.

I look at those anthropomorphic M and M's and I'm like, they don't have any kind of belief system because they've already come to life.

Thank you.

Magically, or it can't be God's plan for these things to actually be sentient.

They're freaks.

Yeah.

They have to look at themselves in the mirror and say, if God doesn't make any mistakes, there must be no God.

Yes.

If there's a God, he wouldn't make me.

Yeah, exactly.

I'm a walking and talking delicious candy and I eat myself.

Yeah.

They're cannibals.

So this was your point of view.

How many tweets was it?

What they call a tweet storm?

It was a tweet.

I got caught in the eye of a tweet store.

Category five tweet storm.

Yeah.

Oh no.

Yep.

Hide in the basement.

We got a tweet storm coming.

Oh no.

And all day.

Or did they have to rest control of the account away from you?

Yeah, they got, they scooped me.

They, um, they scooped you.

How do you mean?

Yeah, they scooped me.

They, um, they sent in a team to scoop me out of my office.

Okay.

Yeah.

I've never heard that.

Oh, really?

Is that just an in-house M&M thing?

Oh, they, would this happen so often?

They have lingo for it?

Yeah.

Every once in a while, if somebody goes on a real tweet storm, they'll scoop them out of the office.

I thought that excuse me.

Excuse me.

Is this comedy bang bang?

Yeah.

Hi.

Uh, yes.

I'm looking for a Russell karate.

Oh yes.

That's me.

Russell's right over here.

Yeah.

Please take this package, sir.

Oh, thank you so much.

You've been served.

Oh, wait.

You've been served with a number of lawsuits.

Oh God.

Excuse me, sir.

What are you?

Sir?

Some sort of sir.

My name is Mary Fort.

I'm an attorney.

I'm sorry.

It's Scott.

You stepped at it.

I know I'm wearing a pantsuit, but don't cancel.

Women can wear pantsuits.

Please don't cancel.

But you, you, you just remind me of a friend of mine.

That's all.

No, I thank you very much, but no, my name is Mary Fort.

I'm an attorney.

You kind of have a best friend vibe.

I'm an attorney and I'm delivering.

You do have a best friend vibe.

Thank you.

Thank you very much.

Are you a best friend to someone and yet you have no other best friends?

I have had friends.

Yes.

I am here to serve papers.

Mary Fort, you're an attorney and you don't pay a process server to do this?

I like to do it because I like to look the man I'm going to be suing and prosecuting in the eyes.

Oh my.

And I'm representing the M&M corporation.

Oh, this is from M&M's?

And I'm representing Gary Mills Housing Association.

Okay, well that was.

And also the CDC and the Department of Science and Environment of the United States of America.

They've all joined forces?

Ah, this is, this is bad news for you.

Yeah.

Just when you thought a bad day couldn't get any worse.

Sir, you have gone on tweet storms against the M&M corporation.

This is against the M&M corporation you feel instead of just embracing values?

Well, I went on my personal account.

What did you do on your own personal account?

What were you saying about M&M's?

Uh, I just, um, was saying someone should blow up the company.

Whoa.

He was making threats to the company and to the characters that are the figureheads of the company.

The actual characters?

Yeah.

I said, um.

Bluey, Reddy, Yellow Peanutty.

Yeah, I gave them all new nicknames.

Would you like to say those now that you've broken the NDA, sir?

You know, I maybe, uh.

Are you workshopping them right now or did you actually say these?

Well, I workshopped them for weeks at a time.

I was going to open mics and I was just kind of.

This is part of the issue.

This is part of the lawsuit against you, sir.

Yeah, what were some of these nicknames?

Well, I kind of slut shamed the green one.

That's the one I got in real hot water for.

I get that.

Yeah.

What did you call her?

Yeah, I called her a sexy green little dynamo.

It makes my ears bleed.

That's not that bad.

Sexy green little dynamo.

Can you believe it?

Yeah, it's not so bad.

That's not so bad.

But then I put pictures of me.

Yes.

Explain the pictures.

Yeah.

Well.

Melts in your mouth, not in your hand.

Yeah.

What did you do in these pictures?

These were dick pics that you put next to the green M&M?

Or you put green M&M's on your penis?

What exactly?

What?

That's disgusting.

I'm sorry.

I have no idea.

The mind reels, though, when I hear you're being sued for something.

Right.

No, I melted them in my hand.

How dare you?

This does not sound bad to me.

How dare you?

You put a picture?

That's the ultimate slap.

Now, yes, was my dick in the picture?

Yes, it was.

But that was a separate thing.

That was coincidental.

Yeah.

There was chocolate and green bits all over your dick, sir.

Well, I mean, I took a long photo shoot.

And it was a time lapse.

Yeah.

Over the course of that shoot, you know, I had to use the bathroom a couple of times.

Okay.

So, yeah.

Sorry.

Guilty.

You can't say guilty to the lawyer.

So are you saying that wasn't chocolate and green bits from the green M&M in your hand and on your penis in those photos?

No, that was not.

No, that was from.

Yeah.

Those were different green bits.

And those were those were towel particles.

Well, this is a bad story.

I'm just delivering the papers.

I don't mean to interrupt your podcast.

Well, you've looked Russell karate in the eyes.

How does it feel?

I feel heat coming from my loins up into my breast, into my brain, ready to sear the ice cold beast in front of me.

I'll have to take your word for it.

Because I can't see anything.

My eyes are so swollen shut right now.

Why?

What's going on with your eyes?

I'm allergic to peanut butter dogs.

Why did you bring these two things?

I don't know.

I mean, I thought I built up an immunity.

I've been having them around so long.

But every day your eyes are swollen shut?

They are swollen.

So shut.

Your lips are actually quite puffy and lush.

Yeah.

I mean, I think thank you.

I don't know whether that was a compliment.

I don't know.

That just came out.

It was awkward.

I don't know.

Mix.

You seem like a best friend that's sort of desperate for any sort of romantic interaction.

No, I don't know what you're talking about.

I'm not interested.

I'm a busy attorney.

I don't have time for friends and love.

I have time for the law.

You seem like you're number three in this conversation right now.

I should probably leave.

I'm sorry.

You should probably.

I don't know.

Are there any other duties that you have to accomplish here?

To please that booty.

That's my only duty.

No, that came out again.

I'm sorry.

This is awkward.

I know I'm here to deliver papers.

That's it.

And your eyes.

Are you.

I'm sorry.

What was your name again?

Mary Ford.

Mary Ford, attorney at law.

Mary Ford.

Are you in love with Russell?

I am serving him papers, Mr.

Ockerman.

But you have a duty to please his booty?

That just slipped.

How would one please a booty?

Yeah.

What is the duty to please a booty?

What are the steps that one would take?

Me to you.

I don't know if you've ever had fun with your plop plop before.

OK.

Yes, of course I have.

Well, that would be how I would please your booty.

What do you think you're saying?

It's what I want.

Fun with my plop plop.

My grand plop.

Your grand plop.

Yeah, exactly.

Fun with my grand plop.

And that's what you're saying as well?

Yes, of course, Scott Ockerman.

That's it.

I'm sorry.

How awkward would it be if I was talking about his anus?

Well, I got to say thanks.

Are you interested at all?

Are you in a relationship currently?

Yeah, I mean, we're just curious.

I'm in a will they, won't they right now.

You are.

Yeah.

With whom?

With, not with Biscuit, I hope, but with...

I'm not.

Not with, one of the geneticists I hired to create this spider that is...

Which is part of the lawsuit from the CDC and the Department of Environment and Science for creating a new strain of spider that is unacceptable.

That was not meant to play God.

Not meant to play God nor mock God on Twitter.

I'm fixing it.

I'm on top of this.

How are you fixing it?

Fix me.

All right, Mary.

Now I'm going to get hung up on being swollen in the face because it's clearly working.

Good look.

Now I got to do that.

Great.

I will smear peanut butter all over you.

Your eyes have swollen up.

I can't breathe.

I can't see.

I will give you mouth to mouth.

If that means that I can sue you later, I will save your life.

But I'm just here to serve papers.

I...

And get the vapors.

It seems like you have some sort of rhyming come on for everything that you say.

What are my vapors?

I will inhale your vapors.

Usually isn't that farting?

Getting the vapors?

Well, that's part of the booty duty.

Okay.

So you're into butt play.

No!

This is my...

Grandfather play.

Fart smelling?

I don't know exactly what...

No!

Grandfather play.

Grandfather's fart.

Okay.

How do you say...

How are you saying you're fixing it?

I'm getting a robotic spider to go in and take out this other spider.

Okay.

A robotic spider that cannot be killed, in other words?

Yeah.

The response to radio commands?

Yeah.

A response to radio commands that can't be killed.

You can type in instructions.

You have to type in the instructions.

You gotta type them in.

There's no sort of joystick or anything like that?

There's a joystick, but if you want it to talk, you gotta type that in.

I see.

So wait, you want the spider to talk?

Yeah, I want it to...

Is intimidation part of the methodology of capturing the other spiders?

So I've read.

Most of the tactics people use to capture spiders is mostly mental intimidation.

Oh, really?

It's mostly...

To back them into a spider corner.

You gotta destroy their confidence.

Okay.

You gotta wear it away.

But you have a plan to capture these other spiders.

Once they do, are you able to open back up or what exactly is the process?

The employees who've camped out in there, I gotta get them out.

They've camped out.

What do you mean?

Well, they can't leave.

I also represent your employers.

What is going on with the employees?

They've camped out in the...

Why can't they leave?

Because of the spiders?

The spiders, yeah.

Because if they run out, you know that spider is going to get them.

I really...

I mean, I feel bad for your whole situation.

I mean, not only are all of your employees might be starving there in the shuttered restaurant.

Well, there's frozen hamburger patties.

There's...

Your throat is closing up now as well.

Oh yeah.

I'm so, so messed up.

Do you need mouth to mouth?

Do you need a tracheotomy?

Well, I need an EpiPen and probably a tracheotomy.

Where would you like me to put the EpiPen?

I guess anywhere...

Anywhere that gets it to the bloodstream.

Anywhere that gets it to the bloodstream, if...

Blue to the sky, yellow to the booty.

Here we go.

Let's do it.

Oh, but I don't think I've ever heard the...

Is that a catchphrase submission?

My gosh.

Oh, he's got the pen.

He's got two pens.

One's an Epi, one's a regular pen.

Tracheotomy pen.

Oh my God.

Okay, here we go.

Bend over.

Okay.

I'm bent.

Hey!

How does that feel?

That feels good!

And now for the tracheotomy.

Do you still require...

Yeah, you still need it.

How does that feel?

Oh, that feels good.

Wow.

Okay.

I didn't think that to be so much fun, but it was...

No, I can smoke now.

You smoke?

I'm a smoker.

How many packs a day?

Me?

I'm six packs a day.

Six packs a day.

Was that a problem in the restaurant?

I hate people hated it.

People hate it.

Was that the main reason it closed down?

You refused to stop smoking?

I mean, my employees think that had something to do with it.

We'll never know.

All the spider stuff, it sounds like that could be fun.

I mean, a new strain of spider.

How big did you say it was?

That puppy was...

As big as a dog.

Big as a dog, big as like a Saint Bernard.

Saint Bernard.

That's big on the scale of dogs.

I guess so.

I guess like medium size.

Yeah.

Medium size.

What do you think is the biggest dog?

The biggest dog?

A giant.

You can't say a giant something.

Okay.

Okay, because you could say a giant anything and it would be the biggest anything.

I've seen much that are pretty damn big.

Compared to a Saint Bernard.

Okay.

I mean, it's medium.

I'll take your word for it.

But we'll never know.

I don't know if you see the spider.

I don't know, probably weighed like 90, 117 pounds.

That's a lot for a spider.

It's a lot for a dog.

Yeah.

All right.

Look, we need to take a break.

Russell Karate, former restauranteur, former social media manager for the M&M's corporation.

Mars and Murray's, right?

Mars and Murray's.

Murray's Mars.

Either one.

We also have Mary Fort who is...

Hi, I'm just here to serve paper, Scott.

I don't think you're just here to serve papers.

I think you are thirsty.

Yes, exactly.

All right, let's take a break.

When we come back, we have a grandmother.

That's very exciting.

We'll be right back with more Comedy Bang Bang after this.

Comedy Bang Bang, we are back here.

We have Christian Brewton had to go.

Star, or I can't even say that, but star of a TV show named Carter.

Season two premieres today.

We also have Russell Karate here, former restauranteur, former social media manager.

Looking to get back into it.

Looking to get back into what?

Either or.

Would be fine.

I mean, mostly restaurant.

That's my dream.

Sure.

But what about social media?

So we're a company out there who was interested in atheism and eventually...

Atheism.

Antagonistic tweets towards the company if you were ever removed.

Yeah, post-apocalyptic stuff, how to survive.

How does it, what are your, what are your main tips?

My main tips?

Yeah.

You gotta have water.

Okay.

You gotta have board games.

This sounds like main tips for either pre-apocalypse or post-apocalypse.

Okay.

Yes.

Yeah.

What's your third tip?

My third tip?

Always have a smile on your face.

This is any time.

Don't forget.

Don't forget about love.

Well, speaking of forgetting, let's not forget Mary Ford over here, attorney at law.

Thank you.

Who is still inexplicably here.

I'm here to serve papers.

You served them.

You've looked him in the eye.

And then suddenly you got, what is your bad?

Have you always been an attorney?

Yes.

Since I was born.

Since you were born.

My parents were both attorneys and that's how it works.

Oh, you were grandfathered in.

Well, speaking of grandparents, we have to get to our next guest.

She is a grandmother.

Oh my gosh.

I'm reading the information on her.

She's actually my grandmother.

Oh, wow.

Yeah.

Well, amazing.

Nana, please welcome Nan Aukerman.

Nan.

Hi.

Hi Scott.

It's me, your grandma.

Hi.

Forget about me that easy, huh?

I didn't forget about you.

I just didn't read the actual name.

I just saw a grandmother.

You've got an attitude problem, Scott.

And you always have.

I don't know that I have an attitude.

It's so great to see you.

How have you been?

I wish you were different, Scott.

I...

Really?

When you were a little boy, you were sick.

You remember that?

Yeah.

I mean, I was a sickly child.

You were scrawny little chicken-legged coughing boy.

And I nursed you back to health.

And now this is how you repay me.

How do you think I'm repaying you?

What do you mean?

What's wrong?

A clown boy on a radio show, Scott.

Well, I know you've never agreed with my career choice, but I'm doing what makes me happy.

Well, it doesn't make me happy.

It makes me cranky, Scott.

Okay.

And you know what happens when I get cranky?

I do.

Yeah.

But do you want to tell the listeners?

Pull up your shirt.

Show me your belly button.

Somebody give me the darkest pen in the room.

I can help here.

Thank you.

Do you want me to lift up his shirt?

Yes.

No, I can lift up my own.

And I push it in and I push it in so deep.

Your belly button is so deep.

That pen is dark.

Now there's a dark hole where your belly button should be.

Are you embarrassed?

I'm so embarrassed.

I'm mortified here.

Where?

Look, grandma, what did you want me to do?

I wanted you to grow up and be a man with dignity.

Come and take over the Billy goat farm or, or just be some kind of even a magician.

Even would have been better.

A magician or a Billy goat farmer.

You can't argue with the magician part.

It would be better if they have their own castle.

Is there a podcast castle?

I, you know what?

I would love to start one.

You're already dressed like a magician.

Why can't you act like one?

Look, just because I'm wearing breakaway pants and my sleeves rolled all the way up so you can see there's nothing up them doesn't mean I'm a magician.

Okay.

And of course my jaunty top hat, but look, a rabbit spilling out of that thing.

Okay.

Look, a sickly little rabbit boy.

I shaking my head at you every day and night.

Scott.

I wake up at night covered in sweat.

I go, what's going on with Scott.

Man.

He's ruined his life, ruined my life, ruined the Hawkman name.

This makes me, it just, it makes me very sad to know that you feel that way.

I mean, but shouldn't you be focusing your energy on one of my other siblings or one of your other grandchildren?

I'm headed to the grave, Scott.

So I wanted to visit you in particular to write your course before I pass.

You think that you're, you're passing away soon?

Oh, I'm headed straight to the grave.

I'm power walking, baby.

No.

What is it?

Are you sickly?

Are you ill?

It's my time to go.

Can't sit around here and watch these measly little boys do their ding dongery.

It kills me.

Which measly boys are you talking about?

My guests or you're not just one measly boy.

You're two measly boys.

I've been accused of ding dongery.

I will admit.

Really?

And I have done ding dongery.

Yeah.

Are you a measly boy?

No, look at him.

His biceps are huge and he's got burger meat in his pocket.

Just swelling up.

The right.

He smells like a man.

He looks like a man.

You, your skin is flaking off into the air.

What is this powdered biscuits floating my way?

I see it's schluffing off of your knee.

That's just Biscuits hair that's floating around the, and, and you know.

Biscuits hairy.

Biscuit is so hairy and it drives me crazy.

Oh God.

Well, I mean, maybe Biscuit wouldn't be following you if you didn't have that hamburger meat in your pockets.

Well, you know, it's poison too.

Your hamburger meat?

Yeah.

This is poison hamburger meat.

Why?

I'm trying to poison this frigging spider, Scott.

You're a walking health code violation and I will clean you up.

Do you have one pocket of poison hamburger meat and then one pocket of regular hamburger meat for treats for Biscuit here?

Okay.

You haven't mixed up the pockets, have you?

I never would.

I'm not a moron.

Do you have some sort of like saying, so you know which one is which?

Uh huh.

Right pocket.

Good pocket.

Left pocket.

Not good pocket.

That's so hard to remember.

That doesn't even rhyme.

It doesn't rhyme, but it works for me.

You know, I was going to leave you the foosball table, but now I'm changing my mind.

Oh no.

I do.

I do wills, you know, I do wills.

And also if you want to sue them, we can do it pretty quick.

Thank you, Mary.

You're a beautiful woman.

Thank you.

There's an undeniable chemistry between you two.

Thank you.

This is one thing that grandma and I agree on.

I mean, this is undeniable.

Scott, shut up when I'm talking.

Oh, and we got a clap back.

Listen, I used to be the mayor of Colorado and yes, we all know you were the mayor of Colorado.

We all know that.

And by the power vested in me.

The minute you walked in here, these two, the mayor of Colorado, the former mayor of Colorado.

Yeah, I can cut a deal.

Maybe I can franchise hamburger splatter.

Yeah, we all know this, but why are you bringing it up?

Well, because I've got a power vested in me that I could actually marry you two right now on the spot.

I would have to drop the lawsuit.

Well, what do you say, spider boy?

Yeah, if that could, if that could add some moolah, you're a lawyer, you probably got money.

I mean, I'm in the, I don't know that she's a good lawyer.

Is red or black bad?

Are you talking M&Ms or I'm in the black?

Oh, oh, oh, we insert financial aid.

Which M&M is better, red or black?

Well, I'll admit the black ones are the best.

They're not out yet.

They're coming out soon.

The darker the barrier.

You're not supposed to say that.

Maybe there's one in your belly button, Scott.

Maybe that's what's in there, huh?

Stop itching it.

Just let it be.

It's I'm sorry, but this is a very itchy ink that is in this dark, dark pen.

It's grandma's number one itching.

Are you guys interested in getting married here?

I mean, I would drop the lawsuit.

I'll do it.

You're in love with me?

No.

What?

I mean, if that's a.

You will grow into love with me?

Yeah, if that's a deal breaker for you.

If I get to snap off some of that burger, then.

What are you talking about?

What you talk about burger?

His cakes.

My patties?

Yeah, the patties.

My cakes.

Your healthy, your healthy patties.

OK, the patties are the cakes.

The good ones.

Because we also have desserts full of hamburger meat.

Well, I'm all up for some.

I think you're talking about food.

You're talking about a butt.

Patty cakes.

What?

OK, well, but is that a deal breaker or can we have a wedding right now?

I will tear these papers up right now.

All right, tear them up.

Let's start the bell, Scott.

When we're married first.

By the power vested in me by the trees of Colorado, I announce the first one to come up, the attorney.

The second one to come up, the boy with the restaurant and the science and the M&M's and the spider meat and the dog in the eyes.

By the trees of Colorado.

Colorado is most known for its trees.

Its trees.

It's beautiful, beautiful trees.

I now pronounce you Mary and boy.

Oh, my God.

Can I?

May you?

May I?

Do they or don't you?

Dost thou allow?

Be good.

What are you trying to do?

Scott's never seen people kiss before.

My butt hurts my ass.

He's just kissing your asshole right now.

Just eating it out.

Oh, my God.

You're really getting in there.

Well, this is wonderful.

I mean, out of all the weddings we've had on this show, this is one of the best.

Certainly.

Thank you.

Does it make you sad, Scott?

It does make me sad.

That you never married the girl I wanted you to.

Who did you want me to marry again?

Abigail Breslin.

So close to Abigail Breslin.

Who would have married?

You are in your 20s.

No, Abigail Breslin.

You remember her.

Oh, yeah.

Big bouncy breasts.

She lived next door, but you're afraid of her.

Oh, you could have had those big bouncy breasts.

I wish I still had mine.

Mine are down on my knees.

Being 75 and all.

Yeah.

I didn't even bring this up.

Is the age difference?

Yeah.

Because you're young, too.

Yeah, I'm young.

I am 19.

Oh, I like him.

You're young for a restaurateur, let alone a person to hire a geneticist.

Yeah.

Well, I made so much money.

From what?

From just early days of the internet.

What do you mean?

Early days of the internet.

What does that mean?

I am one of the first guys to email.

That was...

You would have been a sperm.

You didn't come up with email.

I didn't come up.

I was one of the first guys to use Hotmail.

How do you...

Yeah, monetize that.

How do you monetize that?

You just email the right people.

And I was emailing everybody.

Wait, was this some sort of like Ugandan prince?

Yeah.

I was emailing.

Oh my god, I fell for that.

Okay, well that was me.

You owe me some of that.

You're one of the first guys who came up with the Nigerian prince scam?

I'm the first Nigerian prince.

Wait, did I just marry a prince?

Yeah, you're royalty.

You're an actual Nigerian prince.

Yeah.

Now you're a princess.

Princess Mary.

Oh my god, dreams do come true.

Wow.

You're 75, wow.

Incredible.

So you made all that money on the early days of the internet when you were 12 or five, six?

Yeah, I was like five, six.

I would have been 60 at that point.

Okay, wow, that's crazy to think about.

That's kind of weird.

Crazy to think about, but kind of hot.

It's super hot.

Oh yeah, Scott, I'm with you.

I'm with you.

Well, these were your words, Scott.

And yeah, I'm with you, man.

Yeah, five-year-old and a six-year-old.

Hot as hell.

We're on the same page, brother.

Well, this is wonderful.

Congratulations to you all.

Thank you.

We're running out of time, but we just have one final thing here to do on the show.

And that is a little something called plugs.

Plug.

Oh, what a sudden ending.

Beautiful first dance.

Yes, you guys were dancing the entire time.

I need to take a seat.

Usually, that was hard.

Usually, a first dance is a slow dance and you guys were like, what is the name of that dance?

What do you call it?

Mashing.

Okay, you call it mashing.

Sex mashing.

What do you call it?

I call it aggressive grind.

Right, yeah.

I just pinned you up against the wall.

Agro grind.

Whatever you call it, it was beautiful.

I really ground myself into you and my hip hurts now.

That was Ender with paa-lugs.

I believe about 15 L's in the middle of that.

Thank you, Ender, for that.

It's not a catchphrase admission.

It's a plugs theme.

If you have a plugs theme, head on over to Earwolf.com and the comedy bang bang message boards.

Put it in the appropriate threads.

All right, what do we plug in here?

I guess I'll go to, look, Princess Mary, the newly crowned princess.

Thank you.

Princess of Nigeria.

Do you have anything to plug here?

First of all, I would like to close up my attorney at law practice now that I'm a princess in Nigeria.

Okay, so you're just, you're cutting bait.

I'm all in.

I am all in on this marriage.

Right to the center of the table, baby.

Here we go.

I have a favorite show coming out today, actually, which is very exciting.

I don't think there are any shows of note coming out today.

What could it possibly be?

Curb Your Enthusiasm came out from yesterday.

Monday Night Football.

This is Monday Night Football.

It's Carter season two on WGN America.

Everybody has that.

Even in Nigeria, I'm sure we can get it.

All right, so Carter season two comes out tonight.

Time Indeterminate.

Russell karate.

Well, I'd love to plug my restaurant.

Hamburger spider.

You know, maybe we can get a comeback brewing and it's closed up, but you know, you never know.

How are you going to kill the spider?

Do you think?

Well, I'm gonna.

You have the robotic spider that you're typing in what you want it to say.

Yeah, but with a joystick command.

With a joystick.

Yeah, you got to use the joystick to pick out the letters.

Pick out the letters.

Yeah, the joystick is more to pick out what you're going to say.

What you're going to type in?

Yeah, you go up like 10 times to get F or whatever.

I see.

So how is the body controlled?

The body is controlled.

Just, you know, you wind it up and it goes a direction.

So it's just on its own.

Yeah, hopefully it finds it and it assaults the spider and it wears down its confidence.

And then I go in with a six shooter and I blow its head right off.

A six shooter?

Yeah.

Yeah, I'm old fashioned like that.

Even though I'm a kid.

You just have, you're an old soul.

I like it.

It's because I like so much.

All right.

Well, anything else to plug?

Yeah, I've been listening on my commute to, you know, my.

How far is your commute to the restaurant?

To the restaurant.

My commute is about three hours long.

Yeah.

Why do you want to open this place?

Sounds like it just burned it all.

Have you been there?

Have you been to Gary Mills?

It's gorgeous.

I'm not talking about Gary Mills.

He's afraid of spiders.

It takes me three hours to get to Gary Mills.

And along the way.

Where do you live?

Because Gary Mills is right outside Los Angeles?

That's right.

Yeah.

Where do you live?

In Central Coast or down?

I live in Central Coast.

It's beautiful.

Open your restaurant there.

It's farm country, man.

All right.

So I drive down.

Suburr country's better.

You drive down.

I drive down, you know, smell the fertilizer.

I listen to the Action Boys podcast.

I subscribe to that.

You subscribe to it?

Uh, it's a Patreon podcast.

I...

How much is this Patreon per month?

It's either five or eight dollars.

Okay.

And, um, you know, if you're a cheap asshole, you do the five one.

If you're doing well like me, you do the eight dollar one.

Eight seems too high.

No, no.

Yeah.

And I'm not a cheap asshole.

Just like monetarily.

Right.

If you're a cheap asshole, you don't pay at all.

Thank you, grandma.

All right, grandma.

What do you have to plug?

Well, I want to plug you into an outlet and electrocute you, but I can't do that.

Can I?

Wow.

So, grandma, consider this to be your last plug before you expire.

What do you want to plug before you leave and shuffle off this mortal coil?

I guess I heard Lisa Gilroy's got a good show called Dilweed at UCB Franklin.

Oh, she's the best.

But you wouldn't know anything about that, would you, Scott?

You don't want to sit here in your ping pong chamber and pretend to be a radio doctor, huh?

I guess I do.

Oh, you're a disappointing boy.

I love you, but you make me cry.

I'll plug that, and for now, that's about it.

For now, you're going to die.

Oh, I'll be back to take over this little charade you've got running, Scott.

OK.

I hope your ghost doesn't return.

The people will scream my name.

They'll exalt me for getting rid of you.

OK, look, I don't have anything to plug.

We are going to close up the plug bag, but good news for plug bag listeners.

We are some remixes have come in.

Finally, good news.

Finally, some good news.

Since our marriage.

Yes.

Why don't we hear we have two remixes have come in.

I want to listen to them both.

Why don't we hear, first of all, the remix from the person who's done a lot of these remixes for us?

Let's listen to Michael Hartigan remix.

Let's close up the old plug bag.

You start with a C when you want to close it up.

You lead with an L and then you oh.

Freeing up the plug bag.

Open up the plug bag.

Take your hands and open it up.

Then Horatio comes and then he just says.

Been holding on my last day.

The paradise.

Open up the plug bag.

Open it up.

The plug bag.

Open it up.

The plug bag.

Everybody.

Open up the plug bag.

Wow.

Beautiful.

That is inspiring.

Yeah, wait.

I'm sorry, grandma.

I've never been able to get that right for eight years.

All right.

Let's start the plug then.

All right.

Look, and he remixed that shorter.

No, it's not shorter.

I will say our next remixer did cut a section out, and I don't want people to say they like this one better just because it's shorter.

But let's hear this is from the Dharma Initiative.

Let's hear that remix.

Here we go.

Let's close up the old plug bag.

You start with a C when you want to close it up.

You lead with an L and then you oh.

Open up the plug bag.

Take your hand and open it up.

Then a ratio comes in and he just says open up the plug bag.

Open up the plug bag.

Everybody wants to open up the plug bag.

Just keep it looking.

Open up the plug.

Open up the plug bag.

Open it up.

Pretty good.

I like that it's shorter.

You like that it's shorter?

Yeah.

That one avoids lawsuits, potential lawsuits.

I'll be dancing on my grave to that one.

It's about 15 seconds shorter.

I don't know.

I love Lost.

You love what?

The Dharma Initiative.

Oh, okay.

So that's just your.

Oh, yeah.

How's that thing going to end?

You ever watch the end yet?

No.

Oh, you're going to be disappointed.

I can't wait.

Don't don't don't build it up too much.

I don't think you're going to like it.

I'm on the edge of my seat.

All right.

Well, let me know which of those you like better.

I hate to make it a competition, but they both came in on the same day.

And it's a tough choice.

They're both so beautiful.

It's tough.

They are.

But they did a really good job with both.

You know, and please don't vote for it just because it's shorter, because we can always make Michael Hartigan shorter.

Good luck.

Okay.

Look, I want to thank our guests, Christian Brun, who left.

What a jerk.

I would thank him.

But Mary Fort, I guess Princess Mary of Nigeria.

Yes, thank you.

Thank you so much for coming by the studio.

It was an honor.

My life really improved by this experience.

It really did.

Although I found the man that I love.

He loves me back.

Yeah, sure.

It convinces me.

My 19 year old boy.

I also want to thank Russell Karate here.

Hey, thank you, Scott.

Oh, wow.

I really hope that you get that spider.

I do too.

I hope I get that spider and you know, I'm going to mount them when I do.

What do you mean by that?

I'm sorry, what?

I'm going to hang them up.

Mount him on the wall.

Okay.

Because it sounded like you were either going to put a saddle upon its back.

Not a bad idea.

Or you were going to put something else in its back end.

Uh, Jesus.

Scott, first you want little kids and old ladies to fuck.

Now you want a man and a big shape of Bernard.

115 pounds.

Yeah.

Spider to have anal sex.

I don't know if spiders have anuses.

I'm saying whatever's back there.

What did they poop out of?

So you want them to fuck the web shoe.

You've never seen spider poop.

Aren't the webs the poop?

Does it smell like poop?

I don't know.

Smell a web sometime.

Get back to me.

Scott got caught putting his penis in a web when he was little.

Do you remember that?

So why do you have to tell everyone about this grandma?

His little pee pee.

Your sticky little pee pee got caught in the web.

It was sticky afterwards, but.

And it was sticky before.

Don't buy.

Yes, I know.

I shit webbing one time.

What?

Yeah.

I don't know how.

I have no idea how.

Wait, are you the genetically modified spider?

I have no idea how it was shootable.

Is that why we haven't caught the spider?

Is it that I'm him?

Did I just marry that?

I ate that.

I ate the real Russell karate and now I'm here.

Well, wait, that's not positive.

Does this mean I'm not a princess of Nigeria?

My body's swelling up because there's spider parts inside.

I was gonna say you walked in here and you were hairy and swollen up and you don't have any human characteristics.

This is so chrono bird allergies.

You know what, Mary?

This is the motherfucking spider grandma.

We gotta get this.

How do we?

We gotta get this guy.

Should we feed him to me?

Let's feed him to me.

Let's get him.

Get him.

Hey, just stuff this in your mouth and eat it.

And here's a dark colored pen straight to the belly button.

Emasculate him.

Look, Scott.

Now you've got a brother.

He's just boiling.

God's coming out of him.

He's boiling.

Oh my God.

Oh God.

You exploded.

I'm covered in my husband and not in the good way.

Oh, all right.

Well, what a surprising ending.

We'll see you next time.

Thanks.

Bye.
