♪ Comedy Bang Bang ♪ This dog is a toad and I'm the sucker milking it.

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

And thank you to My Secret Hemorrhoid for that catchphrase submission and for his username as well.

I'm assuming it's a man.

Not a lot of female My Secret Hemorrhoids out there, but...

Maybe it would be My Secret Hemorrhoid-a?

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

Scott Aukerman here.

Last week of January this year...

My secret hermoroid.

Hermoroid?

Yes.

Hi, who are you, sir?

Alimony Tony.

Oh, Alimony Tony, you're back!

I just came in here with the catchphrase, and now it's going to be gone.

Do you hear the catchphrase every single week?

And then you leave?

I've never noticed you before.

I listen right outside the door.

I couldn't resist poking my head out and saying, clearly it must be artificial hermoroid.

Hermoroid.

Do you think it's him-eroids?

No.

Okay.

Just wanted to make sure.

I'm having a fun play on words.

Okay, I understood, but I wondered in my own fun play on words whether you thought it was him-eroids.

Well, it was a play on words, so not that you think that I'm a dunce.

Okay, I don't think you're a dunce.

I mean, you're one of the smartest guests I've ever had.

I've got to leave.

Okay, bye.

Welcome to the show.

What a treat to hear from Alimony Tony.

I mean, weird-imony Alimony Tony, certainly.

Thank you!

He's right outside that door.

We have a great show here for you today.

Coming up a little later, we have a songwriter.

We also have a contest winner.

Those are both two exciting jobs to have.

But first, let's talk to a comedian.

A raconteur, certainly?

Storyteller?

Do you consider yourself to be a storyteller?

Oh, yeah.

I mean, that's what comedy is, you know?

It's getting up there.

It's getting up there, bearing your soul, telling your truth, telling your story, and then riffing.

This is riffing.

Wait, so you tell your story.

How long does that take in an hour?

It depends on how old you are.

If you're a young comedian, it's a shorter set.

Oh, okay.

And then the riffing takes up the entire rest of the 55 minutes or so?

You have less of a story to tell.

How long is your story?

My story at this point...

Her story?

Oh, like from a story.

Hermoroids.

Yeah, hermoroids.

My story at this point, it's a tight 45.

45.

So you have 15 minutes for riffing then?

Yeah, just 15 minutes to have a great time.

Well, speaking of riffing, he has a new album out.

It just came out last week, and it is all riffing.

I believe it's all crowd work.

It's 100% crowd work.

It's called Crowdsurfing.

Why not 110% crowd work?

I gave 110% during the crowd work.

So you only did 100% crowd.

We...

I was about to say surfing.

We did some submissions to some physicists, and they said it wasn't possible.

Do you think Crowdsurfing, and I'll introduce you in a second, do you think that's a clever title or are you like...

A stupid one?

Yeah.

I think it's a stupid one.

I'm glad you asked.

Okay, good.

Yeah, it's one of the worst titles of an album that's ever happened.

Well, you can surf the web, can't you?

Yeah.

So why not a crowd?

Wait, but you've heard the phrase Crowdsurfing before, right?

Do you think it's him surfing?

Welcome to the show, Moshe Kasher.

Back to the show.

Welcome back.

Nice to be back.

You're one of the...

You know what I was thinking?

Yeah.

Hermoroids.

Instead of...

I like this.

As a female version of hemorrhoids.

I like having you on the show and I'll tell you why, because you're one of the only comedians who actually writes to me and says, can I be on the show?

Everyone else I have to chase.

Well...

So that's...

And that is...

That's because you never ask me, so it really works out.

We have a reciprocal relationship.

Sort of a symbiotic relationship, a lot like Venom.

Oh, yeah.

Who's Spider-Man?

You've seen that, Venom?

Oh, yeah, it's a true classic.

Tom Hardy?

Yeah, what a story to tell.

One of the funniest actors.

Well, I mean, Venom is like, he tells his story in about 10 minutes, and the rest is riffing.

Yeah.

He just riffs with everyone on the street.

And Venom...

Honestly, I've been thinking a lot about the legends of crowd work in this album coming out.

And you're right.

Who do we got?

You got Venom.

You got the Green Goblin.

Right?

You got Juggernaut.

He was amazing at crowd work.

Oh, yeah.

He would lob those pumpkin bombs at you.

And if the crowd didn't laugh, he would.

He'd go, heh, heh, heh, whatever.

Whatever his thing was.

Fill the silence.

Yeah.

So Moshe, what number album is this for you in your discography?

This is my third album.

Yeah, this is my third album.

And so were you like, I got to take a breather for this one?

No, I lied.

My fourth.

This is my fourth album.

Hmm.

Why would you lie to me?

I just, because of the tension earlier about the email scandal.

Mm, got it.

Yeah.

But now I feel like we're good.

But what is the purpose of doing a crowd work album?

And how many shows did you have to cull it down from?

Or was this the only show that you taped?

So the purpose was, it's what I feel like it's what I do best on stage.

And it's sometimes difficult to show that when you're taping a special.

Sure.

Because that's like a presentation of your material.

A lot of people don't include the crowd work in their special.

Yeah, but you know who did?

Paula Poundstone.

Yes.

In some of those early HBO specials.

She's just fit into the Flintstones, wouldn't she?

Poundstone.

Meet the Poundstone.

Well, I'm not saying she takes it over where they're suddenly singing about her.

I'm saying she's a guest star.

You think she seems paleolithic in some way?

Well, with the stone in the...

Yeah, yeah, I'm with that.

OK.

I'm saying you wouldn't so much.

I would, no.

They didn't have Jews in the caveman.

Maybe Moshe Kasher, as in like an avalanche is falling down.

Where's that Tony guy?

Maybe he's got a pun.

Alimony Tony, where are you when we need you?

Sorry, so what's the problem?

You're still here!

Moshe Kasher in the Flintstones pun?

Oh, what would your name be in the Flintstones?

I get it.

I get the game.

What stones do we have?

Let's see, Ruby?

You go right to Ruby.

Damn.

A high class gentleman.

Gorks.

I was thinking of granite.

Yeah.

You know, Halle Berry's name in the Flintstones movie was Sharon Stone.

Oh, pretty good.

They took an existing name so Paula Poundstone could be played by someone else, but could be in the Flintstones universe.

What's interesting is Halle Berry wasn't famous enough to them just make a parody of her at the time.

She was just kind of an unknown actress, you know, and she had to be Sharon Stone.

She went straight from.

But nowadays someone might be Halle Rock or something like that.

Halle Rock would be my go to.

Yeah, it's the opposite of a berry, a rock.

She's saying about Holly Rock, why not Halle Rock?

All right.

Halle ballast.

That's a kind of stone.

This is not an easy game.

Berry.

Gary.

Moshe Kasher.

We've given up on Moshe.

Forget about Moshe.

We would never try.

Let's crack Halle Berry.

I'm going to go to the break room.

I'm going to see what I can do.

All right.

See you later.

What are we talking about?

Why did I?

Paula Pampstone.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

So she did crowd work in her thing.

Right.

And then you got you got your Todd Berry's, you know.

Todd Berry did a whole record of crowd work as well.

He did a special.

He did a whole special.

Yes.

A whole special of it.

So I.

Todd Glass, I believe, uses a lot of crowd work, but that's because he doesn't write a lot of material.

Is that where you fall in right now?

This feels very attacking.

And yes, it's very accurate.

No, I think that to me, it's like my favorite.

It's my favorite part of standup.

I love writing jokes, but anybody that writes a joke will tell you after you tell it 10 times, you're bored of it.

And it's effective, but it's not surprising to you.

So.

Right.

So I wanted to do something.

I wanted to figure out a way to do an album of all crowd work that didn't feel super temporary because I feel like sometimes that's one of its Achilles.

Right.

Did you get back all of the crowd work selections and be like, oh, this is real.

You had to be there kind of stuff.

No, because I had a concept to the album before I did it that I thought would.

What's the kind?

Can you let us in?

Or do you want people?

No, I can talk about it.

It was originally I was going to call the album Five Questions because that's that was I thought if I came up with five questions, I would elicit from the crowd their craziest stories.

And then Andy Richter has the three questions.

So you're trying to sort of do it better than him?

Well, no, just draft on his success.

Oh, yeah.

Which is in and of itself a kind of crowd work.

It's like he did something and then I twisted it and then everybody had a good time.

Right.

So I but this was like, you know, I mean, what's your.

Can I tell you about three questions when I was on it?

Andy Richter, he says in the actual episode, go listen to it.

I'm sure he could use the listens.

He says in the actual episode, my show isn't like your show, which just lasts forever.

It's like you come here and you do an hour and a half and an hour.

And he says this to me to my face.

To my face in the actual episode, we do the episode and the whole time I'm like, this is this is going pretty long.

And then at the end of it, he goes, I forgot my phone in the bathroom.

So how long did we go?

An hour and a half hour and forty five minutes.

He's a hypocrite.

That's what I wanted to say.

And I'll say that to his face.

Rockter is what I would say.

Andy Rockter.

I'm back.

Alimony.

So this is a tough one, but I did some research online.

All right.

Moshe Karat.

Karat is a mineralogical term.

So we're not talking about Moshe anymore.

We were talking about Halle Berry.

But also, do you think people would get a little confused, Tony?

They would think you're talking about the vegetable?

Well, if you're famous, OK, they like carry granite.

They're like, what?

This guy's made of granite?

They know it's Cary Grant.

Although Grant, all of the letters of Grant are in granite.

But if you called him carrot granite, you wouldn't think Cary Granite.

What?

There was also Stoney Curtis.

OK.

But Stoney rhymes with Tony.

It sure does.

You don't have to tell me.

Karat doesn't rhyme with Kasher.

No, it doesn't rhyme with Kasher.

I don't think they always rhyme.

And Marg Rock was one.

It's for rock at the end of a name.

Well, that's what I'm saying.

Moshe Rock.

Hey, what?

I said Halle Rock, and you all made fun of me.

Well, but at least her name was Margret.

Do you see?

So you're going to say Rock doesn't rhyme with Rhett?

I guess you have me.

Rock Butler.

What would yours be?

Weirdimony, alimony, stony.

Alimony, stony, of course.

Using the Stoney Curtis precedent.

Yes, there's a precedent with Tony.

Any Tony in the Flintstones universe is a stony.

Any Tony is a stony.

Any Grant is a granite.

Hugh Granite.

Any Margret is a Marg Rock.

Marg Rock Cho.

Thor, Margret Rock.

Well, thank you very much, alimony.

Greta Thunbolder.

OK, now that might be a reach.

But come back to us with a Halle Berry.

I will.

Back to the break room.

All right.

So you have five questions.

Yeah, so what's your craziest night on drugs?

Have you ever been arrested?

What's the most embarrassed you've ever been?

And this is you asking these people in the crowd?

Yeah, that's right.

Oh, OK.

Now, usually, crowd work is more like, what'd you say?

Because they're shouting at you.

Well, that's defending yourself.

And then you have them repeat it.

And then you point out why it was so dumb.

Yeah, right.

So I was trying to not do that.

And so we were running around with a mic, and people were telling their stories.

I figured in any crowd of people.

Is this like Donahue the album?

Yeah, I love that.

I hope so.

He's one of my heroes.

Is he now?

I've even read his book.

Wow, what was his book?

Not a Page-Turner is what it's called.

Filling the Pages.

Yeah, it's a was.

Because his name is Phil.

Yeah, Filling Donahued off a piece of rock.

What would Phil Donahue's Flintstones name be, I wonder?

Donahued off a piece of rock?

Wait, did you just say that?

I did, yeah.

I don't like it.

I don't love it either, but I did say it.

I make you repeat it like in the crowd work.

All right, so you have these five questions.

So that's where it started.

And then is that where it ended up as well?

Yeah, so that's the kind.

It's like a semi-concept album.

It's essentially, in any crowd, you have people that have been telling the same five stories at parties their whole lives.

And so those people who raised their hands that night at the DC Improv told their stories.

And some of the stories are so crazy.

I'm really excited and proud of the album.

It's really good.

That's incredible.

Where can people get this?

Everywhere.

You know, Stitcher, iTunes, Spotify.

It's available.

And yeah, I think it's really good.

OK, you're one of our favorite guests.

Oh, Almoni Toney's back.

Almoni Stoney, I'm sorry.

Hallie Basalt.

Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.

You buy it?

Yeah, it's correct.

I mean, the Hallie part definitely is the part that no one else has a Hallie name.

She's famous.

The character's designed to look like Hallie Berry.

Yeah.

You hear Hallie Basalt.

I think it's Basalt, though, unfortunately.

Really?

Yeah.

Hallie Basalt?

That seems less like Berry.

But you know what?

You're right.

Basalt.

Oy, oy, Basalt.

I've always heard it as Basalt, but I haven't heard it that many times.

Yeah, how many times are we talking about?

I could be wrong.

I recently watched a television episode where Basalt was said a couple times.

Then I'm wrong.

Which television?

It is Hallie Basalt, and I'm in.

Which television show was talking about Basalt, if I may?

Same by the Basalt.

Well, I don't like to discuss my television viewing habits, but you're a friend, so I could confide in you.

OK, thank you.

I guess I'd never considered us to be friends as much as collaborators.

Oh, you don't think we're friends?

We could be.

I mean, I- We're definitely collaborators.

So which television show was it?

It's a show called For All Mankind.

For All Mankind, and they talk- why do they talk about Basalt so much?

Well, they've gone to the moon, you see, and they're trying to find ice to bring back to Earth.

And a couple times, they just find Basalt.

And they're very disappointed about it.

So what happens if they get it back into the ship, and if it melts, it's ice?

That's science.

Yes.

It's a hot show.

And if it doesn't, it's Basalt.

That's correct.

So they have all the matter of- The ship is too heavy to take off.

Exactly.

And everyone perishes on the moon.

But if they have ice, it melts, and then the ship is light.

Yeah, that's the premise of the show.

That's the premise.

I got to watch the show.

All right, Hallie Basalt.

Got to go work on Phil Dottie, you know.

So you'll be back.

Well, Moshe, thank you so much.

You're one of my all-time favorite guests on this show.

This is probably your third appearance.

Yeah.

And that's how you can tell I'm one of his all-time faves.

What episode is this of Comedy Bang Bang?

635 or something like that.

That's a fave.

Every 300 apps.

Every 200.

Well, congratulations.

And I'm going to check out that album from the library.

It is available at a public library.

I hope so.

I really hope they buy it.

Call up your local library, no matter where you are, and request it.

Truly, there were some wild stories.

The first story, the first story, the first show.

We taped, I think, four shows.

It was a weekend of stand-up and edited it together.

The first story, the first show, the first person who raised his hand revealed at some point that he came home and he was living with his father during the week and his mother on the weekends.

And there were tie-down straps on the corners of his bed.

And he was like, this is weird.

And he was with his girlfriend.

And they used them in a naughty way, in a Flintstonian way.

And then when they came out of the bedroom, his mother said, oh, did you find the straps that I left?

And he's like, what do you mean, did I find them?

Long story short, turns out that this woman was operating a bordello out of his childhood bedroom during the week while he was away with his father.

The largest bordello in this weird town that they were living in.

That's just one story.

So wait, the mom wanted him to find the straps and use them?

Yeah, I guess.

I don't know what the deal really was.

And that was the first story.

And it just got crazier from there.

What would a bordello in the Flintstones be?

Cordello?

Bordello.

Bordello?

Bordello.

Wait, that is bordello.

Boulder?

Boulderllo.

Yeah.

All right, well Moshe, congratulations.

Now I got to skip track one, I guess.

No, no, because part of the fun is me.

Oh, OK.

I'm the guy doing the stuff.

I'm interested in this story.

Ah!

Part of the fun is me.

All right, well, we do need to get to our next guest if that's all right.

Sorry, Haliteberry.

Halite?

Oh, there's a late break in the day.

Yes, yes, yes.

Haliteberry.

What's light about rocks?

Halite is the middle.

Oh, oh, it's a rock name.

Yes.

H-A-L-I-T-E, Haliteberry.

Haliteberry.

Oh, OK.

Halite is the mineral name for rock salt.

Oh, OK.

It's that fun.

What about stalagmiteberry?

That makes a lot of sense.

Stalagmiteminio?

Oh, there we go.

Is that something?

That feels like something.

That's definitely something.

All right, well, thank you, Moshe.

Thank you, weirdamony, alimonytony.

I'm not hearing anyone.

If you have any late-breaking changes to Haliteberry, please come back.

But we do need to get to our next guest.

He is a songwriter.

Oh, I mentioned we have a songwriter.

Have you ever written a song, Moshe?

When I was a young man, because I'm from Oakland, and like all young white boys in Oakland, I wanted to be a rapper.

And my initials to my name, my first name, M, second, my middle name, M. Guess what I thought of as my rap name?

Eminem.

You did.

I was like, I'm going to be Eminem.

Really?

And then the only reason I'm not a successful rapper today is because another rapper came along and took that moniker.

You think that's the only reason you're not successful, or that's the only reason you don't have a cringe-worthy document of your rapping out there?

That's right.

Somewhere, like Jenson Carp.

All right, let's get to him.

He's a songwriter of note.

Oh, he's been on the show before.

Uh.

Oh my god, what is happening right now?

Please welcome to the show, back to the show, Lord Andrew Lloyd Webber.

Ah, yes.

It is I. Can you hear, Scottrick?

Can you hear the music?

I can hear the music.

It's you.

Someone gave me the ox.

I slipped the ox cord to you.

Dude, can you identify this music that is playing right now?

It's kind of discordant, and it seems like something that is getting you from one scene to another, where you're not supposed to necessarily hum it, but it's- Silence, silence.

Don't wave your hand at me.

First of all, first of all, it's an overture, so I doubt that it's getting you from one scene to another.

No scenes have happened yet.

I guess you're, OK, so it's getting you from curtain up to the next scene?

It's getting you from having unwrapped your hard candies- Hopefully.

To the lights going down, to the show beginning.

What is the purpose of an or-or-orverture?

The overture, oh yes, here it is.

Oh, I know this song.

The overture.

This is when that space cat, like, starts flying around.

Why stop the music?

I was enjoying it finally.

This is very insulting.

You- Space cat starts flying around.

You don't like- What is this, a Kurt Russell vehicle?

That darn cat.

You don't like jokes about your musical cats.

I don't.

So the last month or so has probably been very terrible.

Oh, I don't think so, and do you know why?

Why is that?

Because, first of all, I'm Lord Andrew Weber.

Welcome back to the show.

Of course, composer, songwriter has composed, started off with, what was that guy's name?

Joseph and his amazing technicolor dream coat.

Joseph and the amazing technicolor dream coat.

And then we stayed in the Bible, but then went to the New Testament.

That's correct.

And got old JC superstar on the books.

He's Christ the star.

And then you were like, you know what, enough Bible stuff.

I don't want to be pigeonholed.

And you went and wrote about Eva Peron, who a lot of people thought was a saint.

You'd cry for me.

One of your most famous songs.

Madonna herself covered that.

Yes.

Not a fan.

What did you think of that movie?

I've heard better.

I wasn't that impressed by the movie, I have to tell you.

The film left something to be desired.

And what would that be?

A curtain speech by me.

You think any?

I pitched it to the filmmakers.

I said, I think this adaptation would benefit from a little curtain on the screen that comes up.

A little curtain?

Well, there's a big curtain in front of the screen.

OK, sure.

That opens.

Then the motion picture starts.

The little curtain.

A littler curtain.

And that's screen sized?

No, it's the size a curtain would be in real life.

Oh, in real life.

Oh, OK.

So like if it was covering your window.

Yes, exactly.

OK.

So the size of a window dressing.

And then that curtain opens.

And there's a tiny little pin dot.

That's me.

I'm walking for a great distance.

How long does it take you to?

As long as it takes.

Yeah, boy.

As long as it takes.

I'm not going to run.

What is this, Chariots of Fire?

Oh, beautiful song.

You ever considered turning that into a musical?

Da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da.

Maybe I'm doing Hill Street Blues.

Da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da.

That is Chariots of Fire.

We are Chariots of Fire.

We runs a long, long time.

We are British men.

Look at us run in Chariots of Fire.

We have a chariot.

Want to pave my ears with cement?

What song were you singing?

I think I segued into the white shadow, perhaps.

And I was doing the extended lyrics to Chariots of Fire.

I knew what you were doing.

Thank you.

Lyrics make it so much easier to figure out what someone's doing.

Now then, I have had a wonderful month since the release of Cats, the motion picture.

The motion picture Cats, did you see a motion picture?

Which many people said couldn't be done.

More people said shouldn't be done.

So an amount of people couldn't.

Bigger than that shouldn't.

And 99.9% of the people in the world wouldn't.

Yes.

And yet it was.

I am that remaining 0.9%, because I do.

That eventually would be brought to the silver screen in all its glory.

No, I didn't see the movie, but my father brought me to Broadway and got me on stage tickets when I was a little boy.

What does that mean, on stage tickets?

You were literally, I guess, a backseat.

What do you think it means?

You're sitting on stage during the show?

Is that what it means?

Yeah, pretty much.

Why did you have to mediate that?

In the wings.

Because it was a very simple concept that you seem to challenge.

I just don't.

I've only seen people from the audience on actual stages in Broadway during Rocky the musical.

And they were transplanted from their seats so that the boxing ring could come out into the crowd.

I guess you'd call them backstage seats.

But you were in the wings, but you could be seen.

And the cats were actually interacting with you.

Because my father had heard that it was the greatest Broadway musical of all time.

My father, however, is and was a deaf man.

Right, yes.

So he didn't know for sure.

He is, was.

Well, actually, he was.

He's dead.

But that's neither here nor there.

He can hear now.

All deaf people can hear in heaven.

And as you know, Andrew.

That's the subject of Andrew's next musical.

That's a beautiful song title.

That was a song from Jesus Christ in his heart.

That was cut for time.

Oh, really?

Jesus, don't you know that all deaf people can hear up in heaven?

Why don't you write any of those rock songs anymore?

Those were good.

So tired.

A school of rock, dear boy.

A school of rock.

I wrote a bloody musical about the whole school of it.

So you saw Cats when you were but a boy.

And how did you enjoy it?

I absolutely loved it.

The cats came up to me.

They meowed at me.

I loved every second of it.

Sounds like a dream.

It was really beautiful.

Something I would pay $150 to $300 for.

Yeah, it was special.

Scott, did you want to interview anyone else about their childhood experience of seeing the musical that I wrote?

Or should I leave?

We have two guests here, and I want to include Moshe in this conversation so we don't exclude him.

Very nice.

So, uh.

Andrew, have you seen Aladdin?

I have seen Aladdin.

What do you think?

The genius is terribly funny.

It's really funny, isn't it?

His anachronistic references make me giggle.

So, but you did not see the movie.

I did not see the movie.

And it's.

Why, Scottrick, you knew I was going to be on your program.

Why haven't you seen the movie?

I'm so sorry.

I just I don't think I'm in the minority here, though.

Oh, no.

What, what better things did you have to do than seeing the motion picture of cats on the gigantic silver screen?

Well, my family came over for Christmas.

Are they a family of ignoramuses that couldn't enjoy the cinema?

I thought you were going to ask if they are a family of cats.

Or a family of dogs.

Oh, yeah.

My family are all dogs.

I would not take.

I would take neither dogs nor cats to see this motion picture.

Really, why not?

It will be terribly confusing because for the dogs, it was like fear in their hearts.

Because the cats are giant or because there are so many of them?

Because they are giant, being on the silver screen.

Are they giant?

But also they're.

No.

In the movie?

But also cats are all.

Cat sized for the most part.

For the most part.

And cats are all huge Judi Dench fans, so they'd be so confused seeing that her in cat form.

That's true.

You joke, but.

Judi cat.

Cats would be.

Put a pin in that.

Cats, of course, must never see this film because they would see what they wish to be, but cannot be.

It's aspirational for them, but too aspirational.

To be so far from heaven.

Yes.

It's so close to heaven.

So you asked me to put a pin in Judi cat.

Yes, we'll come back.

We'll come back to it another time.

Giving people cat names.

I will say right away, Judi cat.

Not a great star.

Not great.

Judi meow?

I think we could beat that one.

Anyway, I'm pleased as Patches Pilot to have so many people going to see the motion picture cats again and again and again.

So there are a lot of repeat viewers, you think?

Yes, there are.

I know there are.

I know of this.

How do you know of this?

It's all the chatter online.

People are going again and again and again.

It seemed to me and I while I didn't see it, I was tracking both the box office numbers and reception online.

And it seemed to me like a lot of people were seeing it.

Do you know this term ironically?

I of course, I know the word.

I speak English.

The Queen's you appropriated.

I speak the Queen's English.

How's the Queen doing, by the way?

Have you checked in with her about all this mexit kind of thing?

Do you know she's terribly unhappy?

Really?

It took her by surprise?

Did it blindside her?

Hashtag blindside survivor?

It blinded her with mexit.

Good heavens, Miss Nakamoto.

Mexit!

She had no idea this was coming.

She had no idea that the Duke and the Duchess were so unhappy despite the tabloids being absolutely racist from the moment she set foot on English soil.

Somehow the Queen was caught by surprise.

Never anticipated something like that happening.

Never anticipated anything.

And you know, they were a little upset.

They were dealing with Prince Andrew.

Sure, yeah.

He has his problems, you know.

He's got his weaknesses, the poor thing.

I would say that the Queen is like the ultimate in white privilege.

There's probably no better example of white privilege than the Queen of England.

Well, I suppose if you consider white privilege to be a byproduct of divine right?

I guess I do.

I suppose that's a kind of white privilege.

So is she taking solace in her corgis, her army of corgis from across all dimensions?

You know, corgis can't bring her out of it.

She used to wrestle with the corgis every morning.

She'd have a full English breakfast.

Like when you say wrestle, do you mean like, like literally?

Yeah, she'd get down on the floor.

With the referee?

And she would say, yes, with the referee.

Oh, and it's in a singlet?

The corgis are in a little singlet?

It's the most adorable.

If you could imagine it.

It sounds incredible.

Just a pack of corgis, five of them.

Five at a time.

Little custom made wrestling singlets.

And the Queen of England in one as well.

Yes.

And one of those masks.

That's adapted to attach to her crown.

A Lucha Libre mask?

Yes, a Lucha Libre mask with a crown.

And she's wrestling with the corgis.

And it's a Prince Philip who is the referee.

That's why Meghan left.

Because the Queen kept trying to wrestle her.

She kept telling her to put the singlet on.

You didn't hear that?

I did not hear this.

Yep, yep, yep.

She wanted to wear an all glitter singlet and rename herself Meghan Sparkle.

This is true, you guys.

Andrew, Andrew, hear me out on this one.

I thought you were talking to Prince Andrew.

Is he here?

Oh, no, he's not here.

Don't worry, don't worry.

Andrew, the good prince.

So now Lloyd Webber, Lord Webber.

When?

How many times?

I keep thinking Lloyd is Lord.

It's been more than a day.

But you are, you get, it's the Flintstones conundrum.

When words sound very similar to each other, which one do you use?

Your name sounds like a bunch of made up nonsense.

How do I remember your name?

I have no idea.

Scott Ockerman.

Scottrick, of course.

So it's been a tough time with the queen, but back to Cats.

The movie comes out.

I'm trying.

I don't know.

I mean, first of all, it didn't do well in the BO, the box office, but.

But, but, but, but, but, but where is the box office figures for people that are going to see it again and again?

Perhaps their numbers are not great.

Total ticket sales?

Did great in the litter box office.

Guys, it's called Cats.

Some people were saying it was the only film flop of 2019.

Some people say I'm a space cowboy.

What's the, what does it matter what people say?

This is gossip, idle gossip.

That's true.

So did, did, back to the question about people seeing it ironically, it seemed to me like people were going to laugh at the movie Cats.

Well, some of the Cats are very funny.

Buster for Jones.

Larry if he's fat.

Macavity is not fair.

Jenny any dots?

She's hilarious, fat.

Let's see who else is fat.

There's Garfield.

He's not in the movie.

We talked before, you said you were including every fictional cat in this movie.

I wanted, we ran out of time.

So you ran out of time for Heathcliff?

Heathcliff, Garfield, the Aristocats.

I wanted to put the famous Internet cat, Grumpy cat, a keyboard cat, Morris the cat from my life.

Cat Williams.

I wanted to have a green velvet cat with a Prince Valiant haircut.

What about the cast of the Aristocrats?

That's a cratch.

Paul Provenza, Cat Williams, you know all the classic cats.

That's a crat.

Sure, but I'm just saying, could be great.

Cat and crat are not the same thing.

What about the Democrats?

Cats versus crats, whoever wins, we lose.

You could write that on your own time.

Okay, well I just may.

So you ran out of time, so.

But you did the movie, they hadn't finished the picture.

They sent it to the theaters.

It did see that.

They had to take it out of theaters after four days.

We were huddled, we were huddled in the roof.

It's myself, director Tom Hooper, a bunch of animators working through the night, several pots of coffee, many pots of tea.

And then the premiere day had come.

We were still there, just shirt sleeves, rolled up hair askew.

There was a banging on the door.

We need that movie.

And so we had to surrender it before I could put in all the cats that I wanted to put in.

So, but when you re-surrendered it four days later.

The cat from outer space.

Yes, of course.

That darn cat.

Toonces.

Toonces the cat who drives a car.

Oh, Toonces, would've been so good.

Drive around in a car.

Oh, man.

Jordan Catalano.

Of course.

The one in the hat.

One in the hat.

The one in the hat.

Which cat was in the hat?

Oh, Andrew, you just stepped in it, dude.

Oh my God, you're fucking up hard.

The cat in the hat, dude.

The cat, Andrew, sir.

Lord.

Your honor.

Lloyd.

The cat in the hat.

Your grace is excepting you.

Andrew Lord Webber.

Sir Andrew Lord Webber.

What's Andrew Lord Webber?

Now you've got him doing it, dear boy.

Was there ever any talk about getting Mike Myers to redo his role of, I guess it's not a redo.

What are you talking about?

The cat in the hat might be a fellow.

Now you're saying it.

What is this?

Okay.

There was a movie that Mike Myers was in called The Cat in the Hat, where he would come in and it looked like a cat, he had a big top hat on.

And he did coffee talk to her.

Yeah, and he would walk in and he would go, yeah, baby.

He would go, one million dollars.

Is this sir married an ex-murderer?

Yes, that's what the film was called.

Could have been, could have been.

So, but I think people were not laughing with- Hurricane Katrina.

Oh, hurricane Katrina.

Just wipes everyone out in the air.

A little darkness there, yeah.

Oh, little darkness is a wonderful name for a cat.

I just- Yeah, little darkness.

Psst, psst, psst, psst, psst.

I just think, Lloyd Webber, that- I put your fancy fees to the crystal goblet.

I just think people were not laughing with the cats.

Like, ho ho ho ho, Rum Tum Tugger is so funny.

They were laughing at how- He's not, he's not funny.

He's not funny?

He's curious.

Okay.

If you offer him one thing, he wants a different thing.

Buster for Jones, fat.

Jerry Eredott's fat.

That's, is that your go-to?

Is that all you, I mean- I beg your pardon?

I'm trying to think of any other character in any of your, your musicals.

Excuse me, sir, I can't stay quiet anymore.

I'm so sorry.

Who's this now?

I'm so sorry, sir.

Did I interrupt in the wrong spot, Mr. Ockerman?

I'm so sorry.

It's okay, we just have to go to a break here.

Who are you?

Okay, my name's Jim, I'm sorry.

I just had to name several cats because it's my life passion.

It's an honor to meet you, Mr. Lloyd Webber.

Oh, wait, are you the contest winner?

Yeah, my name's Jim.

Mr. Webber, my apologies.

Sir Webber, my apologies.

No, but the names of cats you're thinking of are like Skimbleshanks, Ginni Any Dots, Buster for Jones, Macavity, Victoria, I guess, is now a new cat.

She got a song, you know.

Mungo, Jerry and Rumpelteser, Mr. Mistoffelees.

The list goes on and on.

Gus, the theater cat, he loves theater.

This Jim knows all the cats?

I know several of the cats, sirs.

Jim, you like crowd work at all?

I got this new album coming out.

You're gonna love it.

I love crowd work.

Namely, I love being in the crowd for shows, but I'm sorry, I interrupted your break, sir.

No, that's all right, Jim, Jim, you're our contest winner?

Yeah, I won the contest.

Thank you so much for having it.

We do need to take a break.

I wanna, this is actually setting up a tease that we'll solve on the other side of this break.

Exactly what contest you won in order to be on this show, I would presume, but don't say yet, don't say yet.

Lloyd Webber, we have to- Andrew Lloyd Webber, painter of the realm, Lord Webber.

Lord Webber, Lord Webber.

We have to take a break, is that okay?

Can you stick around?

Yes, I want to find out about this contest, you'll win it.

Okay, in motion, you can stick around.

Okay, great.

Let's take a break.

When we come back, we'll have more from this contest winner.

We'll be right back with more comedy bang bang after this.

Comedy bang bang, we're back here, motion cashier, of course.

The album is called- Crowdsurfing.

Crowdsurfing, it's out right now.

And here's a man who also has several albums out there and oh dear.

And this is one of them.

Still available in stores, I would imagine.

Yes, downloadable on Apple Music.

Is this from the movie or is this the Broadway recording?

This is the original Broadway recording.

Hmm, you didn't buy the new one?

They were supposed to save me one.

And I don't know what the holdup is.

Okay, I understand.

We also have Jim.

Hi, thanks so much.

Jim, who's a contest winner.

And before the break, you burst in and- I'm sorry, I couldn't contain myself.

You guys were struggling to name some cats and I just thought maybe I could be of assistance.

I mean, yeah.

So is that what you won the contest for?

Oh no, I wish.

You named the most cats?

That would have been the best day of my life to just like name things from an Andrew Lloyd Webber musical.

I'd surely win.

I've been studying you my whole life, sir.

Bless my buttons, this is very flattering.

Thank you, Jim.

Thank you.

No, my contest was making tap shoes sentient.

San Diego buttons?

Sorry, what?

Yeah, yeah.

I mean, you're in a bunch of tap shoes, think and feel and live and create a city together.

Your con, your, this was a contest.

Uh-huh, they were like, what's the weirdest thing you could do?

And I guess I won.

Oh, so it wasn't a contest in order to do this and you did the most of them.

No, I came up with it.

The contest was, what's the weirdest thing you can do?

Yeah, I don't know, Mr. Ockerman.

I assumed you held the contest.

I did not hold this contest.

Star Trek, did you hold such a contest?

I don't have any contests, I'm sorry.

I responded to an ad that was about a contest so that I could come on the show and meet Sir Andrew Lloyd Webber.

Wait, the prize was- Star Trek, did you put it in a first-person newspaper?

I mean, maybe in the classified section, but I- That's where I saw it.

Honestly, it was, I mean, it's a code for other people.

You wanted someone to cut off your penis and fry it in front of you.

Yes.

Oh, I misunderstood that.

It's not a real contest.

I just did the contest and then somebody sent me a plane ticket, so here I am.

Okay, so what, so what were, were there other contestants?

Yeah, my best friend, Elizabeth, she did, she built- Your best friend got involved?

Yeah, yeah, yeah, I needed to like- She was trying to win instead of you or?

Well, yeah, because there didn't seem to be any other opponents and so I needed some sort of a foe in order to- In order to rise above, yeah.

Jim, may I ask you?

Please, anything, sir.

Wouldn't, wouldn't, if you were entering the contest, you saw there were no other contestants.

I can't believe you're talking to me right now, I'm sorry.

Wouldn't you feel, wouldn't you feel, I like my chances?

They seem to be 100% or so victory.

So, Jim, your interests in life are making tap shoes sentient and the works of Andrew Lloyd Webber?

I'm putting into like a lot of things that have to do with musical theater, so tap shoes are in that, you know, in that zeitgeist in general.

Oovera, sure, you've got great words too.

Just like Mr. Lloyd Webber, you've got, sorry, Sir Andrew Lloyd Webber, you've got great words, sir.

What's the greatest word that you know?

The million.

Beautiful word.

Oh, it's a stunning word.

I think it would have been a Potiphar.

Potiphar, where'd you come up with his name?

Was that in the Bible?

That's from Jesus Christ Superstar.

Jesus Christ Superstar character, yes.

Is that a person in the Bible?

I don't know, I only- That's a person in the, he's an extra in the Bible.

Oh, so you didn't come up with that.

He's a background artist.

If you go to the back of the Bible, you will see the list of background artists.

In the index.

Oh, that was really inventive of you to think of that, man.

So, oh, I, sir, window.

Jim, I'm very flattered by your kind words.

I'm sweating so hard.

What am I, please stay and relax, young boy, everything's fine.

Okay.

What, what, now tell me more about this, this thing you've done, where you've made tap shoes sentient, you've granted them life?

Yeah, they're living peacefully now.

They actually have way better self-governing tactics than most humans or animals, so they're fine.

Where are they?

They're in Elyria, Ohio.

Why, is that where you're from or where?

No, it just seemed like a nice place to raise a family.

You said that they created a city, but then they actually took over the existing city of Elyria, Ohio.

No, tap shoes are very small, sir, so they can create their own city.

What's a city within a city?

Exists a small.

Depending on how many there are.

Well, imagine if you have 100,000 tap shoes, like how much space is that gonna fill?

How many times have I imagined that?

Right, exactly, right.

Are they living vertically?

Yeah, they stand upright, and they pay their bills on time, sir.

The city is one tap shoe on top of itself all the way up to the sky, 100,000 of them?

You know, I'd have to go back and check.

Or do they spread out?

I mean.

I have not kept up with them, that's not really my deal.

Like, I brought them to life, and now I want them to fend for themselves and I'm very less prepared.

Just like a checked out god, exactly like a god who created us and left us to fend for ourselves on this hellscape.

I mean, Hosanna Hayes, Hosanna Hayes, and a ho, you know what I mean?

Now?

I'm sorry, I shouldn't quote you.

May I ask?

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

The tap shoes have been granted life.

Did they begin tapping on their own, or is it something they don't wish to do?

Yeah, do they not like tapping?

Be tapped?

They just wanted to speak, they just wanted to talk to me in English.

So they're not only alive, but they speak.

You gave them mouths?

Yeah, I didn't give them anything.

I mean, all shoes have tongues, I guess.

All shoes have tongues, all dogs go to heaven.

And the glue that puts the sole upon the leather.

I feel like we're focusing a lot on the tap shoes.

Well, it's the most interesting thing about you at this point.

How do you know you haven't really even talked to me or asked me any more questions?

Well, it is the weirdest thing that you can do.

Do you have something more interesting about you than the fact that you brought tap shoes to life?

It's debatable.

But Mr. Lloyd Webber, what I really wanted to come here and do is tell you that I've been chasing you, I've been following your work, and I'd like to ask you for a job, sir.

A job?

Yeah.

Do you have any tap shoes needs?

I have a, I'm a student.

It's not tap shoe related.

Do you have any at home?

Do I have tap shoes?

Of course I have tap shoes at home.

And have you always wanted to talk to them?

That's how I composed the Skimbleshanks song.

Oh man.

By putting them on or by?

I put tap shoes on my hands and played the piano with them.

How did that sound?

It sounded like the Skimbleshanks song.

What does that, and remind me how that sounds.

Skimbleshanks.

I was pointing towards your phone like you would actually play it.

Oh, would you like to hear it?

Yeah, I would like to hear a little bit of Skimbleshanks.

I'm sure it will sound exactly as I have just described it.

Skimbleshanks of course is the railway cat.

The railway cat.

The railway train.

Oh, this has a tap feel to it.

It's got a little bit of a Christmas vibe too.

Yeah, well the jingle bells.

♪ Skimbleshanks the railway cat ♪ ♪ The cat of the railway train ♪ Did he make it into the movie?

♪ Is a letter down the line ♪ Did he make, yes he made the change.

Oh my God, it was an incredible performance.

It was the high point of the film.

It was an incredible performance.

It was a tap performance.

Who played?

Some guy.

A guy.

A guy who could tap really good.

This motion picture is filled with some of the biggest stars of cinema and some other people.

And then people who can do the part really well but we don't know because they haven't been on the wire.

Yes, and then there's Mr. Mistoffelees.

Someone who's not very well known but also maybe can't sing so well.

And I have a bone to pick about Mr. Mistoffelees.

Well, I can't believe I'm challenging you already.

I can't believe I'm challenging you already.

You seem to pick a bone with Andrew Lloyd Webber.

I had issues with the film.

Jim.

Whoa.

This is incredible.

Contest winner Jim.

I'm sorry.

You seek to be my apprentice and yet you challenge me before you're even given an appointment.

I got thrown with all the tap shoe talk and it made me falsely bold.

Let's put aside the idea that you've granted life to shoes for just one moment.

I'd love to put that aside.

What is your issue with me?

You changed Mungo Jerry and Rumpeltier.

You changed the melody of the song and the rhythm of it.

So I couldn't sing along to it when I was in there.

Why did you do that?

There's a very good reason, Jim.

Mungo Jerry and Rumpeltier.

Please, please, please.

That's how we all want to sing it.

That's how we all know it.

And how did it sound in the actual movie?

Mungo Jerry and Rumpeltier.

Some bullshit like that.

Excuse my French.

Okay.

There's a very good reason why I did that.

Yeah.

I thought if children went to see the film and adults were singing along, it would encourage the children to a life of naughty crimes.

If I change the melody and the adults cannot sing along, the children will see Mungo Jerry and Rumpeltier for what they are.

Mischievous naughty crime cats.

Not to be admired, but to be feared and avoided.

I see.

So you didn't want any sense of familiarity with these cats?

No.

I thought adult singing along would be an endorsement of their crimes, naughty crimes.

I see.

So you wanted this to be a warning to children, not an endorsement.

Exactly.

Okay. Does that make sense to you, Jim?

I mean, they were a notorious couple of cats.

So I guess I acknowledge that.

I understand it.

These are crime cats?

I don't really know.

Naughty crimes.

They're a notorious couple of cats.

They're turnabout clowns and quick change comedians, I believe.

These cats, they delight in- These don't sound like crimes.

I'm doing another album of quick change comedy, by the way, also.

After the crowd work, it's all quick change.

It's a lot is lost on the audio.

So you're just wearing a lot of outfits?

Yeah, and then I go by on a curtain and I quickly change my outfit and I come out in the crowd.

In 45 seconds or so?

And the crowd loves it.

But honestly, it's not a great audio.

I say, the chamois.

What if you were to do a quick change where you unzipped the outfit that you were wearing and you had an identical outfit on underneath?

That's part of it.

Definitely.

Including the skin of your arms.

I take off the skin of my skin so it'd be entire. And underneath.

You unzip your hands?

He's wearing a short sleeve and a polo type shirt.

And then he, so you could see his bare human arms, but then he unzips and then he's got on a different outfit, but also the arms are part of it.

Okay.

This is a classic trait of a Gumby cat, if you're not familiar, Scott.

Do you know Gumby cat?

I don't know what a Gumby cat is.

Jenny Any Dots, fat.

Jenny Any Dots, it's a Gumby cat.

What?

I have a Gumby cat and my name is Jenny Any Dots.

She sits in, sits in, sits in.

This is my problem with the whole show.

Okay. And why I don't think that, My word.

Why I don't think that it was a very commercial film and which has been evidenced by the box office receipts, but it's just nonsense.

It's nonsense.

What?

What is Gumby cats?

Are you quick change artists?

Every cat is a- What?

It's a cat, it's a- The list of Gumby, a Gumby attribute is explained.

You have a mysterious cat.

You have a rascally cat.

There are practical cats.

You have a cat who drives the train.

There are heretical cats.

You have cats.

There are substantial cats.

Are old and love the theater.

There are patriotic cats.

You have cats who are young and impressionable.

Every type of cat is described in great detail.

And you have a cat who's a magician.

What are gelical cats again?

They're dear little cats.

Said in a child's accent.

Don't you read T.S. Eliot?

God, I'm sorry I'm getting so emotional.

I just, I can't stand to see your life's work disrespected, sir.

It's quite all right, Jim.

I admire your ferocious defense of me and my work.

Scott Shrek, I cannot believe after all the time we've known each other.

We're just now getting down to brass text.

Regarding gelical cats?

You don't think cats was very commercial?

Look.

Cats are everywhere!

There are too many.

I mean, what about those of us who are allergic?

Did you ever think about that?

That people may not go to the movie theater because they're like, oh, I'm allergic to cats.

I can't see this film.

Fair.

Like the people that were afraid of the train running at them?

Yes.

In the early days of film?

Yes.

It's why I can't see a movie called Grapefruit.

Those people are long dead.

Yeah, or why you apparently won't see Starlight Express, another one of Shirley Weber's.

That is another one.

How do you know I haven't seen this?

Well, I don't know.

You sound scared of trains.

Did you ever think about that?

If you make that into a movie, it's gonna be a disaster.

I've thought about nothing else since the day I composed Starlight Express.

This belongs on the silver screen.

And what we will do is, much like cats, rather than take the Broadway version and transmogrify it into a filmic language, we will simply try to just do what happened on Broadway.

No matter how unsettling it may look, if it ain't broke, don't fix it, darling.

So it would still be people on roller skates impersonating parts of a train.

Of course we could animate trains.

We're not going to.

We're going to have people addressed as trains in liras.

Liras and rollerblades.

And like some sort of weird helmet.

We're fighting helmets.

But what we'll add to make sure we employ the uncanny valley is sometimes you'll be able to see people inside of them.

Yeah, like always human hands.

Like you should always have human hands even when you're playing a cat.

I encourage Dame Judy, please wear your jewelry from home.

Yeah, yeah, she did.

If you have a ring you can't take off because your finger, your elderly finger's grown around it.

Keep it on.

Keep it on, we're not gonna cover it up.

Did a human hand ever come out in the movie and like pet any of them?

Like a giant human hand?

No, but Gus did a lick out of several saucers.

It was weird to see a cat standing upright wearing a trench coat, licking out of a bowl.

To see one of the world's greatest actors, Sir Ian McKellen, slooped over a bowl, slapping at a pail of water.

Was this just some sort of practical joke that you were playing on like other rich people?

Did you say practical cat?

Ooh.

They did not.

I did not say impractical jokers either.

I said practical joke that you're playing on other rich people, other lords and other knights.

I mean, is this just something that you're doing to fuck with your friends?

I'm sure Jim will agree.

Aren't cats playing practical jokes on us all the time?

Boom.

Okay, I didn't think that was a boom, Moshe.

I mean, it's not, you know.

It felt like a bang.

It was a bang.

A bang at least, but maybe not a boom.

Let me talk to Jim for a moment.

Jim.

Yeah, yeah, thank you so much.

Is that your full name?

I go by Jim the Shim.

Let me fit in.

Jim the Shim?

Let me fit in.

You know what a shim is?

It's like a small piece of wood.

You know what that is?

Yes, you would stick it out of the door.

Yeah, yeah.

To keep it open.

Or under a wobbly table or whatever.

You have wobbly tables, Lauren?

I don't.

I've encountered them out in the world.

Oh, like in a coffee shop or something?

Why do you call yourself Jim the Shim?

Yes, I'm down there at Central Perk every day.

Down in like a Chili's?

Thank you so much, Moshe, for asking.

I love the coffee at Chili's.

Moshe asked me why I call myself Jim the Shim and the reason is because Jim the Swing didn't really work very well.

It's also not your name.

Well, it's a little theater joke.

Swing is like an understudy who can play all the roles and that's kind of my thing is that I can play all the roles.

I'm a very quick study.

I learn really fast.

I'm obsessed with Angelic Weber and a lot of different kinds of musical composers.

So I'm the ultimate shim.

I'm the person who you should put in, which is why I came here originally to ask you for a job, but you guys distracted me and made me angry and then I interrogated you about your show.

Jim, Jim, Jim, Jim, Jim.

All is well, all is well, dear boy.

I don't know, man.

All is well.

It feels hostile in here.

I'm here for a job interview.

I see what's happening.

What is it that you seek to do for me, Andrew Lloyd Webber?

Look, I just wanted to play a role in your next film because I noticed I wasn't in cast.

Next film.

I see.

I have some bad news for you.

What was wrong?

I don't know that Andrew Lloyd Webber is going to get anything made ever again after this one.

What?

How dare you?

I don't know what you're talking about.

People loved it.

People loved it and continue to love it as they go.

Again and again and again.

I had issues with it.

I saw it five times.

So Jim, you're an actor.

Yeah, I'm an actor.

I'm a producer.

I'm a writer.

I'm also available if you don't need my particular needs inside the actual show.

Let's say you have a Mrs. Potiphar in your next Joseph mounting.

Jim, Jim.

This is not the interesting thing about you.

The shoes.

Yeah, it is the shoes thing.

Guys, I- Get back to the shoes.

This is my whole life as a shim, okay?

I'm the person who fits in.

I'm a utility player, okay?

This more directly affects me.

I'm more interested in it.

Yeah, but our listeners- No, but it's not cool.

Think of them.

No, Jim, Jim.

Fine, you don't even want to talk to me, do you?

Jim, I want to talk to you.

I want to find out more about you.

No, I'm boring.

What? No, Jim, don't say that.

No one is truly boring.

A career understudy?

They're probably truly boring. Who creates life out of leather?

That's the interesting part.

I mean, that is, that feels more interesting.

I wish I'd never said it.

I think you should.

I know you do.

I know you do. Could you make anything sentient?

I wish I never said it.

No, I don't know how.

Is it, well, how did you do the tap shoes?

Was it a wish, a magic wish, like a liar liar situation or?

Look, guys, I don't know.

I just, ever since I was a kid, I've had these strange powers, okay?

Sir Andrew, can I ask you a question?

It's not Andrew. Wait!

Sir, no.

Jim just said he has strange powers.

You're asking him a question?

Is the question, now you know what it feels like.

I feel like I can bridge this.

All right.

Sir, Sir Lord, Sir Lord.

It's Lord, is your question, how do I address you properly?

Because I have an answer.

I'm a Democratic socialist, man.

I don't believe in the monarchy or whatever it is that you, I'm just like.

Well, how fortunate you don't have one then.

Okay, so listen, Lordy, do you like making shows about things that don't normally talk or have sentience that then do?

Do you ever do that?

Well, let's see, I've done it with Cats, I've done it with Starlight Express, people from the Bible.

You've done it with, yeah.

Yes, I'm just saying.

Is there something there?

Is there something on balcony?

You brought song and dance to life.

The musical song and dance.

I'm saying, if you want in, Jim, if you want in with him, I told you I was Eminem.

The Shim.

Yeah.

If you want in with him, the Shim, then don't try to act, try to react.

No, why don't you pitch this tap movie?

Well, really?

Yes, a movie about these.

I think Taps is taken.

No, it's never been made.

There's never been a movie called Taps, you're wrong.

Huh, that's weird.

A movie about these shoes that you've created in their little society and they all have personalities and they all have mouths and they live in Ohio, you said?

I mean, this is dynamite stuff.

Yeah, they suck at fucking stuff.

I mean, it's at least as good as this Cats bullshit.

I wish I'd had this thought when I came in here.

May I just say, this is all sounding very Pixar to me.

Oh, okay.

Tudo, I- Because Cats maybe would have been one type of movie if you had made it like- It was based on Owen Parcel's book of bread who cares about these ideas.

So there was source material that we put our foundation apart.

But this is source material right here, this is real life.

Yes, Jim, baby.

Yeah, I don't know, this is IP, untouched IP.

Doesn't everybody want IP these days?

I own it, I guess.

Everyone wants IP, yeah.

You're offering this IP freely?

I think we should share it.

I think we should strike up a business arrangement.

You know, like the old, like, like Rogers and Hart.

I will say you don't own the life rights to these shoes, I would imagine, unless you negotiated these before you set them free in Ohio.

I did actually, yeah.

I had a lawyer drop a right to life contract.

Wait, so you part of the right to life movement?

It seemed separate, it seemed very separate.

I don't know.

Does a mother own the life rights to her child?

I don't know, this lawyer from Ohio came up to me and said, I part of the right to life movement and please sign this document.

Oh no, you shouldn't have signed that.

You gave sentence to a city full of tap shoes then hired a pro-life attorney to give you life rights over them, then came to LA and didn't want to talk about that and wanted to talk about your life as an actor?

It's just as an understudy?

Let's talk about your life as an actor.

No, look, look, look, look.

What productions have you been featured in?

We need to take a break, guys.

Hey, it's just getting interesting.

I don't think we can get into this.

When we come back, we'll hopefully segue a little more into the tap shoes part of this with Jim.

I doubt it.

We also have Lord Andrew Lloyd Webber and Motion Caster.

We'll be right back with more Comedy Bang Bang after this.

Comedy Bang Bang, we're back here.

Motion Caster, crowd surfing.

Yeah.

Is that what it's called?

Yes, it is.

Wow.

Out right now, you can stream it or buy it, whatever you like.

We also have Lord Andrew Lloyd Webber.

Hello.

Plenty of copies of the cat's Blu-ray, probably sitting in warehouses.

Oh dear.

Da da da da.

This is so.

Doesn't it put you in mind of a bunch of cats?

No.

It does me, it really.

It really sounds, it sounds like the terrible, like overscored music from a 60s horror film.

I'm not familiar with this very specific example you've given.

When the music had to do all the work because you couldn't really film anything back in the 60s, it was like me being a guest on your show.

All right, I'm trying to stop it.

Thank you, yes.

We also have, please.

We also have Jim, the shim.

I'm really embarrassed right now.

Why is Jim, why?

I'm embarrassed, I tanked the whole segment.

I should just get out, I should just leave.

This is always a problem.

I come in when they wanna see the main actor, the main actor's gone because they're sick or they're getting married, and then I come in and everybody's disappointed.

So this just tracks with my whole life.

So I'm gonna go.

So, wait.

There's another study you have performed on the stage?

Yeah, I've done like a thousand student matinees.

The ones that the actors don't wanna go to.

Is performing not the greatest gift one can give oneself?

Agreed.

Jim, will you tell me what is your, what do you consider your definitive role?

Well, I did, I mean, I did do a really good, Oh boy.

I guess technically like I, none of my characters have names.

Let me ask the question again, but I'll stretch it out.

This is the problem.

Jim.

This is the problem.

In your storied career.

I mean, Jim rather is born of his own stories.

What would you say in your own opinion and personal experience would be your, how we say, definitive role that you have played?

I guess I was in the chorus for the alto part of Tell Me On A Sunday once you merged it with song and dance.

You were an understudy for that particular part of the chorus.

Yeah, it was a four person production of Tell Me On A Sunday that got merged with a six person production of song and dance.

And we did everything in choral part harmony.

This is one of my works?

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

You wrote with them both and then you smashed them together cause they were bad on their own.

Remember?

They weren't great together.

I remember specifically forbidding that to happen and someone has gone behind my back.

Oh no, who do you think it is?

Is it Sir Ian McKellen?

That I've got my revenge.

I knew it.

I knew Cats was all just a revenge play.

Yes, yes, are you happy?

Yeah, I know it.

Now you know.

I hate Judi Dench.

That's why I did Castor in the first place when the musical first came out.

I made him look like a big moraine.

Uh oh.

Taylor Swift.

That's right.

I can't start wise.

Definitely dual British accent.

♪ Cause we both were in cahoots ♪ ♪ That's right it's me the Rum Tum Tugger ♪ Yeah.

The whole time.

It's been the Rum Tum Tugger.

The whole time.

Well, no, I was entering as myself.

Jim is still here.

We just skipped over a major detail.

Even more confusing.

Yeah, no, it's great.

I was also briefly confused.

You're not Weirdamony, Alimony, Tony, right?

In heaven's no, I'm still me.

♪ Look, no one's doing bad, everybody's doing great ♪ ♪ Especially me, I don't have low blood sugar ♪ ♪ Andrew Lloyd Webber and I planned a prank ♪ ♪ It's called the Cats Movie cause it is bad ♪ We planned a plank on everyone.

You planned a plank.

I've called my revenge on Idris Elba.

What was your beef with Idris?

I said, he wanted to be the next James Bond.

I said, no.

What's your issue with that?

He's a little too street.

Okay, this is all code.

Okay, I don't know.

I would take umbrage with his DJing maybe.

I think his DJ is wonderful.

Oh, you like his DJ?

I love his DJ.

Who else is in this Cats Movie?

Taylor Swift, he just did.

Taylor Swift.

James Corden.

Jason Derulo, he played my part.

Who played you?

♪ Jason Derulo ♪ ♪ Jason Derulo ♪ Yeah, what's your issue with Jason Derulo?

He got too much, he's gotten too much fame off of that calendar meme.

That's a good point.

If you offer me Jason, I'd rather have me.

Were you upset, Rum Tum Tugger, you were in the movie or this was all a ploy that you guys had?

Oh, Jim's totally gone, Jim left already?

No, Jim's still here.

He's not even there on the corner.

Oh, sorry, I didn't see you.

No, I'm here, I just thought I'd leave because I'm clearly boring the hell out of you.

You are so interesting.

If you just lean into your strength.

Just listen to Stan Lee, just listen to Tugger.

Rum Tum Tugger.

I think you're fascinating to all these understanding people.

I gotta go.

Rum Tum Tugger, I have a question.

I absolutely motion, I'm a fan of your work.

Oh, thank you, you like crowd work and stuff?

Uh oh, he's a curious cat.

If you offer me motion, I'd rather have Cat Williams.

No, not, ha!

Rum Tum, let me ask you.

What's your question, Motion Cat?

You think it's kinda cool and interesting that a person puts sentience into a set of tap shoes?

Is that the most interesting thing you've ever heard?

If tap shoes come to life, then Skimbleshanks is out of a job.

So you don't like it?

I don't like things that put cats out of jobs.

So do you think someone who did that then should be punished in some way?

I think anyone who made tap shoes think on their own should go into a corner and never leave.

They shouldn't be on a podcast or talking to any of us.

Well now I feel bad.

They should go home because they did a bad job.

No, no, I feel bad now.

Jim, you come back.

Catch me in it right up to my neck.

Jim, we want you back, you.

Don't listen to Rum Tum Tugger.

Hey, yeah, no, what's up?

Don't listen to Rum Tum Tugger.

No, I think I should listen to him.

I think I should go.

I've messed this whole thing up.

You haven't messed the whole thing up.

Well, then you take heart in what you just learned, Jim.

That was Rum Tum Tugger.

Yeah.

That was the real Rum Tum Tugger.

That wasn't an actor playing Rum Tum Tugger.

In a way it actually is, but he's fused himself with the character.

Yeah, there's a lot of backstory with Rum Tum Tugger.

But I'm just saying, there are no understudies in cats.

It's not a movie.

It's not a Broadway show.

It's about real cats.

They're real people.

Rum Tum is real.

So you could never have the job.

That's right.

You know what else, where else rather, there are no understudies?

Life.

Right.

This is not a dress rehearsal.

You're the, yeah.

That's not true, twins.

Jim.

Or like the vice president.

The movie?

Wait, did you write Twins?

The movie with Danny DeVito?

You wrote Twins?

No one knows this.

Wait a minute.

No one knows this.

You wrote Twins?

Everyone knows I wrote Twins.

With Danny DeVito and Arnold Schwarzenegger?

I wrote Jingle All The Way.

I wrote Junior.

I did?

I've written every Schwarzenegger comedy.

Everyone knows this.

Last Action Hero?

Yes, of course I did.

You wrote It's Not A Tumor?

Yes, It's Not A Tumor.

How did you come up with that?

Oh yeah.

That's so funny.

It's a classic line.

It's Not A Tumor.

No, how did you come up with it though?

You can't just shout it.

Oh, it's something my doctor said once.

Now, Jim.

Yeah.

I feel, I'm just gutted that my prank with Rumptotuggers and snare you in its web, I want to offer you- No one's sorrier than me.

I want to offer you a job.

Oh.

The whole time?

Oh my gosh.

I want you to be my understudy in life.

What?

Wait, but Scott just said there are no understudies in life.

Yes, I'm a curious lord and I canceled out what he's just said.

Wait.

So you want when you expire or perish?

If I expire or perish.

Okay, granted.

You want Jim to take over your life?

As I move on to my new life, once I travel to the Heaviside lair, there will be a void left for an Andrew Lloyd Webber.

There will be a void and a black hole would suck all of creation into it.

That's one of the ultimate voids.

I didn't mean like that.

Oh, I'm just saying without Andrew Lloyd Webber, I hope life doesn't get sucked into the black hole of nothingness.

That's very flattering.

I hadn't considered that an option, but you could be right.

Jim, what do you think?

So you want me to step into your shoes like the Phantom of the Opera stepped into that mask?

Like the shoes that you created.

Don't use a different shoes metaphor.

It's confusing.

What are you talking about?

But the first shoes thing wasn't a metaphor.

That was just a thing I did.

I'm just saying, if you're gonna bring up shoes.

This was a perfect metaphor as the Phantom of the Opera stepped into that mask.

He wasn't born in that thing is all I'm saying.

But you think it was held up at face height and he stepped into it?

Probably.

How else you get into a mask?

You bend down to the ground, put your face on the ground?

No, you bend your arms down and lift it up to your face.

But you had to take a step to get to wherever the mask was, didn't you?

Jim's got an answer for everything, Scottrick.

Well, sub things.

Jim is infuriating, much like you, Lord Weber.

So I guess it makes sense.

So look, Jim, if you wanna take over Andrew Lloyd Weber's life, we'll pay for it.

You'll pay for it?

That's the contest.

You just won the contest.

Congratulations.

The whole time?

The whole time.

Wow.

It was to take over Andrew Lloyd Weber's life and for Comedy Bang Bang to pay for it.

Wow.

I thought I heard Landru in there.

Landru.

Landru Calrissian.

Landru.

I like that.

How are you doing Chewbacca?

He famously said.

The best night of my life.

It is night, Jim, by the way.

It's like 11.55 PM.

♪ Of a thousand stars ♪ I hope this will be a wonderful ♪ Memory ♪ ♪ All alone in the moonlight ♪ The first word is midnight.

♪ I can smile ♪ ♪ Through my nose ♪ ♪ With blue eyes ♪ Who sang that in the movie?

Midnight.

♪ I was beautiful then ♪ Jennifer Hudson.

Jay Hud.

Jennifer Hudson.

And what did you make she with her?

She sang it several or eight times.

That's how many times it appears?

You wrote it like that.

Are you even the real Andrew Lloyd Weber?

We added three extra times.

No, Jim, guess what?

He's not the real Andrew Lloyd Weber.

You are.

The whole time.

I'm alibody told.

The whole time?

I knew it.

You're alibody Tony.

It's me, alibody Tony.

Jim, you are Andrew Lloyd Weber.

I am Andrew Lloyd Weber.

Who knew what a glorious unveiling of the truth.

I knew this whole cats prank couldn't be real.

He loves cats too much.

No, it is true that cats is a prank.

Oh, it is a Lloyd Weber?

It is a...

It, that is a prank.

The movie is a prank.

Judi Dench, is it you?

Incorrect.

How dare you?

♪ Come to the bed ♪ Judi Dench is here?

Hello.

Hello, sweetheart.

Listen, a cat is not a dog.

Cats are not dogs.

Guys, this is crazy.

I...

Hey everybody, I'm cat William.

So many...

Hi, it's me, Garfield.

So many, Garfield's here.

Yeah, I hate Mondays.

Oh, okay, that tracks.

Look, so many incredible revelations, but we are running out of time.

Did you, alimony Tony, did you come up with a different take on Halle Berry or?

No, I thought we...

Wait, you're talking like Andrew Lloyd Weber again.

You're addressing alibody Tony.

I'm answering for him.

Who?

How can you answer for him when I'm here to answer for you?

Wait, are we the two spider-men pointing at each other at the meme?

Hello everyone, I'm Prince Andrew.

I've been asked to leave the monarchy altogether, but I've just come here to visit for a while.

Pran-drew?

Pran-drew Lloyd Weber.

Does anyone know of an island resort that I could escape to?

I'm a devilish boy.

Elba?

Island Elba, the island of Elba, where Napoleon was deposited at the end of his route.

Able I was and I saw Elba paladrome.

All right. Well, we're running out of time.

We just have one final feature on the show.

That is a little something called plugs.

Oh, that was Mad Plugs by Malcolm Fister.

Andrew Lloyd Webber, what did you think of that?

Oh, yes. Hello. I'm Andrew Lloyd Webber.

This time to keep reintroducing yourself, although it has been very confusing.

Look, I'm getting used to it myself.

Would we say this episode of this program was a bigger mess than Cats? Unclear.

This is not the Cats of Comedy Bang Bang episodes.

This is a successful episode. The Cats of Comedy Bang Bang.

No, this is a good episode.

Do you truly consider this a success?

I believe this is more like the what's one of your movies that's been successful.

What are my movies? Oh, I'm sorry.

No, I'm talking to one of my movies that's been successful.

So a Jesus Christ superstar, perhaps.

School of Rock.

He didn't know he did the adaptation of School of Rock.

Oh, I guess I'm confused.

But it was a successful movie.

Successful enough to be adapted to Broadway.

That's a good point. Sunset Boulevard, then.

Evita was very successful.

Yeah, Evita, very successful.

All right. What do we plug in here, Moshe?

Obviously, you have I got Crowdsurfing, the all crowd work album with a twist, and it's available anywhere you stream stuff.

I'm also going to be at the DC improv January 30th through February the first.

Telluride, Colorado will be there Valentine's weekend at this fun Colorado Telluride comedy festival.

Are you doing that with your wife as you sometimes travel with her?

Yes. Telluride, DC, I'm on my own and Telluride, I am with my love.

And which do you prefer?

I will tell you that experientially I prefer vastly having my wife and child there with me on the road rather than grabbing dinner at the corner market at a courtyard Marriott and going up and watching Netflix.

Moshe, I couldn't agree more.

Whenever I travel, I love having a wife, a child with me.

They're so they're so comforting.

And wait a minute. Yeah, they're just there's just a warmth to them.

That feeds me. Where do you eat with them then?

Well, you go to restaurants. We have fun.

We have experience. You can go to a restaurant by yourself.

Yeah, but that's not as fun. We go find Tony somewhere.

We ask him, hey, what would this restaurant be if it was in the Flint, if it was in bedrock? Exactly.

McDonald's. Yeah.

Mcstonals? Mcstonals? Mcstonals.

I mean, Burger King. It's as good as a King.

Yeah. Yeah. Danny, no, that's Tony King.

Kentucky Fried Chicken.

Kentucky Fried chicken. From the Stony Curtis president.

So, yeah. Yeah.

May I just suggest Rock in the Box.

Rock in the Box? Very good.

Jack in the Rocks, though, I think would be Jack in the Rocks.

Jack in the Rocks is better.

I shouldn't be a lyricist.

Well, that's what you have Tim Rice for.

Love Tim Rice. Oh, so good.

All right. Well, Tim Rocks. Tim Rocks.

Tim Rocks. I was close, but you were faster.

Got to love Tim Rock.

Alimony Tony, what are you plugging here?

I just like to plug. What are people going to be hearing this?

Um, Monday, Monday.

It's Monday today. The last Monday in January.

Of course, the 27th of January.

Hey, please, if you're in a city, go see some live shows.

OK, just live entertainment.

That's awesome. Keep it alive.

Yeah, live. But are there any podcasts that you enjoy listening to?

No, really. Wasn't there something called The Neighborhood Listen?

Yeah, but that's not that's on Stitcher Premium.

OK, firstly, it's on Stitcher Premium.

Yeah. And you can hear that there.

It's a very funny podcast.

I don't like podcasts, but I do listen to it.

I think it's very funny.

I enjoy it, but I don't like podcasts.

Why is that? I don't know.

I think it's the word podcast.

I do listen to a bunch of them and I enjoy them thoroughly.

I don't like podcasts, though. Right.

OK. You don't like the term iPod broadcast, in other words, which is where podcast comes from.

That's correct. I like that even less. OK.

And Lord Weber, what are you plugging?

I have nothing imminent to plug.

OK, I want to plug.

Well, you know, the free episodes of Three of Them are out there on Thursdays.

That's Paul F. Tompkins and Lauren Lapkus and myself and those.

I don't like podcasts. I like listening to them.

That is a good one.

So check those out.

And of course, the Between Two Friends movie always out there.

Jim, any of those if you look to the skies, Jim?

Oh, no, guys, I just wanted to plug Jim.

Are you Andrew Lloyd Webber or were you just always yourself?

I can't remember.

One thing you must remember is a cat is not a dog.

I think that pretty much answers.

All right. It's not a dog.

I have a lot more upcoming stuff, by the way.

Moshe Kasher dot com. Go look. Go check those out.

All right. But we do need to close up the old.

Can I plug one James Bond film?

Oh yes, Judy. Skyfall.

What do you think about Idris Elba as James Bond?

He's a real punk.

OK, we're going to close it up.

But the votes have come in and it's evenly split.

People like both remixes that have been sent.

So I think we're just going to alternate them for right now.

So why don't we hear that Michael Hartigan remix?

Let's close up the old plug bag.

You start with a C when you want to close it up.

You lead with an L and then you oh.

Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.

Open up the plug bag. Open it up.

Plug bag. Take your hands and open it up.

Then Horatio comes in and he just says.

Been holding on my life, doing the things of paradise.

Been spending all my life, doing the things of paradise.

Open up the plug bag. Open it up.

Plug bag. Open it up.

The plug bag. Open it up.

Plug bag. Open up the plug bag.

Open up the plug bag.

Everybody wants to open up the plug bag.

Let's keep it fucking open up the plug.

Open up the plug. Open up the plug. Open it up.

Oh, so good.

That song is not a dog.

It's not a dog.

Guys, I want to thank you so much.

Moshe, it's always great to see you.

I really appreciate you coming by.

Continued success with your all of your endeavors.

Thank you for having me.

And Lord Andrew Lloyd Webber, so good to see you.

Wonderful to have you return.

You're one of our oldest friends here on the show.

I've enjoyed this visit somewhat more than other visits.

Even more than the movie, The Visit?

I love that film.

OK.

But I've enjoyed myself being here.

I just feel more pleasant.

That's a true Shyamalan, isn't it?

It's true. It's a it's a real I mean, Chameleon the Millionaire.

Chameleon. M. Night Chameleon.

What about the movie The Visitor with Richard Jenkins?

What about Nana Visitor, the actress of Zadrec Deepsmith's Nine?

That's correct.

What about Visini from Princess Bride?

What about Visini from Princess Bride, but in the Flintstones Bedrock?

Oh, what about Visini? Visini.

Jennifer Aniston. Visini.

You want to get the red out of your eye.

Go ahead and do a petrappa.

Just a petrappa to ya.

Alimony Tony, always good to see you.

Always good to see you.

Continue dropping by every episode to listen to the catchphrase admission.

I won't always come in, but I will always be outside that door listening to the controversy.

I love that. All right, we'll see you next time. Thanks.

Bye.
