♪ And that was the last time anyone heard about Little Morley's Invisible Bank Vault again.

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

Thank you, Shnickpot, for that catchphrase admission.

And welcome to Comedy Bang Bang, first episode of February of 2020.

And by the way, my name is Scott Aukerman.

Well, I'm the host of Comedy Bang Bang, which I am now dubbing.

I decided this the other night. Comedy Bang Bang is America's podcast.

I've decided.

I was watching Wheel of Fortune and they were calling it America's game show.

And then I remembered the Atlanta Braves were America's team.

And I thought, well, fuck it. Comedy Bang Bang is America's podcast.

So are you asking people in other countries to stop listening and unsubscribe?

Oh, no, no, no, please don't.

And please get the Squarespace and all that stuff here in Australia.

But this is truly America's podcast.

And I want to welcome you to it.

You need like a Sting or some sort of musical bed or Sting.

You need Sting and the Soul Cages.

You need Sting and some sort of musical bed about America's podcast.

America's podcast.

Like an eagle's cry.

I thought that was Sting.

No.

It doesn't sound like him.

Not too far off.

Fuck you, Sting.

Fuck you, Sting. Appearing here in town, by the way.

Oh, great. Let's go get him.

In a musical.

Let's go get him in a musical?

You know he's starring in a musical right now in L.A.

Yes, we have musicals.

Welcome to the show for this week and America's podcast, rather, I should say.

And you've heard his voice.

You know who my co-host today is.

You saw him in John Wick 3.

You saw him in, I'm trying to think of anything else on your filmography and I'm coming up short.

That's fine.

All right, John Wick 3.

Chapter 3, Parabellum.

Parabellum.

If that is the only credit people remember is my 90 seconds of screen time in John Wick, Chapter 3, Parabellum.

By the way, thrilled.

I hope that when you die, and I know you will die.

Oh, please.

I only hope that it's after you.

That by the time you die, Headstones have video technology.

They have that now here in town.

Really?

Where you can put basically, yeah, you can put basically an iPad screen.

So I hope you die right now.

Okay, interesting.

But I just want your 90 seconds of Parabellum to be on a loop.

Oh, yeah.

So if you went to my grave site, you would see TikTok, Mr.

Wick.

TikTok.

And it's just me going TikTok, TikTok on my own grave.

On your own grave.

Like what a, what a chilling thing to see.

What if they put it up on TikTok?

Oh, wow.

TikTok, TikTok.

Wait, are you the TikTok man from TikTok?

By the way, if they were smart, they would integrate this.

Oh my God.

TikTok man is now from the app TikTok.

And your grave.

Containment that actually brings up an important point.

If you want to see the continuing adventures of the TikTok man, tune in on TikTok to the TikTok man Chronicles.

You'd need your own spin off.

I know.

Well, that's what I'm trying to do with the ding ding man.

Oh, that's right.

The ding ding man from our Chicago show.

By the way, Jason Manzukas is here.

You know him.

Hello from the How Did This Get Made podcast as well.

Welcome back to the show.

Thrilled to be here.

When you die.

Yeah.

Would you, do you want to be buried?

I want to be cremated.

I believe because I want to every time I go to a grave, I guess they call them graveyard or funeral home or whatever.

I just think it's such a funeral home.

Not synonymous.

Those would be two different places.

Yeah.

What's the difference between them?

A graveyard?

What?

And a funeral home.

Well, meaning like, I mean, like let's dial in.

Let's dial in first on yard versus home.

I mean a forest lawn type of place, which you can't just call it a graveyard.

It's a cemetery.

That's the word I was looking for.

Oh, so you were looking for cemetery and instead found funeral home.

Yeah.

Where you go to the wait.

Yes.

Yeah.

But is it forced on the cemetery has a funeral home at it.

So that's where the confusion lied.

I let's not get into another argument that I'm going to win.

Okay, because the viewers have spoken pillow coffin.

This had the pillow coffin argument was decidedly in my favor.

But I look at those as a just a colossal waste of space.

I agree.

Oh, no.

Same with me.

Burn me up.

Let me up.

Scott.

Burn me up.

But I don't have a baby just to burn me down.

You hope that also that video screen will have the last credits from something about Mary.

Is that what it is?

Yes.

No, for real.

Burn me up.

Get rid of me.

Like I don't want to be in the earth.

I don't want people.

I don't want to be in an urn that people have to look at.

I don't want people to feel like well, if I want to reconnect with my old friend Jason who's passed away.

I got to go to a place where his body is currently decomposing the ground.

No, thank you.

Burn me up.

Let me be in everyone's memories like a little bit.

Here's what I want.

I want a final.

How did this get made show and I want a little bit of my ashes to be sprinkled in every audience member's mouth.

What do you want to do?

You just want Paul and June to be doing that or do you want your replacement to be hosting that one?

No, I mean like they can use my replacement.

Okay, so there's no morning period like the next episode.

You have a replacement.

Yeah, that's fine.

That's fine.

I think that's appropriate.

I think it's probably fine.

I want to be burned with you.

So whoever dies first, just hold on to the other one.

Yes.

Well, I'm not going to be burned with you, but here's what I will promise you.

I will wait until I'm ready to go.

I will keep you on ice Casey Kasem style.

Okay, above ground ready to rock and roll.

Casey Kasem style.

Do you mean his dog being on ice or what?

No, I mean his family didn't.

Oh, that's right.

Didn't bury him.

They kept his wife kept his new wife kept shuffling him around.

Jean case him certainly hers corpse shuffling his corpse around the world.

So his children couldn't get a hold of it in the case.

I'm chef and process it and he still recorded every week's episode of the top 40.

It's incredible his commitment.

Speaking of the top 40.

I wanted to bring this up because we you and I were in a conversation with a friend of ours before the show and he said his first CD that he bought was please Hammer don't hurt him.

Who is the pussy who I'm not talking about our friend, but who's the pussy who's saying that?

You know, what part of Hammers crew?

Oh, oh, oh, he's saying please hammer don't hurt him.

Yeah.

Yeah, who is this guy and and please Hammer this don't hurt him.

Please Hammer.

Wait, are you saying you want to be that guy?

Cuz this seems like an audition.

It kind of is.

Yeah, I'd like to see that story.

That's the meant to be the delivery of please.

Hammer don't hurt him.

So this guy's crying family.

He's got kids.

He's kind of my assumption is please hammer don't hurt him is a reference to like don't kill the audience too much by being so amazing.

That's what this guy thinks too.

Oh, so he's just weeping begging on his knees like John Turturro and Miller's Crossing.

That's not part of the movie, but interesting.

Part of Menace to society.

Anyway, I just wanted to bring that up any thoughts.

We've talked about the guy the Wipeout guy.

So it was in the same kind of sure universe.

I get it.

Yeah, you know the Wipeout guy we've talked about it many times.

What the guy laughing in the song Wipeout when at the surfers the one is like Wipeout.

He's laughing at the surfer.

That's how the song starts.

Do it.

Oh, you're trying to get me to do the drums.

No, thank you.

I'm not going to fall into your trap.

You ever want to be in the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame?

Do I know I think it's corrupt.

I think it's a corrupt organization.

Absolutely not.

So so I know Jan Wenner would never let me in the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame.

I know you haven't recorded anything at this point.

Yeah, I'm gonna told me Jan Wenner told me personally.

He's not charged anymore.

Jason, if you even try and make a Rock and Roll record, I know it will be Hall of Fame worthy.

So don't you even dare.

Do you think anyone would take it seriously if you or I made a record like a serious record like who are the comedians who have made serious music?

Well, Tim Hyde Ecker's put out a number of good actual like real music.

Yeah, they're real music.

You know, like I think he's also put out records that I think are overtly comedic.

Yeah, but I also think he's made his last record.

We talked to him with him on the show about that.

John Lejois has made a number of like real records.

As you know, I did not know that.

Your castmate on The Lee.

I'm trying to think of other comedians, comedic musicians who've made not joke albums.

I think that musicians can be comedians.

I think John Mayer is the prime example.

Like they can make the transition very easily.

I don't think they can make.

This is an interesting question.

Mike Mitchell on Doughboys has I've offered him $10,000 if he can write and get a song on Billboards, top 100 on top 100.

This was something he said he could do.

He said he could.

He said he could do it.

And I offered him I think $5,000 to do it and an extra five if he gets in the top 10.

Do you remember?

Okay, so that an extra five.

So five if he's in the top 100 another five of something like that.

I can't.

I'm not going to remember this.

Somebody else will remember exactly the specifics specifics, but I think you and I could put together a band and I think we could do it.

I think we would have to do it anonymously where we got other people to play us in the band or something like that.

You know, like for the video.

Yeah, you know, I know the alarm did that several years past their Prime.

They put out such a song that they knew would be good if people didn't know it was from the alarm.

So they call it because everybody has preconceived notions of the alarm exactly.

So they have an update.

They don't.

But they call themselves the poppy fields.

They got younger people to be in the video and it was a hit and then they revealed it.

No, where the alarm who what because I think the mistake week like I think the the move would be to actually engage very real musicians to help us.

Sure.

Not like other comedians not other comedians who can play music in other words.

No, we got to get the best studio musicians.

I want this to be like a steelie.

I want like John Bryan producing.

Oh, yeah.

Oh, I wanted it to be a steely.

I want it like yeah, give me Steve Gad on drums.

I want to be like a Keltner call.

Any million or twenty million dollar budget?

Well, somebody called Jim Keltner.

Someone call Celts got it guys got to call Keltner.

That's a t-shirt better call Keltner.

I think that we could do it.

This reminds me a little bit of our good friend Harris Whittles who was never impressed when he would see a juggler.

He'd always go.

Well, I could have done that if I had practiced as much as he did sure.

It's like yeah, I guess that's really where do you want to put your effort?

That's how I also feel about.

No, I decided to do other things.

That's how I also feel about close-up magic.

I'm or any magic.

Yeah, I'm like, okay, but to what end?

Yeah, we could have done this.

Yes, anybody can it's just putting in the time and we have other better stuff to do.

Yeah podcast.

Yeah, the podcast.

We are the close-up magicians of podcasts.

We are the pot.

We put in the podcast hours.

We did the 10,000 hours.

You don't get to be America's podcast without putting you don't get to be America's.

His favorite podcast co-host Jason Manzukas without putting in the hour.

You're glomming on to being America's favorite podcast co-host because your own podcast can't get America's podcast.

I'm just saying I am America's favorite podcast co-host.

Okay, I'll give it to you because I am a co-host in multiple instances on multiple shows and America has deemed those to be the best.

All right, or do you never guessed on shows?

You're just a co-host.

I'm yeah.

Oh, no.

No, I guessed on shows.

Yeah, like when I did the dough boys, I was a guest.

I didn't bring it the dough boys.

They're not America's podcast.

I just was thinking about him.

No, no, no, they well, they might look like America's podcast because they are overweight and physical disasters.

They are imploding.

Come on.

Do the what?

Nick is fine.

Have you seen Nick lately?

I guess I haven't.

Get a get an eyeball on Nick Weiger lately.

Jeez Louise.

I I'm kidding Weiger.

You look great.

I had many eyeballs on him.

I only say that because he says it on the podcast.

The writing room.

I would never I would never I would never.

No, I know that you're not a guy to make fun of people's weight on this episode.

You have another episode.

Yeah.

Also, you look great.

Okay, I'll take your word for it.

Jason.

It's great to see you anything coming up that we need to talk about or no, just really just excited to be hanging with my friend just hanging out.

I love that.

I mean, come on 2020 baby yesterday, of course was the Super Bowl and that climactic finish that is from the from the eyes to God's ears.

Listen, I'll be honest from every.

Minute of the overtime.

I was riveted.

I mean as many minutes as I could get at that overtime.

I was like bring more on.

Yeah.

Also, why was the Philly fanatic there?

You know, I think he just had tickets.

Would they bar him from appearing right?

Like if you want to look people go to football games of all sorts in.

What do you mean?

Wigs, you remember the John 3 16 guy who ended up I don't you don't remember the John 3 16 guy.

He he was directly behind the field goals and he held up a sign that said John 3 16 and he was very famous.

He wore a rainbow colored afro wig.

Okay, obviously, and so he was in all of these football games and remind you of the, you know, forgot to love the world.

He gave his only begotten son that who whomever should you know, whatever the fuck it is short and then he killed people.

I think oh for real for real.

Yeah, God's name.

Hopefully for like on the field.

That would have been great.

The perfect crime.

No one will know it's me.

No, I think I think he's a murderer or he is there's something going on.

He's in prison.

Huh?

I know I've seen a recent.

I mean, I wonder if that's worth your time.

Like would it make sense for you to get tickets for a football game just to hold up a sign that says comedy bang bang America's podcast.

Just like do it spread the word about the podcast.

I have a friend who go season tickets.

Maybe I have a friend who's going to the Super Bowl.

I should have glommed on to him and I mean comedy bang bang America's podcast.

Why not?

I wonder if they would let you hold up signs though nowadays or whether that was a thing of a bygone era from the 70s imagine sitting behind someone who's holding up a giant sign and has that giant rainbow afro.

Yeah, in any case my point is people come to these games in costume.

Could you come as the Philly Phinetic and have them go?

Yeah, come on in.

Yeah, because I'm just way I'm just wearing.

Yeah, exactly.

Maybe or is anything with a head on it.

Can I come as the Hamburglar like can I come as anybody?

You know, you see the Hamburglar, you know, I mean like if the next year Super Bowl, it's Jason Manzua if I show up as the Hamburglar and I get in you absolutely should be able to get in as the Philly Phinetic.

Yes, exactly.

I mean, yeah, and I believe I could gain access to a major sporting event dressed as the Hamburglar.

Okay, I'm going to put you to that.

I'm not going to give you the $10,000 challenge that you gave Mike Mitchell.

Oh, by the way, Mitch just like just not even try it.

Yeah.

Yeah, Mitch is not even has he got together at all?

Not at all.

Zero percent.

I don't think it would be that hard to get on to get in the top 100 especially if they just change the rules with it to where YouTube videos streaming YouTube videos count down.

So we can do this.

We do we already have a fan base.

We could do this way.

Like let's just let's record a song right now.

We'll do the we'll do it acapella and we'll put some music over engineer Brett's over here.

Okay, you just had all his guitar pedals stolen.

So this is maybe not the best time to actually ask him to do this.

But if we can crack Billboards top 100 will buy him new guitar pedals.

Place all of Brett's guitar if and only if and only if and if if we don't crack the Billboard top 100 you owe us pedal.

No, you can't replace those pedals.

Yeah, you can't play music anymore.

Yeah, you are banned from.

Music do we have a deal don't get on mic.

All right, so let's you and I just and whatever it is.

It has to be you have to put music over what we're going to do right now.

Yeah, because I don't want like acapella nonsense to be out in the world.

No, I'm not interested in in perpetuating the acapella bullshit.

Is there a phrase that is there a phrase we should title it and that we should make the chorus?

I don't know.

I mean something I mean, well, the other thing is why don't I was going to say this.

Why don't we say at the end of the podcast?

We're going to record the song based on the events of this podcast.

I don't know.

What exactly do you mean whatever happens in the podcast?

We will then record the song.

Yeah, at the end of this episode.

That's a nice little hook and we might have a little bit more specificity as to what we want to sing about.

Yeah, we can do that based on I mean, listen, I'm assuming it's just going to be you and I talking for the next two to three hours.

Oh, no, my friend.

I actually we do have some guests coming up and we should we should what about the old bro down hoedown?

What about that?

I'm sorry.

I'm just looking at 2020.

Will you commit?

We'll do a bro.

I have a solo coming up.

Fine.

I don't care and you won't sing during the bro down.

I will never sing during the bro down hoedown.

We will sing at the end of this show.

Yes.

All right, very good, but I will not sing during the bro down hoedown, but I will offer this.

I will talk extensively about what comic books were reading and liking.

Okay, no one cares.

People would like it.

Pete.

I will say three kind things about you.

Okay.

This is now tempting me to actually do a bro down hoedown because I don't think you've ever said three kind things about anyone let alone mixed into the other stuff.

Wait, it'll be like in code.

No, it'll be like no.

No, I have to face the sentences together.

I will mix in a nice things with my visceral vicious attacks.

All right, you should do this in real life.

Okay.

All right.

We do need to get where I moments ago said you looked great.

You did and your I think your Sarcasm and you are saying you're on my glitch.

It if it's on mic, it does not count.

You're a stone-cold hunk.

Oh, thank you.

And I want everybody to know it.

All right.

I don't believe you.

Let's get to her coming up a little later.

By the way.

We have a Cincinnati Playboy.

That's like, do you know what issue did they do regional Playboy?

That's my assumption.

You say a Cincinnati Playboy.

It's like a look at the national magazine.

We have 2002 in Cincinnati Playboy.

We have Cincinnati tens, which are I would imagine twos.

Whoa.

No knock on Cincinnati, but ladies of Cincinnati rise up.

Scott Aukerman says you are all twos.

Sorry.

He says all the tens are twos.

Wow.

Savage flex.

Look, we're Cincinnati when you're America's podcast.

You can have opinions about America.

Jesus Christ.

Here's what I'm going to say.

I think there are some real hotties in Cincinnati.

All right.

Are you passing through Cincinnati?

Come soon?

Nope.

That gross.

Oh, that gross.

Oh, city.

No way.

Well, coming up later.

We have the Cincinnati Playboy, but let's get to our first.

You're my co-host.

So let's get to our first guest.

What do you say?

I would love it.

He's an old friend of mine.

I love that.

I have an old friend on the show.

Terrific.

Do I know him?

I know a lot of your old dear friends.

You do not know this one.

I don't believe.

Please.

Welcome to the show Bullets Jackson.

Scott.

Hi Bullets.

I'm getting the band back together.

Whoa.

What?

We were just what?

We were just talking about not a music band.

So I was gonna say, were you guys in a band?

I didn't know you were ever in a band.

I was in a band.

One last job.

Okay.

Ooh, a heist.

Wait, you're we're doing one last job.

What's the job?

I told you.

One last job.

Scott.

Wait, when did you did?

You mean you told me to just seconds ago.

Me repeated myself.

I told you Scott.

We have one last job.

Scott.

Let's go.

Drop all this podcast shit.

Let's get out of here.

Okay, I can cover this.

I don't want to leave it to Jason.

I can cover this.

Can you just wait like an hour?

Bullets.

What's the likelihood that Scott will die on this job?

Scott is pretty hot.

Well, then I'm glad we had the conversation.

We had.

Yeah, I guess so.

Look, I what kind of job do you want to do?

I don't remember exactly.

What we use to do.

Last heist Scott.

Yeah.

What are we heisting?

I don't.

We're stealing Blue Boy.

Blue Boy.

What is Blue Boy?

Blue Boy is a famous painting at the Huntington Library Garden here in Pasadena.

Oh, so it's nearby.

It's pretty close.

Blue Boy.

That's right.

Scott.

How much it's worth.

It's priceless.

Well price.

Is it really priceless?

That's right, Scott.

They've been renovating it for over a year.

They've been renovating the painting.

That's right.

This is tempting.

Is that how you wait?

You renovate like you can see you've seen renovating painting renovations.

Remember that that Jesus one that came out?

Oh my God.

That was like a big smiley face like the Watchmen cover.

That's right.

Now Scott.

Are you ready to go?

I don't know.

I mean, couldn't we wait like an hour for traffic to die down?

I have gotten so much of the band back together and you're kind of the final piece.

Who else?

What do you got?

Well, it's a big it's a big bad.

Yeah, there's like 60s 67 of us 67 people that I'm gonna update you update you.

You've definitely got a leak.

Well, 67 members of the team without somebody be away either working for the police Scott.

You were telling the police.

No Scott.

You remember working with this team.

We were as tight as I don't recall exactly.

I mean, we're friends from you know, back in the day back in the day Scott.

Yeah crime days.

When was this?

How long do you guys know each other back in what day Scott?

I remember it was just yesterday.

Oh, it was yesterday.

Ah, what was I doing yesterday?

I don't know, but it was a long time ago.

Oh, but I remember it as if it was just yes guy.

Wow.

I got it.

Got it.

Well Scott was our distraction guy.

Yeah, I don't remember.

What did I do to describe people you'd walk it?

Okay, so we one time we robbed you remember when we robbed that bank Scott.

I remember being at a bank.

Okay, so Scott walks into the bank and he's doing a very funny old bad character.

Oh, and he's like I it's funnier when you're younger like I if I were to do it now it would be like oh look I'm five years older kind of not fun.

But when I'm younger, it was like it was hilarious.

Really?

Would you so the intent was to be hilarious.

So you're the distraction the diversion was comedy.

Co-op to comedy Scott is why exactly which is why you grabbed Scott Aukerman.

That's right.

We grabbed comedy Scott for the greatest distractions in history.

Scott.

I mean what I don't understand Scott why you're so confused.

This was your life Scott.

Well, I remember being at a bank and you guys saying like hey do your old man character.

Yeah, and then a series of interconnected events led to us walking out of that bank with a bunch of fucking buddy.

You guys got money from that.

Yeah Scott.

When did you give any to me?

Oh, were you not did you not come to the okay that that's all be because I get the details for the after heist.

Okay, so I do get the band together before by I forgot.

I'm supposed to after after I'm supposed to also get the band together after the heist and I think I might have left you off your email.

Really good at getting the band together before the heist team. That's really it looks like you show up and you go are you in or you out and then most of the time people drop what they're doing right away and come with me Scott.

I I'm in the middle of a show.

I can't really do that.

I didn't even know you got money.

I I don't profit from these and by the way, how do you split something priceless?

You were okay seven ways Scott.

I'm gonna interrupt for just a second.

Yeah.

It's like we all get we were seven priceless.

We were lunch.

Well, just the other day.

We were lunch just the other day.

I saw a pretty lady.

I don't know what to say.

You said you know what man?

I don't have any adventures anymore.

You were complaining about how yeah stayed and kind of on track your life has become do a podcast per week dinner with your ex-girlfriend.

Go to a meeting go to a meeting, you know, Papa pop.

Everything has become so regimented and you were like, I really just want a little bit of chaos in my life.

Yeah used to have to do drugs again.

Here is bullets Jackson off.

Oh opportunity.

Yeah, Scott.

I'm offering you the perfect opportunity.

This could be the highest.

You're playing the perfect crime it.

Well, Jason, hold on.

Let me think about it.

If you go there.

Okay, Jason.

I think it might be the perfect crime.

You hadn't thought about that.

I didn't I thought it was pretty good, but I just put all the pieces together.

The equation kind of equals the perfect crime.

What are what is the plan and what is my part of it?

Am I still the distraction?

Still the distraction guy, of course, and that's your skills.

What kind of what kind of character do I have to do now?

Well, that's up to you Scott.

Oh, really?

What do you think you might want to do?

Well, I can't do the old man.

Maybe I could do a baby though the reverse.

Well, you could do the old man now and not have to do any of the makeup or hair gray.

Well, now wait a minute.

What if I'm the guy who's talking to hammer you could be please have it in your heart looking through your heart.

Don't hurt him.

Okay, let me think this out for a second.

They hang up blue boy after a long restoration period.

There's a huge crowd of it.

When are they hang?

They hang their hang it up at 5 p.m.

So they've restored it after the renovation.

Yeah, they restored it.

They renovated restoration along with the renovation.

Then they renovated it.

So like what does that entail like doing the like the wood behind it?

Yeah, they put the they changed the wood.

They kind of just like dusted it a bit.

Yeah, that's kind of what they did.

So okay now they're now let's go through this now.

Now.

There's a bunch of people watching they put up old boy.

Okay.

Okay, and then blue boy or old boy.

I think it's all boy.

Oh boy the Korean movie.

It's some we're not stealing old boy.

Guys Scott.

I can't believe feeling the original old boy.

Are we stealing old boy?

No old boy is the code name for blue boy Scott.

Oh, of course.

You now remember the way we do things codes right slightly confusing code names.

Okay.

So so why are they putting up old boy at 5 p.m.

Putting up old boy not 9 a.m.

Well because that is when they close.

Oh, so they're having a big press event.

We're tomorrow tonight at 5 when they close.

So they're putting it up at 5 right now over this like the visuals should be being shown.

But yeah, right.

Yeah, when we're hearing this in VO, but we're seeing the crime in progress.

Exactly.

First of all, we've got a man at the ticket station.

He's going to be making sure you get in for free without might be the song by the way.

This is pretty good.

So you'll get in for free and not have to pay because we got a guy on the inside of the ticket.

And you'll walk into the museum.

We have to pay because of why we have a guy on the inside as a ticket ticket was a ticket.

He's one of 67.

I'll take your ticket exactly done.

And then Scott you're going to walk into the food courts.

Now.

This is a very important part of the plan bullets.

I'm going to stop you right there.

Okay.

Yeah, this is the Huntington Garden food court.

Yeah, they got you what do they got there?

Run it down for me.

They got coffee don't think they got bananas Orange Julius done. They don't got order Julius, but they have orange scones.

Is there a Sbarro?

No, there's not a sub.

You know, we maybe is that a food court.

There's no licensed restaurant there.

There's no licensed restaurants.

So yet less of a food court more of a snack bar exactly done but we got our Popeyes guy on the inside applying for an application to be inside the food court.

Who's the Popeyes guy?

He currently works at Popeyes.

He's one of 67 Scott.

He's our Popeyes guy.

Are there anyone who is two of 67?

No, it's not a twins are not involved.

No, the twins are dead.

You guys don't have twins.

The twins are dead to us because they didn't send us a Christmas card.

Oh, so anyways, the Popeyes.

We flashing back to the Christmas card deliberation right now. We can go back to the Christmas card.

Should we send him a Christmas card this year?

He'll probably be fine.

If we don't send it.

We're not going to get kicked out of the 69.

Don't don't don't don't pan up to the vents.

I'm in the vents looking down these motherfuckers.

I liked it better when they were 69 of us.

I gotta say we should get those twins back.

That's what I'm saying.

Okay, 69 with twins Scott.

If we could get old boy aka blue boy.

I'm sure we could attract the twins back and guys.

I'm not gonna lie.

Yeah, I bet we can get this class in on this.

That's who we're talking about those words to guys.

They say the lines all together at the same time done.

So here's Scott.

This is your part.

Okay, blue boys hanging on the wall of the snack bar.

No, we've actually now gone to the museum section of the library. Why did I go to the snack bar to talk to the Popeyes guy? I just talked to him.

Yeah, he's gonna slip you a razor blade.

Oh because they wouldn't have let me wouldn't let you win with the razor through the yeah, exactly.

Okay, and if it goes if so, that's in case the job goes wrong.

You can kill yourself exactly.

Do you put that in your mouth you buy it against it and then I would kill you by again.

No, no, this is this is the way it's hidden and with the grain and then if anyone catches you you swallow it you bite right you you chop right through your palate chop through your palate then you chew it up and just swallow it.

You bite your own tongue.

It takes you like a week for your stomach to disintegrate.

Yeah, damn right Scott.

You're starting to remember.

So anyways, you take that razor blade you put it in your mouth and you start heading to the museum.

Good song by the way, you take the razor blade and you put it in your mouth.

I also like the bass like sort of solos you guys have been at those are really good.

So anyways, blue boy gets put up on the wall Scott walks in and is his baby character.

Okay, right.

Wait, so did I walk into the museum?

You want my baby character or did I change after the food courts?

God damn it's good.

I didn't even think about a change.

All right.

So Scott, I'd love to do like three changes.

Okay.

Okay first change like Sherwood you jump right into the ladies bathroom Scott done why the ladies bathroom because you come out as an old woman.

And then a boy points blue boys right over there and then you go into the men's room and then change again and this time you come out as Jimmy Stewart.

Oh, hey there.

That's a ghost of Jimmy Stewart everybody run.

Mr.

Potter.

Mr.

Potter.

Run.

That's the ghost of Jimmy Stewart.

Then you go in should be more than go ahead.

Sorry.

No, no, go ahead.

And then we're everyone's scared.

Everyone's scared of the ghost of Jimmy Jimmy Stewart.

Yeah, I was a Jimmy Carter.

Oh, anyway, Jimmy Carter.

Hey, if you want to go back, he's still alive.

I did not have sexual relations with that woman done.

Done.

And now you pop into the actual that you hop into the bathroom that is gender-neutral.

Oh good.

And this time you pop out as the baby.

So your third costume change.

Are you satisfied?

Okay, I'm good.

Yeah, good with three.

And then they put the painting on the wall.

Whose baby is this Al Sharpton runs in?

He's one of 67.

Wait, Al Sharpton is part of the crew or someone playing out. Remember Scott?

Oh Sharpton himself is a part of the sharpens in the crew.

He's our media guy.

Our crew had a very big jumpsuit budget.

Yeah, there was so many jumpsuits and they were mostly his well, they were jumpsuits and tracksuits.

He called him jumpsuits because he jumped in him.

Yeah, he was a great guy exactly back in the day.

I loved him.

Yeah, any suit he wore.

He called it jumpsuits and he would just jump around go remember in sky.

Dun dun dun.

And then he looks at his baby is this and then everyone's like, I don't know whose baby this is.

I don't know what baby this is.

Wait a minute.

That's is that he's wearing blue.

Is that a blue boy?

So that's kind of funny because blue boys are part of we all in is to convince people the boy in the painting has come to life.

Yes, exactly like a purple Rose of Kairos.

Anyways, I know we're not supposed to talk about Woody.

But what is what he involved Scott?

He has been applied to be a part of the crew for a very long time.

And we want to be 70 we have respectfully said no he's canceled good.

He is canceled out of the crew.

So nobody Alan if anyone was wondering he is not a part of the crew.

Okay, so so I'm the baby come to life and everyone laughs you said everyone laughs but then they get scared again because they said the ghost of Jimmy Stewart a baby come to life.

Is this some sort of Ghostbusters situation?

Oh, right through the call answer the call and then so that people excited about a new Ghostbusters as respectful as they were about the last exactly they start talking about the new Ghostbusters.

It wouldn't ruin anyone's childhood.

They think this time it's going to be a little bit different.

They really like that.

It's centered on Egon for some reason and everyone just starts to slowly walk out in like a motion.

Yes, slow motion walk out.

So they're all doing that.

Yeah something about the about a ghost.

Let's see.

Can I just say can I just say that there's a little too much music going on?

No, really think this is over score.

I think it might be over score.

But really?

Yeah, I think it might be are we aren't we still in the montage?

We are in the montage for sure, but I'll do much chiller scoring when we're out of the montage in actual scene.

Okay, we need less cues.

Less cues.

Okay.

Got it.

All right.

So everyone think they're walking out the slow motion.

I think we could probably get like a slow tap because everyone's watching.

Oh now you want music.

So now wow.

Oh, just like a director.

Look, geez.

I'll be honest.

I am not there is a lot.

I'll be honest.

I'm not the director.

The director is what is it?

What kind of music do you want?

Sir?

Is William Friedkin still in the crew?

You don't know who that is.

He's a director.

Let me check.

Hold on Billy Freeds Billy, Billy Freeds, William from the is in the crew.

I don't actually know him but he is a part of he's a new add to the very famous director.

Maybe he's directing this one.

I mostly do HR.

You're a good internal complaints and you have no part of this.

No, no, no, no.

Do you guys do like a sexual harassment seminar before the whole heist starts?

Oh, yeah.

Well, I mean, there's a mandatory it's like a small business.

There's 67 of them.

Sure.

So I've done 69 sometimes but that kind of can be problematic.

You're going to be so close at 67.

You got to go for 69 even though that does encourage jokes that would probably exactly get people into HR trouble and I don't like to get people into HR trouble.

Yeah, we're criminals HR trouble.

So I'm assuming trouble stuff.

I'm assuming everyone backs up and then we're free to tear the painting down or just take it off the wall or what?

Oh, no, no, no, it's more complicated.

We got to bring in on time.

All right, so then our axe guy comes in axe guy.

Yeah, he's got actually body spray.

Yes.

He's got an axe body spray.

Okay, so he comes in sprays it everywhere.

No one wants to come back.

Yeah.

Oh everybody gets so turned.

Oh, no, they don't want to come in.

They don't want to come in but if they stay in they get turned on to want to fuck then they're distracted.

Yeah.

Okay, so the best of both worlds.

The best of both worlds.

Can we license this for the soundtrack?

Yes, this is great.

Put this in Van Halen put it in.

So now everyone's distracted.

Now.

We got to bring in our fingerprint guests fingerprint guy.

He comes in and wipes down all the fingerprints.

So there's no evidence.

Oh, so he's anti-fingerprint.

So it's more of like an anti-fingerprint guy.

So none of us are wearing gloves and we're just Cavalier about putting our fingerprints wherever we go.

So you've got a fingerprint guy.

We've got a fingerprint guy.

If you come in wearing gloves, they know you're trying to steal some well, I mean it is the winter though.

Did oh, wait a minute.

Dun dun dun.

All right, maybe we could get rid of this guy.

Skip this whole fingerprint cover-up and maybe just go to the chemical castration section.

Oh, what now?

Oh, yeah.

We all got to be chemically castrated before we temporarily temporarily.

Wait, you can temporarily chemically castrate yourself.

I'm assuming isn't there a antidote?

Isn't it?

You just got to top stop taking the pill.

Yeah, you just gotta stop taking the pill.

Oh, okay.

So we all take six six.

Are you familiar with give me that pill?

I have heard that.

I think the deal with them be, I think the deal with them be don't give me that pill.

Okay, got it.

You say give me that pill until you don't want it.

Then you say don't give me that pill.

Why are we all we need to be chemically castrated because of the Axe body spray.

No distractions turned on.

Okay.

What if how many times have you been on a heist and you fall in love?

Thank you happens a lot.

You know, you fucking fall in love with somebody who's there and you're like god damn it.

If I was not tuned into this frequency, I'd be able to steal so much better.

All right, true.

All right.

So the next part of the plan.

In heat, you have to be ready to walk away from a situation walk away at any point.

30 seconds at any point.

If you feel the police are coming around the corner.

That is incredible.

That's why I said Scott.

You should be running with me right now Scott.

Can't believe we're still doing a goddamn podcast.

So anyways, here's what happens in the montage.

We are ripping it off.

We are doing okay.

It's not like we're here.

Okay, you know what?

We're kind of doing like a dry run.

This is actually very helpful.

Yeah, it's helping you at least.

It's helping me figure it out.

Here's what I'll say.

We do need a glove guy.

When somebody animates this, it will go to Sundance.

Yeah, definitely.

Okay.

So what after we're chemically castrated all the very cool and like powerful smart sexy women come in.

This is why we had to get cable.

Can you guys are they part of the 69?

Oh, yeah, there's six of them.

Six out of the 69.

We call them the sexy six.

Okay.

I love this.

So they could first of all have their own branding.

They do but it is a nightmare for HR.

I will say I was the person who's doing those meetings and then I have to then introduce them as the sexy six.

I feel like to me.

I'm sort of anyways, we're back to the plan the sexy six coming and then they start slowly taking the painting off the wall.

How slow as slow as you can make that hi-hat.

Why are they're moving so slow everybody slow down and then you realize the paintings gone.

Everybody's gone and you just woke up because you've been drugged.

I'm by our drug guy.

So the drug guy has drugged you.

It's not 24 hours later, right?

Okay.

So the whole team once the painting gets got the whole team goes into a into a redream.

We're everybody gets everybody gets forced into a medically you get coma fully to a medical induced coma and what you remember of the crime is actually just a fragmented dream.

This is a total recall.

So exactly you get into a total recall scenario.

That's damn right.

So that when you're interrogated about it, you don't know what's going on thing.

It sounds like you just are remembering the plot of a movie.

This is brilliant.

So Scott, are you ready to go?

No, I still have about like another half-hour.

All right, maybe I could wear was yeah when we do need to go to a break.

Is that cool?

Yeah, get there, but I think we can get there by five hour.

Yeah, traffic's kind of bad at this point.

We just kind of skip the 134 if that's cool.

Like we'll go through Griffith Park probably.

Okay.

Yeah, I'll text the team.

All right, great.

Text the team.

Are you guys all on a WhatsApp?

We're on a big group me and we send a lot of memes to each other. It's funny as hell.

I gotta get on this.

All right.

We need to take a break when we come back.

We have the Cincinnati Playboy will be with us.

We'll be right back with more comedy.

Bang bang after this.

Dun dun dun.

Bum bum bum.

Comedy bang bang.

We are back here.

We have Jason Manzookas, the TikTok man, the TikTok man, the Hae-Nong man himself, the Hae-Nong manzookas.

Something people still scream at me whenever they see me.

I love it.

I don't get it as much as you but I am not famous.

We also have my old friend Bullets Jackson's here.

Who's willing to chill with us for a little chill.

Hey, Jason.

I do want to say.

Yeah.

We might be looking for a Hae-Nong man.

Interesting.

Well, I mean we might be interested Bullets.

We got rid of the the fingerprint guy.

So we don't need him.

We got a glove guy.

So I guess that takes the place of the 60s.

We actually did have a glove guy.

He was well, you already had a glove guy.

He was a decorative glove guy.

Now.

We'll just sort of double up double.

He's a glove anti fingerprint guy.

If you need me to be put up at all.

I just you know required to be put up with the sexy six.

Okay, put up.

What do you mean put up like in the same hotel room?

I do have to do a hotel allocation.

So let me put that in.

Is there a per diem?

Yeah.

I got a line producer of this kind of.

Yeah.

I mean if there was a live producer credit number am I on this?

Yeah.

What are we on the call sheet?

I gotta say with credits like the tick tock man.

I gotta put you up in like at least in the top five.

I would I would assume so.

Yeah, Al Sharpton is one.

Yeah, definitely.

And then I get it.

Yeah, two of the sexy six or two or three.

Oh wait.

So these are like two famous people in the sexy six.

Who do we got?

Well, any of the pussycat dolls?

Oh is Nicole Scherzinger in this?

Is Carmen Electra involved?

We have Nicole Scherzinger and who?

Wait who?

Nicole Scherzinger.

Scherzinger.

Scherzinger and Carmen.

Nicole Scherzinger.

I have Nicole Scherzinger and Carmen Gelectra.

Carmen Gelectra.

I'm going to be in so much trouble.

Nicole Scherzinger, Carmen Gelectra.

Listen, you have to put time into learning how to say people's names and it is uncool to just say it correctly like that.

I'm so sorry, but we don't have time.

We got to do this heist.

Yeah, but we do have time to get to our next guest.

Obviously.

Yes, maybe he look he's the aforementioned Cincinnati Playboy and I've been so excited to talk to him.

Please.

Welcome Antonio Lambrone.

It is great to be here all the way from Cincinnati Scott.

So good to meet you.

Is it Lambrone?

It is yeah Lambrone.

It is Lambrone.

It is third generation a hundred percent Greek.

Wow, I mean, I'm it's exciting to hear I'm also a Greek descent.

I am looking in a mirror Jason.

I have a friend Tim Kalpakis who is the Greek with the physique as he is Don himself.

Is that right?

That's what he said.

So it's great to meet another one.

No, he's in the birthday boys, right?

He is one of the birthday boys along with Mike Mitchell the aforementioned but neither members of America's podcast, but welcome to America's podcast and neither of them as far as I know are America's number America's favorite podcast co-host.

So you I thought you were number one, but now your favorite what did I say before number one?

I don't know.

Well, let's go back down to Dunce.

I think he said save.

Yeah, wait, so that was a flashback to us discussing this.

Yeah.

Yeah, because we cut it out.

But then we fly back to just the most relevant part, right?

Antonio.

So nice to meet you.

Yeah, great to be here.

You're from Cincinnati.

Is that true since he Cincinnati the naughty naughty the not I did not know the naughty nasty naughty baby.

What how did it how does it live up to that moniker?

As soon as the Sun Goes Down, it gets filthy outside.

Really?

You never been to the naughty.

I've never been to actually I don't think I've ever been to Cincinnati.

I've never been to Ohio proper.

Honestly, I have first time you've been to Ohio.

Yeah, but not to Cincinnati.

I've been to Cleveland.

Cleveland is pretty great.

You've been to the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame.

I can't can I can neither confirm nor deny that that's the case.

Your previous story is very fishy at this point.

I knowing you've been to Cleveland right now.

I cannot say whether I've been to the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame.

Okay.

All right.

So when the Sun Goes Down, so I would imagine during the winter it goes down earlier and earlier.

That's right.

There's more naughty time in the natty.

So right now that we're in the middle of winter is this Max naughty probably the naughtiest not Max naughty Natty Max naughty naughty nasty stuff happening on the filthy streets of the Maddie.

What are some of these filthy streets filthy streets typical streets like Jefferson Avenue, but it's filthy after dark.

Oh, it's nasty during the daytime totally innocent innocuous.

You'd never see hot dog carts, perhaps that's true.

Well, you definitely see signs pointing you to Skyline Chili.

Have you ever been to a Skyline Chili?

I am the heir to the Skyline Chili fortune you are.

Oh, okay Skyline Chili.

I don't know that chain is that is it mainly in Ohio.

There are some locations in Kentucky Indiana and Florida.

Okay, Kentucky, Indiana and Florida.

So remaining somewhat in the on the east and the south.

That's right.

But mainly there are over a hundred locations in over a hundred.

How many?

Wow over a hundred.

Yeah over a hundred.

So it's a chain less than 200 over a hundred.

This is something that dough boys could get it.

What are we less than 150?

I bet they have less than 150 over under.

Let's take some bets.

I'm a betting man because I have a trust fund.

Wow.

That's pretty impressive.

So let him you've got all that Hollywood money.

I'll bet you under you'll take the under.

Yeah, I'll take the under how much let's make it fun.

Let's make it exciting and naughty.

Yeah, what's fun.

What's fun and naughty to you?

I have a number in mind.

Do you want to do an over under on the number I have in mind who a double bet a parlay?

Yes.

All right.

I'll take the over on your number.

You take the under on my number.

Okay, great.

Okay.

What's your number?

My number is $20.

I've guessed it on the nose.

So how do we so it's a tie.

So what do we do?

It's so it's a push.

I take your money.

No, it's a push.

No, it's not a push.

It's a push.

That's why we do happen.

Jerry, it's a push.

It was a push.

Why would you say that?

Come on.

It's a push.

We were on a push.

It's a push.

What?

Okay, what's now?

We're all just doing 90s cadence.

I did the under on you.

Right.

And what is your number?

It's over.

I win that bet.

Well, how what is the number though?

A hundred and fifty-one.

Wow, man.

We we didn't push.

Can I ask you a question?

Yeah.

How much did Skyline Chili spend yesterday on that Super Bowl ad?

Because that was a huge crazy.

I missed it.

What exactly was the ad?

I did.

Okay, so it's Elon Musk orbiting the earth, but he's really doing it.

Oh, so it's not special effects.

It's not on a green screen.

Doesn't look like it at all.

Does it at one point he turned to the camera and say like, hey, by the way, I know you may think this is green screen, but it actually isn't or yep.

Cool.

Does he play his new EDM song that he just wrote?

He does.

Wow.

And Jeremy Renner's in it and he sings his song from a couple of months ago.

What?

Renner and Musk are together in a band.

Wow.

This sounds like our band.

We got a little competition.

Who do you think could quick more quickly have a number a top 100 top 100 Billboard Renner and Musk together or you and I?

No one would take Renner and Musk seriously.

Whereas we are our song is going to be really good.

I agree.

I goddamn I agree.

That's the difference.

I think between us and them is like we're we're legitimately going to be really good.

I think so.

You're going to hit the top of the charts.

Can I ask you a question Antonio?

Yeah.

Oh only because oh, no, sorry.

I was asking you about the commercial.

That's a very expensive commercial for only a hundred and fifteen.

That's not nothing to denigrate your accomplish means at your family's accomplishments, which is significant but like a lot of money for you know, not that many franchises you say a lot of money.

Yeah.

I think Jason did I was just saying that's a lot of money to spend on a Super Bowl ad.

So that must mean the look at look at that must mean you have access to a tremendous amount of just a notable cash like Skyline like my trust fund is so liquid really.

Oh, I dropped just what it for me is chump change on that Super Bowl commercial which I did Commission.

Whoa.

Yeah, I texted I texted Musk on what's up and then I sent a meme to Renner of himself dying and whatever that one movie was short, which movie did he die in spoiler alert?

He dies in that one, right?

Yeah, he doesn't all of them which he dies at the end of every movie.

He's in every at the end of every movie Jeremy Renner's characters.

I can't track you.

Oh, yeah, he demands it.

He demands it.

It's usually a post-credit see it's too engender.

So I've already gender sympathy.

But then if it's a sequel does the first scene have to be about how he came back to life?

No, no, no.

It just is Wow.

Prepare to call perpetual Renner.

Perpetual render.

This is a franchise.

Yeah perpetual Renner.

So I see your wheels turning right?

My mouth is watering.

You're telling me that you've got access to a lot of money if your mouth is watering.

It's probably about Skyline Chili.

Yeah, which is a bed of wet pasta never al dente topped with wet chili and then slightly wet store-bought shredded cheese.

So three wet things on top of each other a wet things.

It was just commingling.

Yeah.

Okay, you got wet pasta wet pasta.

Well, this was the whole theme of the commercial to yeah, we stay on brand by telling people in our commercials.

What is served at our restaurant?

Wait, I did see this commercial because wet because my wet it says Musk and Renner were like look we're two of the wet things.

Yep.

And then there was another celebrity who was it was the other celebrity in it.

It was also wet and they were like drenched.

Yeah, they were just like soaking wet.

They're like, well, you love three wet things like us who was the other celebrity?

If you love three wet things like us who was the other celebrity Scott was it?

I mean, I'm pretty sure I like I commissioned the commercial so I could tell you who it was.

Yeah, tell us it was wait.

Should we bet on this is a joke is an over-and-under?

Yeah, let's make it interesting.

Let's make it naughty.

I have a guess.

Is it Joe Pesci because he was one of the wet bandits in Home Alone.

Oh, that would be funny.

So close.

I took your money.

No Scott.

Was it Robin Williams the last thing he filmed before he passed away.

Unfortunately too soon.

So close.

No, I took your money Jason.

Was it let's see.

Oh, I want to get this right.

Was it Miss Piggy?

Wow, so close.

No, I took your money.

Those were all funny.

How are all of those closes?

You're all so close.

You're all the guesses were Miss Piggy Robin Williams and Joe Pesci Joe Pesci and we're all so close.

So it should be now been in comedy.

It should now be very obvious.

We should be sure it's obvious.

Like if we were playing four questions, you would have it by now.

God, I wish we were playing for questions.

We should play for questions at the end of this.

Okay.

It was Jim Gaffigan as Colonel Sanders.

That's right.

What a celebrity.

He was so wet.

He's double.

It's a double commercial because the KFC gets get wet.

It's like those KFC Taco Bells.

Make sense.

Get wet.

Get wet with Skyline Chili was the is the phrase right?

Get wet, stay wet, stay wet.

Stay wet Pony Boy.

Isn't that how the other spot ends?

We're talking pasta, wet pasta, wet pasta, wet chili, wet chili.

What was the third wet?

Wet store-bought shrotted cheese.

Where else are you going to get your cheese?

What are you going to make it yourself?

No, I think that's great.

No, because they make it in the store.

Right.

So when you go get cheese, it's always store-bought because you're buying it from the store.

Exactly.

Yeah, that's my point.

Well, that sounds delicious.

That's the specialty.

It's delicious.

Can I ask you a question?

Yeah, because a lot of times in like in term in like slang terms getting wet is to smoke PCP.

Oh, I had no idea.

I thought I thought you're going somewhere else with it.

No, no, no, I'm just so I didn't realize you were so fluent in PCP.

In that context, interests vis-a-vis having three your wheels are turning again about PCP.

We need a PCP guy.

Okay, this is your way in.

Listen, I listen.

We got to talk to us.

Sorry, Jason.

What were you saying?

I'm just asking like when you are a when you are at Skyline Chili asking for more things to get wet.

Yeah.

Are you are you asking are there locations that instead of serving you a hot piping bowl of Skyline Chili, they will instead sell you PCP?

Yes.

That's my guess.

Yeah.

Yes one one location of Skyline Chili in Ohio always has to have PCP to be sold.

If someone says let's get why is it is that rotating or is it's yeah, really?

You gotta know where it is.

Can I ask you a question?

Is that like that?

So it works like the in and out secret menu.

So you just have to know so if you go to Skyline Chili, that's so common to say let's get wet.

If you go to Skyline Chili, is it I rarely use it.

Burger King all the time.

You should just say let's get wet or make it wet.

Let's get wet.

Make it wet or I am here to be wet.

So any of those will get you the PCP.

Yeah, and you have a one in 151 chance of finding finding the right one.

Can I ask you a question?

You were implying earlier that Cincinnati is very horny and sexy.

No, I said it was naughty, nasty and it gets filthy when the sun goes down.

So you were talking about PCP.

I'm trying to figure out because if it's naughty and nasty and people are saying, let's get wet.

Maybe they didn't mean PCP.

Yeah, that's what my mind goes to when I hear let's get wet.

Well, that we're selling PCP.

By the way, fine.

That's fine.

This is the American dream.

That's fine.

We're we'll never get caught.

We'll never get caught because we keep shifting the locations.

Okay, but what if a cop comes in to locations of all of the Skyline Chili's the location of the PCP.

Let's get wet.

Make it how often does it travel every day?

Every day is a new location.

Sun goes down.

We load it into a naughty truck and we drive it to another location.

Okay, I like that.

So what if a cop happens to be there and say let's get wet at the location where the PCP is you'd get caught then.

I have a different question.

Okay, and it's this so at night when the naughty truck is traveling between franchises.

What's the net value of the PCP that's on that truck?

That's a great idea.

Perfect opportunity for us to get an over undergoing.

Yeah.

Oh, okay.

Great and and give us the route as well.

Yeah, I'm gonna we're not gonna plan anything and maybe the name of the driver and the school his son goes to.

Yeah, you guys you guys are you guys are you I'm sorry bullets.

Are you bringing children into our oh, yeah, our kids fair game.

We've got him.

We've got a daycare.

Look, he's an HR.

I'm in HR.

We got a daycare guy.

We're gonna be dealing with this the truck driver.

We've got to take care of his kids.

That is part of our business model.

Okay, you mean take care of the kids though.

You don't mean take care of the kids.

You're not talking about taking care of the oh, it is your voice got considerably lower.

So much more sinister daycare guy murders the kid.

No, you've heard of a cleaner in a job like yeah, you're gonna use you got a daycare like Mr. Wolf.

Yeah, it's exact Scott Wolf.

I'd say scarred EFI party of five exactly all party of quote 5 569 now that route you were saying.

Yeah.

Oh, let's do the over under also.

I love that.

We've not yet broached that.

He's a playboy.

I'm just look at him goes without saying look at my outfit.

Look at his outfit.

I look at what his hands on the yachty daddy is.

Yeah.

Oh, it's like silk bathrobe silk pajamas.

Full boner and he's just hard you try not being hard wearing this silk out.

I'll tell you the capillaries in my in my penis are just bursting.

Yeah, interesting.

I mean when you have a boner, it's filled with blood.

That's gross, right?

Yeah.

I mean, it's just for like it's so so much so much more of the mass of the boner is full of blood.

There is any come hold on. You just poked the boner blood would just like hold on.

Hold on.

What the what are you guys talking about?

We're talking about boners how much blood fill up boners.

It's not bone in there.

No, oh my God bullets.

Wait, what now you have a strange look in your eye Dun Dun Dun.

Wait, what do you mean?

What's going on with my pete?

It's done.

I head to the doctor.

Hey Doc, my friends are telling me that penises are filled with blood and we can do it.

An MRI if you'd like.

Yeah, please.

Let's do it.

M.R.I.

Bullets.

We got the results of your MRI done.

Time has passed.

Give it to me straight doctor.

It's not good.

You have at best one last heist in you and then the bone in your penis is going to kill you.

You've got penile bone cancer.

Oh shit.

One last heist.

Well, I guess it's time to go out like my dick.

Time is a rock.

You'll probably want to get it.

That was a flashback after we told you that you're the one that's you're the one that started singing which initiates a flashback.

I was oddly there for the entire flashback.

I saw it all go down.

I know you were there in the corner of the entire time.

I know.

Well that it just explains my motives of course for wanting to do one last heist with my family.

Yeah, I guess it does.

I guess it does.

Wait, let's do this over and under.

Yeah, I'm gonna see Pete truck.

I'm gonna say one million dollars worth of PCP.

Okay.

No.

Fuck.

This guy's good.

This is so hard to win.

Exactly.

We didn't we don't win.

We haven't set a number to go over or under.

Yeah, that's on you.

That's on you.

Are you saying one million is is the whatever is the over?

That's what he was saying.

It's that's the over under.

Okay, since we know it's a good.

So we all just say over or under exactly.

You have to come up with a number over or under or do we just say no, we just know it's a lot easier to win this way.

Yeah.

All right.

I'm gonna say over 69 million dollars.

Whoa.

Oh my God.

So naughty.

I'm gonna go under and you might like that 69 cents less than one million dollars.

Dang.

So naughty.

Well, you got Jason sometimes the Cincinnati accent overlaps with Australian.

If I say the word so out of or the word yachty lot of Australians came over to Cincinnati.

So that's they were the first settlers.

Yeah.

Jason.

What do you got over under settlers of the natty settlers of the natty Australian settlers of the naughty great news spin off of settlers of Catawba.

I was just gonna say I love that board game, but you're just trying to like harvest chili products ingredients.

Sorry.

But you'll be proud.

What do you got Jason is I'm gonna say over.

I'm gonna say if you owe million dollars to unders.

I mean normally when you're laying odds on bets and you're doing you want to do unders no, no, no overs one overs one under what I'm saying is usually you want to get a tie you want as many people to bet over as as bet under.

Well, I say I'll also bet under.

Okay, so he's got both.

All right, I'll do two overs.

Damn it.

I'll do two unders.

You're all wrong.

I take your money.

It's a clean push.

It was a million dollars.

One million dollars of PCP on the niche.

I said it wasn't a million.

Motherfucker.

I'm still good.

Okay.

Look, we got to take a break.

We do.

Yes, we do.

We have shocked to hear that Scott.

We have to take a break.

But look, this song is still coming up.

Apparently, we're going to record at the end.

We'll see and this heist.

Can you put off the heist for like another 20 minutes?

I kind of want to hear about this guy's horny adventure.

Yeah, that's what I really enjoy.

Okay, me.

I haven't heard one horny thing.

This guy's just out there plowing.

What's gone.

Aukerman says is a bunch of twos.

I want to hear it all.

I having never left Cincinnati all I plow are tens, but apparently they're naughty natty tens.

You you're late.

You know what you're living in what Scott Aukerman calls a 10 to 10 world.

There's tens when you're there twos when you leave and then there's tens when you get back home.

That's right.

All right.

We speaking of 10 to 2 we need to go to a break.

Let's go right now.

We'll be right back with the comedy.

Bang bang after this.

Comedy bang bang.

We're back here.

Jason Manzookas the dink dink man.

Oh, yeah.

What if where's tick-tock from China or yes from check out the app.

Yeah.

Oh, I don't know.

Okay.

I've never looked at tick-tock.

You've never looked at it.

No get in there.

Okay, you're the tick-tock man.

I think you might like it.

You got to be the face of this app.

All right, tell him to call me.

Okay, tick-tock call, but it's from China.

I think it's yeah, no, thanks coronavirus.

Oh, come on now.

I'm not going to log on to tick-tock if it's from China.

It might have the coronavirus.

It's not a computer virus.

It's like I need to do a HR presentation in here because that is just not right.

Yeah, I don't know how it's transmitted.

It's not digitally.

I could tell you that can you say for sure although it might be digitally if it's you know, what you know, I'm saying what do you mean?

I was I was gesturing with two of my two fingers and a thumb with the thumb doing the comedy gun.

Oh, yeah, that's pretty sexy.

All right.

We also have bullets Jackson over here Scott.

We do have to reschedule the what happened?

Well a couple of the accountants asked for the day off and I sort of missed the D.

I missed the email, but they are there are they're actually off. Oh, we got to do it out of day that every one of the is so the accounts do what they count the money or they sort of allocate after we've sold it.

Doesn't like it down the road.

Here's what I'm going to do taxes and stuff seems like it's a huge amount every time you do a heist.

It's an immense amount of build-up.

Yeah, it's a big why not have an infrastructure in place?

Why not like maybe go on Shark Tank?

See if you can't get outside money to build like a consistent.

Oh my God, if we could build up our back end infrastructure with maybe some digital help I'd be by bar cubit.

That would be amazing.

Then we wouldn't have to constantly move the hideout so we could have just a home base that was just right there.

I would love to throw some seed money at this project.

Whoa.

Hey Antonio Lamborghini money that's covered with your seat.

Absolutely.

Okay.

Oh dear.

I don't know how you do things outside of Cincinnati.

No, Scott calls them come bucks Scott.

I would love to make it rain with come box all over this project.

Oh, dear the Cincinnati Playboy himself Antonio.

Let's talk about some of your although I guess we're just segue from something gross into something gross.

But why do they call you the Cincinnati Playboy?

Probably because I'm raining come box all over the naughty naughty.

All right.

No, no, I walked into that one and you held my hand into it.

I'm a playboy because I'm a trust fund baby.

I spread my money all over the naughty naughty.

I invite you all to my suite of the Cincinnati bungles game next season.

This is a little bit of a bungalows that he bunk holes bungle, bungle, bungle.

Get your mind out of the bungle Scott.

So the bangle game.

Yeah bangle game.

Are they good?

Yeah, they're always perpetually like nine and selling.

Okay, so they're not so that's average.

Yeah, they're naughty.

Look at their uniforms.

They got those cool helmets with the big swirl.

So that's what it's about for you.

The whole it's all about helmets by so you love the safety aspect of the game.

Oh shit.

Wait, I should have said they got those cool helmets.

They're very safe and protect the players brains.

But barely I think what we're led to believe now is but that's apparently what you you're criticizing me for talking about the design.

Scott.

He's the guest.

I know he's there.

I'm just trying to I'm just trying to figure out like what what we're mad at is that when it comes to the foot of the game of football.

Yeah, let's talk about conflict management.

I'm not okay when I watch a football game.

I don't immediately say often do you look at those pads?

Let me take an let me take a stab at de-escalating this.

Okay, Scott.

Shut the fuck up.

Okay.

No, no, no, that's not actually that's not gonna work.

I gotta get you involved.

I gotta get a good.

I'm kidding.

Are you trying to file a formal complaint?

I want to file a formal.

Yeah.

All right.

Listen, so does this mean I'm part of the team with Lambro here Lambro gets it.

I'm with my Greek brother Lambro go.

So it's Greeks against everyone else.

You guys in this case.

Yes, you guys do have a lot in common.

I sort of feel like you're sort of one of the same kind of oh, yeah, this is a booking mistake to book you both.

There's there a little too much Greek Tusk Tusk.

Yeah, a little too much.

Sadziki for you Scott.

Ooh, give you those come bucks covered in Greek Sadziki.

Have we roasted too many eggplants and smush them up and force you to dip.

Okay, you don't sound like you know anything about Greek.

Yes, God.

What do you want?

You tell you want to come over and snack on our moussaka.

Okay, this guy gets it now.

I'm not sure about you and Jody.

Are you actually Greek?

Are you kidding?

I've got tell me one other Greek thing souffle.

Okey.

Yeah.

Come at me bro.

All right, and I serve it.

Let me bro.

I serve it.

So what I just think that you may have gotten that from having a Greek girlfriend or something.

I definitely have a Greek girlfriend.

She's a 10 in my book and the happy.

Give me some plates to smash.

Hey Jason and Antonio come on.

I offer you guys some pills.

Absolutely.

Take these pills.

Are these chemical castration pills bullets might make the back half of the show a little more easy.

Just got to feel like it's a temporary solution to maybe calm down some of the fucking freaky ass energy in here.

Okay, fine.

Give me that pill.

Here you go.

I'll do anything to push down the silk.

There we go.

All right, they're taking the dope.

It's just sometimes in a high situation or high pressure situation.

We've got to tamp down.

Let's de-escalate.

Let's chemically castrate ourselves.

Thank you.

I took the pill to bullets.

You took one as well.

We're all right.

We're all like fucking chill now.

Well, chill out totally no heist today.

We could all know.

Yeah, we could be castrate ourselves today.

No heist to worry about.

Are you sure that was the pill to chemically castrate you because yeah, I now have a boner.

Hold on.

Let me that is bloody to I have a boner that is weeping blood out of the hole.

Okay.

What do you do?

Did you mix up the pills?

Come on bullets.

I feel like this boner is going to last for hours.

That's like a bull stimulant that built did that say blue chew on it.

He's a sponsor by the way, a sponsor.

Oh, is this a for him?

Oh, this might be a for him blue juice.

It's my God.

I am growing hair and my burner has never been harder.

You gave us a hymns.

Okay, we're Greek.

We're so hairy already.

You gotta report your cell or my goddamn cell HR department report thyself Lambro over here.

Looks like a cousin.

It you guys look like two sex Wolverines.

Jason always looks that way.

That's true.

Oh shit, but I fucked up snicked.

Oh, that is that what I wanted to see boners come out of its hands.

Nicked.

I feel like it's full moon a full moon in winter in Cincinnati right now.

What's better than Edward Peters hands the sex Wolverines snicked.

Oh, wait a minute Scott squirt.

Okay, you're getting a text.

The heist is back on.

Whoa, dang.

And now we got to do it with full boners.

Oh, man.

There's always one complication Scott, but that's what keeps it fun.

It is what keeps it fun keeps a little bit of drama in these types of things.

All right.

Well, should we recruit these guys for it?

Yeah, we need great.

We can be brothers.

We can be the Greek brothers the Greeks.

I love it.

We'll be the twins.

Yeah, you have twins.

We believe it's a Wolverine twins.

You guys will be the twins.

Perfect.

So what you'll do is cars your sorry.

Sorry.

I gotta call Jay.

How dare you?

I'm sorry.

Randy.

You guys seem to be doing fine.

These guys need this the Greeks.

Okay.

So here's what will happen.

All right.

We'll get into the museum room.

They're about to put a blue boy.

But this time instead of a blue boy coming in.

It's too horny Greek guys up.

Wait there instead of the painting.

No, no, no, no, the boat.

You still go in Greek music to the paintings about to go up the distraction starts to greet guys and they come in and they're rock hard.

Dee dee dee dee dee dee dee dee dee dee dee dee dee dee dee dee I've never been harder attention everyone in the room.

My brother is too hard.

All the reporters turned to the right.

Is that Jason Manzukas from John Wick 3 Parabellum chapter Parabellum with blood pouring out of the end of his erect penis photos are being taken photos.

Being taken and then the glove guy comes in here is everybody sort of plastic gloves.

He has about one by one and you have to sign for the gloves.

So we weren't wearing them when we walked in.

No, no, no, the whole winter.

Oh, the glove guy just replaces the fingerprints guy.

Yes, but it's better because you can you reuse the gloves.

Yeah, boy.

I don't know about the whole point of getting rid of the fingerprints are the Greeks going to be a good horny distraction or do we need to figure something else out?

Oh, no, we're very horny.

Old man ready.

Ready guys pass it out gloves one by one.

I'll take a sign and four people are signing for me.

Can I think of the glove guy?

Howie Mandel the glove guys have been there.

He's never for the customer for a while and you're solid five.

You're a solid five.

I'll take it.

You're right behind Mandel baby.

I'll take it by the way.

So anyways, the glove guy comes in and then they all of a sudden everyone's cameras are gone.

And then they're like, where are cameras going?

And then David Blaine says and that's the prestige Lane.

He's six on the call sheet.

I did wait.

Are you telling me DB is in on this BB heist?

Well, you gotta have a magician in on the heist.

Wait, was he DB Cooper?

You damn right.

He was oh man.

That's all coming together.

And then of course Simone Biles comes in to a backflip.

She flips her way in.

That's great.

Okay, flip it around flip it around flip it around.

This is just for a step.

This is just for a static.

She's flipping around everyone's like oh, she's you're a fan cuz I threw it just cuz I'm a fan.

So then some old Biles comes she does much flipping and then all of a sudden everyone's cameras are gone.

They look down.

They see the two freak the Greek guys.

You guys need to be having sex with each other at this point.

Cool.

Is that going to be a problem?

Not a problem at all.

And then everyone looks up at the blue boy and then instead of the painting hanging from the wall is a baby in a blue costume.

And that baby host of America's podcast.

Yes, got off to number eight on the call.

Gee, the detectives don't know what to do.

They take the baby and they drop them off at a fire station because they're like, I don't know whose baby this is distracts the fireman and the fireman don't know what to do.

Oh, yeah.

So the firemen are all distracted.

You could steal City Hall.

Whoa, is that part of the plan?

Yeah, that's also part of the whole priceless to the whole thing is to set up to the firemen are distracted so you could steal City Hall.

Whoa, we give the painting back.

Is that the second movie?

The painting is a fucking red herring.

Blue boy red herring old boy.

The clues were there the whole time the whole time and then the sequel starts.

Of course.

We're casing this fucking well Renner has to die first Renner has to die.

So we do a post-credits scene.

Yep, and then someone walks in and they're like just summarily executes Jeremy.

Yeah, he's on the ground hands tied behind his back.

He's he's he was at the the the the music at the museum, but everyone's now gone.

The museum is closed and they kept Renner.

Is it like to render it's like night of the museum.

Say it's like a museum franchise.

We're going to see if I stay in long enough in this museum.

I will become a part of a night at the museum movie, but instead he summarily executed and the camera pans up to the front of blood but from the blood for a little bit pouring out of his penis and it pans up to the to the to the gun and then it pans up to his arms and then to his shoulder.

Whoa, it probably stops there, right?

No, no, no, it keeps going to the face.

What the face who is wearing a mask though?

Who is this?

Do we do an over under?

Yeah, we should do it over under everything.

It was over or under who it is.

Yeah, let's see.

How does that work?

Now give you a clue.

Say it's over who it is.

I'll give you a clue.

They're wearing a Richard Dixie mask.

Okay over under Alan Alda.

I was gonna say that is that's crazy.

All right.

Wow.

I literally was oh, wow.

I don't know why that's just you and I should be the sex weirded me up.

I have something to tell you.

You nailed it.

It's Alan Alda all does in the mix all the kills Renner at the end of the movie.

Fuck.

Yeah, Renner's dead.

Doo doo doo doo doo to the Curtis Mayfield song ready instead.

That's what I said and then Alan Alda delivers the final line of what is the highest.

And all music stops all the music and Alan Alda says Well, it looks like this was a pretty good heist.

Hmm.

Don't all right.

We might be we might want to get a bunch of crew.

We might want to pitch on.

All right, maybe text the punch-up guys.

We got a couple punch-up guys.

So far.

That was a sort of Scott.

Do you want to do some punch-up?

I mean, maybe you do a mash thing where he's like, oh your head was just mashed.

Yeah, I was thinking mash, but then I was like how much okay.

All right.

Yeah, you're right mashed.

Maybe something like that or it could or could just be about Renner himself.

He should say game set mashed.

That's what it yeah, that's good.

Okay.

Wasn't that hard?

This heist is pretty good.

This is gonna go bad.

I don't think he should we're doing it.

I think he should kill him.

I think you should kill Renner toss a potato in the air and say I prefer my potatoes mashed.

Ah, so kill Renner.

Yeah, fuck potato.

Yep, and Mary Ellen Alder.

Yes.

Okay.

Wow.

I think we nailed this.

Wow figured it out and it was all figured it out.

We figured it out.

It's all with the help figured it out to do to do with the pencil and a pad.

We figured it out.

But do but do here's okay.

Now I'm going to have an update for the audience.

Okay.

Oh, are you doing update now?

Here's the deal.

We don't have America's podcast.

We don't have we do update in the middle.

We don't have to sing the song now at the end of the show because we've sung every component part and it's up to you the audience at home to assemble it into a song.

There's a lot of shouting over it, but who cares?

That might be fun.

Besides we already had people remixing some glorious singing which we're about to get to.

Well, what if what if really quick?

We just got a bunch of wild lines that they could possibly use in the song.

Oh, yeah.

Okay.

I love this.

Let's go around the horn.

All right, I'll start I'll start.

What the hell was that?

Oh, man, I got a family to support.

I cheesed my jeans.

Oops, sorry.

There's more to that.

Yeah, that out.

I cheese my jeans filled them up with that hot.

So Ziki.

Okay, great.

Antonio time to execute Jeremy Renner.

And then maybe just a come books.

Come books.

I feel like we've got the car.

We have all of the ingredients to get a top 10 hit in here, but we are running out of time guys and I was hyping it up.

Well, Jason, this is going to be your first time hearing I believe the closing of the plug bag.

Oh, I really wish after plug so so we're going to get to that but before we just retire the concept of a plugs theme.

No, why would we do that before we get to that?

Of course, we have to open it up.

Let's open up the old plug bag.

Is it short?

Yes.

Wow.

That was plugs in my memory by grundl stiltskin.

Thank you to grundl stiltskin.

All right.

What do we plug in J-dog?

What do you got?

Um, I mean you mentioned it earlier the how did this get made podcast also here on the earwolf Network John wick chapter three parabellum is available.

Are you filming chapter four yet or what?

I don't think it has been written yet or it is in the process of being written.

So we'll see.

I'm just going to start shooting stuff on my own.

Okay, good.

See if I can cut it into the app and then let's see the good place just wrapped up great final season that I was in a handful of episodes done already.

So I really am enjoying the new Francis Quinlan record from hopalong and the new Destroyer record both of which I think are fantastic.

Very good.

I'm going to plug those for now.

Very good.

All right, let's head over to Antonio.

What do you plug in here?

I guess I'll plug season one of righteous gemstones.

Oh, okay.

That was a good show.

I enjoyed that.

Yeah, watch that show on HBO.

Yeah, you can watch it on the HBO go or HBO now certainly and HBO Max when it comes out.

Yeah, or if you're in a hotel room and they have HBO and it just happens to be playing watch that instead of porn.

That's right.

Or hey jock off to righteous jumpstart.

Why not?

There's a lot of J.

Oh material in that.

All right bullets.

What do you got?

Blue chew blue chew definitely, but they may be a sponsor.

They might who knows but yeah, that's pretty much it.

I got nothing really just blue.

So wait, you're you're like the blue chew sales rep.

Yeah, that how this happened.

That is part of my job at in the organization as well.

So this is how we got mixed up with chemical castration pills.

I'm sorry Scott.

Ah, I got nothing to plug but hey if you want to watch the comedy big big show on Netflix is still there.

I guess.

Oh, thanks.

So I love it coming from a guy who was never on it.

That's never audit me the guy who is part of your old old friends.

Yeah, apparently I didn't think enough of you to ever have on the show, but you're not an actor.

You're a heist guy.

I'm a heist guy could have been there could have stole the camera.

No, we don't want that.

We don't want that.

That's not something you do.

I hey look between two friends.

The movie is always on Netflix.

You can check that out.

All right, let's get to it.

This is the this is the Michael Hartigan remix of the closing up the plug bag theme.

Here we go.

Let's close up the old plug bag.

You start with a C when you want to close it up you lead with an L and then you oh oh bring up the plug bag open up the plug bag take your hand and open it up then a ratio comes in and he just says open up the plug bag open up the plug bag everybody wants to open up the plug bag just keep it fucking open up the plug open up the plug open it up that song is about opening up the plug bag.

Yeah, it always is.

But you know what?

We made a mistake.

That's not the hard again remix.

That's your time.

I have to listen to another one right now.

That one was the shorter one.

I want you to hear the long that's the shorter one.

I almost successfully killed my wait, you want a chemical chemical gas.

Holy shit.

Oh God.

No, don't open it up.

Close it forever.

Don't then a ratio comes in and he just says what?

Why is this part of it?

Oh, this is awful.

Shame on everyone involved.

Make it stop.

Can you make it stop?

Just push a button.

I'm looking right at you push the button.

Fred.

He doesn't have his pedals.

Push the button.

He doesn't have his pedals.

Push the button.

Ah, Jesus Christ.

So good.

I don't know which one's better.

The giver.

I feel like that's the Jason Manzooka's remix.

I'm permanently a part of this.

Maybe we'll play that.

Please don't cycle that into the next part of this.

Well, you're inexorably part of it.

Unfortunately guys.

I want to thank you so much.

Jason.

Always great to see you.

What a delight.

Please come back for one more episode.

At least I would love to.

Okay, great.

And saying that because you said you're going to finish it.

Nope, forget it.

Oh, that was a pre.

That was sorry.

This was in our please hammer.

Don't hurt him conversation.

Remember how I was like that record makes me think I should end the podcast.

I should wrap this up.

Antonio.

Great to meet you.

I mean, you're just you're naughty.

You're nasty.

You're all of the above from Natty.

You're certainly from that.

Definitely.

None can just be that stay wet.

Scott.

Do you want PCP for me?

I don't have any.

Let's get wet.

Be wet.

Stay wet.

None of what you're saying right now is going to trigger the PCP order.

All right.

I took my chance.

Okay, and bullets you ready to do this?

You damn right Scott.

All right.

You ready to do this?

Danana net net net net net net net.

I want you to take a look around because you might be noticing something is missing.

Let's see.

Well, I got microphones.

Jason's wearing pants.

You're wearing your hat your stovepipe.

It's like a half stovepipe though.

Yeah, where's half pipe?

Where's the Cincinnati Playboy Scott?

He's gone.

I'll see you on our next adventure Scott.

Wait, he replaced me?

Continued.

All right.

We'll see you next time.

Thanks.

Bye.

Heroes.

you Thank you.
