♪ Comedy Bang Bang ♪ It might sound corny, but me so horny, so no need to warn me if you want a forny.

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

You just made that up?

I did not make it up.

As a matter of fact, Tough Shit Elliott made it up.

Possibly and sent it in to us.

And thanks to Tough Shit Elliott for that catchphrase submission.

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang for another week.

Coming up on the show, we have this is incredible.

We have someone who works in a gymnasium.

That's going to be very, very exciting.

And also we have our old buddy.

He's been on the show so many times and he has a new movie that's coming out this Friday.

All about the Olympics.

Nick Kroll is going to be here, and I thought he would be here at the top of the show, but he is running a little bit late.

And so he will be joining us at a certain point.

And I do want to say this is the second week.

But welcome to America's podcast.

And it feels so good to have all of America rally around this podcast over the past seven days and say, yes, we are America's podcast.

And I really appreciate everyone accepting the mantle that I've chosen for it and that really has been thrust upon it.

I really appreciate everyone embracing that.

So tell everyone about it.

Any American, certainly, that you see, if they don't know about comedy, bang, bang, tell your family, tell your friends.

Oh, and speaking of friends, it's time to get to our first guest.

Let's run down his filmography.

Saturday Night Live for eight seasons or seven?

Seven. Seven seasons.

The contractual seven.

And then out like a light.

Yeah. Half a zanny on the flight.

Of course.

A lot of people don't know when you end SNL, they put you on a flight.

Oh, yeah. And you have no idea where you're going.

You get you give you half a zanny.

Right. You have another pair of underwear.

And you wake up in your new part of your career.

And you don't know what it is for you.

You lucked out. It was Brooklyn Night Nine.

Yes. Which you also are doing for this is the upcoming seventh season, which is eighth. This is the eighth.

No, this is the seventh. This is the seventh.

But you will be doing the eighth, which is longer than you did Saturday Night Live.

Correct.

Also, we have pop star Never Stop Stopping, Hot Rod.

Yeah. Have I covered the bulk of your movie career?

It's pretty good. That's my boy.

I was in that. Uh huh.

Top-blinded.

The Bash Brothers.

Well, the Bash Brothers is a piece of content.

I don't think it's a film. I think it counts as a film.

You think it's a film? Yeah.

A 20 minute film. It's a short, short film.

A short film. Is it competing or did it compete or was it eligible for the Emmys?

It was eligible for the Oscars short film.

It was. No Emmys.

Didn't get shit.

Welcome back to the show.

He's one of our oldest friends, Andy Stadberg.

Hello. Hi.

Tough shit is for TS. TS, Elliot.

I understand. Thank you.

Tough shit, Elliot.

Please explain all jokes to me.

If they ever pop up during the show, I'm not saying they will.

But if anything humorous happens.

Welcome back to the show.

So good to see you.

It's good to see you.

I'm looking right at you and I'm seeing you.

I saw you the other day.

Right. And elaborate.

Good story in the office that we share.

It's true.

But which I'm hardly ever there and you're hardly ever there.

We're barely ever there.

But it's wonderful when we cross paths.

It is. It's like, hey, look at that guy companies.

I remember him.

And Brooklyn Nine-Nine is coming up.

You're on Thursdays, the Thursday night block.

That's right. Yeah.

The home of the Cosby Show. Uh huh.

The new Cosby Show. Yeah, that, too.

That's the end of the list.

That's our peer group.

In every way.

You're welcome, Peacock. Peacock.

This is promo.

You're going to be on that Peacock coming up.

Peacock is a streaming service, I believe.

NBC's. Yeah. Peacock streaming.

Isn't it like, did they run that through any test group to say like, hey, we're going to put two words that have to do with with.

Oh, did I say tits?

I mean, dicks. But I guess dicks go on tits.

I don't know. How does sex work?

Jesus Christ.

I think I mean, look, we're talking about it.

You know, you know what I mean?

They've got our exception.

Yeah. Peacock.

It's got all the sex.

It's something that's in it.

And then the thing that it is.

You know how network sitcoms are sex sex sells nonstop poundage.

Speaking of which, Brooklyn Nine-Nine, you you got married to Amy, is that her name?

Jake got married.

No, you got married to Andy.

I play a character named Jake.

I take this seriously, Scott.

Jake Peralta, is that right?

Uh huh. Yeah.

How was that? How how did that name get settled on?

Was it did you have to run that by people?

Did you?

I think Gorin and Mike sure already had it ready when they I was ready to go to the show and I fresh out the oven.

And I said I like it because Peralta reminded me of skateboards.

Oh, in what way?

Peralta. Elaborate.

Stacey Peralta, the skater.

Continue.

And they formed the company Peralta.

That is some sort of a skateboard company.

Yeah. OK, look, I know you're not a jock, but a lot of skaters don't like sports either.

You should be friends with them.

OK, a lot of I guess the skaters are like the dropouts and the losers of the high school.

When we were young.

But now it's like X Games.

So, yeah, exactly.

Yeah, that's different.

So you like Peralta.

What about Jake, though?

Jake, you know, it's Chinatown.

It's less than.

It's less.

Wait, the name Jake is less than?

Less than Jake.

Better than Ezra.

Hey, less than Jake, but better than Ezra.

Yeah.

There should be a band that comes out right in the middle of those two.

It's just like, hey, look, seven seasons in.

How is it like what new things are coming up on the horizon of this show?

Right.

You know, are you adding characters?

Of course, you got rid of Chelsea.

It's oddly phrased, but she is not in the cast anymore.

So do you like do you need someone to to fill that vacuum or or at this point, has every character talked to each other or are you constantly being like, hey, wait a minute, the Sarge has never talked to this guy over here.

Why don't we do a scene between the two of them?

We've done our share of cross pollinating characters, certainly.

There's been more Hitchcock and Scully happily, you know, two of the best.

And it gives us the opportunity to do, you know, more stuff with with the other characters.

There's more space.

Right. Do you have how how how few days have you gotten down to that you'll shoot per episode?

Man, I wish I could say like one or two, but does it end up being last year was pretty grindy for me.

There's a lot of episodes this year where the whole cast is together the whole time.

Really? Those are tough to shoot.

They're a bitch.

Yeah, but they're also fun.

Wasn't that the issue on the ninety ninth episode?

Like all of you were together the entire.

Yeah, the ninety ninth was not fun to shoot, but turned out really well.

Turned out really well. But it's it's very tough to to have everyone there at the same time.

There's a scene in the ninety ninth episode where Andre and I as characters.

Thank you. It's not us in the show are having a conversation when everyone's asleep.

The whole squad is asleep on the floor in the same room.

And during the course of shooting that scene, multiple cast members actually fell asleep and started snoring.

That's the dream. And we had to like wake people up.

I wish I could have slept on my show.

There was a grip who who literally I was in the middle of an interview and suddenly I heard snoring directly behind me.

I was like, could someone wake that grip up, please? It's getting in the way of the improv.

But do you remember who the guest was on the show?

I don't remember, but it was one of those things.

I just could not believe it was happening. That loud snoring.

I was like, the reviews are in. So real.

So can you hype anything that's happening this season? Give me something to hold on to.

I mean, the viewers love the show. One of the best shows on TV.

That's just a light of and ray of sunshine every single week, every single Thursday, replacing the Cosby show in our memories.

Fuck. It's it's a hoot of a C's.

Yeah, I've watched every app, you know? Yeah.

As a producer, you're contractually obligated. I'm heavily involved in the editing process and therefore I've seen every episode multiple times.

You know, are you constantly saying like, can we favor my good side on the on this angle?

Are you are you like, hey, look, we're we're seeing my bad end on this.

It took until season six. I want to say before I was like, I look like shit in this shot.

Can we please choose a different angle? But it took really I think it took six years before I said, because that's not your personality. You you want everything. You want to be the nice guy.

Well, yeah. And I generally think I look great. Right.

OK, so you didn't think you looked terrible in still season six. Maybe you're just getting older.

That's correct. I started getting old. Yeah. And how old a man are you?

You're approximately 63 at this point. Sixty three and a quarter.

I still count the quarters. Oh, good. Yeah. Never too old to count the quarters.

I always got the quarters. Is that a Sandler thing?

No. Oh, OK. It's just like an old Jewie guy who's stingy and wants his money.

Is that a cool thing? That's a cool thing to say, right?

So no answer from Scott. I have no opinion on what's cool to say, what's not cool to say.

It's going to constantly change. People listening to this in 10 years will be like, they shouldn't have talked about any of this. I'm assuming.

Who are you rooting for in Jojo Rabbit, Scott?

Me? The girl, the girl hiding in the wall. You were the hiding in the wall one.

Yeah. I just those were beautiful shoes.

Whoever got to like whoever took those shoes off, somebody came up, purloined them.

Yeah. Someone really scored on those shoes. Yeah, really.

So you don't know what happens in the season. You just think it's a wonderful, wonderful season.

No, no, no. It picks up where it left off. Holt has been demoted and he's having a lot of trouble adjusting to his his new position in the police force. And what can you say what his new position is? Yeah, I think he's like a uniformed officer. Oh, yeah.

Went from from captain to demoted all the way down all the way to that's below you guys because you guys don't wear uniform.

Can you imagine like their dynamic is completely turned on its head? That's I mean, I have not seen that on the show. Correct. Because that dynamic has been has stayed the course throughout six seasons at this point. And now for the seventh, you're saying it's turned on its head. Correct.

Wow. I would I want to say that it stinks, but it's actually pretty good. I've watched it.

But you want to say that. Who's that? Who the hell?

It's been me all along. Oh, my God. That lamp over there was Nick Kroll the entire time. Nicholas.

Hi. Hi. Nick Kroll from let's go through your filmography.

You got the basketball one.

Others and the tuna guys. It's such a pleasure to be back.

Oh, it feels so good to be back. Nick Kroll from Big Mouth taking a little time away from the Big Mouth writers room. Am I correct in that assumption? You are deep. You're very correct.

I'm deep in that. Correct. You're deep in that correctness.

What I was enjoying was being like, how many episodes of Brooklyn Nine-Nine have you watched?

Scott? Have I watched? I would say approximately sixty nine of ninety of a current ninety nine.

No, it's probably at one hundred and forty somewhere around there. Yeah. Up there. Yeah. I would say the majority. That's great.

Yeah. The preponderance, I would say. Yeah. Scott texts me and says, I saw the episode when this happened. And I go, he's really watching. Yeah, he really is. Yeah. I believe I once texted you that I was shipping you and Amy and you said, what is that? And I explained the concept of shipping to you. Yeah. Oh, I appreciate it. All the way around every definition from UPS.

So and then I moderated a panel. And so I watched a bunch of episodes for that. So, Nick. Yeah. Unfortunately, more than Big Mouth, I would say.

That's fair. Big Mouth, you're what, two seasons in that have aired or three? Three have aired. Three have aired.

Three have aired. And we're we're deep into where would you say balls deep? We're balls deep.

We are we are way ahead of what is has aired already.

Really? Yeah. What are you like working on? We're writing season five right now. Holy. We are. Yeah.

So it takes a long time to actually have the show come out. Yeah. Why is that? Is it like are you drawing everything to I draw everything myself? That's why I'm such a perfectionist. I understand that. I insist on drawing it all myself and I cannot draw. What about a Brooklyn Nine-Nine Big Mouth crossover episode where like those I see there's these cop characters on on Big Mouth all the time that are drawn exactly like me and Paula Tompkins. It's so funny. There are cop characters. We've talked about this a little bit. There are two cop characters. We have cop characters on Big Mouth that do. And once someone pointed out look like Scott and Paula Tompkins, in reality, they are modeled. They're modeled after Caruso and they're yeah, they're modeled. Yeah, yeah, exactly. Dennis Farina and David Caruso. And they somehow now look exactly like us. And people are constantly like, why are you doing the voices? Who's doing the voices? Malaney and Neil Casey. Oh, man, those guys get fucking everything. They get everything. Unbelievable.

But I'm saying there are some cop characters. There are some. What if there's a little crossy? That'd be fun. You know what I mean? And Farina Caruso. I know. And get them. Farina's gone to that police station up in the sky. And Caruso. He's also gone there, but he's still alive. Yeah. Thank you very appreciate that. They're disrespectful of you to talk about another TV cop in that way. I didn't know. Don't TV cops stick together? Yes. What about real cops? How do you feel about real?

The show is great. Cops. Yeah. They're bringing that back, aren't they? Yeah, probably. They're bringing it all back. Malaney's in it. He gets everything.

Yeah. He plays a...

They're bringing back Reno. Yeah. They're bringing back everything. They're bringing back NYPD Blue.

NYPD Blue? NYPD Blue. Well, they tried to. They shot a pilot. Did they? Yeah. With Franz's son. They have the character. But yeah, everything will come back. I'm sure at some point, comedy bang, bang, I'll get the call and I'll rise to the occasion just like Rambo.

We need you back. I'm not that guy anymore. The first one, beautiful with a real political message. The second four. The next four. Just killing. Just murdering. Have you met Stallone?

Never. Have you met Stallone? I haven't. I do him on the show. Yeah. You know what I would...

It's great, man. It's good. You know what I really want to do, Nick, is I want to... Do you remember the Rocky vs Rambo script that I wrote and Harris Whittles wrote and Coulope and Paul Rust, Neil Campbell and Mike Cassidy? We watched all three Rambo movies one day and then we beat out a Rocky vs Rambo script in 15 minutes and then we all split up and wrote 20 pages a piece. I remember this. And the script is really funny. I would love to do a reading of it for... A one-man reading?

Well, I would love to do it either. I'd love to get Stallone and you. Sure, I'd do it in a second.

There's a video of Stallone. Do you want them to do it at the update desk? Yes, of course. If we could get the update desk. Stallone, there's a video on him.

I follow him on Instagram.

There's a video of him on Instagram where he's got Pacino coming into his house. He's like, hey, you wanna go? And Pacino is not ready to be on camera and he's dealing with the hair.

And he's like, hey, you guys are cooking us lunch today.

And they walk into the kitchen and it's Guy Fieri. I've seen it. And it's like, hey, two Titans. I just love it. What do you think Pacino thinks of that moment? He's like, yeah. Yeah, I think he's fine with it. Two Titans.

What is Pacino's headspace? Godfather, donkey sauce.

I haven't read nor seen any interviews with Pacino, like getting into his headspace or his process. Like what does he like all day? You know what I mean? Yeah, Pacino.

Pacino, I saw him now at a few awards things this run. He has a thin scarf that is constantly lopsided that he's trying to fix. What is the purpose of the scarf?

Most scarves I see are to cover the neck. It's not. It's too thin. It's just like, it's unclear. He's been rocking it for a long time since maybe Frankie and Johnny.

I think there's something like with him with depth, like there becomes a thing with certain actors where like the more things I wear, the more he's peacocking. Yes. Yes. By the way, I like that it's Peacock, the streaming service. It's like it's never ending. Yeah. You're going to go out there hard for peacock. Always you repping peacock this fall. You know, I'm a company man. Is that I saw you in those Hulu commercials.

You go do the same for peacock.

I'll do whatever it takes. Yeah. Yeah. Got to sell them tikis.

Yes. Tiki. Tiki's to them showsies.

Yeah. But what so, so he's wearing the scarf. He's great.

And then Pacino. And I felt like watching De Niro and him. I don't know if you guys watch any of this stuff. They've been on the run for all this stuff. I feel like De Niro just is sort of like letting Pacino talk himself out.

I think he can barely talk at this point. De Niro. De Niro.

Yeah.

Really? I think he, yeah, I don't know. I don't want to speculate on what's going on with him, but I think he's just like, I think he's been, they've been head to head for so long. I think De Niro is just like, I'm going to let Pacino. I'm going to let the Pacines run with this.

Yeah. It sounds better if you could see the face Scott was making. It was a great face.

Face is good. It's good De Niro face. But anyway, Pacino, he looks great. And he's.

What's weird is when a Pacino, okay, he starts to wear the scarf in real life.

And then he goes, he meets with the customer of every movie he does. He goes, I got this scarf at the ready. And he puts them into his movies too.

Is he wearing the scarf in the movies? He wears them in the movies as well.

Is he wrapped tight or can you still see? Cause I guess that's.

Usually it's like around the back of his neck and he's sort of like doing this.

Right. I feel like that's been since the nineties. Yeah.

Since like, is it like scent of a woman?

Yeah. Scent of a woman scarf. It's like, Oh, I think this character would wear this scarf.

Let me guess. Like, do you have things with acting? Like some actors are like, want, they want to hold, they always are holding some, do you have your little.

Some business. Yeah. Do you like business?

Are you a prop actor? I, once I became a prop actor, I started actually getting good.

Cause I wasn't just like looking at the, at the other actor the whole time.

Yeah. You know what I mean? It's like you get a little business and then suddenly you seem a lot more real. I just stand in one spot and stare.

Look right at the person right down the barrel. Yeah. I try not to get it too complicated.

Cause then you can cut out anything. Yeah. Right. Yeah.

Must be.

You are, you are in the business of keeping that day as short and efficient as possible.

I'm efficient with mines. If the joke's good, don't matter.

Don't need to be eating pit style.

Oh my God. I, when I was on Andrea Savage's show, I'm sorry.

The first scene I shot or something was at this diner and I was like, Oh, okay. I'll we're supposed to be eating some pie.

I didn't think about it. I didn't realize how many takes we were going to do to be fair.

I think we did maybe 25 takes or something. They told me at the end of the scene that I'd eaten two complete apple pies because I didn't match it. I had to match what I did on that first take the whole time. I never eat horrible. Yeah. We're all often have food in front of me.

Yeah. Oh yeah. I made a big couple of big moves early on in the league. It was like, what do you drink at the bar? And I was like, not a big deal. Uh, truly has turned out to be not.

How many seasons are that? Seven. When's that coming back?

Everyone loves it.

I don't know. I don't know. I made the choice very early on of like, my character drinks vodka sodas so I could just drink like club soda at the bar.

Everyone else was drinking like red wine and like beer and they were just, and it's like prop red wine is like, like high concentrate grape juice. I'm like, Nope, no, no, no. My character has that showbiz know how. Yeah. I got that. My character has scruff and he drinks seltzer and he plays basketball and he plays basketball and every Kenny wears a long scarf. Only thing I would have changed.

I would have said he plays basketball. Baseball. Have you watched that movie? I've never seen it. I've never seen it.

I'd love to see it. Is it, is it funny? And orgasm. I both have super funny shit.

Have us over to your place. We'll do a double feature. Okay.

Joanna.

What's that? Nope. Okay. Yeah. You can't come in. Not allowed ever.

No, it's F it's over. We probably shouldn't talk. Well, this is exciting. Big mouth. Uh, wait, Nick, you have some, you have something coming out that you want to talk about. I do. I have this movie called Olympic dreams that I made at the fuck is that I remember when you told me about, uh, we went to the winter Olympics. I went with a couple. I remember this. You went, yeah. Yeah.

I'm about to explain it. No, no, no. But I remember, I remember this. Oh, you guys have an in. Yeah. So nobody needs to know. So we're good. You guys know. Okay. Well then, okay. Well, let's move on. Is it cool if I check my phone while Nick plugs this thing? Yeah.

Um, I went with the, uh, couple Alexi Pappas and Jeremy Tashier.

Alexi is a summer Olympian. She was a, she's a long distance runner. She ran at Rio in the Olympics and they got a, uh, a grant from the Olympic committee to go shoot a movie inside of the Olympic games. Uh, and they never been done before. Never been done before. So we went to the winter Olympics and we had full access carte blanche to every sort of the athletes village and the dining hall and the med center and all the events that med center, the med center. Well, cause my character is a volunteer dentist because there are these volunteer doctors, dentists, chiropractors who all like love the Olympics. So they volunteer to go and they get to go to the games and treat the athletes. So it was the two dentistry happening. You know, interestingly, Alexi said at the summer Olympics, a ton of the athletes get their dental work done because they're from countries that are super poor. And so it's an opportunity for them to get medical and dental care. But then they have to like run with, they got to run with a Novocain mouth.

Um, but they know, but, but in reality, uh, so the winter Olympics a little less with the dentist, but, uh, anyway, so it's the three of us made the movie.

There was no crew. So Jeremy shot, it was the sound guy. Uh, we had no crew at all because we were literally inside of the Olympic games. What'd he shoot it on? Sorry. He shot it on, um, I forget. It's like a Sony, uh, it looks really good. Shockingly good. It's a good company.

It's a good company. But still like shotgun mic on the camera or a camera shotgun mic. And we were, we were in LA, but we had a crazy long, uh, remote love situation to pick up a distance.

Cause we would shoot, we would be in like the athlete's dining hall with like a thousand people and we'd be like 40 like tables away and he would be long lens and we would just be having a normal conversation. No one knows you're shooting.

No one knows you're shooting. It was really crazy. You're in character the whole time. So this movie, when you watch it, you're it's you in character doing interacting with real. Yes, exactly. So they know, I mean, they, we weren't, they weren't like, you weren't pranking them. No, we weren't pranking them. But there, there are moments in the movie where nobody knows that I'm who, that I'm just asking for directions. It was completely legitimate. Like I was a real person and then run back and get a release. Yeah. That's a good question. I think we were, we tried to make sure we were on everyone's back. Does any Olympian just sign a blanket release for like when you're in Olympian? Cause they're also used to being filmed for journalism, like, you know, reporter stuff so that, but we would, all the other actors in the movie are real Olympians. We're the only two people who everyone else is basically playing themselves, including this guy, Gus Kenworthy, who's a freestyle skier, who's on American, now on American horror story. He's one of the two dudes who was, came out or was gay, openly gay at the Olympics. Got in like a TIFF with like Mike Pence in the middle of the games. So it was crazy cause we were kind of literally like, I'm a dentist. So in the movie, I'm sort of interviewing, I'm giving like all these athletes dental exams, but in reality, I'm kind of interviewing them about their experience at the game. Like I was talking to this woman was like, I just got here like two days ago and it was the middle of the games and she had basically not qualified. And then someone dropped out and she got a call in the middle of the games, like, Hey, can you fly from Belgium tomorrow to Korea to compete the next day?

Had she been like working out at all or she'd been like, look at man, I'm not making it.

Curs time to drink some cures. So the circle, but it was, it was, it's pretty wild. And it was just, and because it was no crew, we could kind of shoot anywhere.

And we were in the opening ceremonies.

We were like in the, you know, like right before all the athletes like walk out into the games.

How involved are you in the editing? Because from what Andy tells me, he's very involved in the Brooklyn nine nine editing. I won't shut up about it.

Well, I mean, I mean, I'd be curious, talk to you about the, you know, it's like, you know, like when it is, I was, I'm a producer on it, I'm a writer on it. Cause we, it was all improvised. They had a, they brought me like an outline and we wrote it and, and you know, it is this weird thing when you're, when you're just an actor, you're like, okay, I guess like it is, it will be what it will be. But when you're a producer premiere night, yeah. When you're a producer, you're like, shit, I have to, I want to, it's hard to let, I mean, you're similar. I think it's like hard for us to let go. Yeah. Right. Yeah. Are you ever, do you ever envy that time where you can just not be a part of it? Oh yeah. Hey, it was hard for Elsa to let it go, but she tried. Twice. Was she able to?

I don't know. I'd never watched that movie, but Nick, when does this come out? It comes out.

Hold up, hold up. You never watched Frozen. I watched the first one. Same. We all did, but Scott didn't? I, okay, me. Okay. Yeah. I watched Frozen.

You fucking fronted. I haven't seen the second one. Fronting like a fronty-fronter. I watched all the fractals, everything. When does this come out? This comes out, uh, uh, on demand and in theaters, February 14th, Valentine's. It's a real sweet, I will say it's a really sweet little, I describe it as like before sunrise meets lost in translation at the Olympic games. And they have a nice meeting and they, it's really sweet. And Alexi is great. She's a real athlete and, but she's also a really good actor and Jeremy did a great job shooting it. And so you know what I'm going to ask? It's just the three of you. They're married and you're playing her love interest.

You're like alone in a room. Like, can we get this going guys? Where, where's the line? Do I end up fucking him on camera to throw her off? That's my question. Is there some sort of Weinstein thing happening at the Olympics? Is there an autistic and sexual sex match you play?

That's what, yeah, not Scott's thing. What you just said.

Was there ever a time where you picked up on your lobs, someone walking past going, should we take the steroids? No.

Do we do it after we have sex? I will say that, you know, they had in the bathroom, you know, you always hear like people have a lot of sex at the Olympics in the bathrooms. They had a little, like little bin that was like condoms. It was always empty.

Really? I did not have any, I hadn't, I had no, you had no sex during this movie. So every scene we're, we're seeing like a backlog essentially. Yeah. Build up. You didn't want to get like torn to shreds by some Olympic lady? I would have happily, happily. What's it called Nick?

What's it called? It's called, it's called Olympic dreams. AKA torn to shreds by some Olympic lady. No, no, it's a very, I will say the trailer is just you going. It's actually a very sweet, it's a very sweet movie.

All right. Wonderful. Look, we need to take a break when we come back. Oh, we have, uh, someone who works at a gymnasium. So that's exciting.

Hey, great. You know Sylvester Stallone's cat trace.

All right. We'll be right back with more Comedy Bank after this.

Comedy Bank gang, we are back here. Andy Samberg from Brooklyn Nine-Nine.

Also in the news recently with Palm Springs, your movie, which you sold at Sundance for, uh, you set a record, a Sundance record for how much someone spent on a movie. Is that, is that right?

That's right. The previous record was, uh, Earth of a Nation.

Earth of a Nation, which was 17 and a half million. Is that right? And you guys sold Palm Springs for what? 17 and a half and 69 cents.

That's right. Let's hope this one turns out better than that one.

Yeah. Full disclosure. We didn't know that was the one that it was the previous, when we got like cheeky about the number. Yeah. Yeah. Uh, so no disrespect anywhere, but, uh, we did think the 69 was funny. Did you literally get it for 69 cents?

Yeah. That's awesome. Uh, so do you know when, when new is that coming out? Do you know? Or like, they're gonna leave it to them whenever it comes out.

Yeah. Like I just got back to town, so we need to, we're going to meet up with Neon and Hulu.

What was that? Was that, did you have the fun, like late night, everybody bidding, like where are we going? Those late. Yeah. Yes. But I wouldn't describe it as fun.

No, it's. We were so tired.

Yeah. And it was going like multiple places were interested and then you go back and forth, but you have to give them an hour to talk about it internally with their whole company. And so we stayed up to like five in the morning, just being like.

Fielding calls or was it like meetings in person? What was the game?

Both. Yeah. Definitely took some meetings at like one in the morning, which felt insane.

Yeah. Especially because we had the premiere of the movie, which you've been working on for over a year. And I was like, so relieved. It felt like it went pretty good. And I had a couple drinks and then everyone's like, stop drinking. I was like, you have to go to work.

Yeah. So we like all sobered up and started drinking coffee at like midnight.

Oh, very different from my Sundance experience.

Tell me about that.

Tell me about it. Well, we watched it. It sucked. And then we went to a party afterwards and got yelled at by the producer. And then a famous actor from a teen show hopped onto our van.

None of us knew him, but we realized he was there because there were two like Budweiser girls on the van with us. And he had his arm around one within five minutes. Yeah. Interesting stuff.

That sounds similar to the biggest sale in Sundance history.

It's the streaming wars, you know, it's all bets are off.

Yeah. Well, congratulations. That's I can't wait to see that a little bit later. Probably after I see the Olympian challenge. What is your- Olympic dreams.

Olympic dreams. All right. Well, we do need to get to our next guest. I talked about it. She works at a gymnasium. Oh, and we've talked to her before. Please welcome back to the show, Becky from the gym. Hey, Scott. So happy to be back. Missed you big time.

You missed me big time. I missed you big time. I'm so happy to be back and great to meet you guys.

Big fans. Thank you. Big fans. Nick, Andy. You're familiar with their work then? No, I don't watch TV, but I just I'm offense of you guys just sitting in the room with you guys. Oh, thanks. Spare in movies too. Do you watch movies? No, nothing. You don't watch anything? I read. You read what?

Books? Newspapers? Books. I read a lot of just like nonfiction. Nonfiction. What's your favorite book? David Sedaris books. I love them.

David Sedaris books. David Sedaris books. Okay. Yeah, those are good. Well, hopefully he'll be on the show someday. I can tell him that. Okay. Yes, they would be great. I was very excited to hear all this stuff about the Olympics because you know, I work at a gym. Yeah. What do you do at a gym? So I wiped in the machines at the gym. No, cool.

It's a 24 hour fitness. Okay. 24 hour.

You don't, to be clear, we talked about this before. You don't work the entire 24 hours. No, I work 20 hours. You have four hours off a day? 20 hours a day. And then next door we've got Ed Bevicks. So I go over there. I have some food and I head back. Yeah. You guys have been to Ed Bevicks, right? The restaurant where the waiters yell at you? Yeah. Where's the gym that you work at? So I don't want to give that information away, but it's in Westsorrell. But if you know where Ed Bevicks is, it's right next door or across the street? It's next door. Next door. So during that four hours you go to Ed Bevicks. That's right. And you've worked up quite an appetite from the 20 hours you've been working. I'm so hungry. So I eat as much as I possibly can. And then, yeah, I also, funny that you were mentioning all that six. I have a lot of six in the sneak room of the gym. With trainers or with? Just with different people who go to the gym. Okay.

So it just sounds so similar. It's so funny. Yeah, no, it does. And I'm sorry, I don't want to point this out, but I noticed an accent. Yes. That's right.

What was your story again? You're from? So I'm a higher girl through and through. I lived abroad when I was in high school. My host family hated me. And I was there for about a month and now I'm back. I've been back for a long time. Interesting. You went to Australia or New Zealand? That's right, Australia. Oh God, I would have pegged it as Kiwi. Oh, interesting. I know.

Yeah. A lot of confusion, but no. Got it.

Okay. So you went there for a month and then you came back to Ohio? That's right. And then you're now out, you're now here in Los Angeles? That's right. I'm making it big. Yeah. In what way are you making it big? I'm doing great at the gym. Well, actually that's not fully true, but yeah, I feel like I've made a life for myself. Yeah. What's been going on? I remember there was some issue with people cheating on... I would say sex addiction.

No, no, that's not the problem really, but I did have sex with my boss, Shannon. Shannon, right.

Shannon, she's a total bitch.

And she's always like, you need to wipe down the machines better. And I, so anyway... How can you do that better? You either wipe them down or you don't.

Listen, in an ideal world, my job doesn't exist. Everybody wipes down their own machine. Right? Oh yeah. There'd be redundancy. Right.

But so I'm already doing a favor to the community by wiping down the machine. Are you paid for your favor? Yes. Okay. So it's a job. So anyway, at a... I was at the holiday party this year, ended up hooking up with Shannon that night. The bitch.

Right. My boss. I hooked up with her in the sneak room and next day she's obsessed with me. Ria, she's constantly yelling at you, but that's just a cover for her being sexually obsessed with you. Exactly. It's like a fourth grader or something. She's obsessed and she's jealous. And so I said, listen, I'm not going to work here anymore. I'll still live in the sneak room. I'll still wipe down the machines.

But I'm not doing this with you. Good for you. You have to set boundaries. You'll still wipe down the machines though? Yes. Isn't that the sum total of your responsibilities? I said, I'll still wipe down the machines, but that's it. I'm out of here. That's it before. This is good though. She's setting boundaries. She's setting boundaries.

So you're just not going to get paid anymore. Exactly. And so I'm looking for new work. I went next door to Ed De Bevix. I tried to be a waiter. Oh really? How long did that work out? Not long. I'm too nice. Over at Ed De Bevix.

It would probably be good in another restaurant where the customer's always right, but not at Ed De Bevix. That's right. That's right. It's almost like the customer is always wrong over there. Exactly. That's what I learned. So people would be like, I'll have a cheeseburger. And I would be like, okay, sounds good. And then what do they, what do they want you to say there? They want you to be like, you stupid motherfucking bitch. Why could you not get that persona going?

I don't know. I think that all my anger, I just like to press it down.

So it doesn't matter. And just sort of fuck it out in the snack room. Exactly. But now, I mean, I'm trying a new thing. You're trying something new. Okay.

What's going on? I'm thinking that I steal pictures of my feet online. Smart. Smart. I say smart.

How do your feet look? I mean, do you have attractive feet by feet standards? Super long feet. Really big, long toes. They look like fingers. Oh, so it looks like you have hands down at the bottom. Yes. Okay. How do your hands look? You have them under the table. Those look like toes. I got toe hands. You look like you're upside down. That's why I have a hard time wiping down the machines. Let's be real.

So anyway, I'm thinking you guys, maybe you guys could tell people about my new feet business.

I already put my feet online on WikiFeet. I got 109 reviews, five stars. That's great.

Wow. Doing pretty good. Five out of how many? Out of nine stars. Out of nine. Okay. So not as good as I thought originally. Pretty good. But not bad. Yeah, but definitely better. They went with the nine star system on there. Right. On WikiFeet. Yeah, that's what they did. Yeah. Do you ever think you should take pictures of your... For the nine toes.

Of your hands because those look like feet instead of your feet, which look like hands? Maybe you'd get better reviews. Well, I'm not a hand model. That's not my thing. Well, you could lie. I'm saying you could lie and say, these are my feet because your hands look... But if, and I don't mean to, if, but if we don't have trust on WikiFeet... That's a good point. I'm gonna think on this. I'm gonna think on this. You know, that would just be devastating for people. Yeah. It's anarchy. I'd like to be honest about this.

Your hands look like beautiful, beautiful feet. Thank you so much. But they look so ugly for hands.

Thank you. Well, I mean, I don't know what to say. Thank you so much. Now I'm noticing there's a woman in the corner who's faced away and she seems really angry with a name tag that says Shannon.

Yeah. Is this the Shannon? Yes, it's Shannon. And she, so she came to you to this... I told you, she's jealous. She thinks I'm going to have sex with you guys. Oh, is that, that's not happening?

I just want to make sure. Well, I don't know yet. As far as I'm concerned, it's not. I don't know what your guys' vibe is. I'm not putting, no, I'm not putting out any vibe. No, you, I don't want to have sex with. Okay, thank you. You have no sexual vibe.

Thank you. That's, I appreciate that.

Can I ask you a question? Do your toes look like fingers?

Yes. Okay. Okay. So you're considering.

Should we talk to Shannon? Do you think that's something that we should do? Do you want me to bring her over here? Yeah, bring Shannon over. Let's talk to her. Okay. Let me see what I can do.

Hello. Hi. Hi, Shannon. You're Shannon. Hi. Hi, I'm Shannon.

Yes. Hi, I'm Scott. This is Nick Kroll.

Who you may know. Hi, how are you? Hi, great. Nice to see you. The League. And this is Andy Sandberg from SNL. Obviously, I'm on a boat, et cetera.

Thanks for that. You were on the boat.

Yeah. I just appreciate the plug. Yeah, it was great. Yeah.

Yeah. How many YouTube views for that boat? Millions. Millions and millions. That's that T-Pain bump though. You got to, yeah, you got to factor in the pain bump. Yep. Shannon. Can I start, Shannon, I'm sorry to do this. Sorry to bring you over. We brought you over here, but I just have a question.

When he won the Masked Singer, were you like crazy excited?

Were you pulling for him? Did you know what was him? I sort of know what you're referencing. So you had no idea. It was even happening. T-Pain was on the Masked Singer. Yes. It's a show on Fox. Yes, yes, yes. By the way, it's good that he won. He's a professional singer. Well, most of them are. Oh, really? Yeah. I thought a lot of them were like athletes and celebs. Well, it's actually a mixture. Last year, Paul Shaffer was on and Wayne Brady and the like. Do you watch the Masked Singer? I've never seen it, but I hear great things. Yeah. What have you heard?

What have I heard? Yeah, the great things that you've heard. I've heard that it's highly creative and expressive and- Certainly. I would agree with that. A lot of family fun. It is a lot of family fun. I would agree with all of those.

I watch it with Andy's family. You do? That's true. My parents. I hang out with your parents and watch the show. Shannon, we wanted to call you over because you looked so sour. You were standing in the corner and you were facing away from us and you were sort of shaking your fists as Becky over here was talking. What's going on at that gym over there at the 24 Hour Fitness?

Well, I run a great gym. It's a perfect business really.

And I made a mistake. In what way?

Well, it's open 24 hours. The perfect business. So other businesses- So it does not close.

All they need to do is open up for the rest of the hours that they're closed and they would be perfect. Exactly. That's what- Once you turn the lights on for the day, that cost is there.

Exactly. If you turn them off, that's not saving you any money. No, exactly. No. It's self-sustaining. I like how, Shannon, I joined the 24 Hour Fitness about nine years ago for about a week and I still get phone calls from you guys. Yeah, we're an aggressive bunch. We want to make sure that we stay family. You were a part of the family.

That means you're forever a part of the family. So like 168 hours you were there. I was there for 168 hours. Straight. What was the mistake you made with Becky? Or was it with Becky? Well, I shat where I ate. I ate where I shat.

I did it. And I'd be lying if I said I didn't fall hard.

Really? I fell very hard. Yeah.

She's very alluring with that sort of upside down body of hers.

She is, yeah. It's a whirlwind. And I guess I'm just- I don't want to be in love, but I am. And I don't know what you guys, what your intentions with her are, and that's why I'd like to stay close. I have the intention of talking to her and interviewing her and that's about where it ends, as far as I'm concerned. Yeah. I mean, I'm in a relationship and so I'm not looking to step out in any way. Okay. That's great to hear. Yeah. I'm quite married. Yeah. He's like 99% married at this point. I mean- No, the whole hundo. You went the whole hundo? Yeah. Wow. Yeah.

That's great to hear. It's beautiful. So we have no designs on Becky. We're not pursuing Becky. So you can feel safe, at least from our side, that that's not what's happening here. Yeah, that's very kind. Of course, we don't know what Becky is doing with us. I mean, we're three Hollywood sort of- Hot shots. I didn't want to say hot shots, but- I see you guys. Also, like I definitely don't trust Nick. Yeah. Nick's kind of a liar. Well, it's like I have no designs on Becky. Yeah. But I cannot control what Becky does to me.

To your body. To my body. Yeah. I see. So she initiates- I can't, I just can't speak to what- You're not going to swat it away.

I don't know. I don't know. I can't predict the future.

Right. But I will not pursue her in any way. But you cannot predict the future? I can predict the future a little bit. Okay. I sort of- Yeah. I always sang us like you can. You're always calling us up and telling us not to take certain buses. It's true. It's true. I've got a lot of psychic energy to me. And I was like, because when Andy got offered Saturday Night Live, we didn't know each other well at all the time.

That's true. In fact, at all. Yeah. And he called me and he's like, should I do SNL? Right. And I was like, I think you should do it. It was the best advice anyone ever gave me. Because you were, I mean, you were really worth thinking of turning it down.

I was on the fence. Yeah. I was like, they want me to do it. I don't know. And I was like, I got to move to New York. Yeah. I got to do it with my friends. I'm going to go with my friends. Two guys I've been working with forever.

You're going to make new friends. I'm going to be at the forefront of digital videos, all this stuff. And I was like, I know this sounds like a bad idea, but I have a hunch. Right. And- The craziest part about you telling me more than even the advice itself is, again, that we didn't really know each other. No. I mean, you had done nothing. I had done some Channel 102 videos. Well, I don't know, some VH1 awesomely bad songs. Oh yeah.

Remember those? Yeah. Yeah. So- And you just had his number? Just cold call. Yeah. You weren't cold calling anyone to see if anyone was psychic? No, just Kroll. Yeah.

So, okay. But you knew his name.

Yeah. They were like, there's this guy. He crushes it on VH1, knows the future.

Hit him up. Hit him up. See what happens. And I was like, I don't know, man, this seems like a good idea. And same with the sale. He was like, should I sell this Sundance movie for more money than anything has ever been sold at Sundance? And I was like, I think do it. I have a good feeling about that. This doesn't sound psychic to me. That's what's so weird about it. I think he's psychic. He sees the future. Okay. Yeah. So, but you can- Can I make a psychic- Please make a prediction. I think you should let down your guard. I think you should trust Becky.

And I think you guys should give it a go. I know she's cheated on you. She was cheating on you.

She sounds like a sex addict and possibly with a personality disorder. Oh, fuck.

It's hard. I know. It's hard. It's good to hear.

But look- Let her in. Let her in.

Do you want the SNL of relationships? Seven years.

Seven. That actually doesn't sound appealing.

Do I want seven years of abuse? Yeah, I do.

Seven years of constantly wondering how you're doing.

How do the other people feel about me? The other person's going to leave me. Yeah, I guess I do want that. Yeah. Well, then- Then get in there and let- Open your heart. Open your heart.

Shannon.

Thank you guys. Just figure out, do you want to be Lorne Michaels or do you want to be one of the cast members?

I think I want to be Lorne, but I know that she is Lorne.

Oh, okay. I know that she's going to be- She holds the power. She will be up there judging me.

Yeah. Well, Becky, come back over here by the mic.

What do you- Are you willing to open yourself up to this relationship as well?

No. You're not?

Wow. I'm just like, yeah, like she can have whatever relationship that she thinks she wants from me.

Right. And I'll be there, proximity-wise, I will be in the gym. I'm still going to be there wiping down the machine. Well, it's because where you live.

It's where I live. It's where I'm not going anywhere.

All of the wiping duties, although you won't be getting paid for it.

Exactly. And do you wipe duty?

Just a quick question as far as that goes. If you need help, I say press the button and I'll be there. Press the- Oh, wait. So you're just there on a button pressing access availability.

Exactly. Well, there's buttons in the bathroom.

You're not out there preemptively wiping down the machines.

You're there only if someone presses- No, with the machines, I go around, I make sure they're all wiped down. With the bathroom wiping, you have to press the button. Oh, okay. You got to press the button if it's in the bathroom. Okay. Got it.

The Becky button?

The Becky button.

So you're willing to have any kind of relationship that she wants with you, but- But that's only when I'm in the gym.

Okay. But you're there 20 hours a day.

Exactly.

And put those four hours at Ed De Bebic's or whatever.

That's when I can do whatever I want. That's your time.

That is when I am my own person. So just think about that.

Wait, you want us to think about that?

Shannon, can I just- Shannon? Shannon?

Yeah.

Do you think that that's- maybe she's just trying to set some boundaries for your relationship, right? That those four hours are her four hours.

Yeah. I mean, I guess I'm okay with that because I know that I'm one of the cast members at this point. I'll take what I can get.

You could be one of the star cast members. You could be Kate McKinnon, you know?

Like someone the writers go to and like, Oh, we need to put her in the sketch to make sure it gets on the air.

Yeah. You could be Andy Samberg's Certain Seasons.

Wait, which ones? What are three through six?

I don't know.

Okay.

It's not like I go through every episode and think about which years were the good ones.

Maybe three through six.

Well, look, look, Shannon, Becky, we need to take a break.

Don't answer yet, because we still have a little more road to go down. But when we come back, we'll get an exciting update on what you've agreed to do during the break about your relationship.

So we'll be right back. More Andy Samberg, more Nick Kroll, more Becky, more Shannon.

We'll be right back with more Comedy Bang Bang after this.

Comedy Bang Bang, we're here. Andy Samberg from SNL seasons three through six.

So are you.

Also Nick Kroll, League, maybe one and two.

That's fair. Yeah, that's fair.

And we have Becky and Shannon from...

He was also Big Mouth, which is, you know...

Oh yeah, Big Mouth and Olympic Dreams.

Olympic Dreams.

By the way, I know Gus.

Yes, I know.

I'm close. You know, I know.

That's right. I forgot you know Gus.

I'm good friends with Gus. He comes to the gym.

Yeah, he comes to the gym. And also, I know there was you from OHA, but there was a period of time where you lived in Telluride, Colorado.

Exactly.

Yes.

Yeah, so I'm friends with Gus. I know his whole family.

Yeah, that's right. He's an amazing... He's a really good actor.

Fantastic.

Yeah.

I know.

It's crazy. And he's like... Because Becky and I do know each other a little bit.

What? You guys know each other?

This is so awkward.

It feels kind of like dishonest.

This is a bombshell.

Yeah.

We went a whole segment with you pretending not to know her.

And like giving them therapy, basically.

Yeah.

So where do you guys know each other? Becky and Nick?

No, from that 24 Hour Fitness.

So the one week that you were there?

Yeah. Yeah, the 168 hours.

So I was actually dating someone else at the time.

And Nick came in and he said, you know, he started working on the machines and he did not wipe it down.

He didn't... Oh, Nick, come on.

Dick.

I like to leave my mark. Jesus. My scent.

So his sweat smells like campfire.

Yeah.

And hot dogs.

There's an... I have an oaky... There's a woodish... There's an oaky quality to my musk.

So I wiped down the machines. He said, you missed a spot.

He said you missed a spot?

Right on my crotch.

I go, you know that. You guys know that.

Okay. I know that a little guy.

You missed a spot. Point out your...

I said, well, if you need me to go there, then you need to press the Becky button.

Oh, okay. Go into the bathroom.

And I said, well, if you need me to go there, you need to press the Nicky button.

So you guys basically hooked up in the gym?

Yeah, but I was dating someone else at the time.

Who are you dating? Who are all these people that you date?

I was dating a girl named Dana Sticks at the time.

Dana Sticks?

Yes.

Nicky Sticks' daughter.

Oh, wait. Nicky Sticks named her daughter...

Nicky Sticks.

Nicky Sticks?

Yeah, Dana Sticks.

Dana Sticks.

Dana Sticks. And so then he said, well...

Different last name.

How about I give you guys a therapy session?

So we started talking and then one thing led to another.

Hats off. You smashed like a lot.

Yeah.

I know.

Yeah.

I guess if you put it out there or not, I mean, you're constantly just putting it out there.

I mean, people like to have sex with me because it makes them feel better about themselves.

And well, I guess sex generally feels good. Is that what you're talking about?

No, like, do you think you're such...

No, because they're always the star.

Oh, they are? Really?

You're a supporting player.

I make them the star.

Really?

But what's fucked up is I get in their head because then they know that I make them feel so great.

And I say things like, I love you. You're the best.

Why would you say that if you don't actually feel that way?

I want to be with you forever.

Shannon, is that what she's doing to you? Is that...

Oh, yeah. She said that.

She said she loved you?

She said she loves me. She wants to have kids with me.

Kids!

That's what I said. I said that I wanted to impregnate her.

How would you do that?

I got my ways. I got a lot of scientist friends.

Oh, yeah. They're working on that.

And you did, Shannon, did she tell you that you're the beast?

She said that I was the beast.

The beast from the East?

The beast.

Is she saying that you're a beast or that you're the best?

The best.

I'm the best. I just like to get...

Oh, I see.

Yeah.

You do a little impression of her. You do a pretty good impression of her.

Yeah. Do an impression of Becky.

Hi, guys. How are you?

It's close. It's not bad.

I mean, it's better than I could do.

I mean, I have to say, as sort of messed up as that relationship is, there is real love there. And I do feel like Shannon gets Becky.

I definitely think so. I mean, the two of you have something special, obviously.

And I don't know why we're standing in the way of it.

I think you guys should just do it.

I think in some sick way, we're using you guys.

Oh, is this all a performative thing for you guys?

A little bit.

Yeah.

We need to know that you guys feel like you want to have sex with us, and then we will know that...

Oh, and then you'll feel better about yourselves, and you'll go and just rub each other raw after that? Is that what it is?

Exactly.

Okay. I don't know how it works between. I'm going to take off.

Well, look, guys, we're running out of time here. We only have one final feature on the show.

And that, of course, is a little something called plugs.

All I want is just to see you smile.

I will never want to see you cry, but it's over now.

Life is cold in my heart.

So what was that?

That was, thanks. That was Plug This Hole in My Heart by Chicago Constantine, or Constantine? Maybe Constantine.

But spelled in a different way. Thank you very much for that plugs theme.

Wonderful. If you have a similar one, or I guess it could be dissimilar.

Probably as dissimilar as you can make it. Go head over to the Earwolf message boards under the comedy bang, bang threads, and you'll find out where to put them.

All right, guys, what do we plug in? Andy, of course, Brooklyn99. Do you ever shorten it to B99?

Yeah, all the time.

Wow.

Especially in text.

Yeah, I bet.

Yeah.

What are you on the call sheet? What are we talking, one?

Yeah, numero uno.

Yeah, there you go. Would you ever do a show where you were like three?

Sure. I'm not like some asshole.

I'm saying once B99 goes away, which it will, we don't want it to, but eventually it will end.

All things.

Have you wrestled with that at this point yet?

Like being number three on the call sheet?

No, I guess Brooklyn99 ending, but after that.

No.

If you were offered like a just shoot me thing where you're like, you're five.

Sure. Okay.

What do I care? That motherfucking money green.

That's what it's all about for you, right?

Oh yeah, I'm a money guy.

I once met an actor. He was on my show and I said to him, so why did you get into acting?

And he said, well, I'm not going to do impression of him because you'll know who it is.

He said, well, I looked at high paying jobs and acting was one of them.

So I said, okay, I'll do that one.

Wow.

And hey, it turned out great.

That's what it is.

Uh, Brooklyn99 this Thursday. What, what time are we talking?

It's a good time.

It's a good ass question.

I'm saying somewhere between eight and 10.

I say, just turn your TV on in the morning.

Or wait one day and watch it on Hulu. Like every child in America.

Damn.

Is Hulu blowing up? Cause I just sold a movie to them.

Yeah.

Congrats.

And also Peacock eventually.

Oh yeah. It's all going to be one big thing at the end.

Yeah. It will just be like content. You'll just turn, you'll press a button that says content.

Yeah.

And it'll just come up.

Exactly.

Nick, we have Olympic fever.

Olympic dreams comes out February 14th.

February 14th. And what, what are your Valentine's day plans?

I don't know. I'll do something.

Friday.

I'll do something with, I probably won't be, well, I'll, I'll figure out a night to do some of my girlfriend.

Would it be that Friday?

Uh, I mean, I'm probably gonna, I know I'm going to be playing that Rebecca Black song Friday.

Right.

Okay. Well, that's good.

That's what I know for sure.

You think you're going to go to like a cool restaurant for like a dinner?

I think we will go, yeah, we'll go somewhere cool like Ed DeBavics.

And then, uh, but I'll probably go, I'll probably go to the theater, uh, to go see Olympic dreams on Valentine's day by myself.

That's great.

Right? Is that a nice thing?

Give impromptu talkbacks?

Yeah.

You want to talk back with me?

I'm going to do some, uh, screenings in the next couple of weeks in New York and LA Q and A's live screenings.

Oh, that sounds amazing. I would love to go to one of those as your guest.

What's your favorite scene in the movie?

Oh, um, there, that's a great question.

There's a couple, um, there's a lot of scenes.

I fucking love, I really liked this movie.

I really like, I I'm very happy with it.

Uh, some of the interview scenes are really fun.

And then there's stuff where we're like doing scenes, literally at figure skating at Olympic, like the luge and skeleton stuff where you see people like running down, sliding down, like a goddamn ice slide.

And it's insane.

It's a bummer you didn't do it the like Kerrigan year, you know?

That would have been so cool.

If you would like had that in the background of a love shot, I'm really into you.

I'm like Jeff Galulli rolls up and a little thing.

Yeah.

And you had video evidence of it.

Oh my God.

I can't believe we didn't break.

Did you see that?

There is one of the weird things in the movie is because people don't know that we're, we were shooting a movie.

We would be shooting these scenes like these really romantic sort of like intimate scenes.

And then people would just walk up to me because I'm wearing a volunteer jacket and start asking me for directions and questions.

So it's very weird.

But it makes the whole thing feel very natural.

Did you work it in?

Yeah.

Yeah, they're in there.

Did you give good directions or were you giving them wrong directions all the time?

Yeah, I was like North Korea, probably go North.

Oh boy.

They were the Kim Jong, the North Koreans were there cheering.

Like there, we saw their cheer squad in full effect.

It was wild.

Oh wow.

Yeah, it's cool.

How are the unis?

They're kind of boring, blue and white.

Not too, not too exciting.

Who had the best ones?

Sweden, Sweden.

Yeah, that's the fun thing.

We're in the athletes holding pen right before they go out into the world in the stadium and they walk around and you see everybody's and it was, that was for me, not even shooting the movie, that was like the coolest thing is like, you're just amongst like thousands of people knowing that they're about to walk out for like a billion people to watch them around the world.

That's pretty cool.

Did you get to try on one of those gold medals?

No, but there's a scene where one where Alexi gets to hold a medal and she's a real Olympian.

And so like you could feel her experience of like feeling that medal.

It's wild.

And we went out with a bunch of the athletes at the, after we finished shooting and it was weird because they're all like 17 to like 22 and they're like, we don't know what to do with the rest of our lives now.

That's sort of what the movie's about.

A little bit.

Did you get to try out one of those silver medals?

Great follow up.

Yeah.

Becky, what do you want to plug?

I'd like to plug for me and Shannon.

You can follow us on Twitter and Instagram.

Oh really?

You have a joint account?

Yep.

We do.

What's the name?

What's going on?

Um, I actually, I don't want to give away the name cause last time I heard, I don't want to get made fun of.

Oh no, no one will make fun of you.

You just give it away.

Give it away.

And now it's at L I L Y Y I L Y.

Y I LILY ILLY.

Lily ILLY.

Oh, okay.

So you have a confusing at all.

It's totally normal.

Is it a, is it a, it's not a palindrome.

No, it's our, whatever the, what is it?

An anagram.

Okay.

It's Lily ILLY.

What are your favorite palindromes?

Speaking of palindromes.

Demetri Martin.

I don't remember.

I don't know what a palindrome is.

Madam, my name is Adam.

Oh, okay.

That's it.

I don't know.

Madam, I am.

Race car?

Yeah.

Why not?

Okay.

Is that a?

Anyway.

Palindrome is the same backwards and forwards.

Yes.

Well, it's a hominy.

Hominin?

It was a hominy.

Hominy is like a type of grit.

Yeah.

It's a grain.

Yeah.

Quinoa?

I thought it was a hominy.

I'm gonna, I'm gonna, I'm gonna.

That is what Curly used to say.

Yeah.

What do I want to plug?

Between Two Ferns movie, always out there on Netflix.

Comedy Bang Bang is on Netflix in the USA.

If you're in Australia or Canada, I have no idea why they took it down.

I don't, I'm not in charge of the licensing of the show.

I wish I were, it would be out there everywhere, every episode.

But if you're in the USA, all 110 episodes are out there.

You can watch them on Netflix.

All right, let's close up the old plug bag.

You're telling me I have to listen to another one right now?

You start with a C when you want to close it up.

I almost successfully killed myself.

Read with an L and then you ooooooo.

Holy shit.

Oh God.

No, don't open it up.

Close it forever.

Take your hand and open it up.

Don't.

Then Horatio comes and then he just says.

What?

Why is this part of it?

This is awful.

Shame on everyone involved.

Oh God.

Make it stop.

Can you make it stop?

Just push a button.

I'm looking right at you.

Push the button.

Brett, push the button.

Push the button.

Open it up.

All right, well guys, I want to thank you so much, Andy.

It's always great to see you.

Continued success with Brooklyn Nine-Nine as long as you want to do it, which could be forever.

I mean, you ever think it could be like the Simpsons?

We're just like, hey, we're on for 30, 40 years.

Would you want to do it until it's Brooklyn 100?

For sure.

Yeah.

When does that, the odometer just click around?

To a hundred.

Just becomes Brooklyn zero.

Zero, zero.

Brooklyn zero, zero.

Yeah.

That could be good.

Is that a show?

I don't know.

Is that a spinoff?

Hey, all jokes, bro?

All jokes, bro?

All jokes?

Is that a show?

I wouldn't do that.

Nick, it's so good to see you and thanks for coming in the middle of your busy work week.

My pleasure.

True.

I appreciate it too, Nick.

Thank you, Andy.

And definitely try to take that girlfriend out on Valentine's Day.

I'm going to.

I think we should all, whatever you're doing for Valentine's Day, even if you don't have a Valentine, even if you're, let's say you don't have a Valentine, spend it with someone you love, spend it with a family member or friend.

Seriously.

Valentine's Day doesn't have to be a purely romantic thing.

It doesn't have to be about sexual love.

It can be about agape.

We're actually busy on Valentine's Day.

Oh, okay.

What are you guys doing?

You guys doing something together?

Yeah, we're going to go to the Edebivex.

Oh, what a romantic evening.

So we've got plans.

Oh, great.

All right.

We'll see you next time.

Thanks.

Bye.
