---
layout: page
title: 640. Ben Schwartz [https：⧸⧸cloudfront.wolfpub.io⧸CBB-640-20200212-Schwartz-RCv02-PW.mp3].mp3.wav
category: cbb 
---

♪♪♪ ♪♪♪ I stand on my father's shoulders and stare at my mom's big boulder holders.

Welcome to comedy bang bang.

Thank you to sludge thunder nuts.

Just when you thought the sentence itself was going to be the best part.

No, it's actually the name.

He reveals himself as sludge thunder nuts.

Welcome to comedy bang bang.

And you know what that intro music means.

You know what it means.

We are here for a little something that we like to call solo bolo, sonic-o-lo.

Solo bolo, sonic-o-lo.

That's right.

This is the fifth time we're doing it.

Fifth time we're doing it.

You know me, of course.

I am Scott Aukerman, the host of comedy bang bang.

The sauciest, of course.

The saucier saucers.

Oh, you asked me to call you the big daddy.

No, the biggest daddy.

The biggest daddy, right.

You called me big daddy.

I said, hey, big daddy.

Please call me the biggest daddy.

Okay, right.

And you know that voice.

If you're paying attention to movies that come out tomorrow.

He is that blue furry...

Is it a demon?

This is insane.

Come on.

This is a big movie for me.

You're going to ruin this for me?

Is it a demon?

You're going to house a pie sonic for me?

Is it a unicorn?

What is this thing?

You know what it is.

I have no idea what sonic is.

You've played the game before.

I have never played the game.

Sonic the...

It's a hedgehog.

I know that.

But I don't know what he is or what his deal is.

Oh, if we're going to get into the back story.

Oh, he's a hedgehog.

Oh, wait, it's right there in the title.

Is he a demon hedgehog?

What are you doing?

Why are you doing this?

Has he been possessed by Satan?

Why are you being mean?

He's a great hedgehog.

He's not been possessed.

He's a great hedgehog.

Well, how is he so fast?

Oh man, you got to watch the movie.

He's from a planet called Mobius in the video game.

So we use that.

Wait, so he's an alien?

You can call him an alien for the sake of the...

Why are you getting so upset at me for saying he's a demon?

An alien or a demon or the same thing?

Scott.

A demon?

A demon and an alien.

When people want to watch a demon...

Some would say that demons are just aliens who visit the planet Earth.

Oh, fuck, here we go.

That we have assigned the nomenclature of demon.

Oh my God, and you got to use nomenclature.

How do you feel?

I feel great about it.

♪ I'm feeling like bang bang into your mouth ♪ ♪ You know you got to bang bang into your mouth ♪ ♪ You know you want to ♪ ♪ But Scott likes to talk about demons ♪ ♪ Scott likes to talk about ♪ ♪ Scott ♪ Hey, can I tell you something?

I was watching...

I didn't introduce you, but go ahead.

Oh, go, give me a big intro.

All right, he is the voice of Sonic the demon hedgehog.

Start from the top.

He is the voice on the voice.

He's Pharrell.

Hey guys, it's me Pharrell.

Check out my big hat and my smooth grooves.

Remember that YouTube clip of me and Maggie Rogers?

Now she's a big star.

Isn't it weird that the thing he's most known for is his big hat?

Not even his music anymore.

He had a group called N.E.R.D., which is amazing.

I saw them live at concert.

You know, one of the best producers of the past 20 years, but we know him for his hat.

Hey, do you remember, did you see the video on YouTube where I think he went to NYU and Maggie Rogers, before she was Maggie Rogers.

Do you know Maggie Rogers?

I know who Maggie Rogers is.

They were everybody, all the students were playing their songs and Maggie played this song that I believe was called Alaska, I believe.

Alaska?

Maybe I'm wrong.

I don't know.

That's not one of the contiguous 50 states.

Don't tell Maggie that.

48 of me.

But they did it and it was so, like her song was beautiful and you just watch Pharrell be like, oh my goodness, this is, you're gonna be huge.

And then she became huge.

Did he have anything to do with it or was he just like, you're gonna be huge and then immediately forgot it the second he turned his head.

Well, I mean that kind of birthed that song.

I downloaded that song after I heard that.

You downloaded it?

I retweeted, I downloaded, I wanna support the arts and good, she seemed like such a good person.

You didn't get it on LimeWire?

No, I got it on Napster.

You know what the cool thing about Napster?

What's that?

It's neither a nap nor a stir.

Ladies and gentlemen, Ben Schwartz.

Ben Schwartz is here.

What are we doing?

Explain people who, okay, so let me start off.

You've already, people who.

We haven't done one of these in a while, so let's end people, we have new listeners.

Can we air out real stuff?

I don't know why we didn't.

I asked you many times and you kept saying you weren't mad at me.

Were you mad at me?

No, I was making the Between Two Ferns movie and it just seemed like a lot to be put on my plate to have to carry the show.

I'm sorry?

When we're together, you think you carry the show?

Of course.

In my press for Sonic, people have asked me about Comedy Bang Bang.

Have they really?

Yeah, for real.

And then they go with you.

For real?

The Big Hat?

Yeah, for real, the Big Hat, Maggie Rogers accomplice.

They're like, yeah, so why do you like the solo bows?

And I'm like, I like it because it makes Scott not be.

Pay attention.

A, pay attention, and B, not be the straight man for the whole thing.

Yes, I do enjoy this.

So let's explain what it is.

So approximately five years ago or so, you and I were doing a show and the show's format, if you haven't been listening for a long while, is I talked to a celebrity or someone like Ben Schwartz for the first 20.

How do I get shit on my own goddamn bolo?

For the first 20, 25 minutes of the show, we talk.

And Ben said to me during this episode, as we were throwing to another guest, we should do a whole episode, just the two of us doing this the entire time.

In front of a guest?

I would never have done that.

You probably did it in front of a guest.

Someone find the fact.

I think it's actually literally on the show.

We recorded it and you said it on the show.

Okay.

We said we would call it the solo bolo.

Someone make that a YouTube clip and animate it because I don't believe it.

Animated?

Yeah, I want to see it animated.

The most boring animated clip.

Someone find the most boring part of any of the solo bolos and animate it in a nice two minute feature.

As Sonic, I want him as Sonic.

Yeah, I'll do it.

I'll do the voiceover as Sonic right now.

So you'll redub the entire clip?

So this is the VO, right?

This is the VO.

To have our thing then.

Hey, what's going on?

It's me, Sonic the Hedgehog.

Introducing comedy bang bang solo bolo boring goes.

These are the most boring parts of solo bolo, two minutes straight.

And thanks for animating it.

Enter name here, here we go.

Scott Aukerman and Benny Schwab.

So that's your Sonic voice?

That's my Sonic voice.

Are you sure you don't want to redo it?

Like they redid the whole fur or whatever it was?

Or the teeth?

Talking about cats?

What's that?

You talking about cats?

No, I'm talking about Sonic.

You better be talking about cats.

Can I tell you what my first voice was?

It didn't go, give me a sentence to say to Sonic.

All right, so hey Sonic, how's it going?

Hey guys, what's going on?

You thought that would be the successful.

Yeah, gotta go fast.

Hey everybody.

How are you doing today?

I am a very slow hit hard.

I may talk slow, but I'm running fast.

Hey Scott.

Yeah.

What gets you hard nowadays?

Like real juicy, like real juicy.

You know, sex with my wife.

That gets you hard?

So you're soft going next?

I have sex first.

Wow, and then you jerk off?

Oh man, I'm so hard.

What do I do with this?

♪ Ah, bang bang into your wife ♪ ♪ Yeah now you're not up ♪ ♪ Bang bang into your wife ♪ ♪ You know you want to ♪ ♪ Get real hard by having sex ♪ ♪ Oh, then jerk off real soft ♪ So here's what you're gonna hear on this episode.

You're gonna hear no one.

Oh wait, can I say it before I forget it?

I saw Moulin Rouge the musical, you know I love musicals.

You're gonna explain this there.

And there's parts of it that felt like the musical Olympic, Olympic, what was it called?

Yes, we will be doing the Olympic Music Challenge.

Olympic Music Challenge.

In our third segment.

And by the way, on the Oscars the other night, Maya and Kristen sort of did a mini one.

Yes.

And a lot of people were saying, oh, that's a lot like what we do on the Solo Bolos.

Oh, wow.

So we are, in this episode, it's just gonna be Ben and I.

We're gonna be riffing off the top of our heads.

We may play a game at a certain point.

And then in the third segment, we will be doing something that we started on the first Solo Bolo.

There was Solo Bolo.

Okay.

Solo Bolo, dolo, solo, solo, solo, solo, solo, solo, solo.

When we got away from us.

And then this is Solo Bolo, Sonic, oh, Sonic, sorry.

Sonic the Hedgehog is coming out tomorrow.

And it sounds like Cinco-lo.

Exactly.

And before you turn off, let me say this, that Weird Iancovick has quoted.

Before you turn it off.

Before you turn off our podcast, let me say this.

Weird Iancovick called the Solo Bolos his favorite comedy bang bang episode-os.

Really?

Or, I don't know, in an article he just said there, he liked them.

In an article, he said he liked them.

You are really inflating.

He's like, oh, yeah.

He said they're the best things he's ever heard.

I think he said he heard them once.

Well, that's nice.

Al, always nice to know you're listening out there.

Oh, Al, if you're listening, we love you, baby.

I think maybe in one of our Olympic song challenges, which by the way, we'll explain those a little later, but I think we may have, I started singing a regular song and couldn't remember the real lyrics.

So you got the Weird Al lyrics.

I know more Weird Al songs than I do the real songs.

Yes, exactly.

Of course.

We'll be coming up a little later.

But before we get to that, man.

Oh, yeah.

We're doing the Sonic voice.

I gotta hear about this whole thing.

Last time you were on the show, about a month, five weeks ago, I wouldn't let you talk about Sonic because I wanted to save it for here because we got to fill up time.

What do you mean?

We could talk about anything.

Tell me about Sonic though.

Sonic is coming out this Valentine's Day.

I don't even know what it is.

It's coming out, it's out tonight.

This is Thursday, right?

Yeah, so it's out tonight.

It's out tonight and tomorrow.

This is a big old baby boy.

It's out tonight, tomorrow, and then you can find it anywhere.

That's it.

Two days, we did all this press for two days.

It was my first ever real life press tour where I was out for like a month doing press.

Yeah, that's fun.

It was a lot.

You were in England?

I feel like I gained a lot of weight.

I don't know how people stay, how you- Let me get a look at you, stand up.

Okay, here we go.

Now I'm gonna show you my sideways view.

Oh, that's your sideways view?

Now I'm gonna show you my legs.

Oh, okay.

Now I'm gonna show you my smile.

Okay, how about your spine?

Let me see that spine, baby.

♪ That spine, that spine, spine, spine ♪ ♪ Ooh, that spine's so dangerous ♪ ♪ And you know another spine don't can do this ♪ ♪ And you know another, that spine, that spine, spine, spine ♪ ♪ That spine, that spine, spine, spine, spine ♪ How did you get this job?

Because I, did someone reach out to you and say, is this an audition?

Are you offer only?

I'm gonna give you the exclusive.

Give me the exclusive.

My dad invented Sonic.

What?

Yeah, my dad is a gentleman who invented- What is your dad's name?

My dad?

Yeah.

Google it, Wikipedia.

Google it?

Google it's his name.

Google it, Wikipedia?

His name is Google it, Wikipedia.

Google it, Wikipedia?

Have you heard him?

I have not heard him.

No, you're gonna love him, he's a great dude.

He invented Sonic.

This is incredible.

Because one day he's like, wouldn't it be funny if hedgehogs were blue and ran fast?

And then someone goes, excuse me, sir?

And he goes, yes.

He goes, you just changed my life.

And that man's name?

What's that man's name?

Bing, Dr. Bing.

Dr. Bing?

Yeah.

And so who created the actual game?

Because it sounds like your dad just said, wouldn't it be funny if, and then another- It wouldn't be funny.

I got this, how I got the role.

You want the real scoop?

Yeah, I want the juicy goose?

I want two scoops.

I mean, he had five great appearances on Comedy Bang Bang.

Five, wow.

Was it five or four?

It might've been four.

All I know is the way that started was you go, do you want to play a publicist?

That- I don't even think it was that.

I said, do you want to be on the show?

And you said, yeah, let me play your publicist.

Great.

And then, and everything was improvised.

Yeah.

I was, I loved doing that.

I love doing those.

Those were so fun.

Some of the best episodes.

Another thing you produced that was all improvised for me was the- Bajillion properties.

That was so fun.

And that went around the internet made me so happy.

Did someone, someone recreated your scene?

Did you see that?

Yes.

Yes, that was really fun.

Check that out.

He's so happy.

Ben is on a show that I produced, Bajillion Dollar Properties that- With the cool appies.

With my ex-girlfriend, Cool App, who created it.

And you did a couple of scenes, one with Paul F. Tompkins and one with Ryan- Ryan Doll and Drew Tarver.

And Drew.

One with the improvisers.

And so, and that one with the three of you, some group of comedians who love the show, reenacted it shot for shot.

And it was really sweet.

Yeah, it's really nice.

A lot of people should use that as their audition scene.

basically we're just throwing a briefcase around while yelling at Ryan and Drew. So give me the two scoops of Raisin Bran.

This is what it is. How did, uh, So skip a little longer. Hold tight a little longer.

Burn down a little longer. Longer with big red- Oh, I thought that was Raisin Bran. Kellogg's Raisin Bran. It's very similar.

With two scoops comin', doin' and doin'. A two scoop's goin' on and on.

Why you doin'? Say goodbye a little longer. Say goodbye a little longer. Say goodbye a little longer!

With Raisin Bran! Okay, so, uh, Tim Miller, who directed Deadpool, Okay. I'm out. You're done. Okay, well, thank you so much for having me.

He directed the original Deadpool, Lovely Man. He also just did the new Terminator.

And so he had a meeting with me about a different project, and when I was there, there were all these Sonic dolls on someone's desk.

There were all these Sonic dolls on someone's desk. I think that's what it was. And he's like, Oh, we're putting together, talk about people from coming up in the comedy world, We're putting together a five minute short as a test to try to sell Sonic. A Sonic movie!

To try, just to sell it. Okay. So what's the putting together people up and coming in the comedy world?

What does that have to do with it? I didn't see- Oh, just like the idea of if you make a little thing, the idea of like if you want to sell a TV show, oftentimes I would make a small- I would spend a little money and film it.

They call it a sizzle reel. Oh, shit. Ladies and gentlemen, let me introduce you to Scott's sizzle reel.

Oh, the sizzle reel. Okay. So did he want you to- And that got you comedy bang bang? That was your sizzle? Yep. Wow.

Okay, so they said, oh yeah, we're doing this five minute thing. And I go, oh, and they knew that I did Dewey and Leonardo and stuff like that.

For DuckTales. For DuckTales. And they said, would you want to do us a favor? And would you want to- Oh, a favor!

That's how it all happens in Hollywood. Do us a favor and maybe we'll give you a big part.

And you know what happened? What's that? They did, baby. So I did it and it was just a three, three minute short maybe?

And they filmed it and they're going to include it on the Blu-ray or DVD or whatever they release it. Okay.

Which will be very exciting. That'll be amazing. It will be.

I can't wait to see that three minute short.

And you'll get to see what's on the collect even at the beginning before the movie part. Wow.

So I did it and then they told me it doesn't mean you're going to be at the movie.

So the impairment went through whatever their process was to try to find Sonic.

So who do you think they looked for who turned them down? I heard Daniel Day-Lewis. Really? Yes.

Would he have like painted himself blue like the Blue Man Group? I guess, yeah. Wow.

He's blue. Ya ba dee ba ba da. He's da ba dee ba ba da. You don't know that song? Ya ba dee ba dee ba. What is it?

Ya ba dee ba da. It sounds familiar. Do you not know that song for real? No, what is it? He's blue?

Keep talking. I'm going to get that song on my phone. Ya ba dee ba dee ba da ba. How are you putting in? Is it ya ba dee ba dee ba?

I don't know. Is there a way you can find it? Ya ba dee ba dee ba. He's blue. So regardless.

So then they went through the process and kept going back to the test and they kept loving how I played him.

So in the end, they're like, we should bend the guy.

And what is the what is the Sonic voice?

It sounds like you just emphasizing the most annoying parts of your personality.

No, no, no, of course not. So, of course, you know, for this big movie, we don't want people thinking that I'm just trying to be the most annoying part of my body.

No, what it is in my head when I read the script and after playing video games, I see him as an energetic kid, like a really excited 13 year old kid that never earned, I don't know what year, but kid.

So someone someone who has not undergone puberty yet. Yeah, because his voice is about to go through it.

So you think that the you hope that when people watch this the minute the title, the credits come up, don't do that. He goes through puberty and his voice gets deeper. Press the blues on quickly.

Say it quickly before Scott competes.

OK, skip to the chorus.

When you freestyle, do you say one time?

Just say one time like the Fugees did try to do a different thing.

All right. Hit him with the chorus one more time.

Here we go. Two times. Two times.

Stop it. So rap like lyrics, like if you're like, I'll give you a word. That's what I was doing.

No, you're saying two times. Now, I know what your head comedically wants to do in this next one.

OK, you cannot say three times. You can't say three times?

And you can't say any number and sonic times.

No, you can't say anything and times.

OK, nothing with times. Here we go. Freestyle Scott.

Okay, you're going to give me a word.

OK, sorry. Take off the beat. The word is four times.

Here we go. Five times. Five guys. Five guys.

Five guys. Burgers. Burgers.

Oh, wait, let me finish the story. Yeah, finish the story.

So they just said like, you know what?

We're tired. Everyone's turning us down.

Let's just get better. They didn't say that. They said they loved it so much and they love the idea that I bring heart to it and comedy to it.

So describe what you do because I've worked on some animated films.

Oh, God. Are you really going to name drop all your animated films?

I am not, but something called a Shark Tale.

Oh, yeah. Larry King was in that, wasn't he?

No, he was not. But I got to read with some of the actors sometimes, like Michael and Perioli.

Wow. From Sabronis.

We did Martin Scorsese and Robert De Niro and all that.

Oh, Martin Scorsese, the elephant with very big ears.

Yes, that's right.

Is that what I said in the comedy bang bangs?

So, by the way, Martin, if you're listening, he's a big comedy bang bang guy, right?

Oh, he loves it.

And he listens to just the solo bully.

He loves it. I was originally the Irish man.

Are you serious?

The Irish man.

That's insane.

Yeah.

And what happened?

How old were you?

I wasn't Irish enough.

Oh, of course.

Yeah.

And they didn't have that technology yet.

Can make you Irish?

Because I was 20.

And they were like, yeah, we can't make a baby.

What a bummer.

So, but the process is, is basically they stick you in a room.

The writers don't write anything.

And then they go, hey, improvise and we'll try to.

No, that's absolutely not true.

We had two incredible writers.

That was my experience.

Is that true?

No, we had a script, but I did get to improvise quite a bit because when we were there, Jeff Fowler, who directed it, he's like, I was like, oh, can we play?

And so we played as much because like the best thing wins.

And then I would even cause I was a little bit nerdy about it.

I would go in and before records asked to see what we did in the past.

Yeah.

See if I can think of anything funnier to do.

Oh, so you try to improve on previous scenes.

Yeah, just because I wanted it.

I really cared.

I wanted it to be good.

Yeah.

And is it good?

I really like it.

You've seen it already.

Have you not?

How am I supposed to see it?

Oh, because you see, because you and our friends and we're just like, let's do usually with like when I do press the like, let them see the movie first.

They did send me your other movie.

I haven't watched it.

Oh, God, you never see anything of mine. Let's see. Be honest.

OK, name something you've seen him.

Don't do it.

We talked.

No, we talked about this last time you were on the show.

I cannot think of anything you've ever been.

Honestly, you did mention Parks and Rec.

I was like, oh, yeah, he wasn't mad.

But how so lies?

This is where I leave you.

No.

What would I have seen that you've done?

That's right.

I guess none of those things are coming.

You know what I mean?

Like, nothing's like broken through through the mainstream until now.

Wow.

And you're a big mainstream guy.

I'm not all I'm all about the you're all about the mainstream music.

I'm about movies.

If it ain't popular, what's your favorite pop movie?

What's your favorite pop song?

My favorite pop movie?

Probably Dirty Grandpa.

Oh, that's about a grand pop movie.

Oh, I almost sounded like in Back to the Future when his father left.

You know, part of that.

Yeah, Chrisman Glover, of course.

Yeah.

Have you any love the show?

Chrisman Glover?

I know I was obsessed with him.

You know, there was a a spin article back in 1988.

I believe where he gave out his phone number.

And so I would call it all the time.

Shut up.

His answering machine.

And would you leave messages?

No, it was just you would listen to his answering machine messages.

Oh, yeah, that's exciting.

Yeah, I had that Latrell Sprewell someone gave me when I was a kid.

Latrell Sprewell when he was on the next phone number and I would call and it would be the most exciting thing I've ever heard in my life.

Yeah, I used to always talk about Chrisman Glover on Letterman saying I'm strong and I can kick.

My friend and I would always say I'm strong, I can kick.

That was his catchphrase.

So Sonic, you've seen it.

It's good.

It's it's you don't really like it.

I think you would like it too.

You have that guy from the Mr. Rogers.

Do you want to come there to premiere on Wednesday?

There's a premiere tomorrow.

Yeah, I'll go.

Yeah.

Would you?

I'll put you in the list.

Yeah, definitely.

I'll go.

Do you want me to get you two tickets?

Uh, I mean, let me yeah, let me yeah, I do.

I'm gonna have to do this for real next week.

Did another thing.

Yeah, please do.

But that guy from the Mr. Rogers Showtime show is in it.

The guy from the Mr.

Oh, Jim Carrey?

Yeah, Jim Carrey.

He's kidding.

You're talking about the show.

Kidding.

Come on, Jim.

Would you ever say to him on the set?

Would you like make a joke?

Go, Jim, you look like shit today and then go kidding.

I would you're in that or I would be like, oh my I'm going too fast.

Somebody stop me.

I would say that.

Really just Sonic say I'm going too fast.

Somebody stop me and there's another time because he wants to go fast.

Well, I'm taking a cigarette and then he goes, what are you doing?

And I say smoking and then he goes, what's your favorite number?

And I go the number 23.

So Sonic smokes a lot in the Sonic movie.

Well, no, not in the Sonic movie in between takes.

I'm sure he's doing between takes what he does smoke in the movie like a little bit, right?

Bring back the beat.

Here we go.

It's too late.

You blew it.

No, he doesn't have it.

Yeah, I don't want to hear it.

All right.

I just need your finger to be on the pulse.

What's it like working with Jim Carrey?

Okay, let me tell you how exciting this is.

I didn't I didn't get to so I'm in a booth by myself after the movies filmed.

Did you when you get there?

Do you go one for a booth?

What do you mean?

So the people in charge of the recording?

Yeah, just take me through what that means.

Just one for a booth.

They'll take me through that.

You know, when you go to a restaurant, you go to for a booth.

At the table. Yeah, you think Scott in this 90 million dollar movie very professional film when I go to the very professional atmosphere very professional atmosphere.

You're not joking around you go one for a booth.

I go in there and I say, excuse me, ma'am.

May I have one for a booth?

First of all, how dare you think it's a woman?

That's that's handling how dare.

I think it's a woman stop it Scott.

What stop it?

I didn't think it was a woman the beat back now.

Oh my God, you're a mess.

You're a mess.

You can't even fix it in post Ryan.

I'm never going to forget this episode.

You just killed solo Bolos what no don't say that every time you say this by the way, all the other ones you say at the end. You're going to tell me forever and do another one used to do that.

I don't know that's like I don't remember that but so what's it like working with Jim?

Oh, so I didn't get to but I did get to go to set and I met him and he was very lovely.

He like he connects with you looks you right in the eyes talks to you and I did you do scenes with him as Sonic or did you know you're not listening?

I guess so.

I just all my stuff is in post in a booth and yeah, I know but did but sometimes an actor wants to work with the actual right. So let me hit let me stop.

Let's sorry.

So somebody stop me.

What do you mean?

I don't know.

Oh, so so you're saying there's what is this?

What are you trying to say?

Right now?

There's a pants.

Is that what it says?

What's his famous line?

So you saying there's a pants so you're saying there's a pants one of my odds one one in a hundred more like one a million.

So you're saying there's a pants so I didn't meet him but I got to be I met him just once when I did when I visited the set in Vancouver, but I read the script a bunch of times.

I did it with James a couple times and recorded it.

So Jeff Fowler director had it.

So was it all your parts totally done by the time he did his part?

So I do my parts after they do all their past or his so we I see their actual footage and I do it.

So the only thing I don't see is what Sonic looks like while I'm doing got it and they animate me because they put dots on my face and they put a camera in my face and they all my expression of one of my dots of joy dots of love like ice cream dots or Sharpie dots.

They're still my face.

Oh, I wondered.

I thought you had chicken box.

Yeah, I know I put Dippin dots over the regular dots.

So so you met Jim once and was Jim once and then during press and met him and he's been so lovely and it makes me very happy to that's wonderful.

I cannot wait to see I mean the two of you together that is a comedic dream team.

I can't wait for you to thank you for saying that I can't wait for you to treat you to movie.

I can't wait for you to talk to her about that again.

Yeah, you two to tour.

I I don't have children myself so I cannot experience the joy that they would have by the way.

Speaking of children you can enjoy Sonic by yourself.

I could although I'd seem like a weirdo wouldn't I know just sitting there in the middle of a kid's movie just me kids movie.

How dare you?

Why is this?

It's a four quad.

This is as many quadrants as you got dude speaking of kids though.

I saw a video of you today of you in England doing this prank on these stupid little kids.

You basically like you they were animating you and you were live behind a screen doing it as Sonic.

And these kids would come up and they thought it was just like you're calling them stupid and they you pranked them so hard.

I wasn't trying to prank them so hard.

Fools.

I didn't want to believe they signed the releases.

Okay, it's it's not it's it's not that they knew what they were getting into they knew what they were getting into kids as I can tell you this what I learned what's that prank shows don't work in England at all.

Why everybody doesn't want to engage their to pull it too polite.

It was crazy.

It was very hard.

And then I asked and someone was like, yeah, you know, they tried to bring them the impractical Joker.

practical Joker's yes to the UK Joker's and it just didn't it just did not not like a version for the UK and it just didn't work.

It just didn't work because so they don't have prank shows.

That's so weird.

They must they must have some price.

So is it chill?

It was for children knows during the day.

I'm sure yeah, everybody it was during the day.

That's an important detail that you want to let everyone know that you know that you so when people watch this video of you just pranking the shit out of these little kids making it sound like I'm like terrible things to them.

They're you want people to know that it's approximately what 12 p.m.

1 p.m.

2 p.m.

Yeah, let's go.

I'm not I'm not do they ever pan over to a clock or what exactly if you look in the background, maybe there's a clock or something like that.

You know what I mean?

Or someone says hey the 2 p.m.

Showing is starting or something like that.

So they cut to someone saying I don't know why I'm harping on this so much Scott.

Why are we still talking about?

I don't know but it's a wonderful video.

Hey you beat.

Let's go.

Tell me about your other movie that's standing up on it.

So listen, I'm this is one that I really want to talk about because first of all, it follows a failed Santa comedian a second ball.

It's me and Billy Crystal and and what is what is Billy play Billy plays because you're the family and obviously I am by the way, you're joking about it, but I do play the failed Santa pretty.

Okay, and then we watch McCall it then it's like a he but he gives an incredible performance.

So it's you and Billy Crystal.

Yes, you you don't you would never met Billy Crystal before is that right?

I met Billy Crystal.

Is this your card?

No, I'm sorry.

You look marvelous.

So you were wrong Marvel.

Will you tell him that I used to say you look marvelous in 1985 a lot.

Did you yes, of course you were a mouse.

Oh, you're great at it.

I would say it all the time.

What's the character name that it is Fernando?

That's correct.

He was lovely.

He's unbelievable.

And I like the movie.

I really like the way that movie.

So this is like a this is a drama or a comedic drama.

Can I tell you something?

I don't care.

Well, no this I hope I don't screw up the story Peter Hoare who's a writer don't okay.

It's very tempting.

H-O-A-R-E.

It's too tempting.

Get one out get one out you dirty fucking whore.

Oh my God.

Christ, God.

I was the Irishman.

I guess okay.

So Peter Hoare, I believe he wrote the script.

He wrote a great script and he's from Long Island in New York and then one when they're figuring out who to cast.

I believe he was listening to Comedy Bang Bang one of our episodes and he's like Ben Schwartz should be this guy.

Ben Schwartz should be the guy.

Peter if you listen to this, can you can you respond to Twitter or whatever?

Call in right now.

But yeah, I wish we should call him.

He would love to explain that story and he said I was listening to you on Comedy Bang Bang.

I was like, oh my God.

I was like failed stand-up comedian.

This is the guy and so he recommended me and then they got Billy attached and they gave a couple names to Billy and Billy chose me.

Billy chose you.

Why did he know your work or was he just like oh, he knew maybe part of a member of the tribe.

Yeah, because I'm Jewish.

They sent him a bunch of stuff of mine and he said he knew he the way he explains which is very nice is he knew it could be funny but then he watched a short film called I'm a mitzvah which is directed by Ben Berman and he said I know Ben of course, he's lovely.

Comedy Bang Bang TV show the first 40 episodes and he did that amazing Jonathan documentary just came up, but he saw that and he's like, oh we can do the drama part 2 and then he goes that's the guy I want.

So we had a meeting and he that's it.

Wow crazy.

And so what's he like would he like pretend to host the Oscars the entire time or well, yeah, he would go.

How does the beginning of the song go?

Oh, man.

I wish I remember.

But it was a missed a Saturday night.

Oscar Oscar Oscar who will win?

Yeah.

That's what he did when I came in.

Did he do like was he was he fun to hang out with was a segment called did he do did he do did he do did he do did he do did he do like characters and stuff like that to amuse you or was he just always oh he was we talked about the script.

We talked about what we want to change in the script.

We have very similar ideas.

You want to change.

I wanted more did he do's of course, so there's a whole segment.

There's a whole did he do and did he come?

Okay.

Do you know what did he Kong is did he Kong is yes.

I played did he Kong when I was play Sonic the Hedgehog but you played Donkey Kong when you're talking me and video games.

It has to be GoldenEye or did he Kong or Mario Kart Racers from 95 to 97.

I got racers who calls it America racers.

It was Super Mario Kart.

Yeah.

Yeah, whatever it was or it has to be Rock Band from approximately 2004 other than that.

I have no idea what rock band I bought it and never played it.

I want to hold your hand.

I want to hold your hand and when you hold my hand, I feel so hard and when I'm hard, I like to look at you in the eyes in the eyes.

Oh you so wait.

What's the thing?

The thing you do?

Can we go seamlessly for that thing?

I want to hold your hand.

This is the Olympic thing.

We're doing it later.

Tell me about Billy though because I don't even know what the the concept of the movie is.

Who does he play?

I play this gentleman who is in LA and keeps failing stand-up doesn't have enough money.

So I moved back home with his parents in Long Island.

Billy Crystal is your parent.

No Billy Crystal plays a dermatologist who is an alcoholic and no joke guy dermatologist is an alcoholic and is going through a lot of struggles in his own life.

And then I'm struggling my life.

We meet at a bar and we start leaning on each other and we you know what?

I can't believe I say this but I mean, I think I learned my character learns from him.

His man his character learns from you.

Oh shit.

Now you got that something bigger.

So that's great.

And it's out of the last musical you did on stage.

Oh my God.

Oh, I'll tell you after the show.

I can't say it.

No.

Okay.

I got offered a role in a musical.

Oh boy.

I can't wait to hear what it is.

I was too nervous.

Mike the last one I did was proud.

Was it?

You know what?

It was in Indiana.

Indiana Jones.

Yeah.

It was Indiana Jones musical.

Yeah snakes.

Why's it gotta be snakes?

Throw me the whip.

The dog's name is Indiana.

It was pretty good for two.

Hammond, Indiana.

It was probably Aladdin.

It was not the Disney sanctioned Aladdin.

It was a off-brand Aladdin.

Sing it.

I don't even remember but sing yours.

I got to hear for real.

I don't remember what the songs were.

Come on, man.

I also did a I do remember fuck that.

I know I literally don't that it actually might have been a genie.

Were you a genie, but it might have been a play.

So you had to sing one up.

Why no, it was not the Disney one.

So you had to sing that the Disney one had come out though one year previous and so we were doing Aladdin for kids, but it was not the real Aladdin that they expected to see it was like so they're very disappointed.

Yeah, but we also did a Christmas musical which.

I had a lot of standard Christmas songs, but the last real musical I did it to it.

I want to hear this would have been Oklahoma.

Let me hear one track from it.

Oh, Oklahoma where the wind comes sweeping down the plain Oklahoma where the waving wheat who sure looks sweet when the wind comes right behind the rain Oklahoma where the wind and then we talk when the waves been sweeping up the sky, you know, we belong to the land and the land we belong to is where and when we oh wow, I thought I was doing a bit to make you keep going to this stuff, but I do miss doing a musical.

I would love to do I would love to do one and we should do one together.

We should do the Little Shop of Horrors still say we do that that we keep talking about and can I say we should play every role Little Shop of Horrors.

We should do a solo Bolo Hororo's so we're every scene is a two-person and we switch and basically whatever character we're doing show is wearing a specific hat and we can barely prepare for it.

Oh, by the way, talk about great musicals with hats.

There's a musical.

Oh, yeah.

I mean, this is what I've been waiting for talking about great musicals with a cat with a cat.

And Scott Brown made a musical Gutenberg the musical which I love that went up at the upright Citizens Brigade Theatre really because I've seen Anthony King's Beetlejuice musical and it's very good and both that thing Scott Brown.

I think it did it too and it's great but this Gutenberg thing they so imagine me a little baby intern.

Okay, so I was interning or maybe I was performing at UCB and I saw them in New York at Chelsea and they put up this thing on a slot and it was so good.

It was so good really and then they got it off Broadway and then they got other people to do it.

It was great.

They got big people to be the Gutenberg app.

But if you look online, I bet you can find it but I love that interesting.

I will say switch hats.

Oh, I'm sorry.

The only reason is they play all great musicals with hats.

Thank you.

I was wondering I will say the last musical I did was I did a just told me is Oklahoma.

No, but I did a comedy musical here in town when I started doing comedy here in town with like you're in town of Tompkins and Bob Odenkirk was in it and it was the fun bunch meets Frankenstein and the Wolfman.

Was there anybody that wasn't white and male in it?

Oh, of course not.

No, Rachel.

Rachel Quain's was it.

She was the romantic lead Paul and her had the scenes together.

We wrote Ebb and Shillett wrote all the music for how cool.

Yeah, it was very good.

That was that was the very last time I was singing on stage professionally.

Well, I say if we do it, we don't really prepare.

Okay, we maybe go over the songs once or twice, but I think it's more fun.

Let's do it in an hour right after the show is done.

All right.

I mean I have pressed but I guess I can just cancel it.

All right.

Look we need to take a break standing up falling down is coming up falling down next week.

Yeah comes on the 21st today.

Sonic's out today.

And by the way, I like it a lot and we've been I really like it.

I'm going to go to this premiere and I'll let everyone know what I think of it.

I'll email right now during the break and see if we have any tickets left.

All right, we'll be right back with more Solo Bolo Sonic-Olo after this.

Comedy bang bang.

We are back here.

Solo Bolo.

So, Sonic-Olo.

Ben Schwartz is here with me and Ben, I know look we can't have another Solo Bolo where we discuss the Riddler game and who came up with it.

Riddler game.

Every time.

What is it?

Every time we talk about it.

Take me through what it is.

You created it and then you always forget what it is.

Where do I go?

Riddle me this?

It's really yeah, it's Riddle me this.

What do I do?

It's based.

We're not going to play it.

Just tell me what it is.

I'm saying we can't have another conversation like this.

And then we won't play it.

All right.

It's a game where by the way, do we have the theme song?

Do we have the Riddler theme song?

We have a whole theme song and you never remember what it is.

Have you played it with other people?

Yeah.

Yeah all the time.

I always want to avoid this conversation.

But no money for the shit I do with this goddamn show.

It's the Riddler or Riddle me this.

Riddler or Riddle me this.

Or you could just play the blue.

Is the theme song right now.

Here we go.

Riddle me this.

Thank you so much Kevin for my tea.

Is the theme song and Ryan has found it and he's going to play it right now.

Ryan he's cursing Scott off.

He's not happy.

He's here we go.

We don't have it.

I told you it's not fucking real.

It is real.

But then sing it.

I don't want to sing the actual song.

Sing it.

But I was going to say let's play a different song because since our last game a different.

Yeah, let's play a different game because since our last solo Bolo solo Quattro.

Lolo Quattro.

Lo I created a game for another podcast that you call three don't call.

Oh, can someone's fact check cares and it was really fun.

And this is a game cares that I thought I really wanted to play with you at some point.

I'd love to play it.

Is it another one that I invented this is no this is one that I just said I invent guys.

Can be so boring.

This is a game called pitch a sit song.

I love it.

I fucking love it.

I love it Scott.

So here's what it is.

You still got it man.

A lot of people like since Bob and David.

What?

Yeah, I'm David.

Yeah, you've been really sure Netflix.

No, no, no since when you did Mr.

Show since 98 you lost it.

I lost it, but I think 30 years later 95.

Okay.

So here's what it is.

One of us says the title of a sitcom or a TV show made up a real real TV show.

Oh, I loved it.

Okay, Scott.

I know where you're going.

I love it.

The other person you don't know where I'm going.

Oh has to sing it the other know the other person hat comes up with a title that where every word is the opposite of the word in the previous title.

So give me an example because you've lost me.

What's a what's a title of a perfect strangers imperfect relatives.

Okay.

So that every word is like the opposite of what it is and then you have to the person who does that title has to come in and pitch that as a show whatever that is and then the new songs and but at the end also has to say by the way, there's a theme song and sing a made-up theme song for it.

This is so intricate.

Yes, it's gonna be so long.

So who do you want to pitch first or do you want someone who invented the game is probably better for you to I can pitch first if you like.

Yeah, that makes sense.

Okay.

So give give me a real shows title.

Okay, so I'm going to start you're just going to give me a wreck a real TV.

Okay, you're a real TV.

I'm going to pitch to you try to lend it so it could be easy to do the opposite.

Yeah, or whatever.

Yeah.

Okay.

So I have a I have the family matters.

Okay now from now on I'm playing the executive now you're the executive.

Hey, how are you Scott?

Love it to see you.

Hey, thanks so much.

Thanks so much for Sam.

Very excited to pitch.

I can't wait to hear say I've heard that you lost it since Mr.

Show.

So I'm excited to see what you got.

Can you wait though?

Because I'm not ready right now.

If that's we only have like one minute you sure you only have one minute for the pitch.

It what do we got?

This is like a 20-minute pitch that I would have to hear Dan quickly man.

It's now you have 58 seconds.

Okay.

This is a show called strangers anti matter.

I'm sorry strangers anti matter.

That's off of that's off of it's off of what we always family matters.

Okay, but what's the opposite of family strangers?

Strangers anti matter Strangers anti matter.

Oh, I'd love to hear what's it about?

Okay, basically, this is Rangers anti matter a group of scientists, but they're all on seven different continents.

Oh, wow.

They've never met each other.

Wow.

Okay, so there's one on North America.

There's one South America Africa.

You have my attention the rest kid the rest and including Antarctica baby.

Oh, wow.

I love it.

There's one who's freezing today.

It's yeah, it's getting hotter and hotter because global warming you believe in global warming, right?

We have to do with the world is flat, but I believe in global warming.

Okay, interesting.

So these scientists they've never met each other and they're all studying antimatter, which of course is the absence of matter, right?

There's no matter.

It's like a black hole if you will and there's an antimatter cloud coming to towards Earth like Armageddon you have my attention and it's going to swallow up everything all of existence and nothing is going to exist anymore.

So what are these strangers do these strangers?

They have to figure out how to travel through space to blast the antimatter cloud with a matter cloud and they've never met each other and guess what?

They don't get the fuck along.

So it's Armageddon.

They it's Armageddon.

Yeah, can I hear the theme song?

Oh, yeah.

Here we go.

One two three strangers.

They've never met strangers.

Yeah, you bet.

They go out in space.

They're not getting fatter because there's nothing to eat.

It's strangers antimatter.

It's Armageddon, but we changed a couple details.

Oh, yeah.

I'll buy it.

You're gonna buy it.

That was an incredible theme song.

Thank you.

So it will reach a series offer.

It was kind of based on Star Trek.

Well, we are like, what's the uh, your Netflix?

Yes, a series.

I saw a whole series.

You have to pitch a series.

Yeah.

No, that's the series.

Oh, you got it.

You got it.

That was episode one.

We'll give you two seasons.

Oh, yes.

That was great.

By the way, that theme song was amazing.

I mean, did you prepare?

No, of course.

I didn't prepare you.

How would we what if we had scripted this?

This whole thing before we got here.

All right.

If you want to do right now that all these syllables have been tightly scripted.

We're going to do it.

So upset.

I would love to thank you for allowing me to be in the room.

I want to pitch you a show.

Can you give me the words please?

Law and order special victims unit.

Man, it's law and order.

Okay, so it's um, you send in Ben, please.

Hey, how are you?

So nice to meet you.

I saw Sonic the other day.

Oh, what do you think?

I was so into it and I was like, we got to get whoever did this voice in here to pitch a show because I really want to make sure that this is incredible because this isn't me doing this isn't me doing voiceover.

This is this is you'll do a little bit of voiceover, right?

Like, you know, like if your characters ever back his turns, oh, yeah, you'll do some ADR, right?

You're not you don't have a thing in your contract where you won't do ADR.

Yeah, yeah.

Yeah.

Yeah, of course.

When you go to do ADR, do you ever say one for a booth?

What do you mean?

I don't know.

I have a show.

Do you mind if I pitch it to you?

Oh, yeah, I would love for you to pitch a show.

What's it called?

It's called Anarchy and Disorder, Normal Healthy Person.

Anarchy and Disorder, Normal Healthy Person.

All right, look, it's an intriguing title.

I got to say.

It's called Anarchy and Disorder, Normal Healthy Person.

Normal Healthy Person.

Okay, so the whole idea is that we Earth cut to...

Oh, I love Earth.

Modern day Earth.

It's my favorite plant.

Oh, you're gonna love it.

If you love Earth, then love us.

What are we cutting from?

Cut to this exact pitch is going to be in the show.

Oh, and then we cut to Earth?

A big old thing of Earth.

Okay.

And what you have right now is the world is a vampire.

Oh, okay.

That sounds like poetry.

Yeah, and it things are going crazy.

It is Anarchy.

The world is in disorder.

Everything is going crazy.

It's almost like a zombie apocalypse.

People don't know what's going on.

Is it like zombies meets the purge?

It's exactly that.

Whoa.

It's exactly that.

And then there's only one person that can save it.

And it's this one guy and his dog, right?

Okay.

One guy and his dog.

And there's Anarchy.

Okay.

Total Anarchy.

But it sounds a little like I am legend.

Well, let me finish.

The guy is played by Will Smith, right?

Well, all right, let me finish.

The dog is played by Will Smith.

Oh, okay.

So it's like a Gemini man, but he's playing a dog for one of his characters.

That's exactly right.

He's the voice of the dog and he's also himself Will Smith.

Okay.

Okay, and he gets there and everybody's like, well, we're gonna need a special person to do this.

And they go, all we got is this fricking normal healthy guy.

Normal healthy?

Normal healthy person.

They go, we need a whole special unit.

They go, no, we have this normal healthy person.

We just have one normal healthy guy.

Yeah, and that's kind of it.

And so- Wait, that's kind of it?

Well, no, let me tell you what happens.

Oh, okay.

So he goes and in each episode it tackles a different part of the Anarchy becoming normal and trying to retain order.

So he's like Judge Dredd kind of character.

Yeah, except for there's no- They're like when they fuck, they fuck.

It's not triangles.

That's the only thing that's different between this and Judge Dredd is that they fuck.

Is it when they fuck they actually fuck?

It's not these triangles that- Let's see, because we are the Playboy channel.

And so I'm glad that we're finally getting to what our viewers will be interested in.

Oh, I love your stuff.

Thank you so much for having me.

So you're in this though?

I mean, if you need me to be in it, I can do the voice of like, I can do the voice of somebody's penis hole when they're having sex.

So let me hear what that would sound like.

Hey, my boy, this sounds good.

Here we come.

I love this, but you know, I don't think I can buy it without a theme song.

Well, you're in luck.

Oh boy.

We have a theme song.

You have a theme song?

Yeah, we have a theme song.

What's it sound like?

I just have to remember what the name of this show is.

Oh, okay.

You want to hear a theme song?

I want to hear a theme song right now.

Okay, countdown from 10.

10.

Countdown from 5.

5.

Countdown from 6.

6.

Keep going.

5.

Huh?

Countdown.

Countdown, please.

I'm ready to sing the theme song.

5, 4, 3, nose, 1.

♫ You got some anarchy, but you got some fucking disorder.

♫ ♫ You think you need a special dude. ♫ ♫ Well, you're wrong! ♫ ♫ Here comes a normal, healthy person. ♫ ♫ A very normal from Meduto. ♫ ♫ You got a normal, healthy person. ♫ ♫ If you didn't know a motherfucker, ♫ ♫ now you know we got a Will Smith as a human ♫ ♫ and a Will Smith as a dog. ♫ ♫ And if you don't think about this too much, ♫ ♫ then motherfucker, your brain is in a fog ♫ ♫ talking about anarchy and disorder, anarchy and disorder. ♫ ♫♫♫ It's fucking Randy Newman. Randy Newman wrote that.

We're the Playboy Champ. Newman got in on this?

Newman's gonna be playing every other character.

Oh, I should have said that. Randy Newman is every character that Will Smith is not.

Shit.

Oh, thank you for having me.

Alright, thanks. Bye.

That was a great game.

Yeah, baby.

That was fun, right?

I really liked that.

Did we ever find the Riddler theme song?

Or did we ever find out that there's a Cin-Collo or not a Cin-Collo?

Here we go.

This is the theme song to Riddle Me This.

Riddler.

Oh, this is a good song.

Riddler.

Who is that?

That was a good song.

That's a good song.

That's a really good song.

That's Peanut Butter, Mr. Peanut Butter.

I think Mark Gagliardi is one of those people, I believe.

And Mr. Peanut Butter, no?

Mr. Peanut Butter, of course.

Do you want to play Riddle Me This?

How do you play it?

Okay, so it's...

This is the game I invented?

Yes.

And then every time I tell you the rules, you say that you'd never invented it.

I don't think I've ever invented it.

I'm going to Google Cin-Collo, keep going.

Okay, so here's what it is.

One of us says something that sounds like a riddle, and then the other person has to guess what the punchline would be.

Oh, okay.

Give me an example.

Okay, so why...

No, what do you get when you...

This is a great game.

What do you get?

This is a great song.

That's a pretty good song.

What do you get when you cross a piece of paper with a frog?

What do you get?

No, you have to say with the punch ladies.

Oh, okay.

What do you get when you cross a piece of paper with a frog?

Paper guts.

Why would it be paper guts?

Because you sliced open a frog?

Sliced open a frog?

That was not part of it.

Okay, so now let me give you one.

Okay, here we go.

What do you get when you mix Gatorade with Aretha Franklin?

Gatorade with Aretha Franklin.

This is a great game.

Whoever invented it.

You get...

Of course, you get...

E-L-E-C-T-R-O-L-Y-T-E-S.

That's what it means to me.

That's what I would have said.

Really?

Yep, that's exactly what I had.

Give me one more.

We're on a roll now.

All right.

Call me butter because I'm on a roll.

Why did the person say call me butter because I'm on a roll?

So you're asking me to riddle the...

Like get into the psychology of this real fucking weirdo.

So why did the person say call me butter because I'm on a roll?

Because...

He...

Because...

And what was the question?

Why did this person say that?

Because he want...

He's yeasty.

Because he's yeasty.

He's yeasty.

Because he's yeasty?

Because if he...

Because...

Listen.

Because...

Oh, I got it.

Okay, say it.

Why did the person say call me butter because I'm on a roll?

Because he's not a hero.

Yeah, I need a hero.

Here we go.

I need a hero to eat when I'm hungry at night.

And it's gotta be...

And it's gotta be fresh.

And it's gotta be poppy seeded.

I need a hero.

Giro.

I need a giro to put just slice up the fucking meat.

And it's gotta be...

And that's of course how we play Riddle Me This.

Theme song.

Here we go.

Riddler.

Oh, this is a good song.

Riddler.

That was a good song.

It's a pretty good song.

That's a good song.

That's a really good song.

Ben, do you have a game?

Yeah, I have a game.

What do we got?

It's called Say Your Social Security Number.

Okay, it's 983...

Wait a minute.

I don't mind for real.

I don't care.

0463949.

Porty-night?

Alright, do you have a game?

Yes.

Alright.

It's called Guess That Number.

Guess That Number.

Okay.

And I want to do it for real.

There's no cheating.

Alright.

We're gonna start with a span.

Yes, 1 through 100.

1 through 100.

And we count down from 3 and we say it.

We have 3.

You...

We say it.

Okay?

Okay.

The number changes every single time.

So we do 1, 2, 3.

You guess the number.

1, 2, 3.

A whole number.

And you're always the one who has the number?

No, we say them at the same exact time.

Oh, okay.

And we see if we ever get it right.

We get 5 tries.

Okay.

5 tries.

And the goal is...

It's like the 5 guys, but this is with tries.

Right.

Okay, very good.

And it's 1 through 100 and it can be anything.

And we see if we ever get it on the 5 tries.

Yes.

I think we can do it.

Alright, here we go.

Ready?

Okay, ready?

3, 2, 1. Then say it.

Then the number.

3, 2, 1. 72.

3, 2, 1. 18.

3, 2, 1.

47.

3, 2, 1.

38.

3, 2, 1.

100.

We never did it.

Let's do it.

Damn.

Let's do it again.

I love it.

Alright, here we go.

I love they have to change it every time.

Okay, ready?

Alright.

3, 2, 1.

99.

3, 2...

Wait, you said 16.

16.

3, 2, 1.

5.

16.

3, 2, 1.

16.

Yeah, we did it.

Let's actually play the 3, 2, 1 though that we played on the show where we...

What's that?

Did I invent that?

That's where each of us...

I need a gyro.

You didn't invent it.

It's kind of an old game, but each of us separately thinks of a word in our heads.

Yeah.

And then we say 3, 2, 1 and we each say what that word is.

And then we have to then...

Oh yeah, I played this with you before.

Do the combination of those words or something that those words has in common or something like that.

And eventually we get to it.

Alright?

Okay.

Tell me you got one.

Alright, I got one.

Do we usually play this many games of solo bolo?

Yeah, we do.

Alright, here we go.

Ready?

And...

You have one?

Yeah.

3, 2, 1.

Bullfrogs.

Bullfrog and mayonnaise.

Alright.

3, 2, 1.

Frogs legs.

Frogs legs and Budweiser.

Alright, here we go.

Ready?

Are people enjoying this?

Yeah.

Frogs legs and Budweiser.

3, 2, 1.

Super Bowl.

Super Bowl and Louisiana.

If only I knew more about sports.

I could ace this.

There is one. It's also a religious reference.

Uhhhh...

Okay.

3, 2, 1.

Saints.

Yay!

Bang bang into your mouth.

You kind of cheated by me saying it's also a religious reference.

Well, but I was thinking of the Saints before then.

But they were New Orleans.

Oh, and the Saints.

Go marching in.

The most lugubrious.

Oh, and the Saints go marching in.

I wanna be.

I be in that number.

When the Saints go marching in.

And I got a debate.

I mean, not yet.

Not yet.

No, we're not doing the Olympic Song Shouts.

You wanna do one more of those?

Yeah. Ready?

Ummmm...

Whatever it is. Go.

3, 2, 1.

Monopoly.

Son.

Monopoly.

And son.

Monopoly and son.

Ready?

3, 2, 1.

House.

Family and house.

Okay.

Uhhhh...

Ready?

Yep.

3, 2, 1.

Kids.

Living room.

3, 2, 1.

And 1.

Kids.

Kids and living room.

Here we go.

3, 2, 1.

Christmas tree.

Oh, God. You're so not Jewish.

Christmas tree and games.

I'm not Jewish.

Christmas tree.

I gotta put my Jewish filter on next time we play the game.

Please.

Christmas tree and games.

Now I have to try to, just like you couldn't think of sports, what's a Christmas game that people play?

Uh huh.

Okay, I got a Christmas game. Ready?

3, 2, 1.

Church.

I'm sorry. I put my Jewish filter on it.

And I said church.

Okay, dreidel.

Okay, we got it.

3, 2, 1.

synagogue.

Wait, you said God?

I thought you were saying God.

Church?

Like you're shortening synagogue.

Okay, so you got Rabbi?

Synagogue? No, synagogue and God.

No, I said God.

Oh, synagogue and God.

Okay, we got it.

3, 2, 1.

Rabbi.

What'd you say?

Yahweh?

What's Yahweh?

Isn't that God?

L'Shem? What are you talking about?

Yahweh and Rabbi.

Okay, Rabbi and...

And Yahweh.

We're so far...

Okay, just get generic out of here.

3, 2, 1.

religion.

Pray, religion.

I'm going back to your religion.

Here we go.

Alright, guess my guy too.

3, 2, 1.

communion.

Communion and Jesus.

Wait, wait, wait.

Okay.

3, 2, 1.

wafer.

Wafer and body.

It's the same thing.

Because the wafer is his body.

No, we'll give it to you.

Just so it ends.

Unless you got another one.

Wafer and body.

No, let's finish it.

Wafer and body.

Alright, here we go.

Wafer and body.

3, 2, 1.

Christ.

Okay, eat Christ.

Okay, we're getting closer.

Eat Christ.

But we've already done wafer.

Ready?

3, 2, 1.

wine.

Yeah.

Oh, we're so close on each one.

Alright, wine and blood.

3, 2, 1.

wine.

Red.

Would you say cum?

Cup.

Cup, red.

Cup and red.

But we've already said wine.

Cup and red.

And we already said wine and blood.

Cup.

I can't believe people are listening to this.

I'm so sorry.

What?

Cup and red.

Here we go, ready? Cup and red. 3, 2, 1 coke. Coke and fruit punch. We're so close. 3, 2, 1 cherry. When you mix all the stuff together. Cherry and suicide. Okay, I got one!

White stop! Cherry and suicide. 3, 2, 1 chocking. Choking and pills. This is never gonna end! Choking and pills.

Here we go. Wait, you have one for choking? Sure. 3, 2, 1 fish oil. Jesus Christ. Because fish oil are the big pills that make you choke. Swallow and fish oil. Swallow and fish oil. 3, 2, 1 birds. Fishing and birds. Hold up. Birds and fishing. Here we go. 3, 2, 1. Pelican. Pelican and worm.

Pelican and worm. 3, 2, 1 eat! Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! Solo Bolo Sonic-O-L-O! I'm excited. I'm exhausted.

Alright, we need to go to a break. When we come back we're gonna do the Olympic song challenge. Oh my God. If you thought that was exhausting, come on back. We'll be right back with more Solo Bolo after this.

Comedy bang bang, we are back with the Solo Bolo Sonic-O-L-O and it is time. Let me explain. Wait, did we ever have a Sin-Colo? Did we find out? Did we have a Sin-Colo? We did, I told you we had a Sin-Colo. So this should have been Se-Solo but now it's Sonic-O-L-O. Okay. I wonder what 7 will be called. If we ever get there. If we ever get there. Alright, let me explain the concept of the Olympic song challenge.

By the way, Scott, that means we've done this 6 times.

Amazing. That's insane. When did we start doing it? How many years ago? Was that first? Can you believe? Out of 600 episodes or so?

We've done this 1% of the time.

Shit. But look, I mean, as episodes, 1% of something is a lot of something. I don't know when the first time we did it but it was I think. It was early on. It was when you were in the radio station. Yeah, so it was the first year.

Alright, so let me explain the Olympic song challenge. I think you're great. Before we get into this, I think you're great. I think you're great too. What it is, is one of us will start a song, singing a song, and then the other person will sing along with each other but then the other person will sing along with each other.

But then the other person has to launch into a different song that is somewhat related to the previous song. Now it can be related either in a word in the previous song made you think of this song or it's the same word or it can be the same artist or it can even be somewhat musically related or just something about it. Something about it.

And you're trying to keep the beat going. It comes off of an old improv exercise called Spotlight where someone goes in the middle, you sing and then someone tries to tap out and make sure that you don't leave someone hanging. Right.

And it's sort of the Pitch Perfect movies sort of do these impossibly well.

Oh yeah, this is where. This is the janky version. These are the B-sides of that. But we have done this in each of our solo bolos and a gentleman by the name of Michael Hartigan has put them to music, has scored them.

By the way, thank you very much. You've done an incredible job.

By the way, may I mention Michael Hartigan? My assistant, you wrote me a letter and my assistant gave it to me the other day and I read it and it was very sweet and I really appreciated it. And then I looked at the postmark and it was in March.

Oh no!

And I said, why did you just give me this? She said, I was waiting for when you weren't busy. You can read it. I was like, OK. Well, I guess. That's nice. All right. So but thank you so much, Michael.

Do you ever re-listen to episodes? Like, have you re-listened to any of the solo bolos before we did this one? Yeah. Oh, no, I haven't re-listened to them since we've done them. Oh, just when you, oh, right before you hand them in. Like right before I hand them in. Yeah. Right.

So I haven't listened to. So you listen to every single episode of Full Time Through? No, not every single episode.

Some are boring. Yeah.

I didn't want to say it. All right. 600 of these. They're not all going to be home runs. Sure, but 1% of them are going to be solo bolos. All right. I'm standing up. Scott, you don't have to, but if you feel the need. I'm not going to stand up. If you feel the need for Creed, Bratton from The Office. I feel the need. I feel the need for Creed. Do you say that in Sonic? I feel the need for Creed? Yeah, I say I feel the need for Creed. Then he comes up and goes, hey folks, how are you? All right, here we go. Hit me up. A song. I'm going to start with a song and then you can jump in and sing along with me or sing the next song.

Whatever you want to do. Let's do it. I can't wait. My brain is sharp right now. Let's do it. All right. Here we go. Ready?

Every breath you take. Everybody dance now. Everybody dance now.

Everybody dance now. Everybody. Yeah, yeah. Everybody. Rock your body. Rock street's back. All right. My butt, my crack, my pussy, and my crack.

My back, my neck, my pussy, and my crack. My back, my neck, my pussy, and my crack. And my neck, my back, my pussy, and my crack. And can't touch this.

Ooh, she's a very sexy girl. The kind you've got to come to mama. Mama mia, mama mia, mama mia, figure up.

As a devil put aside for me, for me, for me. And Mrs. Jones.

Mrs. Jones. We've got a thing. Talk about that thing you do.

Oh, I say that something. I hope you understand.

I want to fuck you like an animal. I want to heal you from the inside. I want to fuck you like an animal. I feel like sex and candy. Yeah.

I said who's that lounging in my chair? Who's that throwing devious stares in my direction? Maybe it only was a dream.

Yeah.

Mother just killed a man. Put a gun up to his head. Pulled the trigger, now he's dead. Mama, life has just begun.

And you've been gone all the way. Mama, any way the wind blows. I don't want to die. Sometimes I feel love, but I've been gone it all.

Carry on, carry on my wayward son. Don't you cry when you have gone. Carry on my wayward son. Don't you cry, no. Don't you cry. Don't you cry. I'm crying.

Over you. Rains on my pillow. Pain in my heart because by you. I'm going back someday. Come with me to blue by you.

Blue. It's not easy being green. Being green. Being the color of the flowers and the trees. Makes me wonder why, wonder why somewhere that's green.

Somewhere over the rainbow. Way up high. Birds fly over the rainbow. Why then, oh why can't I?

I can't help myself when I'm with you. I can't get no satisfaction. I can't get no. People try to put us down.

Talking about my generation just because we get around.

Talking bout my generation, think they do look awful, could get cold.

My back, my neck, my pussy, and my crack, my neck, my back, my pussy, and my crack, my neck, my back, my pussy, and my crack, my neck, my neck, my neck, my neck, my neck, my neck, my neck, my neck, my neck, my neck, my neck, my neck, my neck, my neck, my neck, my neck, my neck, my neck, my neck, my neck, my neck, my neck.

My Adidas, walked through concert halls, and also Coliseum floors.

When I stepped on stage, at Live Aid, all the people played, and the poor got paid, Walk this way, I know what you do, walk this way, walk this way, walk like an Egyptian.

All the people in the commerce shop hall, they all want to do the thing, and then they go, oh we oh.

Pretty woman, walking down the street, a pretty woman, the guy I like to meet, a pretty woman.

I'm a pretty woman, I'm a pretty woman.
