♪ Comedy Bang Bang ♪ You can lead a horse to water, but you can't take the water out of the horse. Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang!

Thank you to Carl with a K, although he spells Carl with a C. Interesting!

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang, and thank you so much to Carl with a K for that cash rate submission.

And welcome to Comedy Bang Bang for another week. My name is Scott Aukerman, I'm your host, and this is the...

We are edging out February right now. February is slipping from our grasp, but soon we'll have just a heaping handful of March, and that's gotta feel good.

And speaking of February, this guy has been on Earth for several Februarys. He is a...

By the way, coming up a little later, we have some surprise guests. We have an educator, maybe someone else, who knows?

But this guest who is on the program today, he's been on the show many times since the beginning of Comedy Bang Bang.

He in fact, perhaps inspired Comedy Bang Bang, or inspired me to start Comedy Bang Bang, because he is someone that we call the Pod Daddy. Pod Daddy?

Can I call you Pod Daddy?

I'd rather you didn't. I don't like that at all, to be honest with you.

He's been doing his podcast... I prefer Pioneer. That's the word I prefer.

P-Pod-ineer. No, I like Pod-ineer.

Pod-ineer's not bad. Do you like Pioneer because of that chicken outfit?

Yes, Grandfather. I do. By the way, you and I are the only two people I know that use the word outfit and mean it.

I say it for comedic value, but I also think I say it.

I don't know that I do. I just actually say it.

I say it in reference to bands, too. I go, oh, you're in a band? What's the name of the outfit?

And people go, what do you mean outfit, you asshole?

I call bands combinations. Oh, you like combo, huh? Oh, yeah. Chicago's a nice combination.

That's an eight-piece combo, depending on the tour.

By the way, did you ever see those Pioneer chickens that went out of business? I don't know if there are any still in the land.

The last one I remember seeing was on that weird intersection at Olympic and San Vincente.

Right. Yeah. There was a Pioneer chicken there.

Exactly. And by the way, delicious. Delicious chicken. But if they're still in business, go visit one today.

Absolutely. I mean, just sink your teeth into that meaty, meaty thigh.

I don't eat thighs. You don't eat thighs?

I don't eat dark meat. I don't eat dark meat.

Dark meat of any kind. Yeah. You know, we're talking turkey.

You had once on my podcast, you said you stopped at Popeyes Chicken and had the white meat combo in my honor.

Because you know that I do not eat. That's right. I may have forgotten that.

But that's just one of the several episodes of his podcast that we are celebrating here today, because this week marks the one thousandth episode of his podcast, Never Not Funny.

I mean, that is a lot of episodes that I don't know of any other podcast. Well, maybe WTF. What are they?

I think he's over because he does like ninety five a week.

Yeah, exactly.

Yeah. We keep the quality up. We only you know, we let them out whenever they're good quality over quantity.

I can't tell you how many times I've trashed an episode because I'm like, this is just not up to snuff.

We've done that twice. Tell me. Yeah.

Have you ever said exactly why or what guests were on it?

You know, never a guest. They were kind of one was a very early gang episode where the jets and the sharks.

I had them both on and you know, one of them said they're there their last dying day.

And then I killed him because I was tired of him running his mouth about it. Jimmy Pardo was here.

Thank you for having me. I look forward to talking to the educator.

What it was a the previous year, we did kind of a roundtable of our favorite movies, music and TV shows of the previous year.

OK. And then I was like, hey, let's do this was 1974. I think it was 74, 71 whenever I first started.

OK, good. And then the next year I said, let's do that again. And about 20 minutes in, I looked at everybody around the table and I went, is anybody enjoying this?

And they all went, no. And I said, well, let's bail on this.

This is horrible. So we bailed on it.

So you just bailed. You didn't complete it. You went halfway through or I don't know.

Twenty minutes, actually. We're about 20 minutes in. Which I guess is about a third of the way through at that time.

We were about hour shows then. Good trivia. Now about two hours. And some people say it's perfect time.

Others say it's short and other people say it's long. Well, that's the thing about podcasting, isn't it?

That everyone has opinions. Yeah. Don't they mind them?

Listen or don't listen.

That's my rule from day one. Now, a lot of people have chosen not to. Maybe that's a bad rule on my part.

Opinions are like, from what I've heard and I don't like to say this word, but buttholes, are they not?

Everyone has one. And then you let it out and you just see the truth just, you know, float away.

I'm caught up on you saying you don't like using that word.

I think I've heard you use that word more than anybody else in my life.

You love that word. I do not like that word. Is that? No, come on.

I don't. I probably don't like the the its counterpart, the slightly dirtier, filthier version.

Yeah. I like that one because I like calling people like people like I'm not really mad at.

Like if I'm on the road, I take a look at this a-hole.

Right. I enjoy you say a-hole.

You don't say I think the full elongated asshole that is.

You don't like that. Yeah.

Sometimes I like it. But I do. I do like a-hole. A-hole makes me laugh. Yeah.

Speaking of making us laugh. We've solved it. We've solved it. Listen to me.

You can hear for 1000 episodes, 1000 episodes over how many years have you been doing it?

Fourteen years. 2006 is when we started. So 14 years.

I believe you were one of our very first guests. I may have been.

And you have been nice enough to have me on every single season. Yeah.

Which unfortunately you do seasons two a year. If you just did one a year.

No problem. You'd love it. How do we get rid of that tradition?

People seem to want me to do it. Everyone but you. Oh, wait.

I thought you wanted out on this too. No, I don't want out on it. I enjoy doing it. Yeah.

I guess it is down to just the one guy. Yeah, it is just me.

Yeah.

I think you're right. Well, who else are you going to have on but me?

Who would take my place? Anybody. Anybody. The world's full of guys that want to run their mouths.

Right? What are the incredible guests that you've had on this season that you would rather have on than me?

Oh, my God. You want me to start listing? Sure. We have to list anyone who is who would be above me on a call sheet.

Anybody above anyone. Yeah. Anybody that would be above you.

Anyone.

Anyone who has a who's IMDB star meter is higher than me. I'll say, OK, great.

Yeah. Well, if you can pull them in every Ferguson who gives a shit.

He's higher. You just say you star meter rating. Now he's been off the air for five years.

Still higher. No wonder you're still higher. No wonder you're getting higher than you.

And I'll tell you something. That accent is very charming.

He comes in with that accent.

A beautiful when Chicago meets Ireland. Scottish. Oh, he's Scottish.

I don't know. I don't know. He's wearing a kilt. I don't know. He comes everywhere.

I don't know what he is. What am I supposed to pay attention to him? Right.

Listen, we I get list names for days. But how are you?

Are you pulling a Craig Ferguson then? Is he a guy who's like, yeah, I'll come on every year.

No, Craig's been on one time in 14 years. Yeah, exactly.

Yeah. See? Well, you're not doing me a favor.

I'm not doing you. No, you just presented it like you were doing me a favor. I'm not doing you a favor.

I'm saying you would prefer to have other people on than me.

And I don't think that you can get anyone better than twice a year is a lot of you.

Let's agree on that. These people listen to me. Yeah. Every single week.

Fifty two times. You got to take a couple of weeks off for vacations, right? Yeah, I got to.

You don't. You should have 52 a year. I put I put out 60 years.

Well, that's eight more than you need to just basic math.

There's only one.

Hold on. Let me do this math. I'm known for doing quick math.

Sixty minus eight. Five five five five five five.

Five? No. Two? Five two. Five two. Fifty two. Fifty two.

Yeah.

Yeah. I got it. Jimmy Pardo is here.

He has a wonderful program of which I am on twice a year.

And I've said it before on your program, I was just on.

Yeah. By the way, if you want to hear a wonderful conversation that lasts two hours or so.

Go check out my episode just came out recently.

But now what I'm saying and I said this the last time I was on your show is if you have you always had me on it like the very end of the season.

Yeah. Because it's time is running out. If you have me on at the end of this season and the beginning of the next season, you don't see me for another.

And then the end of the next season, you don't see me for a year. That's not a bad idea.

But also the idea of you coming back so quickly is nauseating.

I can't have that.

I understand. I can't. No. What I do is I it, you know, scheduling wise, it started with, hey, we got to get Scott on.

And then you were on at the end of the season. And then just by the way that it would go, hey, we got to get Scott on.

And then the end of the season. Now, I like it. That's the end of the season because I'm hopeful that you say I'm busy and then the tradition ends.

All right. We can stop this bit, right? I mean, we enjoy we enjoy being on the show.

I just want to make sure that you don't then text me later and go, hey, are we cool?

It seems like maybe you're being too serious. No, I don't think we're cool. OK.

No, you know, it's cool. Who is Fonzie? He really is.

Really is. And a billion dollars.

I don't know. That's cool. I don't know what that means.

Well, I mean, it's cooler than a million dollars.

I'll tell you that much. God damn right it is. Now, you started the show 14 years ago.

Yes. Podcasts were called iPod broadcasts. No, they were not.

They were called old tabby radio shows. And you're one of the first to do it.

I mean, Ricky Gervais was out there being talking about political correctness and and all that kind of stuff.

I guess he also doesn't believe in God. That comes up from time to time on the show.

You don't say really. I guess he mentions it every now and then. I've not checked out that facet of his personality.

But there were not there. No one was really doing podcasts.

What prompted you to do one?

My co-host now of at the time, he was just my producer.

I guess he's been promoted a co-host, Matt Belk. When when was he promoted to co-host?

We didn't really have an official. Because occasionally he would just like chime in and you would shut it down.

Yeah. And then it kind of became more co-hosty. But, you know, it still is the Jimmy Parto podcast.

He's the Ed McMahon. And then we have Elliott Hochberg on video and and Garen Cockrell is our intern.

Right. Which is just my cast. Yeah. Call him an intern. But you're like Disneyland where you call it a cast.

Well, no, they do you go backstage as well before the show?

Certainly. OK, then pull the curtain back in the showtime.

Anyway, Matt Belk came to me.

He was you can barely pronounce his name. You've been doing this show with him for years.

Matt Belk nap. Belk nap. Yeah. Is that how you pronounce it?

I always thought it was just Belknap.

But you say Belknap. Wait, what? I think it's just Belknap.

You think the K is silent? I think it's I've talked about it because I make it a fool of myself for 14 years.

I nicknamed him cholesterol because he's the cholesterol is the silent killer to which I shorten the silent K.

To which is how I remember Belknap. Oh, my God. Well, this is going to be an I'm due to see him as soon as I'm done here.

Yeah. Apologize. That's all I can do. That's hey, that's all I at this point.

That's what what else am I going to do? Just start calling by the right name.

Nice gift. Not giving him any. I give him a career. Are you guys giving each other 1000th show gifts?

Yeah, I'm going to say how are you? And that's his gift for the day is my pleasantry.

How are you celebrating? I appreciate you fitting this show into your busy press schedule, advertising the 1000th show.

But how are you celebrating the show? What's going on on the show?

We're going to have a we're having a gang episode.

And Matt Belknap tells me there's some prizes, some surprises, not prizes, surprises, though.

That would be nice. I mean, I show up today. What do you want?

So we had a door number two. He tells me there's some surprises planned.

I don't know what that means necessarily. So I'm looking forward to it.

You are looking forward to it. So you don't know what's going on. That is going to surprise you.

That's right. And what would what would be really surprising? Like, what are you expecting?

Patti LuPone would be amazing. Or Steve Perry. Those are the two that seem to be the elusive guest.

Steve Perry, the person I used to wait on at Chinchin. We've talked about this many times.

Yeah, always wanted instead of sauces in the ramekins.

He always wanted them in soup bowls because he's like, I eat too much sauce.

And then there would just be mountains of sauce left over.

So the ramekin would be plenty.

The ramekin would be plenty for him, but he just wanted it in big, big bowls to feel like a big shot.

You think that's why he was doing it? Yeah, of course.

If you're a celebrity and you go to a restaurant, you don't want to be treated just like some asshole off the street.

You want something special. Wait a minute. You just said asshole. You said you hate that word.

Oh, that's right. Very confusing. Very confusing time.

Anyway, I hope you get him.

Well, I don't know. I don't know. I believe he always tipped fine.

Maybe I'll tip him.

Unlike I would say, and I don't like to call out people.

James Woods. Hillary Swank.

Not a good tipper? Get out of here, Swanky. With your 10 percent one time.

Whoa. Do you think that's why Chad Lowe left her? I do believe that. But I mean, they would come in together.

So I think he'd cry afterwards because she forgot to mention him at the meal.

Just talk to an empty chair like Eastwood. There's a lot of celebrity references here.

I mean, you have to know a lot about avalanche, a lot about pop culture in order to understand that entire thing.

Pop culture from about 15 years ago. So let's not you know, I don't know anything current.

Well, the chair. The chair is what from? Wasn't that from that was not the 2012?

I feel like it might have been 2012. Yeah, but still eight years. That's good for you.

Thank you. I'm very proud. I've never been prouder. You know, I was on the Kona program once on panel.

And Hillary Swank was the lead guest and I was the second guest. You don't say how did she tip you then?

She gave me a solid 20 percent and said, don't tell Locker.

I didn't know what it meant at the time.

But now I finally have solved it. Was that a what? Her interview? She gave me a lot of her time.

Yeah. Yeah. I actually that may have happened. That really editing that may have happened.

Really? Because she had nothing to say. She was very charming and wonderful. Right. Fantastic.

Two time Oscar winner. Terrific actress. One of our one of our best one of our best actresses.

She won for what? Girls Don't Cry. Not one of our best actors, but one of our best actresses.

It's got to be insulting. Especially. Well, they're the ones who split it up the category.

It should just be best actor. Should it? I have a look.

I have a lot of opinions about this. Do you think they should add comedy to the Oscars? I do.

I actually do. I think let's get rid of if I may interrupt you. And I apologize for doing so.

How about we get rid of this idea of 10 possible best movies and do five and five, five and five and put romantic comedies and and music. But then you start saying the Golden Globes.

I get the Golden Globes. But I do want to say here's here's something that I want to talk to you about.

And I've talked to some other podcasts about this, but why not talk to Pod Daddy about this? All right.

Again, not thrilled with that name. I think and this is the first time I'm saying it here on this program.

I think podcasts, you know, all these dumb podcast awards that they keep creating in order to just specifically do podcasts.

I don't know about the I Heart Radio podcast. Exactly. I think I was nominated this year.

I believe you're nominated and not invited to the program.

I think it's good when a network does a podcast.

I believe they have their own shows. Yeah, they do. Did pretty well, from what I understand.

But I think the choir, the Grammys not giving Grammys for podcasts.

They give them for for Audible books, spoken word, spoken word. They do it for every recorded medium.

This is a recorded medium. Grammys should be in charge of podcasts.

I know it's too late for us to ever get a Grammy. I understand that, although I'd love to be halfway to any guy at this point.

But I, I do think that our time is probably done. They'll probably you know, at this point, they'll nominate all the people who got nominated for the I Heart thing.

Will Ferrell, Conan O'Brien, just, you know, whoever is like the biggest star.

It is too late for us that have been doing this a long time and providing quality content as the famous people have taken over.

Yes, exactly. Yeah, because all the famous people, they they make all their money in the movies and the TV.

And then what they did is they turned their head slightly to the left and saw some money over here in podcasting and said, I want that money.

I want some of that. How come I haven't had any of that yet?

How come I don't have that money?

Yeah. And then they came over and took most of it and took most of it, put in the bare minimum of effort.

And here we are anyway.

That doesn't sound bitter at all about two guys that have been doing this. I'm on my thousandth episode.

I was on his 12th. I'm only on 600 or so.

Congratulations. I don't I don't believe I'll ever get to a thousand. I don't know.

You think you're going to retire before then? I can't. I mean, it would be seven years from now.

I don't think that I would ever get there. Your career has I think.

Why did you say that in quotes? Because I wanted to make clear that I'm making fun of you.

OK, thank you. I will. It surprises me that you still do this, quite frankly, because you're and I mean that in the complimentary.

You're directing career, you're producing career has taken you in other avenues where you are very, very busy and that you still find the time.

I love it. It's good. I love to I love having a conversation just like this one. It brightens my day.

It gives me an excuse to see my friends. I enjoy having you on the show.

Yeah, that's I guess what's different than the two shows.

So that's the difference between Never Not Funny and Comedy Bang Bang is when Jimmy is on Comedy Bang Bang.

I enjoy it and I enjoy it. And when I'm on Never Not Funny, I enjoy it.

But you don't. No, that's true. OK, wonderful.

It's also and here's another true thing. There's one of the Sklar brothers I don't care for. Which one do you think it is?

I don't know. Glasses or no glasses? I can never I can't remember which one I hated.

Here's how here's how I when I first got to know them, I would have to have some sort of mental trick in order to figure it out.

Here's how I would do it. Randy does not wear glasses, which makes him Randy.

Like he has more sex because he's not a four eyed guy.

That's how I would do. That's how I would do. Mine was a little easier. I would say Jason Juh glasses Guh.

And then I'd go there and I'd go, hey, Jason, and look like a genius. Which is another Juh.

Which is another Juh. Yeah. So there's a lot of J's and G's.

Is that your go to for telling people apart is the Juh, the Guh?

Well, in this case, because they're twins. Right. I don't want to look like a fool.

Who are some other twins? What do you got? You got the those? You got the Winklevosses?

How do you tell them apart? You know what? I really haven't been to the same room as them.

So what are their first names? Pull them right down for a million dollars. A million dollars?

Who are the Winklevoss twins? They got stolen from them.

They could use that money. It's better than a million, though. Or a cooler, rather. A billion. A billion. Yeah.

The Winklevoss brothers. No, I couldn't. Couldn't. Yeah.

But who were some other twins?

We got the ones from the commercials. Well, you got the two Gibb brothers. You got Morris and Robin.

Were they twins? And the third was not? They were twins and Barry wasn't. Barry is not a twin.

Barry was the sexy one. Isn't it weird when you look at the brothers' Gibb? Yeah.

You got you got Barry over there. He's just like a beautiful, like, barrel-chested guy with hair all over.

He's just a big, big bushy beard and hair all over his chest.

And a gorgeous head of a, you know, that beautiful, feathered back hair. Beautiful feathered hair. Oh.

Then you turn your head slightly to the right and you see Robin and Morris. Yeah.

And they're just a couple of goons. Your words, not mine.

And then. I don't know if Morris would agree with that. And then Andy.

Another beautiful, beautiful man. Yeah. What happened with the twins? What went on with the twins?

Did they have to split good looking? I think they did. I think that's exactly what happened.

Right in the womb. They said, let's go 50-50 on looks. This is a lot of what Never Not Funny is talking about 70s references.

Well, that's true. If you. But it's right in my wheelhouse.

I will.

You know, I love the Bee Gees. I love them. Love them. I love the brothers. What's your favorite Bee Gees song?

Well, Staying Alive, I think is flawless. It is flawless, but I feel like it's been it's a little overdone.

Although I now I'm coming back around where I can listen to it again after maybe 30 years of saying like it's just overplayed.

Yeah, but it's still I think is overplayed. Just like 25 or 64 with Chicago.

I don't disagree. Overplayed, but I still enjoy hearing it.

Right. Staying Alive. But you know what? I like You Win Again, which was a.

You Win Again, which is what years? 80s. Late 80s? 89 maybe?

Really? Interesting. Maybe 87 off of ESP.

What about This is Where I Came in. This is the danger song.

Love it. Incredible. And the video is great.

I love the album cover for that album. How do you know?

This is just.

First of all, how do you know the song? Then the album starts with the video.

Starts with them in a bed and Robin pops up like a Murphy bed. No, no, no. Murphy's way.

It's just just a regular bed. Just a regular bed. And that way from from your hand motion, by the way, Jimmy did a hand motion.

I thought that was the bed coming down. It was them popping up and Robin was in the bed when it was in the wall.

And then he popped up. That would be a there's a video. Let's talk to the kid.

Well, two of them are gone. It's an empty room. You expect no one to be in it. Suddenly the bed comes down and then Robin pops up from that.

That's a video. It's a nice video. I mean, especially now because it'd be a corpse. Speaking of my directing career, this is giving me ideas.

You know, I saw Barry Gibbett, the Hollywood bulb. I took my mother, you know, say before she passed away.

And what a wonderful parting gift she would be. You're an asshole.

She you know what? I know you hate that word, but you deserve it. Thank you.

She was a huge Bee Gees fan. And so when he came, I said, I'll take you, mom. Was he? He was solo and he was great. Really?

I've seen the Bee Gees as a unit. Sure. Combo. Do they all sing in three part harmony or is it a two part harmony?

Yeah, they mix it up. Because, you know, Barry, he was the one who did all the harmony parts and all that.

Like the other two were just sort of like. No, Robin did.

Robin did a lot more singing than you think he did. Really?

Yes.

OK. In fact, very surprising. Really? I thought I was.

Because I always thought Barry was basically the lead singer.

Those other two guys, like you say, the two goons are off doing a couple of vocals and Barry's throwing them a bone.

Barry wrote all the songs, though. We cannot dispute that.

And he wrote Andy's songs.

And you mean and he also and he also wrote Andy's songs and a gazillion other songs.

Yeah. Amazing. Amazing talent. Yeah. Is he still with us? I can't remember. Yeah.

They're about to do a biopic, they say, about the Bee Gees.

Really? With Bradley Cooper in the Barry Gibb role.

Bradley Cooper is a very similar Barry Gibb type. Just that beefy, hairy.

Like I can only imagine if you strip off all of his clothes, he just like he looks like Wolverine or something, you know.

He's a beautiful man. Two beautiful men. Do you think that he. I'm talking about ourselves. Thank you.

And I'll agree with you. Of course I did. I just was letting it go past like it was assumed. Of course.

I don't want him to do that voice that he did in that that movie, though, that Lady Gaga. What if he did that for the Bee Gees?

I would be very angry. Because, I mean, Barry didn't walk around like Michael Jackson going, Hi there, everybody. I mean, like, I guess this is the premise of the Jimmy Fallon and Barry Gibb talk show.

That's the premise we should probably stay away from. That's a good point. OK.

Well, I mean, just naturally you come upon these premises sometimes and then you realize someone else has already done it.

It's been done. Right. Like I this is embarrassing. Just last week I was doing stand up and I walked on stage with an arrow through my head.

Oh, no. With rabbit ears? Yes, with rabbit ears. Incredible.

And a banjo?

I had the whole shot and I'm about 17 minutes in before somebody goes, what are you, Steve Martin?

Why did Steve Martin give up stand up? I mean, I know I read the whole book where he talks about it, but, you know, like he shouldn't have.

He should get back out there. Like, do you really think Eddie Murphy is going to get back out and do is he going to ever complete the special?

Oh, that special that we've been talking about for a year.

Yeah. I don't know the answer to that.

I don't know. I can't tell. I can't answer you. And I won't answer you. But I want you to.

I don't know. You know, Steve Martin does that thing with Martin Short. Yeah, that's right. It's great. And it's really, really, really funny.

I really like that. But speaking of America's greatest stand ups, you are still out there. You're you perform how many nights a week or not?

Not a week, but a year. Oh, boy. How many performances? I do about one weekend a month on the road.

OK, so we're talking about 12 weekends, maybe 24 shows. How many shows do you do in a weekend?

It could be two or four. Two or four. Gosh, we're talking between 36 and 48 shows.

Yeah. Maybe a year. Maybe 52. 52 shows. Yeah, you know, the amount of shows you should be doing a year.

Sure. 60 minus eight. I get it. Yeah. Yeah, right. Then I'll do some local stuff from time to time.

And you travel around this great country. Do you ever go outside of by the way, this is something I wanted to bring up.

Talking about America, since the last time you were on the show, I believe you were on with O.J. Simpson.

I was here with the Jews. Yeah. We have been christened America's podcast. And I know that that may be a hard pill to swallow for you.

But I didn't decide it. America decided it. Who did?

America in total. Who were the nominations?

There were no nominations. There were no nominations. They just decided it. America that is a unit.

America's podcast. And we're not talking about just North America. We're talking about South End, South, North.

I mean, Canada, every every part. You're telling me Mexico got involved in this? Mexico's involved.

This is part of NAFTA. I don't know exactly what happened to whatever Trump just signed, whatever deal that was.

I don't know how it happened. What's he call it? Was it the Mac or is it Mac? Mexico, America, Canada.

Yeah. It's about a kid in a chair. Is that what Mac and me is about? I don't know. A kid in a chair?

I gotta go see this movie. There's a kid in a chair in it.

The soundtrack to that was distributed by MCA Records.

Thank you. Jimmy used to work at a record store. No, I used to work for MCA Records. Oh, that's right.

That's right. You were a publicity guy? No, I was a sales rep. Sales rep. So you would go around the country saying, hey, why don't you buy the Mac and me soundtrack? Yeah, I would try to convince people, hey, you know what's gonna be huge?

The new Little River Band. The buyers for the record store, dickhead.

So you go around canvassing the neighborhoods. Say, are you interested in the Mac and me soundtrack?

How about you, sir? Sir, can I bother you for a moment?

Would you buy this if it were at a store? I'm not selling it to you.

I'm trying to tell you where to go. Just taking a survey.

Well, wonderful. America's Not podcast, Never Not Funny, is celebrating its 1000th episode. That's right. And that's this Wednesday. People can get it. And it's a wonderful, wonderful show.

Please check. How do people check out the previous 999?

Well, to hear all of those, you have to be a member of the Platinum Club.

Platinum. Which is our subscriber base where you get to have access to all the back episodes.

That sounds good. Also, depending on the level, you can get a T-shirt, you can get a calendar, you can get an enamel pin.

What year is that calendar from? This is a very rare, this is 100% true. This is a very rare March to March, March 2020 to March 2021.

Because that's when you're... That's when the season's starting. Wonderful. Yeah. Exclusive calendar. How do people go to that?

That's NeverNotFunny.com. NeverNotFunny.com. That's the easy way to do it. There's also a podcast, I guess.

A podcast.com is also, but Never Not Funny. Never Not Funny is the way to do it. Never Not Funny.

And you can get all those episodes, the current ones, they come out every week and you can get them wherever podcasts are sold.

Absolutely. Thank you for having me. Bye bye. No, no, no.

Stick around. Stick around? Yeah, yeah, yeah.

We still have more show. We are going to take a break though. Then I'm probably gonna leave in that break. Oh no, please stay.

Stay the entire time. All right. We need to take a break.

When we come back, oh, we have an educator. This is exciting.

We'll be right back with more Comedy Bang Bang after this.

Comedy Bang Bang, we're back here. Jimmy Pardo is with us.

Never Not Funny podcast, of course. He's on his phone checking.

It looks like he's checking his bank balance. What is going on there? And it's not looking good. Oh no. Not looking good.

What do you have? No, seriously. What'd you pull up there on the old Safari? Here's what happened, Scott.

And I know that you have guests to get to and I'm more than happy to take off. That's OK.

Let's take a little let's do a little sidebar on what's on your Web browser.

Here's what I was I was going to my ancestry dot com application. Here's why I'll tell you why.

I just did it. OK. And I discover that I'm 15 percent French.

I read this the other day. So you are 15. That's a lot of French.

Yes, that I was not aware of until 14 days ago. Right. So where does this come from?

Well, that's what I said to my father. Hey, dad, why don't you also do this thing so we can find out?

Because I have a feeling it comes from that side that the was his like grandfather roaming around Europe.

We don't know that. So I guess we're going to find out. So I'm getting some French tale.

I got a little I don't know if he's banging around with a mademoiselle.

That's my first language, of course, the French. Of course.

I so I got I got a notification from the application telling me that something was happening over there.

And it turns out they just want me to upgrade to the platinum or plus whatever they call.

OK, well, you know, you ask people to do this for your podcast. And now ancestry is coming after me.

You get a T-shirt or a calendar, hopefully in April to April. Has your father done it yet?

He has submitted his test. So I was hoping that notification was was to say like, hey, hey, we found a perfect match here.

Right. Interesting. And you want to do that during the break? What else am I supposed to do?

I try to talk to the educator. She turned away from me.

This I don't know what's going on with her.

I don't know why. And, you know, we have an entrepreneur.

This entrepreneur comes in. He's all business.

Yeah, all business. And so I don't know. He's a little party in the back, but he's a walkie.

He's a human mullet. He turned around. I was like, this guy likes a party.

He sure does. We'll get to him a little later. But let's get to our next guest. She's an educator.

This is exciting. We have I so rarely get to talk to people who take our young people or our similarly aged people or people older than us and teach them about something new.

I so I so rarely get to talk to people like this. How about you, Jimmy?

From time to time, I will talk to one of my son's teachers.

That's sort of thing.

From time to time? Yeah. You're not in close and constant contact with your son's teachers?

No, that would be crazy. There are those parents. How do you do today? Get out of here.

Let your kid do his work, jerk. Work, jerk. She is not a work jerk, though. Please welcome Crystal Delray Jenner.

Hi. Hi, everybody. Thanks for having me on the show.

It's our pleasure. Oh, my God. I'm so excited to be here.

We're so excited to have you. This is Jimmy Pardo.

Oh, hi, Jimmy. You may know the Pod Daddy.

I don't. I don't know the Pod Daddy.

Do you not listen to podcasts?

You know, I have not listened to podcasts before, but I'm not a single one.

No, I just thought that I would just show up today and this would be my first podcast to be on and then I would listen to it later.

And then I could say, I have now listened to a podcast.

So do you only like do you not watch TV because you haven't been on TV yet or have you been on TV?

No, I watch TV because everybody watches TV. Oh, OK.

I mean, I don't know. I don't know. Do people listen to podcasts? Are they popular?

Yeah, they're very popular. Oh, they're popular.

I've been doing mine about 14 years. 14 years.

His is considered America's podcast. America's podcast. Wow.

I'm going to check both of y'all's podcasts out.

Well, you're on it right now. So thank you for having me.

After your appearance here, decide whether you are interesting and then you can listen to it.

I'm trying to gauge my interest right now. It's kind of like the path that I'm on right now.

It's kind of in and out right now. I can imagine.

Where am I right now in my life? What do I want to do?

Crystal, can I ask you this? You mentioned television. What's your favorite TV show?

Oh, I love The Big Bang Theory. Have you ever seen it? It's on CBS.

Did that not just end there?

Oh, I'm going to miss it so much, though. Oh, my God. I love it.

All those little nerds. They're so funny. They're so smart and so nerdy. I love it.

You like laughing at them. I love laughing at them.

You feel no empathy towards any of the characters.

I feel a little bit of empathy. I feel a little bit like they're smarter than me, so I get to judge them.

I think it's just punching up. That's what they say in comedy, right? Yeah, they do.

I've heard that. How do you know so much about comedy?

You know, I read sometimes. What are you reading?

I read a Tina Fey book once. Oh, OK.

Boss Baby. What was it called? Girl Boss? What was it? He's a boss or something.

I remember a lot of talk about urinating in jars, but not so much about punching up or punching down.

Yeah, I don't know. I loved it, though. I loved it. I love comedy.

I love, you know, Big Bang Theory is my favorite comedy. It's very funny.

Well, I don't believe I've ever seen Jimmy. Ever seen an episode of Big Bang Theory?

My son enjoys that program, so I've seen it as I'm walking from one room to the other.

Oh, right. Right. That's fair. That's fair.

Walking from your bedroom to the kitchen. The Jimmy Pardo path.

And it seems that my back and forth. My clip picks up a little bit as I'm going through at that time.

Oh, yeah. Well, you know, just give it a chance sometimes.

I'll give your podcast a chance if you give Big Bang Theory a chance.

Crystal, that's a deal. OK. OK.

Isn't it weird that the bedroom is the room that you probably spend the most time in in your house, but you don't remember it?

Hey, guy, what? What?

You just go to do Riddle-A-Man?

When you're in your house, like, you probably spend 45 minutes in the kitchen a day.

Maybe you're in the living room four hours or something like that, but you're in the bedroom the most.

Right.

But you don't remember any of the time you spent there.

What do you mean by that? Because you're sleeping?

Because you're unconscious.

I should tell you that I shoot most of my movies in that room, so I know every nook and cranny, buddy.

OK.

What kind of movies are you shooting in your bedroom?

First of all, that's not your business. I know that's not your medium, Crystal.

Oh, wow. It could be.

Jimmy lives in the Hollywood Pornhouse just off Sunset.

The Hollywood Pornhouse? Oh, I want to go there.

Do they sell tickets to the Hollywood Pornhouse or just go in?

Well, you got to pick up tickets at the Hollywood and Highland.

And your son is just hanging out there watching Big Bang Theory?

My son's in the other room, yeah.

Wow. That's an interesting house.

Crystal, it's so great to meet you. You're an educator.

Where exactly do you teach?

Now, I wouldn't say educator. I was a school chaperone on one of my son's trips.

So it's not really an educator so much as the parent that was just there with the educators.

OK, so you have a you have a son.

I have a son. How old is your son?

I have a son, but I'm yeah, right now we're not on speaking term. I'm not allowed to see him right now.

Oh, no. I'm so sorry.

My son is eight. He's eight years old.

But you're not allowed to see him or he's not allowing you to see him?

It's kind of both. It's a little bit of both.

It was after the school trip. It was after the school trip.

What happened at the school trip?

It was not it was not good for me. I had a little break in judgment, maybe you would say.

At least that's what my husband said. And now I'm not talking to him either.

You're not talking to your husband either. That's a quiet house.

It's a quiet house. It's actually I don't I'm not living there right now.

I am in a hotel at the moment. But you know what? I'm having a nice time.

I'm doing it for myself.

Can I ask where where was the school trip? Why were you chaperoning?

Why do you consider yourself to be a professional chaperone if you've only done it once?

Well, first of all, I just say all you gotta do is something one time and you are professional.

That's what that whole Malcolm Gladwell thing is, right?

I guess you're a professional podcaster now.

I'm a professional podcaster. I'm America's Crystal Podcaster.

That's right. So where was the where was the trip?

So the trip was to the Field Museum. It's the Natural History Museum in Chicago, Illinois.

Have you all heard of it? I've been there.

You all been there? Yes, absolutely.

Oh, it's so nice, isn't it? They got Sue, right?

They got Sue. She's real big. She's all bones. She's beautiful. I love her.

Is Chicago where you live or was this a four day field trip?

No, it was a four day field trip. How did you guess it was four days? You were so right.

I can imagine one to get there, one back, two days while you were there.

Two days in Chicago. Yeah, you gotta have two days in Chicago.

Maybe eat a foot long?

I ate a foot long at Portillo's. You all been to Portillo's?

I have been to Portillo's. Delicious.

Jimmy's a Chicago guy.

You're a Chicago guy? Okay, well then that adds up. Okay.

But you're a Chicago girl because you've been there one time.

I've been there one time. It's my city. It's my city. I am Chicago.

So what was the purpose of the field trip? So the purpose of the field trip was, you know, just...

And who's taking grade schoolers for four days?

That's a heavy trip.

It's a progressive Montessori school. Oh.

Yeah, so they just let the kids decide how long the field trip's gonna be.

And the kids decide. The kids decide?

Yes. That's a Montessori way.

Why did they not pick four months?

Well, because kids are stupid, I think. I don't think they think the long term.

Wait a minute. Do you think that that kind of language may have hurt you as the chaperone?

This is probably why. It was that and it was the actions that I took, slash did not take on that day.

Tell us about the trip.

We were at the museum. We were looking around. We were having a great time. Everybody was having fun.

So wait, you disembark the aircraft. I can only imagine it was an aircraft because otherwise it would take three days to get there, three back.

Yes. Which would not fit into the four day timeframe. No.

So you disembark the aircraft. Disembarked.

You go straight to the museum or do people get a little time off?

Well, we went straight to the museum. We just wanted to get right to it.

Just right to the museum. All business.

We landed O'Hare and go immediately.

O'Hare to the field. O'Hare to the field. We took a bus right to it. Took about an hour.

But there was a bus waiting for you at the airport?

There was a bus waiting for us at the airport.

The Montessori School, they do not mess around. Like, they got us a nice little party bus.

It had neon lights, lasers, a little bit of foam.

The stripper pole had been taken down. I did request that because I do have some judgment.

They take them down, really?

Yeah, they took it down. They said, do you want stripper or no stripper? And we said, no, thank you.

We'll do no stripper this time.

So they don't have any buses that are no stripper. They just take the pole down?

They just take it down. Yeah, they take it down.

It's modular, it sounds like.

It's modular. Well, that's the thing, though, because sometimes you won't be swinging on a pole.

Sometimes you just won't be sitting down and taking a ride to the field museum, you know?

So we just decided we were going to take the regular party bus.

But this sounds like a very expensive field trip. Did you guys have to raise money? Did the children raise money for this?

The children did. They sold some cookies. They sold some trinkets.

Some cookies? Some cookies.

And some trinkets?

This sounds expensive.

The thing is, I don't question where the money comes from.

I just let them spend it and I go along for the ride.

That's the thing. If you want to ask where the money is coming from and how are we raising it.

Follow the money is what they say.

Yeah, you just follow the money.

Where's the beef?

Ask any question.

Does this go all the way to the top?

Who let the dogs out?

These are things people say.

Right. So now, so you're in the bus.

We're in the bus.

You get to the museum.

And is this the supposedly the highlight of the trip? Is this the main thing that people are going to do?

And what are you going to be doing the rest of the two days?

You know, just walking, talking to each other and just having some time together.

OK. But so you're getting the museum out of the way first.

You got to get it out of the way. You just got to knock it out because if that's the point of the trip, we want to just get it out of the way.

So what happens at the museum?

We went to the museum. We were walking around the museum.

And at one point, my son, his name is Kevin. He's eight.

So he was walking around. And at one point he kind of wandered off.

And there was this like, you know, those things you stand in there like a little room and then you push the button and it makes a little tornado go around you.

And you're like, oh, this is what it would be like to be in a tornado.

It's a room that you push a button.

It's like, you know, those things that when you push it to an amusement park and the money goes everywhere, you have to catch the money.

That is my dream, by the way.

If that were going to happen on your thousandth episode, I would.

That's my dream to be.

You know, you're not welcome.

That would make me listen to your podcast, though.

What's that? To listen to a guy in a wind tunnel?

Yeah, I love it.

All right.

I love the scream of a man in the middle of wind.

OK.

That's why I love Chicago.

Well, nevermind.

What a unique fetish.

I know.

I'm a little weird. I'm a little wacky.

So there's a room in the museum where it's a tube, but it simulates a tornado.

And you would say this is what it would be like to be in a tornado.

Does anyone come out of it saying like, I enjoy that. I'd like to be in a tornado.

Or people like, oh, yeah, I got to stay away from these.

Well, like I said, kids aren't necessarily smart.

So kids seem to enjoy it.

Adults, however, are like, this is dangerous.

I don't enjoy it.

So I don't know.

My son seemed to enjoy it.

He did it twice over and over again.

And so then the second time he was doing it, it was kind of just going for a little while.

And I was like, it would be kind of funny if I just walked away and maybe just left him there for a while.

Left him inside the tunnel.

Left him inside the tunnel, inside the museum.

Are there no safety precautions where if you press that button, it just when time elapses, it ends or does it just keep going?

He just wanted to keep going.

Yeah. So he did it twice.

Then he looked like he was going to go again.

So I was like, oh, I bet I could sneak out.

You left the museum entirely.

I did leave the museum entirely.

This is why I'm in trouble with my son and my husband.

Oh, no, I understand this.

Yeah.

Yeah. This is I mean, if you're a professional chaperone.

Right.

Part of your duties are to chaperone these children.

That was the thing is it's like it's written right there in the job description.

And I said, what if I didn't do it?

Well, I mean, like the idea they said, there was an idea.

The teacher said, hey, Crystal, would you like to be a chaperone?

But they wrote it down.

Yeah. They wrote it down and they looked like in a movie, you know, when they write down an amount of money and then they hand it to you and then you look at it.

It was like that.

They slide it across the table.

These are your responsibilities.

Were you disappointed it wasn't a money offer?

Yeah. I said I thought that was going to be money.

What the heck? Why did you slide it like that?

Still a trip to Chicago.

A trip to Chicago.

With a party bus.

But the problem was the kids. That's the problem.

They're in the way.

Have you all ever been around? You've been around kids. You said you had a son at the porn house.

I have a son.

You have a son. OK.

A 12 year old son.

You have a son.

See, my thing is kids are they're so loud.

They're just so loud.

It can be loud.

They're so annoying.

A lot of them, they get snotty in the winter and they just don't wipe it.

This was in the winter?

It was in the winter.

What month are we talking?

We're talking January.

I almost said July.

But July would be funny.

I'm really I'm having.

But in Chicago, who knows? I mean, very hot in July.

It is hot and humid.

OK, well, it was cold.

So it was definitely like January and it was cold.

Let me ask, was it post New Year's?

Post New Year's.

Then it was definitely January.

Around the 23rd.

Oh, OK.

So this just happened?

It just happened.

I see.

Approximately a month ago.

It's very fresh for me.

And I guess I'm a little upset by what my actions were and how people responded to them.

Where did you where did you walk?

Where did you walk to?

So I just kind of walked.

I walked to the lake.

It was very cold.

That was a bad choice to walk to the lake.

But I walked to the lake and I kind of looked around and I thought, you know, I could probably just like get an Uber and try to explore Chicago.

So you took an Uber ride around the city?

So I called an Uber.

And I took a ride around the city.

And my Uber driver was real nice.

His name was Daniel.

He just showed me all the sights.

We went to a couple of bars, took some shots.

Have y'all ever tasted Malort?

I don't even know what Malort is.

It's disgusting.

That's a Lord of the Rings character.

So it's a Chicago drink.

I'm surprised you haven't had it.

You're lucky.

I'm sober 20 years.

God bless you.

Oh, my God.

Good for you.

Because I'm about to be sober 20 years after this experience.

I tasted Malort.

It was disgusting.

I think you need another 20 years in order to do it.

Oh, my God.

So Malort, I think it's a worm wormwood liquor, like a wormwood.

I don't even know what it is.

So it's like they make the liquor from like worms, like fermented worms?

From worm worm.

I don't even know what wormwood is.

What is it called?

Malort.

It's M-A-L-O-R-T.

Slow down, Crystal.

I can't type that quickly.

M-A-L-O.

Treat me like an eight year old.

If I treat you like an eight year old, I'm going to leave you here.

Well, that's a good point.

She's going to walk right out of the interview.

M-A-L-O-R-T.

Yeah.

All right.

I'm looking it up, Scott.

Tell me what it's made of.

I think it's wormwood.

It is a brand of Bosc liquor introduced in the 30s and long produced by Chicago's Carl Jepson.

You had plenty of time to drink that before you got here.

I had to drink that before you got sober.

Yeah.

What's your excuse?

I just never heard of it.

I feel like it's gotten more popular than it looks like 15 years ago.

Oh, here it is.

What kind of alcohol is it?

It is a clear 70 to 80 proof unflavored beverage made from potatoes or grain.

Oh, okay.

Potatoes.

Is it wormwood or something?

Is there something else there weird?

Well, it's a slightly diluted vodka or unflavored schnapps.

It's similar to that.

So it has no taste.

Oh, it has taste.

Here we go.

It has a terrible taste.

Here we go.

It gives drinkers the honor of sending their taste buds to sweeten, but with wormwood, but with wormwood as carry on luggage.

Right.

All right.

Whoever wrote that needs to be punched in the groin.

Right.

Can you look up who wrote that so we can go punch him in the balls?

Could you look it up?

We'll name them by name.

I think they can go punch.

And then they'll hopefully come on the show and then present their balls to us.

Keith?

Do you want his name?

No.

His first name is Keith.

Why do you have it?

That's weird that it's written in there who wrote it.

Well, it's an article.

Oh, okay.

It's an article.

Usually articles have the author's names on it.

Oh.

So at this point you've abandoned the children, but that doesn't seem like that's enough to get you not able to see your child anymore.

Did something else happen in the evening?

Oh, I didn't go back.

I mean, I didn't go back.

You didn't go back.

But what exactly happened there in Chicago?

What happened with this gentleman?

What was his name?

Daniel.

He was just a nice friend.

You know, I'm not going to...

If it's a stranger and I don't know him, it doesn't matter how drunk I am, I'm not going to do anything.

I just went home.

Oh, I didn't go home because I didn't...

I mean, I went back to a different hotel.

I just picked a different hotel and left.

I just decided...

You went to a different hotel than the one you were staying in?

Yeah.

You had a room somewhere.

I know, but the thing is I didn't want to be in the room because my child was there and I just went over him.

I had to take a break.

I think I had a meltdown.

I think I had a little bit of a meltdown in Chicago.

It sounds like it.

So you went to a totally different hotel.

Yeah, I went to a different hotel.

Where you did what?

I just stayed there.

I just stayed there and I lived my life and I took deep breaths.

I took a bath.

I just said, this is what it would be like if I was free.

I imagine that I didn't have a husband or a child.

Did you ever encounter the children again?

No, they went back home and then I ended up going back home eventually because I had to.

How long were you in Chicago?

I was only there like a week.

I was only there for a few days longer than the kids were there.

Okay.

But anyway, no, I didn't.

I just stayed there and I just had a meltdown.

So my husband does not talk to me.

He hasn't been talking to me.

He said we are technically separated.

I said, I don't want to accept that.

So I did not accept it.

You know, we're technically separated and I have not seen my child in a little bit, but I don't know.

I think it's just like an opportunity for me to just branch out and live my life and kind of explore.

What is it you want to do?

It doesn't sound like you want to be a parent, nor does it sound like you want to be an educator.

No, I don't want to be an educator because then I'd be around multiple children.

Right.

What does he want to do with your life?

I don't know yet.

I think I just want to be a free spirit.

Like maybe I want to teach yoga, you know?

Have you ever done yoga?

I've done it a couple of times.

I don't think you can teach it if you've only done it a couple of times.

The thing is, everybody learns to do yoga.

What positions do you know?

I know the creeping soldier lower to the ground.

That's the only thing you know?

Yes.

You can't just teach that.

I don't even know what that is.

You were sort of demonstrating it.

Here's the thing.

I don't think that's actually one.

It's just you looked at someone doing that and that's what you called it?

Yeah, I looked at it.

I said that was like a soldier creeping soldier lower into the ground.

So I said that's a pose.

I think the thing is, you know, that what's that guy that did the hot yoga Bikram?

He can make he made up a whole thing.

He said, let's just turn the heat up and keep doing yoga.

So I guess you can just stay whatever you want.

You could do cold yoga.

Go the other way.

I did go to Chicago.

So you're used to it.

Yeah.

So yeah, maybe I'll do cold yoga.

I don't know.

The thing is, anybody can learn it.

You just take some classes and then you become a teacher.

That's what all my white friends do.

That's what they're all, you know, they're out there learning yoga.

I didn't want to say anything.

What ethnicity are you?

I am.

Well, I'm biracial, so I am black and white.

So I can say a lot of things.

So you can make jokes about white people.

You make jokes about black people.

Yes.

But I kind of, you know, it's unfair.

Isn't it Jimmy?

We're limited.

You're limited as white men.

It's very unfair for we're having a tough time.

I'm triggered by this.

That's the thing is, I think white men, if they do have a tough time, they get triggered easily.

And I'm sorry for that.

I'm sorry.

Y'all have to experience.

I'm glad that you empathize with us more so than you do with those kids on the big bang theory.

I know the big bang.

They're too smart, though.

They're too smart.

That's the thing.

Well, wonderful, Crystal.

I think you're a terrible person, it sounds like.

And you also seem to be at your wit's end and you really are losing it.

You don't seem to have the firmest grasp on reality.

No, I think I'm pretty lost.

I think I'm a little bit confused.

Maybe I don't know.

I'm not quite sure how you got booked on this program.

I was just thinking that.

I didn't get booked.

I just kind of walked in.

Oh, the open door policy strikes again.

Oh, the all-airwolf open door.

That's the thing about America's podcast is anyone from America can just waltz right in here and be on it.

I think that's great.

I think that's so nice that you just welcome people off the street.

Well, that's the thing.

I don't want to just talk to disgruntled showbiz types like Jimmy the entire time.

You know what I mean?

Just did a take to a camera that doesn't exist.

Yeah, you did.

You did a slow burn.

All right.

Look, we're going to have to take a break.

But when we come back, we have an entrepreneur.

That's exciting.

We're talking to someone who started their own business, perhaps.

We so seldom have people like that on the show.

And Crystal, can you stick around?

Oh, I'd love to.

You're asking Crystal to stay even though she wandered in.

Jimmy, don't question it.

Don't question it.

That's what this show is all about.

It's the melting pot of people.

I'll take off then.

Oh, no, you have to stay.

I still stay.

Yeah, you're the draw.

You got to hang out.

You're the draw.

All right.

We're going to take a break.

When we come back, we'll be right back with more Comedy Bang Bang after this.

Comedy Bang Bang.

After Jimmy Pardo is here with us, Never Not Funny.

Of course, 1,000 episodes, 999 of which have been released.

And the 1,000th will be released in two days.

You know, you just asked me earlier what we're going to do to celebrate the 1,000th.

We're going to sing 999 episodes of Never Not Funny on the wall.

And we're going to count that down.

And then when we get to zero, happy 1,000!

How did that ever start?

The 99 bottles of beer on the wall?

Just some drunk guy going, how many you got up there?

It's not fun to sing.

It's fun when you're a child.

Is it?

I hated it.

I remember being a kid and someone going like, hey, we're going to sing 99.

Me going, really?

Like after 90, after the night, you know, after 97, you're done.

So you prefer wheels on the bus go round and round?

Of course.

You prefer that over 99 bottles of beer?

If you're in a party bus.

Of course.

Speaking of party buses, Crystal Delray Jenner is here.

She's I was going to say an educator, but just bad mom.

Yeah, bad mom.

That works.

You ever see bad moms?

You watch movies.

Is that with Mila Kunis?

I love her.

Right.

Where do you know her from?

She married Ashton Kutcher.

He's so hot.

Oh, no, I just know her from being married to Ashton Kutcher.

Interesting.

Oh, and the 70 shows.

And the movie Bad Moms.

And Bad Moms.

I love a bad mom.

Well, our next guest, he is a gentleman, so he can't be a bad mom, but hopefully he's good at what he does.

He's an entrepreneur.

Please welcome Albert Rowe.

Thank you, Scott.

Thank you for having me.

Hello, everyone.

Hi, Albert.

Thank you.

And yes, I am an entrepreneur.

I have started a grocery store.

I am a local grocer.

Oh, congratulations.

A local grocer.

That's right.

Incredible.

You know, the small grocery stores, they seem to be closing, you know, because of these big box stores or the big supermarkets.

You know, it's so wonderful to see someone who's a local.

And where locally are you based?

Well, I'm based in Downey, California.

Oh, wonderful.

Home of the Carpenters.

Yeah, home of the Carpenters.

That's right.

And let me tell you, these...

Is Karen Carpenter not buried in Forest Lawn somewhere around there?

I think she is.

And there are several apartment buildings.

Oh, no, she's in the Cypress.

That's right, where I grew up.

She's in the Cypress Forest Lawn.

Yeah, there's a bunch of apartment buildings that are named after different songs of theirs.

We've Only Just Begun.

That's a, I think, on Firestone.

But the grocery stores, okay?

Superstar apartments?

There is a superstar apartments there, I believe, as well.

Is there not an Acapulco right off the freeway, right off the 5 freeway in Downey Boulevard?

Yeah, that's right.

I'm pretty familiar with the area.

Sure, of course.

Of course.

So these big stores, your Albertsons, your Ralphs, your Vons, your Safeway, your Gelsons, your Pavilions, your Amazon Fresh, they're coming for my neck.

Is that hurting?

Oh, I can only imagine.

Why would you start now then, knowing that Amazon is delivering?

Why is now the time?

Day one, they're coming for your neck.

Day one, they're coming for my neck.

And you know something?

I'm not going down without a fight.

You're going to fight these guys.

You just started.

Yeah, I just started, but I'm giving them- And you're already going to go down?

I'm giving the consumer something that they don't have.

What is it?

What do you do?

My personal touches, of course.

Oh, of course.

Albert.

Why didn't I realize it's your personal touches?

What are these personal touches?

Well, the apples that you might get from a regular grocery store or, God forbid, an Amazon Fresh.

We know you have a deal with Amazon Fresh.

God forbid.

They're coming for your neck.

We understand.

At this point, you can just say the other places and we'll understand.

The Vons, the pavilions of the world.

Yes, we know.

We know.

The court stimulates.

There are several other grocery stores.

How shiny are these things?

You want a shiny apple when you buy a- Oh, you're talking about the apples?

Oh, jeez.

Yeah, that's right.

You probably want a shiny apple, right Jimmy?

When you go to a store, how shiny do you want those apples?

I prefer to be shiny.

You want it to be mirror-like?

I'd like to take a look at myself and an apple.

And how about you, Crystal?

What do you think?

I like a colorful apple and I also like them when they're not mealy.

I hate a mealy apple.

What color though?

When you say colorful apple?

Well, yesterday I saw some really pretty Honeycrisp apples at the Whole Foods.

Y'all have been to a Whole Foods before?

Don't mention Whole Foods.

This guy with the bananas.

They're coming for my neck.

Oh, no.

Oh, yeah.

They're with Amazon now.

Oh, no.

Apples normally have color, so they're not translucent.

You know I don't see colors.

No, they're not.

Just see the fruit.

And thank you.

So now, you want a shiny apple when you go to a store.

So I'm hand polishing these things, right?

You hand polish all the apples.

One by one, going to each and every single goddamn apple I got in my store.

Not sure why you need to curse on the apples.

Do you think that language has hurt your business?

I don't know.

You sound very angry.

Well, it's because...

Let's role play here.

Say I'm a customer.

Okay, hi.

Welcome.

Hi.

Do you have any apples?

Fuck yeah, we do.

Oh, geez, Albert.

This might be part of your problem.

I don't think so.

I think...

Look, there's a been a van part right across the street from my store.

What?

A van.

You think you're being spied on?

I don't know.

I don't know what Jeff Bezos and his cronies are up to.

How you cursing relates to a van parked outside your store and the justification therein.

It's not the cursing.

People like swearing.

They can't possibly enjoy that.

People like swearing.

Well, look, I mean, ever since 94 when Dr. Dre came out with his nothing but a G thing, I believe was his...

Who are you talking to?

I don't know this.

I'm looking right at you.

I know you are.

I know the way I know this information.

She's the party girl.

It seems like we went from I want to hold your hand to I want to fuck you like an animal in the space of 20 years.

What is it?

America's getting coarser.

Let me just see that.

So this is precisely my point.

Cursing, not the issue.

What the issue is, these other big stores.

Yeah, they're trouble, huh?

Well...

So wait, when a person comes to your store and you curse at them and they have a problem, that's not the issue.

The issue is the other stores.

I don't care.

Look, it's always the other stores.

It's never me.

It couldn't be me.

So these other stores, I think what's happening, these other stores...

You're Gelsons.

Sure, yeah, we know what they are.

They're not polishing the apples.

They're not polishing the apples, but they're surveilling me.

They're trying to see what I'm doing, trying to take my personal touches and carrying them out.

You're talking about them right here.

Why do they need to surveil you?

Because I need the world to know, Scott, that those are those touches.

Those are mine.

Those are your personal touches.

You don't want anyone to steal them.

What is your store name, by the way?

Oh, it's Kissy's.

You're a Kissy's?

Kissy's.

Oh.

Kissy's.

It's Kissy's grocery store, Kissy's local grocery store, and that's also part of it.

And here's why.

I'm also kissing all these little apples.

That's a personal touch.

It's one of my personal touches.

Get them all nice and shiny, give them a nice little kiss.

Are there lip marks on every apple?

Not after I'm done with them.

Wait, so the lip marks are there previously and you're getting rid of them from the polishing or from the kissing?

It's a two-polish step, okay?

It's taken me a long time to get these apples out there.

I'm polishing them, getting them nice and shiny, give them a nice fat kiss.

Okay.

Then I polish them off again.

You polish them again?

Yeah, I polish them again.

They need to have been kissed, though.

Because then why would you come to Kissy's?

Why not kiss them first and then polish them?

That'll save you one step.

You want to kiss them?

You want to open up a store, Scott?

Because I got, this is my business here.

I'm sorry, I don't mean to presume to tell you what to do.

Albert, can I give a suggestion here?

You want to take down the big guys.

Do this.

Fool people.

Call your store Albert and Sons.

Albert?

Yes.

And then people are going to go, oh, that's Albertsons.

Remember when bonds, they sold a bunch of their stores and they just turned it to John's because no one wanted to buy four letters?

They wanted to only buy one?

Well, I'm a lot of things, Jimmy, and I'm not a liar.

I've been cursed with only daughters.

Oh, boy.

I'm sorry.

I hear that, Albert.

Oh, I'm so sorry.

Oh, so you can't make your store name a lie.

I can't make my store name a lie.

So you don't have any masculine children?

I, all my cum is feminine.

Oh, no.

This guy is full of the language.

I hope you're not talking about it while you're in the store, talking about your cum in the store.

Oh, I'm complaining about it, certainly.

The Y chromosome?

Cum?

It's all I got.

All Y's.

Albert, how many daughters do you have?

10.

10 daughters.

You think you'd be proud of- Well, I'm proud of them, certainly, but boy, do I want a son so bad.

Why do you want a son?

What can a son do that a daughter can't do?

Well, hmm.

When you put it that way, I guess nothing.

Play professional football?

We'll play professional football, of course.

Carry my family name, kick my ass, any of it.

Your family name, I mean, these days, daughters don't necessarily change their name when they get married.

I mean, you can...

And by the way, Ro is a common name.

There's a million people with Ro out there.

It's not like- Name one more.

I went to high school with a kid named Tim Ro.

Hey.

So there's one.

Do you ever sing Ro, Ro, Ro Your Boat?

Don't stop.

Right after Wheels on the Bus?

Right to his face.

That is my favorite song.

Which one?

Row, Row, Row Your Boat?

Do you like that one?

In a three-part thing?

Which part?

Like if you go, Row, Row, Row.

Let's do a four-part.

Yeah, okay.

Here we go.

You start us off.

Row, row, row your boat, gently down the stream.

No, you're just singing along with him.

Oh, come on.

You just started.

We're doing it around.

Okay.

Crystal, you do.

Okay, go ahead and start.

Row, row, row your boat, gently down the stream.

Merrily, merrily, merrily, merrily, life to put a dream.

Row, row, row your boat, gently down the stream.

Merrily, merrily, merrily, merrily, life to put a dream.

You know what we're doing?

Because we're just repeating it.

Two of us are in unison and then the other two are in unison.

Start a little earlier, Crystal.

Okay, here we go.

Row, row, row your boat, gently down the stream.

See, we did it again.

We started at the wrong time.

You got to start just a little bit earlier.

Why don't I do it?

Let's point out, by the way, that I'm perfect.

Okay, you're doing great.

You're starting to eat.

You have the lion's share of the heavy lifting.

I really do.

This is all on me.

I'm going to jump in a little earlier.

You start.

Okay, so I start.

Row, row, row your boat, gently down the stream.

It's hard to do.

It's hard.

It's very hard to do, but I'm proud of us.

This is what we do on America's Popcast.

You know what we do on my show?

What's that?

Night of Night Bottles of Beer on the Wall.

Oh, no.

Night of Night Bottles of Beer.

Never.

We have, I'm proud to say, that Kissy's local grocer.

Yeah, what do you got, Elle?

100 bottles of beer on the wall.

Is that right?

Just there.

All the same brand?

All the same.

You got 100 of the same up there.

Bud Heavies.

Oh, I love a Bud Heavies.

Bud Heavies.

I don't know what that is.

Regular Budweiser.

He hasn't been drinking in 20 years.

Oh, Bud heavy, a Bud Light, but I got you.

I see.

Oh, the world changes 20 years, Scott.

100 Bud Heavies, and you know what?

I'm polishing those bottles, kissing them, and repolishing them, baby.

What's you kiss everything?

Let's talk about the stock at your store, because it sounds like you have 100 bottles of the same beer.

That's right.

A lot of apples that you've kissed.

What else do you sell there?

I got veal.

You got veal?

Are you growing it yourself out in the back?

Of course, Scott.

Okay, so you have little cages.

I got small little cages.

Okay.

So, and what else?

Anything else?

What else we got?

We got cereal.

What's the top selling cereal?

The first podcast.

Yeah, we have box sets of the podcast cereal.

Oh, you got that one.

Box sets on CD.

Yeah, on CD, yeah.

Or cassette or mini disc.

We have them all.

They're multi format.

How are those selling?

They're selling like hotcakes, which we also have.

That's how I know the comparison.

So it's a one to one?

It's one to one, exactly.

Really?

I wouldn't expect that.

I mean, either.

Then again, I'm not sure why you're making the hotcakes.

Yeah, you make them all the way?

You go into a grocery store.

You smell, usually it's fried chicken.

You smell that fried chicken, you're like, oh man, I wasn't thinking about it.

Now I want some fried chicken.

You smell hotcakes at Kissy's local grocer?

I'm buying hotcakes.

You're buying hotcakes.

Yeah, you got that right.

As long as I buy a cereal box set.

It is.

You cannot leave until you buy both.

Do you kiss the hotcakes after you make them?

Well, I'm kissing every element as they're going and I'm kissing every single product you kiss.

I'm polishing those eggs, kissing the eggs, polishing and cracking the eggs.

You're cracking them?

Yeah.

To make the hotcakes.

To make the bad one.

Oh, okay.

So you don't sell eggs?

We do not sell eggs.

So you just use them to make the hotcakes?

Yes.

Those are for my personal use only.

And are they labeled as such?

If anyone were to come by and try to buy them?

There's a big sign.

Don't you dare touch my fucking eggs.

Wow.

You're just looking at the language.

Okay.

I'm not, you know, this is, I mean, it's a unique store.

It's like equal parts loving and aggressive.

I like it.

Thank you.

Yeah.

No, that's what I think people are coming to for my grocery store.

But the other ones, you know what they're coming for.

Oh, your neck.

Of course.

Yeah.

How long have you been open?

It's about like two weeks.

You're only up 14 days and they're already after you.

They're after me because you know what?

They're fucking scared.

That's why Jimmy.

I mean, it's that personal touch.

I mean, look, I mean, Kissy's it's a unique store.

I would go to it once.

Probably.

I don't know that I would eat anything from it because you don't want to have some of these hotcakes.

You did bring some hotcakes.

I wasn't going to mention it.

And the minute you walked in here, I was like, the smell is walking through the studio.

Oh, it certainly is.

Uh, you want some hotcakes?

I do enjoy a nice hotcake.

I want you to make a plate for Crystal.

Make a plate for Jimmy.

Make a plate for myself.

Don't kiss.

Yeah.

Please don't kiss them.

Okay.

Well I can't make them if I don't kiss them.

You've already kissed the eggs.

You've prepared them.

Sure, but I wasn't done in my preparations.

He's only kissed the shells of the eggs and presumably thrown them away.

I gotta kiss that yolk.

Oh no.

I gotta kiss the batter.

I gotta kiss the whisk.

You're kissing every single...

Even the whisk!

Well, yeah, I crafted it with my metals.

Wait, you're a metallurgist?

Everything I touch, I have to do myself.

I don't understand why this is so hard to comprehend.

So everything's made from scratch at your store.

Everything's made from scratch.

Including all of the materials, the building materials.

I built the building myself.

You chopped down the trees?

I chopped down the trees, I built the axe, all of it.

Wow.

What did you use to build the axe?

Well, I had to...

Did you have to chop down a different tree?

I had to knock down a much smaller tree that I could do with my own hands first.

You're just like your cop show, trying to get a door open?

Yeah, well, I didn't even have a battering ram.

I had to throw my own weight at a very small tree for, I'll say, a long time.

Yeah.

But you knocked it over.

Knocked it over.

And then you went into your...

What do you call your metal room?

My metal room.

Okay.

And then you fashioned the axe.

Do you have a mold for that or did you...

This goes way back...

I mean, look, I started my life as a blacksmith, okay?

So I do have...

I have a...

What do you call it?

A heating iron.

I have a...

What do you call it?

You're the one who started.

There's just so many...

I have so many different facets to my personality.

I have to remember which things I'm talking about.

So I have a heating iron.

I have the sort of molten...

The smoldering thing?

Yes, the smoldering iron.

I have all of it.

Smoldering, is that what you call it?

No, that's for something else.

That's for my wires in my wire room.

You have a wire room?

Yeah.

What is your house like?

It's a multi-room home.

Multi-room?

Some room is for metal, some room is for wires, and some of it is for, well, the veal cages.

Oh, okay.

Oh, the veal inside the house?

They live there?

Yeah, I don't have a backyard.

Oh, wait a minute.

Apartment living for you.

Oh, okay.

Oh, boy.

Well, and how much does everything retail for there at the store?

We try to be competitive, so obviously things at Trader Joe's typically cost like $4, and then everything else at other stores can vary, but I'd like to say we stick to market prices.

So you're competitive.

Everything about your store was so weird, except for your prices.

Well, you know, at this day and age, you got to stay competitive.

So I got to...

Hey, I respect it.

If you're keeping costs down, I mean, that's one way...

I'm losing money on this store, but in order to stay in business, I got to stay competitive.

Why switch from the blacksmith job, which apparently you've done all your life up till two weeks ago, to start this crazy store?

When was the last thing you need something forged?

You haven't had anything forged in forever, have you?

That's a good point.

I never have.

No one's coming to the blacksmith, but you probably want an apple after I'm talking about it, don't you?

I kind of want an apple.

I do.

Yeah.

Keeps the doctor away, doesn't it?

I love a shiny apple, so yeah.

Thank you.

Let's do a round of an apple a day keeps the doctor away.

Jimmy, you start.

An apple a day keeps the doctor away.

We're all just ending up on the same rhythm.

Well, strongly saying.

We need a metronome.

Could you fashion us a metronome?

Oh, yeah.

Well, I don't have any of my materials.

I'm going to need to knock down a tree.

I'm going to need a little- Wait, you have an axe, don't you?

Yeah, but I'm carrying all my stuff with me, Scott.

I could do this, but you're going to have to go home, get my stuff.

Go home.

Don't knock down the tree just because it's here.

Go home and do this.

Okay, I do have the materials at home.

I'll build us a metronome.

Okay.

Who's minding the store right now, Albert, if you're here?

There's a big sign that says, don't you fucking come in here.

Oh, Jesus.

But it's open?

It is open.

I didn't build a door.

You're going to go back to here and find yourself apple-less.

If that happens, I swear to God, I'm going to go knock on Jeff Bezos' door because I'm going to see if he's got all my apples.

You think it's that van?

Well, it has to be the van.

It's his van.

He's loading it up with my apples.

How do you know it's his van?

Does it say Amazon on it?

It says Amazon delivery.

Oh, boy, yeah.

It's just delivering things, though.

Well, it has to come from somewhere, doesn't it?

They're stealing your apples and delivering them.

So they're the Robin Hood of grocers.

So they'll reverse Robin Hood because he sounds like the little guy.

Sounds like the poor.

They're the liver to the rich.

Are you independently wealthy?

Are you more wealthy than Jeff Bezos?

I was born into immense wealth, yes.

Why are you living in this apartment?

This is a twist.

Because look, you got to save money to make money.

If I buy a home, that's all of my savings gone.

But if I'm renting- Yeah, but it's a great investment, buying property rather than throwing your money down the toilet in an apartment.

I was born into inherited wealth, but I refuse to use it, okay?

Who are your parents when you say you were born into it?

Jeff Bezos is my dad.

What?

This is the twin.

This is you getting back at the old man.

Jeff Bezos is my dad, and- No wonder the van is out there.

He's worried about you.

Hang on.

You're throwing away all of his money.

Do you also work for Amazon?

In a roundabout way, I guess you could say I'm on their payroll, but I don't work for them and I bend to no one.

Okay.

Let me ask you a different way.

Yeah.

Is the van yours?

The van?

Is that your car?

It was given to me for my sweet 16, if that's what you're asking me.

Why does it surprise you that you see the van out front if it's yours?

Because I said, Daddy Bezos, I don't want it.

Why do you want your family name, Roe, which you've obviously adopted to continue on, when your real name is Bezos?

It's because I'm trying to start fresh here, okay?

I'm trying to distance myself from the Bezos family fortune, okay?

I don't want their money.

Just because I have the money doesn't mean I want it.

Sweet 16, you have $10.

That's a lot of sweet 16 parties.

Yeah.

Can you believe it?

That's like a sweet 160.

That's right.

And boy, I'm not looking forward to that year.

None of them are 16 yet?

Wait, they're all- How old are they?

What are they?

Not quintuplets.

They're not septable.

What is it?

Dectuplets?

Well, no, they're not all from the same mother, but I had 10 children in one calendar year.

What?

In one year?

From different mothers.

Some of them are twins, so it's not as bad as you think.

What?

It's not the Winklevosses, is it?

Oh, God.

And the twins.

No, it's not those twins.

Hey, quick quiz, Albert.

What are the Winklevosses' names?

Oh, because I have twins, I have to know all the famous twins.

Do I?

Yeah.

Jerry and Leonard.

Nope.

Sorry, for a million dollars.

Do we know that's right?

Yeah.

All right.

It doesn't sound right.

I'll cut you a check for a million from my daddy's money.

Whoa.

Albert Bezos.

Thank ... What?

It's Ro.

You have a crazy plan here, but you know what?

You have a lot of spunk, you have a lot of gumption.

Thank you.

I hope you do well.

Please come by and have some of my delicious kissed fruit.

It sounds like you just wanted to kiss a bunch of things and are using your dad's money in order to ... I did not want to kiss all of it, but it's what I'm bringing to the table.

And if that sounds like it's for you, come to Kiss.

He's located on Firestone Boulevard in Dowdy, California.

You're not kissing the customers, are you?

No.

You look like you're lying.

You got an impish smile.

I'm not kissing them unless they say, may I have a kiss?

And I do wear a button that says, ask me, may I have a kiss?

Ask me, may I have a kiss?

Does it say, and I will kiss you on it?

Because that could be it.

No, they don't know it's going to happen.

Yeah.

Well, on the back it says- On the back of the button?

Yeah, on the back.

So they can't see it, but it does say it.

Okay.

All right.

But it's there for legal reasons.

It's there.

I see.

You might get kissed.

Look, if you come to Kissy's, it does say that on the store window as well.

If you come to Kissy's, you just might get kissed.

There's a lot of stuff on this store window.

Don't you fucking dare come in here.

It's mostly window.

I built a glass store.

Oh.

Oh, fruit's getting hot.

Fruit, yeah.

That's a hot store.

It's getting real hot in there.

Especially in Downey, California.

The temperature's getting up there.

Yeah.

Well, good luck to you, Albert.

Thank you.

I don't know why you're doing this.

It seems like if were I you, I would just relax and father more children and...

You just got to keep busy, Scott.

You know.

You know how it is.

Busy as a Bezos.

Yeah.

No.

Wait, you liked it for a second.

I liked it because I love a turn of phrase.

What's your favorite turn of phrase?

Before we go to plugs, what is your favorite turn of phrase?

You love them so much.

Where's the beef?

We talked about where's the beef earlier.

That beef earlier.

Oh, Kismet.

Interesting.

He wasn't here yet.

No.

Oh, yeah.

Ask me if you can kismet.

Oh, God.

I'm putting that on the window.

What else is on the window, by the way?

A lot of stuff?

It says there's no door.

It says thank you for...

Don't come to those other stores.

You know the ones.

Ralph's, Von's, Pavilion.

This is all of these...

Coming for your neck?

Is that on the store window?

Leave my neck alone is what it says.

Oh, okay.

All right.

Well, look, we're running out of time.

I could talk to you, Albert, about your various eccentricities for a long time, but we have no more time left.

We only have time for one final feature on the show, and that is a little something called Plugs.

The plural of deer is deer, and the plural of fish is fish.

But we all know the plural of Plugs.

Plugs is a sis.

Plugs is sis.

Oh, Plugs is sis.

Plugs is sis.

I wish you would give me a plug.

Oh, an abrupt ending there.

That was a plural of Plugs is Plugsisis.

That was by Eric Taylor.

What do you think?

That's a classic rock in honor of you.

That's ET, huh?

Yeah, a little ET.

He's Eric Taylor.

Instead of phoning home, he decided to make us a little plug scene.

That's right.

What do you think about that?

I thought it was classic rock and bobs.

Sure.

Why not?

All right.

What are we plugging?

We're going to do a milestone episode this week.

Never Not Funny 1000 episode.

I also have Jimmy's records and tapes over on YouTube.

What is that?

That is my weekly web series where I tell stories about my life through my record collection.

Oh, okay.

So instead of writing a book, you have a YouTube channel.

Yeah.

Nobody had to ask.

I didn't have to ask somebody to publish that.

You had to ask YouTube probably, didn't you?

Do you get permission from YouTube to put it up on YouTube?

I've got people that do all this for me.

So you have to ask, may I put you up on YouTube?

I think you do.

YouTube?

Yeah.

All right.

Well, check that out.

And that's going to be an incredible...

Hopefully there's going to be a big money wind tunnel this Wednesday and I'll drop by if that's the case.

I don't know how...

Again, there's some sort of surprises going on on the 1000th episode.

All right.

We'll see.

Jimmyparto.com for all of your Pardo needs.

Sure.

But Never Not Funny as well.

That only serves some of your Pardo needs?

Never Not Funny will just serve the podcasting needs.

Interesting.

All right.

Let's head over to Crystal Del Rey Jenner.

Where do you plug it over here?

I don't have much to plug in.

You can just follow me on Twitter.

What is your Twitter handle?

My Twitter is at Nicole, N-I-C-C-O-L-E dot...

Oh, no.

At Nicole Thurman.

So it's at N-I-C-C-O-L-E.

Almost like you were giving away an email address.

T-H-U-R-M-N.

I definitely was starting to give away my email address.

And what are the various email servers?

Gmail, Hotmail, AOL.

AOL.

And what do you use?

You started your own?

I would imagine.

I use dogpile.com.

What do you use?

Dogpile.

So go ahead and check that out on Twitter.

If you can figure out what I just said, yes, please do.

Yeah, I don't know what relation that has to you, but how about you, Albert?

Well for me, there's this podcast that I play in the store on the store radio.

We don't do any of the classic store songs you would hear, but we play...

You don't do the easy listening.

You don't do the hot hits of the 90s.

You're not going to hear more than words in my grocery store.

You're not going to hear...

Is that on the window?

Yes, it's on the window.

It's all on the window.

The whole thing is a window, so you can imagine how it's just a lot of words.

Yeah, you've got to fill up that space.

Yeah, but we play this podcast by this young upstart, Matt Apodaca.

It's called What's These Homies Talking About Weezer.

We play that podcast where he talks about Weezer with fun people.

I was on that show once.

Were you?

Yeah.

Oh, and then...

Wait, you listen to it all the time in your store and you don't remember?

Yeah, I guess we're not there yet.

I guess we're getting to it.

The store's only been open for two weeks.

Okay, but you're playing it all the time.

He's not there yet.

How long are these episodes?

I've never heard it.

All right.

It's very good.

Jimmy, you like Weezer?

I don't.

Okay.

You don't want to be on that show then.

I did buy my wife tickets to go see that tour that they're on.

Oh, yes, the Hell Omega tour.

With Green Day?

With Green Day.

How do you know so much?

Oh, well, you've been listening to the show.

That's right.

He's got another one called Candy Dinner that he puts out sometimes, and then check out his other show, How Did This Get Played?

Very good stuff.

Then you can follow him on Twitter, at Matt Apodaca.

All right.

He's a big fan of Matt Apodaca.

I love the guy.

He's great.

He's the best.

I'm going to give him a kiss.

You're going to try to kiss him?

That's right.

If you can trick him into reading that button.

Oh, he's easily tricked.

This is like a Mr. Mixleplicks kind of thing.

If you can trick him into saying, hey, may I give you a kiss?

Pucker up.

I want to plug, look, not a lot going on out here in my neck of the woods.

You can certainly check out the Comedy Bang Bang TV show on Netflix if you're within America.

If you're in Canada or elsewhere, you're out of luck.

All right.

Let's close up the old Plug Bag.

You start with a C when you want to close it up.

You lead with an L and then you open up the Plug Bag.

Open up the Plug Bag.

Take your hands and open it up.

Then Horatio comes in and he just says, open up the Plug Bag.

Open up the Plug Bag.

Everybody wants to open up the Plug Bag.

Just keep it fucking open up the Plug.

Open up the Plug.

Open it up.

Hmm.

That's the short version.

That is the Dharma Initiative remix.

I do miss the Gangsta's Paradise part of that.

Jimmy, you don't know what we're talking about, right?

Do you like the song Gangsta's Paradise?

I don't dislike it.

What does that mean?

I kind of like the Weird Al version.

What about the Stevie Wonder, the original?

Pastime Paradise is what it all comes from.

From the Songs and the Key of Life album.

I only listen to sighted people.

What's that?

I don't listen.

Oh, you only listen to sighted musicians?

Yes.

Well, you know, there's a big conspiracy theory out there that Stevie can see.

Oh, wait, then I'm on board.

You've heard about this crystal?

There's a huge conspiracy theory about it.

You've heard about this crystal?

Oh, yeah, I've heard it.

I think if you ever see Stevie Wonder, throw something at him.

And we'll find out for sure.

Brady Bucks is son of a bitch, huh?

He can see.

Marsha, Marsha, Marsha, that son of a bitch.

I'm gonna do it.

Guys, I want to thank you so much, Jimmy.

Always great to see you.

My pleasure.

Thank you for having me.

Please come back.

Not as often as I come on your show.

Although it has been.

You've been on twice this calendar year.

The fiscal year.

But within a year?

Yeah, you certainly have.

I always enjoy having you.

I'm thrilled to be here whenever I come.

One of our great guests.

Crystal, so good to see you.

Meet you.

Yeah.

Get your life together.

I'll try to, yeah.

I think I need to.

You should.

Thank you so much for having me.

Certainly you can't engage in a spiral even further into depravity.

No.

But I hope that you, almost like that cyclone that presumably your son might still be in.

It's possible, yeah.

You know, I hope that you spin out of this and get your life together.

Well, thank you.

I appreciate you.

Well, Albert, look, you don't need to get your life together.

I think you know what you're doing.

I think you got it all going on.

Everything's going great for me.

Me and my ten daughters.

They're going to split up your riches ten ways.

And you know what?

Come and get it.

Come for my neck, daughters.

Wait, I'm not saying they're going to kill you.

I'm saying that when you do pass on, presumably unless you write one of them out of the will.

I haven't thought about it, but we'll see.

I haven't thought about dying yet.

I'm quite young myself.

You have ten daughters, but that was, I guess that's not within your head.

I guess that's not within ten different years.

It's all within one year.

How old of a man are you?

I'm 29.

29.

And so all your daughters are what?

One, two?

Eh, they're like eight.

Not sure.

If you want an eight-year-old son, I've got one for you.

You can have him.

Oh, yeah, she's still going to get rid of a kid.

Yeah.

I don't know the kids yours to get rid of, though.

It seems like the dad has a lock on him.

My husband might be okay with it.

We can do one for one, probably.

Do a little trade.

I don't know if I want another one.

I want a kid.

Does your son like to be kissed?

Oh, my son?

He likes to be kissed a lot.

He actually likes to be polished, too, so he might be perfect to me.

This sounds like it might be a good trade.

Right.

One for one.

I don't know.

I've got to pick which one I'm going to give away, I guess.

Yeah, which one do you not like?

Hmm.

Amber's a little...

Amber?

What's going on with Amber?

She's just so much.

So much.

Yeah, I mean, you're a lot.

I don't know if you know that.

That must mean something, then.

If I'm saying it...

Right, yeah, that's a good point.

Yikes.

What does Amber do?

She's just always coming for my fucking neck.

She's coming for you.

Yeah, right.

Right.

I always look at her going like this.

She's doing a thumb across the neck right at her.

She's doing the slit your throat motion with her neck?

Yeah.

Really?

She's very on the nose because she's a child.

She doesn't know how to be subtle.

She doesn't know how to use a metaphor?

No.

Yeah.

And she said that the central metaphor of Parasite doesn't hold up, either.

Really?

Yeah.

That sounds like it's a Neil Brennan kind of thing.

Right.

She should get together with him.

Yeah.

We'll see you getting together.

We'll get together with you next time.

We'll see you later.

Thanks.

Bye.

Heroes.

you Thank you.
