♪ Comedy Bang Bang by Rowlan ♪ Don't look at me officer, I stole this hotdog cart fair and square.

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

Thank you, Euripides Shorts, for that catchphrase submission, but I do not believe it's going to stick.

I gotta keep the search on, gotta keep the hunt for a new catchphrase continuing.

I am not satisfied with that one.

But you know what I am satisfied with is the upcoming episode that you're going to enjoy of Comedy Bang Bang.

My name is Scott Aukerman and I am the host of Comedy Bang Bang.

This truly is, of course, America's podcast, as well as the show where we talk to interesting people.

And I, you know, the whole America's podcast thing, I didn't decide it.

America decided it.

Some people who are upset, you know, with other podcasts, some people are like, hey, why aren't I America's podcast?

I didn't decide.

Some people are like, we already christened ourselves America's podcast.

Well, sorry, America thinks it's Comedy Bang Bang now.

I don't know what to say.

But anyway, welcome to it.

I hope you enjoyed anyone who is in any of the Americas, as well as outside of the America.

You know, I do feel bad about the I know we have great fans in Australia and the United Kingdom, so united these days.

But it is America's podcast, at least for the time being.

So I hope you can enjoy it.

Coming up on the show today, we have a we have an old friend stopping by that we have not spoken to in a while.

And I'm very excited to talk to him.

I believe it's been four years.

Oh, my gosh. His eyes just lit up since since we've spoken to him.

And we had a very interesting conversation the last time he was here.

Perhaps he can remind me exactly what we talked about.

Please welcome back to the show.

I can't remember your Christian name, but you're it's been four years.

What is your Christian name again? Maxwell Keeper. Of course.

Tis I the very time keeper.

Tis he the very time keeper.

Welcome back to the show.

Maxwell, tick tock, tick tock. Of course.

Yes. Hip hip hip hooray.

All of the above.

We thought I'd get them out of the way.

It's been a while.

Is that the entirety of your catchphrases? I cannot remember.

That's all both of them.

What was the second one?

Hip hip hip hip hooray hip and that's just a Florida saying.

OK, Florida boy.

Are you from Florida? Tallahassee.

Oh, that's right. That is right.

One of our I guess the Florida guests.

There are a few of them, but they are the proud, the strong.

You are. I would guess they average about one in 50 guests.

Perhaps, although I don't know, it seems like a lot of people from Los Angeles.

Oh, really? Oh, I just assumed mainly because proximity to the studio.

I thought this was sort of a state project kind of a podcast.

It is America's podcast, as well as a state project type podcast as well. Yes.

Do you mean the Sufjan Stevens state project?

Yes, Sufjan.

Is it Sufjan or Sufjan?

He likes both.

He does. He really does.

He smile when anyone says either of them.

Yes. And then frowns the rest of the time.

Oh, no. Poor Sufjan or Sufgan.

What is it? Sufjan?

Sufjan.

Welcome back to the show, Maxwell.

It's so great to I'm sure we didn't come here to talk about Mr. Stevens.

We're here to talk about you, are we not? Yes, Mr. Keeper.

Remind me exactly the last time you were on the show.

I believe you were it was around your birthday. Yes.

Leap Day. Leap Day is your birthday.

February 29th. Yes.

I turned 32 now 36.

OK, so you are 36 and you don't celebrate the ones in between.

Mm hmm. OK.

You can say no or nay. OK.

So you are now 36.

You just had a birthday.

That is true. Tis true.

Wonderful news. How did you celebrate?

I looked at time all day.

Every clock I could see digital clocks.

How many grandfathered clocks?

I ran up and down the street, house to house, knocking on doors.

I say, can I look at every clock in thine house?

And who let you in?

How many people?

Just two. Just two.

My old babysitter let me in.

OK, it's two more than I thought would let you in.

Yes. So your old babysitter was a two more.

OK, thank you, Mr.

Schwarzenegger.

So that sounds like a wonderful way to spend the day.

It was a wonderful time for for those of you who don't know Maxwell Keeper.

Describe your deal.

Oh, gladly.

I love and celebrate time.

That's all. Short and succinct.

Yes, I love time.

I my brother in law, Desmond Longo runs Longo Watch Repair in Tallahassee, Florida.

And I work there as an intern calling people when they have their watch in.

I'll call them every 10 minutes and let them know what time it is.

Right. Because they don't have a watch.

They don't have a watch.

So they need to know what time it is.

And why are you not just staying on the line with them and counting down the seconds?

Why is it a lot of calls to make?

I hang up and I call someone else.

You stagger them then?

Yes. Yes.

How many watches are staggering about?

How many watches are under repair at any given time?

Oh, your eyes just lit up again.

I was thinking, well, they lit up, but then they started felt tears thinking of those broken watches.

But Desmond fixes them posthaste.

Certainly so. But how how many are there under repair?

Oh, roughly 17 at any given time.

Seventeen. So you're you're you're not calling everyone on the tens.

Exactly. Are you are you staggering it so that you call one of the people, you know, when it's like 10, 10.

It depends on what time they dropped it off. Oh, really?

Yes, it begins 10 minutes to the to the minute to the minute after they drop it off.

So some people maybe drop it off at 10, 10, and some people drop it off at 10, 20 in the morning.

So you're calling those people on the back to back. Yeah, right.

I'm rolling calls, baby.

OK, just like Jeremy Piven.

Do you see does he sing Jeremy Piven? Does he sing?

I don't know. Does he sing Jeremy Piven?

This one's escaping me.

I his brother in law is a famous person, too, though.

Who's that? Who's he to whom is he married?

Oh, I was thinking he's Adam McKay. Oh, OK.

Yeah, I know there's some sort of familial connection.

I think I don't know. Maybe I should have speculate. Look, you know, I'm not a prospector.

No, you are. You are very good at time related issues.

Maybe not so much of the entertainment.

Well, that's that's kind of what I've been getting into lately, though.

What does that mean?

So we've covered, though, you work for your brother.

Yes, it worked. Four years ago, wonderful amount of time.

No, I'm unpaid.

And four years ago, I came to an organization had recruited me, the Timies.

Right. We came one time.

We talked to you on your birthday. The Timies.

They turned out that they just wanted money.

They thought time was money. Hmm.

I rejected time. I'm happy to say I'm back.

You're back, baby. I'm back.

I've been I like time again.

I like time and I'm working for a special interest group.

Oh, OK. This is very interesting.

K Street. Wow.

In Washington, D.C. right there. K stands for the K and clock.

That's what I always say.

Now, you're not talking about us misspelling clock to where it starts with a K.

You're talking about the K at the end of clock. Yes. Very good. Very good.

You can't spell clock without two C's, can you?

Hmm. Now or one CC, I guess.

Oh, for all the people in the medical profession.

Mm hmm. Mm hmm.

Do you worry about that band 10 CC's?

I haven't listened to nary a tune of theirs.

The things we do for love. Huh?

You also you you don't have a girlfriend or anything like that.

Nay nay. Right. Were you dating anyone?

I can't recall. I had a crush on Lisa Porsche.

Oh, that's right. Lisa Porsche.

But she was murdered.

I don't remember this.

No, it happened in the last four years.

Oh, she was murdered in the last four years. Yes. Yes.

It was what happened by not by you.

Not now. Nay.

I was I was saddened by it.

No, they was mysterious.

By whom was she murdered?

We don't know. She just passed away one night.

But you said murdered.

She I mean, you can't say she just passed away.

Sure. There was a knife in her chest.

All right. Well, I never really you know, I just had a crush.

You had a crush. Are you didn't keep up with her?

No. Yeah. OK, so now you're working for are you working out of D.C.?

I call them and and say, what's what's Kate Street want me to do today?

That's every single day. Is that every 10 minutes as well?

I fit that in between the other calls. OK.

And so I and so I'm working for a special interest group.

We're trying to raise awareness of time.

We like it's an election year.

It's a year of a census as well.

Yes. We love that people say the word year a lot.

Right. OK, so that's that's very big for us.

Do you were you excited when the new year rolled around and it was 2020 and you knew every week there'd be an advertisement for the year?

Yes. Yes.

We on ABC on Thursdays. Exactly.

That's still on. Yes.

Hugh Downs' hologram hosted.

So so you are trying to spread awareness of the concept of time.

Yes. So we meet with different cultural elites and try to get them to put mentions of time in their works or to bring it up on the debate stage with candidates.

You know, you don't see a lot of I guess every script potentially as a ticking clock element at the end, where like the protagonist needs to achieve something in a certain amount of.

Well, time. But you don't see a lot of characters in movies or television like looking at their watches, glancing at their watches.

Well, and also, if you ever see a rough cut of a film, they have the time code on it.

But by the time they get released, it's not on any print anymore.

How do you know that? Have you seen rough cuts of films?

Yes. They showed me in the in the in our offices and our secret theater.

They said, look at this.

You need to go out to Hollywood and meet with all the studio execs and say, keep the time code on the print when you release the film.

So I've been pushing for that.

You've been pushing for people to release the time code, release the time code.

But I you know, I met with Tarantino, who's finishing up a film.

Oh, he is really.

He was no, this was over the last four years.

Oh, he was going to call it those misbehaving mansions.

And I said, well, you should put the word time in the title.

And how did he take that?

I mean, I don't know that he tends to listen to a lot of people trying to.

He kissed me on the lips and said, thank you, I will. Wow.

And he called it once upon a time in Hollywood.

Oh, and you know what?

He even sort of highlighted that word time by putting an ellipsis right after it in order to separate it exactly from the rest of the title.

Now, we're going to call the upcoming film Wonder Woman, too.

I said, put a year at the end of it.

OK, so 1984 is right.

So we've been getting all the time out.

Wow. You've been successful in those two endeavors.

Yeah. I said, Justin Bieber, go meet with Dan and Shay and make it make a song about a length of time any amount will do.

And I don't recall what that 10,000 hours, 10,000 hours.

I mean, that's I mean, I mean, it's either feast or famine with time sometimes.

And if you're looking at 10,000 hours, I mean, your eyes must be bigger than their stomach.

Tis true indeed.

Do I hear a secret?

Ah, do I want to hear a secret?

That's a good question.

This is real insider stuff.

I guess I want to hear a secret. Sure.

Yeah, hit me. What do you got?

You know, Malcolm Gladwell.

Sure. It takes 10,000 hours to become an expert at something.

Of course. Do you think he took 10,000 hours in order to become an expert on being an expert? Yes. Great.

It actually is 10,007 hours.

What? We did the math. 10,007.

Yes. If you do something, only for 10,000 hours, you won't be an expert.

You have to do seven more hours.

Do you think he was rounding down?

I think so. To sell units.

I mean, I guess that sounds a lot more achievable than 10,007.

Yes. Yeah.

But I just I feel terrible for those neglected seven hours.

Seven hours is a wonderful amount of time after all. Sure.

Of course. I mean, name the types of things one could do in seven hours.

You could work from nine to four.

You could watch Godfather two twice. Yes.

You can watch the Irishman at half speed once.

Not all of it, probably.

Yes. You have to speed it up towards the end.

Yeah. You got to cut it off before the credits. Yeah.

So that sounds amazing.

You've been able to be so successful and you're out there doing it personally as well. Yeah, I'm out there.

Yes. And we got a big a big coup coming up, a big a big get for us. Really?

The next Bond movie is a certain word in the title.

Oh, that's right. Was that you're doing the next Bond movie, of course, is entitled No Time to Die.

Wow. No ellipsis in that, of course. No.

Didn't do the full Tarantino.

Mm hmm. But that's incredible.

What was it called before?

It was called Kooky Killer Bond.

Kooky. So it was describing James Bond or it was describing whom he was the person he was chasing.

I don't know. They did it.

They did a big page one rewrite after they changed the title.

They had to rewrite the entire plot. Yes.

To make him not a kooky killer anymore. Yes.

And to have him not have enough time in order to die.

Exactly.

Wow. Well, that's incredible.

So I heard about that movie taking a little, well, time off in between shooting.

Yes. So that must have been the reason. It was. Yes.

And then we got a big song out of it, too.

And I, I co-wrote the lyrics.

You co-wrote the lyrics to Billie Eilish's hit theme?

Yes. No Time to Die. No Time to Die?

And she changed, you know, she rewrote them.

Considerably? Yes. Significantly.

OK. Did she do a page one rewrite of your lyrics?

Yes. Yes. Stansa one rewrite.

Yeah. I mean, usually lyrics are maybe about one page.

Sometimes they dip over into a second page.

Like if you ever print out song lyrics in order to sing it.

Yes. Every time I hear a song, I do that.

Yes. You'll waste a lot of paper on the second page because usually it's like, you know, one or two lines. Yes.

And then just a chorus. Yeah, exactly.

It's like I don't need the second page.

I could remember that a chorus comes at the end. Yes.

Well, that's incredible. Congratulations. Thank you.

And this is a maybe a big ask.

But do you have the original lyrics to the Billie Eilish song?

Yes. In my memory.

You remember them all? Indeed.

Oh, OK. Would it be possible for you to recite them then?

Yes.

Will you do that now?

I shall. Go ahead with the then.

OK, here we go. This is incredible.

This is this is the original first draft lyrics to No Time to Die.

The James Bond spectacular coming out in theaters soon. Yes.

And they please go see it.

The lyrics will start soon.

That's that was that that was early.

OK, so a little reminder for those coming up, everyone.

Not fans of instrumentals. OK.

I should have known.

My watch would get fixed.

Because Desmond Longo is the very, very best in the biz.

He knows all about watch repair.

He should be a billionaire.

Great brother in law, too.

And he once took Maxwell Kieper to the zoo.

Does he listen to Max talk when Max talks about time?

Does a broken clock need to wind?

Well, I've fallen for time.

I love when a clock is right.

I'll ask once, I'll ask twice.

Don't you think that time is nice?

Now you'll never see me cry.

There's just no time to die. OK.

She only kept the last two lines.

OK. Yeah.

She said people won't know who Desmond Longo or Maxwell Kieper are.

I mean, would I sing about them?

So many questions come to mind in hearing all of those lyrics.

Primarily, how was that day of the zoo?

It was fun. I got a giraffe watch.

You wait, you watched a giraffe or.

Well, when you put it that way, I did.

Yes, I watched a giraffe.

I said, watch it.

Turn out as fair play.

That's what Desmond said.

So what a great guy.

Watching the giraffe was so much fun.

He said, well, turn about this fair play.

You may as well get a giraffe watch.

She got a giraffe watch.

She said, could such a thing exist?

And they had it right there in the store.

Now I have to ask about this giraffe.

Giraffe watch is the big hand, the neck of the giraffe, or is the body of the watch shaped like a giraffe?

In which case it would I would think it would be a very clunky thing to be upon a wrist.

No, the the big hand is the neck and head of the giraffe.

OK, and then the small hand is the tail.

OK, and it's like facing you straight on.

So sometimes it looks like a freakish mutant giraffe frequently.

Well, that is incredible.

I do. Did it start as a jingle for Longo's Watch Repair?

Yes. OK.

I thought I could have thought I'd kill two birds with one stone.

OK, to bond theme and get some business for Desmond.

OK, well, unfortunately, no one will hear the original version.

So Desmond, but now they will.

Maybe this one will charge.

It's so nice of you to do that for Desmond.

Does he appreciate that kind of thing? Did you play it for him?

I did. Yes. What did he say?

He patted me on the head twice. Really? Yes.

Did you say anything like turn about his fair play?

Like he was going to write a song for you or?

No, but I hope he does.

You aren't surprising me with him, are you?

No, he's not here, unfortunately.

There's no one else but you on this episode.

Oh, OK. That is incredible.

I mean, thank you.

The mirror, you know, what was it?

The meerkat? Is that what you were going to say?

I saw one of those at the zoo. Yes, you watched one.

I watched one. He stood on the side of meerkat saw.

Yes. OK. I saw meerkat.

Turn about, of course, on the drive home.

Desmond said, what?

And as previously mentioned, his home depot depot.

We got the hey, but a song and found a meerkat sticker.

Yeah, of course. Yeah, I understand the whole.

Oh, yes. Yeah. I don't know.

Explain shopping to you.

Yes. I bet you bought all sorts of things.

And that's that's really incredible.

You know, what's even more incredible is the fact that I was just looking on iTunes and found there was a no time to die karaoke version that you could have brought in here.

Oh, but I don't know when the words ago.

Well, Maxwell, this is a what an achievement.

I mean, some major Hollywood releases out there.

It sounds like you're doing your job very well.

And thank you. And then if you know, if you want to mention time or change the name of the podcast, what would it be?

A comedy time time or comedy time time time?

Pangbang or comedy time bang comedy bang time comedy bang time.

Oh, no, I don't know. Not in this climate. Oh, yes.

I mean, it's the warmest weather on record. Yes.

People don't want to think about banging when they're so hot.

Exactly. They want to cool down with some post coitus.

Well, I love him.

I'll try to mention time as much as I can, if that's OK.

Oh, that's all I ask.

But you know what?

Speaking of time, it is time for us to take a break, if that's OK.

Oh, I would love that.

Would you? Why is that?

Because it's time well spent.

Listening to advertisements and the like.

Yes, I hope your listeners buy every single product advertised.

Well, I would love it if your brother were to advertise at some point.

We could use some of that Longo watch repair business, although I feel like we've given him some free press here.

That's true. Yeah.

OK, so we're going to take a break when we come back.

There's so much more to unpack here with the timekeeper, obviously.

I mean, four years is a wonderful amount of time. I agree.

Yeah. Not only a wonderful amount of time, but a long time in which to not be appraised of any of your ongoing activities.

Oh, right. So I would love to get that.

I might have popped up, by the way, on a special or something.

I don't really remember. I'm not really sure either.

Yeah, it's OK.

When we come back, we'll have more comedy bang bang.

We'll be right back after this.

Comedy Bang Bang. We're back with Maxwell Keeper.

And I was his eye to his eye.

Of course, you talk.

You want to do your third hip hip hip hooray. OK, very good.

I was reminded during the break about the show 24.

Have we ever talked about that?

I if we have in real life, I don't remember a show set in real time.

I love that. What about 1917?

1917, I was going to ask you about that.

Yeah, that's another one.

They were going to call it Roughly 1917.

Roughly 1917? Yes, just call it the aim of the year.

I found that film.

It was all set in real time.

It starts from someone sitting under a tree.

I'm not going to spoil the end for you, but you know, sitting under a tree and then the little little kid from Game of Thrones walks up to him. Sure.

But what's so fascinating about about that to me is it starts with him sitting in a tree, sitting under a tree.

Of course, they're not K-I-S-S-I-N-G.

Of course. Hold on. Let me check my dictionary. Whoa.

So within within 15 minutes, like they're in the shit, it's all set in real time.

And within 50 and within like 20, like, you know, one of them is practically dead.

Did that seem realistic to you?

I did wonder.

Because it's split up into two different periods of time.

Yes.

And so much happens within those two hours.

Yeah, it doesn't seem realistic to me. Yes, it's it's.

I think much can happen in two hours.

Sure. I mean, one could watch approximately two thirds of the Irishman on regular speed.

Well, but you know, I, I, I just appreciate anything that has time as a core element.

Sure.

I have some friends in the distance world, you know, who are always talking about how much they love distances.

And you really there are people who love distances, not time. Yes. Yeah.

They were saying, now, do you think that the troops in the trenches there, like it was about like a one minute walk to be totally safe?

You just think the bad guys going to just change the trajectory of their cannons slightly in real life, were they that close to the these?

Maybe they were. I don't know.

These distance freaks, these distance freaks, were they were they upset when they were watching the movie that people were not constantly counting out how many miles they had walked?

Because it seems like in about an hour you could walk five miles.

Yes. They think every character should have a pedometer attached, displayed the corner of the screen. Yeah.

Maybe that would have been a better title for them.

Like, you know, 13 miles or something, you know, they love eight mile.

I would imagine they do.

You should have the distance freak on sometime.

I would imagine the zoo freaks love eight mile as well because of rabbit.

Oh, yes.

Although spaghetti freaks love it.

You don't see a lot of rabbits in the zoo, I guess. Or did you?

No, no. So no rabbit cells at your house.

You know, I have a friend who's a farmer and he's always chasing out the rabbit.

They're always trying to steal his crop.

Of course, of course.

Well, it's so wonderful to talk to you.

I I could talk to you for hours here and, you know, so much to unpack.

Hey, Maxwell, you don't need to shout hey at me.

I know we're in the middle of an interview.

Tis not I. Is y'all safe?

Wait, your your catchphrase is Tis I.

But Tis not I. This is the opposite.

This is the opposite.

Are you saying JW Stillwater's catchphrase?

Is y'all safe? Hey. No. Hey. Hey.

Is y'all? Wait, now you are saying hey.

Is y'all? This is confusing.

Is y'all safe?

Well, yeah. JW Stillwater, is that you?

That's right. It's me, Scott.

Is y'all safe? I'm safe. I'm safe.

Well, Maxwell, are you safe?

I don't know.

Well, I don't know either, Maxwell Keeper, because I haven't seen you in quite some time.

Oh, your eyes just lit up again and you're crying.

I love time. How poignant.

I wish I hadn't given you that.

That was a layup. I'm mad at you.

OK, JW, I understand that you might have cause to be upset.

That's right. I do.

What exactly are you upset about, JW?

I'm not privy to what happened.

Oh, I'm not privy.

I didn't even know that you guys knew each other.

First of all, don't get all highfalutin' and use words like privy.

OK, well, what do you want me to say instead of privy?

Say, I don't know what y'all talk about.

Isn't privy a zoo? A restroom?

An outhouse. Yeah, OK.

That's right. Nothing with plumbing.

Nothing with plumbing.

That's not a bad film title.

It's got a wood door with a crescent moon carved in it.

Hopefully. If you're doing it right.

If you're doing it right, that's right.

Why is that? Is it a thing that people only use it at night?

And so you look at that and you go, oh, I'm in the right place?

What is that? Yeah, during the day, you don't void your bowels.

Really? OK. I mean, I don't.

I'm doing it all wrong.

Because it's just constantly during the day.

No, at nighttime, that's when you get rid of all the food you've been storing up in your belly.

Really? So so basically what happens is nighttime right before you go to bed, you get rid of it all. That's right.

And then you have approximately 16 hours of just storing it all up and feeling like you have to go to the restroom.

And then finally at night, you just let it all go. That's right. OK.

I mean, it's simple to understand.

I don't know. I look I don't know whether it's the fact that, you know, white privilege or anything, but I tend to let it all go whenever I want.

How is it that I only been here one minute?

We're talking about the bathroom.

You're the one who brought it up.

I came in here for you said privy.

You said privy. But you said it after me.

Stop pointing at me.

You stop pointing at me. Stop pointing at me.

You stop pointing at me.

Take the gun and do the boo over.

I'm very upset with the timekeeper.

How do you know each other?

Oh, you wouldn't you would not have been privy to this.

Yes, I was certainly not in any room that you guys ever met in.

We we had a conversation once where I invited him to join a very special organization.

Really? I was in here crying after the last episode.

His eyes was all lit up.

Yes. OK. Tears Welling.

Tears Welling. But you were Tears Welling was there.

Then he left.

You see his brother Tom.

Tom Welling was there, of course. What about Tori Spelling?

She was often the spelling bee.

Of course, she loves it. Yes.

Can you use that in a sentence with Aquila her catchphrase?

So you guys had a conversation after the last episode on February 29th.

If you can imagine people having a conversation and you weren't around.

I can't I may be solipsistic if I if I'm pronouncing that correctly.

Sex. But we're hitting all of them, by the way.

Does he does he sing Jeremy Piven?

Does does who sing Jeremy Piven? OK.

Seems like a Pearl Jam reference.

I'm not kidding.

But you do get Pearl Jam.

You understand what that is? Come right.

Come on now. You said it, too.

What do you mean I said it? You just said it. Come on now.

Now that's what I call it.

You have to come on now.

All right. What are you upset about? All right.

We had this conversation where I asked you to join a very special organization, and you said that you would.

Tis true. And then you disappeared.

Well, I guess now we can tell you what the very special organization is.

What is the organization?

I would I have no idea, no conception of what you could possibly be talking about.

It was. The order of the keepers.

The. Order of the keepers?

What's wrong with you?

Why are you? I'm stuttering.

I'm so astonished. Why are you? Are you bewildered?

Are you bewitched? Are you bothered?

Maybe. And I'm yours.

I don't know why that sounds very important, but I couldn't even speculate as to what it is. I'm not a prospector.

It's true, he's not.

Look, that doesn't have the pan.

You don't have a grizzly beard.

Is that the first step into becoming a prospector?

You've got to grow a crazy beard. Really?

Otherwise, you've got to be unkempt.

You're not. It helps you see better. Right.

What about the flap in the back of your, I guess.

What are those long johns?

Does that have to be sort of like one button open?

Right. Well, you have clothes on.

You don't have to walk around your underwear.

They seem to, though, don't they? Any time you see one.

That's not the first image I got in my mind.

Maybe I'm just thinking of one specific one.

You think it was a prospector?

Yeah, perhaps the one who's taking a bath next to Big Thunder.

Yeah, that's him. Yeah.

Cautioning everyone to hold on to their hats and their glasses, of course. Hmm.

Spectacles, the order of the keepers.

What is the order of the keepers, JW?

By the way, for those of you out there who don't know, JW Stillwater is a vigilante hero from Florida.

That's right. From Florida to Florida County, Florida. Wow.

I'm not from the big city Tallahassee.

But you're from Cumberbatch County, Cumberbatch County, Florida.

You once had a hammer stolen.

It was your inciting incident.

Not my what I prefer to be the lead off.

But yes, I had a hammer stolen.

Oh, and that was what gave you your dark night of the soul, which then turned you into akin to a dark night of crime fighter.

Because I realized that the the police in Cumberbatch County is corrupt. Right.

And so the people needed a hero.

They they didn't steal the hammer.

They just wouldn't investigate it. Is that why they're corrupt?

The hammer case remains open.

Waiting for the hammers return.

Yes. Is whomever stole that hammer akin to your Joe Chill?

Joe Chill, who's that?

He's this cool dude who he sounds cool from his name.

He killed Batman's parents.

Is that the person that Snoopy is sometimes when he puts on sunglasses?

I think he might be.

The unfortunately named Joe Chill, I think it was meant to be chilling back during the 40s or 50s when he was introduced.

And then what? What?

So people were scared of the word chill.

Yeah, I think they thought, oh, avoid chilling.

But now then it was appropriated into becoming like cool and relaxed.

And now I once said that name allowed near an old person.

And he said, don't say it.

I thought you were talking about me.

No. So you're a vigilante then.

I'm a vigilante. You're wearing a mask currently.

Yes, I am. A cape, which is the flag of Florida.

My cape is the flag of Florida.

I am. This is my crime fighting attire. Right.

Which is different from my secret identity attire, which is I don't wear the mask or the cape. Right.

And the coveralls, though, always are.

I wear the coveralls because just like IFC by date.

Slightly off though.

Yeah. Much like that prospector in his lap in the back.

During during the day, my secret identity, I'm a fanboat mechanic.

Right. Under the name Eddie Lee Capers, which is my real name.

Forget that I said that. OK, that's right.

And we've delved into your lore on other episodes.

We've delved into my lore. Your father, Professor Steelwater.

That's right. And of course, your ward.

And that's right. Cameron Esposito.

Caramel. Many, many other facets of your life.

But this is a facet that I was unaware of.

Well, Scott, there's a lot you's unaware of that goes on to keep people safe and protected. That's what the order of the keepers does.

That's right. Tell me.

We gathered together all of the different people who are keepers of some sort or another, like a timekeeper. Oh, OK.

What are then some of the other keepers that that are in the order of the keepers?

Well, there's the lighthouse keeper.

Oh, anybody who works in a lighthouse.

Even the people who are in that movie, The Lighthouse.

Yes, they they're honorary members. That fun romp.

Yes, we give them like little a little badge they can wear.

They're always in black and white. They're always in a square.

Wow. OK, whatever gatekeepers.

That's right. People that keep gates of one kind or another.

There needs to be more of those in comedy. Agreed.

There's a couple that's very much in love.

He's a and she's a he's a keeper.

Oh, and she's a keeper. OK.

I myself, of course, have a promise keeper.

You are as I'm very I'm very devout religious man.

OK, devoted to Christ.

I need other promise keepers to help me keep my promises, which are to be devoted to Christ, to have friends who are also devoted to Christ.

So you need the friends in order to help you keep the promise of having friends.

I promise to never beat my wife if I have one.

I promise. When did you stop eating your wife?

Now you can't get me with that one because I ain't married.

Oh, that's right. You're wearing one of those Jonas Brothers rings.

I noticed. That's right.

Is it from the is it one of the Jonas Brother originals?

Yes, it is. It's one of their rings.

When they gave it up, this was given to me by Joe Jonas, who now has sex.

Congratulations. That's amazing.

Congrats, Joe. I met him.

You met Joe Jonas? Yeah, that's right.

You were on the comedy television show with him.

And he was so enamored with you.

He wanted to come back and do sort of what you were doing.

Yes. On a future episode.

Did he say he should play me next time?

Let me be the promise.

The timekeeper.

Not exactly that, but something akin to it. Yes.

Oh, my. You want to be the timekeeper's brother?

That's the long gone. He wants to be the distance freak.

Distance freaks. Yes.

Oh, that if only there were an episode devoted to them.

Well, maybe a future episode. Probably there will be.

So is that the extent of the keepers?

Beekeeper, scorekeeper, great.

Trapper keeper, goalkeeper, trapper keeper.

Yes. Hope Solos in the group goalkeeper.

What about it was that movie solo about her?

I never saw it. I think so.

The solo I believe solo was a Star Wars story.

Oh, I hope so.

Low and hope solo free solo solo solo.

So so inanimate objects are in this, the trapper keepers.

No, there's people there's people that are trapper keepers.

What does that mean?

You mean meaning like trappers?

The trapper John M.D., the TV show? Of course.

So what's keeping it on the air?

I don't think it is.

Do you mean just people who have bought DVD box sets of the trapper?

John M.D. series? Yeah.

I wish we would have rethunk that one because that guy sucks.

So a lot of interesting people in the order of the keepers and what is the purpose of the organization to keep people safe?

We're sort of a super group.

Yes, sort of a super group.

Everyone in their way.

They got something to contribute that keeps people safe.

So kind of like the firm, not the movie, the band, a super group.

Oh, who's in there? Yes.

Uh, Paul Rogers.

Sounds pretty super.

If the description the member starts with, uh.

So like a real Adam's for peace.

Thank you. Much better.

Like a band aid.

The ultimate super group.

Yeah. Mid-Yuri from UltraVox. Sure.

So you were part of the order of the keepers.

Is that true? Well, he asked me, have you ever heard of it?

And I said, nay, I haven't. It's true.

That was a word for word exchange.

So you said nay. Did.

Well, what a fascinating conversation. Thank you.

And then how did it resolve?

Did you say you wanted to join or?

I invited him to join.

And I believe he said yes.

Tis true, tis true.

And much like my wife to the dress.

Blue or gold?

Not sure. It was a big argument between us.

And then. This guy drops off the face of the earth.

We ain't seen him.

I haven't seen him in approximately fifteen hundred days.

Oh, I know you like that.

Oh, I love days, hours, minutes, years, seconds.

I got no complaints.

Split seconds.

Oh, yeah. What about a New York minute?

When I'm in New York, I count them off.

So what happened to you?

What happened to you? What happened to you, Timekeeper?

What happened to you?

Oh, he turned it around on me.

Dang. We all asked it.

Turned about his fair play.

We did all ask it.

But now I'm asking you sincerely, Timekeeper, what happened?

I was so excited to join and help keep time for the order of the keepers. But I'm worried I'm too much of a coward.

What? What? You're a coward?

I'm a coward.

You're a yellow belly?

My belly's as yellow as they come.

Oh, no.

Well, tell us how you came to know this fact.

Also, I'm curious about the origins of this feeling that you have about yourself.

Well, I saw all of you guys with your cool outfits and your keeper rings.

You don't think your outfit is cool?

No, I like the cloak.

My velvet cloak and the star field lining.

So there is not a specific outfit that everyone has.

They all have a ring.

Now, you thought everyone's outfit was cool, no matter who it was?

Cool and like they could win in a fight.

Even the trapper keepers?

The trapper keeper, to be fair, has a very cool outfit.

Really? What is he wearing?

He's wearing like it's almost like a leather armor.

Yes, like a bit of vest.

Yeah, well, he's in a Mad Max movie.

He's wearing a leather vest.

Well, no more like, I don't know, like your friend's cool dad.

Leather kilt.

Leather kilt. Utila kilt.

What's this guy's name?

Ron.

OK, so you were intimidated by their outfits, let alone their uniform rings.

Yes, let alone.

Let me see those rings.

That one's right underneath your Jonas brother ring.

That's right. I'll wear them on the same day.

OK. Oh, my God.

That is a beauty. Look at that thing.

That's right. What is it meant to signify?

It's meant to signify.

What do you mean? What's it meant to signify?

It's that you're a member of the keepers.

But if there are so many interesting sort of symbols on it, I'm wondering if they, you know, adhere to any sort of.

That's right. This one, there's like a there's like a lock and key on there.

Oh, because you keeping something locked up currently on Netflix lock and key.

But without without the regular way.

OK, but it puts the K in lock and key. Right, of course.

Two K's. Got to stop it there.

Got it. If you have more than two K's in your title, I'm wondering what's going on. Reminds you of the amount of C's in the word clock. Of course.

Now that what does that represent right there?

What is that there?

This here is a refrigerator which keeps things cold.

Right. Great. They used to call it an ice box.

That's right. Then they invented refrigeration.

Notice they didn't use the word chill.

Oh, thank goodness.

Boy, too scary.

Do you think the refrigerator industry is upset about the term chill being appropriated? That why?

Because they wanted to call it like a chill chest or something.

Well, you know, I mean, the fact that it does chill your your your food.

But you don't think about it.

It's like you're allowed to I think you're allowed to ingest like a million insect parts a year.

But you don't think about it.

And then what happens when you're not allowed to that millionth in one?

No, that's what keeps you from becoming a bug.

If you have one more, oh, forget it.

Oh, my God. Maybe that's what happened to that Kafka guy.

Gregor. Yeah. Was that was that a first person account?

Hey, it's me, Kafka.

Guess what? Bad news.

One of the best first lines in book history.

Hey, it's me, Kafka.

That's what I like about American Psycho starts with.

Hey, it's me, the American Psycho.

Look, we just look.

Yes. Guess what? I'm psycho again.

Look, we need to take a break.

But I want to I want to hear about your cowardice, if that's OK.

There's also a jar with with holes cut in the lid.

What's that for? For keeping Latin bugs. OK, great.

We're going to be right back with more from Maxwell Keeper and JW Stillwater surprise guests.

This is incredible. We're going to we're going to. Surprise!

You say that when you walk in, not is it safe?

Is y'all safe, rather?

We'll be right back with more Company Bang Bang of this.

And then this here is a fake rock.

Really hidden panel underneath.

What is it? Oh, that's for keeping your spare.

Keep a spare key in there.

There is a very elaborate.

So many symbols on that. Yeah, it's very real good craftsmanship.

Yeah, incredible. Yeah.

We're Company Bang Bang.

You got to buy them in bulk, though.

How many did you have to buy?

There's only in order of the keepers, there's only like, I'm going to say 22 members.

Really, that doesn't seem like a lot.

The minimum order is 100 of the rings.

Oh, why? You know, I have a then maybe a suggestion.

Why don't you open it up to some sort of keeper that there'd be a lot of, like a housekeeper or something like that?

Oh, someone who owns the box set of house.

Maybe he has a real cool leather vest.

We're back here with Maxwell Keeper, aka the Timekeeper.

Do you want to get him out of the way? Tick tock, hippie pippa ray.

To the timekeeper. Great.

And we have J.W. Stillwater. Is y'all safe? Right.

Do you have any other ones or is that it?

Yeah, y'all ever seen a gator do a double take?

That's a great one.

And that was natural.

Nine times out of ten. It's a fan.

OK, those are the three.

And before the break, we were talking to Maxwell Keeper about his feelings of cowardice.

He was afraid that he would be too cowardly in order to be the twenty third member of the Order of the Keepers and proud owner of one of the hundred limited edition rings that are so ornate with so many symbols.

Tell us why you thought you would be too cowardly.

Why? Why, Maxwell? Why?

I avoid confrontation.

As much as I love to promote time, I.

This is my darkest secret.

I once saw someone defacing a clock.

What? And I did nary a thing to stop it.

This is surprise.

I was worried about getting punched.

Well, that now look not punked, punched.

Oh, I'm always worried about getting punked.

I'm also always worried about that, too.

I mean, with Chance the Rapper out there now, anything could happen.

I always assume any time I see somebody wearing sunglasses and that has facial hair is a disguise.

Yeah, has to be.

So who is defacing the clock, by the way?

A teenage ruffian.

And what was he doing to the rush home? Yeah.

He was spray painting it.

Really? What was he?

He wasn't scratching his name on it with a fountain pen.

No. All right.

How was it? What was he defacing it in order to make it look like?

Not a clock, a clock that holds different amounts of time other than the ones that the Beauty and the Beast clock that that can talk and stuff.

He was spray painting it to look like the Beauty and the Beast clock.

Oh, no. Yes.

Fan of Beauty and the Beast. He loves it.

He loves you and McGregor, I guess.

Oh, so he loves you and McGregor from the remake remake.

Oh, hey, you know, that's the original to you. Hey, every movie is the first movie anyone has seen.

I found every movie is the first movie that anyone has seen.

So you didn't say anything to the ruffians or maybe you said some other things.

I held up one index finger and I opened my mouth to speak.

And then my gaze turned downward and I shook my head, disappointed myself.

No. And you slunk away. I slunk.

This must have been very hard for you because you love time.

So I love time so much.

But when push came to shove.

So they put it off.

They push and shove you.

Well, they would have. I was afraid.

Oh, I see. I see.

Did you go back to the clock and try to wipe off the spray paint afterwards, or did you just leave it there taunting you?

I left it there and I walked past it every day, reminding myself of how I failed.

Is it there to this very day?

There to this very day.

Which clock is it? Not Big Ben, I hope.

No, no, it's just it's on a billboard and it says Beauty and the Beast next to it coming soon.

Wait, hold on a second.

Hold on. Did you just see somebody putting up a billboard?

I it was outside Tallahassee.

Wait, so there was you think there was a billboard of a regular clock that said Beauty and the Beast coming soon that someone then altered to make it look like the clock and Beauty and the Beast?

Or did you think there's just a picture of a clock there?

And then somebody said, we'll use this as viral marketing for Beauty and the Beast.

I guess it was I saw I went by.

I was looking at this billboard.

I saw a painting on a clock face.

It seemed to be OK.

There was a painting of Beast already next to it.

OK, painting of a candelabra.

Sure, this all makes sense.

Of a beauty as well.

OK, certainly.

And I loved that.

Oh, of course. Yes.

Oh, the teapot?

No. Who am I thinking of? Who played Beauty in that?

She was in the Harry Potter films.

Emma Watson. Emma Watson.

That's who is so yeah.

Yeah. So, you know, the Harry Potter films.

Oh, yes. Is there time in those?

Yes. There's the time something.

Well, there are. Time Turner. Time Turner.

Oh, yeah. And there's the years.

Time Turner. What?

It's like goes back in time.

Is that I mean, if you see the Broadway show, you'd love the.

Oh, I've seen it in time.

So anyway, they're putting up all of the Beauty and the Beast iconography, but you don't know what any of it means because I just saw that there was a clock and a paintbrush touching it.

And I assumed he was defacing a clock.

Do you think maybe the brush was like it was had glue?

Yeah. Instead of actual paint, because people don't really paint billboards anymore.

I suppose that's possible.

I think that you just saw a Beauty and the Beast billboard and then it sent you into the shame spiral that caused you to disappear for four years now.

I think you might be right.

But you still saw Beauty and the Beast and you didn't realize what had happened.

Did you think that they that they altered the movie and they were forced into a corner with like, we got to put that in there?

We got a Sonic the Hedgehog this.

I thought they made it to taunt me.

I didn't like how realistic everybody's teeth were in Beauty and the Beast.

Yeah, exactly.

I prefer they be altered a little bit. They should have changed it.

So you thought they put out a movie to taunt you, and that's what led you to this K Street job where you instead alter the movies.

To make them promote time instead of taunt me.

That's where you been on K Street? K Street, yes.

I almost feel like you working for an alphabet place.

Somehow it's the opposite of what you like.

Isn't the alphabet the opposite of time?

Shouldn't it be instead of A Street, B Street, K Street, et cetera?

Shouldn't it be like 101 PM? Sure.

101 PM Street.

You think I did it on 5 Tuesday?

Wednesday, Thursday, happy days.

Friday, Saturday, happy days.

We can miss a day.

I think we did.

Working on a day with you.

I applied to every job on five o'clock street.

What were the jobs that were on five o'clock street?

Like a Hooters? There was a Hooters.

They said my rack wasn't big enough.

Oh, you was going to be a waitress there. Yes.

I mean, to be fair.

Yeah, you're sort of part of the itty bitty titty committee.

That's what they said.

That's really. I think you might have a lawsuit on your hands.

Did they say that you were a carpenter's dream?

You're flat as a board in need of a screw?

Now listen. You know, you've never experienced that, obviously.

What do you mean I never experienced screwing?

I don't. Look, I'm proud of who I am.

I'm proud of my devotion to the Lord.

My body is pure and it will remain so until such time as I'm united with someone in the bonds of holy matrimony.

Are you are you out there actively looking?

I mean, we haven't really talked a lot about your dating life.

I feel like I can't bring anyone into my life right now because of my my duties as a vigilante crime fighting hero.

Well, you're up all night, usually.

And those are the dating hours and the romancing hours.

Exactly. People don't like to go to a big dinner during the day.

What about it's only lunch?

I thought it was just lunch.

It's just coffee.

No, I think there's something to do with lunch.

There's a dating site that's like, hey, it's just lunch.

That's what it is. It's just lunch.

I heard this one called Plenty of Fish.

And I feel like you got to go out on some sort of fish meal.

Yeah. Plus, I don't like fish.

Like the smell of fish when it comes to dating.

I don't know. I don't think that should be introduced into.

Hey, Maxwell, you have any sort of opinion on any of this?

I wish I could go on a date.

That's right. You two are both sort of lonely people.

Well, carpenters dreams. Lonely Floridians.

Because the lives that we have chosen are solitary lives.

That's true. I mean, you're out there calling people every minute of the day.

By the way, you haven't called anyone since you've been here.

Yeah. Every time I come in, Desmond has sort of cleaned out the shop, gotten all the repairs done.

So I'm free of making calls for a little bit.

Does he do that purposefully in order to get you out of the house?

Or is that just a happy coincidence?

Oh, I can't imagine he'd do that.

He loves me. He took him to the zoo.

Took me to the zoo.

And he bought those two things for you.

Yes. A draft watch and something else.

Timekeeper. Timekeeper.

Meerkats. Meerkats.

It is. I feel bad.

I want I want to build up your confidence.

I feel like you got something to offer.

And I don't want you to feel like you use a coward.

How did you know that you're brave?

Well, I guess I just realized that the theft of a hammer is bigger than me.

If someone's stealing the hammer, they steal another things.

And that I got to I got to help those people out.

You're right. They feel just like I feel.

Big Ben is bigger than me.

It really is.

It's bigger than almost everyone on Earth.

If you use a stair climber and you pick the landmark setting and you click Big Ben, it's 30 floors.

I had no idea. Really? Yes.

Have you made it all the way to the top? Yes.

Did you make it all the way back down, though, or did you have to jump off the top of Big Ben?

I ran out of energy.

And I called out for someone to work here.

One of the trainers at the gym to come pick you up.

Pick me up and get me down from the top of the stair climber.

I heard that in real life, the Big Ben stairs, they don't go both ways.

And so when you get to the top, you got to slide down a big pole.

Oh, wow. Just like Batman.

Have you ever heard of him? Who?

The guy that Joe Chill murders parents.

Doesn't ring a bell. Oh, OK.

And he was going to murder Joe Chill in the courtroom.

Oh, that's right.

We were discussing this earlier on an earlier episode about whatever happened to Joe Chill.

He got murdered by Tom Wilkinson, his crime organization.

That's in the movie universe, right?

Yes. That's all I know.

Tom Wilkinson? Is that true?

Yeah, he's in those movies.

He's like the head of the crime family. Yeah.

He calls it a hit on Joe Chill.

A lot like in that movie, The Irishman that I've seen two thirds of.

Which two thirds? First, two thirds on regular speed.

Well, I think, look, anyone can be brave if you really put yourself.

Anyone can be brave.

You're right. The next time I see someone painting on a billboard of a clock.

I'll kick his ass.

Hold on. No, no, no, no, no.

Let's act it out.

OK. All right. All right.

So we'll put you in a situation where you see somebody doing something that they shouldn't ought to be doing.

Concern in time in some way.

OK. And it could also be some sort of Florida crime.

And I'll be the person.

We'll see how soon we'll see how either of you react to this.

Oh, all right. Yeah. OK.

How's that sound? OK, so I'll be.

Sounds good. I'll be.

Should I be a native Floridian or a tourist?

I wonder. Be a tourist.

All right. I'll be a tourist.

And I'll be doing a time related crime.

All right. Just the idea of you trying to do a Florida accident makes me so mad.

Hey, y'all.

Look at me. I'm like I'm like that kid in Oliver, the Oliver. No.

Remember the first line of Oliver?

Hey, it's me, Oliver.

Guess what? Guess what? I'm hungry.

No, the distinguished. No, what's his name?

Artful Dodger. Yeah, that guy.

The Distinguished Gentleman starring Eddie Murphy.

Hi, I'm the Artful Dodger and I'm out here not doing anything wrong.

Certainly not taking watches off of ladies wrists.

Zoink. He's he's stealing watches off a lady's wrist.

That lady won't be able to tell what time it is. Exactly.

You there, child.

Who me? Yes, you.

The Artful Dodger? Yes.

I'm going to kick your ass.

You try it, motherfucker.

OK. How would you like a clock face?

Oh, he made your face into a clock.

How did you do that? How did you do that? That is incredible.

Holy tick tock, tick tock.

I sound like you. That's right.

Please turn me back.

I renounce my life of crime.

And give that lady back her watch.

Oh, certainly.

I'll give her an extra one, too, that I stole from someone else.

No, return that one to the other person.

OK. I give her a hug and kiss as well.

Oh, mwah, mwah, mwah.

Not that side of her, the other side.

The bottom side?

This part shouldn't be happening because they're not married, so they shouldn't be hugging and kissing each other.

There, now turn me back, timekeeper.

I beg of you, I beseech thee.

Well, if you beseech me.

He's a sucker for beseechments.

All right, well do it then.

OK. Bloink.

Oh, oh, how did you do? Maxwell, how did you do that?

Now, for the purposes of of the reenactment, that was great.

Do you have that ability in life to turn people into clocks?

I have nary an ability.

OK, that's going to be a problem. That's a good warm up.

How did you feel?

It felt good to be brave and yell at a child.

All right, my turn.

OK, here we go.

Same scenario or different?

I'll do a different scenario.

Should I be a tourist or a Floridian?

You better be a tourist.

All right.

Hey, yo!

A Jamaican.

Respect my neck, y'all.

I hear him now.

Wait, look at this hammer.

This certainly doesn't belong to any human being.

This one.

I just may take this hammer.

Very soul.

From the ground upon which it sits and place it upon the tool belt around which my waist resides.

Bloink.

Hey there.

Huh? That hammer ain't yours.

Who is it then?

Who do you think you are taking people's belongings without permission?

That's never that's no never mind to you.

Possession is not in terms of the law.

Do you follow the law?

I do. In some respects, yes.

But in one respect, no.

One-tenth of it?

Because I am a vigilante hero.

Oh, shit.

I have not been sanctioned by the corrupt police department of Cumberbatch County, Florida.

And so I apprehend thee and say, return that hammer from which it came.

Please, I beseech thee.

Do not apprehend me.

I am immune to beseechments.

No!

You must return that hammer else you will feel my wrath.

The weed of crime bears bitter fruit.

What are you doing with that fan boat?

What do you mean what am I doing with that fan boat?

I got a fan boat. So what?

I'm just wondering.

Well, what's wrong?

Why can't a man have a fan boat?

I'm just wondering why.

I mean, it's kind of incongruous.

You have a fan boat right next to you.

Why is it incongruous? It's my fan boat.

You see somebody standing next to a car and you go, what?

Yeah, I do. Why?

What's wrong with you?

You're a human. That's a car.

What is going on here?

Oh, I think I see what's going on here.

You you got brain problems.

OK, let me just take this hammer.

Let me hit my head with this hammer.

Don't do that, honey.

Honey, don't do that.

Don't do that, honey. Here, give me that hammer.

Where's my helmet?

OK, OK. And scene.

All right. Now, so this I feel like you set me up.

This is a person who had problems.

You were out there abusing a mentally challenged child.

No, look, I'm not a vigilante hero that that that beats up on mentally ill people.

I'm a child with developmental problems for you.

No, no, no. Wrong messages being sent all the way around.

We're all learning something here today.

I didn't I thought that was just a regular criminal.

And then you turn it into no, it turns into it.

No one ever said it was a child.

But then at the end, you got that in there.

Well, his voice is very high.

It obviously his balls hadn't dropped yet.

So was Truman Capote.

That's true.

Uh, no, it was just a child who picked up a hammer and started beating his own head with it.

And you decided to yell at him.

Well, he started out sounding like a criminal.

But doesn't that teach you a lesson, JW, that perhaps you can't judge a book by its cover?

I mean, I guess so.

Why do they put covers on books then?

That's right. I mean, yeah.

That's the dream library.

You start to imitate me for a second?

That's right.

The dream library is books with no covers on them?

No covers. You don't know what it is.

You just pick one, you take it home.

This is my dream because this is how I like to see movies.

Don't like titles.

So the books don't have titles neither?

No, those are spoilers.

You just take a book, you start reading it.

It's like, hey, it's me, Kafka.

Guess what?

I mean, that's in the first line.

So I feel like the title Metamorphosis, it's not giving away too much.

It's the very first line is, hey, guess what?

I turned it into a copy.

Yeah, I guess that's true.

Have you ever read any books that were in real time?

I don't know what books are in real time that you can think of.

Well, if a book takes books over two hours, it takes you exactly two hours to read, then that book's in real time.

I guess so.

Yeah, I guess if a book, yeah, is saying like, and now I'm doing this and now I'm doing this.

And it never cuts to like a later period of time.

You know, it just like is one continuous story that happens over two hours.

And it takes you exactly two hours to read.

Yeah, that would be fascinating.

Although any time you pick it up, the narrative is in real time.

I guess so. What?

So you have if you're reading this book and you put it down because you got to go fry egg or whatever. Right.

You have the power to stop time.

Oh, my God. Step outside of it.

You're like a time traveler when you read a book.

Well, you're not traveling through time.

You you pause. You're pausing it. Yeah.

But then the author more power.

The author is like a time traveler because it's skipping ahead into time.

Sometimes you mean like if you skip ahead pages?

Wait a minute. Wait a minute. Wait a minute.

Are we high right now?

I hope not. I took a promise.

Oh, did you get us high back?

Well, I took a promise.

I don't think so.

Let's clock. Grease gets you high.

Oh, it does. Oh, shit.

What's this clock? Grease made out of CBD.

Yeah. I'm sure you call me a bang gang.

Well, look, guys, I hope we've learned something here.

Are you going to have to are you going to join the order of the keepers?

Brave now. Please return to the order of the keepers.

We need to graciously accept your invitation.

We need someone looking out for time.

I love this team up between you guys.

I mean, you two, two great, great Floridian people who have been on this show.

You know, the combination of which has brought a smile to my face.

Oh, well, they face.

Yeah, you're you're clock face.

That didn't happen in real life.

Oh, yeah. All right.

Well, we're, you know, we're running out of time.

Yes. He wants you to say it.

It makes him feel better.

I like hearing it.

The word dances upon my ears.

Do you like when do you get a little charge when you say it to?

I like putting it out there, talking about time.

But I love when it comes right back at me, too.

Of course. It's like food.

It's fun going in. It's fun coming out.

All right. Back in the back.

Where we began.

The Lou. That's a privy.

All right. We're just about out of time.

Only one final feature here on the show, and that is a little something called plugs.

OK, I'll try to start rapping to this.

Have at it. Well, I don't like talking over other lyrics.

You just did earlier in the show.

That was End of the Show Plugs by Brian B.

Hey, Brian Boy, Todd, oh, perhaps.

Who knows? Big fan of the show.

All right, guys, what are we plugging here?

Well, I like to plug.

Well, we don't know when people are going to hear this.

I'd like to plug safety. Safety. Yeah.

I want you all be safe. Of course.

I'd like to displug crime. OK.

So if anyone plugs crime in the future, it'll just negate it.

This is a displugging of crime. OK, great.

And hammers. Hammers. Very useful.

Do you ever you know that album by MC Hammer, Please Hammer Don't Hurt Him?

Yeah. You ever get into the psychology of that weirdo?

I'm assuming it's a desperate plea.

Hammer is about to hurt someone.

Is about to hurt someone. And this is this guy wants to protect the guy who Hammer is about to hurt.

I think I think that he knows that Hammer will go too far.

His name is Hammer. His name is Hammer.

And when you're a hammer, every problem looks like a nail.

That's exactly right.

Maybe, maybe hammers made at a nail.

Yeah. Maybe. Or a kneel.

When you're when you're a hammer, every problem looks like a kneel.

So those are some great plugs. Nothing else?

No. Maybe the neighborhood listen.

What about that? Sure. OK, great.

There's a podcast called Neighborhood Listen.

I think you all ought to like it.

Maxwell, what about you?

Well, you said the name Neil.

I think and don't quote me on this.

I don't want to see this sentence in between quotation marks.

Certainly, certainly not in quotable quotes.

Yes. Don't put this on a plaque. Yes.

I think an actor named Neil Campbell will be on the next episode of Brooklyn Nine-Nine when this comes out.

OK, maybe. Maybe not, though. Maybe not.

Why not just watch every episode? Sure. Yeah.

See, what would he be playing?

He would be playing a creep.

Sort of typecast in his.

I saw an episode of that show one time when there was this this cruise ship captain.

Oh, I like him. Captain Orleans. They'll bring him back.

You think I would bring that guy back?

He had so much like a rich history, obviously.

I mean, he's a fun character.

That show goes anyplace.

They could definitely bring him back.

I mean, that Craig Robinson is always coming back.

Bring this guy back. He was on an episode.

Yeah. Yeah. How can they bring back a one guy, not the other guy?

Yeah, exactly.

They should bring back the entire cast and just keep doing episodes with those exact people.

No, no, no. I think just that one guy, they all bring back.

OK. All right.

I if you're watching every episode of Brooklyn Nine-Nine, I want to plug a certain episode where I play a very ingenious hacker.

And I have no idea what episode that would be.

Probably in the 80s, somewhere around there.

What was the character's name?

It's a season finale.

It was a season finale.

What was the character's name?

No idea. Hacker number one, possibly.

From what I remember, it was season finale.

And then it seemed like, oh, this character definitely going to be back.

Oh, that's right.

And was perhaps told by the creator of the show that he was definitely coming back in the season premiere and then never heard from him ever again.

Other than to the last I ever heard from him was sent an email asking me about a certain podcast that I did.

And then I said, no, that's Jason Manzookas.

I'll accept none of this.

In any case, two great characters, two great characters.

All right, let's close up the old plug bag.

You start with a C when you want to close it up.

You lead with an L and then you oh.

Oh.

Beat up the plug bag.

Open up the plug bag.

Take your hands and open it up.

Then Horatio comes in and he just says.

Been holding on my last day.

The day. The. Paradise.

The state of. Paradise.

Open up the plug bag.

Open it up. Open it up.

The plug bag. Open it up. Open it up.

You open up the bag.

Open up the plug bag.

Everybody opens up the plug bag.

Just keep it fucking open up the plug.

Open up the plug.

Open it up.

Oh, yeah, that is, of course, the Michael Hardigan remix.

Oh, it's over? Yeah, you wanted to go on even longer?

I can only imagine you did. That's all it is?

You wanted more time from that, did you not?

Yes, I thought it was a perfect amount of time, but I would listen to it at half speed, so it's twice as long.

Do we have a half speed version of it? Is that possible?

Nah, I hope not.

All right. Well, maybe that'll be the next remix.

Half speed version of it that lasts three minutes.

Well, guys, I want to thank you so much.

JW, it's always great to see you.

I mean, thank you.

Come on back sometime with some of your other friends.

Who? Oh, all right.

You know, some of your other lore. Absolutely.

Now you've sort of crossed over into this appearance. Right.

There's got to be some other lore out there.

Yeah, of course. OK, I'll put my thinking cap on.

All right, Maxwell, so good to see you.

Great to see you. You are, as always, a wonderful host.

Thank you so much.

Don't make it four years before you come back.

Make it another amount of time.

Oh, good. I'll try to think of another amount of time.

That would be great.

Six months, two years and a day.

I don't know. Who knows at this point?

All right, we'll see you next time.

Thanks. Bye.

He he.

♪♪♪ you Thank you.
