♪ Harry Caray was so hairy that she used her katana to shave.

If she didn't, she said she would die from the shame.

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang. Mmm, that was a tongue twister, but I got it all out, which, uh, I have not been able to get most of those out, so I'm glad that I got that one out.

Thanks to Born to Bukaki for that catch. Why are we doing this? What is going on? I, I, I, I...

All right, roll intro music.

We rolled it already.

Uh, right, and sound speeds, and whenever you're ready, Scott, hit us with it.

I've been ready, we have been recording for two minutes already.

What?

Do you see the flashing button that you're right next to?

I see several flashing buttons that I'm right next to.

The one that says record, though. That's the one. That's the one.

That's most germane to our conversation.

Oh, dancing germane.

Uh, germane Jackson. Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

Jermajesty.

Thank you. All right, you taught me. That's like rock, paper, scissors. Nothing beats Jermajesty.

Yeah, well, to be fair, we were saying that while we had a baseball bat in our hands as we climbed up with our hands.

That's no baseball bat.

Oh, shit.

Those aren't your hands. Hold on.

Uh, look, uh, welcome to Comedy Bang Bang for another...

Please don't pour the waters right into the mic.

Uh, sorry, I'm sorry, I got to mic the whole room for this.

Yeah, there are area mics everywhere.

I want the, I want the listeners to hear the audience.

It's like I'm watching The Conversation. Great, great film.

Oh, starring Gene Hackman.

Gene Hackman.

He was a fucking marine.

Was he a marine? Really?

I believe so.

You got the Army, the Air Force, Navy, Marines. And he was bringing up the rear in that combo.

Uh, yeah, sure. Marines famously in the rear. I think that's more of a Navy thing.

All right. Geno, come on now.

Thank you for your service.

Let me tell you, everyone who I am, who you are.

Oh, you want to get that out early?

Is that what you say when they're on shore leave? Thank you for your service.

That's what they say to me.

Okay.

Famously bisexual Geno Lombardo here.

What a wildly famous.

My name is Scott Aukerman. Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

Coming up a little later, we have a couple of lobbyists.

We also have a very famous NBA announcer. That's very exciting.

That's exciting. I love- We'll be talking to them on the show. You love what now?

I don't know how you announce stuff about an advanced business degree, but regardless, I'm excited.

NBA.

Oh, okay.

Not NBA, my good fellow.

We can't bisclose anything.

Let me explain who is constantly talking right over here.

He has been on the show several times.

I can't remember.

When did you start on this show?

It's gotta be like five, six years at this point?

I think it's about seven years ago.

Seven years ago.

I've been an intern here at Comedy Bang Bang for over seven years.

I consider you one of the new people and you've been here seven years.

Thank you.

I am.

I'm relatively new based on some of the other guests you have coming in here.

Yeah, that's true.

He started on the show.

He was my intern.

He was supposed to be here every week.

Instead, he has spotty attendance.

Hey, it's hard.

I just only get commuting.

Yeah, I'm commuting from Long Island, so I have to take a train to the plane and then no automobiles until I get.

All right, go ahead.

Since you mentioned the train, what trains are you taking?

Well, the Long Island Railroad Railroad.

What are the stops of the stops?

Well, I can tell you the stops if you wanted me to.

It goes from that.

It goes.

Bend Station, Jamaica, Rockville Center, Baldwin, Freeport, Merrick, Belmore, Wanta, Seaford, Massapequa, Massapequa Park, Amityville, Copay, Lindenhurst and Babylon.

Baby.

You know, every time I come on the show, I think to myself, should I look up those train stations?

Because I'm always going to ask.

And I forget.

And then you do.

And here we are.

But Geno is my intern.

He is supposed to be checking the sound levels.

He forgets to do it until approximately two minutes into the show.

Sound speed.

So whenever you're ready, just get cracking.

It is speeding.

OK, very good.

And action.

OK, thank you.

That's not your job.

But he comes on the show once every, I don't know, three months or so.

And when you can make the trip out here and.

Who are you explaining this to?

Who's dropping in on this episode?

Who's like lobbyists and an NBA commentator?

Episode 941.

Let me drop in.

Every episode is someone's first episode.

I need to make sure they know what's going on.

By the way, I am the host of the show.

Nothing interesting about me.

No, that's the thing.

You kind of stack it with interesting people so that you could be a boring ass vanilla self.

But not a lot of people know this, but you're like, you are interesting.

You're a tall freak.

I'm a tall, freaky goon.

Yeah.

A lot of people don't know this about Scott.

But Akhiman, he's a fucking tall, freaky goon, baby.

That's right.

Meanwhile, we have the perilously thin Gino over here.

That's right.

I've been trying to beef up.

You look even thinner.

Yeah, I went keto and that was a bad idea.

A guy in my computer class.

Why would you do that?

You're trying to bulk up.

I know, but like people are talking, you know, good fats, bad fats, you know, medium fats, triglycerides, all this shit.

So I went and I went keto because this kid in my computer class was telling me about the ketogenic diet.

What computer class are you taking right now?

Taking a computer class in Long Island.

It's a post-grad program.

It's with this guy.

You haven't graduated.

His name's not.

How is it a post-grad program?

Oh, well, because I showed I have over one hundred and seventy five credits towards an associate's degree.

You just have credits here.

Like you.

Yes, I got to transfer them over to Nassau Community College.

But there's there's like a lot of stuff going on with the exchange rate.

These degrees, I guess the dollar fell there.

So yeah, I understand.

So like, yeah, one hundred and seventy five credits there is.

Well, yeah, who cares here at fucking Earwolf, one hundred and seventy five credits in whatever this is, digital radio or some shit podcast.

But yeah, yeah, iPod, iPod podcast.

Yeah.

So yeah, I take his computer class from this guy, Mr.

Friedman, who's like he's a clown.

He's a part time birthday clown and computer instructor.

How much of his time does he spend doing the birthday clown?

How much of the time does he spend doing the computer instructing?

Sometimes he'll come in in his clown makeup, really pissed off coming from a kid's party, and then he'll like wipe his face off and then get into it.

Computers with us.

Him and his son teach together.

Really?

Yeah, it's interesting.

How old is his son?

I'm not sure.

His son is.

How old is he?

That's another good question.

I can't.

They're both great questions.

I'm not able to eyeball it, but one is young and one is older.

OK, the dad is probably old.

Yes, that's the one.

He's definitely the older one.

And then the kid is younger.

Right.

OK.

Yeah.

And is the kid dressed as a clown?

The kid does the clown stuff with the dad, but then doesn't teach the computer class.

He just kind of hangs out.

I thought you said they both taught the class.

No, they both are clowns.

One teaches the computer class, but his son is in the class.

Apparently, his son's in the class.

His son's in the class.

Oh.

I don't know.

These guys have a documentary about them that came out like 15 years ago.

Is there something about capturing or something?

Yeah, yeah.

Something about like they were hunting and they captured some people or whatever.

I've never seen it.

I've heard of it.

Yeah, I've barely heard of it.

But I'm going to check it out someday.

Interesting.

Sounds like a great, great combination of people to be hanging out with.

It works for me.

Sure.

Things have been great for me.

And what have you learned in regards to computers?

I learned about the ketogenic diet.

That was the most important thing.

Right?

That's how we got into this?

So non-computer.

Yeah, yeah.

So the ketogenic diet, if people don't know what it is, it's basically what?

You train your body to become fat adapted.

So rather than using carbohydrates for energy, you use fat for energy.

OK.

So you eliminate carbohydrates in total, including like carrots and shit.

What if you had the fat plus the carbohydrates?

Oh, that's the best.

But then that's what you call, you get that pear body, baby.

Pear body?

And a lot of us are chasing that.

Dr. Pear Body is my favorite, the little dog with the big ass.

You want to look like Mr. Peanut.

RIP.

Oh, God.

Do you not?

Can you believe Mr. Peanut died from autoerotic asphyxiation?

It's so crazy.

Apparently, Mr. Peanut was allergic to a kid who got on a plane.

Yeah.

But currently, Gino, you look like those, you know, when you're playing hangman as a child, you make those stick figures.

You look like one of those.

Whoa, how do you play hangman?

Just a giant circle head and then a two dimensional body.

Wait, how do I play hangman?

Yeah, I guess I play differently.

How did you play hangman?

Because I think I play the normal way.

We would find like a neighborhood heretic, we would just label someone a heretic and then we would set up these gallows in my mom's yard and we like over the above ground pool and then we'd fucking put a noose around whatever this woman's neck, this tall, the short person's neck, the short person.

Wait, woman or short person?

Either one.

You figured out who the heretics are?

Yeah, because, you know, that's a thing that a lot of people know that a classic evil people are always short because if you're tall, you have no reason to be pissed off, right?

As a tallie, what do you think?

I mean, you're always looking down on people and just sort of chuckling to yourself about haha, look at all the little ants play.

I know it's very fun, but not for me.

I'm average height.

You're average height.

I'm the height every guy is on Tinder, 5'10".

Sure, if you look up the average man in a Google image search, you'll see Tim Kalpakis, which is a true thing, by the way.

But it's a drawing.

That's good for him because he used to show up if you looked up below average man.

Right.

Now he's popping off.

He's jumped up.

But you're of average height and but in terms of your weight, danger.

I'm in the 0th percentile for my body.

You've always been in the mid 80s, it seems like.

Yeah, I was.

I've been 88 pounds for a while, but I just dropped to 81 since cutting out all carbohydrates.

Yeah, I think I got to switch back and start going heavy pasta, heavy lasagna, heavy chicken palm, heavy all that.

Yeah, it sounds like, you know, with your upbringing, I don't want to speculate about what you would eat to stereotype you, but you have a dog food out of a bowl.

Yes, that's fair to stereotype.

I get it.

I don't know.

I guess I wasn't going that way.

A lot of people can just tell that by looking at me that I grew up eating fucking wet dog food out of a bowl.

Now I want to hear about this.

What?

Nude?

Why?

I had to be nude or else I would if I got any dog food on my clothes, I would be had to go out in the yard.

You'd be excommunicated.

Yes.

Oh no.

Excommunicado like John Wick.

Oh no.

That's horrible.

Your parents made you do this or this was a choice?

Oh, this was a choice.

Yeah, I told you because for a while.

Self-imposed rules.

You know, like I used to, I was a huge fan of the Chronic, both the drug and the album.

And the record.

So when I started listening to the record, I listened to it on tape on a Sony Walkman, the yellow one with skip protection.

Oh yes, of course.

The Walkman Sport.

You all did.

Sure.

Yeah.

I mean, I'm 28.

Skip protection.

Very important.

Skip protection in cassettes is wildly important.

And so I was listening to the Chronic and you know, there's a lot of stuff like, and then this guy Snoop Dogg's on there.

So then I listened to Doggie style and learn all this stuff about, you know, living the dog's life, you know, like ain't nothing but a G thing.

So I started living as a dog for a short period of time.

Really?

So would you have your own dog house?

Would you have...

I had my own dog house.

I had a wee wee pad.

Like, well, I had a bunch of newspapers.

You would tinkle on pads.

Oh, I've got one and two, baby.

Really?

Yeah.

In the house.

Well, and you knew how to use a toilet at this point.

You just decided to...

I had to unlearn how to use a toilet because instinctively I would go to use a toilet whenever I had to go to the bathroom, but then I would be like, no.

Would you take a rolled up newspaper and hit yourself in the face with it?

Yeah, yeah.

I would shake nickels in a can and scare the shit out of myself or squirt myself in the face with a water gun.

Get me out of there.

Did those nickels lead you to the human coin star that you then became?

Oh, fuck.

I didn't even see the parallels there.

But yes, eventually, as a lot of listeners know, I was a bait boy for the Catholic Church on behalf of the FBI.

But the FBI said that they weren't part of the investigation at all and kind of left me out to hang.

I, you know, left me out in the cold, as they say.

They had plausible deniability.

And they were like, you misunderstood it.

You just lost in a one on one basketball game against James Comey.

There's no reason for you to then have to go undercover as an altar boy and be a pedophile.

I don't know why you're taking Comey on.

I mean, he's taller than I am.

I know.

And I didn't know there were people...

Is he just constantly dunking on you?

It's weird because there's a parallel because he's even less interesting than you are.

And he's taller.

So I'm wondering the taller you get, the less interesting you become.

Yeah.

Did he ever swap out for anyone like Air Bud or anything like that?

I wish, well, Air Bud was there the whole time.

Really?

Just cheering?

He was.

I think Air Bud wanted to get in.

You know, he said, I got next.

And there's nothing in the rule book.

Let me in, coach.

But the problem was he did eventually get to play, but that was Air Bud too.

Golden receiver.

Receiver, right?

He's terrible at basketball.

He's more of a football guy.

Oh, right.

He's not like Tony Gonzalez.

We could do both sports.

No, of course not.

Well, so what are you up to now?

Like what's been going on?

I know you've been taking the class.

I've been taking the class.

I did a thesis project for for Nassau Community College on Stitcher Premium.

That's right.

Yeah.

People can hear that on Stitcher Premium.

It's called the Gino Lombardo show.

Yeah, he used Promoco Gino.

But apparently my professor and the dean at Nassau Community College didn't want to go behind the paywall, so they won't be able to listen to any of it.

That's a big problem.

So I am not graduated.

Oh no.

I thought for sure that was going to be my big way out.

Sorry, we can't take it from out behind the paywall.

Once it's behind the paywall, it's got to stay behind the paywall.

That's what I'm finding out, believe it or not.

That's OK.

That's where art belongs.

Yeah, for all the rich people to enjoy.

Well, that's too bad.

I feel terrible about that.

I hope you will.

You're a young man.

What's new with you, more importantly?

I don't know.

Nothing's going on over here in this neck of the woods.

Of course not.

Did you grow a mustache?

I know.

Why?

You see the fin?

Not at all.

I'm just thinking of ways to make your personality pop in some way.

Oh yeah, no tattoos, no facial hairs, no interesting pets.

You got to get yourself a sugar glider or something.

What do you have?

Do you have pets?

We've never even talked about this.

Oh, I've got a shit ton of pets.

Do you have pets?

Really?

Are you responsible for another life?

That's kind of hard.

I have like 100 seagulls that live in my basement.

And they're not pets per se.

But did you lure them in there somehow?

Oh yeah.

I went down to Jones Beach Field 4 and I threw a fucking Italian hero.

These fucking gulls went apeshit.

You just like did a breadcrumb trail?

And then I did a bread gum prosciutto, braggioli, copical, supersot, pepperone, salaam, mozzarella trail.

And I'd left it all the way from Field 4, all the way up to Wontore Parkway, get off the Sunrise Highway exit.

Then you make a right on Twin Lakes Boulevard there.

And then I left the trail all the way up Twin Lakes Boulevard, then make a left on Bell Tug.

And then from there, I'm not going to give the direct directions to where my mom and I live.

It's around there.

You can kind of guess.

I don't need any of these creeps showing up in my fucking house.

These podcast listeners, these guys have no fucking boundaries.

But if some of the trail is still there, go ahead and follow me.

Oh, help yourself to a couple of pieces of bread, or a piece of supersot, a copical, a fucking...

What are you doing with all these?

A hundred seagulls?

So I lure them all into the basement, one by one, because you have to trick them with a french fry or some shit.

These guys love carbs.

Little peanut butter on the penis.

Oh yeah.

Well that, that, don't do that with seagulls.

That's fun with a dog.

Like it's a funny gag to do.

They'll peck your hole right out.

Oh, you're fucking telling me.

I filled my hole with crumbled up sunflower seeds.

And these motherfuckers will just eat it right out.

It's wild.

Did you inject it?

How exactly did you get it in there?

Oh, I have...

Do we ever talk about this?

I don't think we have.

I don't have a big dick, but I have a huge urethra.

Oh, okay.

Yeah.

It takes me about a second to piss and I piss about a gallon every time.

It just goes...

Yeah.

Yeah. It's like turning a fucking fire hydrant.

Actually, it's weird because I do have to use a big wrench to get my dick to start working.

Really?

Like a fireman.

I understand the metaphor.

Well, this is wonderful.

Well, it's a simile because I threw like in there.

Okay. Thank you so much.

You are learning stuff at Nassau.

Oh, that's correct, sir.

Well, wonderful.

How's your mom doing by the way?

Everything okay there?

She's in...

What's it called when you have to cryogenic stasis?

What? Like Walt Disney?

Yeah. Well, like Walt Disney, but less like pro Nazi stuff that she was putting down there.

So she's like neutral on Nazis?

She's not anti.

Oh, no. She's from Long Island.

You can't fucking way out the Long Island Nazis.

She just doesn't really have much effect on her life.

Yeah. She's like, you know me? I'm a Gentile.

I live in an above middle-class neighborhood.

Why did she want to get frozen?

Because she's holding out for season three of Sex Education on Netflix.

Season two just came out, I thought.

Yeah. And she loved it.

Better go to sleep until the next one. I can't wait a year.

So she went into hyper sleep, I guess, or cryogenic freeze.

But the fun thing is, is she's in the house.

Okay. Yeah.

And she's...

And so that's the plus is that she's in the house.

We know she's safe all the time.

The negative is that you can't be flash frozen with clothes on.

So my mom's bush is visible for everyone living.

God, it's fucking huge.

How big are we talking?

Well, the bush is very big.

Her pussy is like medium above.

Okay. I guess I didn't ask about the pussy.

Oh, yeah. I'm gonna sit here and talk about my mom's bush, but not reference how big her fucking pussy is.

Well, hopefully...

The woman has a huge pussy. Hey, and she's proud of it.

And so am I.

She talks about it a lot? Is that...

Talks about it, bro. All you should see is she puts two solo cups in there and fucking...

She sings the Anna Kendrick song. It's fucking wild.

Well, hopefully something doesn't happen to her like with that kid that hung around with Ripley from Aliens, you know, where like something smashes the glass and your mom just slowly dies.

Oh, that would be fucking awful. That kid that hangs out with Ripley, man.

She's she's a...

She's like, if you watch Alien, Aliens and Alien to the third power back to back, it's like, what a wonderful ending to Aliens. Like she saved that little kid and then immediately within 60 seconds of the next movie, she's dead.

Yeah, she's dead. She's in jail. And Charles Dutton is not happy.

When is he ever happy, though?

When you're talking about Dutton.

We're talking The Rock. We're talking Rock.

Rock. Exactly.

Not The Rock.

No, no, no. That's Dwayne The Rock Johnson.

No.

Do you think Dutton is unhappy about The Rock getting so popular?

Oh, I don't know. He did try to kill Nick Cage and Sean Connery.

That is true.

Oh, actually, though, this is weird. Didn't Charles Dutton actually get arrested for manslaughter at one point?

I don't. I really don't know.

All right. Well, let's pump the brakes and back off there.

Certainly.

I kind of always guess that about anybody.

That's true.

Because manslaughter don't count. That's like a dewey.

No, that's like, hey, I didn't mean it. It's an oopsie. It's like an elevated oopsie.

Yeah. Where I'm from on Long Island, I would say 75% of adults have a dewey.

And 40% of adults have committed manslaughter.

Yeah, exactly. Manslaughter is it's a rite of passage on Long Island.

Yeah. Come on, bro. You know, you got your first heart on, you jerk off, you beat your first fucking friend to death with a bat. You know, it's life.

All right.

It's life on the island, baby.

Wonderful having you here, Gino. What a wonderful note to...

Hey, no where to go but up from here, brother.

It's great to see you. Please send your love to your mother for me.

I'll send my love to my mother for you.

Send your love to your mother for me.

Copy that.

Okay, great. All right. Well, we do need to get to our first get, but not right into the mic.

Is it possible to do it to do it elsewhere?

I'm wearing a lav, so that's confusing.

Okay, there are mics everywhere.

Well, this is for the FBI.

Oh, wait, you're you're wearing a wire?

I got it, bro.

What's going on?

I mean, I can't even get into it.

Are they after me?

They're not after you, but they think they're concerned because you're they say like you must be a spy because your life is so like boring and blank.

You know what I mean?

Right. They're like just a series of like failing upwards.

Everyone keeps talking about how like anyone who's like as plain as you are, they say must be like a double agent.

Oh, no, it's just white privilege.

Can you explain the concept of that to the FBI?

Oh, I think they probably benefit from it themselves.

I would imagine once you tell it to them, they're going to be like, oh, that's what I was.

That's what I have.

All right. Well, let's get to our first guest.

This is this is incredible.

Have you ever met a lobbyist before, Gino?

Yeah, that's like one of those dudes in like a white shirt with a tie that's a Mormon.

No, no, no. And they have like a little hat and a phone.

They're in the they're sitting at a desk.

Whenever you enter a building before you get on the elevator, that's a secretary.

OK, but someone in the lobby is that's what I'm thinking.

Yeah. Are you thinking of a security guard?

I don't know. Does he like it looks like the dad from Family Matters.

OK, yeah. That's specifically the security guard from Die Hard.

Oh, yeah, yeah. That's what I'm thinking.

Yeah, OK. That's not a lobby.

Yeah, no, that's not a lobby.

He actually never made it into the lobby, I believe.

He was always sitting outside in that cop car and then a guy fell on his cop car and he was like, oh, shit's going down.

That's bad news.

Speaking of Charles Dutton, they're probably contemporaries.

They're old friends.

Reginald Vail Johnson and Charles S. Dutton.

Maybe that's who he killed.

Fingers crossed.

I hope so.

All right. Well, speaking of killed, we'll see exactly how our next guest do.

Our first guest, rather.

You're not a guest.

You are. You have strong co-host energy.

Wait till these guys show up and I'll have strong host energy.

They are lobbyists.

Please welcome to the show, Chris and Chris Starbo.

Hi.

Hey, how's it going?

Hi, y'all.

It's great.

Hi, guys. Thank you so much for coming.

Thank you so much for having us.

This is Gino.

Don't let him distract you.

He's going to be constantly fiddling with the levels.

I'm going to be fucking with the levels and I have a sleeveless shirt on.

Just deal with both of those things.

No, I know this.

Oh, we noticed.

Which one of you is Chris?

I'm Chris.

Hi, Chris. Nice to meet you.

Now you're also talking to me because I'm also Chris.

Okay.

Now that's the funny thing is both our names, they do happen to be Chris.

Spelled exactly the same.

Exactly the same.

Exactly the same, but stand for different things.

They stand for different, meaning they are nicknames for something that is...

A little bit.

Like Scott is short for...

Scott-cha?

Scott-trick, probably.

Exactly.

So it's a nickname for Chris.

John is sometimes short for Jonathan.

Or Gino is short for Ginnavani.

Right.

Yeah.

So you have different names.

Oh, yeah.

Are you related?

Can we talk about that?

Well, we are heavily married.

We are heavily married.

Deeply married.

Well, then that's not too weird because I think Chris could always date a Chris.

I'll tell you.

We did.

I remember our first date.

You remember it?

Oh, I remember it.

I hope she does.

I know.

I have a bad memory.

Yeah, she does have a bad memory.

Mommy brain.

I know she got mommy brain.

Do you have children?

Oh, we got a little bit.

Oh, we got a little boy.

Sounds like your mommy brain just suddenly.

Yeah, we're heavily married with a little bit of children.

Okay.

Heavily married, a little bit of children.

I'm getting the ratios here.

Yeah, we did have a good first date though.

That I do remember.

What happened on the first date?

Well, we both were, well, I'll be 100, but we were both in tank tops.

That's right.

All right.

Well, that sounds fucking awesome.

Was this an unplanned date or was this how you dressed for the date?

It was a heat wave.

Oh, okay.

We're from Windscort, Iowa.

Windscort, Iowa.

Oh, okay.

I don't know the area, but.

Windscort.

Oh, you will though.

Windscort.

Oh, I will know.

I will know here.

It will be the biggest town in the world.

Okay.

We're putting the cart before the dang horse though.

Oh, is that something that happens out there in Windscort?

Yeah.

A lot of horses and carts.

Oh, couldn't count them.

Couldn't count them if I could count.

You can't count though.

One.

Well, it sounds like you have a good handle on one.

You want to know why we're married?

Why is that?

Two.

I came up with the second one.

Okay.

All right.

We finish each other's sentences.

You got in very late on that.

You just kind of said yeah after she was done.

Well, we don't need them to finish.

We don't need Chris to finish Chris's sentence because Chris said they finished each other's sentences.

I like your style, boy.

Oh, thanks.

Oh, yeah.

So you had a date during the heat wave.

We had a date during the heat wave.

How did you meet?

Okay.

No.

Okay.

Chris.

It was at a BBQ.

Well, it was at a BBQ.

Right.

And then, but it was more than a BBQ.

It also had rides.

That's right.

So that made it a fair.

Oh, it was a fair that had barbecued items for sale?

I'm obsessed with BBQ.

So if there's BBQ anywhere, I'm calling it a BBQ.

Your relationship started as an affair?

At an affair?

What do you mean?

Why would you say that?

Why would you say it's a fair?

Why would you say that it was a fair?

Because you said you were...

At a fair.

But you guys seem very different.

Okay.

Oh my.

Chris, you are sweating up a storm.

So is Chris.

I know.

I am.

I might take off my cardigan.

Okay.

And I might unbutton my flannel.

Okay.

Well, yeah.

Take off some layers guys.

Sun's out here at fucking Earwolf, baby.

I like it.

Of course.

So you met at the fair or AKA BBQ.

The BBQ tent at the fair.

That's what it was.

And I saw his eyes from across that tent.

And I thought to myself, now there's a man I'd like to befriend.

Yeah.

And I saw her looking at me and I was like, okay, a woman's looking at me for longer than 20 seconds.

I think something's gonna happen here.

You were counting down the seconds and once it reached 20, you said it's on.

Exactly.

That's an inordinate amount of time to be staring at someone.

Yeah.

I mean more than three.

I think something's going to happen.

One.

And then it goes, oh, these are long seconds.

Oh man.

These are, these are more than alligators.

One Mississippi, for example.

My goodness.

Anyway.

So, so that was the, that was the meeting.

And then what happened on the date?

You guys.

Heat wave, you're wearing tank tops.

Heat wave wearing tank tops.

We kind of looked straight into each other's eyes.

I mean, we have had barbecue sauce all over our face.

On the first date?

Oh yeah.

Did you go straight from the barbecue fair to the first date?

No, no, no.

You're misunderstanding, Mr.

Ockerman.

We, we count that first mean as our first date because it did end in a sexual experience.

Oh, okay.

Sure.

No, I would count that.

Gino.

I mean, that counts.

I'm about to end this one in a second sexual experience.

Not with any of the participants.

That's not on the table.

I always ask consent.

Speaking of the solo cup.

So you guys, when you, you had the barbecue, you were wearing tank tops.

You had barbecue sauce all over your face.

It was a bit of a love at first sight experience.

It was, I didn't believe in it.

And then when I saw her staring at me, I was like, I think this is real.

And it was real.

It was real.

And we rode the roller coasters.

Okay.

And we rounded out the merry-go-rounds.

Okay.

Sounds fun.

And we skinned one chicken alive.

One chicken alive.

I didn't know you could do that at a fair.

You can.

You take a live chicken.

No, I know how it works.

You take a knife and take off all of its skin.

Well, you think that's how it happens, but you got to dunk it in boiling hot water first to get the feathers loose and make sure the skin's not going to hold onto them too tight.

So you have to dip a live chicken into boiling pot of water.

You don't twist the neck first.

You can snap it if you want, but then where's the fun?

We didn't want to do that.

That's very gruesome.

Welcome to win score.

So on your first date, you guys took a life.

Yeah.

And were you staring into each other's eyes as you did it?

I'll tell you what we've been staring into each other's eyes ever since.

No, no, I can't look away.

You're big baby blues.

How many lives have you taken at this point?

Do you call a chicken alive?

I do.

Yes, I do.

Yeah, it's alive.

Well, are you one of them?

Follow up question.

Do you have to have killed the chicken for it to have said taken its life or if you just eat it, is it, have you taken it?

No, if you just eat it, someone else killed it.

But how many souls have you taken?

Okay.

Wait, before we continue, Mr.

Ockerman, are you one of them vegans or are you one of them?

I'm not one of them vegans, but I understand the whole point of view behind it.

You have the moral point of view.

Certainly.

Yeah.

That is a professional answer right there.

Yeah.

That is.

That is a professional answer.

That is an unassailable on social media answer right there.

You got it.

I'll say what I want to say about vegans.

Okay.

Yeah.

What do you guys say?

No one's going to be able to punch your hole in that one.

Everyone's, you know, it's 2020.

Everyone do their own thing.

If you want to go plant-based, that's fine.

Do it.

You lay the fuck off everyone else.

Really?

You think that vegans are a little too...

The world's on fire.

Let me eat a fucking cow.

Some would say that the world is on fire due to people eating the cows.

Okay, cool.

I won't eat a cow and maybe the world will stop burning.

Okay.

Sounds good.

Only one way to find out.

Starting on that seitan this week.

I like this kid's style.

You could use a couple of cow bites.

Oh, you're telling me, sister.

You are skinny as a reed.

You made me want that big hole boiling chicken so bad.

Yeah.

Or at least drink the water that would then become stock.

At any point you started in the barbecue tent, killed a chicken, eventually had sex.

At any point, did either of you say, hey, you should wipe the barbecue sauce off your face?

No, we...

That's where it all started.

And it sounds like...

No, we actually added more.

Really?

Yeah, really.

Exactly.

And you know, it's funny because it's just sort of was like, almost like it felt natural.

It did.

It felt natural to just keep squirting it on each other, dunking it on each other.

Rubbing it on each other.

We were using it as a lubricant.

We were plenty wet, huh?

Yeah, exactly.

You know, it's funny.

It was a heat wave.

I know.

It was a heat wave.

We were already sweaty.

I have a famously wet wiener.

Famously?

Oh, yeah.

To be honest, I have not heard of it.

So I don't know how famous it is.

You will.

Locally famous.

Okay.

I mean, you're getting the word out on a popular podcast.

I know, yeah.

It's on the signs town.

It is.

Hold on.

Mommy brain.

It's on the town sign.

The welcome sign.

That's what I'm home of the wet wiener.

Home of Chris's famously wet wiener.

Damn.

Now I got a new search term for point hub.

Wet wieners.

I didn't even think of that.

I'll tell you what, we've gotten deep into this sexual talk, and that is absolutely not why we are here.

Yeah, you guys are lobbyists.

We are.

Well, you say lobbyists as if we're some sort of big government, but we are not that.

No.

We're thinking global.

We have a little dream and a little team.

We have a little.

Just the two of you.

So it's a little dream with a little team that's global.

That's global.

Well, it's starting little, but to grow, you need little first.

You do.

Hey, you're telling me.

Listen, look, the world's biggest plants start as a seed.

That's what I'm saying.

And what is the biggest plant?

I guess maybe a India rubber.

I don't know.

Redwood?

Yeah, sure.

One big cactus.

Redwood is the biggest.

I guess the world's biggest cactus is probably the world's biggest plant.

There you go.

Exactly.

So that's what we're we're about to grow into the world's biggest cactus.

And we're about to announce the campaign for something that I think is going to shake up not only the world.

Wow.

You're about to announce it.

When are you going to announce it?

Oh, you're going to do it here.

Yeah, I think we're going to do it.

It's a smart move.

There's a huge audience on this show.

I've been doing it for fucking seven years and my career has absolutely taken off.

And you've already had one show behind a paywall.

Yeah.

Keep looking up.

I'm going to make almost $10,000 in 2020.

Exactly.

Well, here we go.

There it goes.

OK.

We want the Olympics to be in WINSCORT ASAP.

Wow.

We are trying.

We are starting the campaign.

As soon as possible.

To get the Olympics in WINSCORT ASAP.

How about 2020?

That's what we have heard that it is spoken for.

It is spoken for.

2022, 2024, 2026, 2028.

Yeah, they're all locked down.

But 2030 is not locked down at this point?

As far as we've heard.

Do you guys know if you want winter or summer?

Because that kind of depends on...

Now here's the thing, Gino.

Here's the thing.

We don't care.

We will take them all.

We'll take fall and spring.

I guess you want made up Olympics to happen.

No, not made up Olympics.

But think about it.

The first annual fall Olympics.

And you want your Olympics to be every year.

That's right.

First annual that you heard that right.

This annual.

So the fall Olympics.

Official Olympics every fall in Iowa.

That's what we said.

That's what we say.

That is what we said.

And that's what we mean.

What are some of the fall sports?

Because usually the summer sports are hot and the winter sports are cold.

Oh, hey, thanks, Scott.

That's what you pay a host for.

Yep.

I'm merely trying to contextualize there.

Imagine you've seen a ski gym.

Jump before.

Have you seen a ski jump before?

Let me think.

Let me look back through the recesses of my mind and comb through all of my memories to see if I've ever seen a ski jump.

Oh, there's one.

Yes, I went to Lake Placid one time to blow a guy and I saw a ski jump up there.

Oh, so you're you are bisexual.

He is bisexual.

Yeah, that's good guess.

He's also on the spectrum.

I'm on the sexual spectrum and I'm the emotional spectrum on the neuro atypical spectrum.

I'm on a lot of spectrum.

Roy G Biv.

So are you an ENFP?

What are you?

Yeah.

I'm all those extrovert maniacal fingering pirate.

Ahoy.

My goodness.

Oh, no.

Gino, you're grabbing your little.

Yeah, I almost peed there.

Well, it's not I have a huge it's hard for me to hold the wrench.

I have to put a whammo Frisbee in perpendicular in order to clog up my urethra.

Understandable.

Good Lord.

Oh, it's fine going in and coming out is the problem.

Yeah, the Frisbee.

You have to squeeze the base and pop it off the top like a like a pen tennis ball container.

Absolutely.

Great.

Yeah, we can all agree.

Production card.

Sit, Ubu, sit.

Good dog.

Woof.

Good dog.

Woof, baby.

So how how do you think I mean, Iowa, especially windscort.

That's right.

Windscort.

Is not a large town.

I've never heard of it.

I would imagine.

You got that one, right?

Sioux City maybe would have more of a possibility or.

I think so.

But we got the land.

We do.

You know, we got we have so much land and we were we were driving around the other day and we were looking out.

Thank you.

We have a truck.

We have a Toyota.

Toyota.

Tacoma.

It's dark green.

Pay cash or you on a payment plan?

You guys are answering all the follow up questions I had.

What color?

What model?

Did we pay in cash?

We did.

You pay in cash?

You get that much cash available?

Well, we've been saving it up.

A lot of people in windscort, we put it our cash into a Folgers cans and put it into the ground into the ground.

Oh, OK.

And then it comes time at Easter every year.

We all say I want you just say one thing you want.

And you like on Friday or something, you just dig up all the Folgers cans.

You've been there.

I've not been there, but it sounds like an amazing tradition.

Oh, it is.

It is.

It's the resurrection.

The way we do it.

It's dollar bills coming out of the ground.

Just like Jesus came out of the ground.

Everyone names one thing that they want and they buy it.

And then they buy it with the cash that they find.

And they got a dark green Toyota Tacoma.

Guess the color of the seats.

Brown.

Yeah, that's right.

Oh, great.

That's right.

We would have also taken tan.

We would have taken tan.

Beige?

Yeah.

OK, yeah.

Anything within those earth tones.

That's correct.

Definitely correct.

I said I would have taken tan after I fucked Anthony.

OK.

So how do you guys expect to lure people into windscored?

I mean, it doesn't sound like there's a lot to do, but you say you were driving around the other day?

We were driving around the other day.

Cool.

Thinking of ideas.

Oh, it was cool.

Thank you.

It was cool.

We have a car.

It was a Toyota Tacoma.

It's a truck.

Guess what color?

Tan.

That's right.

The seats.

Yeah.

So we were driving around.

We were driving around.

And I remember we were listening to the radio.

And you nudged me.

And we looked out the window.

And you're like, look at all that space.

Oh, just miles of it.

Why is the radio part of the story?

Because we were listening to a song that we first made love to.

Our favorite song.

Yeah.

What is that now?

Oh, it is absolutely.

You can say, one of you can answer it if you'd like.

Production card for absolutely?

It is.

They were playing that on the radio?

Yeah, they were.

They were absolutely.

Well, one of you get offended if the other one accidentally answers the question by themselves.

You keep looking at each other.

I swear.

That's how we started.

We can't stop looking at each other.

That's how we started it.

Almost like a police interrogation.

I want to split you up so I can get your story.

Don't do it, Scott.

I'm begging you.

Trust me.

We spent one with that time that we spent a couple of hours apart.

I didn't like it.

I didn't like it either, but she had to go to the bathroom in Macy's.

And that took a couple of hours?

Well, I don't want to tell you much more about it.

It's like mommy brain, but you get it in the butt too.

My mom used to fucking blast them out.

What happened?

Oh, she's in spaces.

Well, now she's frozen.

So I'm assuming she's pretty bad.

Is she being fed in there?

Yeah, she's getting shy vote.

Okay.

Yeah.

Do people still use it as a verb to refer to feeding someone?

No, of course.

I think so.

No, of course.

Absolutely.

Shy vote.

Absolutely shy vote.

Absolutely.

So you're listening to the radio.

You take a look at all this space.

You see all this space.

We see a big, big pile of leaves.

We see a big pile of leaves.

Is that common out there in Windscort?

Absolutely.

Because we have trees every which way.

We have up, down, up.

That's right.

Exactly.

Left, right.

You look up, you look down, you look to the right.

You look to the left.

And there's just trees everywhere.

Just rotten with trees.

Rotting.

Rotting with trees.

Right.

Well, and we thought to ourselves now, wouldn't that be fun?

Wouldn't that be fun?

To just ski right down that hill.

And then you just let loose.

And you just fly through the air.

Oh, like a bird.

And then you have the skis on and where do you land?

You don't land in snow.

No, because we don't get a lot of snow.

We don't get a lot of snow.

It's an unusual vortex of climate.

Interesting.

Yeah.

That's Windscort.

That's Windscort, baby.

Let me guess, you land in the leaf.

No, you got it.

You got it.

I'm just trying to cut to the end.

I saw it probably right from when you mentioned the leaf.

Right, right, right.

And we were listening to the radio.

I just kind of felt this from the beginning when you said fall Olympics.

Yes, that's right.

So we're all on the same page.

We're all on the same page.

A lot of leaf-related sports.

Leaf-related sports.

We're all on the same page, page 110.

That's right.

That's exactly.

You know what?

Yes, exactly.

Pumpkin carving.

Will that be part of it?

When you think of a pool, what's your favorite thing to do in a pool?

That's a great question.

Swimming, probably.

You say that, but the real fun stuff is clearing the leaves away so you can do it.

Oh, OK.

For skimming.

Skimming.

That's right.

Skimming.

These are some of the events, and they have to be fall-based, but based on summer and winter Olympic sports too.

You got it, right.

So cornucopia, what would you do with something like that?

That would be.

You would fence with them.

Oh, OK.

Cornucopia, we could also, yeah.

Yeah, you could fence with them.

You could also throw them like some sort of jabblin.

Oh, yeah.

A shot put.

It would be nice to throw them like a jabblin.

We would like to throw them like a dang jabblin.

Right.

Well, so.

By the way.

By the way?

Is that what you said?

I said up, up, up, and away.

Oh, I thought you said by the way.

I was very excited for like a detour.

OK.

Isn't that a fun little.

We were all excited for a detour.

Oh, we did take a detour on that.

We did absolutely.

The radio still on the radio.

Oh, it was full blast.

Oh, and we were driving just sniffing the air that crispy, crispy, crispy, crispy windscored air.

I'm driving somewhere or was this just like an afternoon constitutional that you were driving around?

And how long is your the song that played when you first had sex?

You never told us what it is, but it's still playing while you're driving in this story.

No, it was.

We did tell you what it was.

Absolutely.

So very short.

Quick as hell.

Oh, OK.

That makes sense.

And it does make sense.

But just rotten with passion.

Just rotting with passion.

Rotting with passion.

Well, how do you think you're going to lure the Olympics organization?

You know, a lot of companies or cities rather, not companies, but companies are involved.

They put up a lot of money to try to lure these events there.

So we don't want to brag.

Don't think.

OK.

But continue.

But try not to brag.

No, no, no.

We have a mall.

Hello, brother.

We have a mall with the Macy's aforementioned.

Right.

Where I blew my ass out.

For two hours.

Approximately 120 minutes.

At single stalls or is it shared?

Oh, it's shared.

Oh, God damn.

Shared stalls.

No, like is it an individual bathroom or there may be four or five.

Two toilets in one stall.

Is that what you're imagining?

That's the best.

Eye contact is the easiest way to get it all out.

I've never been in a woman's bathroom.

I don't know quite.

Oh, well, me neither.

Officially.

Why did you wink?

This is ear based listening.

Oh, I know it's ear based listening, baby.

But I was just winking because I wanted the listeners to not know that I've set up a couple of toilet cams in my life.

Oh, no.

Not at home, I hope.

For your mom.

Oh, God.

No.

God.

No.

You kidding?

I tried.

You can fucking spackle the camera shut on the first day.

Exactly.

You just watch Saving Pro.

My mom, my mom, peanut butter, spackle the camera shot.

Peanut butter spackle.

Yeah.

It's what she does in the bathroom.

She shits out kind of like a sticky.

Yeah, we understand.

You're asking the follow ups.

Yeah.

So I just like one of my favorite musicians is Chuck Berry.

And so I don't know if I could have predicted that.

I know.

That's one of your favorites.

One of the Godfathers of rock and roll.

I just love Chuck Berry, right?

Sure.

Okay.

So I was inspired by him to start putting cameras into the toilets and stuff.

Is that something that that man did?

Allegedly.

He had the famous glass table.

Yeah, he had a glass table.

I think they let women shit on the table.

Right.

So you weren't inspired to do like the duck walk or anything like that?

No, I was inspired to learn to play Johnny B.

Goode so that I could be in this.

We were making our own Back to the Future and I wanted to learn how to play Johnny B.

Goode.

So I started researching Chuck Berry.

Then I found this detour that was wonderful.

Just a view for dicks and asses and pussies.

It's just like a wild time movie that you just mentioned back to the glass table ones.

Not that one.

I haven't seen that one yet, but back to the iPad loaded with them.

If you guys want to watch it.

Yeah.

When Michael J.

Fox breaks into that song and he starts really singing, doesn't it always kind of rub me the wrong way?

Rub me the wrong way?

Here she goes.

Because no, she's going to talk about it.

She makes a good point.

Here we go.

In what way would it rub you?

The reason we've been talking about this for years.

Doesn't it make that hair on the back of your neck stand up?

Does it give you the goose pimples?

In what way?

You think that's...

Because my answer to all this is yes.

But it's rubbing me too right of a way is what I think.

Meaning that you think that a white person...

No.

Okay.

Go on.

Well, I was just going to say like a white person...

Black rock and roll is a problem.

You're going to hate music.

No, nothing like that at all.

Never even thought about that.

I'm talking about the fact that it doesn't seem like it's his voice coming out of his little mouth.

Oh, you don't like lip syncing.

And even as a young child, I felt that way.

I say something's not right.

Have you ever been to a lip sync?

Was there anything like that at this fair that you were at or...

No, that's a great question.

I feel like that could be an event.

Oh, a fall event.

A fall event.

Yeah.

A fall event.

I mean, lip syncs aren't primarily known as autumn-related events, but it certainly could be one.

I have a...

I throw a karaoke party that's out on...

A lip sync party that's out on the water in international waters every year.

International waters, really?

Yeah, we call them loose lips sync ships.

Ooh, now that's a fun name.

Wow, very great.

Let me ask you a question.

What came first?

The loose links sync ships?

I'm sorry?

The loose links...

Okay, all right.

You want to come down?

Daddy brain over here.

Okay.

Uh oh, got daddy brain.

More like zaddy brain.

Jesus Christ.

Oh, I thought I felt something.

Yeah, that's how I let go of you now.

So, but how are you going to lure the Olympics?

So as I was mentioning, we got that mall.

Right.

And here's the thing.

Olympics, when you think of the Olympics, you think international.

I think seven rings.

Seven rings.

Seven rings international.

Seven rings.

The Roy G. Biv rings.

That's right.

Seven rings.

What do those seven rings represent?

They represent all of the continents.

Yes, and each color...

This is real.

Each color of those rings, at least one of those colors is in the nation's flag.

Now that's something that you may not have known.

But it's something that you learn when you're trying to get the Olympics to come to your hometown.

Hey, all right.

And so we were looking at the food court in this mall.

I'm sorry, what did we just learn?

That each color of the ring is a color that corresponds to a nation on one of those continents.

That's right.

We're talking red, orange, yellow, green, blue, not to mention purple.

Wonderful flags all.

What does the Antarctica flag look like?

Is it purple?

It's under eyes, so it's difficult to see.

I gotta go claim Antarctica.

I don't think anyone's ever claimed it.

I want to do it.

Just like your mama.

Oh, hey.

That wasn't meant to be an insult.

We're not going to start doing snaps on this show, are we?

Hey, what's the difference between Antarctica and your mama?

Get me started.

I love your mama's house.

Men have an easier time finding my mom.

Oh, you guys have chemistry and it's thick.

It is thicker.

You guys have not stopped staring at each other for 21 seconds.

Oh my God.

My goodness.

It's thick.

And I'll tell you, we're open as hell.

So live your life.

As everyone knows, I'm Polly and I like to fuck white people.

That's why I say Polly want to crack.

Geez, listen, we're God fearing folks when we come from.

It's a little too much for you guys.

Well, look, can we get to the end of the story about the mom?

Cause I need to take a break.

And we throw the word story around here pretty loosely.

So we were looking around the food court, food court, you know, different kinds of food in every single spot.

No, I've been to a food court.

Yeah, but I'm talking a pandy express.

Oh yeah.

Sounds like you got a good one.

We have a good one.

A lot of rhymes.

I know you're all thinking orange Julius.

It didn't happen.

I know what you're also thinking.

Annie Ann's.

Well, guess what?

Yes.

Yeah.

Not in the food court, but at the mall.

Yeah, it was at the mall.

It was like a kiosk.

A kiosk.

Exactly.

It feels like you have been there.

You were pretty.

You spent some time in windscork?

No, I have not, but I've been to malls generally.

And I know usually what the elements are that subside within them.

So exactly what happened.

And so we just thought to ourselves, you know, look at this international food court.

People from all over the world are going to love it.

They're going to love the food that we're serving.

We're already an international city.

Right.

It's going to be like a second home for a lot of these people.

We got a new red roof in that just opened up.

Really?

Yeah, that's called Olympic village, my friend.

Okay.

Now remember, he started this story by saying not to brag.

Yeah, I'm trying to figure out exactly when we're getting to that part of the story.

No, we're trying not to brag.

I'm not even positive what I'm looking for as a resolution here.

I forgot where we even started from.

Long story short, we have a date with destiny.

We absolutely do.

And it has gotten vaguer.

But it is at least 2030, maybe 2031, 32.

Or 30.

And that date with destiny might be fall, winter.

But if you're going off the cycle, why can't it be 2021?

Okay, now that's something we haven't thought of.

We have not.

It could be 2020.

It could be fall of this year.

It could be.

I like, I see.

I told you we come on a big city podcast.

They're going to give us ideas that we couldn't come up with.

You're so smart.

Please stop kissing.

Please.

Okay, look, you don't have to stop.

I'm glad the story is over because we do have to take a break.

But can you guys stick around?

Absolutely.

Oh, you're now farting while you're kissing baby.

That's just kissing.

I haven't heard a mouth queef in a year.

This is exciting.

All right, when we come back, we are going to, this is exciting.

We have an NBA announcer.

Maybe he can give you some tips regarding some of the sports.

Oh my goodness.

Red or yellow green, not to mention.

Purple?

Purple.

Did you say red or Joe green?

What?

That's one of the guys is for wind score.

We'll tell them that.

All right, well, let's take a break.

When we come back, we'll have more from Gino, more from Chris and Chris Starbo.

And this NBA announcer will be right back with more comedy bang bang after this.

Cue break.

Comedy bang bang.

We're back here.

We have, oh God.

Now the clanking, the pouring was not enough, but the clanking.

Sorry, I'm trying to just make sure everyone has coffee or water these days.

You're offering coffee now?

This is an upgrade.

Yeah, Wolf got this cold brew machine, which is great because that's better than making money.

So I like love to just rip out some coffees or waters for anyone.

So if anyone wants a coffee or water, just ask me, you know, I'll say coffee water.

You just tell me if you want coffee or water.

Okay.

I'll have some money.

What do you need to borrow some money?

No, no, everything's okay.

I'll tell you what you come over to our place at wind scored on Easter.

We got some money for you.

Oh, I would love.

I would just say before I dig in and be like, I just need a microwave big enough to defrost my mother and then start digging around.

Really?

You need a full microwave to defrost?

She hasn't thought about this.

I need a full.

I need a huge human sized microwave with a setting that for person.

Oh no.

But not until after sex education season.

Oh yeah.

That's right.

If I nuke her pre sex education season three, she's going to flip shit.

She loves that little ace of Butterfield.

Who doesn't?

I know.

Tell me about it.

When he was a kid, I used to call him as a butter face.

Is that cruel?

Everything about him is gorgeous, but his field.

All right, let's get to our next.

By the way, we have Chris and Chris Starbo. We never found out what the Chris's stand for.

Oh, mine's simply Christmas.

And Chris, what is yours?

Christ.

Christmas in Christ.

Your birth name is Christ Starbo.

That's correct.

Goodness.

And what is your maiden name?

Christmas.

Cardan.

I have a friend named Cardan.

And Jason.

All right, let's get to our next guest.

Well, we all know him.

He is one of the most famous NBA announcers and former players.

I believe that has ever been in the game.

Please welcome to the show for the first time, Bill Walton.

Wow.

It's a pleasure to be here, Scott, in the presence of true greatness of radio announcing.

I mean, I am to you or you are to me.

I am to you.

Thank you so much.

The giants of the field do not live Paul Harvey.

Ira Glass.

Terry Gross.

Who's the person who did cereal?

I don't even remember.

Oh, Sarah.

Sarah Koenig.

Yes, Sarah Koenig.

And now Scott Hocherman, one of the great pleasure to be here.

Thank you so much, Bill.

That means so much coming from you.

I mean, you're one of the best that ever was.

And when it comes to NBA announcing, I don't know how you were as a player.

A fantastic, fantastic player.

Back issues saddled me early in my career.

But I had a wonderful time.

Sounds like late in your career, because I don't know if you could have played much longer after the back issues.

Well, late in my early in my hopeful career.

Sounds like it was like the last minute of your actual career.

Sure.

I mean, but time is, as we all know, a flat circle, spoken like one of the true greats.

Matthew McConaughey, Woody Harrelson.

You like those guys.

So two of the most fantastic southern actors a man could ever hope to see.

Yeah, you would hope they would branch out into being good, just regular actors.

But but as for southern actors.

Stick to it.

I mean, we all know what he did great work as a white man who couldn't jump.

But at the end of the day, we all wanted to see a southern man just doing his best, smoking marijuana and killing zombies.

I'll tell you what.

Chris and I had a foursome with Woody Harrelson and it was funky.

Who was the fourth person in the?

Oh, what can I tell you?

I'll go ahead and please.

Yeah, I would love for you guys to just go ahead and tell me you can even skip this whole step where you decide you're going to tell us and just tell us.

Or if you don't want to tell us, you don't have to tell us.

King Princess.

It was King Prince.

Really?

The the the singer who was on Saturday Night Live and then seemed to disappear into obscurity.

You got that right.

That's her with Woody Harrelson and King Princess.

Exactly.

Two of us, Christ and Christmas.

I am so catty today with Asia Butterface.

I know.

She'll be back.

Don't you worry.

She's coming back.

Quick question for Chris Starbo.

Do you ever say, hey, it's time to put the Christ back in Christmas?

Oh, we should do that.

We should do that.

Wow.

Throw it down, big man.

An amazing joke from Gino Lombardo.

Unbelievable.

Thank you, Bill.

Bill, you startled me to the point where I jumped and I pinched my pinky in between my leg and the table and I really hurt my fingers.

Yeah, it came in.

Yeah.

Exactly how I ruined my back early in my career.

Startled by my own scream and hurting myself.

You're a radio star saying that you hurt your back late in your basketball playing career, but early in your commentating career.

I'll take whatever way you want to put that prism around my reality.

Well, Blake Snyder in Save the Cat would refer to that as your Dark Night of the Soul.

Absolutely.

It comes around the 100th page of the script.

We all know Blake Check is one of the greatest movies of all time.

Blake Check, a kid in King Arthur's court, rookie of the year.

The greats could not have done better.

Oh, I would say it would maybe be on page like five of, you know, what ended up being your your incredible story, which was you rose from the ashes.

I noticed you didn't throw out the movie Shark Tale when you were talking about.

Yeah, we really need to put Shark Tale into this conversation.

Is Shark Tale one of the greats in the Gino Lombardo Scott Ockerman canon?

Well, in the Scott Ockerman resume.

Oh, is that true?

Somehow it is the top thing on IMDB, even though I did it 18 years ago.

Congratulations.

That's awesome.

Shark Tale.

It's one of our faves.

Fantastic Phil, DreamWorks, animated movies, big names.

Will Smith.

What's that?

DreamWorks PDI.

PDI.

A public display of what?

No, I can't remember, but that's what the animation is called at DreamWorks.

PDI.

Really interesting.

How do you know so much about show business?

I guess you could say my brother used to work there.

Your brother who, Cartman?

You could say that.

I guess you could say that.

What an interesting way to say something that is not true.

I wonder what the reality is then.

So now, Bill, what is I mean, are you in your announcing career?

Certainly was Act two of your career, but do you have an act three coming up?

Absolutely.

Color commentary on podcast.

Scott is the wave of the future.

And it's what I'm here to talk to you about.

Have you ever considered having a man such as Bill Walton, AKA myself, in the studio, giving you some color commentary to promote your wonderful work?

I haven't considered it, but maybe we could try it out a little bit.

I mean, it seems like you already did it a little bit with Gino and his jokes.

Absolutely.

I'm one of the greats.

I mean, standing on the shoulders of some great engineers, Jimmy Iovine, engineer Brent and Gino Lombardo, it doesn't take much better than that.

You know, Steve Jobs in his book, Steve Jobs, one of the greats, Apple computers, you know, Steve Jobs.

Sure.

Oh yeah, of course.

One of the greats in his book.

Famous dead guy.

But death is just another piece of life when it comes down to it.

It certainly is, but there's no one deader.

I've been wondering something.

Are you alive?

Me, Bill Walton?

Yeah.

I'm as alive as it gets.

He's as alive as Steve Jobs is not.

I'm as alive as I couldn't have put it better.

Scott Aukerman with the amazing way.

Turn of phrase to reference how alive I am.

Now, the only time I am dead is when I'm a dead head traveling with a grateful dad.

Oh, that's right.

I forgot that part of your personality.

How could you?

You reference it a lot.

How could you?

Oh, I mean, we all know the lead singer's name.

Jerry Maguire.

Jimmy Garcia.

Jerry Maguire.

Cameron Crowe, one of the most fantastic men to ever go from Rolling Stone to directing.

Cameron Crowe.

I can't think of another one.

Annie Leibovitz?

Well, I mean, she directs her photo shoots, I guess.

And what is a photo shoot but a film shoot where the pictures don't move?

That's true.

I mean, in a film, there are 30 of those photographs per second, but she just was like, I'm going to take it easy and just do one.

24.7 in animation.

Certainly, yeah.

PD on.

Of course.

Fantastic group buy from the room.

Everybody listening early on and coming together with a PDI.

I do not believe it, Scott.

I am on the edge of my seat.

I'm thrilled.

PDI is one of my Pornhub search terms.

It's a public display of incest.

Oh, OK.

So you like to watch it when it's two brothers or two sisters or a sister brother.

I really prefer the stepmom, son dynamic.

It's kind of taking over the test.

Once if you're not blood related, the bad look doesn't matter.

Yeah.

Well, you say that when you try to fuck your stepmom, see what she says.

She's going to call it incest.

Trust me.

Did she?

Not your stepmom.

No, mine didn't.

Oh, you're supposed to be.

Hold on.

When you had sex with your stepmom, she didn't call it incest?

No, absolutely not.

She just called it mine.

I guess this is what I did with your daddy.

I find the emotional attachment involved with family members to be hard to overcome.

And I'll tell you, Scott, I do too.

I do too.

Because if they really because sex is so intimate and such an emotional thing that you want to have with the person, you can't feel that with someone that you already have that emotional attachment to in a familial way, can you not?

No.

Yeah.

I haven't really thought about fucking my family as much as you have.

It's interesting you say that because sometimes I think about trying to imagine what Matt Damon's penis looks like.

Anything?

You like Matt Damon?

Matt Damon.

One of the great penises of Hollywood.

One of the greatest and I am in the presence of another great wet penis with Christ over here.

Some of the most fantastic gentlemen in history with wet penises.

Christ over here.

Christ Starbo over here.

Matt Damon.

Carrie Elwes.

I had the pleasure of meeting Carrie Elwes on the set of Liar Liar.

Fantastic man.

Hilarious man.

A reader and educator.

He plays a stepdad in that movie.

That's right.

Another search term of mine.

He does not try to make love to Max the young son on Liar Liar though.

Isn't it pretty crazy how much Aziz loved that movie?

That he took the claw from Jim Carrey and brought it into his personal life?

What?

Is this for anybody besides myself?

I don't know what it is.

We have a huge Babe.net readers.

Take it down Babe.net.

One of the great takedown mediums.

Babe.net.

Medium.com.

If you're trying to take down comedians, these are the places to go.

Now honey, what were you saying about Matt Damon's penis?

Oh, I was just trying to say that.

I try to spend a lot of time trying to picture it.

Yeah.

And I can't.

And I think it's my emotional attachment.

Yeah, yeah, because you care so much for him.

I love the Bourne movies.

Yeah.

Do you think it looks exactly like him?

Just like him in Downsizing?

Yeah, exactly.

That's what it is.

I think it looks like Jason Sudeikis in Downsizing.

Oh, okay.

Interesting.

Matt Damon's penis, to you, looks like Jason Sudeikis in Downsizing.

It looks like it's time for us to do a little Good Willy hunting.

Gino Lombardo coming through!

Slam dunk, throw it down one time, big man.

Tiny man, 88 pounds skinny man.

Tiny, skinny, very skinny.

She's truly skinny.

I, if you're referring to the circumference of my urethra, you can't say big man.

Big man, huge urethra, when he takes a dump it's a pee.

All right, take us to break if you could, because we do need to go to a break if that's okay.

And it's a big break coming up, brought to you by peanut butter.

I'm a huge fan of peanut butter.

You gotta eat some if you got some.

Okay, that's good advice.

We'll be right back with more Comedy Baby.

Comedy Baby, we are back here.

Gino Lombardo is here with us and- Soon speeds whenever you're ready Scott.

Started recording, good.

We also have Chris and Chris, well obviously Christmas and Christ Starbo.

Hello!

Trying to get the Olympics out there in- Windscort.

Windscort, yes, of course.

Now Bill Walton from the NBA is here.

Yes.

You started that word at the end.

Yeah, you almost said say.

Is that what Michael Jackson and Paul McCartney were trying to sing?

Yes, yes, yes.

Yes, yes.

So they sang it backwards?

Yeah, the whole song is backwards if you play it the other way around they're saying, they're saying, what's the name of the song?

The name of the song is Say, Say, Say.

They're saying yes, yes, yes, and then it's about the devil.

It is devil worship.

Really?

In the great, the great- Tradition.

Great tradition.

Of Ozzy Osbourne?

Of Ozzy Osbourne, Kiss, Nights in Satan's Service.

Sticks.

Peter, Chris, Sticks.

The River Sticks.

The River Sticks, the river through hell that the old demon would take you on.

Who would use a demon?

Thank you very much, oh Mr. Roboto.

You know, there's another song that's a devil worshiping song.

What is that?

Do you remember the song that goes, I'm blue da ba dee da ba dee da ba dee da ba dee da Oh, of course I know that song.

Everyone knows that song.

Now, if you listen to that song backwards, it says, find the body, eat the body.

Find the body, eat the body.

Because find the body, eat the body, find the body, eat the body, find the body, eat the body.

It sounds like it's that version being sung by Hamster Dance based on the way you were delivering it too.

Now what the fuck is Hamster Dance?

Are you talking about- Are you not familiar with the wire?

Are you talking about the Kia commercials?

Are you talking about, I thought you were talking about the late 90s meme website?

Yes, Hamster Dance.

Yeah, da dee da do da dee da dee da dee da.

In the tradition of great websites like Ebombs World.

No!

Ebombs World.

I loved Ebombs World.

I just know Bill Walton since a human so well.

Oh man, let me tell you something.

If I was ever craving looking at a woman in a bikini, have some diarrhea, I'd go straight to Ebombs World.

Ebombs World gave me the heebie jeebies.

The same feeling that I had when- MJF sang Johnny B. Goode.

When MJF sang JBG.

That's right, I could not place the feeling, but I knew I had just said it not mere moments ago.

I was talking about my goose pimples, not to mention they're on my neck standing up.

Sure, all the physical attributes of having the creeps.

The creeps and the bleeps.

Speaking of creeps, Bill, do you have any- Excuse me.

I'm sorry, weird segue.

Scott Ockman with the obstetically insulting segue back over to me.

Do you have any sports advice?

They're trying to get the Olympics over there.

Oh, yes, to Winscombe.

Winscourt.

Winscourt, and that's Iowa or Wisconsin.

One of the great states of the union, one of the great bungling states in the union.

Thank you.

Bungling?

They bungled the Democratic primaries.

Back in 2020.

We don't know when this episode comes out, could be 2022.

Idiots out wandering around is what we would call Iowa growing up.

Iowa's out, but you are idiots out wandering around.

Bill, this is actually hurtful.

Yeah, exactly.

Like crossover from color commentary to just insults?

Yeah, exactly.

You've sort of turned into a Lisa Lampanelli.

Now we all know you're great at snaps though, Chris.

Christ, rather.

Christ, Christ.

Yeah.

Your mama, et cetera.

Mama, oh yes.

Do you have anything to say about Bill Walden's mama?

About, oh yes, exactly.

Okay.

If you don't, it's okay.

Okay, what's the difference between yo mama and Gino Vitarelli's mama over here?

Gino Vitarelli's my cousin.

I'm Gino Lombardo.

Oh, Gino Lombardo.

Gina Lombardi.

No, that was my great uncle who was a football coach.

Okay.

Gino Lombardo.

That's me.

Gino Lombardo.

It took me a long time to get it too, so don't feel bad.

Okay, so what's the difference between Bill's mama?

Bill, what's the difference between your mom and Gina's mom?

I'm getting revved up.

When did Nick Kroll there for a second on that delivery?

One of the great- One of the- Oh, and the great tradition of Jewish comedians.

From Mort Saul to Jerry Salfeld.

Adam Pally to Nick Kroll.

So the greats that we all know and love of Judaism.

Hilarious.

What's the difference between my mom and Gino's mom?

Yeah.

I can't wait to hear it.

Okay.

Gino's mom's frozen ice while your mom is getting fucked by me.

Jesus Christ.

No.

Jesus Christ.

You crossed the line.

Jesus Christ.

Jesus comma Christ.

There wasn't really even anything all that artful about it.

It just kind of like was- You were given the opportunity to not do one.

Gino said you didn't have to.

But that's what it's about sometimes is taking the shots.

When you're good at snaps, you're good at snaps.

You gotta shoot your shot.

If he hadn't taken a shot, what would you have thought, Bill?

If he hadn't taken a shot, I would have said, would you know what the great- We all know his name.

The guy from Hamilton, his name escaped- Lin Manuel.

Lin Manuel would say in that moment.

He would say, good morning, my sweet angels.

Just woke up.

Time to be creative.

Some bullshit like that.

One of the great inspiring tweeters of the 2000s, Lin Manuel Miranda.

There aren't too many inspiring tweeters outside of the 2000s.

This millennia.

Well, the way for them was paved by inspiring speakers of the 90s.

Oprah Winfrey, Phil Donahue.

Henry Rollins.

Rollins band.

Black Flag.

The great punk rock scene of the early 80s.

CBGB.

Gilman Street.

Some of the most unbelievable mind boggling music you'd ever heard.

Rollins band misfits.

Paul Dano.

Glenn Danzig.

I don't think he's gonna stop.

Paul Dano was- Paul Dano.

Paul Dano.

Mother.

Paul Dano doing his cover of Mother by Glenn Danzig while playing Guitar Hero 3.

You know him, you love him.

Mr. Zoe Kazan.

Signori Tassignora.

This is so- Bill, I gotta say this is so intense.

I don't know if I could have this every single episode.

I knew I was sweating early, but- You were sweating early in your career.

I was.

I was sweating early, yeah.

He's sweating early.

I literally fucked up my glasses a moment ago.

Your glasses are literally fogged up, my friend.

Wow.

Excuse me, I'm a passionate- A passionate man.

That's all right, so no tips?

No, yeah, exactly.

For the Olympics to get to your town.

Well, I mean, we all love the Olympics.

Jesse Owens carries strong.

Jesse Owens to carry strong.

The Olympics.

Tonya Harding.

Okay.

Doctor Who.

Doctor Who?

Tonya Harding.

Doctor Who, the newest iteration.

We'll take them.

Tonya Harding is the new doctor?

I feel like you've heard it here.

Is it true that he used a spanner to fucking bash Nancy Carrigan's knee?

The electric screwdriver?

Yeah.

Tonya Harding took out the most recent Doctor Who, the woman's name I never knew.

Jodie Whittaker.

Jodie Whittaker taking down by Tonya Harding and Galulli's back, my friend.

One of the great mustachioed perverts of our time, Jeff Galulli.

Oh, of course.

Jodie Whittaker, one of the great Broadchurch actors.

Broadchurch, one of the shows that everyone tells you to get into.

Broadchurch, the wire or the aforementioned wire.

I can't get into it.

You haven't even gotten to Amsterdam.

I know.

Where are the Hamsterdands?

Close.

Getting close.

Party.

Stomping in the house tonight.

LMFAO.

Everybody gonna have a good time.

When you're talking Berry Gordy, associates and relatives, LMFO.

And Rockwell are really two of the people on the list.

Laugh my ass fuck off.

Berry Gordy, laugh my ass fuck off.

Some of the two of the greats of all time.

Scott.

So no tips then?

What we're thinking about the Olympics.

The Olympics because we're bringing them baby.

We are bringing them.

Fall Olympics.

Any ideas?

Fall Olympics in Windscort hour.

Windscort, one of the greats skorts.

One of the, yeah, that's right.

The Skirt Short.

You got that right.

Windscort.

Did Kevin Smith ever think of buying the town and changing it to Wind's Jorts?

Is that a thing?

Oh no, you okay?

Oh no.

How long can you keep up this pace?

I don't know.

Oh, at least another hour or two before I have to go away.

Kevin Smith, one of the great 90s indie film directors.

Jersey girl, Clerks 2.

Now we know his resume, but I thought you were gonna compare him to other 90s film directors.

Robert Altman.

Yes.

Noah Baumbach.

Really started in the 90s with great films, Kicking and Screaming.

Tarantino as well.

Quentin Tarantino.

One of the great people that I saw getting a massage at a spa was that.

Is that a fact?

Tell us more, I beg you.

That's all I am.

I tell you what, that masseuse wasn't using her hands.

What was she using?

Her feet.

One of the great foot preference of our time, Dave Chappelle, Quentin Tarantino.

The guy who started WikiFeet.

James WikiFeet.

Chappelle and Quentin have another thing in common, egregious use of the N-word.

One of them's loud.

And one of them's quiet.

And one of them's Chappelle.

All right, well, so no tips then.

Of course, the Olympics in Widscort, Iowa.

You always get to there and then suddenly we're off track.

Exactly.

To me, the big trick with the Olympics is you gotta go for the gold.

That's right.

That's what we keep saying.

In planning the Olympics or in competing in the Olympics?

Because that is what you do when you compete.

My husband, Chris, and I, we were walking down the street.

Listening to the radio?

Well, there wasn't radio playing down the street, but we did bump arms.

We did.

You bumped arms.

Just by accident.

Oh, okay.

Then kept going, kept walking, went, whoops.

And then at the same time we looked at each other.

I had nothing to say, but he said to me, you gotta have the gold.

Yeah.

So the story is you were walking down the street, no music was played.

You bumped elbows and your husband turned to you and said, you gotta have the gold.

When we bumped elbows, I did say, oopsie.

You said oopsie.

I said whoops.

You said whoops, but at the same time he said you gotta have the gold?

Yeah.

Well, I looked at him as if I was going to say something.

I had nothing to say.

Okay.

He looked at me and he said, but you didn't say whoops.

So you didn't say that.

The whoops was based on the bump.

Sure.

But at that point you said whoops and then realized you had nothing further.

That's right.

Okay.

And meanwhile he said, you gotta have the gold.

And we were walking in the street and wind scored out.

What was the weather like during this interaction?

Balmy crispness.

It was a balmy Christmas day.

You were walking around, no wonder no music was playing.

Every day is Christmas day with her.

Oh, I like your style.

I like your style.

Gino Lombardo, come here.

I swish, I dunk, hit a three-pointer all at once if you're going for comedy points.

That was the Dan Cortez rockin' jock joke.

Dan Cortez, one of the great MTV VJs, coke loader Dan Cortez.

Downtown Julie Brown.

Downtown Julie Brown, adding the diversity of accents.

Eric Nees.

Rest in power.

Did he die?

He died?

No.

I don't think so.

You're just covering your bases.

He is either dead or manslaughter or something.

We don't know.

I thought he tried to kill himself.

Hey!

What if he did?

I don't think so.

Eric Nees killed by the great Charles Dutton.

Made slaughtered by Charles Dutton.

Eric Nees.

Facts that we all happen to know.

One of the great Duttons.

From Jefferson to Eric.

Eric Dutton.

All right, we're getting really inside at this point.

Look, we're running out of time.

No!

Fucking god, I'm so sorry.

We have one final feature and that's a little something called Plugs.

Oh, it is over.

I'm sorry.

That fucking slaps, dude.

Dude, that was New Plug Order by The Lobsters.

Thank you to The Lobsters for that.

All right, guys, what are we plugging?

Geno, this is your time.

You can check out my college thesis project.

It is behind a paywall, so I...

But you know, you can get probably a 30-day free trial period.

You get a 30-day free trial if you use the promo code Geno.

Right.

Or you can use Threedom.

Yeah, whichever one you want.

You can use Geno or Threedom.

One is only four letters and pretty easy to remember.

The other one is Portmanteau and a pun in the same...

J-Y-N-O.

Exactly, Gino.

That is...

I never knew that was how you spelled your name, really.

No, it's spelled Geno, but Gino is my wrestling name.

Oh, okay.

Who are you wrestling?

When I do backyard wrestling in Suffolk County.

Yeah, I will get into it another time.

Another time, please.

Come back.

You don't want to get me started on this now.

Will you have me back?

That's very polite of you.

Of course.

Also check out the podcast Action Boys at actionboys.biz with Z's.

It's three white straight males breaking down action movies.

You know, a podcast.

Sure, yeah.

And isn't there...

That's also behind the paywall.

Isn't there another one called High and Mighty?

Oh, High and Mighty, hosted by my favorite Long Island comedian after Alec Baldwin, is John Gabrus.

And this dude is a fat fucking loser, but he's...

He's the opposite of you.

He's the opposite of me in that he's fat and he's very kind and never says anything problematic.

Because we're totally different and he has no accent.

But check out his podcast, High and Mighty, where he interviews people and talks about himself over them.

And is that behind the paywall as well?

That one is one of the free ones, baby.

Oh, baby.

Yeah.

And when you listen to it, you'll know why it's free.

Very good.

Chris and Chris, anything to plug here?

Well, I think, you know, what we'd like to plug is we...

We should have mentioned this.

We have run out of money.

We have no money, actually.

Oh, you mean for the campaign to...

For the campaign to get back to win score.

Oh, meaning in personal life.

You have no money.

Yeah, well, it was all in that Tacoma, baby.

That's right.

Oh, dear.

It was in the Tacoma?

No, it was.

Yeah, that's right.

In the trunk.

Yeah, it was in the trunk.

What happened?

What were you guys robbed of?

Here's a good chance to plug the pond.

The car kind of drifted into the pond.

What pond?

What do you...

How did you get here?

The windscorp pond.

It's right in the middle of windscorp.

So this is before your trip here.

That's right.

Correct.

You're going to ask how we got here.

I probably have.

I'll tell you.

Okay, I'll go ahead and tell you.

Yeah, I'll tell you how we got here.

Let them know.

Yeah, okay.

We flew.

Okay, cool.

All right.

Well, that's right.

So anyway, we are on Southwest.

So it was on a plane.

I was going to ask.

You don't have the power of flight.

No, no, no.

What do you think this is?

Oh, I got...

They can tell them.

Tell them what do you think this is?

What do I think it is?

Do you want to know?

Yeah.

Yeah, tell me what I think it is.

You want to tell them?

Don't want to see it.

Some sort of fantastical story?

You're right.

That's what I thought it might have been.

Instead, you just flew Southwest.

We just flew Southwest.

Because you had a little bit of money.

We had some points.

We had points.

Yeah, we had points.

Oh, you had points.

We had points.

Okay, but not enough points to get back.

Oh, no, no, no, no, no.

We are stuck here.

We are going to be here until we get enough money to get back to the airport.

Until the end of your careers, aka lives.

Yes.

Until you're as dead as Steve Jobs.

Oh, okay.

Or Bill.

Whatever his last name is.

Bill Withers.

Bill Withers very well could be dead.

Yes.

He sang Lovely Day, I believe.

And another song.

One other song and that was it for him.

Lovely Day was late in his career.

One of the great singers of songs.

That's right.

From Bill Withers to Carl Withers.

To the greatest singers of songs of all time.

To Huey Lewis and the News' new record, Weather.

Oh, and why would that be relevant?

Is that?

Well, something I want to plug.

Find out at the end of plugs, maybe.

Or we can jump into it now.

We'll jump to mine.

Yeah.

You can listen to, we put out an episode of Huey talking Huey to me with Huey Lewis and Jimmy Kimmel a few weeks back.

Go ahead and listen to that.

I can't wait to listen to that.

Seriously.

I'm going to listen to that.

Please listen.

One of the great Scott Opperman music discussion podcasts.

From Analyze Fish.

Analyze Fish to You Talking You Too to Me.

This man is standing on the shoulders of giants for the podcast network of champions, Earwolf.

Thank you so much.

And Chris and I will also just plug a show that we are loving on Netflix called The Good Place.

Oh, okay.

We do love that show.

And the final season of which will be premiering on Netflix approximately a few months from now, probably six months from whenever the last episode premiered.

That sounds right.

You know what you're talking about.

Yeah.

Sounds exactly right.

Very good.

But you can catch up on all those wonderful show.

Or you can just come over to my house.

I have them all on my DVR.

Oh, there you go.

Sexy.

Okay.

We love just watching that at night.

Very good.

And in the morning.

Bill, anything to plug here?

Of course, I'll be announcing games for the Pac-12, the conference of champions, Arizona Wildcats, Arizona State Sun Devils, the UCLA Bruins, the USC Trojans, moving on east to Utah, one of the great states in Utah.

So you went west and then you had to make a U-turn.

And you forgot that they added two more. It was the Pac-10 when I was growing up.

Colorado, the buffaloes and popping up north to Oregon, the great state of Oregon, Nike.

So what are you plugging?

Craft beer.

Donuts.

Oregon State, Corvallis, Oregon, beautiful town.

Donuts, voodoo donuts at the great city walk.

The Oregon Shakespeare festival.

The Oregon Shakespeare festival, which my mother is going to.

Well, my friend Dan's mom is going to this summer.

She'll be seeing Arsenic and the old lace.

Go see Dan's mom at the Oregon Shakespeare festival.

They don't just do Shakespeare.

They also do old plays.

Old plays, new plays.

It looks like there's a farce there where the poster looks unenjoyable at best.

But no matter what, you're probably going to get the comedy and tragedy mask somewhere in that experience.

They're going to be posted somewhere on the poster.

The mask will be there.

There might be a dinner where you eat turkey with your hands, as in Shakespearean times.

I'd also like to plug a couple of podcasts, the teacher's lounge on Earwolf, the network of champions.

You're the Man Now dog with Dan Lippert and Ryan Rosenberg at Conversational Improv Podcast, which saying out loud, it feels unappealing at best.

And at worst.

I think, I mean, Conversational Improv Podcast is a triple redundancy.

Fantastic.

And those are all out there.

People can listen to any of those episodes.

Yeah.

You're the Man Now dog is on Patreon, but there are free episodes on wherever you get podcasts.

Very good.

And I want to plug, you watch the comedy, bam, bam television show on Netflix, the aforementioned Netflix, if you're in the United States.

Unfortunately, it's nowhere else.

But and I have no ability to change that.

So please stop writing to me.

All right, let's close up the old plug bag.

Start with a C when you want to close it all.

I almost successfully killed myself.

Read with an L and then you.

Holy shit.

Oh, God.

No, don't open it up.

Close it forever.

Don't.

Then Horatio comes in and he just says.

What?

Why is this part of it?

This is awful.

Shame on everyone involved.

Oh, God.

Make it stop.

Can you make it stop?

Just push a button.

I'm looking right at you.

Push the button.

Brett, he doesn't have his pedals.

Push the button.

He doesn't have his pedals.

Push the button.

And.

All right, that was the Jason Manzooka's remix of the closing of the plug back theme.

Have you heard that, Gino?

Is that I love it.

I like release the teeth cut, as I always say.

I don't know what that means.

Guys, I want to thank you so much.

Gino, obviously, so good to see you.

It's wonderful to see you as always, Scott.

Very good.

You're getting taller and handsomer every time.

Thank you so much.

And you've been recording this episode, right?

Haven't you?

Yeah, I'm pretty sure.

So, yeah.

Chris and Chris, wonderful to meet you guys.

Absolutely a pleasure to be here.

We are now recording.

We are now currently recording.

OK, good.

Always great to meet new good friends.

And I feel like I will be great, great friends with you guys.

Scott, we feel the same way.

We really do.

And you know, the motto of our hometown of Wintscourt is we're going to be great, great, great, great friends for real soon.

Is that above the wet penis?

Yeah.

Information on the side?

Or is that bottom at the top?

It's kind of in a curved curve.

I just like what you might see.

Like a rainbow, like a rainbow.

Sounds like my body, actually.

Penis down at the bottom and then a rainbow at the top.

We're going to be great, great, great, great, great, great, great friends.

Wonderful.

And Bill Walton, what can one say that you aren't going to say right now?

I mean, I can't.

The pleasure was all mine.

Scott Ockerman, the Sklar brothers, Jimmy Pardo.

When you're talking about white men who podcast, you got to mention Mark Maron as well.

Mark Maron.

Lock the gates.

What the fuckers, what the fuck buddies, what the fucking ears and what the fuck nicks.

And of course, what the fucking idiots.

Of course.

That's it?

All right.

Thanks everyone.

We'll see you next time.

Thanks.

Bye.

Yeah.

♪ Heroes ♪ you Thank you.
