♪♪ Mary had a little lamb.

Fuck the police.

Kill them with kindness.

I'm pretty good at this game.

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

Thank you to Pug Fuggly 84.

Pug Fuggly 84 for that catchphrase.

I don't think that one's going to stick, nor is Pug Fuggly 84.

I wonder if Pug Fuggly was born in 84 or became Pug Fuggly in 84.

I'm not quite sure.

The speaking of things I am sure about, though.

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

My name is Scott Aukerman.

I am your host for this episode.

Coming up a little bit later, we have a bookseller.

Boy, this is an exciting show.

We have a bookseller coming up.

You're going to want to stick around till the very last minute for this episode, a bookseller.

But you never know what's going to happen on this show.

But one thing I do know that is going to happen is we're going to introduce our first guest to you.

He's been on the show many times over the years, over the 11 years we've been doing it, almost 11 years.

We have the 11th anniversary coming up in a month or so.

Maybe four times, five times?

I think that sounds right.

Yeah, five times.

You like those five guys?

Yeah. Burgers and fries.

Yeah. Do you like those?

Yeah, I like the burgers and the fries.

You like the burgers and the fries?

I like both. Yeah.

Interesting.

I know it's half bills and McCoys typically, but I'm like, yeah, I'm both sides.

Yeah. So you're a guy when you go into five guys, you're like, I'm going to get a burger, but wait for it.

Yeah. Also fries.

They don't even like it.

They're like middle of the road.

You get run over.

Right. And I'm like, look, man, I like it all.

Interesting.

He has a new with the liquid.

You do we call it a CD or a what is a record?

It's a record. Yeah.

It's a well, what label are you on?

800 pound gorilla records.

OK. Yeah. And it comes out as a record.

Yeah. I mean, it'll it'll probably be vinyl at some point.

But right now it's just floating around in the air.

So you can OK, so it's access on your device.

It's digitized hilarity. Correct.

It is called Please Hold Me.

And he's been on the show four or five times.

So, you know, of course, who this is.

Please welcome back to the show, Matt Bronger.

I sure have me, Scott. How are you, buddy?

I'm well, how are you? I'm good.

I've how long have we known each other?

If you had to estimate.

I mean, I got I was on comedy Death Ray in was, I want to say 2005.

That sounds about right.

And I remember that was one of the most incredible, like an intimidating nights of comedy for all because the lineup was just bananas.

Who was on that lineup?

Galifianakis, friend and small. Jimmy Pardo.

Oh, yeah. Jimmy, I still do a bit in my head.

You know, you collect people, other people's bits, right?

And do it. That's all this show is, by the way, is me doing other people's bits.

I'm a rip off artist myself.

No, this show should come with footnotes for every sentence I say.

It's very David Foster Wallace, for sure.

And he brought it up with a piece of paper and like a three by five just in front of the mic. And he's looking at it going, no.

Uh, no, no way.

And he looks at the guy in the front room, goes, Hitch, Will Smith looks good, huh?

Hitch, I'm going to see it.

Hitch. And I still will just anytime.

And he's like, Museum, just hit or just pops in your head.

Hitch, the emphaticness of liking that.

No one like that movie. That movie was trash.

I bought it on a what I call a either a DVD or a Blu-ray.

I don't know. Still have never watched it. You bought it.

I bought it. Well, I bought it in the used thing going.

Hitch never saw a hitch.

Let's watch Hitch. You did.

Parto still for real.

Yeah, for real. Still a commitment.

Still have never seen it.

Who else was on that show? Anyone else?

Any ladies? I don't think so, man.

To your discredit.

Oh, and David. I'm canceled.

All right. Well, yeah. Yeah.

And was that the first time I ever met you?

Had you just moved to town?

What was it? I'd been in town about a year, year and a half.

I met you through Jonah Ray.

Oh, great. Jonah Ray and I have been kind of dive bombing open mics together.

Another friend of the show, a guy who used to have 10 TV shows at the same time.

Now he's whittled it down to where's he at? None now?

I think none.

I think that show business right there.

It really is. Mystery Science is off.

It is. Yeah.

So he's got none now.

But to his credit, at least he's not.

We used to go to shows and he would buy a big gulp and a 40 and dump the 40 in the big gulp into an empty bin and then walk into a bar with it.

So he's not doing that anymore.

So, yeah, I think life is about progress.

Doing no shows is better than that.

Yes, absolutely.

Oh, I forgot that about him.

The two fisted drink of days.

Now he's not to judge people on people's weight, but now he's thin as a rail.

Yeah.

And that has no bearing on his value as a person.

No, but he looks great.

But that has no value on how we should treat him.

I say we treat him exactly as we used to treat him when you would dump 40s into a big gulp.

Well, as you know, I'm all about the trends.

And I think these days you want a beautiful comedian.

You know, I've lost weight.

I think it's you. You look great.

I think it's one of those things where people well, but it's true.

I mean, look, you can't see it at home, folks, but I'm in a room full of handsome men.

That's right.

And we won't hang out with any other kind of men.

Not anymore. Those days are gone.

What I like is I like seeing comedy bills.

I'll see these on Instagram every once in a while.

You ever see a comedy bill on Instagram?

Yes.

And they're all like the sexy ladies of comedy.

Yeah.

And then someone's at home and it's just like, look, I'll go.

But as long as long as the comedian, as long as I can have a boner the entire time, pleasing to the eye.

Are there equivalent male lineups?

The hot guys of comedy?

Ah, I, I, I.

And why have I not been invited to be on one of those?

Well, I think people are intimidated.

Oh, I am offer only.

You know, of course.

Yeah, of course.

Intimidated by my handsomeness.

Oh, I see where you are.

Yeah. It's kind of one of those things.

Like, do you want me to just stand around on stage or do you want me to talk?

Yeah. Do you want me to twirl or do you want me to talk?

Extra grand.

Yeah, exactly.

Yeah.

An extra grand is an interesting concept.

When you think about this CD that you have out, or although it's not out on CDs, it's just a digital at this point.

Sure.

You can get it on iTunes.

It's out now.

Yeah. A Spotify, Apple Music, all of it.

What album number is this for you?

How many have you racked up?

One, two, three, four.

This is five.

This is number five.

This is about as many times as you've been on the show.

It's five or six.

Whoa.

Yeah. I feel- This is where you want to be as a comedian is where you can't even remember how many albums you have.

I just keep punching, man.

I just feel like this is the first one I've done an album and not a special and an album, but it was, my wife was just like- So this is an ordinary.

It's not a special.

This is an ordinary on purpose where I kind of had an hour burning a hole in my pocket and rather than go through the channels I went in the special before where I did everything.

So you're walking around, you just got an hour.

It's like- Just burning a hole.

Just, you know, spending cash money.

Yeah. Like a dime in the 30s.

Yeah. You're just like- You know?

Like, I'm just like, I'm just like everybody with this hour.

That's right. Yeah.

So I just, I just did a record this time.

I'm doing a special later this year, but this was just- You are.

Who's, are we breaking news here?

Is this exclusive?

Uh, ish.

Yeah.

So for whom are you doing this special?

I'm doing it in conjunction with my record label and they're going to act as a distributor and they'll put it, you know, somewhere.

They'll put it, yes.

Knock on wood, it's looking like Amazon.

They have a good relationship with them.

My last special was in Amazon.

All right. Wonderful.

So they, but your, your record label heard this hour and were like, eh, leave the cameras at home.

No, no, just don't do it visually.

Don't do it.

Actually, it's funny because the name of the album is Please Hold Me.

And it's based on, you know, my single days in my early forties when I was broke up with my now wife about how the, even the nicest 40 something single in a bar is, is grosser than the grossest 20 or 30 something.

Because 20s and 30 somethings are out for something acceptable that's creepy, which is sex and normal.

Wait, sex is creepy or normal?

I'm not, I'm having trouble- It's a creepy objective, but it's an acceptable one for someone you don't know in a bar.

Sure. So sex is okay?

Yeah, but guys my age in their forties, they're out for sex for that.

They're out for something more disgusting, companionship.

So, you know, your gross 20 something is wasted.

And I wanna see some tits, I wanna have sex, blah.

What's even grosser than that is a guy my age going, please hold me, please.

I'm so alone.

Let me touch your young skin.

So you can imagine they didn't want a visual of that.

They didn't want any visual of that face that I make when I do that bit.

I understand that.

That's, yeah.

I mean, I can't relate.

Of course not.

Cool young kid like yourself.

In this climate, no.

Right.

Winter.

Matt, it's obviously you're one of the world's greatest comedians and you're out there touring.

How many days a year are you out there?

I mean, I'm gone about two weekends a month.

Okay, let me do this, Matt.

You're gone two weekends a month.

On the average.

There are 12 months.

Yes.

That's 24 weekends you're gone.

Right.

Weekends last for how many days?

About three days.

About three days now.

So we're talking 72 days a year you're gone?

Yeah.

366 this year.

So you're home roughly around 280 some odd days.

That's about right, yeah.

Interesting.

What do you do those days?

Try to write, try to get work.

You know, drive around.

Drive around?

Just look at it.

So you're not even home.

No, never.

You're driving around.

Exactly, yeah.

No, I mean, you just fill the hours trying to self-generate basically and then work with other people.

Isn't that life?

Fill in the hours trying to self-generate.

Yep, yep.

For some people it's material, for other people it's semen, I don't know.

What people do with their homes is self-generating but you know, in order to propagate the species.

It is crazy when you think about how we use our time and other people use their time.

It's very different.

Yeah.

Are you saying we like you and me?

Yeah.

Because I don't want to be part of whatever you're doing.

Come on, you're with me in this hole, please.

You know, with, are you making podcasts?

Content, with Sling and Tent is what I like to call it.

Sling and Tent, that's right, yeah.

Do you have kids yet?

No.

I haven't seen you in a couple years.

The wife and I are working on it, knocking on the wood there so to speak.

I don't know what you mean by that.

You're- Doing it and doing it and doing it wild.

Yeah, that's what's up.

Congratulations and how long have you been married?

Two years.

Two years, so maybe you may have gotten married since the last time I saw you.

Maybe.

Since the last time you were on the show.

You were on the show at South By, you were saying the last time so that must have been a couple years ago.

So you probably got married in between me seeing you.

That's right.

Congratulations.

Thanks buddy, appreciate it.

How's married life treating you?

I love it.

My wife and I had an on again, off again thing, carried on a secret affair that all of our friends knew about.

Who is it?

Do I know your wife?

Do I know who she is?

My name is Kara Baker, she's my ex manager.

Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.

I'm sure you guys have cast backs.

I know Kara, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.

Yeah, but yeah, I mean, when people are like, how crazy did it get?

I say, I was at her first wedding, I was.

Top 10 drunkest times I've ever been in my life.

And that's saying something if you know me.

Because you were pining for her or did you just kinda know her?

Yeah, we kinda had a thing and it was like- You had a thing before she got married.

Mm-hmm.

Yeah, so it was like- Spill this tea, man.

It's me kind of doing- This is not a gossip show, but I- Usually, but I am into this.

Me doing that typical male thing of like, no, I'm happy for her, this doesn't affect me, glug.

Oh.

Yeah, and then a friend driving me home and me forgetting what my address was.

No.

Always a good sign.

And your friend didn't know?

Had your friend ever been to the- No, she knew, she's just like, dude.

Just rolled me into my apartment and shut the door for me.

So why'd she want your address?

Well, to know where to drop me off, she was sober.

But you just, oh, okay, I don't know.

I'm not following this part of the story.

Look, we've all been there where you're driving a friend home.

I feel like I'm drunk where I don't know what you're talking about.

No, take it right, wait, take it to the left.

And you're like, you don't know where you are, dammit.

And so then we don't want to talk about the poor person she was married to in between you.

No, well, that guy is remarried and has kids, so it's all- Oh, he's fine.

It's all good, yeah.

All good.

Mm-hmm.

Her marriage ends and then you start a torrid affair that was secret, you say?

Yeah, you know, just always, she would just- Why were you keeping it secret?

Because I thought it was weird, you know, dating your manager.

It is weird.

And when we came out with it, yeah, it was super weird.

And that was the big pressure cooker we were in that put too much, you know, stress on everything.

So when we broke up for eight months and got back together, started talking again as non-business partners, that was the secret sauce.

So wait, wait, you broke up as a manager-client relationship?

Everything, the whole thing, you gotcha.

So you just split apart.

Yeah.

Who are you with now?

Who's your manager now?

I'm with David Martin, her basically, her boss.

Her boss, okay, great.

So she kicked you up the chain.

Well, fired me and then he swooped in and was like, look, look, look, let's not go crazy.

When you were dating her and she was your manager, did she get 10% of everything, including your penis?

Or these are jokes- Yeah, I only gave her 10% of my penis.

Yes, these are jokes.

So did you ever say like, just the shaft?

I've never had it phrased that way, but it's interesting we did.

We kept it very professional, even sexually.

Okay, very good.

She'll love this.

These are all jokes.

We'll get you back to her and all her, all the people she works with, like, hey, did you hear what Bronger said?

She's like, God damn it.

Well, congratulations.

I haven't seen Cara in a while either, but congratulations to her as well.

And she's still within the field of comedy management, I would imagine.

Oh yeah, absolutely.

Let's run down her clients.

Who's she got or does she not like to say who she has?

Reggie Watts, Life's Lessinger.

Reggie Watts, of course.

Sam Jay, Aparna Nuncharla.

Everyone under the sun.

To a person.

And then there's you.

Gone, not with her anymore.

She cut the dead weight.

She ever get involved where she's like, oh God, I wish I could tell him what to do with his life.

We give each other advice.

I'll be on the road and I'll have someone- Really, you're giving her management advice?

Well, I'll be like, you gotta sign this person.

It's really rare, but I'll be like, this person's amazing.

Who was that?

Aparna, I found Aparna in DC.

Whoa.

So you discovered Aparna.

I did.

Another friend of the show.

Only been on one time, one time.

And she's giving you advice.

Oh yeah, she doesn't like to, but it's like occasions.

She'd be like, oh, I heard about this thing you could be good for.

That's all.

You know what?

That's a wonderful relationship between the two people.

Helping each other, giving each other a leg up as well as other things.

And that's fantastic for you.

And I'm sure all of this is described within your digital comedy experience.

Please Hold Me, which is out now on 300 Boots, or what is it?

800 pounds of gorillas.

800 pounds of gorillas, records, whatever that is.

And I'm sure they appreciate the plug here.

Matt Bronger is here and you can stick around the entire show.

I'm here, man.

Okay, great.

We have other guests to get to if that's okay.

I'm excited to see them.

Yeah, you're saying you're excited.

I'm excited.

We have to get, now I talked about this before.

Okay.

I don't know if you've ever read one of these things, but this guy sells them.

They're books.

Oh.

Yeah, this is incredible.

And people say the printed word is going away.

It's not what I've seen.

No, same here.

No, everywhere you look, there's a bookstore.

Yep.

And he is, I don't know whether he has a store, a brick and mortar or anything of that.

I'm sure he'll explain it to us if I would just cut down this introduction by a few seconds.

I think it's helping.

You think it's helping?

Absolutely.

So it's setting the table.

It's good build up.

I don't know if he's ever set a table before.

I mean, I haven't gotten into his home life like I got into yours.

Nope.

So you ever set the table at home?

Yeah, once or twice, for sure.

Yeah.

What do you, do you order out a lot or?

Not too much, some, but yeah.

Uber Eats, what's going on?

Yes, but I always do set my own table.

You know, I never use the plastic forks.

I use the- You always get out to cutlery.

What do you do with the plastic forks if they deliver them?

I put them in the drawer and forget about them.

Throw them into the fire?

Yeah, I let the plastic melt in the hearth.

Okay, great.

Well, we'll talk to him and find out exactly what he does.

I'm sure we'll talk about his relationship status.

I mean, this is, I've always said that comedy bang bang is sort of the Facebook of shows where we'd always talk about relationship status.

I'm glad you admitted it, finally.

Yeah, finally.

The Facebook of shows.

Let's bring him on right now.

He is a bookseller, of course, and his name is Lester Brads.

Welcome, Lester.

Hey, what's happening?

Books, baby, books.

Books, baby, yes.

That's what I'm all about, hey.

I love that.

Yeah.

This is Matt Bronger over here.

Hey, how you doing, Matt?

How are you?

Nice to meet you, sir.

Lester.

And I am Scott Aukerman, I'm your host.

Oh, hey, thanks for having me on the show.

You seemed so much more excited to talk to Matt Bronger.

Yeah, you know what?

Yes, I was, I'm sorry about that.

There's a palpable level of discontentment.

Let's unpack it.

Yeah, well, you know, Matt's here.

He's got an air of friendly and accessibility.

Scott, you got a Hollywood veneer of icy veneer.

Well, Matt has that gregarious, are you from Chicago?

Where are you from exactly?

Portland, Oregon, or is he, but I lived in Chicago.

That's what it is, the Portland people.

It's an open, they're the woods.

Outgoing gregarious nature.

Talk to people.

I'm a little more reserved, I'm a little more.

Icy, shut down.

You gotta know that shut down.

And we love books in Oregon, so.

That's right, Powell's Books, one of the all time great bookstores.

You said it, man.

Do you have a bookstore, Lester?

Is that?

I am what you call a mobile bookseller.

I am in a book mobile situation.

You remember the old bookmobiles back in the day that would have those?

I got a little bookmobile myself.

What were those?

You say remember those, explain them for those of you.

Like vans would drive around, they would say, it was a part of the literacy sort of push.

Was it like an ice cream van that a song would play?

It looked like an ice cream van, but they would sell books.

Would a song play?

I don't remember a song, but that's one of the flaws.

Here are books for everyone.

Something like that?

Somebody record that and send it out.

That's what they should use.

Oh, this is recorded?

Oh, you came on the show without knowing it was gonna be recorded?

I just heard there's nice people to talk to.

Even better.

Wonderful.

Do you play music like an ice cream truck?

I sing out loud through the window.

I love it.

Books, baby, come and get them.

That's not really singing, I would say.

That sounds more like shouting.

It's like a top singing, I'm a Rex Harrison, My Fair Lady fan.

Books, baby.

The Hold Steady, I dig it.

I don't know your reference, young man, but I appreciate your relevance.

Young man.

The Hold Steady is not a young man reference.

They're not?

Not really, a 40-ish guy.

Give me an example of the young man.

How old are you, Matt, by the way?

I'm 45.

You're 45?

Whoa, I misread you.

Appreciate that.

You've got the youth and vigor of a much younger man.

Thank you, buddy.

The vitality and exuberance.

Scott, you look exactly your age.

What do you think that is?

Let me see.

I'm gonna get, hang on.

I'm turning 29 this year.

You're turning 29?

Yeah.

That's what I thought.

You look exactly that.

Thank you so much.

So you have a, I now remember the old bookmobiles.

Bookmobiles are like, they're a van, sort of, yeah, ice cream truck-ish type of shape things.

Wait, would they loan out books or they would sell books?

They would give out books.

They would just give them out?

This does not sound like- Actually, I don't remember interacting with them.

I saw a snippet of them on public television when I was a young man and said, someday that will be my life.

Okay, so you had no idea what their business model was.

I'm not familiar with it.

Or whether it was some sort of public service that they were- It was more public service than mercenary, as I recall.

It was either give them away or loan them.

They're trying to promote literacy.

Ah, is that what you're trying to do with you?

You have a bookmobile?

No, I'm out to make money, baby.

I'm making big cash.

I don't know if you can hear, but I'm rubbing, here, everyone shut up.

Hey, you know.

Yeah, rubbing my hands together.

Books are gold to me.

Nice.

Top sellers is what I like.

Oh, okay.

Things that move.

Things that are on the New York Times top 10 list.

You know what?

That list is a misnomer.

They are not, I think that's the right term.

They do not sell well.

Things on the New York Times best seller list, I'm not interested.

Wait, they don't sell well?

I thought that they were the top 10 selling things.

I don't know who puts that list together, but that's not in my experience.

The New York Times does.

I like this.

The New York Times does?

Yes.

This is word on the street.

So this is good intel.

For example, for example, this is some time ago, but Eat, Pray, Love was once a New York Times best seller.

I was like, great, I'd like to make some money.

I got some copies of Eat, Pray, Love.

How many you get?

I get like five or six.

I'm a real close to the ground operation.

I steal books.

That could have, what?

I steal books.

I steal books from libraries.

I steal books from brick and mortar stores.

I steal books from my friends' shelves.

So you're, wait, you're shoplifting in stores.

Shoplifting from stores.

You're borrowing books and not returning them?

Or are you- I guess technically that's what I'm doing.

Or are you not even borrowing them?

Are you shoplifting in the library?

I don't even have a membership of these libraries.

You're shoplifting at libraries.

I guess I'm shoplifting from libraries, yeah.

And then you're homelifting from your friends.

Homelifting from friends.

And I'll end up with a good array of, you get a very- Sounds like five or six.

I'll get like five or six books.

You get eclectic selection that way.

Okay.

You know, you don't get your typical, I'm not your typical Barnes and Noble, what's on the front of the table.

I'll get a wide, and that's how I, and so I know what sells.

So I had Eat, Pray, Love.

Okay.

Five or six copies.

Hey, not many, but if it's a best seller, I should be able to move these titles.

Sure, everyone read Eat, Pray, Love.

I read it.

Did not sell Eat, Pray, Love.

Really?

Wow.

What, why were, were your customers giving you feedback at all, or what?

Yes, they'd be like, this is garbage.

They would throw this, this is trash.

Boring, I couldn't get past the fifth page.

Wait, so they had already tried to read it.

They would try it, they'd come back to me.

Well, no wonder they're not buying it.

Yeah.

Oh, I have a loan out, I say, give it a shot.

Okay, so you loan it out first.

Yes, and then if you want to buy it.

And if it hooks them.

Wow.

Or you like give a chapter and- Yeah, I rip out the first chapter, I'm like, take this with you.

And if you want the rest of it, come on back.

And they often, if they like it, if it moves, they come back.

Is there a rhyme that you have?

Like, if it moves, it grooves, or anything like that.

Yeah, if it moves.

It proves that the book is good.

I should do that.

I say, if it moves, it's got hooves.

Nice.

And then I have to keep going, because books are like horses, of course, and then it's finished.

Okay, and then you, oh, and then it's finished.

I think, well, then it's wrapped up.

If it moves, it's got hooves, because books are like horses, of course.

So what was the deal with Eat, Pray, Love?

People didn't like it?

I thought everyone loved that book.

I thought everyone loved it, too, but there was no plot.

I feel like you have go-getters.

Your customers are go-getters.

They're people that run up to a bus and go, I want a book from you, I have time.

I yell out the window, books, baby!

And I attract like-minded people.

And they're like, that's what's up.

They're not gonna listen, or read Eat, Pray, Love, like exploration, they've done it.

Sometimes I yell, sometimes I sing.

Yeah, that's right, so I attract like-minded people.

Wait, how does anyone distinguish if you're yelling or if you're singing?

I'll show you the difference.

It's at the end, it's the second half.

They start the same.

Okay, so you start with, books, baby!

That's singing.

That's talk singing.

And then regular yelling is like, books, baby!

Okay.

I like it a little.

You can tell the difference by the end.

I can tell the difference.

Yeah, I like it a lot.

Books, baby, books, baby!

Kinda depends my mood.

He's singing, he's singing.

If I've had my morning sugar, then it's talk singing.

Oh, I see, but non-caffeinated, you're just shouting.

If it's non-caffeinated and no sugar, then I keep it just for shouting.

A little grouchy.

Yeah, a little grouchy, yeah.

It takes me a little to warm up.

So, you're stealing books.

That's right.

You're taking out the chapters.

Yeah, as a sample.

And what happens if someone doesn't return the chapter to you?

Then they go on my list and I hunt them.

Now, not aggressively.

I'm not gonna change my life.

I'm not gonna change my life to go hunting them.

But I have a list and if I see them, I jump out of the van and I chase them down the street and I give them a one-two.

Wait, why jump out of the van?

Why not stay in the van and chase them?

I jump out of the van.

Until you catch them and then jump out of the van.

If I see them, because the drama of a foot race.

Yeah.

I love it, because then my adrenaline is worked up by the time I get to them and I give them a one-two.

I give them a punchy punch.

So what accent actually, you hit them?

You tune them up.

My accent, I was raised by two people.

One, somebody with a deep New York accent and one, an indiscriminate Canadian.

So my accent is a little muddled because I grew up in a bit of a hodgepodge.

Sure, so the New York part of it seems to have only come out when you said the old one-two.

I give them the old one-two.

Well, that was my mom.

My mom was, she was a rough lady.

Sweetheart, heart of gold, heart of gold.

But she wasn't, she was a fan of the old, the belt on the kid.

Which kid, you or?

Me, that's right, that's right.

Whoa.

You know what, it wasn't bad, because it was always what I did.

What did you do to deserve it?

I would start corporations.

What?

I would start corporations in the home.

Okay.

What does that mean?

Well, my mother was a business woman and I would start corporations and try to buy shares and take over.

And she would give me the old, she would, hey, get over here, get a belt out, whoop, whoop.

Wait, she was a business woman.

She was a business woman.

You would?

Start corporate, I would incorporate it myself.

You would incorporate and then buy shares of her business and try to fund raise a hostile takeover?

Yes, I would try to assume power for corporations.

Behind her back, through a shell corporation.

Through a shell corporation?

So she had no idea.

She didn't always meet at the last minute.

So she just hears some corporation.

She would be like, there's an offer for shares.

She'd be like, let me meet them.

She'd come into a conference room and then it'd be me, baby, me, ma.

Or me, baby.

Me, baby.

Gotcha, baby.

And then she'd get over here, spank me once or twice.

I would drop the offer to keep her company.

If only in real businesses, we could spank the hostile takeover people.

Well, what she did, I was like, she's right.

This is crazy of me.

This is not cool.

So, and I, you know, so I'll give people the old one too.

If they steal a book, I'm like, hey, you're not getting away with that.

I hit the streets.

I go running after them, whip off my belt, whoop, whoop, whoop, teach them a little thing or two.

And you know what?

Then they can keep the book.

Oh, you just kind of spank them.

If they admit they're wrong, then I feel like it's then they get to keep the whole book.

That's right.

So you, when you see them.

I bring the book with me.

I grab the rest of the book.

You see them, you park the van.

I park the van or don't.

I'll just jump out in the middle of the street.

Jump out in the middle, but you find the book that, is that always at the ready?

Yeah, I'll be like, they got the first chapter.

Carl Sagan's Cosmos.

I'll grab the rest of Cosmos.

I'll jump out on the sidewalk.

That's a heavy book.

It's huge.

It's like a coffee table situation.

Go hustling down the street.

I'm in shape.

Part of living.

I didn't want to say, but you are, I mean, there's a handsome man, a lot of core strength.

I appreciate that.

Yeah. Well, it's from a, you know, I live, I'm a man of the earth.

Hmm.

I don't know what that means.

Well, it means I live in my car and I, and I forage and I, I live tough.

Yeah. I'm not a, I don't, I don't go for creature comforts.

What's going on with you?

You seem to be stealing books.

You're living in your car.

What is your deal?

I mean, what you call a homeless man.

I don't know.

Do we call them homeless man?

Well, there was an era when that was called that.

I think it's past, I think it's now been seen as.

Well, we used to call them bums.

That's true.

Which is really bad.

And a long time ago, I think they were called hobos, which sounds like a blast.

Sure. That does sound fun.

I would love to be a hobo.

It almost seems like what we've described them on, it's gotten less fun over the years.

We're clinical.

Hobo?

I say this political correctness, I don't go for it.

It's less fun.

For a little while in country music, they were known as rambling man.

Sure, oh, that's even less fun.

From rambling man to hobo to homeless man to, what is it now?

Like temporarily without residence or something?

Something like that.

It's just gotten less.

In a state of not own, I don't know.

That doesn't sound fun at all.

Are we doing them favors by characterizing them in such harsh terms?

I think they should be called rambling men and women.

Yeah.

You should be called that.

I am that.

And I think that anybody who is in a, you know, these people down in the, you know, Los Angeles has a problem with people who do not have homes, whatever the correct term is.

Sure, you. Call them rambling.

Yep.

But you're talking about yourself right now.

I'm talking about myself, but I take care of myself.

How did you get to this situation?

What were you doing before you became?

I was a major investor and corporate holder in IBM.

Temporarily, not for long. Wow.

Through a series of machinations with my mother.

We teamed up for a while.

You teamed up?

She was a hedge fund investor down in old Wall Street, baby.

I just hear the accent again.

Yeah.

So you guys teamed up.

She was a heck of a mover and a shaker.

Real head for numbers, my ma.

Real, just she could like look at the stock market, know what was going up, what was going down.

And what was your part of the partnership?

I was more aggressive, hostile negotiation tactics.

Oh, so you're a negotiator.

I was the muscle.

Ah.

I would rough people up until they thought maybe it was a good idea to give us their shares.

Interesting.

What an interesting life.

And then that all fell apart.

Yeah, I eventually realized that it was bad character.

It was a bad way to live.

It was, it was- Oh, so you had moral- I had a moral, yeah, I was beating people up for money and it felt wrong.

You were beating people.

So this is a real hostile takeover.

I was beating people up for shares and stocks.

I'd run down the street, I'd be like, hey, hey, hey, pal, give us those shares.

These are huge guys, like VPs of Goldman Sachs and whatnot.

So you spent your life running down the street trying to chase people.

Running down the street is, it works.

Yeah, I mean, you are in shape.

I think all you've done is good.

It sounds like you've been tuning up people that needed a tune up, the Goldman Sachs guys.

Those guys need a smack in the face.

These financial guys, they're not good guys.

And now people that are, you know, running off with half a book.

Well, I feel better about this because they know they did wrong.

That's right.

But the Goldman Sachs people don't know that they did wrong.

I feel like they live in a, they live in a- Moral ambiguity.

A world where it's sort of, they've been told it's good.

They've been rewarded.

If you're a fish swimming through sociopathic waters, you're gonna drink that water sometimes.

It's like if a mafia guy does a hit, he thinks it's good because there was a pre-agreed, they've, somebody's broken an agreement.

Did you ever work in the mafia?

How do you know so much?

Temporarily I was in the mafia.

I was, I did not do well.

I did not do well in the mafia.

Which mafia were you involved in?

Yeah, I was never a made guy.

I was never, I did favors for some people.

Okay.

Yeah.

Okay, what kind of favors are we talking?

Books, I would recommend books.

I would go to meetings.

This is when I started making the transition.

Curate their book clubs, essentially?

They'd be like, go down to this place.

Some guy owes us money.

I'd be like, you got it.

I'd go down there, I'd start talking to the guy.

I'd be like, hey, you ever read Herman Melville?

We'd start talking.

And they'd be like, no.

I'd be like, you gotta read Herman Melville.

He's an American institution.

He's an icon.

You never had Moby Dick?

We'd start talking.

I'd say, forget the money, you're good.

Your money's good, I'll bring you a book.

So you would forgive the debts as well?

I would speak on behalf of my temporary employers and forgive debts, left and right, baby.

Left and right.

They must have been, yeah.

That's probably why they let you go.

They actually were pretty nice about it, all things considered.

Oh, really?

Yeah, they found me adorable.

That's great.

You are adorable.

I mean, for a chiseled cut guy like yourself, who seems to be constantly doing a lot of calisthenics.

Coming from an icy cold young looking guy like you, that's a real compliment.

Yeah.

Okay, well, we know each other.

We really have each other pegged.

Look, we have to take a break if that's okay.

Oh, why? All right.

Can you guys stick around?

Because we have more show to come.

This is a show?

Yes.

I can't believe it.

I'm a fan of great guys.

This is gonna be great for my business.

I find you adorable.

I really do.

Yeah, look out.

Look out for Mr.

All right, we'll be right back with more Comedy Bang Bang.

More Matt Bronger, more Lester Brads after this.

♪ Bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum ♪ Comedy Bang Bang, we are back.

Matt Bronger is here.

Please Hold Me is the album that just came out a couple of weeks ago, right?

Yep.

How's it doing on the charts?

Doing well, doing great.

Of course.

I got a question.

Yeah.

Is that a request to be beaten up?

No, it isn't.

It's a request to be loved.

Don't jump out of the van.

It's a request to be loved.

All right, if you move quickly to this room, I might start chasing you.

Okay.

If you like get up and walk at a quick pace.

That's fair warning.

I sometimes assume that means somebody wants to be chased.

Wait, so if you see anyone walking down the street.

Sometimes people look like they're in a chase and I'm like, I'll help this guy out.

Nice.

So helping them out by.

Chasing them down to give any old one, two, give any old one, two.

So giving them like someone, it's almost like if you're running a race.

Yeah.

You tend to run faster if you see someone on your tail.

If you're a pace, yeah.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Okay, so you're like a chase pace setter.

Somebody, I mean, there's no good way to put this.

I think some people are asking to be chased down and beaten up.

I'm sorry.

There's no.

Depending on what they're wearing or how they're acting.

How their body language and their movement.

If I see somebody hauling ass down the street, I'm like, I'll make that right.

Yeah.

I'll make that make sense.

Gotta set it straight.

How much time do you spend in your van?

This is Lester Brad's by the way.

Bookseller.

How much time do you spend in your van as opposed to chasing people on the street?

20% van, 80% running down the street.

I respect that work ethic.

So how far are you getting through the neighborhood in this van?

This may be impacting your sales.

I've never left the neighborhood of Los Feliz, Los Angeles.

Okay.

That's where I've seen you.

Yeah, I'm an Oldsmobile station wagon, 1986, baby.

Wood paneling on the side, books.

I got some books.

So wait, you're spending 20% of your time in your.

I say van, it's a station wagon.

In your station wagon, but you're also sleeping in it.

How much of your 20% is spent sleeping?

That's the sleeping.

That's all those things.

When I get to the brakes, I pull into a parking lot and start running.

So you're not.

I mean, I get back there sometimes.

I got to move it for alternate side parking and stuff like that.

I respect parking regulations.

Okay, good for you.

Good for you.

Sorry, Matt, I cut you off.

No, no, I just want to, curious, how long have you spent van rambling?

What's happening?

Hey.

Oh.

Sorry, someone just, a couple of people just walked in.

Hey guys.

Hey, sorry, we're in the middle of a show here.

This is comedy day right here.

This is a show.

This is a show, yeah.

Lester didn't know, but maybe you guys didn't know either, but this is a studio.

We're in the middle of a show.

So if you'll just make your way to that exit that you just came in through, we can continue.

Sorry, we got to use your microphones.

Yeah, we need to use your microphones.

My name's Merv.

I'm Dirt.

Merv and Dirt?

Yeah, we're the announcers for the radio station, Jack FM.

Oh, you are.

I just need microphones.

You need mics?

We need microphones.

Something happened to our microphones down at the Jack FM station.

We need to just use yours to record our bumpers.

Oh, OK, Jack FM is a local Los Angeles radio station.

Yeah, if you're not familiar, it's a radio station that's core audiences, white guys who will one day die in dirt bike accidents.

Oh, right.

Yeah, I have heard this.

I thought they didn't have DJs.

Yeah, they don't have DJs.

They have us.

We're announcers.

We're bumper announcers.

Bumper announcers.

We just record all the bumpers that air in between songs.

And I can see you have something you want to say, but before we get to it, you were just recently at the Jack FM, and all the microphones stopped working?

They're all broken.

Wow, how many did you have?

We had probably six or seven microphones.

Six or seven?

Yeah, the AVN awards, they sent us a bunch of nacho cheese flavored panties.

And we get a lot of freebies, and we use them to kind of soundproof the studio.

We forgot they were nacho cheese flavors.

A bunch of rats got in there and ate all the microphones.

They ate through the wires.

So they were eating the nacho cheese panties, and then looked around for other stuff to eat, and they ate the wires.

Sounds, I mean, that's a classic story.

A lot of people have that problem.

I've heard that one before.

Well, I can see why you need microphones.

So I mean, did someone invite you in here to take these microphones, or you're just on the hunt for microphones?

We've just been walking into buildings, looking to see if they have microphones.

How many buildings did you walk into previously?

18.

18 buildings.

And this is your 19th?

Yes.

Lucky number 19, we found our mics.

No microphones in the previous 18?

No, we went to the Denny's across the street.

We were like, where is it?

Why did you think there would be microphones there?

I guess maybe.

We'd never been in there.

We thought it was a podcast network called Denny's.

OK.

I guess sometimes at Denny's, the hostess stand would have one.

If it's a very.

The expo line.

Yeah, particularly busy.

But no, you didn't strike pay dirt with that.

Nope.

No mics in the whole joint.

And no podcast there at all?

No.

No podcast happening at all.

No NPR reporters trying to get slice of life ambiance with their mobile sound units.

No 30 something white dude annoying the hell out of everyone by doing his own podcast to be quirky out of a booth.

None of that.

Nope.

None of that.

No microphone at all?

No eccentric 16-year-old who's trying to make his whole identity that he carries around a reel to reel.

None of that.

No practical jokers recording secret podcasts.

We patted everyone down.

No one had a mic on.

You patted everyone down.

That's good.

It was mittment.

Everyone was invading personal space.

And they allowed you to do that.

They were fine with that.

Oh, yeah.

Then we told them that we were the voices of Jack FM.

They were very eager to have us pat them down.

I recognize your voices.

I do too.

Those are iconic vocal timbres.

I love Jack FM.

What are some of the Jack FM bumpers that you've done?

Just for people outside of Los Angeles, they don't know exactly what Jack FM is.

Can you give us an example of some of these bumpers?

Yeah, yeah.

Basically, these bumpers, they're just little announcements that'll play in between songs.

Like, you know, if you hear.

Like, say a song is playing, what type of music does?

Let's say you hear Rock Me, Amadeus.

Sure.

And Tub Thumping is going to play after.

If you're people are too dumb to know that those are separate songs, our voices will come on and say, Jack FM.

The little, yeah, you know.

So what percentage of people are?

I gotta say that I appreciate that service, because sometimes another song will start, and I'll be like, is this a new song?

And then I'll think, oh, yeah, because I heard it.

There are certain songs like, I don't know, Rosalia or Stairway to Heaven, where it's like, they could be five different songs as far as I'm aware.

It's a public service.

We get paid by the government to do what we do.

You're paid by the government?

We are.

It's a national service.

OK.

So are you trying to thread the needle between these two songs, like trying to be a segue between them?

So you say it's just kind of a sarcastic non-sequitur, or just an announcement about an upcoming event.

OK.

If you don't mind if we could just use the mics for a minute, we can just blast through.

Oh, so you're not going to take the mics with you?

I was going to say, just take the mics with you if you want.

No, we need someone to record them.

You just want to record them?

We need your engineer to just edit them for us.

I don't know.

It sounds like a lot of work.

The rats are our engineers.

I'd almost rather you just take them with you.

The rats are our engineer.

I'll do it.

If you record it, I'll edit and record it.

Thank you, sir.

You didn't even know this was a show two minutes ago.

I'll handle it.

Now you're editing things?

I'm interested in these bumpers, I'm a fan.

All right, so you have some bumpers.

Go ahead and just knock them out if you could.

93.1, Jack FM.

Sorry, Moochachos, but we play whatever the f-up we want.

Call in now to tell us which Imagine Dragon song you most want to be murdered to for a chance to win Peter Rabbit on Blu-ray.

Call in now to explain why you'd rather die than ever eat your wife's pussy, and you could win the chance to play Xbox 360 with the guys from Three Doors Down.

Jack FM.

Shove your requests up your doot.

We play whatever the f-up chick-a-wut we want.

Jack FM, 103.5.

Call in and tell us your favorite puddle of Mud Song to listen to while thinking about your aunt's bra.

You could win a pair of Skullcandy headphones autographed by Peter Rabbit.

The Jack FM sticker hotties are coming to your town.

Snap a pic of the sticker hottie's body shaming your teenage daughter, and we'll give you tickets to visit Jack FM's parent company, SeaWorlds.

Send us a video of you getting a public school teacher fired from their second job at Marshall's, and we'll fly you to Vietnam for the world premiere of Peter Rabbit 2, the search for the big gooey strawberry.

Send in box stops from 500 ketchup flavored tombstone pizzas for a chance to win tickets to the Jack FM.

Big outdoor fuck.

Jack FM will be hosting its first ever outdoor orgy this Tuesday at the La Brea Tar Pits at 2 AM.

We're going to push a bunch of our sweatiest, least employed fans into the hot sticky tar and watch them have an awful group fuck.

And it's all to benefit Alzheimer's research.

Jo, Jo, Jo, Jo, Jo, Jo, Jack FM.

103 point fuck, the suck.

Enter now for your chance to have the Jack FM sticker hotties come to your day job and force feed you a big spaghetti dinner.

Send us video of you kissing funny man Regis Philbin on the lips without permission, and we'll send you a $25 Best Buy gift card that's only redeemable to buy Peter Rabbit 3, the return of the big gooey strawberry.

It's time for another Jack event.

It's the Jack FM climate change denial beach bash.

Midnight every Wednesday throughout the month of August at Ventura County's most polluted nude beach.

We're going to see how much dollar store tuna funny man Jamie Kennedy can eat before the mercury poisoning makes his skin fall off.

First person eat their own weight, and Jamie Kennedy's rotting skin will win two backstage passes to rush hour two, the musical.

Next Monday, Jack FM is going to murder 311 live in studio.

Jack FM, you're cum's favorite radio station.

103 point nut point fuck.

This November, help Jack FM suppress voters in key southern states, and you could win an official Jack FM fleshlight modeled after the girl rabbit from Space Jam.

Breaking news, Jack FM is sending the counting crows to Syria against their will.

Mail in three sprite zero bottle caps for your chance to be flown to Syria to join the counting crows as they work to defeat the Assad regime.

Call in now and tell us your favorite Sugar Ray song to listen to while getting your ass kicked by your buff stepson, and you could win two Cinnabon flavored condoms autographed by the DC sniper.

All right, that's all the bumpers.

That's all?

That's a week's worth of work for us.

That's a week?

OK, wow.

Boy, you really knock them out.

I've heard some of those.

I've had a sticker hottie force feed me a spaghetti dinner.

You may have heard that.

Those are classics.

Yeah, yeah, of course.

I should have said so.

Well, you're out kicking ass, so you're not.

I'm on the road a lot of listening to a lot of radio.

Well, he's spending 20% of his time on the road.

Well, but you know, 80% kicking ass.

Yeah, 100% of the 20% is saying.

And for folks listening at home, these two gentlemen, those were all off the top of their heads, and they were just wandering around the room and just floating in front of the mic.

Yeah, you were pacing like you're Eric Bogosian and talk radio or something.

It was like watching figure skating.

It was really beautiful.

It was like beautiful figures.

We kind of go into a trance when we do these.

Yeah, it's amazing.

Really incredible.

The radio station has to play in these events just off of kind of the word association we do in our trances.

So Peter, these Peter Rabbit movies don't exist.

They're going to have to.

Oh, damn.

This goes all the way up to the top of the movie business.

Counting Crows is going to have to go to Syria.

Oh, shit.

Before you did those announcements, my cum's favorite band was Billy Joel, but not that I heard your announcement.

It switched.

That's advertising, baby.

I'm going to change my taste.

Wow.

How did you guys get into this business?

I mean, this is you have wonderful voices.

Did you always have?

Oh, thanks.

And these are your real voices.

Yeah, these are real voices.

Yeah, born with this.

Yeah, we were basically just searching on indeed.com for bad ass radio jobs to impress your hot girl cousin.

OK, that's a subcategory.

First listing that came up was Jack FM, first of many.

First of many.

Indeed.com.

I'm glad that you have one that targets people who have buff stepsons.

I feel like that's a mark.

Are you a buff stepson?

I am, and I have one.

Yeah.

Wait, so you are.

I got one too.

I'm in a relationship with a lady who's got a kid from a previous marriage, and he is buff, baby.

So your buff stepson has a buff grand or no.

A buff stepfather.

Well, you're a buff stepfather, but you're a stepson.

Grandfather, yeah.

So wait, your grandfather is buff?

My father's buff, and I am also buff.

Nice.

And your stepson is buff.

That's a cycle.

I don't want to get broken.

I want a series of buff, non-blood related children.

So you don't ever want to father children yourself?

That's not for me.

What about you, Mervin Dirk?

You guys want to, or Dirt, sorry.

You guys want to father children?

I'm in love with a drawing of Stripper-ella.

Wait, who draws that?

Stan Lee's Stripper-ella Spike TV.

Yeah, that's the Pamela Anderson.

The Pamela Anderson cartoon.

She's a stripper.

That's a TNN show.

Right.

We met on a private Facebook group with where us and a bunch of 53-year-old men share pictures of Stripper-ella we drew.

That you drew?

We drew.

So you're in love with a drawing that you drew?

I'm in love with a watercolor of Stripper-ella.

I made it.

It's beautiful.

You made it.

She's the ideal woman.

She's voluptuous.

Well, thanks.

Well, I don't know why I'm thanking you.

You guys should be thanking me, but you haven't even done it yet.

No.

OK, well, look, stick around, though.

I know you recorded everything that you need to record, but can you stick around?

We have another segment after this commercial break.

You guys are used to commercial breaks, right?

We don't really have anything to do with the commercials.

No.

We just do this.

That's a different department?

Then we go home.

Then we go back to the abandoned Cold Stone Creamery.

We live in with the surviving members of Drowning Pool.

Got any room there?

I could use a place to stay.

No, we're pretty full up.

We're pretty full up.

Our bunk beds are all full.

All right, well, look, we need to take a break.

But when we come back, we'll have more Matt Bronger, more Lester Brads, and more Murph and Dirt from Jack FM.

We'll be right back with more Comedy Bang Bang after this.

Comedy Bang Bang, we're back here, Matt Bronger.

We've talked about Please Hold Me, but you also have a podcast called This Might Help.

Is that, what is this podcast?

I don't like, look, I'm very worried people are going to stop this show right now and just listen to yours.

No.

So I hate bringing it even up.

That's not going to happen.

What is yours about?

People call in anonymous.

They call it a number and leave an anonymous message asking for advice.

And I just, I hear it as we're rolling.

So my producer just picks random calls.

I don't know what's coming.

And I just give advice on the spot.

So this is an advice show.

How good are you at giving advice?

I'm not bad.

I've made a lot of horrible mistakes in my life.

And I've- But you've learned from them and you are passing on your knowledge to them.

Exactly.

45 years of experience.

That's right.

And a lot of people who call in are kind of in their second or third, you know.

This could go anywhere.

I'm not sure what you're going to say.

Well, a stage of their life.

Oh, OK.

Like they're out of college.

I thought you were going to say marriage or- They just got out of a marriage.

They just, you know, moved to a new town, things like that.

And you broke up a marriage.

So you actually know.

In fairness, but she wasn't happy before me.

It's that ice cold Hollywood veneer.

Is she still not happy?

No.

OK.

None of us are.

No.

So and that is, that's been going on for a while.

And but it's coming- Well, it was originally called Advice from a Dipshit with Matt Bronger.

And the problem was- The problem is you have that- Got a curse word there.

Shit word in there.

So you can't advertise it.

You can't, things like that.

So just this might help.

It's still, I've named everything I've ever made as long as it makes me laugh.

It used to be called Ding Donger with Matt Bronger.

And so like, you know, this might help is kind of like, I don't know, this might help.

Take this.

You're naming a lot of things after things that people say to you or- Yeah.

That you say to other people.

Yeah.

I mean, a lot of people have been calling me Fat Donger because it rhymes with my name.

I've said that about you.

Yeah.

Well, I appreciate that.

You just met him.

I just met him.

But in my head, I was like, I wonder what Fat Donger is going to say about this.

That's it.

My wife made that up.

And as she puts it, it's not because you have a big dick, it's because you're fat.

Because she's hilarious.

That's what I was thinking too.

Yeah, totally.

But you look great.

I don't know why.

It was like an emotional assessment.

Thank you.

It's just something my wife likes to yell across an Ikea at me to get people's attention.

OK.

We also have Lester Brads here.

Hey.

He says he's a bookseller.

I would say he's more of a guy who chases people on the street all day.

Talk to my happy customers about that.

Getting super jacked.

You have like a 2% body fat.

You are- I'm living life.

Not that that's how we should place value on that.

No, not at all.

That does not make me a better or worse person.

But it is a physical phenomenon.

It is an attribute.

You look like pictures of Houdini in his prime.

I'll be honest.

Oh, he's one of my role models.

Well, especially the top hat and the cape and the- Yeah, and my straight jacket.

No shirt?

Yes.

Well, yeah, the straight jacket, no shirt combo is just- No shirt, but a straight jacket that I'm going to force out of it any second.

And you have not been able to get out of it.

You've been in this the entire time.

I guess I should have brought myself- Give me a couple more minutes.

Well, he tore out of the first one when he walked in the door, then put another one on.

I've never seen that before.

I've never burst out of a straight jacket.

To be fair, I feel like you just put that on for show and burst it out of it like- This was- this arrived on me organically.

So you would be working on that one for how long?

The previous one?

Yeah, the previous one.

Week and a half.

OK.

So we didn't get to see that week and a half.

So we just kind of saw this guy.

He walked in the room, burst out of a straight jacket.

I was so happy.

I was like, oh, that worked out.

And then you put another one on immediately.

It had us fasten it.

This will be like another- oh, no.

Sometimes it's less than a week and a half.

Sometimes it's a day.

So you- but you just said that you thought you'd get out of it very soon during the show, you think?

I'm just amped.

Now that I know it's a show and it's being recorded.

So the adrenaline has started to- Yeah, the spotlight is amping me up.

I think, unless you're not only good at adversity, you thrive through adversity.

You look for adversity.

I live for conflict.

That was what my high school English composition teacher told me.

Fantastic.

I'm not following any of this.

Are we thinking of different Houdinis?

I know the nu metal band on the 1998 Godzilla soundtrack.

That's who I meant.

OK.

Well, that's my Houdini with W-H-O-dini, is it?

I meant his body is ripped.

Yeah, that's our time power right there.

That's a soul band, isn't it?

We also have Murph and Dirt over here.

And I wrote it as Dirk, and I have to cross that up, because I keep almost saying Dirk.

But I made the T, but it looked like a K. Anyway, this is- There's Vane popping in Dirt's neck right now.

He's going to freak.

All right, guys.

It's wonderful to have people on the show, because- and Matt, you've played this game several times over the years.

But we play it every week on the show.

And this week is no exception.

It's time for a little something we call Would You Rather.

Ooh.

Is this Candlebox?

Shut the fuck up.

The theme song is playing.

A little respect.

This is a theme song for the show we're on?

No, for the- For a segment?

For the segment of the show.

Shut up.

You didn't respect Dirt's name.

I don't go to Jack FM and talk all over still going.

Yeah, because there's no mics.

Oh, that's true.

Our mics are all in our rat's guts.

I love trumpets.

Like as an idea.

You don't like them in practice?

Yeah.

You like them in theory.

Application, I'm like, that didn't work.

But the abstract idea of a trumpet I approve.

What's the idea of the trumpet that is- An announcement.

Oh, so you don't mean the shape of it or the- No, what it represents.

Something big is coming.

Well, I like what this is, which is a drum circle.

It's like a drum circle.

That's what I call it.

It's a bunch of trumpeters.

This is the best form of a trumpet.

It's a drum circle.

All right.

It's time to play Would You Rather.

We all know how this is played.

I'll read- people send us Would You Rather scenarios to our Twitter, which is at CBBWYR, which stands for comedy, bang, bang, would you rather.

I'll read them aloud.

And then I will open the floor for questions.

Please don't ask any questions before the floor is opened.

That, you know, it's not part of the rules.

We'll have to dock you points.

At a certain point, I will close the floor for questions.

There will be no warning to that effect.

Wow.

OK.

So this one.

No, no warning.

Well, you're warning us that there'll be no warning.

What do you mean?

Well, right now you're saying there'll be no warning.

No, I mean, I'm informing, not warning.

I think it's a warning.

I mean, I feel alarmed.

Scott, he thrives on conflict.

Don't take the bait.

I'm not going to fall into your conflict trap here.

Straight check or no, I will chase you down the street.

I'm not running.

I know, Lester.

That's going to happen.

If you run, I will chase you.

All right.

But there's not going to be a warning.

And then we'll say how we vote about this.

And then we'll tally up the points and assign a winner.

OK, this comes to us from Jordan Maywood.

Oh, would you rather superstar?

And he asks, would you rather be able to control time, but it's powered by the various fluids in your body?

OK.

Or Dungeons and Dragons replaces every sport in the Olympics.

OK.

Would you rather be able to control time, but it's powered by the various fluids in your body?

Or Dungeons and Dragons replaces every sport in the Olympics?

Should we discuss this out loud or just sort of my question?

Can I ask questions?

Oh, you didn't open the floor yet, right?

I should have been warned.

You were not.

You were warned.

By your definition, I was not warned.

You were warned about that.

You were warned about the not asking questions.

That I was warned about.

You're feasting on the cheese and the mousetrap, man.

I'm telling you.

Stop beating it.

All right.

I'm opening I'm opening the floor for questions.

You're bedazzling it with opals.

I've opaled it.

All right.

You have a question?

Yes.

Lester, Brad's.

I'm wondering.

That's my real and non-comedic name.

I am wondering.

When you're powered something by fluids, can you pick which fluids?

Because of some fluids you have an excess of.

Break this down.

How do you mean?

Well, I mean, I could super hydrate myself.

And then you.

What is your definition of super hydrating?

Just go nuts.

People under hydrate, from what I hear.

Yeah, I would like to super hydrate till you're peeing constantly.

You can't stop.

So it's just like a balloon.

Like a plump balloon.

OK.

You think you could get up there to plump balloon status?

Because you know.

Don't dare me, because I'll do it.

So wait, you take any dare?

Most dares I have trouble backing down from.

I mean, I could have told you that.

I've known Lester for about a half an hour now.

Thank you, fat donger.

And like, you betcha.

You betcha.

I would love to fill myself up with water.

Because then I'd have an excess of water.

But if it's going to just be like, I mean, some fluids are more precious.

Like if it's bone marrow, which is fluidy.

Yeah, that's definitely a good point.

I don't want to use bone marrow.

I don't know that bone marrow is tactically considered a fluid.

I know you can put.

Great, if that's off the table, I feel better.

If it's cum, according to my doctor's latest, my testosterone count, I don't have a ton of that.

Oh, really?

So you don't have a lot to, I mean, I guess any of yours is wasted.

Yeah, I got your opposite.

Unless you're donating it.

We all know.

I'm not interested in fathering children.

We all know a prize fighter is not supposed to have sex the night before a bout.

I feel like that's Lester every single day.

Yeah, exactly.

He's got a ton stored up.

He's picking which some fluids more, urine, you can have all the urine you want out of my body.

I don't need to hang on to any of that.

All you want.

Good to know.

Go nuts.

But I mean, there's also spit.

There's blood.

There's definitely blood.

I mean, a body, a human body, that is, is made up of 73% water or something like that.

So the robot body has way less blood.

There's goo.

Yeah, there's definitely goo.

I mean, we talk about the gum and the blood and the urine a lot.

But we don't talk about the goo.

Yeah.

How about the bile?

Your body has nine different things.

Whatever's floating around in your scrote besides your balls.

Yeah, there's other stuff in there.

Yeah, what is floating around in there?

Some kind of, I don't know, milk, silly putty.

Milk.

I feel like the spirit of the question is, the spirit of the question is you don't get to pick which fluid.

Yep, I think that's right.

Yeah, that's a big question.

Is that a question?

My question is, do you get to pick which fluid?

Any fluid will control time.

But I think, basically, different fluids can do different things.

And that's via trial and error.

Oh, so you have to try.

You figure it out.

Yes, you have to.

So at a certain point, you may blow your nose.

And oh, wow, I've jumped forward in time by three days.

Yeah.

Oh, OK, so blowing your nose does that?

Well, OK.

Well, what happens?

Then you bleed a little bit.

You go back a day or something like that.

Yeah, when I pricked myself, do I not bleed, et cetera.

Yeah.

So it's, yeah, you kind of.

I do always say that when I cut myself.

Sure.

Every single time you have an accident in the kitchen.

If you prick me, do I not bleed?

Do I not bleed, and then you laugh and go the immortal bard.

So he was good, I say.

He was really good.

Yeah.

As authors go in, you're a bookseller.

I know my authors, and Shakespeare is one of my top two.

Who's the other one?

Melville?

No, Mario Puzo.

Oh, yeah.

My author, the godfather.

He's number one.

Classic.

Yeah.

I mean, the movie was really good, but almost in spite of the book.

The movie I didn't like.

The book, The Godfather, I like.

They are different.

Yeah, and his book version of Superman I like, but not the movie.

Isn't there like a long section in The Godfather about someone's vagina and how wonderful it is?

That's right.

That is not in the movie at all?

Yeah.

Don't all books have that?

My favorite author is Tucker Max.

Ah.

Who is Tucker Max?

Tucker Max, he's a frat tire author.

You haven't read, I hope they have Beer in Hell.

Oh, yeah.

Yeah, I must have missed that genre of books.

Well, it got adapted into a film.

It did.

Oh, OK.

It really did.

And my other favorite author is Neil Patrick Harris's character from How I Met Your Mother.

He was an author in that show?

Well, there's a bunch of paperback books that are, his character wrote them about how to pick up women.

I live my life by them.

I'm trying to romance my stripperola watercolor using Neil Patrick Harris's books.

What do you think of the mystery in the game and all that?

Like, what do you think about all that?

It's played out.

Women have wised up.

That's the problem, isn't it?

Yeah.

We need a new one.

We need a new book for a story.

You get back to the typewriter.

You need a new book to trick women.

Yeah.

Got it.

But they already know the previous tricks, and they're expecting those tricks.

So now it's like three-dimensional chess.

That sounds like a bestseller.

We're working on it.

And I will stock it.

You'll steal it.

I'll steal it from somebody's home and then sell it one chapter at a time.

Any other questions?

I got a choice.

Don't choose because.

OK, sorry.

I mean, I explained these rules so clearly.

I have a Dungeness in Dragons questions.

I gave one warning, which was don't ask questions before the floor is open.

And then I informed you.

Yeah.

A non-warning.

I just informed you of the fact that it would stop at any time.

But I very clearly said don't vote until the floor is closed and then we'll vote it out.

I have a question about the Dungeness in Dragons.

I was looking at it like Lester was literally bending a piece of iron and then kept unbending it.

I was focused on that.

It's hard not to watch it.

Frankly, I apologize for missing the part.

There he goes again.

You're not going to get me again, Lester.

And that's a piece of an iron.

That's the other thing.

Yeah.

No, I'm sorry.

Yeah.

Not an iron bar.

Yeah.

No, that's like the bottom of the book.

That's a hot bottom as well.

Yeah.

Was that a Black & Decker?

This is a Black & Decker clothing iron and I ripped off the plate.

Yeah.

Hot bottoms, Murph and Dirt, you have any questions about any of the scenarios?

I have a question about each half.

Is Dungeons and Dragons a Seven Dust song?

I maybe.

What is that?

It's a, I guess it's a role playing game.

Matt, have you ever played this or are you too cool?

Yes, I used to play it when I was a kid.

For sure.

Now you're talking my language.

English, yes.

It's basically, it has a 24 sided die or 18 or 12.

There's a 20 sided die.

There's a 10.

There's an eight.

I know there's a bunch more.

There's a lot.

And you roll and then you're playing characters.

Yeah.

A lot of like elfin wizards and things.

You go on what it's called.

Changelings.

Your character goes on what's called a campaign.

A campaign, yeah.

I mean, you've seen the movie campaign, I'm assuming, Zach Galifianakis and Will Ferrell.

Yeah, he punches a baby.

Super funny movie.

So you've seen that, right?

Haven't never heard of it.

Never heard of it.

What's your favorite movie, guys?

Stripperilla, four episodes of Stripperilla, Back to Back.

Oh.

That constitutes a movie for me.

So you make your own movie.

It's a little movie, yeah.

I do commentary track for it.

I've played Dungeons and Dragons, but I only roll to chase.

Ah.

OK, so every single time on a campaign, you're like, I chase this person.

I chase this person, yeah.

You must not be very fun to play with.

It depends on you.

I mean, I'm consistent.

Yeah.

I have a question about the fluid.

Yeah, about the fluids.

Are we allowed to pick our fluid?

And if so, can it be the discontinued Mountain Dew flavor spicy grapefruit monsoon?

Look, I'm good.

For you guys, I'll allow it, because it seems like you're just going to go your own way with it.

I have a question, Scott.

Yeah, man.

So each category of the Olympics is now Dungeons and Dragons?

Yes, and what that is is basically like the categories still exist.

Right.

Like bobsledding and shot put and all that.

You're just doing it incorporating Dungeons and Dragons into it.

Oh, OK.

Yeah.

I thought everything was just, they're just playing Dungeons and Dragons.

No, no, no, no.

I mean, you are playing Dungeons and Dragons, but you're doing it with, you know how there are special Dungeons and Dragons, I'm assuming, boxes that have to do, that are like themed?

Yes.

So it's basically like, name something of the Olympics.

Ski jump.

OK, so basically what happens, you get into your skis.

All right, you get that ramp.

Right.

You carry along a box of Dungeons and Dragons.

OK, yeah.

Once you take off off the ramp, there's someone next to you, and you're rolling in midair.

In midair.

Essentially, yeah.

So it sounds pretty great.

So it takes longer.

Interesting.

Which rhymes with pronger.

It does.

But how about javelin?

OK, so javelin, basically you're taking the box of Dungeons and Dragons.

You're attaching it to the javelin.

To it.

Wow.

Yes.

You throw the javelin, the dice fall out of the box.

Whatever you get.

Whatever you get, then.

That's it.

Ah.

Yeah.

Wow.

It sounds pretty great.

So you would come.

It sounds good.

So you, if I'm hearing you correctly, you would go not only with how far the javelin went, but how well your character did.

No, you're not going with how far the javelin goes.

Oh, you're not at all.

No, you're just rolling it.

Oh.

Yeah, yeah.

So that does it.

No, if you're playing basketball.

Right.

One of the newer additions to the Olympics family.

Yes, of course.

Then the tally of the points doesn't make any sense.

No, you're just playing the game.

OK.

So you have to incorporate the bat.

You're dribbling while you're doing it.

The actual physical events and the competition is largely ceremonial.

Yes, exactly.

OK.

You know what I like about this?

The steroids will have way less of an effect on the game.

Thank God.

I don't know.

I mean, I think.

Do you find a way to, do steroids improve your dice rolling?

The steroids nuts out there are going to happen.

I don't think so.

A field day with this.

They really are.

I roid up right before Thanksgiving with my family.

We play the game of life and I just roll sixes every time.

Whoa.

So much strength in my hand I can precisely guide.

Wow.

Do boxing.

Do boxing?

I'm not your, your, your.

Do boxing.

Oh, all right.

Your New York attitude.

Hey, I'm giving you a one two.

Dungeons and Dragons Olympics.

All right.

So.

Careferencing for Mr. Brad.

Thank you.

So you get into your trunks.

You get into your what? cleats?

What are they?

What are you wearing?

No shoes.

Just shoes.

You're just wearing shoes?

Just like oxfords?

They're basically.

Like penny loafers?

They're cleats I don't think.

Well, they're like boots though.

They're specialty.

They're not just shoes.

I think they're Osiris's.

Osiris skate shoes you wear.

Oh, OK.

Yeah.

OK.

You get into your, they call them trunks though, certainly.

Don't they?

They're not like swimsuits though.

They're, they're, they're like, are they long shorts?

No, they're about.

They're not Bermuda shorts.

They're about regular.

About the size of a pair of swim trunks.

What differentiates trunks from shorts?

Hmm.

Trunks.

Trunks you swim in.

Generally speaking.

So they're not, but they're not swimming in boxing.

No, but I don't think they're called boxing trunks.

What are they called?

Like panties?

No, no.

They're not called panties.

They're not.

They're called, they're called jam.

Boxer briefs?

Oh, OK.

They're called boxing jams.

They wear South Park boxer briefs in the rain.

And they come each other.

So you get into those and then you put on the gloves.

And then you basically try to roll with the gloves on while you're punching each other.

Oh, that's hard.

And you know what?

I think boxing is the most easily adaptable because the ref becomes the dungeon master.

Would that be correct?

Exactly.

Yeah.

He's separating the two people all the time.

He's dressed as a wizard.

You're a wizard.

You're a fighter.

And then he's always, whenever someone is able to roll with those gloves on, he's always like counting it out.

Like 10, 9, 8, 7.

Uh-huh.

That works pretty well.

Yeah.

It does.

The floor's closed for questions.

Oh, I had no idea.

Nobody warned me.

I informed you about it, my dear boy.

Well, I could have used a warning.

All right.

How are we, Matt, I'm going to go to you first.

How are, what side of the equation are you landing on?

I got to say solidly on the side of Dungeons and Dragons Olympics.

Dungeons and Dragons Olympics.

Why is that?

Because if I had power over time, I would mess everything up, I think.

I don't want that responsibility.

I don't want that power.

How would you mess everything up, though?

You know, you're familiar with the butterfly effect.

Mm, I know the buttercream effect.

No, it's a, that's also a Ray Bradbury story.

Mm, OK.

I know dandelion wine.

Right, well.

Yeah.

Buttercream was when he.

Butterface effect is a Tucker Max story.

He veered into erotica to pay the bills for a while.

But no, yeah, well, buttercream, well, OK, you know buttercream where a man ejaculates and changes the future.

Yeah.

Because he goes back in time.

Of course.

And has sex with a distant relative.

Oh, you're not able to go back in time.

Well, in this story he is.

No, I'm saying in this scenario, I mean, you guys didn't ask questions about it, but you only go forward in time.

Only forward.

Yeah.

Still, I would still, I would still, Dungeons and Dragons.

You know, honestly, because I want to see Dungeons and Dragons Olympics.

I want to see, I want to mix it up.

I mean, even with.

I want to shake the box, so to speak.

Even with everyone dead from the coronavirus, 90% of the Earth, you still want that to happen?

That happens.

You didn't ask the questions.

Yeah, but that's real specific.

I feel like you're.

Now I'm getting an idea of the questions we should have asked.

Yeah, I mean, these are serious ramifications with this.

I mean, that's the whole reason they're Dungeons and Dragons Olympics is only 10% of the population is around and it's all the nerds.

Oh, yeah, I didn't follow.

I didn't get that.

You didn't ask the questions about it.

Like you were sitting here going, all right, I have a choice.

I have a choice.

It really is.

You know me, Scott, I look on the bright side.

OK?

That is true.

I look on the bright side.

You're the eternal optimist.

All right, we're going over here to Lester and Brad's.

How are you?

I assume you're voting.

Oh, I'm sorry.

I was talking to Murph and Dirt.

No.

He did say both of my names.

What do you have against Dirt?

He does have a duality in Dirt.

I'm going to say that I was confused.

Lester and Brad's, you're voting as a team, are you not?

Yeah, I'm voting as a team, just myself.

Your first name and last name are voting together?

They're voting together.

Every person is a team when you think about it.

Their first name and last name were you together.

You guys don't have last names?

No.

Did you really want to call on me?

I'll do it.

Yeah, please.

All right, I'm going to go for controlling time using fluids.

Oh, interesting.

Why is that?

You can only go forward, you think?

You can only go forward.

So at a certain- I think that'll be handy.

I get bored a lot.

Well, that's good.

I mean, every time you have any sort of fluid come out of your body, you're leaping forward in time.

So eventually- How much?

Oh, I mean, it varies.

I mean, we were talking about the blood that's like three days.

Semen is 1,000 years.

That don't ever happen?

Nope, stored it up.

Yeah.

Any kind of like a runny diarrhea?

Dad, that happens a lot.

That's one million years.

One million years?

One million?

I mean, after- I'm going to diarrhea myself a million years in the- So wait, I'll be out of my current society and I'll have diarrhea?

I mean, in three days, you basically are way forward in time to the point where humans don't exist anymore.

Lester, look at it this way.

You love to chase.

Why not chase the future?

I mean, I'm excited to see what entities I can chase down whatever passes for streets.

Wow.

Yeah, I mean, the Earth, I think, will- it'll be frozen, obviously.

Or- Bummer.

Or get some snow bunny.

You can see some snow bunnies that way.

There you go.

Baby.

Did you guys go see the movie Frozen expecting snow bunnies?

Yeah.

Big disappointment.

I saw this Olaf guy.

I was like, oh, brother, look at the curves on this lady.

I mean, 38, 24, 38, and 5'2".

Yeah, my type.

That's a Sir Mix-A-Lot dream right there.

If you look like Olaf, give me a call.

Give me a ring.

Oh, yeah.

If you look like Striperella in watercolor form, give me a ring.

Well, speaking of rings, Murph and Dirt, do you want to bow ring your votes to the table here?

Well done.

Yeah, I'm going to pick the fluid one.

Most people's bodies are 73% water.

Mine's 73% Steven Seagal's discontinued energy drink lightning bolt.

OK, great.

I can't really urinate that much, so I would have to do a little bit of dribble onto, what, is it a watch?

Do you, what do you, do you- Onto a watch?

What?

Is that how you try and travel?

No, no, no, no, no.

Just, it just comes out.

Anything that you export from your body, you suddenly are forwarding to.

Oh, OK.

Yeah.

Well, yeah.

I would go into the future.

I want to get my ex-wife's Jake Sully Sibian back.

OK, so you're both, I can't remember how you voted.

You're picking the time traveling.

I'm picking the fluid one.

You're picking the time traveling.

His ex-wife has a reverse Sibian of Jake Sully, the character from Avatar.

Wow.

I need it back.

You need it back.

When you sat around the office, we would toss onion rings onto it.

When you say a reverse Sibian, what is a reverse Sibian?

What's a forward one?

It's that thing that people sit on, right?

It's a vibrating boner that also has part of an abdomen.

Right, so a reverse is like a more.

This one you vibrated, doesn't vibrate at all.

Oh.

So you get on it and suddenly you start shaking?

Yeah.

You do all the work.

This is incredible.

You're a power bottom.

Increases the core strength.

All right, well, let's tally up the points.

Obviously, Matt, how did you pick again?

You picked Dungeons and Dragons.

Everyone's dead.

I wiped out 90% of the population.

And the rest of you picked time travel, where again, everyone's dead within like three days.

Once you have diarrhea.

Matt, you picked the right answer because everyone's dead from coronavirus, but it takes about three months.

Yeah, I mean, we're around for a while.

Yeah, so.

We can hug everyone goodbye.

Yeah, exactly.

So you are the winner.

Congratulations.

And that's how we play Would You Rather.

Thanks, mate.

Trumpets.

Was there a prize?

What?

Was there a prize?

You didn't win.

But for him, what's he get that I missed out on?

What's third place?

Yeah.

Why do you assume you got third place?

I assume.

He got first.

Who do you think is ahead of you?

I think these guys got second.

Well, they didn't vote as a team.

You voted as a team.

I would argue they're one man.

I think I got an honorary award.

I think I OK, I think that Murph came in second and then I came in third and then Dirt is fourth for thinking he had to dribble on a watch.

That makes sense.

Not to tell you how to run your radio station, but at Jackie Ben we give out a prize if someone wins.

What kind of prizes do you guys give out?

We'll be like, here you get like a family four pack of tickets to Dinesh D'Souza's documentary Hillary Clinton is a pedophile full of peas.

Good flick.

Great movie.

A family pack of four.

We're all family.

Well, we're running out of time.

We just have one final feature on the show and that's a little something called Plugs.

Plugs.

The Plugs show we like to call Plugs.

Yeah, well they never really meant much to me.

Yeah, because you're going to play the bunch of shit and forget to see.

Because I live in an era where I've come to really be.

This is good.

You like it.

Yeah.

Got you tuned.

Every time a song comes on the radio, do you give your opinion of it audibly?

Yeah, not everything.

Books, all media.

I'll be in the, I saw Parasite the whole time.

I was like, this is good.

You must be terrible to hang out with.

People like it.

Oh, you're running around most of your day.

Yeah.

When do you dip into movie theaters?

Between 2 AM and 4 AM.

OK, well.

When I can't sleep.

Thank you to, that was good, that is Plugs in Brackets by Baked Goods.

Thank you to Baked Goods for that.

All right, what do we plug in?

Matt, obviously we have Please Hold Me is the album.

It's out now?

Yep.

And This Might Help is going to be out soon?

In a couple of weeks, we're recording episodes right now.

All right, very good.

Anything else you want to plug?

Any dates or anything?

Yeah, just go to mattbronger.com.

You still go to mattbronger.com?

That's right, it's mine.

Wow, I stopped renewing mine.

The dues are insane.

Snap it up, listeners.

I get it.

Well, you had the platinum membership, and that's a lot.

Yeah.

The fact that it takes 15% of your income, I'll admit it was a little silly.

It was a little too much.

You were the only subscriber.

I appreciate you.

Yeah.

But yeah, go there, see if I'm coming to your town.

All right, very good.

Lester and Brad's, what are you guys plugging?

Me as a team, the royal we as a team, would like to plug a new podcast that's coming out by my friend Will Hines, and it's called I Will Write Your Book.

I Will Write Your Book.

Now, this Will Hines guy, he's had several failed podcasts.

That's right, yes.

He had several happening concurrently.

Yeah.

He ended all of them, didn't he?

He can't get any of them going.

They keep failing and failing and failing.

And then he keeps doing it.

He's a go-getter, which is what I respect about him.

He's trying to rebrand again, start over from scratch.

Why say something that people might remember and know, is what he says.

Now, what is this one called?

You're going to have to say it three times before it sinks in for me.

I Will Write Your Book.

Say it one more time.

I Will Write Your Book.

And what is this about?

Will Hines is a ghostwriter who meets with various clients, and they describe to him what book they need him to write.

OK.

Yeah.

And this is out now?

It's being out soon, in a couple of weeks.

Couple of weeks?

Wow.

It sounds like the podcast world is going to be shaking in a couple of weeks.

That's right.

Look out.

It's like the drops of two amazing programs.

All right, Murfdirt, the one guy over here, what are you plugging?

We actually can't stick around for this part.

We just got a text from our roommates, the surviving members of Drowning Pool.

They're in our car outside with the windows rolled up.

They need us to come.

Oh, let them out.

Oh, OK.

Oh, just got another text.

They died.

We got to get out there.

Oh, no.

We got to identify the bodies.

OK.

All right.

See you later.

Wow.

No plugs for Murfdirt.

Hey, Scott.

It's me, Brad Evans, and Nick Sirelli is here.

Hey, guys.

How are you?

Wow.

What's happening?

I talked to you on the Best of's in December, did I not?

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Yeah, we were just in the studio.

I thought we'd pop in first.

I say, hey.

Oh, that's OK.

Well, are there microphones?

Oh, no, they left the microphones here.

Yeah, we had a couple of guys in here who were using the microphones.

Couple of real gentlemen.

Don't know what you're talking about.

Or one guy.

I can't tell.

These two guys over here, Lester and Brad.

Lester, Brad's.

They are a couple of guys working as a team.

So what are you doing here?

You came here during plugs.

I don't know whether you have anything to plug, but if you did, I would let you do it since you just walked in.

Oh, I guess we could.

We weren't planning on it.

But yeah, we were just here to do some payola stuff with the Off Book podcast.

Oh, OK.

So are you doing payola for them?

Yeah, we're trying to get songs on there for record companies.

OK, good.

But yeah, I guess if we had to plug something, you could just check out our videos on Twitter.

Yeah, that's right.

They're one of your videos.

I think we talked about it on the Best of's.

It suddenly had a resurgence, did it not, recently, where a bunch of people started retweeting it, like Donald Trump Jr.

And well.

Yeah, Eric Trump and Ted Cruz.

Yeah, we did this video.

We did a fake dance to promote the Bloomberg campaign, ironically, as a joke, to make fun of the Mayor Pete dance.

It was called Moves Like Bloomberg.

And now, three months late, all these Nazis started sharing it, like Eric Trump and Ted Cruz.

But they think it's real, and they were like, look at these idiots.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

They're like, look at these fucking dopes.

And we got.

And you guys were like, no, yeah, we're idiots.

Look at us.

Yeah, exactly.

But yeah, we got Donald Trump Jr.

with it three months ago, and Eric Trump fell for it three months late.

Not a lot of coordination between the two camps.

Fingers crossed we get Barron.

Come on.

Don't bring him into this.

I know.

Oh, boy, dude.

Oh, please don't bring him into this.

I still have a chance.

It's going to get canceled.

I know he's off limits, but if he falls into our viral video booby trap, that's not on us.

Well, great, thanks for that.

And you guys are also off to your going to New York City, are you not?

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Can you talk about that, or do you not want to bring attention to what you're doing?

I think we can talk about it at a later time.

At a later time?

Come back on the show at a later time and talk about whatever it is you're doing.

We're going to Central Park.

Just saying, you're opening a vintage t-shirt store in Williamsburg.

We are, yeah.

We're opening a vintage t-shirt store that we sell t-shirts that just say, I love New York.

Wait, with a heart?

Yeah, with a heart.

It's so not ironic.

I thought you were calling it Flirty 8 Special.

OK.

All right, well, I want to plug, we have some live dates coming up we just announced.

Comedy Bang Bang is coming to Phoenix and Tucson, May 15th Phoenix, May 16th Tucson.

That is me, Paul F. Tompkins, Lauren Lapkus, maybe someone else, we don't know.

But those tickets are on sale right now.

All right, let's close up the old plug bag.

You're telling me I have to listen to another one right now?

You start with a C when you want to close it up.

I almost successfully killed my touch.

You shoot with an L and then you oh.

Holy shit.

Oh, God.

Freeing up the blood.

No, don't open it up.

Close it forever.

Take your hand and open it up.

Don't.

Then Horatio comes in and he just says.

Been holding on my whole day.

What?

Why is this part of it?

Been holding on my whole day.

This is awful.

Shame on everyone involved.

Open it up the plug bag again.

Oh, God.

Make it stop.

Can you make it stop?

Just push a button.

I'm looking right at you.

Push the button.

He doesn't have his pedals.

Push the button.

He doesn't have his pedals.

Push the button.

Yeah.

All right.

That is, of course, the Michael Hardigan, Jason Mantzoukas remix of the plug bag theme.

Guys, I want to thank you so much, Matt.

Always great to see you.

Good to see you, man.

Good luck with whatever fallout there is from this program with your wife.

It'll be OK.

All right.

And Lester and Brad's so good to see you guys.

We're both glad to be here, and we'll love to come back any time.

All right.

And oh, wait, Murph and Dirt are gone.

Lester and Brad's and Nick and Brad's.

So Nick and Brad's, you guys, thanks for coming by, and good luck with whatever it is you're doing.

And that extends to all of you.

Good luck with whatever it is you're doing.

And those of you listening at home, good luck with whatever you're doing as well.

Thanks for listening, America's Podcast.

We'll see you next time.

Thanks.

Bye.

Yeah.

Here comes the hero.

The hero.

you Thank you.
