♪ Comedy Bang Bang ♪ Before we begin, does anyone here have a Deez Nuts allergy?

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

Oh, our old friend Captain Pukefish sent us that one.

Thank you to Captain Pukefish for that catchphrase submission.

And welcome to Comedy Bang Bang for another week, a week where everyone is in their homes and for some reason we're all here.

Still entertaining America.

Well, this is America's podcast in America, including South America, all of North America.

And why don't the other countries change their names to East America or West America?

You know, I mean, look, you know?

In any case, we are, America's podcast does not rest.

We are here trying to make sure that you get through whatever self quarantining you are doing.

I mean, I guess you could quarantine others, but most of us are going through a self quarantine.

I haven't gone around commanding others to quarantine themselves, but I suppose that is the government's job.

But we're here.

My name is Scott Aukerman and welcome to Comedy Bang Bang for another week.

Coming up a little later, we have an assistant.

Whoa.

And this is the kind of heavy hitter lineup that we have here on the show during a quarantine.

An assistant was able to come out, so we'll be talking to her a little later.

We also have Griff Hedgley, the Diamond Guy will be here for the first time.

I don't know that we've ever spoken to Griff Hedgley, the Diamond Guy.

I think I would remember if I ever spoke to a Diamond Guy before, but we will be talking to him.

I would imagine about diamonds, although we could just be exclusively talking about him being a guy.

Who knows?

Who knows what he wants to talk about when he's here.

But before we get to all of them, let's welcome our returning champion.

He's been on the show several times before.

I'm trying to recall his details.

Well, he's a whisperer, Scott.

He certainly is a whisperer.

It's right there in the name.

He whispers to important men and women here in Hollywood, Scott.

Speaking of men, there's a Diamond Guy coming up a little later.

I work with guys, dudes, men, boys, bros.

Before hoes.

Bros before hoes, of course.

Of course.

Of course, Scott.

He is the titular whisperer himself.

Please welcome back to the show Sprague the Whisperer.

Sprague the Whisperer, Scott.

The whisperer to important men and women here in Hollywood.

Now Scott, I'm of course...

Enough with the introductions, Scott.

Let's get to business here.

Everybody knows who I am.

I'm Sprague the Whisperer, returning champion, baby.

Of course, agent at...

Agent at...

Well, I was working...

At Gersh?

No, at Gersh.

I was working...

Where was I working?

Hey, look, everything's different now in America.

Everything's changed.

No one's working.

Oh, no, I was at Abrams Lit.

The new wing over at Abrams, Scott.

Now of course, Scott, you remember I'm not only a whisperer, but I'm a producing manager slash agent.

I cross the lines.

Of course, that's right.

But Scott, I was here.

I was very happy to be here today, Scott.

When we booked this a week ago...

You were very happy.

I was because I had a huge announcement, Scott.

A ninja related announcement?

You're damn right.

What other announcements are there?

Sprague the Whisperer is very into any sort of ninja related properties.

Ninja based content, of course.

American Ninja movie with Cody from Step by Step.

Of course.

Of course, we've got Three Ninjas Kick Back.

Of course.

Three Ninjas Still Kickin'.

Three Ninjas It's Not Cookies, It's Fruited Cake.

Do they not number the Three Ninjas movies?

No, they're all tagline based.

They're all just tagline because it would be confusing.

It would be confusing.

Three Ninjas Two.

Because the truth is, all the stories, if you watch them, they could take place at any time at any order.

In any order, really?

Are they like the Fast and Furious franchise?

They're totally like the Fast and Furious franchise.

In the tenth one, they're going to go to space.

This is what I've heard, Scott.

You've heard that about the Fast and Furious franchise?

It's going around Hollywood.

Well, you know, I'm an important Hollywood guy.

Are you are you upset that the Fast and Furious, what was it, Nine got pushed back a full year?

Nine!

Well, they pushed it a full year.

To me, I'm like, yo, release it on streaming, baby.

That's the business model now.

You should whisper that to them.

Well, I've been trying to.

I've been screaming it.

You've been screaming?

Are you Sprig the Screamer now?

First of all, I've been so pissed I've been screaming, Scott.

Can you believe that?

I cannot believe it.

A guy who's pretty much always whispering.

You're almost screaming right now.

Well, yeah, I'm pretty worked up.

You are jazz.

I'm jazz, Scott.

I'm coming in hot, Scott.

My?

You're coming in hot like another friend I have.

Which one?

This guy.

Oh, Rudy North I represented.

Oh, you represented him doing what?

Well, he's looking for jobs now, so I sort of, you know, represent him.

Did he throat punch a writer?

He throat punched a writer.

I think he was working on the show Rekt for TBS.

I think it was pretty good.

You should watch it.

But, yes, Scott, I'm pretty pissed because my announcement sort of got Trump like everything in Hollywood got pushed a couple weeks.

So you got to push the announcement or are you going to announce it?

I'm going to make the announcement, Scott.

And I came here because I was looking for a director slash writer.

What are you announcing then?

I'm writing that I have acquired the rights.

Oh, you've acquired some rights.

Scott, I have acquired the rights to the holy ninja grail, Scott.

Oh, my God.

What could this possibly be?

Let me think.

The teenage, Scott.

Wait a minute.

Are they mutants?

They're mutants, Scott.

Do they happen to be turtles?

And Scott, of course, they happen to be turtles.

Teenage mutant.

They're turtles?

They were turtles at one point.

They were turtles.

Is that is that part of the I've never read nor seen any of the movies.

They are turtles.

They are turtles from outer space.

Yes.

They're not from outer space.

Now, Scott, there's two sort of cannons in the turtle universe.

And one is that they're sort of they are they more of the ninjaverse?

Oh, good question.

Do they just got the right.

I got to read.

I got to read a lot of this stuff.

OK.

I got to make sure.

But no better time when you were self-quarantined.

I'm sitting around self-quarantining.

Now Scott, of course, I've acquired the ninja rights.

I mean, it's it's not the animated CGI rights, not the Michael Bay of it all.

OK, what kind of rights do you have?

I've got the live action turtle rights, baby.

Live action.

Is that akin to the movie back in the what was the 80s or the 1991 Scott Ninja Turtles one, highest grossing indie movie of all time.

Independent film.

It's true, Scott.

And we're going back to our roots.

This is an indie.

This is not an Indiana Jones movie.

It's not an indie.

Oh, if you could get the rights to him.

Shit, you know, I've tried Ninja Ninja and a Jones.

I've tried hard.

You try it.

Why?

Why can't there be an alternate universe spin off?

Why can't Ninja and a Jones be like Miles Morales of the exactly.

He's got a parallel universe.

Yes, I'll work on it.

I've got time.

I'll work on it.

I've got nothing but time.

But my turtles movie and pitch, you know, it's gone.

Scott, I don't know what to do with it.

Yeah, this pitch is not perfect.

Scott, here's the thing.

I need a writer.

You've got some time.

I do.

Can I get you involved, Scott?

What are you looking for?

You're looking for someone to totally reinvigorate the franchise?

Let me walk you through the premise.

Give you a sort of.

Oh, you already have a premise.

We have a hard premise, Scott.

We actually have a lot of scenes.

What did you say?

A hard premise?

Is that like a hard out or a hard no?

It's sort of like we're going to do no.

We're going to do rewrites, but the premise is never changing.

Oh, hell no, Scott.

That is hard.

This premise is good.

OK, so here's the premise.

All right.

Hit me.

Opening scene.

You have an opening scene.

Yes, this transcends a premise.

Yes.

Into an opening scene.

I guess we have sort of the whole movie.

Great.

So you have a hard whole movie.

Maybe you could do punch up and direct.

That's something.

Yeah, certainly.

We could do that.

Non-union, of course.

Now, yeah, we'll talk about that in a second.

OK, Scott.

Opening scene.

We're walking through the streets of 1992 New York City.

We're walking?

Who is this weird?

Well, the camera.

The camera is walking.

When I say we, the cameraman is walking.

A lot of the movies through the perspective of the cameraman.

Is it POV, really?

I guess all movies.

It's not the POV of his camera.

No, no, no.

It's his eyes.

You know, I guess I guess all movies are for the POV of the cameraman.

I guess it can come between angles and stuff.

It's probably the POVs of several cameras.

The cameramen are always like the next, you know, that was like the next character.

Scott.

Oh, that's right.

I mean, New York is like the fourth character.

And this one, the New York is the first character.

New York is number one and camera people are number two.

Number one on the call, she's gone.

Wow.

We're getting in a lot of trouble with SAG.

So it is opening scene where we, the cameramen, are walking through the streets of New York.

And of course, Scott.

We see April O'Neil.

She's older now.

This is someone from the.

Yes, April O'Neil is their friend.

This is their friend?

Yes, she's kind of like their friend.

Let's see.

Let's put this in terms you might understand.

You're going to have to explain friendship to me.

OK.

So it's like they sort of hang out and they like to eat pizza together.

Not ringing a bell.

OK.

They saved her life multiple times.

Is that what friends do?

I think so.

OK.

In my ninja world, of course.

Of course.

So, OK, so we see April O'Neil.

Big yellow jacket.

She's walking down the street.

Just the other day?

That's right.

Wow.

So this is set one day in the past?

It's it's no, it's one day in the future.

It's gone.

Wow.

Just when just the other day is a day in the future.

Just the other day.

Well, with the cameraman's perspective, he's in the future.

The cameraman's walking through New York.

He's sort of remembering all this stuff happening.

OK, so he's in the future, but he remembers it as just the other day, meaning today.

OK, great.

Scott, you're getting it.

Finally.

So all right.

So we're walking in the street.

The April's walking through all of a sudden the the Foot Clan take over the streets of Manhattan.

The Foot Clan?

The Foot Clan.

That's Shredder's gang, Scott.

Oh, OK.

Shredder is who?

Shredder's the bad guy from Beach Turtles.

OK.

Is he a turtle?

Has he been turtled?

No, he's a shredder.

He's a shredder.

OK.

He looks like a can opener.

He's like a rat, isn't he?

No, that's Splinter, Scott.

That's Splinter.

OK.

I'll walk you through the whole canon here.

Great.

I'm sorry.

Did you treat me like a dumb asshole who's never seen any of the teenagers?

So in the first one, they're underground.

There's like some for some reason, there are four turtles and a rat in the sewers.

Here's my hanging out.

Here's my impression of it.

This is all like and all I've seen is the Oprah interview with them.

This is good.

Check that out if you haven't.

That's actually pretty freaking great.

For some reason, we were watching that on the Bang Bang television show, trying to figure out how to parody it.

And I don't know whether we were ever successful.

But here's my impression.

Here's what I think happened.

This will be good because I need to focus group this.

OK, here's what I think happened in the movie.

At some point, they pick up a manhole cover and they think it's a pizza and they try to eat it and their teeth break.

No, no, Scott.

That never happened.

No, but you you.

That's OK.

That is what I think happened in the movie.

So you were right.

You were right for like three words.

Manhole cover.

No, no, no.

They pick up a like four words.

They pick up a pick up at some point.

Something gets picked up.

Yes.

And then they turn on the cover.

It's a canister of ooze, Scott.

Ooze.

The secret of the ooze, of course.

Oh, I have heard of the secret of the ooze.

Is ooze something that they use?

Ooze is something that they use.

They put the ooze in ooze?

They put the ooze in ooze because they used it.

They put the ooze in ooze.

Exactly.

OK.

Now, Scott.

This is in New York, right?

This is, of course, in New York.

Of course.

It's the first character.

So the ooze, of course, turned them into turtles.

Then they learned.

We turned them into turtles?

No, no, no.

Sorry.

They turned these four pet turtles, which must have been flushed out of the toilet, separately.

And then- Separately, really?

So they weren't brothers.

I don't think so.

I think they're all gathered by the ooze.

So there are four different children.

Exactly.

And they're alive turtles?

They're alive.

So I don't want this pet turtle anymore, even though it's alive.

I'm going to kill it by flushing it.

So four separate children did this.

They all gather in one place next to some ooze.

Next to a little rat.

And the idea of this rat is that the rat trained in Japan with a guy named Urokusaki.

Okay, this all makes sense.

So that makes sense.

Okay.

So the rat sort of trained and- This is separate from the ooze?

Yes, yes.

Or does he- No, no, no.

Umatoyoshi.

That's the guy he trained with.

Urokusaki is Splinter, Scott.

Oh, okay.

Got it.

So they trained and then they got the ooze and then they became teenagers.

So they became teenagers.

Not ninjas at this point.

No.

And for some reason, Splinter became an old man.

Oh, okay.

But they mutated into it.

They mutated.

And they took care of the teenage and the mutant part of it.

Yes.

And then Splinter taught them ninja.

And the turtles, right.

So he taught them how to be ninjas.

So that's- Exactly.

Okay.

So everything- it would have been a simpler story if they mutated into ninjas as well.

Because then it would have- Inward, Scott.

But this was an indie movie, Scott, because they were really digging into the sort of character stuff.

You know, it's pretty good.

So he teaches them- Yes.

And then the film ends.

And then no, the film starts because then they're turtles.

April's there.

They save April.

Big thing.

They kill Shredder.

Right?

And they're dead.

So this is like manslaughter or murder or what is it?

It's pretty much murder.

Casey Jones crushes- the guy named Casey Jones, he fights people with hockey sticks.

Guy named Casey Jones!

I'm lost!

He fights people with hockey sticks.

And he like wears like a Jason mask.

Is this Casey like Casey in the Sunshine Band?

Like K.C.?

Or is it Casey like Casey?

That's a friggin' great- Hold on, let me flip through the IP here.

You have the whole IP?

I have the whole thing right here.

Hold on.

Okay.

It looks like- You are moving your hands like it's Minority Report, by the way.

It is sort of a visual- okay, it's a digital IP.

Okay, here we go.

Show me Casey Jones.

Enhance.

Bring closer.

Show name.

Alright, it's K.C.

It's K.C.

It's true.

With a dot after the C I hope as well.

No!

No, it's just open ended?

Open ended!

Baby!

I think that C might be his middle name.

Wow, okay.

So anyways, Casey Jones.

All this shit is canon, Scott.

This is all canon from the first film.

And then in the second one they learn the secret of the- The secret of the use, the third one they time travel.

Now Scott, we're walking through the street, April O'Deale, big yellow coat.

She's a big reporter.

Oh, that was- That's part of it, she's a reporter.

Has she become a reporter?

She's always a reporter, baby.

She's always been a reporter, great.

That's part of it.

She winks on the- she's like, I'd like to thank Michelangelo on, you know, whatever.

What?

On TV or something?

On TV she's like- When do we interview reporters now on TV?

Is she on MSNBC or something?

She's doing like a special interest piece where she's like, I got beat up the other day and I was saved by- Just by the day.

Just the other day.

And I was saved by Raphael or some shit.

And she winks like- And she winks and then they're all like so horny.

Are the reporters allowed to wink?

I think they are.

You've never seen like- I don't think I've ever seen a reporter wink after a story.

You've never seen like Van Jones say something on CNN and be like, yeah, you know, these black people need to get it together.

Then he winks.

You've never seen that?

I would think if I- You gotta pay attention, Scott.

If I saw Van Jones do that I would think that was some sort of secret code, like I don't actually mean it.

You've got to pay attention, Scott Van Jones.

Drop in the winks.

Now Scott, first of all, I haven't gotten to the inciting incident of this movie.

Well, so far we're just walking down the street.

Walking down the street, April O'Neill murdered.

What?

She's killed immediately by, well, the foot.

The foot?

That's the gang that works for- Oh, oh, oh, got it.

She's killed.

April O'Neill's dead.

How did they kill her?

Well, it's sort of like a sword or something.

A sword, so she's disemboweled?

This is what you're going to be writing, Scott.

Oh, I see.

You've got to figure out how she gets killed.

Okay, so maybe in the stomach her guts fall out.

I think so.

Maybe like a, you know, like a cut down or something, like a Game of Thrones de-gutting.

Suddenly her coat turns red instead of yellow.

Or I guess red plus yellow would be more of a lighter red maybe?

Maybe green?

I don't know shit.

Red plus yellow, what is that?

No, blue and yellow.

Orange.

Orange, baby.

Yes, which is of course the color of Michelangelo.

Michelangelo.

Scott, they all wear colors and stuff.

It's fun.

Remember Ice-T?

Colors.

Is Ice-T involved in this?

I do remember Ice-T.

We've got to get him back on the show.

Yeah, because I loved when he was on the show.

Did you really?

I did, and I do remember.

Some people might have thought that that was not great.

Some people thought maybe Ice-T shouldn't be on the show in this fashion.

But how do you feel about it?

But me as a person who's, I don't know, pretty much an authority on all things Ice-T, I think it's pretty cool.

Okay.

I kind of like the voice.

I thought, you know.

Yeah.

Was it like, it wasn't offensive.

Anyways.

So anyways, April O'Neil's dead.

She's dead.

So you're expecting the four turtles gonna pop out, you know, kill everybody?

Avenge.

It's kind of like Avengers.

The real Avengers, yeah.

But then guess what, Scott?

I couldn't even presume to guess.

April O'Neil, at her funeral, only one turtle shows up.

What?

That's right, Scott.

Did the invite get lost for the turtles?

This turtle is not wearing any colors.

You can't tell which one it is.

And he's crying.

He's crying.

Is he mutated and teenage as well?

Let alone a ninja.

He's a teenager, so he's emo.

And he's mutated, so he's got like big traps.

Oh, wow.

And he can do a backflip.

But this is not one of the canonical turtles.

It is, Scott, but the mystery is which one, Scott?

That's right.

We can't tell them apart because they're wearing masks or the colors or what?

Well, they were originally all gray masks, but then they were like, we can't tell these characters apart.

We've got to give them colors.

The toy company, of course.

Right.

So the turtles have similar faces.

They do.

They look exactly alike.

To be honest, they must be twins.

It's crazy.

I'm not going to say all turtles look alike because that's racist, but I will.

I'm going to say it.

Okay.

So anyways, there's only one turtle and he's there.

And this kid is Casey Jones.

He's at the funeral.

He walks up to him.

He says, hey, which one are you?

And this turtle, he looks back at Casey Jones and he says, I'm no one.

The turtles are dead.

The turtles are dead, but he's a turtle and he's alive.

That's right, Scott.

In this world, three of the four turtles are dead.

So they died in between the last movie?

That's right.

And here's the reveal.

I guess that makes sense.

Michelangelo is a party dude.

Okay, sure.

He's fucking dead from heroin.

Okay.

He fully OD'd.

Fully OD'd.

Well, here's the thing.

You find out Splinter left.

They were like the dad.

As soon as Splinter left.

Oh, he's the glue.

He's the glue.

They're lost now.

Michelangelo did heroin.

Donatello, audio erotic fixation.

Erotic fixation, really?

Yes.

Against a doorknob?

It was like a closet hanger thing.

Oh, okay.

He was tied up to a thing.

And then Leonardo died of testicular cancer.

Testicular cancer.

He was so busy being a vigilante, he didn't go to the doctor.

Oh, you got to get those checks.

You got to get your balls checked.

That's a big part of the movie.

It's amazing to me that you can pay someone to feel your balls and they have to do it.

That's pretty amazing.

When you think about it, it's legal.

I want everyone to just take at home, take a second, think about this.

If you have balls, if you don't, if you're a woman or if you don't have balls, imagine what it's like to have balls.

Imagine it.

I'm sure our upcoming guest, Griff Hedgely, the diamond guy.

He might have something to say about that.

But you're walking around, there's these two things between your legs.

You're like, oh, they're balls here.

Sometimes they're not even between the legs.

They're a little more in front.

Sometimes they're a little more in front.

Sometimes you get older, a little bit behind.

And they were always in between the legs.

I think that would be very painful.

That would be great.

But then you remember when that guy from Punky Brewster sat on his balls?

Oh, yeah.

Yeah.

What was that guy's name?

It's not the guy from Punky's Brewster.

Punky's Brewster?

Is that the plural of Punky Brewster?

I think it might be.

It's a Punky's Brewster.

No, it was Mr. Belvedere.

Mr. Belvedere sat on his balls.

Is that what he said?

Oh, that's the Doug Benson joke.

Oh, Doug Benson's got a joke?

He does an impression of Mr. Belvedere sitting on his own balls.

Oh, I gotta get Doug Benson on the phone.

I gotta get Doug Benson on the phone.

Get him involved in this.

He's a ninja guy.

So anyways, you find out.

It's fairly this.

Time travel.

Time travel?

Yes.

Okay, wait, which one of the turtles is this?

Well, that's a mystery.

We don't know.

Wait, but you just said the three of them are dead.

Michael Angelo's dead.

So it has to be.

It's Raphael.

It's gotta be Raphael.

The outcast of the bunch.

He's the outcast?

Spodiodi, Dopplicious, whatever the fuck that song's called.

I have no idea.

No, it's an outcast song.

Oh, okay.

Oh, is that from the Turtles movie?

We're gonna be using that song exclusively throughout.

So Scott, there's one turtle left.

He goes to get his time travel lantern, which is from the third one.

He travels back in time to save time.

Exactly.

We use that song too.

And he saves his brothers from killing themselves.

Whoa.

So he goes back, stops the hare.

Technically the testicular cancer didn't kill himself.

No, but he takes the doctor, he walks him through the surgeries and the treatments.

He goes back very far.

He goes back away.

He gotta go back three times.

Kind of like Endgame.

So anyways, this part, they're going back and then they bring all the turtles back to the future.

Okay.

So instead of leaving them where they were and letting them age gracefully, to the point where Raphael is.

That's not how time travel works anymore.

Have you not seen Endgame, baby?

Okay.

So Raphael then is considerably older than the other three during the movie.

That's right.

So now we've got three Ninja Turtles and sort of a like, you know, chill older turtle.

Okay.

Chill older uncle turtle.

So Raphael is not teenage.

He's no longer teenage.

He's not teenage.

But then you find out at the end of the movie post-credit scene, they go back in because Raphael's gotta die in this motherfucker, right?

Sure.

Post-credit scene, they go back in time, get a teenage Raphael from the past.

Whoa.

And we're rebooting the franchise with a teenage version of the turtles.

So the teenagers who were back in the nineties, they have been transported now into the 2020s.

It's sort of like a Days of Future Past timeline.

Yeah.

Well, we're creating a new turtle-verse.

Of course.

Now Scott, how do you feel about this?

You want to write?

Yes, of course.

This, I mean.

This is great, right?

This is, I mean, everything.

We will kill April O'Neil right away.

That's the part I'm most excited about.

It's so fun.

You get to write a death scene in the first- You get to a refrigerator April O'Neil.

That's really what I- It's so tight.

But then guess what?

You've got the power time travel, you bring her ass back, baby.

Bring her ass back and make her teenage.

Ooh, that's good, Scott.

Then she could date the turtles.

Scott, we are fucking vibing right now.

This coronavirus thing is kind of a fucking opportunity.

It really is.

We can go back to the drawing board.

By the way, I'm on Molly right now.

Are you?

Hell yeah, Scott.

We are rolling.

Well, of course it's canon that I love rolling.

I know.

I love going to Vegas every weekend.

In honor of you, I took some.

Are you upset that all the casinos are closing?

I am, Scott, but you know, I'm doing my own little home casino sitch.

Wait a minute.

So people are going over to your house- No, no, no.

I'm gambling online.

Oh, you're gambling online.

And I'm doing Molly, and I'm sort of just like every few minutes throwing money out my window.

So I'm just like at Vegas.

And you're putting all your food out on the counter so it's a buffet?

Yeah, I'm walking, I'm grazing.

I'm like, oh, do I want some peanuts?

Oh, I don't know.

Maybe I'll get some popcorn.

You hired someone to bring you free drinks.

Exactly.

So it's going pretty well at home.

Okay, great.

I've created my own Vegas and I'm rolling all the time.

I may work from home.

I hope you don't take offense at that.

Scott, let me tell you something.

Before you were saying you didn't want to demand that people stay home, take it from Sprague to Whisper, baby.

Let me whisper a little something in everyone's ears.

Stay home, baby.

Stay home!

Don't be like us.

Watch Ninja Turtles 1.

It's on Netflix.

It's pretty good.

Where are the other two?

Where do they reside on the streaming platforms?

I think they're both on Netflix.

They're all on Netflix?

They're all on the Netflix.

I don't know if you're going to watch.

I feel like I did watch them though.

You described them perfectly.

I did describe them pretty well.

Yeah.

I didn't tell you about my favorite joke.

Oh, what's that?

My favorite Ninja Turtles joke.

Okay.

This is fun.

My favorite Ninja Turtles joke is in they're sneaking.

So Raphael has been kidnapped, which is why I have the reverse of fortune in the new.

Oh, okay.

Raphael has been kidnapped.

Is he the weak one?

He's sort of the like bad boy who always gets into trouble and they got to go save his life.

Who does his voice?

Good question.

Is that Feldman?

Oh, the smart one.

Yeah.

Which crazy is that?

Surprising.

He's a technology guy.

Okay.

Raphael was done by like an old New York guy who actually plays one role in the first movie as a taxi driver.

When someone hits his car, he goes, Hey, I'm driving here.

Some shit like that.

That's the opposite of I'm walking here.

Exactly.

Well, no, I think you would say like, I'm walking there.

That's the opposite.

I'm walking here.

You really think about it.

That's probably the opposite.

It would be you're driving there.

I think it's the total opposite.

Yes.

You're driving there.

But he does it in a hard New York accent.

Raphael sort of sounds like this.

I'll do a quick accent.

Okay.

Here we go.

Let's see how your accent work.

Okay.

So, so what happens in the movies is he loses one of his weapons and he's pissed.

So he goes, he goes, he goes, damn.

It's kind of like that.

Okay.

I get it.

It's kind of like that.

He's like damn.

Damn.

I lost my side.

So what is your favorite joke?

My favorite joke.

And this is of any joke or just favorite joke in this movie?

Straight up favorite joke all time.

Okay.

I think my second favorite is like in the Hangover movie or something.

Okay.

But my first favorite joke of course is they're walking into save Raphael and it looks like they're walking into a trap.

So one of them says, wait a minute.

It's a little quiet.

And the other one says a little too quiet.

It's pretty funny, right?

Then the next.

Wait, that's the set up.

That's the set up.

Wait, how is that funny?

Just check it out.

Then they keep going.

Why did you just say pretty funny?

Just check it out Scott.

I'm whispering baby.

Then the next one, then the next joke.

Then they walk in and they go.

Then the next joke.

Then they go.

That wasn't a joke.

Then the next joke.

They go, they go, they save Raphael and they go, that was easy.

A little too easy.

You know, that was them getting in and then they're like, okay, that's something.

Then they see Raphael tied up.

They didn't save him.

They didn't say.

They say see Raphael, they're tied up and they go, wait a minute.

That's Raph.

Then Michael Andrew goes, a little too Raph.

So that's my favorite joke.

I see.

You see?

So it's.

A little too, a little too easy.

Yeah.

It's a third call.

A little too quiet.

Yeah.

A little too Raph.

I mean, that's a good joke.

That's solid.

Yeah.

I wouldn't consider the first two examples of it to be jokes.

As much as they're just.

To me they're jokes in the way that like, I've got a bad feeling about this is a joke.

Yeah, I guess you're right.

Or I'm getting too old for this shit.

I'm getting too old for this shit.

George Lucas says, is it, doesn't he say that's the most lucrative joke of all time?

Probably.

Motherfucker.

He's crazy.

Well Sprague, I'm in.

So you're on board.

Yeah, I'm on board.

Definitely.

You can update my IMDB.

This is in development.

I'm freaking so happy.

I know it's going to be delayed Scott, but we'll have the good time to make this motherfucker good.

Yeah.

Good time.

Yeah.

From good time to uncut gems.

Remember that movie?

Scott, this is how I win.

It truly is.

By the way, you, uh, you came in wearing gloves and now, uh, like ripped off of like Oliver twist.

They're now fingerless.

I've got 100% glove coverage except for the one very finger.

The one that you use for pointing.

The other one I scratch my butt with.

So you can use scratching your butts.

Let's take a break so we can all do that.

So during the break I want everyone to your home.

No one's watching.

Why don't you scratch your butt?

Maybe squeeze your balls for you.

All this.

Yo, we're in a different world now.

The rules do not apply.

All right, we're going to take a break.

We'll be right back with more comedy.

Bang, bang after this.

We are back here with Sprague the whisperer.

This first of all, the ecstasy is, is hitting like a second wave right now.

Yeah.

I usually actually see kind of comes and then it goes.

It's like a Batman the ride here.

It's just like Batman the friggin ride.

Although not closed down like Batman the ride.

Thank you.

Topical Scott.

Yep.

Very topical.

We've just been spitballing ideas the entire time.

Yeah.

We were talking about how we're going to include Krang in the movie.

Oh, we got to get Krang in there.

And I'm the one who brought it up.

I don't even know how I know who Krang is.

Well, Krang's the brain who lives in the robot body.

Of course.

Well, look for that coming in late 2020 and then getting pushed back to 2021.

Yeah, we're going to keep pushing it back.

By the way, do we have puppets in this one or?

Oh yeah, we bringing in the Jim Henson group.

We're bringing them back in.

They've been very busy with Dark Crystal.

They have, but you know what?

Nobody liked it.

So now they're available.

So it's like fully turtle time now.

Turtle time.

Thank you.

Let's get to our next guest.

We talked about it before the break at the beginning of the show.

In fact, when I talked about who was going to be on, we have, she's an assistant.

Please welcome to the show, Sabrina.

Hi.

Thank you so much for having me.

It's our pleasure.

Again, I want to apologize that Mr Nordstrom couldn't be here.

That's well, let me explain exactly what happened.

We occasionally guest drop out of the show and I've made many a scrambling call to people.

Sprague, you may have gotten one recently.

I've had a few of those.

And then I'm always like, look, I could fucking go out of my way.

Come through.

I have nothing to plug.

This was before the turtles.

Sure, of course.

But you know, sometimes we have to replace a guest who drops out with someone else.

So you are, of course, Mr Nordstrom's assistant.

Yes, exactly.

Yeah.

And so I decided to have you on the show instead.

Yes.

And usually, and we should have done this before, even if Mr Nordstrom was going to come in.

I usually like to go through just a series of rules about Mr Nordstrom just to make sure that everybody's aware if he is to arrive.

You're holding a big ass clipboard right now.

Yeah.

I mean, that's larger than it's like a novelty clipboard.

Yes.

It's like something you would see on like, you know, you're a good man, Charlie Brown or so they had giant pencils, didn't they?

To make them look small, make them look smaller.

Is that designed to make you look smaller?

Yeah, I like to feel small because you're a tall woman like to feel small.

You're a tall woman.

You're six.

If I had to guess, you're like 6 1 6 2 or something.

Yes.

You're holding a giant clipboard in order to look shorter.

Don't I look 5 2?

You really do.

Because I, you said, you're a, men want to protect me.

You're a sir Mix-A-Lot dream.

Interesting.

You said women like to look small.

Women like to feel small.

Feel small.

They don't like to look small.

They like to feel small.

I, okay.

They want, you know, I want to know that a man can pick me up, throw me around.

Right.

That's, that's, throw me in a pool.

Throw me on a bed.

That's pretty hard.

I feel like when I was watching, uh, not the circle, but what's that other, Love is blind.

Love is blind.

Yeah.

And you didn't say that she wants a man who just can, can make like wrap her up in her arm and his arms and, and, and just crush her or something like that.

Why is that?

Why is that a thing?

It just, it's nice to feel like someone could protect you and kill you at the same time.

That's to be pretty problematic.

I don't know.

No, it's beautiful.

It's wonderful.

Maybe you might want to date a Ninja.

Look, if you feel this way, you may want to date a Ninja.

If you want to be equally turned on and terrified, you might want to date a Ninja or Daredevil or Daredevil.

Be killed by a Ninja.

Now this is crazy to me because you work for who?

Mr Nordstrom.

So Mr Nordstrom is the owner of Nordstrom department stores.

Nordstrom or Nordstrom?

Nordstrom.

It's just Nordstrom.

So is that it's not possessive.

Is he possessive?

Mr Nordstrom?

Um, I don't like to comment on his personality per se, but, um, we, Mr Nordstrom, um, I don't know.

Um, so just to give you guys a heads up, we did have an incident at one of the Nordstrom locations in the last few months, uh, where one of our employees, uh, chat, um, chat, chat, chat, chat, chat, chat, chat, like, like a AOL online chat chat room.

Exactly.

Okay.

Is it short for chat room?

Short for chat.

So chat, chat, uh, uh, Mr. Nordstrom was in the building that day and, uh, chat did not abide by the list of rules that we have and, uh, rules for when he's in the building.

When Mr. Nordstrom is around and, um, unfortunately chat did fall down the escalator and is no longer with us.

Okay.

So you mirrored a chat?

No.

So is that him not following the rules?

Is that why he fell down the escalator or what?

Did he not follow the rules and then it was followed by him falling down the escalator?

It's both.

So that's against the rules falling down the escalator?

We strongly believe that chat would not have fallen had he followed the rules.

What rules did he break?

Um, well, many, many rules.

Yes.

So, um, one of the first things I like to tell people is, um, it's kind of hard to tell when Mr. Nordstrom is telling a joke and when Mr. Nordstrom being serious.

Okay.

Yeah.

That happens to a lot of people, you know, I mean, uh, you, you tell what you think is a hilarious joke at work and then, uh, and then people are like, what do you mean?

A little too rough.

I get it.

I can relate.

They're at work.

The turtles, do they consider that their job or is this their hobby?

They clock in, they clock in before they put in what this is part of their shift.

Yes.

They put in what everyone likes to call Ninja hours.

We'll talk about that.

Well, we flipped through the Canada.

I'll show you.

So they're on Ninja time.

They're on Ninja time.

They're putting in the hours.

They need to pizza.

Sure.

Not manholes though.

Not manholes.

That never happens.

No, the manual covers.

It's like they wear it like a hat.

They weren't like I had always peeking out.

So they're like, so they're wearing it like a heavy hat.

It's like a heavy hat.

Heavy is the hat, which wears the, which is the turtles.

Wow.

That is poetic.

I have a question for you.

Yes.

You said that this, this guy broke a bunch of rules.

Now this, I understand.

Yeah.

Well, it's one of those rules, like running near the escalator or like don't, don't trip near the escalator.

No.

So like I said, basically, um, he, it's hard to tell when Mr. Nordstrom's telling a joke, but you better laugh when he tells the joke.

That's one of the rules.

So, um, for example, if he says something like, you know, Bed, Bath and Beyonce, that's a joke.

That's a joke.

Yeah.

So should you be laughing at everything he says or is one of the counter rules?

Don't laugh at something that's not a joke.

I'd be on pins and frigging needles.

What's another one?

Um, I have to get my groceries, that whole paycheck.

That's whole paycheck because it's so expensive.

That's a joke.

Right.

Um, right.

I don't even frigging get that one.

So I would be, I would be, their food is so expensive that they call it a paycheck.

Oh, I don't get that.

I'm rich as hell.

Unfortunately.

What about groceries?

Unfortunately, chat, um, did not, did you get that operation where you don't have to eat anymore?

Well, of course.

I, when you're rich enough, when you're rich enough, you get the sun operation where you can look at the sun.

That's where you get your food.

I'm sure Mr. Nordstrom has got, has got that.

Yeah.

Well, um, Mr. Nordstrom actually doesn't eat.

He has misophonia.

Oh, what is that?

Which is a hatred of chewing.

Oh, misophonia.

Wow.

Chewing, eating, licking.

It's like opposite ASMR?

Yeah, exactly.

Interesting.

Okay.

So, um, when chat was killed, he was, um, eating.

He was killed?

See, you're pretty much telling us you killed this guy or Mr. Nordstrom killed this guy.

When chat was killed, he was eating, um, scrambled eggs and he had just finished eating them and he was putting his Invisalign back in.

And that is when.

You can eat on the job?

Mr. Nordstrom yelled from across the room, eggs for lunch.

And then he threw him down the escalator.

What had happened?

Okay.

He yelled eggs for lunch.

Eggs for lunch is supposed to be a joke.

So I'm scared because I'm like, do I laugh at that?

Do I, do I just, do I say I love eggs?

Freaking eggs seem cool.

And then if he says you should have laughed at that, I'm like, then if he says I have to laugh at it, I go, oh yeah, I was actually playing along with your bit.

We were both.

Yeah, we were both.

We were.

Mr. Nordstrom likes for the room to feel, um, kind of like, like there should be lively chatter with like a fearful edge, kind of like, um, like the movie clue or the movie clue is, is fear.

There's a lot of chatter, but there's a scenario where somebody finds a dead body and everybody in the room is like, Oh God, who did it?

And everyone chooses like an individual person to start talking to with a sort of a lot of rapid dialogue.

He likes, he likes, does he like altman-esque overlapping dialogue or, or yeah, like Aaron Sorkin.

Yeah.

Like realism.

Aaron Sorkin.

I don't know that it overlaps as much as people like, it feels like it overlaps.

Yeah.

Aaron Sorkin.

He likes Sorkin.

Okay.

So a lot of people walking around eating eggs.

Yes.

So okay.

Another one.

So hold on.

Another one.

Another murder?

Another rule.

I'm telling, I'm making sure if Mr. Nordstrom's going to come here to do this podcast, we need to know the rules.

You need to know the rules.

I don't want anyone getting hurt.

So this is what I don't want.

I don't want to get hurt.

Why would I even talk to this guy of frigging, he's going to frigging hurt me if I don't laugh at his jokes.

This is crazy.

He's, do you like working for him?

Yes.

Now, hold on, hold on.

Now turn off the recorders.

Hey, can you turn off the recorders?

Turn off the recorders.

And this isn't one of those, Hey, fake turning off the recorders.

That's bullshit.

Yeah.

We do that sometimes on the shelf.

Like the documentary where they just like hold the camera down, but you can hear everything.

Yeah, but you can hear everything.

We're not doing that.

This thing is off.

We literally want you to turn off the recorders.

I said turn off the lights.

Okay.

And I'm winking like Van Jones, just so you can see it.

Okay.

All right.

Let me ask you something.

Hey, nobody's listening.

Yeah.

Mr. Nordstrom can't hear.

Do you like working for this guy?

He scares the living shit out of me.

This is what I thought.

I fucking love it.

Wait, you do love it?

I fucking love it.

So this is like the movie Clue.

I eat it up.

Okay.

Turn the turn everything.

Turn everything back.

Turn the lights back on.

Okay.

So why don't we turn the lights off?

Because I thought, you know, be a bad Beth and Beyonce.

Turn the lights down.

That's pretty good.

Um, if Mr. Nordstrom, um, passes gas, it's important to take a big whiff.

A big whiff.

And say, good boy.

No.

Okay.

I don't know.

Here's the thing.

Is it audible?

How do we know that he's done it?

Oh, you'll know.

You'll know.

So if it's just SBD, you'll still smell and you'll, you'll have to say that.

It mostly is SBD.

So what you're saying is like a campfire mixed with a hot dog, mixed with a happy meal.

Campfire mixed with a hot dog.

All right.

And then a happy meal as well.

That's pretty crazy.

This sounds like a great Friday night.

I'll be honest.

It's one of those weird smells that I'm like, I'm into that.

So let me, let me, okay.

So I, I'm freaking out because you are freaking out.

Well, first of all, the Molly is not helping.

Thank you for reminding me, Scott.

Let me send real quick.

Let me just look at, hold on.

Let me look at my hand.

I'm here.

You're here.

All right.

Let me touch them.

Bring yourself back to earth.

My totem.

All right.

Here we go.

All right.

I think I still spinning.

Yeah, it's, it's spinning, but wait a minute.

It's still spinning.

Okay.

Stop spinning.

Thank God.

Now, of course, this guy, he, this guy, this guy, like, like Jimmy Hendrix.

No.

Excuse me.

I guess this guy, you know what, Scott?

No, I wasn't saying that, but yeah, if you want me to, I could, maybe please do this guy.

This guy, he, he owns the company.

Does he do work?

Is he like a good, does he do stuff for the company?

What does he do when he goes by these Nordstrom stores?

I feel like he's, he's caring so much about these rules.

He checks in, checks in, sings, sings.

Yeah.

What does he sing?

What does he have a repertoire?

Michelle branch.

Really?

Oh, interesting.

Okay.

That song's a load of piano.

I got to say.

Yeah, he doesn't play.

So he just sings acapella.

Does he sing the piano parts too?

Like, like whenever the lyrics go out, does he go?

Yeah.

Making my way back.

Back in fast.

continue.

Staring blankly ahead.

Let's make him away.

Make my way in the world today.

Takes everything you got.

Does he ever do a mashup?

Oh, that'd be good.

That's such a good idea.

I think it would really boost morale.

Morale is very low.

So when he sings, what are we going to do?

What's the rule here?

Uh, when he sings, please let him sing.

Please let him.

So people have tried to stop him.

That's not hard.

Physically restraining him?

Chad did try to stop him from singing.

By tackling him or putting like a rag into his mouth?

How did he try to stop?

Um, he just, he kind of put his hands up and he said, no more.

Oh, so verbal command.

So what happened to Chad after that?

Because he got killed after the other thing.

Um, well, this is all leading up to the moment of course, when he was thrown down the escalator.

So describe this in sequence exactly what happened.

That is Chad ChatterSmith.

What is it?

Chatterthyn is eating eggs and it's approximately noon.

Lunchtime.

Sure.

Thank you for clarifying.

So he's, he's, he finishes his eggs.

He finishes his eggs.

Puts in his Invisalign.

Yeah.

Which you're, you should, you know, brush your teeth, but Chad didn't put it right back in.

Okay.

He works in, um, junior's department.

Oh, okay.

This is good clarification.

And I'm picturing it.

Mr Nordstrom was picturing him with his Invisalign and then a lot of, uh, uh, smaller clothes than usual surrounding like a suit for a little boy, like a three piece suit with a funny vest that you can put them in and be like, Oh, this is so cute.

He's never, he's not going to wear it anywhere.

But it's fun to put him in like young women's clothes, you know, like, like t-shirts that say like daddy's dangerous little girl with big credit card.

Daddy's dangerous little girl with big credit card.

We got to make this shirt.

This is the shirt.

It's mostly, you know, little clothes, like little, little vests for girls.

Like Bruce Springsteen style, just vests?

Just little vests.

And so anyway, he, he finishes his eggs.

He puts it in his Invisalign.

He goes to put in the rubber bands.

He hears from across the room, Mr. Nordstrom saying, uh, something like eggs for lunch, eggs for lunch, something like he sprints.

Mr. Nordstrom sprints.

How fast can he go so fast?

Really?

He's small.

I mean, he's, he's okay.

So he's, are you sure he's smaller?

Is he holding an even more giant clipboard?

He's bigger than a bread box.

Okay.

You're going to have to be more specific.

No, I can see it.

He's bigger than a bread box.

Okay.

Cool.

Do you mean slightly bigger than a bread box?

Slightly bigger than a bread box.

Okay.

Now I'm saying.

In like a, like a small bathtub of like a hotel, he can lay fully flat.

Oh, okay.

So like even a New York hotel?

Interesting.

And then Chet, uh, cause we, so this is one of the rules.

Had he listened, you know, if Mr. Nordstrom is angry, you can hear it.

It sounds like, um, like a, uh, like a public bus lowering.

Oh, like a, so that you can hear his anger.

So almost like the steam coming off of his head or something.

His eyes get really big.

Mr. Nordstrom's eyes get really big and he lets his, he's a small guy though.

So how big can they get?

Is he like ET where his eyes are giant in order for you to empathize with him more?

You know that picture of Albert Einstein?

Oh yeah.

I love that.

That's the face.

The one with his tongue out.

I love it.

Does Mr. Nordstrom have his tongue out all the time?

Yes.

He was angry.

And so was Einstein angry on that poster?

He was freaking pissed.

Of course he was.

Had Chet known.

Dude was like, everybody, people don't know how freaking smart I am.

Why didn't I invent these?

I don't know if I did.

Whatever.

Here we go.

Tongue out.

Jordan.

Huh?

Jordan.

Did he say Jordan?

I think that's what he said.

Wow.

It was that.

So, all right.

So all the signs were there.

Chet just couldn't see.

He ignored them.

You have to get the fuck out of there.

So he says eggs for lunch.

I just want to get the timeline.

Yeah, he says eggs for lunch.

Eggs for lunch.

Sprint, sprint, sprint, sprint.

Sprint over there.

Okay.

When does he start singing?

He's farting the whole time.

Okay.

So at this point he should have been taking a whiff, saying good boy.

That is enveloping.

At this point, Chet has gotten up.

Chet is adjusting one of the t-shirts that says Little Bratty Tween with Horny Dad.

With Horny Dad?

These shirts are fucking kick ass.

T-shirts rule.

Chet is adjusting that t-shirt.

When all of a sudden Mr. Nordstrom- I just want to adjust it.

Well, you pull out the bottom skirt, you get it more aligned on the rack.

Someone's never worked retail, baby.

Mr. Nordstrom reaches under him as if to adjust his diaper or something.

As if to do this.

Armed through the legs, up and around.

It's almost like he's touching his balls.

Call back, baby.

Pulls the back of his pants down from underneath his legs.

So wait, he's- He puts his hands through the legs.

Okay, so he's facing him.

He's facing him.

I thought he was behind him.

No, he's facing him.

He's facing him, reaches under his legs.

He came from underneath the t-shirt.

He's pantsing him from an uppercut position.

He's pulling down.

I like this.

It's like when you say the tuck rule in football, but he's pulling someone's pants down underneath.

He pulls into him, so he pulls him in.

In.

Down to Mr. Nordstrom's level.

Mr. Nordstrom climbs on top of him.

He all of a sudden takes off his tie.

Mr. Nordstrom takes off his tie, ties it around his wrists.

This is like ninja moves.

I love this shit.

He pulls him through the junior's department.

Through the whole department.

Past the bell bottoms on the butt, which says, Naughty Little Dirty Girl.

Wow.

They use naughty and dirty a lot.

Naughty Little Dirty Girl on Daddy's Vacay with Daddy's My ATM.

These shirts are getting a little long.

He pulls him into the- They're in their pants.

They can go all the way down the legs.

Okay, so they pull him in.

They go all the way down the legs.

He pulls him in.

He said, listen to me sing now.

Gotcha.

Kicks him down the escalator.

Begins to sing.

As he's tumbling down the escalator.

Making my way downtown.

Walking fast.

Face is past.

Right.

Boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom.

And he's like the untouchables.

He's like almost going down in slow motion.

Yeah.

Boom, boom, boom.

At the top, does Nordstrom kick him off and say, this is Nordstrom.

Sort of like 300, the movie.

Kicks him down.

Did that happen?

That's a good question.

Did that happen?

No, he said, he said, don't you dare ever shop here again.

Wait, he was shopping there?

No, he was working there.

He was working, but he's, he's not only firing him and killing him, but banning him from the store.

Don't you dare ever shop here again.

Wow.

You need to get, I'm telling you, you need to get out of there.

She likes it though.

I mean, I don't want to just say what we heard off the record when the mics were off.

She is.

She makes me feel safe.

Oh, I guess she wants to.

I feel so good.

Does he wrap you in his arms and protect you from the world?

Yeah, he holds me.

He's small, but he holds me.

Right.

And you're very big, although deceptively big.

Exactly.

But the clipboard, you look like you're very fine.

I like to feel small.

Yeah.

And he's just slightly bigger than a bread box.

How big are these bread boxes though?

Are we talking a giant novelty bread box?

They're American, so they're American bread boxes.

American-sized regulation American bread box.

One thing we know about America is you guys love fat bread.

It's true.

It's like over in Britain, we're always like, why do they love fat bread so much?

Their bread, their sandwiches are like freaking whole dinner plates.

They are.

Well, thank you for giving us the rules.

So is he coming, Mr. Nordstrom?

Or has- So he might come.

He might come.

Okay, great.

So we'll be sure.

You better be ready.

I feel like I'm ready.

I think I know all the rules.

You should just tell him to not come.

There's plenty more I'm sure I forgot.

Oh, well that's uncomfortable.

Yeah.

That's huge.

There's so many papers on that clipboard.

Good luck.

Okay, well- If he comes in, I'm playing dead.

Just play possum.

I'm just going to lay on the ground.

Hey, wait a minute.

Possums.

Should they be involved in the Ninja Turtles movie?

Yes.

Fuck yes.

Tween possums.

Twin- twink possums.

Just add a K on that twin.

Gay possums.

I think we should add some twink gay possums.

We should add some more diversity in the turtles universe.

Definitely.

Tell you what, we need to take a break.

Oh, this is exciting.

When we come back, we have Griff Hedgley, the Diamond Guy.

The Diamond Guy?

The Diamond Guy will be here.

So many questions come to mind.

Stick around if you can, Sabrina and Sprague.

We'll be right back with more Comedy Bang Bang after this.

Comedy Bang Bang, we're back here with Sprague the Whisperer.

What's up, Scott?

You feel like you're coming down now.

I'm coming down.

My gloves have disintegrated.

Yeah, your gloves are totally off.

Well, you can only wear these things while you're like- well, when I was rolling, my hands were sweating, Scott.

That's right.

When I hear taking the gloves off, I feel like you're getting ready for a, you know, a- although I guess, wouldn't it be putting the gloves on, like to insinuate a boxing match?

I'm always confused by that, where it's like, we're taking the gloves off, we're gonna punch them, and it's like, put the gloves on!

No, put the gloves on!

Yeah!

The gloves are full!

Maybe the- well, I mean- That's what gloves are for!

Maybe I'm still rolling.

That's what gloves are for.

Maybe I'm still rolling, Scott.

We might still be.

We also have Sabrina, who's an assistant, and she was singing the entire break.

That's what friends are for.

Is Mr. Nordstrom coming, or- Okay, one more thing I forgot about Mr. Nordstrom.

Okay, if he is pretending to be a bear, you- I feel like I've met someone who pretended to be a bear for a while.

Knowing you, Scott, of course.

If he's pretending to be a bear, you must respond by saying, Mr. Bear, Mr. Bear, go away, Mr. Bear.

Go away, Mr. Bear, Mr. Bear, go away, Mr. Bear.

And if he responds by saying- Oh, shit.

If he says, any honey today?

Choose your own adventure book.

If he says, any honey today, good neighbor?

Good neighbor.

Shit.

You should say no.

And if he says, there better be honey- Spy code words or something.

There better be honey, little neighbor.

Okay.

Then what?

Run.

Run at that point.

He's coming for you.

And no or run are the two options.

If any of the words are different, it's all off if he doesn't say good neighbor.

Cancels.

Sort of a hey nong man.

Now let me ask you this.

Is this going to come up, the bear thing?

How often does that come up?

It happens pretty often.

Does he pretend by full costume or is he- He's just down on all fours.

He's down on all fours.

Okay.

That's how- A pretty small bear.

Yeah.

Like a bear cub, maybe.

Yeah.

Little baby bear.

And are we supposed to get him honey or is that not part of it?

It's just the verbal thing.

You should say, you should say no honey today.

No honey today.

Good neighbor.

Okay.

Writing this shit down.

You know, if you see him with the police badge, he's pretending to be the police.

So you don't know, you don't know anything about Chet's death.

Okay?

Okay.

Is he going to come promote something?

What does he do?

He just terrorizing people with his frigging rules?

This is not a good time for Nordstrom.

No one's really going into the stores.

I'm sorry.

No one's really walking in right now.

Yeah.

Not a lot of walk-in business.

I, you know, I can understand.

I mean, these clothes, so many people are trying them on, you know, and are you disinfecting the clothes at all?

No.

Not at all.

So, I mean, you can go try on a pair of pants and fart in them and then give them back to the Nordstrom person and they have to take it back.

Yeah.

Isn't that some bullshit?

Let's say that you shit on your little vest.

So, big, big, bad bitch with tiny, tiny daddy issues.

Issues?

Tiny, tiny, daddy issues.

Big, big, bad bitch with tiny, tiny, daddy issues.

So you've got four banger shirts.

Then if you shit on that vest, we still have to take it back.

We have to take it back.

Wow.

Well, it's fascinating hearing more about your retail business and I think we'll be talking to our next guest, possibly about his business.

Although, I don't even know if he's a businessman as much as maybe he's made of diamonds?

It's the Diamond Guy.

You don't know this guy?

Anything's possible.

Let's welcome him to the show for the first time.

Please welcome Griff Hedgley, the Diamond Guy.

Hey, everybody.

Thanks for having me.

Griff Hedgley, the Diamond Guy here.

You might recognize me from QVC and Scott.

It's the guy.

I'm gonna sell you some diamonds.

Oh, okay.

So you're from QVC?

Yeah, formerly QVC.

The Qwom Shop.

Now, what does QVC stand for?

Quality?

The Qwom?

Qwom Som Vehicle.

Popping shit work.

Correct.

The Qwom Som Vehicle.

So you sell diamonds on QVC?

I formerly sold diamonds on QVC.

No longer am I selling diamonds on air.

I was actually fired for smuggling in some illegal diamonds from Botswana.

Oh.

And now I am selling diamonds out of my garage in Boca Raton.

What is the address there?

Just so we know where- My address in Boca Raton?

Yeah, where all the diamonds are in the garage.

6-9-4-0-7-8 Willowbrook Street.

Okay, so any thieves out there, there's a garage filled with diamonds.

Or people looking to buy diamonds legally.

Yeah, could be.

Either one.

So you smuggled in blood diamonds?

Is that- Well, I don't like to call them blood diamonds.

I like to call them the best goddamn thing you could have on your fingers, Scott.

When I hear blood diamonds, I always think that it's gonna be a diamond with like- It's gonna be crimson or something.

Like a red diamond.

Like a red, awesome, rad diamond.

No, I believe they're talking about the death that is connected to the retrieval of said diamond.

Okay, yeah.

I was disappointed when I bought some.

So you're not happy with the diamonds you currently have, Scott?

I, no, I would like to, I guess I can't swap diamonds with you, but maybe purchase some new diamonds.

Look, I'm looking for hard cash.

You need some cash.

With society crumbling the way it is- I'm hurting, okay?

Yeah, I can only imagine.

You know, I've been working at the David Buster's Prize Counter ever since I got out of jail.

You have, really?

Yes, and- Not giving away diamonds, I hope.

No, but I am giving the same flair to the items that I'm giving these kids that I have the diamonds.

Take us through it.

What is that flair?

So you're coming up, how many tickets do you have?

I have 378.

I would love to show you this beautiful watch.

As you know, it's got some real hot characters on it.

The Looney Toots.

We got Taz and we got Bugs, and these boys are bad.

Hell yeah.

This watch was made in China by a small boy, and we're not gonna think about him, we're just gonna think about time.

A good time.

The time when you first learned how to ride a bike.

A childhood moment of freedom, Scott.

Something about this makes me want to call in for some reason.

Like I want to call in- Can you give your credit card information?

I want to call in and be like, hey, what's up- You can, do you want to call him?

Yeah, let's call in.

All right, here we go.

Oh, it looks like we got a caller.

Hey, caller, you're on the line with Griff Hengeley.

How do you love me?

Hey, Diamond Guy, how are you?

Good.

I'm doing good.

I bought the diamonds.

Great.

So I bought some diamonds for my sister.

Oh, wonderful.

What'd she think of them, sweetheart?

She loves them.

She loves the way they shine.

Oh, we're talking watches now.

It's okay.

I can go with the punches, I can lay with the sticks.

We're talking about the bad boys of the bugs-verse.

Taz, Bugs.

I love Bugs, I love Taz, of course.

And you know, Taz is great because he's not only an animal, he's a tornado.

He's a force of nature, but he's also a force of friendship.

This is great.

I loved it.

I love the deal.

You guys are so great.

Thank you so much.

Hey, thanks for calling in and don't forget, keep outshotted.

I will.

That doesn't really apply to the watches.

It's a great tagline.

Once you find something that works, you just kind of try and make it work for everything.

I guess you could polish the watch.

Let me give you 40 bucks for the watches.

Here you go.

$40, daddy could get some stuff.

You just made a sale.

I thought you only took tickets.

Well, at the David Busters.

Look, Scott, I'm hurting for cash.

I said he wasn't hurting for cash, I got 40 in the pocket.

I'll hand it to him.

We're not rich.

Oh yeah, of course I'm rich.

Scott, I see some pretty empty fingers over there, my bad.

Yeah, I mean, I'm not even wearing gloves.

I have empty bear fingers.

Can I interest you in something for my stars at the moonlight?

Oh, what line is that?

This is a crystal lattice diamond, 16 karat, and it is surrounded by miniature stars.

You are the moon and the stars are around it.

Wow, that's a beautiful piece.

Where did you get this?

This was actually forged under crystalline Italian steam.

Under steam?

Yes.

Wow.

I love this, Scott.

I feel like it's a good look for you.

Scott, this is going to make you feel like a cheetah.

Yeah, I mean, this is almost like brass knuckles where it covers four fingers.

Absolutely.

This is an incredible piece.

How much is this running you?

This is going to be four payments of $79.99.

That's it?

You do a payment system out of your garage?

Look, I can finance you, I can buy you a house, I can buy you a car.

So just $319.96?

Hey, you're the math guy.

I'm the diamond guy.

Griff, can I ask you a question?

Of course.

Is this how you win?

This is how I win.

Oh my God, he looks just like him.

That was insane.

That was crazy.

I'm going to let the sand man himself.

Hush-a-ba-da-do.

Did you say that too?

He's so much like the sand man, it's crazy.

This is incredible.

Do you do opera band too?

No, I do.

Into the sand man.

What a debating.

That's a fucking incredible opera band.

Look, I'm a shellman.

That's why I was on TV for so long.

You can't sell diamonds without a personality.

I don't even need to sell diamonds.

I can sell any bullshit you have here.

Yeah, sell anything that's on the table.

You can sell something on Nordstrom.

Yeah, sell some of these fart pants.

I was really looking forward for Mr. Nordstrom being here because as I said, I'm hurting for some cash.

I mean, they have a whole jewelry counter there.

Yes, we do.

Now, are you guys concerned about, I don't know, your diamonds being illegal?

Illegal?

Well, you know, I've never thought about it until you brought it up.

Normally I go to like Zales and stuff.

I'm a Zales guy.

So now that you bring it up, I'm thinking...

So you're a chump.

Oh, well, I don't want to be a chump.

Wow.

Jesus, I'm no one-pump chump.

You backed off.

I backed off.

Remember one-pump chump?

He called me a one-pump chump.

I'm not that.

You backed off like he smacked you in the nose.

I just got dissed hard, Scott.

Wow.

I never knew you were a coward.

Scott, I feel like I'm yellow.

In the cowardly way.

In the cowardly way, Scott.

Sprank, why don't I interest you in this beautiful diamond?

It's from my fire and ice line.

Ooh, that sounds like a good term.

You're going to be cooling off this crystal baguette diamond with some ruby sapphire rhinestones.

Slow down.

A baguette diamond?

Isn't that like a piece of bread?

It's in the shape of a baguette.

So it's long like that.

And this is fire and ice.

Is this related to George R.R. Martin at all?

Absolutely not.

Okay, good.

Yes, I'm not kind of related to that either.

So anyways, it looks like a piece of bread.

It looks like a piece of bread and that is your ice and you're trying to melt that ice with a rig of fire, baby.

So I'm baking bread.

You're going to feel like a cheetah.

A lot of these make me feel like a cheetah.

Yeah, really.

A cheetah in the sense of I can run fast or just a powerful, I guess not king of the jungle because that would be the lion, but a denizen of the jungle.

Yeah, he's sort of the like...

I guess if I had to expound the analogy, you're going to be sad if you're locked in a cage.

Oh, okay.

That makes sense.

I wouldn't be.

Does Mr. Nordstrom lock you in a cage?

I would be fine with it.

I've got to say I'm worried about you.

No, I'm fine.

This is like a weird Fifty Shades of Grey type relationship.

I love it.

I'm fine.

Mr. Nordstrom actually does wear a lot of diamonds.

I would love to get his business information.

Maybe he could add me on LinkedIn.

He has several businesses all around the world.

That's his information.

His business information.

You just walk into any Nordstrom, you say, I'd like to speak to Mr. Nordstrom.

And he'll be there?

He'll be there.

He'll be there eventually.

You got a few...

You will be there, but you might not be for long if you don't let him...

If you don't whiff his farts or something.

Yeah, just make sure you see him on ground floor level.

Okay.

I'll take a tumble for a sale.

All right?

Oh, yeah.

Griff Hensley is not below taking a kick in the ass to make some dough.

What's the craziest thing you've ever done for a sale, Hensley?

Listen...

You're calling him Hensley like you're his boss.

I appreciate that.

Like it's how to succeed in business without really trying or something.

Well, we're talking business.

Listen up, Hensley.

As soon as you start talking business, I get into business mode.

Yeah, all right.

All right, Hensley.

What do we got?

I'm not going shock tank right now.

One of the craziest things...

Well, as you guys know, I did invent holding a diamond with a set of tweezers on air.

I was the first person to do that.

You did?

You were the first guy to do that?

Yes.

Incredible.

I was trying to get my arm to look a little beefy.

Right, yeah.

So I injected it with some scorpion.

Great call.

I really wanted the vades to hop.

Holding tweezers makes your arm look huge.

Yes, yes.

And I really wanted to be beefy because with strength comes sales.

Right, yeah.

So I injected the scorpion venom and, needless to say, I grew a bit of a stinger.

On your tail?

Where my tail would be, on my coccyx.

On your coccyx, you have a scorpion stinger?

I did.

You did?

For a second, I thought you were talking about your dick.

Hey, listen, if we want to talk about my dick, we need more time.

I don't know.

We could extend the show.

We could go into overtime.

Listen, what else are we doing?

Let's talk about this guy's dick.

Mr. Nordstrom calls his dick his stinger.

We're all just cooped up in our houses.

He does, really?

Yeah.

Okay, but that's on his front?

Yes.

This was on your coccyx.

This was on your back?

This was on my back.

Now I know.

Did you sting anyone with it?

I was stinging everybody.

But do you know what I was stinging?

The sense of confidence and needing more of it.

Okay, so metaphorically, you were stinging people.

Yes.

Did you physically sting anyone?

It was too small.

It was pretty disappointing.

Pretty disappointing to go through a major mutation and have it be the lead void.

We got to remember that for our script, by the way.

These major mutations.

It's huge because what would be fun is if one of them had a small arm or something.

Yeah.

You never thought about that.

You never thought about when you just mutated.

Didn't it all work out as planned?

Like just one arm is just shrively.

Yes.

Yeah, yeah.

And then here's the thing.

By the end of the movie, he learns to deal with it.

It's not a little hindrance anymore.

Yeah.

He's no longer handicapped.

He's handicapable.

It's what makes him beautiful.

This isn't...

Scott, you're fucking on fire.

I think maybe just we're...

I think we might need an assistant and I want to get our friend here out of this situation they're in.

And you're talking about Sabrina or are you talking about the diamond guy?

Oh, I'm talking about Hedgely, of course.

You're talking to Hedgely.

All right, Hedgely, we want to hire you to be an assistant.

This guy's searching for cash.

We pay cash to be assistant.

We're not going to pay that much.

But you can take notes for us.

I'm happy to take the job as long as you can deal with my rock and roll attitude.

Okay?

We're going to have to talk about that.

Let's talk about this.

Let's slow down.

Can you deal with his rock and roll attitude?

Well, we'll have to see because if he's rude and...

If he's lewd and rude...

You know he's going to be crude.

Do you think he might have a toot?

I think he might and a bad one too, not a good one.

All right, Scott, we're going to have to...

We're going to have to...

We'll put a clause.

We'll put a toot clause in his assistant's culture.

Yeah.

Toot clause, by the way.

Maybe the turtles have that.

Toot clause.

So it's they're not turtled, they're toothed.

Yeah.

The toot clause, like the Santa Claus.

Turtles for the toot clause.

Yes.

Can I ask you guys a quick question?

Huh?

Whoa!

Sorry.

We were in the middle of a riff.

You scared us.

You can't walk up on two guys in the middle of a riff.

You'll kill us.

That should be our rules.

We're going to have several norts from like...

Yeah, we'll have...

If we're riffing...

And I'm ready to follow them.

Sorry.

I just had a quick question.

Yes.

I'm going to have to go through all this shit.

Oh, this might be a problem for the job.

What's a turtle?

Yes.

Is this something that you have learned in the past and you forget all the time where we would have to constantly reiterate or can you learn something once and retain it?

Yeah, I can learn something once.

Could we solve this?

I feel like I've never heard that word before.

You've never heard the word turtle before?

Turtle.

I can tell you what it is.

Yes, please.

It's a smaller thing, smaller than a bread box.

Okay.

Smaller than a bread box.

I'm seeing it.

It's got little paws and a big fluffy tail.

Little, tiny little ears.

And it loves to eat little nuts.

You might be describing like a...

Up and down the tree.

Flying some treated tree.

Shipmonkers.

It's a fun game.

It's brown.

Describing Chippendale, the bad boys of the Disney cartooniverse.

I totally get it.

Okay, so you know what it is.

So you know what it is.

He mutated and turned into a teenager.

Sounds like somebody I party with.

Now I sort of like his rock and roll attitude.

Can I ask you this?

So you got fired from QVC, why?

Because I was smuggling it illegal.

No, QVC is just the entirety of it.

It's not QVC, why?

QVC, oh, I thought it was QVC, why?

So you got fired from QVC.

Correct.

For smuggling.

Did you go to jail for that?

Yeah, I went to jail.

I did some hard time.

Hard time?

Yeah.

Is this like a hard premise?

It's exactly like a hard premise.

It's the hardest thing you're ever going to deal with.

How much time did you do?

You do a dime?

I did, I was sentenced to five years.

I served 2.25.

Whoa.

I got out on good behavior.

Two and a quarter?

Yeah, two and three months.

Were there any ninjas in prison?

I always wonder because they'd be a fun ninja prison.

Pringas.

The only thing I can tell you about prison is that it's full of bad, bad men.

Wow, your eyes crossed when you said that.

He said bad men in a way that freaked me out.

Yeah, I mean, you, yeah, who were you put in there with?

Yeah, you seem like a pretty bad guy.

You've got a gun in your waist here.

You put some blood on your knuckles.

Bad boys in a cage getting ready to be even better.

You're liking this.

I think you do well at prison.

You got that edge.

You do well imprisoned.

Not in prison, imprisoned.

Imprisoned.

Scott, you've got to have a girl power episode with this one and maybe the truck girl because both of them need to sort of, they need to sort of gain some self-esteem.

I'm worried about them, Scott.

Yeah, definitely.

I'm in here.

It's a new young girl who's talking about, I want to be kidnapped.

Who small penises and stuff.

These people in prison, Hedgely, they're bad.

They're like Taz and Bugs.

They're bad men.

Yeah.

How bad?

What are we talking about?

I'm talking drug smugglers.

Well you're a smuggler.

You're a smuggler.

Drug what?

Tokers.

It's all right.

I think we should- Drug jokers.

Drug jokers.

Midnight smokers.

What about midnight?

Really?

Wow.

He's like a meth out Heath Ledger.

Absolutely.

He's kind of like, hey man, you want to know I got these cars?

Man, what's up?

Hey man, I suck your dick.

Is that a drugs joker?

It might be.

You ever get that app where you could- I'm a joker.

I'm a smoker.

I'm a midnight.

Thank you.

Yes.

When you start singing, I'm not sure what the rules are.

I'm just observing Nordstrom rules.

I'm like, let us sing.

Yeah.

Are you worried about Nordstrom coming here?

You want him to come here.

I want to make money.

Yeah.

That's what I bid to.

Making cash.

Do you have any of your savings left?

You have a diamond- I have plenty of diamonds.

Yeah.

You have a diamond filled garage.

I have cash pour right now.

I almost said diamond encrusted garage.

It's not encrusted with diamonds.

No, I wish.

I would just stay there and sell the hope.

I mean, come on, Scott.

You had a hope made of diamonds.

Why don't you put your diamonds on the home and sell that?

Yeah, plaster them on the wall and if someone wants to buy one, chip it off, it'll be like a fun cave experience.

It's like, come chip your own diamonds off my garage.

Yes.

There's a sick twisted part of me that loves the thrill of a sale.

You put all the diamonds in one place, that's one sale.

You get 50 diamonds in a case.

I gotta say.

Do you say sale or zale?

Zales.

They're called zales.

That's one zale.

If you sell a diamond- Put all the diamonds in one place, that's one zale.

Yeah.

If you sell a diamond, it's called a zale.

There's one zale is a bunch of diamonds.

I call it my azalea banks.

That's where I keep all my diamonds.

Ah, yes.

It's a bank.

Okay.

Now, I can't buy any diamonds from you because I'm rich, but fuck diamonds.

Who cares?

I'm all about stocks and bonds.

Fuck you, man.

You must be doing very well.

Yes, right now, all my stocks are- Hold on.

Let me look at my stocks and bonds.

Oh, you haven't looked at them in that long.

Couple weeks.

I'm going to give you guys a hot figure of how much money I have in the stock market.

Yeah, how rich are you right now?

Here we go.

I want to hear.

Fidelity account.

Here we go.

Yep, yep, yep.

This is more minority report stuff.

Yep, yep, yep.

Show me fidelity account.

Enhance.

Enhancing.

Enhance.

Enhancing.

Turn red.

Red.

All right.

Here we go.

Oh, God.

Are you still rich?

You have $13 and 45 cents.

Shut up, shut up, shut up.

Okay, Scott.

So this Ninja Turtles thing is going to have to happen pretty quick.

Pretty quick?

Are you going to be able to pay me?

I'll be honest, Scott.

We're going to have to have a talk-off here.

Yeah.

Speaking of diamonds, I feel like this project is being on ice at this point.

Oh, no.

It's a good joke.

Write it down.

We'll put it in the movie.

I'll put it in the movie.

Don't worry.

Yeah, this project's on ice.

Shit, I'm fucking screwed.

Yeah.

So everything you owned was in stocks and bonds?

Well, look, Scott.

The S&P tanked.

I also had a large, large investment in the NBA.

Oh, no.

Did you buy a team?

I bought the Los Angeles Clippers from Nikki Dolez.

Oh, no.

She's the New York guy.

I bought the Clippers team.

I also invested...

I did a put option on hand sanitizer, meaning I thought hand sanitizer was going to go down in the stock market.

Oh, no.

So I freaking blew it.

You are broke.

But you know what?

This new, eternal thing is going to save me, Scott.

I've got this IP.

This can't be taken by the government.

Did you buy the IP before everything?

Oh, yes, Scott.

Cash money.

So you paid top dollar for it.

I paid top dollar for that IP.

How many diamonds would that be?

Well, that's a good question.

Probably how much do these diamonds cost?

Well, all of these diamonds are about four payments of $79.99.

So a lot more than that.

Give or take, you know, there's a plus or minus 10, 15 on each side.

I paid $100 million for this binder.

$100 million dollars?

Well, it's the turtles, Scott.

It's the holy ninja girl.

I didn't think I realized you had that much money.

Yeah, I do.

I'm very frigging rich.

I mean, maybe not anymore.

But I mean, they bought Marvel for a billion.

That's like you bought one tenth of Marvel for just the turtles?

The money's in the toys, Scott.

Get with the program.

Yeah, OK.

I guess you're right.

Have you ever thought about fitting those toys with some high class illegally smuggled diamonds?

You know, when I was a kid, I did used to think if you broke open one of those toys, you could find diamonds and stuff.

I mean, what are they keeping in the shell anyway?

That was a pretty weird kid.

Rich toys.

Literally the Ninja Turtles toy.

There was this Leonardo that could do a backflip.

And I used to think, you have diamonds in there?

I used to think it's really hard to rip this thing open.

I bet there's frigging diamonds in here.

You must be so excited to talk to Hedgley over here.

Well, I was so pumped, but now I'm freaking unbroken.

I can't buy any frigging diamonds.

What do you think about companies like Diamonds International, which are selling, you know, on cruise ships, for example, or in different ports?

See, I think they're a bunch of cucks.

You think they're cucks?

Yeah, because they're not in it for the sale.

If you're on a cruise ship, right, which should be party central, you should be snorkeling back cocaine if you're on a cruise ship.

Let me see how my cruise ship investment's going.

Oh, shit.

Oh, no.

You owe the cruise ships $657.

Um, alright, this'll be cool.

When you buy stocks, you owe them money?

Sometimes you do.

Oh, no.

So when you're on a ship, though, you want to be partying.

You want to be partying.

You want to be getting, you want to be doing more drugs than there is food at the store, Scott.

Exactly.

See, that's interesting because Mr. Nordstrom and I, we like to go to the seminars.

We like to sit in the stadiums and listen to the seminars.

You like to get just paraded with information?

Yes.

And you feel, why do you do that?

Is it more enlightening?

You feel like you're walking away being a smarter person?

Yeah, educated.

That's great.

Are you in love with Mr. Nordstrom?

No.

Okay.

You're nodding your head when you said that.

It feels like a physical town.

You said no, but you're nodding your head two thumbs up.

Emphatically, yeah.

You're pointing at your thumbs.

You're almost trying to say who has two thumbs and loves Mr.

Nordstrom, this woman.

You're mouthing it over and over again.

We see it.

I guess you do love him.

I mean, if this t-shirt has anything to do with it.

What does that t-shirt say?

What does this t-shirt say?

It says, I guess I want to fuck my daddy, but my daddy also has all the money.

Wait a minute.

Is that Mr. Nordstrom?

Yes.

Okay.

This is huge for me.

This is huge for you.

All right.

You guys, it's my step-daddy, so it doesn't matter.

We've crossed over into step-daddy.

This is fucked, Scott.

First of all- Content.

Yeah, we can't be talking about all this at the same episode of a family friendly ninja tournament.

I had a moment in time where I was really into my aunt's son.

Okay.

So your cousin.

My aunt's son.

Yeah, your cousin.

And since then, I got over it and this job has really helped me.

But 2020 is supposed to be my year.

I think incest is great.

That's what hindsight is.

No, no.

I think it's great.

What's that?

I think it's natural and I think it's healthy.

No judgment.

This rock star shit has to stop right now.

You're rock and roll attitude.

This dude's fucking jamming over here on a rock star guitar.

Your rock and roll attitude does not extend to incest.

I'm sorry.

Look, I'll change my tune into anything if it means a sale.

I want you to know you're normal.

You're not a freak.

Thank you.

And I actually do the same things you do.

Oh my God.

Do you have four payments of $79.95 by the way?

Absolutely.

Yeah.

Happy to hand it over.

I would love for you to give this diamond from the Under the Sea line.

It's a blue azulia diamond wrapped with some green rubies.

Azulia.

To look like kelp.

Wow.

These are made by six year old boys.

These are not only...

I hate the ages of these.

I love the ages.

I want them to be younger.

No, that bums me out.

Are there any younger ones?

Any younger kids making these?

How young do you want to go?

As young as when they have motor skills.

I've got some off marked diamonds.

There's a couple scuffs on the cuts on the inside.

That's mostly because they are being handled by toddlers who are using a giant machine.

Hell yeah.

I'm into that.

But those are actually, they're pro rated.

I feel like you're selling diamonds that are like wrapped in stuff and there's a lot of other bullshit.

It's like people just want diamonds or rings.

Just give me like a bag full of diamonds.

Just give me a bag full of diamonds.

Like a lunch sack full of diamonds.

How much is that?

It's going to be 40 payments of $79.99.

Alright, that's reasonable.

I could probably do that.

Yeah.

monthly payments or yearly.

Scott, how much diamonds do you want?

That's what I mean.

I just want like...

You want a kilo of diamonds?

Yeah, a kilo.

Give me a kilo.

You buy me a plane ticket to Botswana and get enough condoms to stick up my ass, I will get you the kilo.

How many condoms would that be?

Four.

I got to get the condoms.

So wait, you can't get the condoms?

Are you banned from the condom place?

Look, I don't like to touch a rubber.

Oh, okay.

Well, that's, well, you're going to have to put them in your butt.

So I guess...

I guess someone else could put them up as well.

That's true.

Yeah, someone in Botswana.

Yeah, maybe a small five year old child.

No, you know what?

Scott, they have small hands.

Ninja Turtles is a family brand.

We're not associated with...

Same with Nordstrom.

Okay, yes.

We're out.

Sorry to make this like Shark Tank, but we're out.

I'm sorry, but that's a no from me, though.

I thought you guys partied.

I thought you guys were rock and roll.

A little pitchy.

It's a little pitchy.

Look, we do want to rock and roll, but we can't.

We definitely want the turtles to have rock and roll attitudes, certainly.

Oh yeah, they're going to say cowabunga.

We have to be on time.

We have to be responsible with the IP.

Yes.

We're businessmen.

Yeah, sorry.

You do know that I have a gun.

Is that what you've been hitting my knee with under the table this whole time?

Well, you said that, yes.

That's what I've been slightly tapped on.

Or you've been paying him to feel your balls.

Well, I thought maybe this was like a fun flirt under the table.

But what it is is that you're holding a gun to my balls?

Why can't it be both?

I don't know, man.

This isn't really my thing.

I don't know.

This might be her thing.

Maybe not mine.

I don't know about, like, just to be on, like, help you out here, but for you guys, like, the diamonds, like, men wearing diamonds.

Just say what you mean.

Men wearing diamonds is hot.

Okay.

Men wearing lots of rings.

Like rings and chains and stuff like that?

What about a pendant?

I love a good pendant.

I love, like, a chain.

Any lots of necklaces.

What about like a diamond cross?

Yeah, hell yeah.

Like I'm in the Fast and Furious franchise, RIP.

Well, it's all about family.

Yeah.

Anything where you're wearing more jewelry than me is a good thing.

So you're like very into, like, Slick Rick or like Cameron the Rapper or something.

Right.

I like the look where someone is wearing, like, grubby clothes, like a wife beater t-shirt, and then a lot of expensive jewelry.

Yeah, I like that too.

Because they're cheap and the jewelry is expensive.

I also like the opposite.

I like super expensive clothes, but then you're wearing like a booger shell necklace.

So like, what are the most expensive clothes to you?

Well, it's like gold shorts.

Like gold booty shorts?

Gold booty shorts.

But made out of gold.

They're woven with gold, of course, and then you're wearing like a friendship bracelet your friend made in camp.

Did you watch Love is Blind?

You're damn right I did.

You're damn right.

You know those hemp necklaces that they wear when they're on the beach?

Oh yeah.

Those are actually the microphones.

Yeah.

Did I steal your scoop?

Well, no, it wasn't the scoop.

It's just that I like them to be thick like that.

I like a thick necklace like that.

You like a thick thing like it's a microphone, like you're on Love is Blind.

Yeah.

And being surreptitiously recorded.

I want to say one thing about Love is Blind.

Shout out to the guy in the first episode who just goes, I'm a virgin, and then it's never in the show again.

It's never seen before.

Although I will say Love is Blind scoop, there were two or three couples that got engaged that they didn't have enough cameras to follow.

Because they only thought two people would get engaged.

So they were like, sorry guys, you're not part of it anymore.

And they didn't get to go to Mexico.

Isn't that fucked?

Did they still get married?

So who knows?

That's the show.

This is the show.

Maybe let's get them involved in this Ninja Turtles movie.

Okay, let's see.

Maybe there's an April O'Neil in there.

This is good.

We sell this thing to Netflix.

Love is Blind, the movie, but it's Ninja Turtles.

They're definitely non-union, all those people.

You're damn right.

Nobody's getting paid.

Yeah, none of us.

None of us will be union.

This will be great.

Scott, isn't it crazy that, here's a hot take, isn't it crazy that shows like Love is Blind and The Circle came out?

Now we're living that reality.

Yeah, we are.

No one's ever said that on Twitter.

It's like aliens, you know?

Aliens are real and they've been slowly implementing data to the masses so we can get used to it when they finally come.

So while we've been talking, you've been sniffing cocaine over there.

Yeah, I don't know.

I am snorkeling bags of coke.

There's a lot of coke on your face.

Jesus Christ.

How do you do that?

You have a snorkel.

You've snorkeled up what looks like an ounce of cocaine.

Tell me I'm a cheater.

I guess you're a cheater.

You're a cheater.

Please don't pounce on us.

All right, look, we're running out of time.

Scott, I'm running out of patience.

Yeah, we just have one final feature on the show and that's a little something called Plugs.

My name is Scott and I host comedy bag day.

We've got a lot of fun.

Love the approximately five seconds of silence before it started.

I loved it.

I'm the one who used to do jukebox jury.

Oh yeah, that was fun.

I'm taking over, although I believe Jonesy still does it over on his new station.

I don't know where he is now.

K LOS or something.

We'll have to look that up after pod.

We've got plenty of time to hang.

Plenty of time.

Um, all right.

That was cell intent by Jordan and her boys.

Thank you to Jordan.

That sounds awesome.

Jordan and her boys.

Wait, having boys?

Yes.

The rock and roll attitude or the just having boys partner?

Jordan and her little baby bad boys.

Oh no, I don't know about this.

With their dirty daddies.

All right.

She's a sex freak.

I'm finding her.

I'm just plugging in here.

This is just with shirt content.

This is okay.

Sure.

Got it.

Uh, Sprague, what do you plug?

Well, of course the turtles movie might be coming out a couple of years.

We're working on that.

And of course, you know, I represent this other, this young gentleman is named Sean distant writer.

He's a hot writer.

He's good.

And you know, I heard he's probably not going to be working for a little while.

So just want to know, I hope he has savings.

Uh, yeah, we all do, but I just want to plug his Venmo.

Please help do this struggling right now.

No dude.

Isn't he?

He look the last thing he wrote for who knows if that even comes out, you know what I mean?

Oh shit.

So yeah, yeah.

It was just a show called Robbie companies that didn't like it.

So we might have to cut that now.

Yes, of course.

Please go to my Venmo at Sean distant.

Give me like $1.

Just fucking help me.

I I've, I've got no food.

My gloves disintegrated.

This is me.

This is my French.

This is your French on.

Yes.

But the dude's struggling.

I'm like, wow, terrible.

All right.

Sabrina, what are we plugging?

I would like to plug Lily Sullivan.

She's the Nordstrom addict.

Oh really?

Okay.

She doesn't she have this weird ass Twitter handle?

It's like hard to understand.

No, it's very easy to understand.

Oh, it is?

Oh, it's easy.

It's not complicated or weird at all.

What exactly is it?

At.

At, but we're pretty good on it.

Yeah.

I'm good with the at.

That's how most Twitter handles start.

Lily.

Okay.

Lily.

Y I L Y.

Lily.

So it's then Lily backwards, right?

No, that's okay.

That would make sense.

It's not palindromic.

Let me think about this.

Lily Y I L Y.

Lily, Lily, Lily.

She's never going to change it.

So everybody just better get fucking used to it.

Was Lily Sullivan not available at the time?

Lily Sullivan is a famous Australian actress.

Oh, right.

She's verified.

So then what does Lily Sullivan use on her IMDB like professionally?

She uses Lily Sullivan.

Oh, because she got, she got registered in SAG, but this other Lily Sullivan is much more successful, has worked with like Daniel Radcliffe and who else?

You know, Tony Kollar.

That Corona Carrier?

That sucks.

That guy's got Corona.

Sometimes she takes American Lily Sullivan's credits because people think that that she's a credit stealer.

She takes her credits because people don't realize that Lily Sullivan, what happens?

Do you contact IMDB or something?

Oh, this is pretty pathetic.

When you put them side by side, she's much more beautiful than the American Lily.

Really?

How do you judge that?

She's a full model.

So symmetrical face, tall, thin, big boobs or big butt?

What are we like, what are we talking?

Big boobs, big butt?

I gotta know what her body looks like.

Sorry I've been quiet so long.

Well, he's doing so much coke over there.

I was vibrating from the cocaine.

His rock and roll attitude suddenly perked him up.

She's got a good body.

Better than American Lily Sullivan's bod and also just like overall lots more followers.

So actually maybe just follow her.

Okay, sure.

She's Lily Sullivan.

That I can figure out.

Blue check mark.

And if I want to, I'll follow at Lily, Y.

Y-L-L-E-L-I-L-U.

At Lily-L-E.

It'll be tagged anyway.

I don't understand why I have to even say it.

Oh, it would be tagged.

Okay.

So everybody needs to just like.

At Lily-Lily would be fun.

Double Lily.

You're going to have nothing else going on at home.

It won't be left.

Nothing but time to search for this voice.

To figure this out.

Okay, I'll write you down.

I'll make a song.

All right, Hedgely, your time to shine.

Yeah, who wouldn't we plug in?

Well, I've got an illegitimate son named Jacob Wysocki.

You can follow him on Twitter.

Why is he illegitimate?

He's actually not my scene.

He's the scene of my best friend Slade Dean.

So he's somehow your son though.

I don't understand.

Well, Slade's out of the picture.

Oh, okay.

Slade's out of the picture.

Slade?

Yeah, Slade Dean.

I love that.

He's my audio co-host who's currently no longer with us.

Oh, sorry.

So I'm taking care of his boy, Jacob Wysocki.

You can follow him on all the socials.

And you can also listen to his podcast called I Don't Want to Talk About Fight Club Anymore, a podcast where he watches Fight Club for 72 hours straight.

Oh, and recorded during the watching of or afterwards?

Correct.

You're following him on the journey.

Are you listening to Fight Club in the background, much like a DVD commentary or is that totally silent and you're just hearing Jacob speak?

There are two episodes.

That is a watch-a-log.

You have the first viewing and the last viewing where you could watch the movie along with Jacob.

And the rest is just him hanging out with his buddies discussing the movie while it's on or while they've actually watched it.

Okay, interesting.

I love this idea.

Could we get some ninjas in it?

Yeah.

Some ninjas could be in it.

They could burst in through the windows, like crash in and just start chopping up everyone or something.

And they'll say, Fight Club?

Fight me.

Okay, leave the dialogue to me.

I would love to do that.

That's why you're here, Scott.

I'm not a dialogue guy.

You're a hard, hard-premise guy.

Hard-premise guy.

Yeah.

All right, that sounds good.

What do I want to plug?

Okay, look, while you're at home, why don't you turn on Netflix, watch every episode of Comedy Bang Bang, all 110 of them.

That's a good binge.

That Jacob guy was on one of them, was he not?

Yes, I was.

That's a good binge.

Or he was.

Yes.

Gotta go.

Also watch Between Two Ferns, the movie, and watch the Michael Bolton Valentine's Day, Big Sexy Valentine's Day special.

Pretend it's Valentine's Day.

Yeah, just watch all three of those things in a row and that'll take you all the way through whatever is going on with you.

And stay home and don't touch each other.

Yes.

Keep on shining.

All right, let's close up the old plug bag.

You start with a C when you want to close it up.

You lead with an L and then you oh.

Oh.

Bring up the plug bag.

Open up the plug bag.

Take your hand and open it up.

Then Horatio comes in and he just says, open up the plug bag.

Open up the plug bag.

Everybody wants to open up the plug bag.

Just keep it fucking open up the plug.

Open up the plug.

Open up the plug bag.

Open it up.

All right, that was the Dharma Initiative remix.

We haven't heard that one.

Oh, I like that.

It sounds like a theme song to a TV show.

Yeah, it does, doesn't it?

Guys, I want to thank you so much.

First of all, Hedgley, so good to meet you.

I'm sorry that we couldn't work together.

But you know, I mean, you said your address out there.

If anyone out there wants to get some diamonds, you're out there.

You have tons.

I have tons.

I am the diamond guy.

I'm going to make you look beautiful and I'm going to make you feel even better.

That's right.

Just bring the first of four payments, right?

Hey.

Along with you.

Honestly, I'll float you for a minute.

I just love to sail.

This is how he wins.

He loves to sail.

Sabrina, so great to see you.

Thank you.

Mr. Nordstrom coming?

We don't know.

We don't know yet.

Well, the show's just about to end.

He is in quarantine.

He's in quarantine?

Yes.

Maybe he shouldn't leave then.

But he should be coming.

Oh, he is coming?

Look, the show's going to end in 60 seconds.

If he doesn't get here before.

We'll see.

You'll know when he's coming.

You'll smell it.

The hot dog.

Does he walk in reverse?

He runs.

He sprints.

He does.

He's pretty small.

He sprints and he rolls.

Yeah.

Sprague, speaking of rolling.

I'm frigging coming down, Scotty.

I got an important text.

What's that?

I've secured the artist for the song, Scotty.

The theme song to the movie?

Of course, we know the iconic Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles song.

Who did that one?

I don't know it.

I think it was MC Hammer.

And then Vanilla Ice in the second one.

Everyone knows this.

It's part of our lives.

Right.

We got Billy Eichner, Scotty.

I thought you were going to say Billy Eichner.

I was excited.

No, he's going to...

You had me at Billy Eye and then you made a left turn into Lish.

No, Billy Eichner's going to be like 7th or 8th on the call sheet.

He's the funny news guy.

Get him involved.

He's going to shout at the Turtles.

It's going to be great.

He's going to shout.

It's New York.

He's on the street.

He's going to be like, I'm not going to do an impression.

Sure.

That would be culturally insensitive.

That would be insane.

It'd almost be like a white guy doing his tea.

Funny.

It'd be hilarious.

Now, Scotty, we got Billy Eichner.

He's going to be singing the song.

I'm very excited.

It's going to be an emo version of the song.

You remember the song, Scotty.

I don't remember the song.

Could you?

It's very simple.

It's the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles to this melody.

Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles.

Heroes in a half shell.

Turtle power.

Now Billy Eilish is going to do it.

Wow.

How is she going to do it?

Wait.

Hold on.

She's coming in.

I'm a bear.

Can I have some honey?

Good neighbor.

Mr. Nordstrom.

Mr. Nordstrom, you guys, everybody stay calm.

Don't look at him in the eye.

I'm a bear.

Do not look at him in the eye.

We do not have no honey.

Good neighbor.

Good neighbor, sir.

There is no honey.

There is no honey here, good neighbor.

I'm going to play dead.

I'm laying on the ground.

There's no honey.

This wasn't on the script.

We have no honey here, good neighbor.

Then I'm sorry to barge him.

Oh.

We're safe.

He is okay.

He backed away.

Oh my God, do you smell that?

It smells like freaking honey.

So you know what you do now.

You're a good boy.

Good boy.

Thank you.

Good boy.

You're a good boy.

Good boy.

Thank you.

Good boy.

Thank you so much.

That was a good joke.

Was that a joke?

You're all fired.

Okay, I'll take it.

Please just don't fucking kill me.

If you haven't died, that's the biggest thing.

Just don't fucking kill me down this elevator.

Why did we record right next to an escalator?

This was a bad idea Scott.

I'm getting too old for this shit.

Wait, you've got to say the line from 300.

This is Nordstrom.

See you next time.

Thanks, bye.

I'm getting too old for this shit.

Wait, you've got to say the line from 300.

This is Nordstrom.

See you next time.

Thanks, bye.

Heroes.

you Thank you.
