---
layout: page
title: 647. Paul F. Tompkins, Nicole Parker, Ryan Gaul [https：⧸⧸cloudfront.wolfpub.io⧸CBB-647-20200326-PFTParkerGaul-RCv01-PW.mp3].mp3.wav
category: cbb 
---

♪ Ass, gas, or degrasse, no one writes for free, Neil.

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

Uh, thank you to Orange Juice Simpson.

Oh, what an interesting name.

Orange Juice Simpson.

I believe that is different than the Orenthal James Simpson.

That's someone very, very different.

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang for another week.

This is Scott Aukerman, I'm your host, and another strange week in America.

But we are still broadcasting.

Of course we are America's podcast.

We cannot drop the ball here on You America.

Wonderful show coming up.

A little later we have a couple of podcast hosts.

Wow!

So when America shuts down, this is the kind of guest we get as podcast hosts.

Okay.

I'll take it. I'll take anyone at this point.

Anyone who's willing to call in from their undisclosed locations.

By the way, I'm here in the bunker.

And I'm actually here in Mark Barron's old garage is where I'm broadcasting from.

I bought his house as a fuck you.

I've just like defecated throughout the entire garage.

So that's where I'm broadcasting from.

And we also have a food critic.

Well, that's okay.

At a time where we can't go out and sample any of this food, it's great to be getting some criticism of an industry that is about to shut down completely.

My name is Scott Aukerman.

Did I tell you that? Yes, of course.

And this is Comedy Bang Bang, of course.

We're going to be business as usual, by the way.

Putting out episodes unimpeded as long as I have breath within my body and even maybe breath outside of my body.

I might steal someone else's breath like a breath stealer.

We will be putting out episodes, so don't worry about that.

We're here to entertain America, being America's podcast.

But speaking of podcasts, let's talk to two people who are not hosts of America's podcast.

They are hosts of their own podcast, which I'm sure it originates from America.

I don't really know too much about them.

It does originate from America.

If I may, I want to put your fears at rest.

It does originate from America.

I don't know that I was afraid.

Right here.

You might even say the heartland, really.

Sorry, are we not supposed to talk yet?

We've never been on someone else's podcast.

We're usually in charge.

Exactly.

This is new for us.

I don't know that I was afraid you weren't from America, as much as curious.

But you sounded a little afraid.

You did.

And to be honest, a little judgmental that we weren't celebrities.

I would say that in our own little town, Dignity Falls, we're celebrities of a kind in our own right.

I was judgmental about that, yes.

Yes, you were.

You're right.

That came through.

Where is Dignity Falls?

It's in America.

Thank you.

The heartland, if you will.

When you say the heartland, and I'll introduce you in a second, are you talking the dead center of America?

Where are we talking?

Some people may consider it the heartland.

Other people think that the heart of America resides in different places.

We never can agree.

No, it's either in the heart of the country, or it's in a shooting star, or it's in the smile of a baby.

I have not seen too many babies since we've been on lockdown.

So have you guys been seeing babies?

And I'll introduce you in a second.

Don't worry about that.

I certainly see a lot.

From my apartment window, I can see it's a veritable parade of babies.

I see a lot of people taking their kids out in strollers and some people have those leashes.

Although they're more toddlers, I guess, than babies.

But yeah, a lot of small children, a lot of small children on my block.

So in the rear window view of your apartment, basically like you're Jimmy Stewart looking out across the apartment.

That's right.

I see a ballet dancer.

I see someone practicing the piano.

That's a very good description of what Burns' life is like at home.

Very much rear window.

He's always, he always, quite honestly, every week we check in, he thinks there's been a murder somewhere.

Really?

To be fair, Joan, there has been a murder somewhere.

Well, there is a murder every single day, I would say.

I know.

But what I mean is from your purview, from your actual little window in the world, you gave a very convincing.

From my bailiwick.

Yes, exactly.

From your, from your jurisdiction, that is Jermaine.

Clement.

Yes.

That is your majesty Jackson.

Of course.

I am quarantined with a baby, which happened totally by accident.

Really?

So do you have a baby or are you?

Am I?

No, I have three big babies.

I have twin, twin boys.

I have a daughter named July who's a teenager and she was babysitting for a baby.

And the baby's parents are crazy germaphobes.

And when this shit went down at the last minute, they just lived down the street and they just said, you keep the baby.

If we get this thing, the one, the one woman has a carpal tunnel.

And so she thought that made her immunocompromised and she's like, I cannot get this thing.

Okay, get the baby away from me.

And this baby is eight months old and he is so sweet.

And I'll tell you what, I mean, my God, if I could breastfeed him, I would.

But we just, I had to buy a lot of formula.

I sure hope they're going to pay me back for this.

I mean, look, I love a baby.

I had three babies myself, but, and July P.

isn't doing anything.

Are you kidding me?

She's just, she's just doing TikToks the whole entire time.

So wait a minute, you're, you're breastfeeding the baby yourself?

She said she wishes she could.

Oh, you did try.

Damn it.

I didn't mean to admit that.

Can we move on?

This is a lot like on Love is Blind where the woman admits her dog likes wine.

You just admitted that you've been having this a stranger's baby suckle upon your supple breast, I'm assuming.

Oh, wow.

Wow.

Thank you, Scott.

Ockerman, is that it?

Oh my goodness.

Yeah, and I'll introduce you in a second.

Don't worry.

Oh, we haven't even been introduced yet.

No, I could do that if you like.

No, go ahead.

Again.

Okay.

No, no, I'm just not used to it.

Go ahead.

You go ahead.

Okay.

I'm so sorry.

May I ask a question, Scott?

Sure, before the introduction?

Certainly.

Concerning your Love is Blind factoid.

Can someone admit something on behalf of something else?

I guess that's a good question because she would- She admits that the dog loves wine.

Well, she was admitting more that she gives her dog wine by saying, my dog loves wine.

Now we're in my bailiwick.

So they are, speaking of podcasts, they are of course podcast hosts.

They have their own podcast here upon the Earwolf Network called and entitled, if I may say so myself, The Neighborhood Listen. Thank you so much.

The Neighborhood Listen.

That's correct.

The Neighborhood Listen.

Please welcome to the show Joan Pedestrian and Burnt Mia Payday.

Scott, thank you so much for- Am I saying that correctly?

Yes, a lot of people, a lot of people think it's pronounced millipede and I guess that's because it's how it's spelled, but it's pronounced Mia Payday.

Do you think that more words should be pronounced the way they're spelled?

Exactly.

E-N-U-F-F.

Z-E-N-U-F-F.

There must be an apostrophe in there somewhere.

As Chip Z'nuff once said, enough is enough.

Of course.

Welcome to the show guys.

Thank you so much for being here under the circumstances.

Of course, we're all recording remotely from our homes.

We're not sitting here speaking directly into each other's faces.

If anyone was worried about that.

No.

No, normally, and we do that for our podcast as well, that we have to now record from our separate domiciles, but normally, yes, as you say, we are speaking into each other's faces.

Yes, we tried it last week with a couple of- it went well.

My husband, Doug, is the engineer and he does a great, great job, but we didn't have the right equipment and I was using his Fortnite headset and it just, I guess it sounded like I was reporting from a traffic helicopter, which we had some fun with and I did a couple bits and I think it went over well.

What do you think, Burt?

I think that the bits went over well.

What Joan was doing was, because it sounded so remote, what she did was she was banging on her chest like Robin Williams from Good Morning Vietnam.

That's right.

That's what I referenced.

Mm-hmm.

So have you ever actually recorded from a traffic helicopter in your past?

Oh, no, but you know what I have done?

I recorded from a submarine and it was this, well, because I was- listen, I'm a realtor, top realtor in Dignity Falls, don't want to brag, but I mean, who's going to toot your own horn other than you?

Especially during these times.

I suppose someone might reach into your car, some crazy person who's out there walking the streets, toot your horn and then- Oh, my literal horn.

Well, now that is true.

That is true.

But now you- I'm sorry.

Violating a six-foot distance rule.

Sure, of course.

May I say, Scott, you interpret that expression as a car horn.

I'm surprised by that.

I guess.

I mean, someone could have a sousaphone out there, I imagine, and someone steals it.

It's like a murder.

It's like a couple of blasts.

But it's very- Someone out there has a sousaphone.

Yeah.

This is what these fancy comedy podcasts are.

People are- they're very quick, you know, so it's a lot of turns of phrase and a lot of quick wordplay and a lot of quick- so we're going to have to work a little bit faster here.

We're going to have to catch up.

So this is a comedy podcast?

I don't know necessarily if it is.

It's merely a show where I talk to interesting people, of course.

Well, that's what we do.

And America's podcast.

I don't know if you'd heard that about America Decided It, but tell me about your show because I don't really know anything about it.

Joan.

Why do you abdicate and suddenly make Joan do it?

Why don't you want to do it, Burt?

I do want to do it, but I feel like I want to make sure that I'm not hogging our time here because- You were awfully quick to just say Joan.

And then you- I'm looking at you right now.

You got a frightened look on your face.

Oh, wait, you can see me.

Yeah, you start biting your fingernails exaggeratedly.

I didn't even realize I was doing that.

Listen, I appreciate this because just because there's a quarantine on all of humanity doesn't mean there has to be a quarantine on women's equality, okay?

So Burt is just trying to uphold that, all right?

And he's letting me speak and I appreciate that.

Yes, it's called The Neighborhood Listen and kind of like a play on The Neighborhood Watch.

Get it? But because it's a podcast, you know, it's a listen.

I thought that was like a watch like you wear on your wrist.

Is that- that's not what it is.

Oh, no, here we go again.

You see what he's doing?

He doesn't seem to understand expressions.

This is interesting.

This is not a literal watch.

It could be Tooting Your Own Horn by a car horn, couldn't it?

It could be, but why would it be?

Generally, Tooting Your Own Horn is not why I- We love to toot horns.

In America.

Scott, no argument there.

We love to toot horns in America.

It's as American- it's as American as apple pie.

I would love it if instead of a car horn, we all had an apple pie in the steering wheel.

Oh, I mean, it's circular.

So messy, like an airbag, but instead it's apple pie?

Yeah, you get into an accident and suddenly an apple pie explodes in your face.

I mean, that would be fun.

Delicious.

Why not? Why not? Why not? Why not?

Why not a whipped cream sort of pie?

So you have that sort of fun, silent movie effect.

So when the officers get there to look at your destroyed corpse, they can have a little chuckle.

That's what our officers, our boys in blue need these days.

There's a little levity on the job.

That's right.

Haven't they been through enough?

All right, so tell us about this podcast.

Yes.

Okay, so there's a lot of people might have different apps for checking in on your neighborhood, right?

And what that means is you can just join and you can find out all of the different- in Digne Falls, it's called the Neighbor Hap.

That's what we use.

And it's basically like a front porch of sorts for your neighborhood.

The goings on, maybe a little gossip.

Generally, yes, it is- I saw a coyote.

What's that helicopter?

Someone's stealing our mail.

But we like to highlight some of those posts and not only that, but bring in maybe the person who posted something or who someone who was posted about and try to get to know our neighbors and maybe get to the bottom of some things.

There's some crazy stuff going on out there.

Really?

What we do, Scott, what we do, Scott, is we, as Joan said, we read some posts, but then we also interview people.

So it's a way of getting to know our neighborhood and also sharing our neighborhood with the world.

Fantastic.

So have you gotten to the bottom of a lot of things?

I mean, this isn't a murder podcast.

I was very worried, Bert, when you- Not yet.

When you start talking about murders that we were suddenly going to be, you know, edging into a murder podcast, but have you solved anything like the stolen mail?

You mentioned that there's a rash of mail thievery going on there in Digne Falls.

Have you solved any of these murders?

I mean, mail stealings?

Well, we solved our some chicken thievery and some fruit poaching.

And there has been only one murder alluded to, but we had that lady on and she thinks she saw murder, but I think she just saw a man lay down and go to sleep.

She was an unreliable narrator.

I would definitely say that.

But we have gotten, there was a selkie, a silky chicken, silky chicken.

Did you say selkie?

I did say selkie, which is a mythical sea creature and I misspoke.

I missed it.

What if you saw a selkie though?

That would be amazing.

Oh, if I could see if I could see that that that war nymph of Irish legend just hanging around, perhaps in the fountain by the mall.

But we have silky chickens, which are these these weird sort of furry looking chickens.

Someone was stealing them.

They were putting them into a plastic bag and we actually got to the bottom of that.

They were putting them into a community plastic bag or their own plastic bag that was on their property or what were they doing?

I know we're from a different place.

We're not familiar with the the concept of community plastic bags.

I was going to ask the same exact thing.

But now it's our chance to interview you, Scott.

What is a community bag?

Yeah, I guess what they do in Los Angeles is community plastic bags.

I guess I was confused.

Are they made of hemp?

That sounds very L.A. That sounds very L.A. doesn't it?

Yeah, like you use the bag and you put your you put your your your stuff in it.

And then when you're done, you can either smoke it or plant it.

Yeah, you put all your yoga things in there.

You put your yoga things and then you're like, oh, should I dip this in moon juice and then burn it with some sage and and just eliminate all the bad juju from my.

Now, I don't like you making fun of Los Angeles, especially when our community is being hard hit by this virus.

I think that's very, very rude.

That's fair.

I do.

Oh, my.

Well, now I feel terrible.

I apologize.

I don't feel terrible, but I do apologize.

OK, thank you.

I appreciate you and don't appreciate you.

I don't know if you could see who I was pointing at.

I feel fine. My sincerest apologies.

So I guess what I meant was I thought that you were saying the end result was they got put into a bag, but you're saying they stole them by putting them into a bag?

Yes, the bag was their means of transporting the stolen goods.

OK, so the end result was they took them back to their own domicile.

Yes, that's correct.

That's one of the things we were trying to figure out.

Yeah, it was a classic stealing.

OK, they took things that were not theirs, put them into a bag, then took them home.

And how do you know about the bag part of it?

I'm sorry to focus just on this one detail, but I mean, if there was no one there to witness the crimes, could they not have just cradled them in their arms and taken them home?

Here's the thing, Scott.

There was someone there to witness the crime.

First, someone posted, I saw this happening.

I saw a woman putting silky chickens in a bag.

We then were able to track down the woman who was putting the silky chickens in the bag.

And we get a view.

What?

This is how your show works.

Oh, sometimes.

I listen, I know almost everybody in town.

I have connections.

I am I don't if I mentioned it, but I'm the top realtor in dignity falls, whatever.

It's not a big deal, but I do have.

Oh, stop it.

Don't it's a big deal.

You've earned that.

You've earned that title and you've earned that title and you are the top realtor in town.

Well, I appreciate that.

Thank you.

But they don't want to hear me talk on and on and on about all my awards that I won.

Well, they should.

Well, it's a long and comprehensive list.

But but the point is I can usually get to people and so I am generally the person who tries to contact.

Tell them three awards you've won.

I'd love to hear these three awards that you've won.

Oh, okay.

I've worn the Fresh Baked Cookie Award.

Oh, this this has something to do with real estate or this is off topic.

I don't know if you know this, but one of the tricks of the trade.

Oh, I wasn't going to give it away.

But again, who cares at this point, right?

Sure.

No one's selling houses now, right?

I am still trying.

I'm doing virtual tours.

I set up a miniature model of the house on my kitchen island using like cheese and graham crackers for the partitions and the walls.

It's very comprehensive.

And then I I put the camera on it and I walk I walk the clients through.

We use the same telework community we're using here.

And I and you put little you put little clothes on your fingers and you walk you walk through.

I put little clothes on my fingers and what do you put on your toes?

Got to have high heels still.

There is no reason to not be in my high heels.

But what did you ask God?

I'm sorry.

What do you put on your toes if you're putting clothes on your fingers?

Oh, if I put if I'm putting clothes on my feet, well, I use it.

I wish you could see me.

I use my fingers.

You know how when people do that thing where they where they use their two fingers to almost do a skateboard like a miniature skateboard off of ramps.

Have you ever seen it?

To almost do a skateboard.

I do it.

Yeah, I do it every afternoon.

Yes, kids do it.

My twins did it anyways.

It's just the legs that are walking through.

Nothing's on my feet.

Sure.

No, I understand my feet.

Okay, I understand that.

I just wondered if you had to balance yourself out by by putting any clothes on your toes so you didn't feel sort of, you know, quite on a Scotty out there.

I'm sorry, what?

Life out of balance.

It's a it's a great film, Joan.

It's a great film.

It's sometimes things are very, very slow and sometimes things are very fast.

Well, we don't watch a lot of different things at home.

I mean, unless it has unless it has Kevin James in it, we don't watch it.

That's according to Doug, my husband.

So thanks a lot.

I thought you were going to.

I can tell you anything you want to know about mall cop.

Let's play that trivia game.

Okay, first of all, what's his name?

Kevin.

It's in the title.

It's Paul Blart.

His name is always Kevin.

And let's face it.

Kevin.

Absolutely.

I didn't see any kind of Paul.

I didn't see any Paul in there.

I saw only a performance by a Kevin.

I saw zero evidence of Paul.

Blart.

Okay, so so one other one other question.

Are you using cheese?

You said as the partition or are you using it as the glue for the crackers like cheese whiz?

Okay, so I'm so excited to have someone so interested.

Okay, so I mean, don't get me going.

I could talk forever about this.

So if it's a laminate floor, then it's a cheese that I use.

Okay, so that's on the floor.

I mean, that's like well quote unquote floor.

So that's used as flooring or if it's a tile.

I'll use a Swiss cheese because I have all this cheese that I forgot that I had and it's all bad.

So this door and I'm using it right.

I don't know.

Are you going to go to a store?

I just need to buy just by cheese and like oh just in case I need to buy some extra cheese and then now I have all this cheese and it's bad.

So are you are you trying are you trying to match the color of whatever the flooring actually is to the actual cheese?

Yes, this is so oh, it's like you're reading my mind.

Absolutely.

So like luckily some cheese already looks that spackled and brown and strange and I was like perfect great.

That's going to be marble.

It is interesting how many cheeses look like floor already.

Already.

I mean, you're halfway there to be perfectly honest.

And I don't know that I would want a floor that looked like cheddar though.

Just an orange floor.

Well, you know, you'd be surprised a terracotta floor is just wait till this economy bounces back.

It's going to be all about terracotta floors.

They're really durable and you could drop anything on it.

Okay, and they're great.

So I use my two fingers and that's why I have it's if my two fingers are my entire body.

So there's there's little heels on the nails if you will and then there's a little dress.

I'm in a little three-piece suit and here's the thing.

I walk them through and you're both a dress and a three-piece suit.

Are you are you are you sort of like that performer who is half three-piece suit and a half wedding dress and kind of turns to the side all the time with like half a half a long mustache.

Yes. Yes, that's exactly yeah.

I mean for this intent for this example.

Sure. Okay. Okay.

And and so just so you know, one of the things that realtors do is they will bake a fresh batch of cookies before a showing.

So that when you walk in it already, I forgot that's how we got into this.

I will always pull us back burnt.

I'm very very good at getting it back to us.

Right. So are you are you baking little tiny cookies for the little tiny model that you're taking everyone through right?

So I'm trying but the difference is I can't really you know, there's no scratch and sift sniff.

There's no it's virtual.

How do they how do they smell it?

You know what I mean?

So I have told them this is a bit awkward.

I have told them even though they're not supposed to go out to go to the grocery store purchase cookie dough, put it in their ovens their own ovens and when it's time to have our virtual meeting and then I tell them to press 350 and go it is not working out like it normally does.

I'm sorry to hear that but it's a little it's a little frustrating.

It's yeah.

What if they were able to make the scratch and sniff technology for computers or phones that would be something.

Wouldn't that be so fun?

It would certainly help me.

It would really help me.

Maybe it would be like those those 4D movies where like your phone squirts something at you, you know, like perfume suddenly.

I'm sorry a 4D movie is the fourth dimension squirting.

Yes it is.

It rains on you and they also squirt like perfume whenever like there's a flower around.

And that's the fourth dimension.

Yeah the fourth dimension is squirting.

Okay, so the other two awards that I've won.

Yes.

One is most babies born in new houses.

The second a couple gets in my house is they get busy.

It's true.

It's extraordinary.

Are you doing anything to stimulate that or exacerbate that where you're also the cookies?

Same thing.

Oh, okay.

So you're not leaving like sexy sex toys around the house or that's how you have babies.

The smell is part of it.

Sex toys lead to babies.

But you're not leaving pornography there in the house.

Sorry Scott.

It's more of a feeling that I create right?

It's like a sensual feeling.

I will say there's a lot of throw pillows involved and a lot of places just get down on the ground.

You know what I'm saying?

So I sort of try to that's one way I feel like I get them hooked.

And then of course a third one I could think of was best jingle.

I won that for burnt what last 10 years?

I can't think of anyone else who's won it.

Is this a jingle that you have commissioned or is this one that you actually have written and sing yourself?

I mean again, I don't know.

May I reach in and toot your horn?

Please reach in and please roll down the window.

Don't activate the apple pie.

Joan is not just the top realtor in Dignity Falls.

She is also quite a talented performer.

She is a thespian.

She is the absolute star of our community theater in Dignity Falls.

And she's got a beautiful voice and she has quite the quite the mind for a jingle re jingle re really.

So it could could we hear one of these jingles?

Is that possible or I'm not going to do it.

Oh, don't you meant Joan burnt.

I was asking your permission for her to sing a jingle permission granted sir.

Does that as my agent when we're talking about the after a fashion.

Okay, let's see.

I don't know that sounded sarcastic what you just said.

Absolutely the most sarcastic ha ha ha.

I think I've ever heard on this show.

That's just his laugh.

That's your laugh what you did.

You're imitating him.

Oh, see there it is.

There it is again.

I'm so sorry.

I got confused.

Do you know what was happening right then Scott?

I was trying to pick my key and I was not paying attention and you caught me you absolutely got it.

So but it doesn't matter.

Okay.

So yeah, so you pick ha ha ha ha ha ha.

Which which key do you think you're going to pick?

I think I'm just going to do it.

I'm just I'm going to do a breezy G Scott a breeze.

Oh, okay.

Yeah, if you lived here, you'd be home already.

If you lived here, you'd be home already.

You don't have to be sitting in the traffic.

It gets you all crazy dizzy.

If you lived home, you could be home and already getting busy already getting busy.

If you lived here, you'd already be busy.

That's wonderful.

So you're planting the seeds of them having sexual relations.

Yes, so the suggestion of coitus.

So in the one award you did win the best jingle you're planting the seeds for another award, which is most babies being born.

Ding ding ding ding ding.

You got it.

You've you've you've actually figured it out.

And and look, I'll just say that.

Yeah, it's true.

Any time that I have a chance to sing, it's great.

And I am thinking of writing a new one.

But right now, I don't know what to do.

And also, it's put a halt on my community theater production, which we've been starting.

Initially, it was going to be My Fair Lady, but a woke version.

You know, everyone on Broadway is doing that kind of thing where it's Oklahoma, but everyone's covered in blood at the end, you know.

Yeah.

Well, Oklahoma.

That's good.

That is good.

So we were going to do we were going to do that.

And it's just so sad that we can't have any shows right now.

So maybe I'll do it on my own home.

What were the details of the woke My Fair Lady, if I could ask?

How what were the changes being made?

Is Henry Higgins?

What was happening to him?

Well, I mean, you should ask Burt because I would try to get him to be Henry Higgins.

Burt, I'm going to ask you.

What's up with this Henry Higgins?

First of all, I Joan has tried to get me into these productions.

I'm not a good actor.

The closest I come is for many years I did.

I would perform as Santa Claus for our annual Christmas parade in dignity falls.

And then I had to stop one year because I I got a little too into it and I tried to figure out a way I could actually go down people's chimneys and leave them gifts.

And of course, the police were called.

And of course, it was it was it was quite a mess.

But I had, you know, in the end, everyone everyone was fine.

There were no hard feelings, but it did put me off doing it.

So there was a year I there was a year without a Santa Claus and I did not perform the role.

Were you incarcerated during that year or I was not I was not no charges.

No charges were filed.

Oh, OK. Little shook up. But those people don't that family does not come to the pharmacy anymore.

I'm a pharmacist, by the way.

Oh, no, I had no idea that was not mentioned at all.

I thought that I thought that was an idiom that I didn't know about.

No, no, no.

Like they died or something.

I don't want to give you all the details, but they do not come to the pharmacy anymore.

But yes, I work at the I work at the CVS and on Jimmy Carter Boulevard and I, I get to know a lot of the neighbors that way.

But I so Santa Claus, I did return this past Christmas right before everything went topsy turvy.

I did I did recreate my role as Santa Claus with his signature laugh.

So good. You know, so just outside the box outside the Santa box.

It's definitely a different reading than I believe I've ever heard before.

That's what everyone says to me. And I don't understand because I think that I'm doing the classic Santa Claus laugh.

Do you think you're doing the ho ho ho?

Yes, I do. Here it comes again.

Can you say ho ho ho?

Ho ho ho.

So now string it together.

Sure.

So tell me about the Henry Higgins. What was what were the changes in the My Fair Lady?

So again, I me and my choreographer Scott had not gotten through it all yet.

But what we did know is that we wanted to turn the tables on him a little bit.

So in fact, it was probably going to end up being he was the one who could barely speak.

He was the one who was hanging out twirling a sign on on a corner.

And and so that was the idea that we had because we thought there could be a lot of fun choreography with sign twirling.

Oh, yeah. And so then then what would happen to Eliza Doolittle would would come in and teach him how to speak or teach him about feminism or sign twirl.

But now that you're pointing it out, that's a much better idea.

So he was he was twirling signs and she comes in and says, let me teach you how to do that.

Exactly. Yes, you're doing that all wrong.

Now, because of the original My Fair Lady, well, I missed an opportunity. I mean, in the original My Fair Lady, Elijah Doolittle can speak.

And Henry Higgins comes in and says you're doing it wrong.

So this seems like a logical extension.

What I what I thought was what got us far enough to switch it was that she got to tell a man you're doing it wrong.

But boy, oh boy, you are right. What she should have said to what you're doing wrong is not just the sign twirling, but well, because she was selling flowers and he didn't come in and say you're doing that wrong.

And then taught her how to sell how to like upsell customers.

Yes, but I think the reason that the reason that there was no flower selling is in this place is because the flowers are expensive and to have to get fresh flowers for reperformance.

What was what was the sign? What was the sign that he was twirling? What was it advertising? Something less expensive?

Oh, flowers.

All right. Makes sense.

So so that that's on hold and you're hold. You said you were thinking of writing another another jingle.

Well, I was oh yes, I was thinking about another jingle for right now, but I just didn't know if it would be.

It's hard to know what kind of art to create in this moment, is it not? I mean, it's very true.

We wrestle with that every single show. We don't know what kind of art we're going to create and it comes out whatever this is.

Right. So right before this happened, I changed my mind and I wanted to do funny girl because I saw Idina Menzel was doing it.

And I thought, oh, that's a that's more fun because to be honest, I was I was going to hope that I could play Eliza Doolittle.

I might be a little bit long in the tooth for it, but I'm you know, it is about my age.

And so I was like, oh, she can do it. Maybe I'll do maybe I'll do funny girl and maybe I'll just do it.

I'll live cast it. You know, everyone's going live on Instagram and and they're like, is this thing on? And the camera's all weird.

And then they like jam on like a guitar for a second and then the volume goes out and then someone else wanders in and then a dog knocks over the camera.

And that's what's going. Is Eliza Doolittle's age germane to the plot of My Fair Lady?

I don't know whether like they say she's beautiful, but do you think that that expires after a certain age?

Well, when it's in a script, beautiful does mean young. Let's face it.

I mean, that's when it says beautiful. They're not like and talking 20, 21.

That's not what it means. Right. So I and I will say there's always been a real big age gap between who plays Eliza Doolittle and Henry Higgins.

It's basically like, you know, Audrey Hepburn and her grandpa, you know?

Yeah. I mean, Rex Harrison was was approximately 80 years old when he filmed the 80 years old.

So that was going to be the other difference is that I was maybe going to even go on the other end of it and be an old age, make up myself.

And it was just going to be a teenager. Henry Higgins twirling the sign. Yeah. But then, you know, I thought that.

So you would be you would be like a 75 year old woman and he would be 13. Yes.

Yes. Well, as Burton knows, I love character work. And so it would allow me to stretch those right.

Those muscles, you know, and you wanted Bert to play the 13 year old. Yes, yes, I did.

I see. OK. And what, what were you doing to prepare for this role?

Were you wearing short pants or what? I tried. We did a wardrobe test where I wore short pants.

I wore a velvet velvet short pants suit. I had a big lollipop.

And the white print with a ribbon coming off the back.

He looked like a munchkin from the lollipop. The lollipop.

Yeah, it was a little bit hard to hold the sign, I would imagine.

And to twirl it with that lollipop getting in the way. Or were you working on that technique? I was working on that technique.

One of the things I realized is I can't lick the lollipop because that makes it sticky and it will the sign will get caught on there.

Right. You can't lick the sign either. I mean, I'm allowed to, but I didn't.

What I experimented with was it was almost a sort of juggling where I would I would throw the lollipop high up in the air and then I would quickly throw the sign and then try to catch the lollipop again.

But as you can imagine, that run into money because those big lollipops, they're very fragile and they're expensive.

They're more expensive than small lollipops. So expensive.

And so every bit of money that I'd already saved, we already blew through from the lollipop.

So that was right. I felt honor bound to reimburse the theater company for the lollipops broken because that was my idea.

I can't think of too many things which are more expensive the smaller they get.

Diamonds? No, wrong.

Maybe phones in a certain amount of years, but now they're more expensive if they're bigger.

Hmm. This is a good I like this question. I was going to say children because babies are very expensive.

You have to buy all sorts of things for them. But once they go to college, I mean, they're you know, or at least private school.

At least they go to college if they go to college. I'll tell you what.

I'm not putting this baby. I'm not putting this baby through college. His parents better come back from, I don't know, in a month at least.

I hope the quarantine doesn't last that long. We have the baby through college. 18 more years.

They're talking about it like it ends right when the baby turns 18 and then it's time to go to college.

He already has his applications in. Yeah. And I'm going to have to homeschool him. No, thank you. Oh, my gosh.

Tell you what, guys, we need to take a break. I'm talking to you. We do that, too.

We do that, too. You take breaks on your show. We have a lot in common. A lot in common here.

I'm talking to Joan Pedestrian and burnt Mia Payday Payday.

Sorry.

Burnt Mia Payday. Mia Payday. Mia Payday. Mia Payday. It's Corsican. That's how you can remember how to pronounce it.

Oh, thank you so much. OK, so I apply the Corsican pronunciation. Exactly. OK, very good.

All right. I'm talking to Burnt and Joan of the Neighborhood Listen.

We also have a food critic coming up, but we need to take a break. We'll be right back with more comedy bang bang after this.

Comedy bang bang. We are back here. Scott Aukerman here of Comedy Bang Bang.

And I have two podcast hosts here. They have a podcast on the Earwolf Network called The Neighborhood Listen.

Please welcome back to the show, Joan Pedestrian and Burnt Mia Payday. Hello, guys. Thank you very much.

Thanks for having us. You got welcomed back. Yes, I barely ever do a welcome back, but it seems as if we are communicating via teleconference.

It seems only I don't know why I put that extra layer on welcoming you back.

Well, I was definitely looking away from the computer. I was not paying attention at all. OK, well, welcome back, Burnt.

What were you doing? I was staring out the window at the baby parade. What are they up to?

They're just they're just walking around, walking around.

I certainly hope that there are not too many babies out and that they're they're watching because you live on a very busy street, Burnt.

Yeah, everyone's maintaining a distance, though, and it's it's very unnatural to see because people are are are are adhering to that six feet rule very strongly.

Even babies. Even babies. Well, the babies are with people.

Yes, so babies aren't by themselves. I should I should clarify that. Oh, I see. OK, so the parents are sticking close to them.

Yes, but they are. No, the parents are six feet away from the babies. Oh, good Lord.

This is not what they meant. This is not that this is what's happening with me, with the baby. This is not what they meant.

Better safe than sorry. This is probably the most safe time for a baby to be.

You know that movie Baby's Day Out where it was just a nightmare scenario where a baby like goes into a construction site and gets lifted up on a on a steel girder and then, you know, crawls around.

I mean, this is the most safe time for that kind of situation to happen because no one's out there on the streets.

I guess that's true. But I think it's enforcing the wrong lesson. You know, we don't want our kids to learn that now they can run out in traffic.

You know, that'd be terrible once cars are actually back.

But but you're right. In case something there's got to be some good news with this situation.

Now you can run out in traffic. OK, now you can run out in the road for now. Yes, that I suppose that's good news.

And when they get older, they'll be they'll be reminiscing and saying, oh, when I was a kid, you could crawl into the street and not have to worry about it.

Now look, it's a lot like those Goodfellas types movies where they're always reminiscing about playing stickball in the street and fire fire hydrants going off everywhere.

Goodfellas types movies.

That was good. I don't you know, I don't get to see any of those, but I was Kevin James in any of them.

Yeah, no, I although I think he may have been in The Irishman, I'm not quite sure.

Do they de-age him or de-weight him or anything like that?

I don't know. Was there an exceptionally skinny guy in The Irishman?

I did try to watch The Irishman because Netflix is my own.

So when we watch movies in the movie room, then Doug gets to pick.

But I get to I get to watch Netflix. So I I got the Love is Blind reference and I'm now watching that Tiger King nonsense.

I just started that and and I did I did try to watch The Irishman. But but you have a different room to drink.

Right. You have a different room for movies that if you ever go in there, Doug gets to pick?

Yeah, I look they have a movie room in their home. Yes, we have several rooms.

In fact, he's in a different room every time you have several rooms in your home. It's Joan.

You know, she's a she's a realtor. So she found a house that has several rooms.

All right. You guys are being funny. Ha ha. But I mean, literally. And that was a sarcastic ha ha.

By the way, I was aware of OK, that that sounded very different than the fake ha ha.

You mean my warm up ha ha. Sure. I, I have more than several rooms.

I mean, I have what's probably an MCI of five and a half baths.

Well, that's why I know how many how many how many people are in that house?

There used to be listen to twin boys basically take up most.

I mean, honestly, they've ravaged almost every single room.

So it doesn't even it's like I only have three rooms.

But so I needed space because this is this is a serious question.

Do twins poop together? Do they always like share a toilet?

At least mine do.

And they share a toilet. Yes. They would sit on the same toilet.

So like one gets right cheek and one gets left cheek or you hope you hope.

But a lot of times they one shoves the other one off. So guess who gets to clean that up?

I mean, it is. It's Doug. Oh, OK. No idea.

You have no Doug does does Doug not he's what is what does Doug do for a living?

I don't know. You don't know. No, you is that is that canon?

I think that is. I think that is pretty much. I don't want to decide now.

No, no. On this show, Doug's job has not been specified.

It's kind of for this show. It might not be kind of for our show. OK.

I think well, but I don't think we've ever specified what he does. No, we've never talked about Doug's line of work.

I don't I don't believe we have let me just consult my notes.

I mean, we could just ask you. I mean, this is what we know about Doug.

OK. He's balding from the back. Whoa. He loves miniature golf.

He's an amateur impressionist. He loves buttered bell peppers for dinner.

He used to have an airbrushed van. He believes he has not been to a bar in a dozen years.

How what was the what was the van airbrushed to be a picture or wolf?

I think it was a classic wolf moon. It's what got me. I mean, I jump right.

Got you in that van. Yeah. It got me good. It got into his dreams. Yeah.

Doug also doesn't understand tapas. He has watched two. Oh, he's the guy. He has. Yes, he's he's why they keep they keep explaining it to us.

Exactly. Yes. We thank God Doug is staying home to flatten the curve on explaining tapas to people.

Do you think, by the way, speaking of top, I was thinking about this the other day.

Do you think when we all go back into restaurants, whenever this is all over, we can finally stop doing shared plates?

I think it's imperative. I think it's a pair as a pharmacist, as a pharmacist. I think it's a pair of.

Did you say pharmacist? I don't think I did, but maybe I did.

As a pharmacist who enjoys tapas, though, that's what he that's what he's suggesting.

And I personally hope that this makes us all germaphobe in a great way.

It's insane to me. Yeah. No. Who wants to shake hands or hug? Oh, God. Get rid of it all.

Speaking of my word, hugging, that's an extreme position to take. I'm talking to you, but even your loved ones.

That's how I took it. Oh, no, I meant I meant like in a business meeting. I see hugs all the time. Oh, yeah.

Do you really? That's yes. Well, that's it's a very L.A.

Well, yeah.

Put that in your bag and then smoke it. Because it is.

Here's some other facts about Doug. Yeah. Yeah. Let's get to other Doug.

He has watched Two Girls, One Cup several times. Several.

He owns an L.A. law hero desk that was used on the show by Susan Day's character.

He has a real Susan Day thing. He had a big crush. Really?

So does that extend to the Partridge family or is that just purely L.A. law based?

But it's mostly I think it really it really came it bloomed during the L.A. law phase.

Oh, sure. He hates candles and never has any on his birthday cakes.

Well, that's another thing that we got to get rid of this fucking blowing on birthday cake.

Absolutely. I guess that's true. And I think I also think that when this when this pandemic ends, we should dispense with the song Happy Birthday and birthdays and birthdays.

Well, I don't know. Let's get rid of it. Seems extreme.

This is going too far.

Why get rid of the song burnt? Why get rid of the song?

Well, it's it's a terrible dirge.

And it's not it's how do you sing it? Could you sing just a snippet of it?

Well, you know, hear it. Is it like, ho ho ho? You know that I don't have a very good singing voice, but I think here's how are you going to do my fair lady then?

Well, that was another problem. Well, I was going to I was going to do the Rex Harrison part. Oh, yeah, that's true.

Yeah. OK, that makes sense. Yeah, he cheated.

Happy birthday to you. Oh, see that my in the ballpark.

Yeah. Well, I mean, that's where you want to be if you're playing baseball. Do you think that was happy birthday to you?

Happy birthday to you. Yes. OK, well, that's what I thought.

I do think also has before before we get back to Doug, I do think that there may be the problem with a happy birthday song is the melody itself.

It's so sort of childish. You know, if we were to put a different melody, the lyrics are great.

But if we were to put a different melody on top of it, maybe we would all like it a little more. I wonder what that would sound like.

Maybe, Joan, you could I Stevie wonder what that would sound like. Oh, Stephen, wonder. Wow. OK.

Happy happy birthday. I know you're changing the lyrics.

You're changing the lyrics. You're changing the lyrics, Joan.

That's not the challenge that you're supposed to know. I thought it was you. You sing the same lyrics. You said happy, happy birthday.

Oh, happy birthday to you. I like it better already.

Well, there you go. We can keep happy birthday. Everyone just has to work on their Stevie Wonder impression.

Right. Doug also has been lovingly restoring a nineteen ninety eight Ford Explorer.

He assumes that old radios stored old radio broadcasts.

He thinks when I hear this list all together, it's quite something.

This one this one is very germane to where we are right now as a society.

He thinks this this we learned before the pandemic. He thinks his kids baby teeth may be valuable in a dystopian future.

Well, to be fair, that I shared that belief as well. A little. Oh, I didn't want to throw you.

I'm the one who put them in the security deposit box. And I did. I mean, that's what's in there are my kids baby teeth.

So are you preemptively taking them out now just in case shit starts to get really real? Oh, yes.

Well, I checked with my bank and they said that I could choose to do either or. And so what I did is a half and half.

So I've got half teeth at home, half teeth in bank. Oh, OK.

Half teeth at home, half teeth in bank. Like the old expression for sailors.

The saying, half teeth at home, sailor must roam. Half teeth in bank, sailor, no thank.

Well, Doug, Doug sounds like a very interesting guy.

And again, no job listed. So listen, that's why I decided to let him be the engineer, because it seemed like he had a lot of time on his hands there anyway.

Sure. So he still is the engineer of your show? Yes. Yes.

Yes. OK, great.

So maybe that is his job, because it sounds like he has a lot of hobbies, although I guess the radio thing isn't a hobby as much as it is a belief system.

Just an incorrect belief system. And he's also in a dad band. Oh, that's right.

He isn't a dad band. But that obviously that's not working right now. They're all the jam.

They're all fathers or they all sing songs about fatherhood without being fathers.

They're all fathers. And they try they try to do it once in our neighborhood with them all standing in the garage and just cranking that shit up like crazy.

And then everyone complained so hard and they couldn't. The sound was bouncing off of the different street.

It didn't work at all. So meaning they were trying to do it during the quarantine where they were all in different garages.

Oh, yes. Well, they saw those videos of the people in Italy on their balconies and they said, well, why don't we do that?

They had that idea. Well, what an interesting guy and an interesting engineer for an interesting show, I would say so.

Well, that's nice. Wonderful. Yeah. Well, we need to get to our next guest if that's OK.

I mean, I could sit here talking about Doug for hours. So could I. It feels like we did.

But we need to get to someone else that we're going to be talking to for hopefully hours and hours because we have nothing else to do here today.

He is a food critic. Please welcome to the show, Dickie Carolinas.

No, that's Dickie. Dickie Carolins.

Carolins. Dickie. It's Dickie Carolins. That's with a possessive.

And it's with an apostrophe. That's right. That's right. It's with an apostrophe.

So this is like Ruth's Chris. It's well, one of my favorite one of my favorite steakhouses.

Ruth's Chris. OK. Thanks for thanks for bringing that up right off the right off the bat, because we can we can jump in and start talking meat anytime you're ready.

Is that what you is that what you try to try?

I don't mean to belittle you by saying you're trying to criticize, but that's what you actually do criticize is is that's right.

I've done it done it all my life since I since I graduated high school.

I decided I'd go into the meat industry, but I didn't want to go in a typical way. I wanted to go in a way that I could help out.

So I've been going around the world. I've been going into steakhouses, people's houses, king what?

Kingdoms. I've been going in.

Wait a minute. We we started we started at steakhouses.

Small, small restaurants.

We start we we started at steakhouses. Then you go into other people's houses and then kingdoms.

We started the natural. Now we hear that.

That's right. I'll go anywhere where meat is supplied. And I've been doing that since I was just a little kid.

I was raised on a raised on a cattle farm.

And every Sunday my father would take us out to it and let us pick one out. We do what we would with it every Sunday.

Every Sunday we'd go. That's a lot of meat to be eating in one time.

It wasn't easy. And that's why when I walk in, I go, Dickie's here. Give me 100 ounces.

And they always know what you're talking about. No, in fact, it's never happened that they have known what I've been talking about.

They constantly say, what? First, let's see.

First of all, who? Well, wait. So they're saying, first of all, sit down.

First of all, sit down, because I'll kick that door open.

OK, so they want to de-escalate the situation. So they're asking you to sit.

Normally they're terrified, whether it's a steakhouse, a kingdom or somebody else's house.

They'll always be a little panicked right off the top. Dickie, can I ask, what are some of the kingdoms that you have visited?

Thank you. I didn't know if we were allowed to ask questions, but thank you. I was thinking that too.

Oh, I didn't even know either. Scott, are we allowed to ask questions?

I don't know if we are. You are both allowed to ask questions.

Oh, thanks. This is great. One of the kingdoms. The kingdom.

There's a kingdom up in near Burlington, Vermont. The kingdom of Tiffany. Have you heard of this?

I have not. I didn't realize there was a kingdom within the United States that I guess it's its own.

That's exactly what you call it. Has it seceded from the United States or?

I call this a kingdom. I found it on my way traveling up to Canada. I was traveling up through Vermont on 89.

Why were you going to Canada?

I was going to hit Montreal. Check out some of the meats.

The kingdom of Montreal?

Is that a kingdom?

If a town is new to you, you think you discovered it? Okay, got it. Okay.

That's a kingdom.

You know what Dickie does? I stick a flag and I ask for 100 ounces. That's what I did.

You're sticking a flag in these places as well?

Well, so I can own it.

Cool.

Yeah.

Sort of like what we did to the moon here in America.

Well, not to get on this, but that's a conspiracy.

Oh, I had no idea we were going to be unlocking this.

No, there's no such thing as America.

Oh, so you believe we went to the moon. You just don't think that- That's not where I thought that was headed at all.

That America exists?

Absolutely, we went to the moon. We've been to the moon.

This is, funny enough, we've been to the moon every day.

What?

Can I ask you this, Dickie? If you say you don't believe that America is a thing, when you're saying we've been to the moon, who do you mean?

As an animal kingdom, all the people of the earth were all one.

The kingdom of humanity.

But you think Vermont exists and Montreal exists?

Sure, we have states. I'm not an idiot. We have states.

Oh, okay.

You just don't think they're united?

No, I believe that we're all, like even when I say Canada, that's just a nickname for that area of the world.

It doesn't have its own rules.

So the names of countries are nicknames, really?

No.

Governments.

For land masses.

Yeah, what is Canada short for if it's a nickname?

Well, you know, that's a fallacy that a nickname has to be short for something.

Okay.

For example, my nickname was Red.

Why is that?

Because I used to get beat up a lot and I was always bloody, so people would call me Red. I had blood all over the place.

Oh, no.

But it wasn't short for anything.

Were you a particularly weak child or were you a child or was this recently?

Honestly, this happened when I was a child up until recently.

Okay, so your entire life. What happened recently?

Why are you getting so beat up?

I think I have an energy that calls for people to do that.

I have to admit that I'm feeling it right now.

Right.

My fists are clenched and I am just like, I'm raging.

I'm raging right now.

I don't know. I'm clenched, but in a different way. I love this voice.

I'll be honest. I deserve it. I deserve it every single time. I'll give you an example of when it happened last week.

I'm up in this kingdom and I find a little farmhouse and I just barrel my way through the front door.

Barrel my way.

And this little family is sat down. They're having a meal and I go, Dickie's here, give me 100 ounces.

And that father, that father picked up what looked like was some sort of billy club or maybe a miniature baseball bat.

It said Yankees on it. And he swatched that thing at me.

It must have been three, 400 times to the face, three or 400 times to the face.

Why did you try to run away?

Oh, I did. I did. But he caught in this.

It got so weird because he he hops on the phone and I'm hearing him do this.

He calls three or four of his friends who call three or four of their friends.

They go towards this is like a pandemic. It's they get torches, they get torches to beat you up.

Yeah. They they're trying to set you on fire. They did set me.

They did set me on fire. This this was not a great.

I gave that I gave that steakhouse a horrible review.

Can I say I think you're getting beat up a lot because you're breaking into people's houses, not because they're picking on you.

I wanted to make that point as well. I don't I don't think it's necessarily an energy you're giving off so much as the the home invasions.

Yeah. The actions that you're taking, you know, I think that your personality is probably fine.

It's your interaction. Well, I appreciate that. And I agree with you.

I think my energy is fine. But I I also think you're looking at this a little bit pedestrian, if you're saying I'm part.

Yeah, I'm you don't need you don't need to insult people.

Oh, yeah, exactly.

It's the only way you can look at things. You were so I do have to be pedestrian about it, sir.

Yeah. That's fair. You were just clear. You were just clarifying who you're talking to.

That's all I was doing. I was talking to her. Just another real quick fact about Doug.

His last name is Corn. He had it legally changed with the backwards K.

But then he took he took he took Jones name.

He took Jones name when they got married. So he he he changed it before you got married and then changed his name again.

His given name was Corn. He had it legally changed to the backwards K.

He had it changed to Doug Corn pedestrian. Doug Corn pedestrian.

He can see it's what it says on all his towels. Wow. So so.

Hey, Scott. Yeah, I'm talking to you, Dickie.

Hey, how are you? I'm good. So tell us about your reviews.

Well, I'll tell you, I say Dickie's here. I asked for one hundred ounces.

And usually I won't get that. But what I do I do get is after some confusion once in a while, I'll be able to sit down and out of pity.

Somebody will give me something or another thing. So I will always say I just want the steak and three starches.

I don't want vegetables. I don't want anything like that.

So I'll get maybe I'll get a hundred ounces of steak, a potato, a couple of buckets of rice, a couple of apples.

So you get one potato, but a couple of buckets of rice. And then you you think an apple is a starch?

Well, I don't think. Look it up. You know what? Apple is it's the it's the potato is the palm to tear.

It's the apple of the earth. It stands to reason that an apple is a starch, something I never thought about before.

But now I'm in complete agreement with. OK, thank you very much. I appreciate that, Bernd.

So what I do by having the same thing every place is kind of give a uniform review and then I'll post it on my website.

These what is what is your website? I thought that you were a food reviewer. Steak my day. Steak my day.

It's not it's not go ahead. Steak my day. No, it's W.W.W.

We know how websites work.

Steak my day. We start at the beginning. Dot org. Wait, can you go back? Backslash. Backslash. Go ahead.

OK, so the go ahead is added to the back end. Yeah.

Otherwise you you get to one of my other pages.

Oh, yeah. What are your what are your other pages? Well, I review other foods as well.

What this is. OK, look, look, before you go on, before you go on, Dickie, we need to take a break.

This is a bombshell. Scott, we also take multiple breaks.

We do that too. This is this is I'm incredulous right now.

This is this is the biggest bit of information that has ever been dropped on this show.

The fact that you review you don't say hi to each other.

The fact that you review other foods. This is amazing. We're going to get to exactly what these other foods are.

And what what these other websites are. After the break, we will be right back with more burnt me a payday, more Joan Pedestrian, more Dickie Carolines.

We'll be right back with more comedy bang bang.

Comedy bang bang. We are back here with the hosts of the neighborhood. Listen, we have burnt me a payday and Joan Pedestrian.

Hey, Joe. Hello. Oh, sorry. I didn't. Well, Dickie, Dickie jumped in and said hello to you.

I stepped on Dickie's hello to Joe. Dickie is not really.

Yeah, I said hi to you. Dickie is not. Dickie, this is the problem.

When we're all in four different rooms teleconferencing, you really should not be jumping in and saying hi to people.

I'll tell you what. The way that the way that you said my name.

Joan, Joan, I'm I'm sensing some sort of by the way, we have Dickie Carolines, who's a food critic.

I'm sensing some sort of attraction between you and Dickie here.

I don't. Do you have any listeners? Oh, God. I hope not.

Not really.

Get out too far, because because now I'm getting worried. I, I, I.

OK. I mean, I have a thing for he's giving me a very cowboy vibe and try as I may.

Doug does not look good in a cowboy hat. It just it looks very strange.

His head is very small. And so. Well, OK. So he's here.

But you say you can't put on a cowboy hat. You got to grow it.

That's what I. Oh, oh, oh. What does that mean? I might need to use myself.

I mean, not everybody can wear one. And if you've been using this Doug guy sounds like a real nice guy, but he doesn't have a job.

He doesn't have a career. Well, I can see why that's leaving you a little dry in the corners.

Can I now, Joan, if if if you don't mind, I'd like to tell everyone your your Hall Pass candidates.

Oh, yes. We've talked about it on the show. Yeah, we have.

Jones Jones Hall Pass candidates include Russell Crowe, Tom Brokaw, Conan O'Brien, Timothy Oliphant from Justified Only.

Oh, OK. Alan Rickman and Lawrence Olivier, if time travel is permitted.

If time travel is permitted. OK, so wouldn't time travel have to be permitted with the Timothy Oliphant from Justified?

I don't know if it's time travel so much as an impossible dimension shift.

You know, probably impossible to shift. Even if we went back in time, I couldn't really just be on Justified with Timothy Oliphant, Justified.

So so maybe this is a parallel universe where Justified never got canceled and it's still going on.

I live in a parallel universe where Justified never got canceled. Crystal Pepsi still exists.

And Barry Manilow is my husband. Oh, so you're cheating on Barry with Timothy. No, no, no, no. He's my lavender husband.

I'm sorry. I meant to say, oh, you know what a lavender husband is? I would imagine via context clues.

I'm sort of getting what it is. A theatrical term. Yeah.

But go ahead and explain it in a way.

But back in the day when men weren't allowed to be out, as in gay, they would have they would.

You remember all the way back to what's that? How old are you? I'm a 66 years ago.

Oh, but trust me. But I die everything.

What you are very it's extremely black. I die everything.

And I write a book, particularly blue and your eyebrows, even your your pubes and your arm hair and leg hairs, my skin, everything.

I know. I was wondering because I you're I'm seeing you on the video teleconference and it's sort of like you're doing blackface for some reason.

I didn't want to say anything. That's not blackface. That is not blackface. I wouldn't do it. Wouldn't even talk about it.

You look like Justin Trudeau or Arabian Nights.

You so seldom get to compare things to that. Exactly. My whole past is all fictional characters.

Really? Who do you? Well, I have the Dowager Countess from Downton Abbey.

Hmm. Charlize Theron's character in Eon Flux. Joan Crawford in Whatever Happened to Baby Jane?

Really? What is it that attracts you to her? Oh, she's just very commanding in the way she's scared of her sister.

See that that is see because she's in a wheelchair and her sister is serving her a rat.

Jodie Foster as Nell. And of course, revenge crazed killer Sadie Adler from the video game Red Dead Redemption 2.

Oh, of course. Yes. So are both of both of our top passes pretty much involve another dimension and another dimension shift.

Another dimension? Another dimension? Another dimension?

Another dimension? Oh, oh, oh.

I'm I'm hearing double and I'm seeing double. You're seeing double? Yes. How many of us are there?

There's oh, I only see there's several dickies.

So you're saying you're you're saying like quadruple dickies.

How many of me are there? Ding dong.

Oh, you're down in the corner. Scott, I see you in the corner. That's me. Just be your settings.

I thought I just calm down. Let's just calm down. You really want to get to this?

By the way, I'm not married, so I don't know why it's all just people that are your type.

Yes, exactly. Not been on a date in ages. He stays at home.

He has a Murphy bed that doesn't close and he cannot eat square food.

It's that's that's all it's all it cannot close or it does not close.

It used to close. It's now gotten to a point where it's at a it's just like, you know, where it's supposed to hit the floor.

It's just like at a 10 degree angle off the floor. And so and even even when you rest upon it, you it does not go down to your room.

He's been like vampire bat sleeping for a very long while.

Wow. At a 10 degree angle, not necessarily completely perpendicular. The problem is that if I sleep with my head where it's supposed to normally go, I have dreams where I'm drowning in my own blood because all the blood rushing in my head.

And so in my dream, I'm in a big swimming pool. But you zoom out and the swimming pool is my skull. And and I'm in there and it's my own blood.

Anyway, that's not a dream. I took her meeting.

Are you married? Are you a married man? Are you? Are you married? I'm not married, but I have to I have two large golden retrievers, Jasper Drake and Dewey.

Wait, so one is named Jasper Drake and one is named Dewey.

No, one is named Jasper and one is Drake and Dewey.

So Jasper is one of them. And then Drake and Dewey is the other.

OK, Drake and Dewey. OK.

It's like he's he's he. Oh, God, what a good little guy he is. He's little guy.

Yeah, he's he's a little guy. He's a golden retriever, but he's how little is he?

Well, he was when he was a puppy. He got hit by a car pretty bad. Oh, yeah.

Yeah. Removed most of his body. So.

Oh, oh, I see. So he's he's had to remove most of his body, which sounds like he maybe lost the and Dewey part of himself.

Yeah. Yeah. He used to be Drake and Dewey and Ridley.

Oh, you got rid of Ridley. His nickname is Drake and Drake and Dewey.

Is it Drake? Is it Drake and and Dewey or is it and Dewey?

Yeah. Like a recipe. Yeah. Drake or Drake and Ampersand.

It's Drake and Dewey. No, it's it's a D.R.A.

Yeah. Like Frank. So two apostrophes in in his name. That's right.

So double the apostrophes that are in your name. That's that's right. Two.

Now I'm seeing double. Can I tell you my hall pass?

Yeah. Who are they? Because my hall pass is just one.

And I was on my my bike and I was riding north and I had to I had to stop it.

I guess I guess they call it a holiday in express. And I think that is what they're called.

You do that is what it's called. All right. Well, that works out. I don't think they're trying to be coy about it.

I think they put the name right out there. Who are we to say? Who are we to say?

And so I walk in and there's this girl behind the counter and she's a beautiful woman.

She's got hair down down to her middle parts and she's like glorious flowing blonde locks.

And she looks at me with the most sexy voice and she's like, how can I help you, sir?

And right behind her, just a little I think he was like an accountant that worked in the back.

He was in this little room. So we're we're not talking about her with a sexy voice.

No, this little man. She looked at you with a sexy voice.

She looked at me with a sexy voice and she said something with it wasn't that sexy once she said it.

But her voice, her voice, the energy of her voice was very sexy.

But this guy behind this guy working in a little room and looked like he was crunching numbers or kind of putting together some bills.

And he he wouldn't look at me. And I said, if I ever get the chance, if I ever get the chance to have a hall pass, I'm going to bang the ass out of him.

This shit. Wow. The husband, the accountant. Yeah.

Not the blonde woman who looked at you with the sexy voice.

No, anybody can get that.

She's too thirsty. This she was. She wanted it. She wanted it.

This guy wouldn't give me the time of day. So I will bang the ass out of him. So I'm very alluring.

I think you could probably say shit when you're talking about. That's not what I meant. I didn't mean shit.

Oh, what did you what did you mean? No, you don't know what?

Is it semen soup? Oh, soup out of her. Why? Why? Yeah.

Why wouldn't you just say soup? I didn't think we had time.

For brevity's sake, you were right. I don't know. I don't know when this thing is anything.

S is your nickname for soup. Are you are you married, Dickie, or?

No, I have two golden retrievers. So so you could so you could bang the soup out of this guy if you wanted to.

Yeah, and I will. I got to find this place again. But you were you were you were writing north.

I do have a girl. I have a girlfriend. So that's what my whole. Oh, yeah.

What's your what's your girlfriend like? What does she like?

She likes.

Why are you repeating every question we ask you? Honestly, for time's sake, I was trying to feel time.

You're trying you're trying to. So you're trying to both waste and conserve time.

Just in case. Either way, I'm trying to like just cover our faces, give you something to work with.

Also, cut it off when I can. Yeah. She's a she's a wonderful woman. She's a sailor.

She's a sailor. Uh huh. She is. I don't see her a lot because she's out at sea a lot.

She's she is she in the Navy or is she independent? No such thing as the Navy.

So she's an independent sailor for hire if you need somebody.

If you need someone to sail around. Do people hire her to go out and sail herself or take take them to other places?

No, no, no, no. That would be a captain. She's just a sailor. She's just a sailor. So she'll say, for example, for 150 bucks, she might take a trip out for a couple of days and come back in and tell you what she saw.

Oh, she doesn't even like film it so that you can see? No, no, no, no. Can't afford that.

Hmm. Can't afford that. No, I mean, just a visual a visual thing where she'll just tell you if people paid for it, then then that would be paying for it. That's right. If people paid for it, they would be paying for it.

People paid for it. They would pay for it. Yeah, that checks out. That checks out.

Dickie, I have to ask you before the break. If you have to do it. I do.

Please don't burst down my door and ask for 100 ounces.

But but before the before the break, we it was a big tease.

We talked about that you you you have other foods other than meat. That's right.

You're reviewing what what exactly are these other foods? I'll do vegetables, candies.

I will do fruits, cleaning products.

OK, so one question when you were bursting into the steak houses, you were saying you did not want vegetables. That's that's because you want to separate your two reviewing styles.

So there are times where if I'm in say I'm going to review broccoli, I'll burst through a different kingdom or a restaurant or a vegetable house and I'll say vegetable house.

Do you have a vegetarian restaurant? I haven't tried that yet. I mean the produce section of a grocery store.

There it is. There it is. So I'll barge through there and I'll be like, oh, Dickie's here.

Open up. Let's see the greens. They're not even open yet. A different saying that you know.

That was my mistake. I always do it when they are open and they get there.

Usually the response I get is, yeah, we're open already.

You can buy whatever you need. Now, what what is your what is your phrase you use when you're reviewing the cleaning products?

Dickie's here. Scrub them, dub them. Where where are you going when you're doing this?

Where are you bursting in to, you know, like a kingdom or a cleaning house?

Sometimes. What do you call it? What's the I don't know.

I have no idea. What closet closet? That's right.

A janitor's closet. Maybe a school or a high school or a middle school.

So a school or a high school or a middle school. Yeah, that's right.

You can come review our janitor's closet. We have one. I would love to do that, but I can't tell you when I'm going to do it.

You'll just see me barge in sometime. Wait, so Joe, you have a janitor in your actual home.

You heard right. Joan, Joan has a janitor. Joan, if I'm not mistaken, you're asking me to barge into your house.

I mean, I'm not saying I would I wouldn't I wouldn't kick you when you're cleaning products out of bed.

Scrub them and dub them. Is it I I should check my temperature.

And I certainly hope that I'm not sick. Yeah, you I mean, who knows what's going on?

That's it though. Candy. What do you say for candy? For candy? Uh huh. Oh, by the way, we're going to ask you about every catchphrase for everything you review.

So just be prepared. Yes, exactly. Dickies here. Hang on to those sweet teats.

Sweet teats. OK, it's a play on it's a play on sweet treats.

But but why? Yeah, there doesn't there doesn't need to be a play on it because you're usually for the consumer to decide.

Usually usually you're the one doing the sweet reviews. So you would be making a play on something that's not sweet by adding sweet to it.

No, I'm adding a sexual component to something that's already sweet. How is that sexual, by the way?

Yeah. I mean, I like to play with them when I have sex.

Sexual, just so you know.

If it was sexual, I'd say tits. If it's not sexual, it's a teats because teats is the nurturing nozzle that an animal has for its babies.

OK, OK. And some humans and some humans. Yes.

You add about 50 percent of the use it yesterday. They don't have it. But I know what you're talking about.

Maybe someone wasn't latched on the right way. The baby's fault could be the baby's fault.

Oh, OK. Dickie here. Dickie, does do all do all of your house.

Hey, Dickie. Dickie, do all of your catchphrases start with Dickie's here? Do you find it sort of to explain yourself?

That's the through line. That's the way you know it's Dickie, not somebody else. Right.

Right. I guess I guess you could be anyone. You could be burnt over here.

Yeah. You know, doing a Santa Claus situation, just bursting into people's houses.

Santa Claus. He said it was one it was one home. And and and I very, very quickly saw the error of my ways.

So so when Santa Claus goes into these houses, it's not realistic that he's able to sneak around and drop presents off.

Oh, not at all. I mean, I I you know, because this home did not have a chimney, I of course had to go in through the the door.

And that alerted people right away. And and, you know, it was it that was a bad night.

That was a bad night. Well, it's Christmas Eve. Yeah. And it was Christmas Eve that I did ruin their Christmas.

And I do I do still feel terrible about that. Right. But they don't come into the pharmacy ever again.

They don't come in the pharmacy anymore. Yeah. So, Dickie.

Hi. Yeah, Dickie. So these are all separate websites that are all all the same one.

They just have different backslash. So it's stake my day.

Stake my day.

Or stake was my original and and meats were my original review choice.

But a lot of people demanded that I start reviewing other things because they did not they didn't like your steak reviews.

And I know they didn't say it. They may have been asking you not to review anything, but you just took it.

Maybe, maybe, maybe that's how it is. Because I was getting horrible responses from so many reviews, I kept I said, well, you got to keep throwing ass against the wall.

And are we soup to shit? Oh, OK.

That's what the saying is, you idiot. It's throwing shit against the wall. Right.

Yeah. So I guess you could say I'm still I'm still doing that.

I'm still throwing it against the wall. Throwing ass against the wall.

Did you say you reviewed Makeup? What's going to ass? Makeup.

Yep. But just Halloween makeup.

Not so like Dracula and Frankenstein and Gene Simmons and the Starchild. Not not only Gene Simmons makeup if it's like comes in a small kit.

Not like because you could do Gene Simmons makeup and get it at Sephora. I don't do I don't deal with high level or high end.

So something that you buy that's a package that just says witch or Gene Simmons or firefighter, like stuff that comes from a firefighter.

Yeah, Joan. Hey, Joe. Yeah, that's right. What kind of makeup is a firefighter? I reviewed a firefighter.

I guess. Yeah. You got to spread soot on your face. That's right. Oh, yeah.

OK. If you spread soot on your face from the costume is firefighter at home.

Then no, usually just playing. I was going to say frankly, it's very little bit of a costume in that point.

Yeah. From the cheekbones down from the cheekbones down, you put soot on and then you so you create the illusion that you've taken off your goggles.

You've been in a fire and you've taken off your goggles. I reviewed I reviewed.

You don't have to wear the goggles off off duty, retired firefighter makeup.

And so he's retired and off duty. Well, he's not off. He's not off duty from being here.

He's always retired from his normal job. Right. OK. Yeah.

He's a volunteer. Yeah. I say, have you ever done a firefighter on Ash Wednesday? Oh, I just did that.

Yeah, you just did it. Just did it. Swear to God about a half hour ago.

A half hour ago. A half hour ago. We were doing this podcast.

I know. You're writing while we're doing this.

No, they're all video. You've been recording video reviews.

Yeah. Wow. OK. Anyway, the Ash Wednesday firefighter is a good one.

But you really have to nail down the different tone of the ash from mass.

Sure. The ash you're getting from the large warehouse fire that the firefighter is returning from.

So different ashes you're saying that makes that's right.

Yeah. Wow.

You really know your stuff, Dickie. You know your ash. Hey, Dickie's here.

Did you want to hear the makeup? Oh, yeah. What's the expression when you when you get the makeup?

It's Dickie's here. Makeup? No, I thought of it before.

I think I I think I get it. I get it. OK. I don't know that I do, but just for expediency's sake, I think we can move on.

Dickie, you're a you're a fast pick up some time with abbreviating those words.

Thank God. Dickie, you are a fascinating guy. Thank you, Scott.

I make sure we check out your website, which is just stake my day.

Stake my day dot org will take you to any of the branches, backslash any of those sayings.

Do you have to do a backslash or can you get to anything you want right there from stake my day dot org?

You got to do the backslash because they are technically different websites. So you have no you have no links.

No, no, no, no links, because honestly, that's going to get confusing.

Links are just going to confuse people. It's easier if they just backslash backslash.

OK, well, look, guys, we're we're running at it. We're running. Thank you very much, Dickie.

We're running. I was saying backslash. Go ahead. Oh, what is that?

That's your favorite one. That's the stake one. That's the stake. Stake my day. Oh, go. Oh, got it.

Oh, I thought you were attention. Thank you, Jim. I was paying attention to you, but there's a lot to remember.

New Hall Pass. It seems I think it really is. But what am I going to do?

I mean, I can't do anything about it. Do you, Joan? Do you ask what am I going to do?

I'll check your janitor's closet later. We'll see if anything can be done about it. Do you, Joan?

Do you need Doug's consent with these hall passes or can can you make hall passes and he just has to abide by whomever you put on the list?

Yeah, I guess it's not really fair when you make a hall pass. Is it fair to keep adding to it?

To be honest, I have not needed to add to it in years. But this is just this has blindsided me. Yeah.

And who are you going to see? I got apple pie all over my face. This was I didn't see it coming.

Who are you going to swap out? If you had to replace someone who is it a set number?

Probably Timothy Oliphant and Justified. And I'll tell you why I found my I have found my real.

So I guarantee you, are you wearing a cowboy hat right now?

You because I can't really see you very well.

The camera cuts off like right above the eyebrows. Does this answer your question?

Oh, that's a brim. That is a brim. That's right. How did you get that just from him saying yes?

Because he didn't tilt the camera down or anything like that. I heard that. I heard the brim in his voice. Oh, OK.

Interesting. All right. Well, guys. Yeah. Thank you. Go ahead. Just say hey.

Yeah, we're running out of time. We just have one final feature on the show, and that is a little something called plugs.

I don't like the. I don't like the.

Close it all up. Close it all up. And I don't like the studio. And I don't like the guests. Pull it all down.

Pull it all down. And I don't like the host. I don't like it.

What was that? They say something about not liking the host of the show. Is that the only thing that you heard?

Maybe that was the plug. Sure. Principal by Bledroom.

I believe that may be a parody of the pleasure principle by Gary Newman. Who knows? And also a parody of bedroom.

Yeah, I guess. What are we plugging, guys? Obviously, the neighborhood listen is out there.

The second season just came out. Is that correct? Yes. The second season came out right before the entire world went to hell.

And we are incredible timing. We're in we're in our second season on Stitcher Premium.

You can use those to premium dot com and use code neighbor for a free month's trial.

And if you want to contact us, we have an email account.

Burton, Joan at gmail dot com.

So email us about what's going on in your neighborhood. And how is burnt spelled? It's B, you are NT.

That's correct. No D in there. No D in there. And Joan is spelled J O A N.

Great. All right. So people can reach out to you to ask you questions or no, they may not do that.

They why are they reaching out to you? They can share with us posts from their own neighbor HAP listings because we don't have access to other people's neighborhoods, of course.

But if you if you'd like to share something interesting from your neighborhood, then you can you can screenshot that and send it to us.

Remember, links don't work. But do not ask us any questions.

We will not answer questions.

Well, we just try to make it a policy, you know, because then it just gets to be too many questions.

But but Dickey, if you have any questions, you can certainly email us or me, Burton and Joan at gmail dot com.

And, you know, I'll look the other way. Sign it, sign it, sign it. Raylen Givens. And I'll answer you.

Open it up with Dickey's here. Oh, yeah. I don't I don't have if you make that the subject line, I will make it.

You don't you don't have email. I don't have email, but I'll find a way to barge through your doors if you know what I mean.

You know, several websites, but you have email and you have a computer. We're looking at your webcam right here.

Now, I don't have an email. It just doesn't help me out. So I do. You can have a website with that email.

Do you have help? Do you have direct messages? Like, are you on Twitter and Instagram and all the social media platforms?

No, none of those. None of those. None of those. I do everything in person.

In fact, this is the first time I've ever done something like this.

The quarantine just must be killing you for a guy who does everything in person.

Well, quarantine is you know, it's only a quarantine if you let it be. So that's exactly right.

And you're not close to. Yeah, you're supposed to be. Well, if it's just me, though, just going out and I've been trying to hit these reviews.

Is your girlfriend sailing? She's hitting those waves. She's hitting the open seas. And if she's open for business, too, you can hit her up by email.

So she has email. Do you want to give the email address or?

Yeah. Carrot on the waves. Carrot on the waves? Carrot?

It is carrot? Carrot on the waves. Son of a B.

At yahoo. Dot. Dot C U M or?

OK. All right.

And how can I ask you, Dickie, how often are you paying her to go out and sail every day?

Every day. I put every penny I have into that because you don't want to be around her or.

No, I just know it makes her happy. And I'm not really I don't love being around her. Dickie, I'm sorry. You might be an inadvertent pay pig.

Oh, I don't know. What is that an expression? It unfortunately is pay.

What is a pay pig? I'm going to let everyone look that up.

It happened to Bert once a month.

It happened to be once. Oh, dear. Set the tail for another time.

It is. All right. She's going to come back. She's going to come back to shore and it's going to be a very different world.

It's a different world than where she comes from. Yeah, that's true.

That's true. But you know what? You can't. Happy birthday to you.

Right. It is. Yeah, that's correct. Oh, happy birthday.

Do you want to do you want to plug your birthday? Dickie?

Yeah, I'd love to plug my birthday.

Thanks, everybody, for acknowledging it, I guess. Is that.

Oh, yeah. That's how you plug your own birthday. That's that's what birthdays are. Dickie, do you want to plug anything?

I mean, love everybody. Love. I would just love, love everybody. April 7th.

If you could check out the last O.G. on TBS season three coming out.

What am I? Well, you can probably tell that's one of my favorite shows. How would we be able to hear your voice?

You can probably hear that. You can hear it in the brim of my hat. Right. You can.

Can't you? So check it out. It's a it's I don't know what time it's on.

Yeah. Who cares? People can find it. Yeah. Yeah. It's like people have the time to look at it.

They have the time to look that kind of information up. It comes on at nighttime. It comes on nighttime.

It's on at night. It's on at night. Just shows and there's daytime shows and people.

Time. People have a lot of time to watch stuff now or they have no time to watch stuff.

From what I found. They either have to they have way more time or else all their time is taken up by like having to home school their kids and and cook for themselves and do all the chores themselves.

Yeah. Instead of what we usually do paying people to do it for us. And if you notice on this one, the Frankenstein makeup is greener than on the other ones.

What I love about he's doing are you recording? He's recording right now about this one.

The metal horn. They're not horns, but they're like horns.

He thinks the plugs in the neck. They're bolts. Yeah. These are horns. Little horns. Dickie, we're still doing that. We're still doing this show.

Go ahead. Go ahead. Go ahead. Back. Yeah. OK. Can you say my name one more time?

Joan. That'll get me through the week. Wow. I want I want to plug. Look, if you have a lot of time in order to watch stuff, go ahead and watch the comedy Bang Bang television show. All 110 episodes out there on Netflix right now.

Also, Michael Bolton's big speaking of bolts, big sexy Valentine's Day special and the between two ferns movie.

All of those are on Netflix right now. Check them out if you have several hours. There's a show that I've discovered on Pluto TV called Billion Dollar Properties.

Funny show. There's four seasons of it and a lot of fun.

Just like just like the year.

Just like just like the year. Yes. So there's a there's a winter season. There's a summer season. It's it's. And then and then it's over.

And if I may. Oh, go on, go on. Oh, no, please, Joan. No, no finish. Well, there's there's a wonderful performers on there.

People like Ryan Gall, Nicole Parker, Paul F. Tompkins. It's it's a it's a wonderful show.

Yeah, I would definitely check it out. And it's free. And Pluto TV. And there's there's a movie called Disaster Movie.

And I wouldn't recommend it. You know, the people in that movie thought it'd be fun to do as a summer job.

And it was just a poor choice. And lots of teenagers like it and keep bringing it up. And if I were you, I just would avoid it.

Is that like one of those like epic movie, like like parody movies? Those terrible things. Oh, yeah.

I remember those. Can we believe anyone did those? I once.

Steer clear, steer clear.

I once went to one of those with a friend who thought it would be funny to laugh anytime a joke was made.

Like anytime a joke was intended. Not not anytime something funny happened, but anytime that a joke.

Well, I don't know if he would. But I'd wait a long time probably for that. No, no.

I mean, it's it was it was a great experience to like because they're trying to make jokes every 10 seconds or so.

And he would just and he would just go, ha ha ha ha. After every single one. It was it was very fun.

So if you are going to watch Disaster Movie, go ahead and try to do that during it.

You know, another fun game, I used to play this with a friend of mine. He's dead now.

Oh, we would watch from watch from he had a heart attack.

We would watch that's unrelated. We would watch this game to this game.

We will watch sitcoms. And the idea is you you try to laugh for the the duration and intensity that the studio audience is laughing.

It's it's more difficult than you think. And it makes you feel like you're going crazy.

Like watch Big Bang Theory and try to match the last exactly. It's nuts. It is not fun.

Definitely want to play that game. Do it. Do it with another person, though. Don't do it by yourself, because I think it might be like one of those cursed books that makes a man go mad.

A lot of people say that with Dracula, you want to go glow in the dark.

OK, but I say go classic white every time.

OK, look, look, let's close up the old plug bag.

You start with a C when you want to close it up, you lead with an L and then you oh.

The blood bag. Take your hand and open it up. Then Horatio comes in and he just says.

Open up the plug bag. Open it up. Open it up.

The plug bag.

Everybody opens up the plug bag. Open it up. Open it up.

Oh, you know what I got to say? In these troubled times, a song like that really makes everything feel all right.

It really soothes the savage breast. It's like it's like a bomb. Oh, you hate it.

I wouldn't go that far. I would just say I would not 100 percent agree. But to each his own, as I say.

Thank you very much. Yes. Dickie, you were saying something?

No, I said savage breast and I said like a like a tit.

Oh, I got to go, you guys. I got to get in trouble.

This is getting me enraged. My fists are clenching again. I really want to make you red.

We're going to we're going to end the show. Thank you to our guests.

Joan and Bern. So great to talk to you. Everyone listen to that show. It's a very funny show.

Yeah. Although I don't know whether you mean it for it to be funny, but I enjoy and laugh at it.

Not like Big Bang Theory laughing at it. Like not insanely like that. But we have fun.

We have fun. We do. We do try to be funny. Right. All right.

And, Dickie, check it. Check out your Web site, obviously.

Please. Take my day, Doug.

And then backslash whatever you're interested in. That's right. Now, see you all soon in person.

Please don't. So I don't have a janitor's closet, nor do I have any vegetables or any meat anywhere in the house.

My apartment with a broken bed is not a kingdom. Everybody's got some candy somewhere.

Oh, no. OK, we'll see you next time. Thanks. Bye bye.

Heroes.

you Thank you.
