---
layout: page
title: 648. Alan Yang, Lauren Lapkus, Mike Castle [https：⧸⧸cloudfront.wolfpub.io⧸CBB-648-20200401-LapkusCastleYang-BMv03-PW.mp3].mp3.wav
category: cbb 
---

♪♪♪ I hate to be a pedant, but I believe it's actually pronounced these testicles. Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

Uh, thank you to Tooty Butt Tooty Butt for that catchphrase submission.

Thank you so much for lightening our mood. Tooty Butt Tooty Butt.

Uh, welcome to Comedy Bang Bang for another edition, and my name is Scott Aukerman, and America's Podcast, here we are for another episode.

And we're deep in America's quarantine, as well as the quarantine of several different countries, and, uh, you know, we're not gonna stop.

We're gonna keep putting out shows, don't you worry about that, and we're gonna be right here with you during all these times, troubled or, for some of you it might be great getting to stay away from all the assholes in the world.

That's kind of my point of view right now. I have been practicing social distancing my entire life, I feel like, so.

Um, we have a great show coming up a little bit later, we have an entertainer, that's exciting, he's a writer, a director, a producer, an Emmy Award winner, that's, uh, boy, that gives us a lot of material to talk to, this is very exciting.

We also have a salesman, so that will be coming up a little later in our program, and, uh, before we get to that, I've been quarantined here in the house for a few weeks, as long as everyone else has been doing it, and no one in or out other than family, and speaking of family, I want to introduce my nephew Todd. Hello, Todd.

Well, you consider me family now?

I mean, you, I, what I mean to say is you're living here with, with me.

Well, to be fair, I'm recording live from my crate, and we're not in the same room.

Yeah, that's right, well, I have to crate Todd, for those of you who don't know, Todd is my sister's boy, and, uh, he's a very disobedient child, and, uh, I feel like I have to crate him occasionally during the afternoons in order to make- You feel like you have to crate me? But- In order to make sure that you don't- You just feel like you have to.

You don't shit on the floor, or do anything else like that.

You wish I would.

So you'd have something to paint with.

How have you been, Todd? How's the quarantine been?

Bad. Bad. Hungry.

Yeah.

Can I have food now?

No, I told you before this all started, buy your own refrigerator. And you didn't take me up on it.

I didn't have anywhere to get to Best Buy.

Well, that doesn't stop a lot of enter- uh, you know, enterprising young men from going down there and hanging out outside looking for work.

What do you know about young men who are enterprising outside of Best Buy? Dirty ass?

Todd, uh, I'm sorry, but, uh, my food, my house, my rules.

And rule number one, you don't get any.

That sucks.

Yeah.

You know what I've been eating?

What?

Toilet paper.

You've been eating our toilet paper? We've been running out of that!

One package per family, Todd!

Well, deal with it. It'd be a good day, dumb-dumb. Wash my nuts in the shower.

You think that's what a bidet is? Is me washing your nuts in the shower?

Yeah.

Uh, Todd, uh, you haven't been back to school. Where- how old are you again?

Middle school.

Right. So you have- I'm doing Zoom school.

Yeah, that's right. What does that mean?

It means I sign on to all the OnlyFans that I love and watch the ladies dance.

I feel like no one is gonna learn anything this year. I mean, if it's up to us to- to school our children- You're supposed to be homeschooling me!

Well, I'm sorry, but I have other stuff I have to do. I have my hobbies. I can finally attend to everything.

Like such as?

Well, you know, I, uh, I'm a voracious reader. I mean, I read the headlines. I read the tweets about the headlines.

There you go.

Honesty is the best policy. You always scream.

What's that from? Is that from a book?

That's what you're always screaming as you fall asleep.

Um, we- it's very tough in here. It's a one-bedroom house and, uh, Todd- Yeah, right. That's what he always tells me, but he- he just locks all the big doors.

I don't know where all the rooms are, but I know there are more than one.

Well, it's a one-bedroom house according to you. According to Cool Up, it's a five-bedroom house.

Yeah, exactly.

Could I meet her, please?

No, no. I don't want you, uh, tainting your, uh, I don't want you offering your tainted opinions of me to her.

You don't want me offering my taint?

What- You phrased it that way.

What do you want to achieve while- a lot of people are talking about Shakespeare. He wrote King Lear when he was under quarantine. What do you want to achieve?

Well, I've been working on my reading. Do you want me to read some?

Yeah. What are you reading? Really?

Let me get a book. Yeah.

Okay.

Here, I'm reading.

What book is that?

The book I pulled up is called The Universe in Zero Words.

It's just a bunch of blank pages?

But no, it's not words.

That's a great way to write a book.

That would just be ironic.

Okay, so you're going to read from this book?

Yeah. Just to show you my skills. Okay?

Okay. You're reading skills. Okay, you're not reading in order to read me something interesting. You're just showing me reading skills?

Yeah.

Okay. What do you got? Let's hear it.

Are you going to be impressed?

Okay.

The story is attested by two sources. One of whom is the famous French Vorteur Vauter who heard it personally from Newton's Nieus. Hardly the sort of stupid, hababber two men that gossip.

One might think of the story as a highly encoded version of what actually happened, but if you do not know the code, then you end up with a cartoonish story that got so vigorously objected to.

Who taught you those dirty words?

Who taught you to read like that, Todd?

I didn't retain anything I read.

Okay. Well, that's all right. As long as you don't understand anything, I think it's okay that you're reading.

Yeah, I don't know what I'm saying.

Okay, good. Do you enjoy reading?

No.

It's hard.

Do you miss anything about school?

I miss my friend. I miss my teacher I love.

Oh, that's right. Who was the teacher that you were in love with?

Oh, I've had a couple crushes over the years due to the fact that...horny.

Right, of course.

Well, right now I'm in love with my teacher, Mr. Grass.

What's your daily routine, Todd?

All right, here it is.

Okay, well, tell me what time the clock starts in your mind.

Okay, yeah, because I keep no clocks in the house because I want to keep you disoriented at all times.

I never know what day it is, what month it is, what year it is.

Usually you wake up, I'm going to tell you a little secret, you wake up about 3.30 a.m. and you think it's morning.

What?

Yeah.

Am I a fricking sim?

You might be. I actually think you might be. I'm not sure.

Okay, let's find out. Here's how I walk through my day.

I walk up to you in the kitchen and go, I don't know, dabba dabba dabba dabba, and like a sailboat pops above my head.

I think you might be a sim.

My green diamond spins.

If you're a green diamond spins, you might be a sim.

When I swim in the pool, I drown and then I'm a ghost and then I turn into an urn.

So what? Am I a sim?

Yeah, I do believe you are a sim.

I do believe.

No, but what are you doing all day?

I guess I wake up at 3.30. To me, that's 9.

Sure.

Because I think it's normal.

Okay, roll out of my crate. Well, roll to the edge of the crate, bang, bang, bang.

Use my stick to bang on the outside.

You start whimpering. That's how I know that you have to go potty.

You lift me up, put me on your back and take me to the toilet. You sit on the toilet and I sit on your back still.

And it runs down my back.

I mean, it saves water.

We're in the midst of a pandemic. We need to be saving all of our resources.

Water's not a problem. I'm trying to tell you.

Okay, so then, watch, sit on your back. Then you throw me in the shower, turn it on cold.

Right. It's on hot because I've already taken mine. I turned it on to cold.

You have me sit on your back after you shower because you like to just have it around on you all day.

You throw me in the shower to clean myself.

We're up to about 3.45 a.m.

Yeah.

What do you do the rest of the day?

Well, then I put on the sailor outfit you sewed for me.

I march around and do my sailor calls.

It's sort of a Gene Kelly and on the town kind of homage.

Yeah, I do like a little tap dance, but that's because you put tacks all over the ground and I'm like, Ow, ow, ow, ow, ow, ow, but you're like, good one.

You're dancing with Tom of Tom and Jerry fame.

Yeah, and then I dance with Tom Nook from Animal Crossing.

And you dance with Tom from MySpace.

And then I call Tom Green and just do a dance for him.

And that takes us all the way up to about 5 p.m.

Then I'm starving.

Then I need food.

Right.

Then you give me my oatmeal, which you give me one grain a day, but it's cooked.

If you put water on it, it expands.

That's what you always say.

Right.

About everything.

And by the way, it's not true.

I've been trying with a lot of different things.

Yeah.

I've been doing my science classes at home trying to make things expand.

Really?

Do you still have the grown man's penis that you got when you made the wish on the big Zoltar machine?

And then when you came back to your own size, suddenly that's the one part of you that didn't revert back?

Yeah, because I guess the thing with the Zoltar machine is you're supposed to be really specific.

And when I said I want to be big, I did get to be 30 and I got a big dick.

And then when I said I want to be me again, they just kind of were like, well, parts of you are this.

Right.

And you wanted to be big.

You wanted to be 20 feet tall, but they just made you- I wanted to be huge.

They made you 30 instead.

I wanted to be Slender Man.

That's the whole- You have a Slender Man vibe about you.

Just the way you're always sneaking up on me.

Well, I always think you're like Slender Man because you wear that really long top hat and then try to kill children.

It's not a long top hat.

It's a tall top hat.

Oh, okay.

I wear the long trench coat.

And do you say that your dick's not small?

It's short?

It's not tall.

Certainly.

It's not short.

It's small.

Well, I mean, we may be locked down for quite a few months here.

I hope that we don't get on each other's nerves.

Well, I just wanted to give all the listeners some suggestions to keep busy during quarantine based off of some of the stuff we're doing.

Is this like a new segment on the show that you want to do?

Um, yes.

What do you want to call it?

Quaran-Tod.

Okay, so do we have any theme music for Quaran-Tod?

Do you, uh- Yeah, I'll rap it.

Okay, here we go.

Yo, I'm stuck inside. Help!

That's not a rap. You can't just say a sentence and then say it's a rap because you said it in sort of a New York accent.

Didn't you hear the beat?

It sounds like you're just doing your sim language again.

Anyhow, so- Okay, what are your tips?

Number one, ways to stay busy.

Do your Scott puzzle.

In our house, we have a hundred Scott puzzles that he made over the years, and I'm sure everyone has them because they are- you told me it's the only way puzzles look.

Right, they're all of my face just with slight variations, so you never know- and by the way, all the pieces to all of the puzzles are all mixed up, so you never know exactly which puzzle you're doing.

You put them into the washbasin, all the pieces, they fill up to about here, your neck, and then you kind of swim around in them, and then the game is you toss out a few, see if they link up, and if they don't, you do that all day until you find some that do.

Right.

So that should keep you busy for about a day.

Second thing is, can I share one of the things you do?

Oh sure, yeah, go ahead.

You're an open book?

I mean, I try to be with my listeners.

Wow.

So, what you- one thing Scott does to keep busy is he gets in bed, he takes off all his clothes, except for his dick sock, lays on top of the duvet because he says it's the fluffiest.

Grabs the headboard behind him, attaches his handcuffs himself, goes cross-eyed, which he says hurts.

Well I scream, ow, my cross-eyes, my cross-eyes, they hurt, they hurt.

He screams at me to get the video camera, which is from the 90s, turn it on, he says zoom in on every part of me, then he's like, okay, now take that tape and send it to AFV and get us $10,000.

Well, I'm hoping to win at some point.

At some point I'm hoping some sort of accident happens while you're taping me. Like I get hit in the balls or something.

Wait, so you don't think this is funny how it is? You think it's not funny? That's just a serious video, you're hoping an accident will happen?

I've started to suspect that it's not as funny as it should be, so I'm hoping something hits me in the balls during one of these.

Yeah, we'll work on that.

Okay, one last tip to keep everyone entertained in the quarantine is to go on Netflix and watch comedy Bang Bang.

Can I have my five bucks now?

All right, here's your $5.

Thanks.

What are you going to buy with it, Todd? I'm worried you're going to...

One condom.

You're going to buy one condom?

Condom.

What use do you have for one condom?

I'm going to put it on my microphone and fuck myself.

Okay. All right, Todd, thanks so much for your tips. We need to get to our guest. Is that all right? Our guest of honor?

Yes, please. I'm so grateful to hear another voice.

Yeah, he's coming to us from, it looks like a palatial estate. From my view, you have an incredible view of the tops of a lot of different houses.

What's the bright behind him?

I'm quarantining at Hearst Castle.

At Hearst Castle, really?

I live there, yeah. They don't know that, but yeah.

Is Chris Hartwick there?

Yeah, he's swimming laps in the pool.

I would imagine that he immediately took off for San Luis Obispo.

He's asking who gets points. He's in the pool swimming. He's giving out points to the raccoons.

I guess I do.

He is, Alan, have you been on the podcast before? I know you were on the TV show.

No, first time on the podcast.

First time on the podcast. He was a writer and producer on Parks and Rec. He was a co-creator and producer of the show Master of None, which he received an Emmy for writing.

He was the creator of Amazon's Forever, which had one of my favorite episodes of any TV show from a couple of years back when it came out.

And now his directorial film debut is coming out on Netflix this Friday. It's called Tiger Tale. Please welcome to the show Alan Yang. Hello, Alan.

Woo! Thanks for having me. Very exciting.

Todd just gave you a woo.

Very exciting. Thanks, Todd.

That makes you feel alright?

Todd, are you done fucking your microphone?

Yeah, I'm good now.

What do you think of Todd? You're getting your first glimpse of Todd here through the Wonders of Video conference technology. Todd's in middle school, but he has a grown man's penis. What do you think of that?

That's cool. That's like when you're talking about a middle school kid.

That's the dream.

When Scott describes a middle school kid, he first goes to the penis, just describes what the penis is like. No personality characteristics.

So you know that to be true, because that's what I've noticed.

Alan, you, let's talk about the movie first. You have this movie Tiger Tale that's coming out this Friday. Are you worried that people are going to think it's Tiger King and they're just going to watch that?

I'm actively promoting that it is Tiger King. At the very least, it's a sequel. I've been saying, yeah, it may start with 45 minutes of Asian people talking to each other, but then at minute 45, Joe Exotic does appear.

So just sit tight, you know, and then you'll see what happens.

Do you think you might actually get some runoff from it from just having Tiger in the title? Like you may also be interested in Tiger Tale.

100%. I want there to be brand confusion. I think like I do.

Confusion in the marketplace.

Yeah. It's just like, you know, actually my dream is like a month from now because again, in all seriousness, it could not be more different from what Tiger King is.

And so like I want like in a month when everyone's quarantined and is going insane, be like, all right, are you a Tiger King type of person or a Tiger Tale type of person?

Because they could not be more different.

So it's sort of like the opposite of Tiger King. So, so it's like when you say the opposite, it's, it's not about a guy.

It's about a woman.

It's about, it's about lions. No, it's the exact same plot.

Just about lions.

It's an intergenerational Taiwanese American family drama.

It's not a documentary. It's not about a crazy Oklahoman guy who runs an illegal zoo and then runs for governor.

So yeah, I think, I think it's like they're pretty different, but I'll take all the audience I can get, man. I, you know, it's just, just keep spreading that it's a sequel.

Maybe I'll get some more viewers.

Are you, okay, so you, this is your, the first movie that you've directed. You directed some episodes. I know you directed, uh, what's the show with Darcy on it and, uh, Good Place.

Yeah. So I've directed, yes, I've directed, Todd, shut up.

I'm trying to interview Alan.

It's called The Good Place. It's called The Good Place. I would have gotten to it.

I don't need you interrupting me constantly, Todd. I did Parks and Good Place and Master in Forever. So I have some TV experience. So yeah, but, uh, the Darcy show, I call it the Darcy show.

Of course. But this is the first movie you've directed. And is it sort of tonally different from these other things that you've done? I mean, yes, it's a drama.

So, you know, obviously some of these shows are comedies and, and they're not extremely crazy comedies, not all of them, you know, forever. For instance, I think the episode you're talking about is, is, is a little bit more dramatic, but yeah, this is full dramatic.

Um, do not go into this expecting a laugh riot because you'll be disappointed, but, uh, it is, it is, uh, based on my family story and, uh, it's very personal and, uh, it's a little serious.

Would you be upset if I, if I called you after I watched it and I have not watched it yet, by the way, uh, and I was just totally serious. I was like, Oh my God, that was so funny, man. Congratulations. That was such a funny movie.

I think I would call Cool Up and say, I think Scott has gone insane. Like I would get out of the house. He had like called the cops because, uh, he's, something is, he has a screw loose.

You would just hold up a sign that had a picture of a screw and then plus, and then a ball. Yeah. I turned into Wile E.

Coyote.

Well, if you want to call the cops and report Scott, you could do that now. I might as well, you know, let's just do it for fun. See what happens. I've disconnected the phones.

I think Todd is working some sort of work around trying because I've disconnected all the phones around here.

So he doesn't call child protective services. I reached, I reached child protective services through a banana yesterday.

So, uh, uh, Tiger Tail, can you give us, you, you said it's a drama and it's about your family. Uh, all dramas are just a bunch of people trapped in one place, just kind of yelling at each other. Right?

Yeah. But in this movie, since it's Asian people, they're not yelling. They're just silently hating each other. There's no communication. So it's more about them not yelling at each other, but wishing they could.

20 years goes by and just, uh, an unkind word is said.

Yeah. Hey man, you just described the movie that that should be the log line on Netflix.

But what, what exactly is it, uh, about? It's about a family.

Yeah, it's a family story and it centers on the dad character and it starts with him as a young man in Taiwan.

He's very passionate. He's very cool. In the, the actor we cast, uh, Hong Chi Lee is very charismatic.

He looks like an Asian James Dean and you see him full of passion and he's in love and he's trying to take care of his mom who's a single mother. Um, and eventually he, uh, makes some sacrifices and comes to America, which is what my parents did.

And they moved to the Bronx. So then it chronicles them in the Bronx and, and it's about their kind of trials and tribulations as they, they try to, uh, live their lives in a country that is not the friendliest to them to begin with.

And everyone gets mad at each other and they scream at each other and they, they, does anyone have like a big powerful monologue that they're like, no, you don't understand?

Yeah. There's this really powerful monologue. And then, uh, doc Antle comes in with a tiger and the tiger eats my mom.

What?

Yeah. It's a bit of a spoiler, but you know, that happens in minute three. So I feel like it's really a, there's a lot going on, but yeah, no, it's, uh, um, it's actually a very, uh, very quiet movie.

Until the tigers come in.

Is, is this a good time for a movie to come out now that everyone's been like trapped in their house or is this?

Yeah. Well, you know, obviously we have mixed feelings because we had a theatrical release and you know, we're not going to get to do a premiere or any of that stuff that, that, you know, kind of celebrates the movie and the people who helped made it.

You just brought up an interesting point to me, not to get too inside baseball about films, but you were going to have a theatrical recent release in order to qualify for the Oscars.

But all theaters are shut down indefinitely. Do you think the Academy awards will just, uh, bypass that?

Yeah.

Just say like, Hey, whatever, whatever movies are out, look, we'll take at this point, bad boys for life is the only thing that's come out. We'll take it.

And bloodshot.

They, I know for a fact they did bypass it cause they sent me an Oscar already. I don't know what it's for.

Yeah. They just sent it to me. So they bypass it. Doesn't, you know, you don't even have to have made a movie. They just will send it to you.

Oh my God. You're holding it up right now.

Yeah. It's, it's a, it's, it's, it's, Todd, you're reaching for that condom.

Yeah. Well, that little gold man looks like just right.

Perfect fit. Uh, yeah, I, I, I think they're going to loosen the restrictions. I think the Golden Globes did it or something, but, uh, yeah.

So I look, I mean, I feel lucky that we are Netflix because it's a service that a lot of people have and, uh, people are stuck with nothing to do.

So, uh, uh, maybe they won't be so scared to watch something with subtitles.

Yeah. And how many subtitles would you say? How many words are subtitled?

Uh, there's only like three words in the movie, so it's two of them are subtitles. And then the third one is hello and one is goodbye.

Yeah. It's really crazy. Uh, no, it is, it is exciting, man.

I mean, the movie has, uh, Taiwanese, Mandarin and English in it. So I was excited about that.

You know, you know, I, I, the trailer has been going around, I tweeted it out a couple of days ago and a lot of people were saying, yeah, it's the first trailer they've ever seen with those three specific languages in it. So that's kind of cool.

Do you speak all three of those?

I barely speak one of them. I can speak English, but, uh, my Taiwanese is really, really bad. And my Mandarin is also very bad. Uh, it, it, it posed some issues.

You know, a lot of the actors in the movie only speak Mandarin. And so I worked through a translator, uh, but my, my Mandarin did get better over the course of the movie.

My parents spoke Mandarin to me growing up, so I understand a tiny bit.

Were you ever watching a take and, and you have no idea if they did it well or not, and you kind of look at your translator and just shrug, like, I don't know. And he just kind of goes, I don't know either. And you go, all right, cut print. I guess.

And you realize your translator doesn't speak Mandarin either and you hired.

And you just like, you could subtitle it however you want.

No one's going to know.

That's kind of, no, I was like, that's kind of what I've been doing. No, but it was a thing like where sometimes people didn't know how much Mandarin I spoke.

So I would give notes to the translator to give to the actors. And at one point we were in Taiwan, deep in a shooting and I heard him give the note and he gave the note and then just started making other stuff up.

He's like, yeah, for this one, pretend it's like the first time you guys have met. I was like, no, no, no, no.

And he's adding notes. Yeah. He didn't know that I could understand. So, uh, I think he was a little bit more on his toes after that.

Oh man. That's like when Scott tries to speak a different language and things I don't understand, but it's really just him talking really slow.

That's not much of a secret language, Scott. I mean, you're dumb.

Well, it's, uh, I mean, from what I understand, it's a powerful, powerful movie. I mean, this is just you telling me about it at a party a few months back and, uh, it's, uh, uh, I'm really excited to see it.

I can't wait to see it and I'm excited for you. I mean, that's a, an incredible achievement. You, where did you film it?

Uh, it was basically in New York and Taiwan. So a lot of the past sequences occur in Taiwan and then, uh, we moved to the Bronx and then Manhattan. Um, so yeah, it was a really, it was a really crazy shoot as well. It was traveling all over the place.

You get any of that New York pizza while you were there?

Uh, yeah, we, uh, it was the only thing we served at crafty.

So they would come around pizza and, uh, People start complaining like, could we have something other than pizza? Hey, it's all in the water here.

I think that's how I respond. Yes. I kept talking about the water.

Um, Alan, you, you worked on parks and rec and you, uh, uh, worked on that since the beginning or, or season one even season one. Yeah. 125 episodes.

Wow. And you, uh, uh, it's, it's, I'm not, I'm not lying when I say that you were a pretty tight with our good friend Harris Whittles who was on the show several times.

Right?

Yeah. Legendary, uh, CBB guest, Harris Whittles.

That's right. Do you have any funny stories about him, uh, being in, in parks and rec?

Uh, there's almost too many. I think, uh, I think this will, uh, I'm not sure if this besmirches his legacy, but I think he would like this story actually.

I don't think his legacy can be besmirched at this point.

No, I think so. This, this might reflect poorly on him.

Maybe it's funny, whatever. There was a, uh, uh, like a harassment seminar, uh, email going around with like everybody on the entire crew and like executives and stuff were on it.

And they were all CC'd on this. Not be on this. Not BCC'd.

Everyone was CC'd on it.

Very clearly. I don't know why they sent this email like this, but.

So it's like a hundred people or something like that.

Yes, it's a massive email.

And it's instructions of, of how to, when this, when the sexual harassment seminar is going to be.

Exactly. And again, this was, I gotta say, preface it by saying this was a slightly different time. This was like eight years ago or whatever. It was a long time ago.

And, and, uh, the, the email basically ended with, uh, there, there will be bagels served at the meeting. And then Harris replied all almost immediately, will the bagels be shaped like pussies?

Which is really inappropriate. Just a horrifying thing to write, much less CC every, you can't do that.

Everyone, including the network brass.

Yeah, just like, are you insane? I don't know why he did that.

Nowadays that would get you reprimanded or fired immediately.

Of course, it probably should have gotten fired then. But, but it, but again, it was a slightly different time and I hope that doesn't come off badly and reflect poorly on him.

But, uh, that was kind of the kind of person who he was. He would just do anything for a joke and he was just, uh, you know, the, one of the world's most likable people, despite all of the horrible things he said.

Right. And now if you, if, if you're a new listener to this show and you haven't heard all of his episodes, uh, and this is the first thing you're hearing from him.

Don't let that horrifying story, you know, we should probably edit that story out. It's, it's, it's, uh, I hope his parents don't listen to common.

I actually think it's in, it's in some way. I think it's in Sarah's book. Oh, really? The story is out there.

Then sue Sarah.

Well, um, we need to take a break, but, uh, Alan, you can stick around, uh, throughout the show. Is that, is that right?

Can I stay?

Well, yeah. I mean, I don't want to let you out of my eyesight at this point.

Okay.

Stop doing that. Stop twirling.

Well, I'm in your eyesight.

All right. We need to take a break. Uh, when we come back, we have a salesman. That's very exciting.

Uh, we will be right back with more Alan Yang, more with my nephew, Todd. We'll be right back with more comedy bang bang after this.

Comedy bang bang. We are back here. Uh, we have Alan Yang, a writer and director producer as well. Are you, are you triple having it?

You know, throw that in there. Just what is it? Yeah. But you, you, yeah, you produced the movie, right?

Yeah. Do you get a little PGA next to your name?

Uh, I decided not to join the producer's Guild. I got an email about the producer's Guild asking if I wanted to join.

And I asked, uh, my friend, Morgan Sackett, who produces Parks and Rec. I'm like, what is this? He's like, it's a scam to make money or something.

So I remember. Right. Yeah. I know I, I, for the between two ferns movie, I sort of felt the same way.

But then, uh, what I didn't know is you don't have to join to get that PGA thing on it.

And the PGA thing that's next to everyone's name. It's for who worked the hardest. Oh no.

Well, it's going to be revealed when the credits come out.

I don't think anyone has one. So I guess no one worked on the movie.

How do they know, Todd? Because everyone has to write an essay about what they did on the film, producing wise.

And then they award it of like, oh, this person worked the hardest. This person. Yeah, it's crazy.

Anyways, so, uh, Zach and I did not originally did not get one because neither of us cared about the between two ferns movie.

And then we heard that and we were like, fuck this. So we each wrote, we wrote them like glowing essays.

Novel link essays. Yeah, exactly. And they finally gave it to us.

Anyway, uh, Alan Yang is here. Tiger tail is the movie, uh, out this Friday on Netflix.

Uh, how many reels are we talking? Uh, it's a 30 30 30 reels.

It's a hundred hours long. Crazy. Hey, look, we have the time these days.

Uh, also my nephew Todd is here. Todd, what have you been doing? What were you doing during the break?

Well, but you just didn't understand what I was doing or you want me to tell everyone?

Well, I mean, my eyes could barely comprehend it, but yeah, why don't you tell everyone you should uncross them sometimes.

I was sticking. I was pogo sticking on a homemade pogo stick. Yeah.

What does that cushion? Yeah, but that's, I mean, that's not the part that your, your, your feet are on the couch cushion.

What I mean, what's the couch? Is that cleared up? Okay.

Thank you.

Uh, we need to go to our next guest. He, uh, this is exciting. We, Alan, have you ever talked to a salesman before?

Uh, no, I always just shut the door in their faces. So they come to the house these days. Yeah, I live in the 1950s.

So traveling salesman are always coming to my house with their vacuums. Yeah. Right after the milkman. So yeah.

Well, I don't know what kind of salesman he is. Uh, uh, we'll certainly, that'll be probably one of the very first questions that I ask unless one of you guys beats me to it.

I don't know. Maybe the race is on here to see who's going to ask this question first about what kind of salesman he is, but, uh, please welcome to the show.

Gigantic Dan. Oh my God. Thank you so much for having me. I am overjoyed. You are. Okay.

Well, I mean, I love having people who really want to be on the show. I'm like Todd here. What's your favorite color?

Beat you, beat your ass.

Not to the question that, I mean, you beat me to a question certainly, but not the question we were talking about, but, but I do want to hear this. What is your favorite color?

Brown. Yuck. How is that anyone's favorite color? Yeah.

Well, I have a whole story behind it if you want to hear that, but let me ask you first. Have you seen me? Did you see my shark tank episode?

I did not see your shark tank episode, but I do want to hear the story. Great. Uncle Scott makes me edit every shark tank episode to just be the part where they walk in and out of the room.

He tries to guess if they made a sale. They sold the company. I can tell just from the walks in body language, just from body language and body cues of whether they have what it takes.

Damon's going to invest. Damon's going to invest. And then he's going to ask for 15% of the company. He says he hates to watch them come, but he loves to watch them leave.

You have a shark tank just the exits. That's also one. Just exits. Yep. Exits.

I did not make a deal. I, uh, we got, I got close with Barbara, but I ended up not making a deal. They said that my operation was too small. Did you get close to her? Like romantically? No, I did not. No, I did not. You did not.

Okay.

So you, you were on shark tank. Uh, but I want to, I want to hear this dynamite Brown story. Okay, great. Well, I am a door to door door salesman. So I go door to door and I miss, maybe I misheard you. You're a door to door salesman.

I'm a door to door door salesman. I go door to door and I check out their doors and I try and sell them on a new door that I'll I'll I've made myself that you've made yourself.

Oh, that's correct. Yes. Okay. That's interesting.

I make all doors out of plywood and are you carrying them around on your back as you go door to door? Yeah, I carry six of them on my back at a given time. It's a, I've heard it's pretty strange to look at, but I got to tell you a very important detail about myself.

I am legally a giant legally. Now, legally speaking, I'm a giant. When you say legally, legally, isn't that above six, seven or something like that? I am 10 foot one.

I know, I know, I know, I know, I know. I was wondering because you're on video conferencing here and all I can see is your chest. Yeah. And it's huge. Right? It's very broad.

It's very wide. It looks like, um, Kylo Ren.

I am seven feet wide. Wow. You're right. You see Santa Cruz sweatshirt with a banana slug on it. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.

Do you just like to not go there? But it's very hard to find my sizes. Is that like made out of a, oh, it's two blankets sewn together. Correct.

So every shirt you wear is a poncho. Yeah, but they're, they're tight. They can get tight even though it's a poncho.

So if I see, if I see a 10 foot tall man wearing a poncho carrying six doors on his back, it's almost certainly me.

Almost certainly.

Yes. Now let me tell you a little bit about why doors and why I love doors and the color Brown. Okay. I do have to ask gigantic Dan, you seemed like you were about to answer my question about the color Brown and then you, you sidestepped it and just started talking about what you sell.

You know what? It's a, they're all related. Okay. So let me tell you about, let me go, let's go back to childhood. Okay.

Well, when I was seven years old, I, I, my head felt light and something happened and I passed out and I was in a coma for 14 years. Okay.

14 years. How old were you at the time? I was seven then I was in a coma for 14 years, missed my whole childhood all that time. So you got while you were in a coma, I woke up and it was out of control down there. Okay.

You're obsessed with the dicks of children. You're ill. You're mentally, mentally screwed. I'm just saying you woke up and you, you suddenly are of drinking age, depending on the state.

Sure. But the weirdest thing about it was that when I went into the coma, I was normal sized. And when I woke up, I was 10 foot one. I, it was unbelievable. The experience.

I should have gone into coma the whole time. Uncle Scott.

Oh, I wanted to get big. I went on a, on a Zoltar machine and I said, you made a wish. You took a shortcut. You could have just put yourself in a medically induced coma.

I could just bumped my dang head up. I just painted, I don't know what happened. I just fainted. And then I woke up a giant 14 years later when you say you were travels. Yeah.

Was it like all those travels?

I guess on some level, if you're all the lily putions or whatever, I guess. Yeah. It's kind of like, would you call me? I'm gonna kick your ass. Good luck, buddy. Across the phone lines.

When you say you were normal sized, when you went to sleep, what is normal sized for how old you were? At that point? I think I was exactly three feet. Exactly three feet. And you were seven years old. Okay. That's correct.

And then when you woke up, you had grown seven feet. That's that sounds right to me, the math there. Yeah. But then I guess one extra inch. And then the thing, and I want to tell you about the doors. The thing that happened then was that I, you know, they take me home. They barely know how to transport me there. They put me in the back.

Who is they? My adoptive parents, my regular ones, they, they cut out of there. Cause I guess it, it costs a lot of money to keep a giant well when they're in a coma. So wait a minute. So you, you had parents, you went to sleep, you were, you're in a coma.

Your parents decide to put you up for adoption and someone actually, someone actually adopts you while you're in a coma. They don't wait for you to get out. No, sir. They, these people, my, my new parents, they, they loved my gigantism.

They, they just loved it.

They thought it was become a giant by the time that you were readopted. Oh yeah. Yeah. Well I was adopted, I guess when I was 17 and I was just still in the coma, it was all happening. Why did you need to be adopted when you only had one year left to go until you were basically an adult?

Look, I had no say in this. All right. And I'm not going to take the adoption shaming right now. Okay. I don't know.

Sometimes kids really wish they had a parent and they really wish that someone would adopt them.

And if they just would, then everything would be okay. And it's really not that hard when you're actually an uncle to the person and you actually probably already have all the papers. You just don't want to sign them. Right? I think you're, you're wrong about that probably.

Okay. And so I get to the house, my new adoptive house, and they go, go on in son, I'm going to go in the garage. They got me all set up in the garage and I opened the door.

Right. And it's, this is a standard. You open the garage door. Yes. I open it, but you know, it was like barn doors.

You know, I opened them that way. And I, are they like them on doors? They were barn doors.

I guess they live in a giant, I guess. I don't know. It was all prepared before I got there. It was all because you're a giant. They moved to a barn. No, no, no. It was in the back. There was the garage area. And they, they gave me a little play place back there, even though I was an adult, but I still kind of had child impulses, but I was giant.

All right.

So they, they made these giant barn doors in order for you to fit into this. Correct. And the thing that happened that was so incredible and that changed the course of my life was I ripped those doors right off the hinges.

And it felt, I thought, you know what? I'm a giant and I'm proud of it. And what I want to do with my door to door, door, door, door to door, door to door, what I want to do with that is I want people to feel the strength that I felt that first time I opened a door when I was a giant.

And I just ripped it off the hinges. So my goal is to sell people the lightest doors imaginable so that when they are going home, that thing can just rip right off, rip right out of the frame there. So this is like disposable doors.

Oh yeah. Hyper-disposable. Yeah. Single use doors, essentially. Well, it kind of depends on how strong a person is, right? Because like your muscles, instead of, you know how Popeye's muscles go like bloop, yours go bloop.

And so Popeye's expand outward and you're saying mine contract and deflate and sag and droop. And then you'd be pulling on the door and you'd be like, it's like plywood.

It's so light. And you're like, I can't even get it. Oh, forget it. I'll just sleep outside.

Gigantic Dan, what would you do in a situation like that?

How would you sell me a door?

Well, gosh, in that case, you know what, sometimes occasionally when I, when I meet someone who is legally very weak, I will, I'll, I'll make them a door right out of Kleenex.

You can do it. It's not that hard. It is not that hard. You just, you gotta get, you gotta, you gotta make sure that the Kleenex gets sort of, you know, stronger, you know, sort of more closer to wood.

So you get a bunch of it together. Like double ply or something? I'm talking triple ply with the Kleenex. Triple ply. That's right. It just won't, that way it won't sway in the wind too much.

So that's like a KKK Kleenex, Kleenex, Kleenex. Yeah. It's just like that. I don't know about that. Alan, any opinion on this?

Well, you know, I think for Scott, we might need to go single ply and also wet it down a little bit. It's even weaker. With like a garden hose or? Yeah. Just, and it's also a single, it's a smaller version of a Kleenex. It's also really small.

This, but gigantic Dan, I'm worried about the safety here.

What about the safety aspect of these? Oh, that's totally valid question. That's an absolutely valid question. And I say, come on, get over it.

Oh, all right. I guess I was kind of not over it. You, you, you know, I go door to door and I'm selling these doors and I never go into the house cause I'm a giant and I don't want to scare anyone.

And so I stand out there and I explain it wouldn't, it should be better if you could just rip that door right off.

So you never go inside. Well, cause if you want to go inside, like how do you get in? Like, Oh, the doors are so low.

It very quickly becomes a Winnie the Pooh situation for me when I try to go into anyone's home. Like you get really hungry for honey. No, no, no. My butt, my butt gets stuck before I can get all the way in.

And then two people have to go from the outside to try and push me in. And I would think you would just duck and not, uh, well I guess you are wider than I was going to say, take into account. I am 10 foot one tall, but I am seven feet wide.

And how wide your ass? And my, my ass is, that's about a seven one back there. How deep are you? How deep are you?

Deep? I would say I'm about, uh, Hmm. That's a good question. I would say I'm about six feet deep.

What's your crack measurement here? My, my crack, that is actually a very funny question. It's the exact size of the doors I sell. Isn't that interesting? Interesting. You could slide them in like a credit card?

One time, uh, when I had five doors on my back, one fell off and I clenched really tight and I managed to actually catch it between the cheeks, which someone saw it and they laughed and laughed and laughed. And I was like, it's not funny. It's actually very impressive.

Did they buy a door from you at least? I mean, they're sitting here laughing.

The person who saw it was a child and they were laughing.

And then when I looked at them, they were so scared. They just ran, ran out of there. Oh no. Do they have a camcorder?

Were they taping it for America's funniest home videos?

Cause that sounds really funny.

To me, that is actually a hurtful question. Just in terms of question out of every question that hurtful. Like it's, that's my story to tell. I, uh, I apologize. I, I, I didn't mean to tell your story or, or there are things when it comes to being a giant that little guys, no offense. Like you, they just can't understand.

Get on your knees and beg forgiveness. I I'm, I'm so sorry.

You can see me on this video conferencing. I'm over, please forgive me, please. Recall that because I'm a giant, I have a giant heart.

Oh wow. I mean, I hope that that's not another medical issue for you. When you get this tall, all these things are medical issues. That's what people don't realize. That's are you married? I am not married. I'm voluntarily celibate.

So people are trying to have sex with you, but you're like, a lot of people, they're curious. They're trying to do it.

They just want to know what's going on in there. Like your uncle talked immediately about my pubes. A lot of people go and they go, well, what's the dick like? What does that thing look like? And it's gigantic. It's unbelievable, but it's unbelievable. Wow. Yeah, it is honestly gigantic compared to penises or normal for what your, a man your size would have. Isn't that the same thing?

Even for a man my size, it is. It looks, it's bigger. It's bigger than what a man your size should have. Yes, but it's in a way it is. I actually just find it humiliating, but this is like, like, so it's unbelievable.

All I can think about was how every morning uncle Scott wakes up and goes to his magnifying mirror and goes, yo, crumb believable on his dick. You're crumb believable from the chips.

I'm like, oh, wait, commercially love. That's true. So, so if, if, if someone took a picture of you naked and there was nothing next to you in order to, you know, there, you weren't standing next to a car or the Eiffel tower.

So no one there, there was no scale to know how big you were. They would still look at you and go, wow, that's a, that's a huge penis.

Yeah. In the one instance that I was photographed naked, I remember some, the guy who took it, it was a doctor. He was showing it around all these people and they were all, no one was laughing. No one was having fun. Everyone was extremely disturbed.

What was this instance that someone took a picture of you naked?

So as they were, uh, I, well, I was asleep, I guess during the time.

You were asleep? Oh no.

Yeah. Yeah. It's actually pretty dark stuff.

Was this like an Al Franken kind of situation or?

I'm not sure I get the reference. I, you know, I was in a coma for a long time.

Al Franken took a picture of a lady.

Oh, okay. Then yeah, I guess it's like that.

So it's, it's like a picture.

Yes. Correct. There was a picture of me while I was sleeping taken by another person.

This is like an, this is like an Ansel Adams type situation.

Again, I don't really follow.

It's like a photograph.

Then yes. Then it's like exactly like that.

Okay.

And so when I woke up, this picture had been framed on the, on the wall in, in the, wait, wait, was this another coma? How long were you out?

They were able to get to a framing store.

I'm saying this was, this was basically when I hit 20.

So I still had a year left in the coma.

They propped me up like some sort of King Kong type thing.

This is during the coma.

They took a picture of me naked.

Doctors walked around. They're all showing each other.

Everyone's very disturbed.

They propped you up like you were, you were on display like King Kong.

Yeah.

Were you chained?

They rotated the bed. I was chained. Yeah. But I, as I understand it, I did not need to be chained.

And that sounds like, like Uncle Scott's routine.

I was totally asleep. So I was no harm to anyone, but so I'm chained up.

They got this picture of me. They frame it on my wall.

I wake up and that's the first thing I see when I wake up is this giant.

So you wake up and you see a giant man. You think you're a child.

Yeah.

Because you, you've not looked in a mirror. You haven't felt your body.

Correct.

You, uh, you, there's just a giant naked man staring at you.

And recall, I went into a coma when I was seven years old.

So I didn't really understand what a penis was even supposed to look like.

But right when I saw the thing I'm I've now have, I was extremely disturbed, but I also didn't understand what I was seeing. So are you, are you ashamed of it? I'm sorry, Todd. But.

No, I just was like wondering if like, when you're a, uh, when you go in a coma as a kid and you wake up as a giant, when like you look at your hands and stuff, it's still your eyes looking.

Like you still think that that's proportionate. Yeah.

Not really.

I think that that happens when you grow up and you are remembering every moment of your life up to the point when you're looking at your hands and you go, they haven't changed that much.

Cause there's not a really distinct difference happening over time.

But when you can tell that you're, you're bigger than you used to be.

When you, when you've been in a coma for 14 years and you have gotten seven feet taller, you do notice when you look at your hands, you don't go, those are my normal kid hands. Cause they're, they're so large that it's, it's actually the first time I touched my own face. I was very scared.

Yeah. Those things are like ship anchors.

That's right. But again, I find that a little offensive, but it's fine.

I'm just making observations, but Todd, you wanted to ask about when he's holding a cup.

When you hold a cup, when you hold a cup, when you hold a cup.

I don't hold cups so I can just stop you right there. I, I forgot.

How do you drink entirely?

We have Rube Goldberg machines set up wherever I live that have like a big straw thing at the top. I kind of lap it up like a gerbil.

Did the actual Rube Goldberg construct these for you?

I'm not, I'm totally sure.

My parents did it when I was in that coma or my adoptive parents.

Your adoptive parents. Okay. Setting up the barn.

And so when I got there, it was all ready to go.

So they had a lot of faith that you were going to wake up out of this coma at a certain point. So they'd set up all this stuff for you.

I think so. But one of my, I have one adoptive brother as well.

And he told me he thinks that even if I didn't wake up, they were going to set me up in there for people to come in and look at.

Oh.

I don't hold it against him. I don't hold it against him.

So do you think waking up?

What's your brother's size?

Yeah. When you say regular, how, what are you talking?

He's like six foot, six, five. I don't know.

You don't know because he's, he's so much shorter than you.

I can't really figure it out.

He could be four, eight, as far as you know, he's just way down lower than you.

Yeah. Yeah. He looks very small.

Right. Yeah. Okay. Well, look, this is a fascinating story.

I want to hear a little bit more about some of these details.

Yeah.

Did we ever get to the brown?

We never got to brown. I was still trying to get there.

I want to get there though, but we need to take a break if that's okay.

So when we, when we come back on the other side of this, we're going to hear this exciting, exciting tale of why brown is your favorite color.

And we're going to hear more about your story.

I mean, some of your, some of your history is frankly, a little more interesting than what you sell.

I don't agree, but thank you.

Okay. We may talk a little bit more about the doors.

Wait, do you like the doors of the band by the way?

Not a fan. I just never, Jim Morrison, there's something about him.

I just, he doesn't resonate with me at all.

But he's the lizard King.

I I'm sorry. I just don't get that reference.

I love that series on Netflix.

All right. Look, we need to take a break.

When we come back, we'll have more with Alan Yang, more from Todd and more from gigantic Dan.

We'll be right back with more comedy bang bang after this.

Comedy bang bang. We're back here. Alan Yang, writer, director, producer, not a member of the PGA.

Tiger tale comes out this Friday on Netflix.

And we want everyone, you know, watch it a couple of times, right?

If you, if you watch it once, just, uh, you know, turn it on and, and play it in the other room.

Yeah. Just keep watching it over and over again. Just, you know, if you watch it for a few days, that would really be great.

That would really help us out.

A few days straight, just like a marathon.

Yeah. Just what else you got to do?

That's how uncle Scott watches everything. Cause he can't, he can never follow a show.

So he'll just put on like one episode of a show for 24 hours straight.

And then be like, I think I get it. Let's move on to two.

I have really bad short-term memory.

So I can't remember something that happened 30 seconds ago, usually.

So I find narratives very, very hard to follow.

That's why I love reality TV, because I always just look at these people and go, oh, they're yelling.

Oh, okay. This is fun to watch.

You should do what the memento guy did and just keep writing down what happened in shows. So I don't know what memento is.

Yeah. You probably don't remember what happens.

He gives himself a lot of tattoos.

You'll probably have to tattoo that fact on you to remember that though.

Okay. That would be the first thing. Watch memento.

So you know why all these tattoos are on you.

Exactly. Okay. We also have Todd is here. Todd who, yeah.

What up indeed. Yeah. And we have gigantic Dan who before the break, we were in the midst of his I almost want to say tragic tale, but you're a very happy, optimistic guy.

I'm an affable man.

I think I've maintained a lot of the childhood wonder that that would go away if I had lived those years. How old are you right now?

If I may ask.

Right now I'm 25 years old, but when you're a giant, they say about 31. Those are hard years. Those are hard years.

Yeah. But seem older. Okay. So you only have six years to live, but at the same time, mentally you're 11 years old.

It's a wild ride.

So you're going to reach 17 years old.

You're 25 years old in your body. You're 31.

Yeah. Six, six years away. So you're more like, you know, 84 or something like that. Physically. Sure.

Dog years. Yeah. Yeah, exactly. Correct. Yeah.

And why have you ever met anyone larger than you? Have you met, have you met anyone who's bigger?

There was a, there was a statue that I saw in Washington that was a little bit bigger than me.

Lincoln memorial?

Yes, that is the one. That's okay.

I couldn't remember what it was called. I never got the history lesson on it.

It didn't have a monkey head, did it?

Because then we're in an alternate universe.

No, no, no. Just regular old beautiful Abe Lincoln.

Oh, thank God. Now, uh, uh, uh, uh, I'm so glad this is the universe we're in. The reality is so good right now.

So much better than the planet of the apes right now.

Thanks. God. Thank God.

What, uh, why do so many of the tallies die? Is it, is it because of, uh, their body giving out or is it because like they constantly hit their heads on stuff?

I find the ladder question extremely offensive. I genuinely, The ladder part of the question? Cause I only asked really one question.

The ladder part, not the L A D D E ladder suggestion.

I didn't say ladder. I just meant I only asked one question.

So what, The suggestion that we're hitting our heads on things like we're big dumb oafs is a little bit.

Can I ask you an offensive question about ladders?

Fine.

Why did the ladder only have one rung?

I don't, I'm not sure.

Cause, um, If you don't have the punchline set up, it's a waste of time to ask the question.

Todd, this sounded like you had a great, funny joke.

Does he do this all the time? There was nothing.

Cause, cause, cause you're fucking, cause wait.

Okay. All right, Todd.

Thank you.

I'll give you three more seconds.

I didn't even get to say it.

Three, okay.

Two, one.

Um, cause, cause I thought it was three, two, one go.

You lost it. You lost it.

So gigantic Dan, you're not hitting your head on stuff?

No, I'm very, very good at not hitting my head on things because as I said, I won't even go into a house if I'm going to get into a Winnie the Pooh situation, you know, I just won't even go in. So I avoid all the low seats.

So you're spending most of your time outside or in your barn?

In the barn, outside. Yeah.

I would imagine though, you might hit your head on stop lights.

Okay. Look, I, yes, I've hit my head on a few things, but like that's at the beginning. Okay.

That's just at the beginning when you're adjusting.

What have you hit your head on uncle Scott?

Well, I mean, you know, there, a house is filled with things to hit your head on and to stub your toe on more things to stub your toe on. I've found.

I don't have that problem at all. My toes are the size of regular feet.

So that's, I know, I know, I know, but if you have six regular feet on top of gigantic feet, that's you wear shoes on all those toes.

I'm a barefoot guy. I'm a barefoot guy.

You're a perfect guy.

That sounded like a foot fetish question. You wear shoes on all those, you wear shoes on all those cells. You were in 10 shoes at a time.

Are you really by any chance?

I was going to just say that there is a lot of interest in my feet online.

I see a lot of sick pictures online.

Yeah. It seems to me like you shouldn't be selling doors.

You should be like, you know, nude modeling. It seems like, you know, you're a, uh, and I, please don't take this, please don't take this the wrong way when I say you're a freak of nature.

And it seems to me like you could, you could capitalize on that.

Yeah, I could, but you know what? Life's too short.

You know, I want to make a real mark.

I want to go door to door and I want to sell doors and I want people to experience the joy of ripping a door off its hinges. All right. Well, I mean, that, that actually does sound fun.

I don't think that I would want that to be my, uh, my everyday state of my doors.

Oh, Hey, sometimes they have me install the plywood one.

They rip it off and then they give me the money and then I put the old door back on. So sometimes it's just kind of a fun thing for them to do.

It's kind of an experiential thing.

Thank you so much, sir. Yes, exactly. How much are you charging for the service?

It's about $400 or so.

Okay. That's pretty good pricing.

I mean, it's not so cheap as to be comical and it's not so expensive as to be comical.

It's just right down the middle.

Well, I'm a fair guy. Money, I would say means almost nothing to me.

It's so little and stupid looking that I just don't even care about it.

I like to just do it cause people think it's weird if I do it for free.

Right. Well, you're a man of simple needs. All you need is your barn.

What do you eat?

I'll eat basically anything.

But the strange thing with my metabolism is the stuff has to be extremely hard to digest or else I don't get anything out of it. So like you eat tree branches, you eat, you know, a whole raccoon, anything that's big and difficult.

So, but it has to be possible to digest, right? I mean, I think that the tree branches, I'm not sure possible.

And what is possible for a giant's digestive system.

Like I'm sure you've heard that my, your, your intestines are miles long, right?

I please stop talking about my intestines. Okay.

Okay. Well, every person's intestines are shockingly long and mine exceed that by many, many miles. And so I can digest shit.

I got hydrochloric acid in my stomach that is more vile and, and, and, you know, it can break anything down. So it's kind of like, if you stress out your intestines, would it be like a hands across America situation?

It's very possible. Yeah. And there were some sick fucks online, by the way, who keep saying that when I die, they're going to do that.

But I think they're just trolling me.

And like they'll all be hands across America holding your intestines.

Yeah. That's what they keep saying. And they're like, it would be an honor for you.

It would be an honor. And I'm like, actually I find that disturbing, but right.

I don't know.

All right. Well hit us with this brown story because I know we were getting to it and we hyped it before the brown.

Okay. Well, uh, that's not a wrap.

Here's a wrap about this story. He's about to tell. Okay.

Hit us with a brown.

You can't just say one sentence. Things have to rhyme.

It has to be at least two sentences in order to be.

I'll work on it.

All right. So what do we got? A gigantic Dan, why is brown your favorite color?

We hyped it before the break. Let's get to it. Here we go.

The, the famous story of why brown is your favorite color.

When I was a child, pre gigantism.

Pre coma. Pre coma. Yep. Yep. Yep. Yep. Pre coma.

Pre come ma. Yeah, I guess so. I'm not really, do you know what do you, I mean, you're only 11 years old mentally.

Do you know what pre-come is? I don't follow what that is at all. No, I, you're sick. You're sick. I don't want to agree with the, the Todd guy who has no, no, no joke after the, the setup for it.

But I will say I do feel you have a very strange fascination with my penis ejaculate and pubes. I mean, this, this must be, you must be used to it is what I'm saying.

But that doesn't make it any better.

Are your pubes as long as Kim Kardashian's hair? Yeah.

But I trimmed them to be that long. Oh, okay. So they're, they're naturally longer naturally. They're way longer than that.

But I trimmed them to be a reasonable length to just be the Kim length. Yeah.

All right. Hit us with this Brown story. Okay. So I'm, I'm six years old, right?

I'm, I'm walking around in the woods.

You're a year away from fainting and being in this coma.

Yeah.

Thank you. You have no idea. At this point, I have no idea.

I'm just a happy boy and I'm wandering through the woods. I'm having fun.

I was a nature kid and I, I've knocked into a tree and I go, that tree looks really nice. And you'll note that a tree is Brown, but that's not where it comes. You knock into a tree, like you hit the tree or you, I believe that I was always destined to be a giant. And so my body was almost never under my control when I was growing up. Okay. Now you were, you, you were getting upset with me for intimating that you hit constantly hit your head on stuff. I didn't hit my head. I did not hit my head on the tree.

My whole body bumped into it, including your head. Yeah, probably.

But that would have been the last part. I think, I think I would knock in right at the end head last.

You see the tree? No, I was walking forward foot first knee, second chest, third head last. Okay. You walk. You're like that.

You're like that. Our crumb picture where they keep on trying guy, the where the legs are six years old and I was destined to be a giant.

So my body was all out of sorts. Okay. I bump into this tree.

I fall down and I it's not good.

And I'm laying there on the ground and I'm looking at the, at the tree.

And I'm thinking, wow, what a beautiful color that Brown is cut to many, many years later. Is this a smash cut to, you know, I'm not in the industry. I'm a doorman, so I don't really, uh, I don't follow the smash too.

Is there a lot of confusion when you say you're a doorman where people think like, okay, open the door for me asshole. And then you're like, there is a lot of that. But then that always leads me into, Oh, right this way.

And then I'll set up one of my plywood doors and I'll rip that thing open.

And then they're like, wait, I don't understand. And I'll say, well, I sell doors. If you were working at a hotel and you were a doorman, but you still had your business of selling the doors, you'd be a door to door door doorman.

That's a punchline. He had that. We got all that Todd.

I'll give him that. Yeah, you definitely got there. So, so you're staring up and you think, wow, what a beautiful Brown smash cut to.

Yeah. Smash cut to now I'm waking up out of this coma. Now I'm a giant.

All right. So, so, so this did not put you into the coma.

Just you're saying, no, I just passed out another year elapsed.

You woke up eventually.

This is just an early memory that really stuck with me.

This tree looking up at this tree and then cut to all these years later.

Now I'm a giant. I wake up, see my freakish penis on the wall, all that stuff. I get taken home by my new adoptive parents.

People I've never met who were preparing to put me into a freak show.

Even if I hadn't woken up, I get to the house, rip the doors off by accident. And then I'm looking at the door in my hand.

And I go, Oh yeah. Remember that tree?

And then that was it. That was it. And then you were like, Brown is my favorite.

Oh, Brown. I like Brown. And then, uh, so yeah, epic tale.

It's an epic tale, twists and turns. So, and, uh, I guess, uh, yeah, I guess, uh, uh, I'm not sure that the payoff to that story really, really matched the anticipation. I'm 11 years old. That's a, that's a good point, but let me ask you the fact that I even got, you know, I told two stories at once, almost there. But did you ever think that as a, asking someone why their favorite color is favorite color is a really dumb, dumb, dumb question. But can we just say that Todd is who asked that question? Yeah, exactly. But I have to ask you, you were saying that you're, I asked you what it was. He said, why is it right now?

I take that.

You were saying your adoptive parents were putting you into a freak show that implies that the rest of the children they've adopted or had biologically, are there freakish attributes to them as well? No, they're all my friends.

I'm not sure that they were going to be kind of like the carnies who clean up my shit and all that stuff, I guess. Okay. So you were the only attraction, it's a single attraction freak show.

They ended up not doing it. Cause I think, uh, sort of like how you felt that my story, uh, was anticlimactic.

They kind of realized that I was freakish, but like not in a fun way.

Cause I, you know, I, I'm still like, I had ambitions of selling doors.

Usually those guys in those situations, they don't have any ambitions.

And they could tell right away. I was an ambition.

When you go see a normal freak show with like the dog face boy and the, the, yeah, the worm, that's all they want to do.

I didn't want to just be tall. I wanted to sell doors. Okay.

I'm starting to think gigantic Dan is an elephant.

He eats tree branches. Yeah. I'm not sure his brothers and sisters clean up.

His poop is that we, yeah, maybe the plywood on your back is actually for like, people to ride gigantic.

I have to, I have to ask you a question because the, uh, the camera is only at chest level. How long is your nose?

My nose is it's legally. It is one foot long.

Legally. What about illegally? Illegally.

I actually think it's closer to two feet. Okay.

I think you might be a talking elephant.

Hey, that would be great. You know, I hope I am. Uh, wouldn't that be cool?

Can you imagine that you open your door and there's a talking elephant there trying to sell plywood doors to you.

I guess so. I mean, you mentioned Winnie the Pooh, and there was that dream sequence in there with the, with the elephants.

I don't really get the reference. I'm sorry.

Wait, you know Winnie the Pooh though, because you brought it up earlier.

Just the one image of him unable to get into the house.

You've never seen the movie. You've only seen one still?

One single cell?

I understand that he was a real bear and he got into all sorts of foibles or something.

Hmm.

I don't know.

I don't think he was a, I mean, he was a cartoon bear, although I believe there was a documentary.

Alan, wasn't there a movie that came out recently about the guy who wrote Winnie the Pooh and he was all upset or something?

You're the film director.

Yeah, I'm a director. I've seen movies.

There's a movie called Christopher Robin where Ewan McGregor plays Christopher Robin. I think. Is that Winnie the Pooh? I think it is.

Probably is. Yeah.

Well, no, it seems like it.

Sure. Uh, well, gigantic Dan, you're a, you're a big fan of the movie.

I think you're a big fan of the movie.

I don't know. It seems like it. Sure. Uh, well, gigantic Dan, you're a fascinating, I was going to say guy, but maybe I should just say, uh, pack of derm. Uh, thank you.

That means giant, I assume.

No, it'd be, well, I mean, it's an elephant. Um, but, uh, we're running out of time here, uh, on the show.

We just have one final feature and that is a little something called plugs.

Uh, can I just ask, uh, can I, before we do plugs?

Yeah. Right before that, can I just sell you guys one of these plywood doors?

I feel like you and the little, um, the nephew, that could be good for you guys.

I'm worried about, yeah, I'm worried about Todd getting out.

That's the problem.

The doors in the house are not for people to prevent people from coming in there to keep Todd from getting out.

I see. I see. Okay.

Well, can we just hear the pitch just in case?

All right. All right.

Uh, well, the pitch I say, especially if we're going to use these doors in your house, I always say, look at this door, look at this doorframe.

Imagine if there was a door there, but it was, it was basically open and you just ripped that thing off and it's, it's not real. It's like a bead curtain.

That's your pitch.

Yeah. And then people always go, I like that.

And then they always say, I like that.

All right. Almost always, almost always. It's almost always.

They go, I like that. Yeah. But it's rare that they buy it. It is.

I will admit it's rare that they buy, but they always say they like the idea.

Okay. All right.

You think they're just not very frightened of a talking elephant who may stampede inside their house? It's not for me to say. Okay.

All right.

Uh, are we at our doorstep and we'll try to try it out.

Yeah.

I'll leave five doors here when I, when I leave. All right.

Great. All right.

Well, that's a, that was very important to get in before the, yes.

Thank you so much. I think we, that could have maybe been during the plug segment.

Almost certainly when you said before the plugs, I thought, well, it shouldn't have interrupted here, but Hey, it happened and you got to forgive me. I'm like, all right, well, are we ready for the plugs now? Or do you have any other interjections?

Before the plug segment? Can I just say something? Sure.

Um, make it good. Follow me on Twitter.

That's a plug. All right. Let's just hit us.

It's time for plugs. Let's hear it.

I don't have anything to plug.

No, I got, we have to play the door thing in. And now I'm like, I'm waiting for, I'm waiting for gigantic Dan to plug here.

No, sorry. Let's, let's go to the theme. Here we go.

Ooh, very nice. That was a America's podcast by the human neighbor.

Thank you so much. Uh, wow. Finally. Uh, by the way, Alan, you're on America's podcast. I don't know whether I, I mentioned that to you earlier, but it became pretty clear as I was on it that that's what I was on.

Sure. Of course. All right. What are we plugging here? Alan, obviously tiger tail comes out this Friday. Very exciting.

Very dangerous.

Tiger tail. Yes. It's a movie on Netflix.

It's got a lot of Asian people in it and it is not a man.

Uh, I don't know, like more than four and fewer than a hundred.

So if you're like, if you're into Asian people, this is like, yeah.

Yeah. If you're horny for Asians, then, then this is the movie for you.

Uh, it is not a sequel to tiger king unless that will make you want to watch it, in which case it is. So yeah. Watch the movie. Watch the movie. Yeah.

Why not? And anything else coming down the pike for you?

That's it for right now. I'll save my plugs for anytime. Oh, for when you come back for a next episode, I'm on the next episode too, right?

Yeah, of course.

We always take first and last year because it's a lot like rent.

We tape your first episode in your last episode.

And then if you happen to do some in between, great. Yeah.

But we want to say hello to you and we want to say goodbye to you.

So just stick around for the next hour and a half after this, we're going to be taping your last episode.

It's like your shark tank entrances and exits. Exactly.

Supercut. Um, Todd, do you have anything to plug? Um, yeah, I want to plug, um, child protective services and I want to plug, um, good girls on NBC and Hulu. Um, starting with episode three Oh eight third season eight episode, um, watch the rest of the season from that point and you'll see someone very cool.

Don't watch it before then. Well, if you want to know what's going on. Okay.

So you'll be really confused if you dip in, in the middle of the season.

You probably want to know what's going on.

So watch all of the seasons and then watch those episodes.

Okay.

Very good. A gigantic Dan. You know what?

You plugged your doors before the plug started.

And now I actually, I was thinking I want to use this opportunity just for a PSA.

That that it's not just about me. It's about other, other people with similar conditions. Okay. Is that, does that count as a plug? Yeah, go ahead. Please do.

If you see say a giant man running down your street early in the morning, late at night on all fours, probably occasionally on all fours, running away from a little mouse, perhaps. I don't, I'm not sure I follow the, the, uh, the, what you're saying there, but look, giants need exercise. Okay. That's all he's doing.

If you see him out there and he's running, he's not running towards you to frighten you, nor is he running away from something frightening him unless it's a little tiny mouse. Okay. Everything is probably fine. Oh, everything is probably fine.

He needs exercise and when he's running, he needs to scream and that's just part of it. If you're a giant, that's just part of it. Did the scream sound sort of like, yes, yes they do. Yes. Yes. And it's, it's, I'm screaming from my nose.

I don't know if that clears anything up. Interesting. All right. Yeah. Um, okay. Yeah. There, there's probably something else that, uh, I guess you should check out bruise brothers. Uh, it comes out on Friday on Netflix.

What is really funny? I waited. You, you must mean the blues brothers. No, I'm talking, I'm talking like beer talking the bruise brothers.

So the blues beers actually, yes, it's a very depressing beer. What is, what is bruise brothers?

It's a show that this tiny man is on who I am friends with who bought several doors from me and it's a show about two estranged brothers who have to make beer together and my tiny friend is a, is an asshole in it and it's just a good time.

Who made the show and it's made by Greg and Jeff Schaefer.

Two very, very funny. They did the league. They did the league.

Yeah. Yeah. I just know a lot about that guy.

How do you know so much about him? Todd, Google.com.

And uh, how many episodes is this? Eight, eight episodes.

So, and they're half hour, I would imagine half hour. Yeah.

So we got four hours to devote to bruise brothers. Correct.

Like probably two to devote to tiger tale. Is that right?

It's short like an hour and a half.

Easy. But you can do all of this in one day.

If everyone did what Alan suggested and they just watch it continuously, like give me one full day where you watch bruise brothers continuously and then the next day or you know, you can reverse the order. You do a tiger tail.

I'd like to set up two TVs in your house and they both play tiger tail and bruise brothers across from each other for like a week. Maybe a computer.

Yeah, no two TVs.

And by the way, to do it this weekend is important because the first three days, uh, they, they track, I know it's the first three days and then the first 30 days and then the year, but the first three days are when they get a lot of excitement for it and they go, Oh wow, this is such a hit. We're going to like pump it up a little more.

So try to watch it this weekend.

That's true. Opening weekend, tiger tail, bruise brothers.

Can I plug one more thing? Yeah, I have something to plug too, but I'll wait for you Todd. Okay. Patreon.com slash Lauren Lapkus.

Funny improv, good stuff. Go there now. Interesting. All right.

I want to plug, um, uh, well it's, it's not so much a plug as it is a, uh, uh, addendum to a previous plug, but, uh, uh, we, we had a couple of Arizona comedy bang bang shows that were set to happen next month. And obviously, uh, uh, with everything going on right now, we don't think that those are going to happen.

So those are going to be postponed until September. Uh, so, uh, those shows are moving.

So the Tucson show is moving to September 18th and the Phoenix show is moving to September 19th.

We also have some other tour dates that we possibly are going to do, uh, depending on how everything goes. So we'll just kind of see how everything goes, but, uh, uh, watch out for news about those. Okay.

So let's close up the old plug bag.

You start with a C when you want to close it up, you lead with an L and then you open up the plug bag.

Take your hand and open it up.

Then Horatio comes in and he just says, open up the plug bag.

Everybody wants to open up the plug bag.

All right. That was the Dharma initiative remix, uh, the short remix, if you can believe it. Uh, guys, I want to thank you so much, Alan, always great seeing you. Uh, and, uh, thanks for being on the show for the first time.

Really appreciate it. And, and, uh, uh, good luck with the film. I, I personally cannot wait to see it. Uh, as, uh, as you know, I'm into Asian people. Yeah. Thanks for having me. And, uh, thanks for being an Asian people. Okay. No problem. Uh, and gigantic Dan. Great to meet you. I know we only have a few years left with you. Uh, hopefully you'll be on the show another time before you expire.

I mean, you can still die of an accident before the four years elapsed, right?

Thank you for saying that. Thank you. That's always good to keep in mind.

Hadn't thought of that. So you don't have just a free and clear four years.

You still have to be on your, it could be tomorrow. Yeah.

You have to be on your toes or on your, what do elephants call their feet?

Uh, I don't know about that, but I call them my feet toes.

Okay. Right.

Uh, Todd, uh, great to see you, but unfortunately you're grounded.

No. Yeah. You were too disobedient during the show.

I'm grounded during the quarantine. This is like double grounding. Yeah.

No. Meaning you have to go outside and you have to let everyone breathe in your face. You're not cool. You're quarantine grounded.

All right. We'll see you next time. Thanks. Bye. Bye.

Bye.

Heroes.

Yeah.
