---
layout: page
title: 649. Jon Gabrus, Ego Nwodim, Carl Tart, Drew Tarver [https：⧸⧸cloudfront.wolfpub.io⧸CBB-649-20200406-GabrusNwodimTartTarver-DTBv01-PW.mp3].mp3.wav
category: cbb 
---

♪♪ You say, tomorrow I say, get away from me Mr. Tomato Man.

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

Ah yes, thank you to Big But Feather Bottom for that wonderful catchphrase admission, Big But Feather Bottom. Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang for another edition, week 47 of Quarantine.

It feels like a thing.

This sounds great, let's just run it back and get it laid down right this time, okay?

Run it back again, we have to lay it down again. What do you mean? Get what right?

Yeah, no, that sound check went perfectly, let's just roll right into the show right?

That's not a sound check. How can you be doing this from your home state of New York in Long Island and still not get it right? Well, I don't have all my gear here with me because I'm not, I got corn, not my house. You don't have it here? Wait, wait, wait, wait. You don't have it where you live, then where is it ever? I mean, okay, you're not going to have- It's at my house, it's normally at my house or at your Wolf Studios, depending if I can fool the group of like little people that you have that are engineers there. I sneak past them, grab a couple of kids or whatever. Why are they all so short? I don't understand. I don't know, it's confusing, it's kind of creepy, but I like it. It gives whoever owns that place a little Willy Wonka vibe.

Welcome to the show, by the way. Scott Ockerman here and I'm the host of Comedy Bang Bang.

Coming up a little later, this is exciting. We have a former athlete, no longer an athlete, perhaps too old for it, although we'll be talking to them about that. We have the subject of a recent documentary, that's very exciting, and we have an idea person, an inventor.

Oh, right, that does sound exciting. It sounds super specific and I'm super pumped to listen to the rest of this episode. You're just supposed to be doing, by the way, this is my intern, Gino. He does the sound and during quarantine, we've had to do it remotely.

This is fucking wild and I got none of my gear here. I'm fucking running. Where are you quarantined?

I'm in the basement of Mama Gina's pizzeria. I've been here since I got quarantined here on December 3rd. Wait a minute, that was still three months out. What do you mean you got caught? You got locked in the basement? I don't know, some guy was like, you understand shit's coming for us. And I said, what are you talking about? He's like, please just get in the basement. Like, so I didn't know if it was a terrorist thing because I've been told terrorists are ready to attack NASA. Was he just trying to direct you?

Was he just trying to direct you to the bathroom that was in the basement? Shit's coming. I wish. Oh, I wish, I wish. But instead, he just directed me to this big hole that he dug like in the middle of his basement floor. It's like a whale or something. And all that's down there is like jars of San Marzano fucking tomatoes, Gaba Ghul, super set, mozzarella, some fucking, but what's it called? Barata, you know, the what's the cool? It's the fucking it's the slimy or mozzarella is what we call it.

Sure. But apparently I don't think we need to know every single ingredient of that they serve there. Where is it? Mama, who? It's Mama, it's Mama Gina's pizzeria on Jerusalem Avenue and Bentley. That's so close to your own name. Do you ever get tricked into thinking that it's your mom's house? Well, that's why I'm here. I came here to get my my mom usually does a pumping dump for me of breast milk. And I pick it up on Thursdays. So on Thursday, December for you. Wait, how long have you been drinking your mother's breast milk? I'm I'm I'm back on it. I'm back on it.

Because I'm trying. I'm so skinny. I'm trying to gain weight. So I started I went back to the straight to the tap as they say. I actually and I stopped drinking from the tap after being thrown out of Adventureland for breastfeeding. I said 22 year old man. So what have you been doing in the basement the whole time? I've been trying to figure out how to record audio, how to get to zoom pop and all this stuff. I'm running. I got two a little copper wires into a foot and a half slice of gobble goal. And that's power. That's power and a little surge protector. I got going over here where I plugged in my laptop. And then a few other things that I'm using to record this episode. So hey, leave me alone and read it if I get this wrong or if I say something racist.

I don't think that gives you an excuse for the latter, but the key still audio sounds bad or I say something that could be misconstrued as misogynistic. I just want to say, give me a break.

Yeah. It's quarantine. Certainly. I mean, down here since December for fuck's sake.

Yeah. I mean, do you miss your family? What's been going on?

Well, my new family, which is just, I've molded some dough into assorted relatives. We had Christmas here, which was really nice.

My uncle actually got me a hockey net. And so I've been training as a hockey goalie again, which has been fun. That is some impressive lattice work.

You're on zoom right now. I'm taking a look at it. And that is incredible. Yeah. To do from Rod Do. Yeah. You can see, you can see me late because all I had to like down here was a couple of like old Tesla coils that I've got charging off old dry salami. So let me know.

You can see the lighting. Okay.

I can definitely see. Yeah. I can see the shadowy outlines of your face. Definitely.

Perfect. You're looking incredibly gaunt.

Oh, yeah. That's it's fucking crazy down here. Even with all this food, it just goes right through me. Luckily, there's like a little drain in the bottom of this fucking well or else I'd be knee deep and fucking fecal matter and goddamn gluten crushes me these days. So if your mom is still delivering the breast milk, why don't you just leave with her at some point? Oh, see, all right. Here we go. Fucking on the case. Guy Richie Sherlock Holmes.

He had to protect us all. More of a home spots and type of thing from Will Ferrell.

Oh, I love that film. Here's the thing about me, Scotty. My mom is dropped, but she is so light these days. I can't hear her come in. So I'm making noise as frequently because I have no idea what day or time it is. Thank God. You sent me a zoom link and I was able to run my Apple Watch off some Gaba Ghoul that someone left underneath the door mat. Did I say Gaba Ghoul already? Let's make this one super sought. Would it surprise you to learn that it's April? It's April? Yeah. 2015?

No, 2020. We didn't go back in time. Oh, did you think that ever I quarantined and suddenly we you got to be kidding me. You got to be fucking kidding me.

Oh, no, don't tell me John Kerry one, right? You're stuck in a time hole. You're going backwards and backwards. Oh, yeah. Well, I've this guy who the guy who's kidding at me put me down here. He says he's been trying to keep my time hole clogged the whole time I've been here. Someone kidnapped you. Wait a minute.

I don't know. The guy who tucks his dick between his legs and wears like a short silk robe and feeds me what's the realest sticks in a basket down at the bottom of my well here.

Okay. This is a very different situation than what I thought was going on. I thought he just like invited you into the basement. But I guess he did. He's keeping you down there.

Yeah, he did it first and he was so pissed that I was skinny because he was because I guess he wants like big fatties or whatever. Why did he think that you why did he think that you were fat in or when he lured you down? I guess he said I have a fat voice. A lot of people tell me I have a fat voice. A lot of listening to him. I do have to say you know, the barter doesn't actually sound skinny. Your body does not exactly match up with your voice.

I do have to agree with that. Yeah, there's something. I don't know. My voice is genetically fat. I don't get it. It's been killing me my whole life because being fat is like the worst thing that you can be. Sure, of course. We did. So one of the most disgusting traits a person could have is being overweight. So but he's still allowing your mom to deliver this breast milk.

Yeah, well, because he can't get enough of this shit either.

All right. Yeah.

He's he's apparently given out slices with what's called if you know how to order extra cheese.

It's made with my oh, this breast my birth mother's breast milk. Yeah, this is like an in and out of 70 year old woman to lactating again. How hard is it to get a 70 year old woman lactating again?

You got to get a pregnant. And you know how hard that is to get a 70 year old woman pregnant?

How hard is it? Well, to me, it was semi soft most of the time, but it worked.

So she had you when she was 50.

Yeah, she had my mom had me when she was 50. She's now seven like 70 something and she's been breastfeeding me now that I'm 20 something again. Wow. So I had to help my dad stay erect while he fuck my stepdad. My dad obviously is dead. But this stepdad who is I was raised as my dad.

He I had to keep him hard, you know, just like cinching the base of his shaft and stuff.

Okay, so this is your physically doing it and not just whispering things into his ear.

Well, he you know, he starts getting you know, once you get the thing around the shaft, you're like, Hey, I could use a couple more things. You know, it's like when you don't have an assistant and all of a sudden you do and all of a sudden they're doing all this shit for you. So next, you know, I'm choking my stepdad a little. So you're just using his asshole. Yeah. So now I'm like, I'm doing like all this shit. I'm not sure.

That are while he fucking pumps away, trying to impregnate my mom so we can get a breast move to get my body weight up. That's all I'm saying. Well, you know, I'm glad you're doing okay.

To be honest, you've been doing a great job with the audio here. I mean, thank you. Yeah, you can hear a fucking mouse jerk off down here. It's so cool. Is that happening, really? Yeah, I guess that's the noise I'm hearing. I can't hear him jerk off, but I can hear him calm. Oh, okay. All right. Did you actually this is something I learned recently from living down here amongst all these animals. A mouse sounds like a cat when it comes when a cat comes, it sounds like a dog. And when a dog comes, it sounds like a mouse. The circle of life.

Yeah, that's why I Elton John was singing about when he wrote that song.

Yeah, I suspected. Well, do you know, if anybody knows, come, it's Elton, right?

I don't know why you would say that. Poor Bernie has to cosign all these cum lyrics, you know, but he's into he doesn't care. Bernie Sanders?

Yeah, Bernie doesn't Bernie Sanders and Elton John right all their music together, but Elton John's kind of the face of it.

Well, Elton John is a, you know, Bernie or bust, as we all know. Oh, yeah, me too.

If I don't you're more like a Bernie and bust. Yeah, oh, I'm anything and bust. I'm jacking off in the voting booth as soon as I get my voting rights back. Of course.

Well, I'm glad you're okay. I want you to be safe out there.

I want everyone here to be, you know, all of our listeners, we hope you're doing okay.

And I'm glad that you're out there.

And you've been doing a great job with the show. It sounds great.

Hey, thanks. You've been watching your hands, right, Scotty?

Yeah. I mean, occasionally. Have you been or? Yeah, I've been watching. I've been watching my own hands. I haven't been watching. Are you saying watching or watching? I'm watching my hands, which is open water. You're putting them next to soap and water and just watching them?

No, soap and water are my friends from high school that visit. And then we watch my hands.

How can you be locked up down there if you're getting so many visitors?

I get visited. I got visitation hours. You have visiting hours. So, okay.

Yeah. And then we all sit down and we watch my hands. Do you have a conjugal visit at all or?

Oh, yeah. But that's why I need to watch my hands. Oh, okay.

With with hot with soap and water.

Now I'm saying I got to watch them in like a sink. Right.

Oh, yeah. Yeah. All right. Well, good luck to you, Gino. I hope. I mean, you know, first of all, I want you to gain weight while you're down there. You have so much raw bread dough everywhere. I know, but this shit goes right through me quite literally. Hey, Scotty, real quick. Yeah. I'm unable to pour waters for everyone. So I just want you to know I ordered on Postmates from 10 different delivery drivers, one bottle of water each. Oh, so they'll be arriving at each. Oh, okay. Yeah. So if you ever need a bottle of water, just check your doorstep. I know you don't want to interact with them, which was your standing rule before the quarantine. Yeah.

So I figure I figured I just told them all to leave it. So you might have a stack of water bottles there and I'll send I'll send Brent Morris the bill. Okay. Well, we want to get to our first guest. If that's okay. Let's do it. Sound speeds whenever you're ready. Do you have them in recording? This is not just a friendly conversation that we've been having and action. Oh, God. All right. Well, hopefully someone got it. I want, I mentioned she's been on the show many times before. And I mentioned she's an idea person. She's an inventor.

I believe I may have said that she is a small business owner, which is not true. But you said inventor and idea person. But I mean, a previous on previous episodes, I believe I've mistaken her for a small business owner. She has no small business, but her name leads one to believe that she would have one. But welcome back to the show.

Entre P. Newer. Hello. Welcome back to the show. Hello, Scott. How are you? Scott?

I'm doing okay. Scary times. Yes. Scary times. I are. Where are you?

I'm not scared. You're not scared. I'm not scared. I love it.

Where are you hold up? Are you? What are you doing? Where are you?

Hold up. G'd up. Hold down. G'd up. A piece up. A town down.

Yes. I'm at Atlanta, Scott.

Where ideas are born. Mm. You're in Atlanta. Ass up.

Ass up. Face down. Not getting fucked one bit.

That's the most I've ever heard you curse, by the way.

Because I gave up my faith with what's going on. With what's going on, my faith is my faith is really void. So read the pandemic here has shaken your faith to its very core.

To where you no longer believe in God? Yes, Scott. That is correct, Scott.

Wow. So I have an idea. I have an idea. Wait. Okay. So if you have not heard Entre on the show before, Entre comes in with ideas for businesses, with ideas for inventions.

So you have an idea now. The quarantine has given you some sort of an idea.

Are you surprised, Scott, that I have an idea? No, you always come in with ideas.

So I'm actually kind of at a baseline, just not moving the needle at all.

Okay. So Scott, because you're seeing Schook, Scott. Well, yes, I do have an idea.

Since I've given up my faith, I have thought maybe those of us who don't believe can gather as you as you will. Yes, in these times, I want us to gather because we will be covered by the blood. What? By what blood? I'm listening. I'm in so far. So far, you got me. I love blood and I love gatherers. No, I'm not. He says that. It's literally 45 seconds until the next thing he says. And I know me talking when we're on Zoom makes it even more difficult, but I apologize.

Normally when you say we're covered in the blood, that's like a religious metaphor, but you're not religious anymore. What do you mean? We're literally the pandemic. We're all going to be bleeding out. Human blood. I want us to be covered by the human blood. I have an idea.

That's not my idea, Scott. That's okay. I would hope that.

Yeah, human blood exists, obviously.

Human blood is a thing already, Scott. And it's not rectangular, which most of your ideas are either rectangular or square. No, blood is flat. Blood is flat. And it's not really, but it's not two dimensional. It's actually three dimensional. Scott, I'm not here for your religious hebe, Geebee. I'm here to talk to you about my newest invention.

All right, what do you got for us?

Hit us with and by the way, I will invest in something. I took a real crash. You have money now.

Yeah, I took a real crash on the stock market. So I'm just going through my through what's in the vault. Give us the number, Scott. How much will you make and how much do you make now?

But I would say I have roughly in the, you know, I'm a little stock poor now, but I have roughly in the realm of $2.3 million here in the house. Okay, just cash. Okay. Well, combination of various things. Yeah. Oh, yes, cash and Barry's bonds and not Barry bond. I have a very bond trading card from his rookie season. Barry bond there in your house, Scott.

No, I just have a very important team in with you, Scott.

Daryl Strawberry is here, but not Barry bond.

Straw man. That's exciting. Daryl Strawberry. Is that an athlete? I believe it is. Yeah, but he's just been, he's been making ice cream Sundays because he got into a side hustle. Yeah, after he retired. Oh, okay. Clever of him. Daryl Sundays.

It's got a good ring to it. Yeah, it really does. He only makes them on Sunday. Oh, okay.

Clever. Okay. So Scott, I've got another idea. Okay. You have an idea. He's in rectangular.

Scott, please, King Scott, I can't spend too much time here.

I have a few social gatherings to attend tonight. Okay. What do you got? Yes. It's a rectangle starts with a rectangle. Sure, obviously. In that rectangle, there are other rectangles and each rectangle is is a kind of a place in a row, if you will. And in between, the rows of rectangles is an aisle where people can walk. We just kind of a rectangle on the floor.

Correct, Scott. You follow. You follow. Okay. So at the front of the rectangle is going to be a rectangle kind of on its square side. Okay. Got it. All right. Usually on top, some might put a Bible in this, in this, in this invention of yours, someone would put someone would put a Bible in there. No, no, no, not in mind, because we didn't gave that up. Well, this is a new invention, isn't it? Yeah, but I think that you put my back up against the wall.

I'm really seeing I'm sorry, Entre, but I'm really seeing what you're describing here.

It's I don't want to talk about the backup against the wall and the face down, as a part. Oh, that that I know well in the middle of the night. That's how I do. But like, what I'm saying is I see what you're saying. I like the rectangles on the floor, a book of some sort, maybe off to the side, there's like these little booths that you can go in and like tell secrets to a stranger. How did you know? I don't know. I just, just sounds awesome. And Gino, you're describing a church, the thing that you no longer want to go to. Scott, with all due respect, fuck you. It's not a church. That's not respectful. You can't just say all the journals all around it and shit. Like you can walk up, dip your hand in the urinal. Those are not urinals. Gino, you have a different problem. Have you been peeing in the? But Scott, I don't have much time. Are you going to invest? No, I'm not going to invest. These things already exist and they're empty right now. They're not doing any business right now during the quarantine. The ones that the ones you're saying exist are empty right now because those people are confused as to why what is happening right now is happening. They're empty because no one's allowed to go into it.

Right now you're pitching me something that will get zero dollars for who knows until when.

All right, entree, I'm in. I'll offer you $100,000 for 20% of your business at a 3% interest rate until I'm paid back in which case it'll be a 1.5 in perpetuity.

Wait, you think entree is giving you the $100,000? Huh? The interest rate doesn't apply. She's not giving you the $100,000 in order to get 20% of our country. How am I supposed to join in this business without alone? I got no cash.

Scott, I don't have much time. This has been. You keep saying that I don't see you going anywhere.

Are you leaving right now? Are you saying? According to your zoom screen, you're standing on the same back alley just screaming into your phone. Look, I have Scott, I need money, honey.

And if you don't need money for, I mean, is this quarantine?

Are you are you not able to survive?

Have you gotten your government surplus check yet? I got my stimulus check in the mail. 60,000 hours of free AOL, ready to rock, baby. It was just one of those DVD ROMs that they sent you.

Yeah, dude, it's sick. I just got to figure out how to get it into my phone and then I'll be all that free internet for a while. Just keep pushing it against it. Eventually you'll find the slot.

I've got an idea for one of those. A DVD ROM? You have an idea for a DVD ROM? What is your invention?

Sure. Well, it's a square, but then it's a circle on top of a square.

Okay. Circle gets a square. Go ahead. You pop the circle, you pop open the circle and you put in the DVD ROM and then you close the circle back up and then you get, you're just talking about a DVD ROM right now, the thing that you mentioned at the top when you said you had an invention for the DVD ROM? I do have some things I want to say. I also just feel like I could bring an end to this entire virus that's kind of plaguing y'all. So you think, because we have scientists out there who are working on a vaccine on cures. Is we an earwolf?

When you say we have scientists, you have earwolf is working on that? I guess I mean the entire country, I'm speaking more of the United States we. But you think that's the magazine?

Oh, you are. When I say we, I mean my collection of magazines in my vault. But as an inventor, you think that you might be able to invent the cure to coronavirus? Not might. Not might. Not might. I don't invent it. I don't invent it. Okay. So it's kind of a cylindrical like a container.

All right. So it's not a rectangle. Wow. No. Cylinder. Okay.

Okay. It's going to have a substance, a liquidy substance. You pump it into your hand, or whatever you want. And then you add water, suds form. The virus will not be able to stand. When you say suds, when you say suds, what do you mean? Like what kind of suds? Like what like bubbly ones? Like like like how would you describe them? They're usually going to be white, bubbly and white, bubbly like what?

Like what like what? Champagne. So you know what happens when you get a beer? And it's you know, you guys like beers. Love beer. You guys look like you like beers. Hoppy. What do you call it?

Hoppy or whatever? Got bubbles at the top. Kind of like that. But thinner. Also the way Geno likes his women. You know me, I'll fuck anything. And I love it all.

A lot has been taken. Okay, sure.

I'm Polly. I'm fucking I'm pan. I'm Polly. You're everything. Like the fuck white people.

So you know what I say? Polly want a cracker, baby. Of course.

By the way, you said that on a recent episode and you you never I thought you were in studio, but I guess this was. Did you get out of the basement to record that episode that was just like a couple of months ago? Oh yeah, I guess I forget was that that might we might have recorded that before before when I was quarantined. Maybe you were on parole? Oh yeah, I was on parole.

That's what it was. I was police academy. I was on parole.

Oh yeah. Citizens on patrol. Citizens on parole. Oh, you're going to invest in this. You're talking about soap, entree. You're talking about soap. Scott, you asked my friend soap from high school. All right, entree. No, I'm sorry.

We're not going to invest in soap. Although, you know, a lot of the stores out there don't have a lot. So you want to make some you don't know what soap is? Do you do you have? Let me ask you what it was. Why would I be telling you I'm inventing it? That's sick. Do you have a rope in the shower? I'm not going to hang myself. I have a rope in the shower. I have a braided belt that I use just to like tighten around my neck while I'm showering stuff. I just throw it over the shower and I can lean forward, you know, get close to death. Feel that what I guess can only be one of the best orgasms you can have alone. You can only guess. I'm saying you can only guess. I know how it feels. There's a reason we chase it. Okay. It's obviously good if people are willing to fucking buy doing it. You know, the show is not about the euphoric sensations of auto erotic sex.

Oh, don't remind me. All right. We're going to come back with more comedy bang bang. We'll be right back with more. Gina more entree, P newer will be right back after this.

Q break. Comedy bang bang. We're back here. Gina Lombardo, my intern from Long Island. Sound speeds. Broadcasting. He hooked us all up from the basement of Mama Gina. Mama Gina's. Mama Gina's pizzeria and Jerusalem. Pizza Rhea. Let out for good behavior to do our previous episode and came back to the basement like a good little prisoner. We also have entree Pea newer is here and venture to the stars. I stuck around.

I stuck around. Thank you. Appreciate it.

But we do need to get to our next guest and this is exciting. I don't know if you guys are sports fans, but this is one of the best players to ever play the game of that oblong brown ball.

You know, we're talking about football. He played for the Buffalo Bills and the the Cleveland Browns. Did you play for them? No, Scott didn't.

Why do I think that? I have no idea.

I don't know why you think that. I tell you one thing though. Cleveland cannot be any further way than the actual team that I did play for after I played for the Bills. I tell you Scott.

How? You're a wild man. What was it? Tokyo? How far away San Francisco? Oh, okay. So 3000 smiles apart. 3000 smiles. Hey, I like that. Scott. I've ever heard that one. You know, Scott, being you should create a nice little joke website. You know, those are getting really popular these days. Joke websites. I remember by the way, I want to introduce you in a second. But the last time we were on the show, we were starting a website together.

Were we not? Absolutely, Scott. I'm still raising some money for that domain, but it's coming in no time. Let me know when you raise the money. We'll talk to Squarespace about that. Okay, you take care. Wait a minute. Don't, before you leave, I got to introduce you. He's a former player for the San Francisco 49ers and the Buffalo Bills and also dipped his toe into TV pitchman and was an actor as well. He's really run the gamut with all types of entertainment. Please welcome back to the show. O.J. Simpson.

What a rousing intro, Scott. I tell you what, man. You know, I haven't gotten an intro like that since I hosted Saturday Night Live in 1978. And I did a whole speech about oreennos.

I don't remember that. Holy shit, Nodberg. That shit holds up.

It's interesting. They let you do that in the 70s and then they fire a guy for it. And you know, just a year ago is interesting, right? I'll tell you what, but you know what, we're living in the time. Andre, any opinion on this? I think it sounds horrible. Okay.

You know, Scott, we're living in a time where everybody has to be politically correct these days, you know? And so, you know, evolution is a part of the process. And everybody has to participate in it and take part in it. And if you don't, you get left behind. Hey, and I'm not trying to get left behind. I'm just saying, take care.

Thank you so much, Juice. So politically correct, that kind of happened in the 90s.

And speaking of which, the 90s were a time when I stopped sort of paying attention to your career.

I would say approximately 1991, 92 around there, I sort of, you dropped off my radar and then you came right back to 1992, the year of the LA riots. I tell you one thing, I was here and I decided to wrap my whole house in bubble wrap. So if anybody came running into it, they just bounce right off. That was a bad idea then. That is a bad idea now. I'm just saying, take care. Did you, did you, were you suffocating in that house? It seems like you'd have to let some of the air in. I tell you what's got, I have been suffocating out in these streets for years and years, but not from that bubble wrap from this terrible air quality. We got here in Los Angeles, you know, it's so thick. Sometimes you can cut it with a knife. But I'm telling you right now that they are, they're all right. That's a horrible way to go, by the way, suffocating.

Yeah. You're damn right, Scott. But you know what, now that everybody's in their homes, because of the stay at home order, you know, the air quality has gotten so much better.

Yeah. Andre's in these streets, and these sheets, apparently.

And forgive me for, I don't mean to interrupt Mr. Simpson, but it looks like you're on a golf course.

Oh, exclusively. Yeah. Yeah. You know, I got to get my 18 holes in. Yeah. But hey, I'm staying six feet apart from everybody who I'm out here golfing with.

Six, six feet. That's, by the way, the, the standard distance from the ground to where a body lies when they are put under this earth when they're buried. Have you ever been to any funerals, juice? You know, I have been to some funerals. I'll tell you this. My buddy and pal Robert Kardashian passed away.

And Rest in power, King. Rest in power. That's correct.

Robert Kardashian, senior.

Robert Kardashian, senior. Yes, absolutely. Yes. Black China's baby data is still alive. Yes.

You're very correct. You're very correct. Oh, then I take back. Then I take back what I said. Mine was for junior. I hope this isn't dated, by the way, with what's going on in the world. I know.

You tell me about it. Scott. Hey, Scott, let me ask you some. Please do.

Are you afraid to be out here in these times? How are you holding up? Are you going to the grocery store to get your essential items? Are you are you stocked up on toilet paper? I know I am.

I hit the Costco day one of the quarantine and I bought 140 rolls because I know how my body works.

And I love drinking milk and eating cream of mushroom soup.

I tell you what I, oh, that's just me.

I'm just saying. You take care. Thanks, thanks, but stick around if you could.

Juice, what else is going on during the quarantine? I mean, obviously you must be keeping close with friends and family. I can't remember. Are you married? I am not currently married. No, I'm living the bachelor lifestyle. But once in my life, you know, back in our day, you had to get married right out of high school, right out of, you know, college and then that's what happened to you.

I remember that you took a wife, right? And then, yes, I got married way early in my life to a lovely friend who's still friends today. Her name is Marguerite.

But currently in this thing, I'm talking to friends and family over Zoom, like we're doing right now, you know. And I'm also catching up on my television, you know, I got that Netflix.

I've been watching that a Tiger King. Have you guys seen this program here? I tell you one thing, these white people, sometimes you just want to hurt them. They were the way that they handled these wives. Stay away from wild animals, white people. Yeah, definitely. I'm just saying.

I watched Tiger King and all I wanted to do was kiss those animals on the mouth.

You must be white, Gino. I'm rather white as I've been told by the census and police when they don't bother me. You tell the census what you are. It's not the other way around. They came over my house and said, you're white, motherfucker. Again, the bathroom. They put me in the fucking bathroom, my own house, and I had to watch my hands again. Juicer, are you, are you protecting yourself when you go outside? Are you wearing a mask? What about gloves? I mean, do you have gloves on? Absolutely. I bought, you know, I hate to say this recorded online because people may think ill of me. And that's the last thing I want is people thinking negatively about me.

But I bought about 250 N95 masks, right? The quarantine.

You should be sending those to medical professionals. Well, you know, I thought about it and then I decided against it.

Okay, great. As long as you thought about it and decided against it, then we're all right.

All I've got are these N69 masks that you got to wear upside down. Okay, I don't know.

Gino, what pizzeria are you in? Mama Gina's pizzeria. Is that in New York?

Yeah, it's on is in Long Island. You know, I got a funny story for you. I used to drive all the way down from Buffalo to go right to Mama Gina's pizza. And this is my way back when Mama was still alive. Holy shit. That's it. That's amazing, juice. That's such wonderful news. Yeah, we sit there and cover ourselves in red sauce and just, you know, make love until the early evening. So you're just covered. Just some wasn't for pizza. Some would say spattered with red. Spattered with red. Yeah, this is the first time that happened. And the second time, Mama Gina looked at me and said, Oh, that's what she used to call me. Oh, it's short for Oh, Jake. Sure. She had her own distinct nickname for you as opposed to juice, which everyone else calls you. And she was like, Oh, why don't we use flour this time?

I'll tell you what, it was a time. It was a time to be had. Use flour for what?

Yeah, I don't know.

As lube or just on your body. As lube. Kind of acts. It makes the opposite effect.

You're telling me, I let a guy, I let a guy wrap his dick and flour. And by the end of it, he was pumping. He made a fucking full on bagel in my ass. Wait, was this the bagel boss?

This this was the little bagel boss. He would stand down and stack a phone books, just split me in half. Guys got a big hog. But we threw a bunch of flour in there.

Does he travel with his own the program? Does he travel with his own phone books? Because those are hard to get these days. Oh, yeah. He had a bunch with them in his car and it started drying up with the flour. So we threw poppy seed, sea salt, sesame seeds, onions, some garlic. We do everything in the time. I don't mean to pry, but how did it start to make a bagel? Because you got to boil the dough to make a bagel. Oh, it was boiling from what? Oh, entree, it got fucking hot. This dude, you know, little people, not a lot of people know this, but if you're short, your dick gets even hotter than 98.6 degrees. Really? Cartoon thermometer.

It was right. It was red and real bright at the end. And he was just fucking tearing into me.

You know? Oh my gosh. Oh my gosh. I'm sorry.

I'm sorry, Juice. I'm getting ahead of myself. You I don't want to listen. We've all had we've all had our experiences. I'll tell you one thing. You mentioned phone books. I was in I was in prison for a while. You know, getting my trying to get my memorabilia back. Yeah, that's true. I stay in on my life and career that I don't love to revisit.

Probably the biggest mistake I ever made. But was going to prison? Yes, for trying to get back my merchandise. But in there, to enduring a riot, you got to wrap phone books around your stomach area. Oh, yeah. You see, because who would want to be stabbed? I just I mean, that's that seems like a horrible thing to go through. Hey, I'm just saying. I do know you're just saying. I have an idea. I have another idea for what you could have done in jail to keep from getting stabbed. It could be sort of a rectangle with this with the whole cutout up top for your neck and two holes on either side for your arms. You would kind of just throw it over your body. Maybe like it would look like a shirt or a tank top or Oh, you would call it a wife beater. I'm listening.

That that pique your interest. Oh, yeah, I'm invested. I'm intrigued. Hearing those two words, wife and beater. No, look, I'm told I'm told you're supposed to call them a frame shirts these days. I'm sorry, but I'm the one who's woken broke and not a joke. So suck my egg, just a yolk, baby. Sure. Yeah, of course.

Would be made of a sort of impenetrable. Yeah, entree, entree, I hate to break it to you.

But you hate to. Why would you do it? Okay, I won't then stop. I won't. That's like, entree, you're describing something called plate mail armor, which was invented in the middle ages that like nights and different gladiatorial events would wear like a breastplate, if you will.

Actually, I was trying to describe. Yeah, bulletproof. Yes.

Also, you knew what it was. You were so you knew what you knew what it was.

Obviously, you could have just said bulletproof vest than it would have had any confusion.

Well, I definitely needed that explanation. I needed that.

All right, we need to take a break when we come back. We'll have more OJ, more entree, Pinuar, and of course, Interngino, you'll stick around, won't you?

I won't talk though. Okay. So you break in whenever you're ready, Sky.

I'm ready for it. Hit it. Yeah. All right, we'll be right back with more comedy.

Bang, bang, after this. Take care.

Comedy bang, bang. We're back here. Interngino on the ones and the twos, obviously.

Cut, break, cue episode. Cue episode. We're just starting the episode now.

And action. Let's go. Let's get our entry.

All right.

Trepino, you're out here. Let's get OJ out.

We also have entre, Pinuar here, inventor at large.

Nice, Scott. Hi. Hi. Good to see you again.

Thank you very much. It's great to see you. I mean, to see your domicile there in Atlanta there.

East Atlanta, yes. I am an East Atlanta going to a party.

East Atlanta. What's the difference between East Atlanta and West Atlanta?

One is rich, one is poor. Oh, okay. And which is which?

Well, I think our next guest would be better equipped to answer that.

Oh, okay. All right. Great. Well, OJ, entre thinks that you'll have an opinion on this.

Yeah. I tell you one thing. I've been to Atlanta multiple times in my life, and I love going down to the world of Coke Museum.

It's a world of Coca-Cola. Is that the Coke Brothers or what is it?

Coke Coca-Cola. Oh, Coca-Cola Museum.

And inside of that museum, at the end of your experience, you can drink a bunch of soft drinks that are made by Coca-Cola from around the world.

And most of them are pretty tasty, but some of those damn things, you got to wonder, oh, were those people in those countries drinking that stuff.

You know, there is an appertif. No, okay. Now, what does this have to do?

What are we talking about right now?

So, so, okay.

Just let's just wrap it up. Oh, let us know. If we can call you. Oh, you got it.

Oh, Jay, well, I'll do respect. What does this have to do with which?

What's that? I'll do it. I'll get you.

Oh, you're getting to it. Because right now, it just seems like you're casting dispersions on other countries and their particular tastes.

I'm getting to do it. Okay. There's an appertif. Okay.

From Italy called Beverly. And I tell you what, I took a sip of that, and that joke was disgusting. I don't see how anybody could drink that stuff.

But you know, you got to understand and you got to accept other cultures, because America's a melting pot. And I'll just say it.

Oh, Jay, I give you a lot of leeway to get to your point.

We just, oh, Jay, now which part of Atlanta?

Why is it even matter? Maybe it's point on you. May our next guest die.

Let's let it rest. Please. And honestly, Scott, when I met the next guest, I actually met literally the next guest you intend, because if I understand he has some ties to the south, to the south, certainly, but maybe not Atlanta, but let's let Terry no further and introduce him.

He is the subject of a recent documentary. Please welcome Roger Peculiar.

Hey, Scott, how are you doing? You doing all right?

Doing good. You have a voice that naturally sounds like a Zoom freezing.

Is that true? So it's not going through very clear.

No, no. We can hear you crystal clear. Just your voice sounds naturally like, like, you know how when the sound elongates when a Zoom freezes, you just you sound like that constantly.

Yeah, I sometimes I have I grew up next to a internet facility.

And we mean like a house with with the internet.

Brain freezes. It's a facility. It's a public library.

Oh, you grew up next to a library. Do you ever check out a book from there?

Yeah, I went in there. I checked out a couple books. I got a da Vinci code from Dan Brown.

How'd you like that one?

I did not end up reading it and I returned it 24 days later.

24 and how how long was the rental period? What do they call it?

That was a quick read. It was just a two day.

I've borrowed so many things they only give me a two day leash at this point.

So now you have allergies. A lot of people ask me that.

This is just my accent.

And my my nose is gone to hell.

Oh, okay, Roger, let's let's dig in deep to your details here.

Are you from the south? Obviously you're from the south.

Yeah, I'm from Georgia. You know, I've just figured it was a perfect time to promote my zoo documentary since Tiger King has become so popular.

You have a zoo documentary.

Yes, I'm here to promote my zoo documentary Goose Tycoon.

Goose Tycoon.

Yes, you know how Joe Exotic is a zookeeper for tigers.

And I am one for geese and some ducks and some swans.

Did you make this documentary as a parody of Tiger King?

Because you're constantly relating it to Tiger King.

I just want people to know where it's coming from.

Maybe it's out. You know, it's very popular.

I'm actually pretty upset about it.

Okay, so your documentary is not a reaction to Tiger King.

No, I've had this documentary going already.

Yeah, I've seen it, Scott. I used to watch it with some friends.

You've seen Goose Tycoon?

I watched like the first, I guess first 40 or 50 episodes.

There's a lot, but it was fun. It was good. I like a lot of it.

Are these episodes?

That is a complaint from a lot of people I'm pitching the documentary to, that it is just a hundred consecutive episodes of a small show.

Are these quick bites?

Well, I wanted to pitch it to Quibi, but I haven't been able to pitch it yet there.

I pitched it to CBS All Access.

Sure.

I pitched it to CSO 2.

They made a sequel to CSO?

Yeah. Everybody said that. We're called Peacock.

And I just kept it.

You're like, it's all always CSO to me.

It's always CSO to me.

I've pitched it to Redfin TV.

The HomeBine app?

Yes. Yes. Redfin TV.

If you're looking for a mid price condominium, you can also see a little bit of content on that app now.

That's how I saw it. A guy I used to smoke dust with used to be a PA at Redfin TV.

So he had some pitch materials, and that's how we watched a sleepover party.

Right.

And my final pitch was to the iPhone app Wallet.

Yeah. The thing that comes on iPhones that sort of organizes you.

Yes, apparently they're going to keep your credit cards, maybe a couple of boarding passes, and then a couple of episodes of TV in there now.

Okay, right. So anytime you open it up, hey, I'd love an episode of television in my actual wallet.

That would be great.

Wouldn't that be great?

Because you need something to do when you got your boarding pass out, and you're waiting, you got your shoes off, and you're waiting there to go through today.

I'm scanner, and it's like, I wish I could just watch a little something right here.

It's mainly for when you put your briefcase through the TSA box until you walk to the other side.

That's when it is.

You should be putting your phone in that TSA box.

So this show is for you to watch specifically while you're getting your body scanned at the TSA.

Yes, when you have to, the problem with the wallet is, and but I want to work with the wallet, you have to always ask for additional screening.

So you can go through the thing where you can take your phone.

Okay, so it's there to waste time when you are asking for additional time.

Exactly.

It's a very specific time period that you want people to watch your show.

Well, I didn't know, and I'm not, I don't work for wallet.

I just want to be on that there.

Right.

Okay.

It's all I'm saying.

And did any of these places buy your pitch?

No.

Nobody. Everybody said, no.

This sounds like a parody of another documentary.

Tessa, take us through.

What is it?

Goose tattoo?

What was it?

Goose taccoon.

Ticon.

My name is Roger Pacchulier.

Yes, which also, by the way, if I, if I gun to my head, I would say sounds as well like a parody of the person from Tiger King.

So you're saying I ran all these words through a synonym generator?

Is that what you're saying?

Well, I'm a real person, Scott.

That's not what happened.

You know, but I, I, I am part of the, the goose, the big bird conservationist community.

The, the, this isn't related to Sesame Street.

Do you mean, uh, no, no, this isn't a large bird.

Large bird.

Just very large bird.

Okay.

Yeah.

And you know, unlock tigers, uh, which are more valuable when they're younger.

Geese are better when they're old.

Oh, okay.

So I always always look out for old ass geese.

What do you mean by better?

And what do you mean by I'm always on the lookout for?

Well, you know, a geriatric goose from the black market breeder can cost $40.

Um, and I know a guy who will sell me one for 60 Capri signs.

So basically, basically, uh, you want to goose when you got people watching your goose's, um, you got paying customers.

They're watching your goose's.

You want them to be old and docile.

Uh, so they are not attacking the people that are patting them and that you're holding them next to their head.

So they get upset.

I'm sorry.

It's a petting zoo for old geese.

Well, yeah, we show them.

You can pat them.

And a lot of people keep telling me a wallet TV said, this is not as exciting as Tiger King.

Um, it's, it geese aren't exciting.

Well, I don't even think it's just the geese.

I mean, Tiger King seems to have a lot of like murders in it.

And, and I mean, you're, you're definitely an odd ball.

Well, I have a, I have a Carol Baskins.

You have a Carol Baskins.

Yes.

Her name is Angela Dumpson.

Angela Dumpson.

I've had it with Angela Dumpson.

She is my Carol Baskins.

I would think it would be more like song 31 flavors.

So see, you can't run a name through a synonym thing, because it'll change it to businesses.

But a Carol is also what it's also a noun.

Right.

Oh, I guess you meant Baskins.

Yeah.

But yeah, my enemy is Angela Dumpson.

Dumpson.

She's a goose protector.

And she's always saying, oh, oh, Roger, you can't keep geese.

They need to fly south for the winter.

And I said, not if you buy them little tiny coats.

So have you killed anybody like, uh, uh, in Tiger King?

Isn't that a thing?

Everyone has a theory.

Oh, Jay didn't don't you have a theory about that?

Oh, I got a huge theory about it.

I think that that man, Joe Exotic, sliced that woman up also.

That wasn't the question.

That's not, that's not.

What?

That's not what happens in the documentary.

They think Carol Baskins.

He owned her husband.

I think that Joe Exotic got so upset because Carol Baskins was clearly cheating on him and embarrassing him in front of all of his friends.

And I think that he went over there just to talk one day.

And all of a sudden her husband Howard is also there.

And he's bringing back some glasses that Carol left at the restaurant.

And I think he stabbed her right on up.

This doesn't sound believable.

That's not, that's not, that's not, that's not, that's not, that's not, that's it.

I'm just saying.

I do know that.

Take care.

What were you going to say Roger?

That is a conspiracy theory that I do not think exists for this movie.

You don't wait.

You don't think it exists?

It exists now because he said it, but it is an off the wall.

I guess.

So you don't think it's accurate.

It does exist though.

It's not accurate.

It exists.

But I've, I've had it with Angela Dupson, who is my Carol Bess.

Sure.

You keep saying it.

What were you saying about her before Tiger King came out?

What were you able to call her before you saw this document?

Tiger King's only been out like a week and a half at this point too.

I just called her Angela Dupson, but now I get to say Angela Nupson is my Carol Bess.

Are there other things?

She put me on a website.

She put me on a website called naughty goose guys dot net.

And I have had it with her.

I heard what else has she been?

Well, I got her back though.

I trained one of my geese to steal one of her goose's eggs.

He went over there and he took it and he nudged it back to my place 14 miles with his beak.

It took him three weeks.

Why didn't you drive him to the like the perimeter of her place and just wait for her.

I don't let the geese ride with me in the car anymore because they're backseat drivers.

Is that what happened in Vegas?

Well, in Vegas, I'll tell you what happened in Vegas.

Some of them, some of the geese got loose in Vegas and they did $600 a damage to Toby Keith's.

I love this more and grill.

That's a, that's a sad story.

Yeah, they, they purchased the MLB network on every flat screen with their beaks.

That's the damage the $600 worth of damage.

Yeah, no one was hurt.

No property was harmed.

They just, that, that damn old MLB network is very expensive to hotel.

It's too much.

I think I remember hearing about this because you got a little hot water because you were using that sedan as a, you were also driving for Lyft around Vegas, right?

Yeah, my, my, my, my Lyft rating has severely suffered since I've been also trying to run a multiple geese, uh, petting business out of it.

But I do have, wait, multiple, you have multiple businesses or you can pet multiple geese.

Now you can pet multiple geese, but I always, that one business.

I always tell them, I have the nasty little white life savers.

What else do you want?

I don't know what you're talking about.

I like those life.

I like those lifesavers.

I like the white ones.

No one's right.

The white ones, the ones that.

I like those white ones.

That's nasty.

You know, you don't like white lifesavers, but like white everything else.

Black lifesavers matter.

Okay.

Those are the only ones.

Okay.

What could, what could they be?

Black, would they be licorice flavored?

What, I mean, they could be whatever they want, Scott.

They could be chocolate flavored, Scott.

Oh, that's true.

They wanted to switch it up.

I'm sorry.

I didn't mean to offend you, Andre.

By the way, what race are you?

Have we ever established it?

All of them.

Everything.

You got a little bit of.

LJ, you are black.

You are blackity black.

You know, people have said otherwise over the years.

Oh, J, I'm looking at you.

You're black.

I've always thought.

You're looking at me?

I've always thought, OJ, that I could relate to you, though.

You thought that you could relate to me, Scott?

Yeah, you know, you're one of your, how do I phrase this?

You're going to say one of the good ones?

No, no, no, no.

Just you're, you're.

You already have first Scott Ockerman says, OJ Simpson, one of the good ones.

You're just an American success story and something that we can all aspire to be.

Scott, I tell you, I appreciate that 10 fold, 100 fold, almost as many folds as how many N95 masks I have sitting in my basement, which is quite damp.

So some of them may be getting a little, uh, so little holds in those folds.

Yeah.

Yeah, some mold in those folds.

Yeah.

Roger, I have to ask any other details here on your goose tycoon documentary or what's been going on there?

Well, yeah, I mean, I do also sing.

You owe much like, what's his name, Joe Exotic?

Joe Exotic.

Roger peculiar also has a singing career.

Roger from Joe.

I don't, I didn't get it.

No, it's from your mom.

I'm older than him.

Right.

So, but you, you, you sing though.

I do sing.

Yeah, I got a, I got a few songs.

I got one out called a goose man.

Let's hear a little bit.

All right.

You want to hear it?

Hey, now, hey, now you're a goose man.

Get your game on.

Go play.

So that's how that goes.

It's not even go what now.

Does it even rhyme with all star?

What is it rhyme with what all star?

I don't know what you're talking about.

The all stars like the baseball.

You heard it.

The little good boy.

NBA all stars.

What's one of your other songs, Roger?

This one's called mom goose bit my finger.

Okay.

Hey, now goose bit my finger.

Get your game on.

Go play.

What am I thinking about that?

I think it's a hit.

Well, I love that.

I'm not gonna thank you anymore.

I love them.

These, these are my favorite kind of songs where they have different beginnings, but all the same second line.

Well, you're gonna like this next one because it's, it's nothing like the first two.

A lot of people are saying the first two are similar.

This last one is, is completely different.

What's it called?

Uh, last one.

You all got three songs?

It's not a, exactly a large oeuvre.

Yeah, I come with numbered only a few songs, but this one's called beaks are just hard mouths.

Let's hear it.

Oh, that glitters is gold.

Only shooting stars break the mow.

Whoa.

You didn't change any of the lyrics on that one.

And I love it.

That's the beginning of that song.

Roger, any other, any other funny things?

Yeah.

Roger, do you have nine or 10 more songs to take us out of this thing?

Well, I did.

I did.

Roger, I hope you came with a lot of fucking ideas.

I did.

I need to go back a little bit, but I did run for mayor, I ran for mayor, and I lost to a man with 1000 face piercings.

Is that something to take us out on?

Roger, are you married?

I, well, I'm glad you brought that up because I, I of course Tiger King had three boyfriends over the course of the documentary.

Husbands, husbands.

I really had two husbands and one boyfriend at the end.

But I, I've also played the field.

Only problem is the field is empty, and no one comes to my field.

So you don't have, is that a log web saying?

Well, no.

Well, I was involved in the threesome recently.

I guess you could call it a love triangle.

It's a married couple that I met at a bar that asked me to leave them alone when I sent them a chicken finger plate from the Dairy Queen.

You were at a bar?

I can call it a, we used to call that a, a, Cluck situation.

Yeah, I was getting clucked.

So you, so you were holding, cluck holding, you were at a bar and you, you called the Dairy Queen and had them send over a plate.

I've always packed in a chicken finger plate with the white gravy from Dairy Queen.

Yast Dairy Queen.

We're, we're running out of time.

We just have time for one final feature on the show, and that's a little something called plugs.

I need to know what you're doing all the time.

I need to know you Twitter and O2.

I need your plug.

Baby, baby, I need your plug.

I need your plug.

Baby, baby, I need your plug.

I need your plug.

Baby, baby, I need your plug.

If you got plugs together, and I don't wanna live without plugs.

Ooh, very nice.

That was, I need your plugs by Mark Schart.

Sue, don't like that name, but thank you to Mark Schartz.

All right, guys.

What are we plugging?

Obviously, not a lot going on in the field of entertainment other than with things that are being, beamed directly to people's houses, but, Gina, what do you have to plug?

Oh, I've just been listening to this comedian from Long Island named John Gabers, his podcast.

This true story, he actually is in a painting in the Mama Gina's pizzeria upstairs.

So if you haven't a living Long Island, go to Mama Gina's and see if you can find my favorite comedian, John Gabers, painted somewhere on the really Mama Gina's.

It's a fan of it.

He has a huge fan of John Gabers.

Everyone loves this guy.

He's got a podcast called Hi and Mighty, and then also one where he talks about action movies called Action Boys at actionboys.biz.

Boys has got a Z, business got a Z, and he's lucky because he can keep working throughout this.

Not making any money, but he's working his ass off.

Very good.

All right.

Entre, what are you plugging?

Um, you know, I would like to plug hand washing, staying inside.

Hand washing with what though?

How do you wash your hands?

I think everyone's going to need to get in touch with me.

Something that creates suds, suds and water.

You guys all have water.

Hand washing, staying inside.

You know, don't make- Oh, suds like the head of a beer?

We like beer, right?

Like the top of a beer where it's hoppy because y'all like beers.

I like beer.

Y'all look like you like beers.

Okay.

And, you know, you could find me and my friends on the internet.

Yeah.

Uh-huh.

We can find you on the internet.

Okay, very good.

Yes.

Oh, Jay, do you drink beer?

Do you like it with or without head?

I'll tell you what.

I love it.

Do you like it with without head?

Do you like your beer headless?

I call it neck.

Hi.

How do you feel about the rhyme protect you neck?

Oh, that's another good rhyme.

I like a good beer with a good two inches ahead on.

Hey, two inches of neck.

Oh, Jay, are you a film lover, by the way?

Oh, I love film.

Do you ever- Do you like the Oscars here?

You know, when they give away those, uh, uh, the gold man?

Oh, Oscar.

Yeah.

Do you like the gold man?

The gold man?

You know, I'm more of a fan of the, uh, the Golden Globe.

Oh, okay.

Sure.

Of course.

Uh, oh, Jay, do you have- Are you gonna plug anything?

You know, you could catch me here in Viva Las Vegas, Sin City, where anything is possible playing on the green, or, you know, I'm- I'm a natural born football player, but I also love basketball.

And I like listening to this Patreon podcast called The Flagred Ones, and they're still pumping it out even during this time of turmoil.

Fantastic.

Their names are Hayes Davenport, Sean Clemence, and Carl Tarte.

Oh, those men.

You gotta just- you gotta pay a little $5 fee, but that's not much, you know.

I put it this way.

You pay $5, and I'll send you one of my N95 masks, as long as you pay $5 to the Patreon, and also- Now is it gonna be one of the Soak and Wet masks, or- All of them are Soak and Wet.

I turned my basement into a steam room.

And because, you know, it gets pretty hot out- I can dry out here in Las Vegas, and so I have to, you know, keep steam in my body to make sure my skin doesn't clog all the way up, and I get no acne bumps on my face.

I'm just saying. Take care.

Of course.

Yes.

How about the Goose Tycoon himself, Roger Peculiar?

What are you plugging?

Of course, if you work at the iPhone app Wallet, please buy Goose Tycoon.

And if you hate Carol Baskin, you will- Who is, by the way, your- My Carol Baskin is, of course- Angel Adaptin.

Did I hear some papers rustling?

No.

No, you didn't.

But if you hate Carol Baskin, you will love the teachers' lounge, which is a podcast you can listen to.

And also, if you love Joe Exonic, you will also love the other two, which is on iTunes.

Oh, that's right.

It's a great time to catch up on those things.

Now that we have so much time on our hands, I just want to- Yeah.

I want to plug- Well, I want to remind you, we talked about this Monday, but our Arizona shows, which were supposed to be in about a month, they got pushed.

We rescheduled them for September, so we'll be September 18th in Tucson, and September 19th in Phoenix.

So- Oh, that's great. I'm free in September.

Oh, great.

Okay.

Well, come- You know, I'm free too, as well.

Is it- If it's early, sippy- Yeah, yeah.

Well, yeah.

Entre, I was going to say, like, the thing that you normally work on, is that ever even going to come back this year?

Or- My- My- My friends, one woman, show great black woman, and then there's me.

I know that's what you're asking about.

Oh, sure.

Um, yeah.

That one?

No, have it done it in some time.

I don't think- I keep mean to go to that.

I'm going to go to that.

Yeah.

Are you going to come, Scott?

Are you going to find the scene?

I'm definitely going to come, yeah.

Okay, well, UCB has been shut down for the time.

Oh, no.

You know, my friend says she's willing to come to your house, stand six feet from you, and do the one woman show.

How?

She just made your table.

She just let us do improv at your house, Scott.

Please, Scott, please.

That other thing might be back.

The other thing- Okay.

There might be an episode.

One episode.

All right, we may see it.

All right, let's close up the old plug bag.

You start with a C when you want to close it up.

You lead with an L and then you own.

Feed up the plug bag.

Hold me up.

Pull back.

Take your hand and open it up.

Then erase your constant and heat just as- Then you'll know my life, baby.

They do the paradise.

Hold me up.

The plug bag.

Hold me up.

They do the paradise.

Hold me up.

The plug bag.

Hold me up.

The plug bag.

Everybody wants your help.

Hold me up.

The plug bag.

Keep it fucking open up.

The plug bag.

Hold me up.

The plug bag.

Hold me up.

All right, guys.

I want to thank you so much for being on this episode and I hope you're taking care of yourself.

Not only our guests here, but you, the listeners.

Gino, thanks so much.

I hope that the devilish person who is imprisoned you releases you at some point because I'd love to have you back on the show.

I'd love it if he gave me a full release.

It would be amazing.

Okay, we'll see if we can arrange that for you.

Entre, so great to see you.

Please come back and- Wonderful to see you, Scott.

Maybe at some point you'll pitch something ouvular or circular.

I did a cylindrical object today.

Okay, very good.

Very good.

Okay.

OJ.

Oh my gosh.

What a fan.

What a pleasure to have you on the show.

Scott, I just want to say you're a gym and a scholar and I'm lucky to be joined with you.

Joined at the hip.

Yeah.

Scott Aukerman.

OJ sends you- I love that.

The bomb can never be broke.

I would love Comedy Bang Bang to always be associated with you, OJ.

And I would love for it to be myself, my man.

I'm just saying.

You take care.

Okay, but before we take care, I want to thank- What's the parody of Joe- Roger Pacoulia.

Roger- Roger- Roger- Pacoulia.

Cooly-o.

All right.

Thanks everyone.

We'll see you next time.

Thanks.

Bye.

And cut.

We got it.

That's a wrap.
