---
layout: page
title: 650. Jason Mantzoukas, Andy Daly [https：⧸⧸cloudfront.wolfpub.io⧸CBB-650-20200312-ZouksDaly-RCv02-PW.mp3].mp3.wav
category: cbb 
---

♪♪♪ Cupid's arrow, straight and narrow.

Cupid's peen shaped like a bean.

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

Thank you to Reese Makes Words for that catchphrase submission.

I don't believe he's ever submitted a catchphrase before, but I have to say, I don't believe that it will stick.

Is Cupid a child?

I mean, traditionally...

Like, is that catchphrase referencing a child's penis?

I don't know, I don't believe so.

Cupid is over 18 as far as I'm concerned when it comes to this show.

I guess so, yeah.

He's not even barely legal.

He's just like strictly, strictly legal.

The subtitle of this show used to be called, barely legal.

You gotta cease and desist.

Okay, well, speaking of cease and desisting, we are not doing that with this show.

We continue a pace mid-April here on Comedy Bang Bang.

We will start and persist.

We will.

This is a landmark episode, but before I get to that, let me introduce myself.

My name is Scott Ockerman.

I'm the host of Comedy Bang Bang.

We have a great show here today.

We have a show entirely comprised of my interview with One Man.

And I wanted to do this for a very special episode, which is numerically special.

This episode is episode number 650.

Wow, impressive.

We are mid-hundo officially, although I guess we broke off the hundo on 601.

So maybe 651 would be the mid-hundo?

Okay, so one more to win it, hundo.

I like round numbers.

Sure, you like round everything as far as I answer.

Hey, talking about those boobs and butts.

And you know who that has to be, the guy who likes to talk about boobs and butts.

He has been on this show for, it's almost 11 years at this point of the entirety of the, I mean, not every episode, obviously, but he dips in and out.

But please welcome back to the show, the Hanoong Man himself, the Dink Dink Man.

America's favorite co-host.

America's favorite co-host of America's podcast, you know, last year, it was the show where we talk to interesting people and they've graduated to America's podcast.

Yeah, and I am America's favorite co-host.

America's favorite co-host.

America's favorite podcast.

Although I don't consider you to be a co-host, though you have strong co-host energy.

I do have to say that.

Oh, I've got big co-host energy.

You have almost kind of crossing the line into the host.

Overwhelming the co-host energy.

Please welcome back to the show, Jason Manzukas, hello.

I'm thrilled to be here, Scott.

Welcome back.

Bro down, ho down, Bill Coleman, Bien Vanu.

Official Bro down, ho down.

We decided to do it.

You saw that I had the solo Bo Lo Sonicolo a few months back.

So, and that was number, I feel like that was number seven that we've done that and we've never done a Bro down, ho down, so we decided to do it.

How dare you?

Though I will promise, absolutely no singing.

Absolutely no singing.

I believe, were you not on the musical podcast that we do here in this very studio off book about a month ago and you did not sing during the musical podcast?

That is your commitment to...

It is how much I'm willing to follow through.

Is it because you cannot sing?

I cannot sing.

What do you mean?

Have you tried?

Yes.

What have you just never tried?

Every year.

It's like, oh, yeah, I gotta try this.

Every year, there's always an episode or two of Big Mouth where there's a group like an ensemble.

And everyone has to sing.

And everybody has to sing.

Were you not?

Yes.

They started to interrupt.

And so, there's a man named Mark Rivers who writes and does all the...

Sure, sure.

...this show back in the day.

Oh, was he?

I didn't know that.

He did a lot of the music for the fourth season, which I worked on.

Oh, great.

He is a true genius.

He has written so many amazing songs for the show and I go out to his studio to record my thing and I see him maybe once a year or something.

After off the...

Off the 10?

Maybe.

No, no, no, it's not off the 10.

Off the two?

Maybe.

You're gonna look up his exact street address and give it up to the listeners.

Anyway, so I go to his house and I go in the studio and every year I'm like, Mark, I want to remind you, I can't sing.

This is gonna take longer than we think it is.

And he's like, well, what are you talking about?

This is gonna be great.

Oh, I've got like eight lines for you.

You're great.

It's gonna be fine.

And then it takes us like four hours.

Oh.

In the middle of it, he's always like, you're right.

This is much harder than I remember.

Weren't you also in the musical episode?

What was that show called Overdressed or what was it?

The guy from Arrested Development that...

What are you thinking about?

Hank from...

Hank Azaria?

No, not Hank Azaria.

Hank from Larry Sanders has a show.

Oh, you're torn?

No, Hank.

Hank, the co-host.

Oh, I'm sorry.

You guys are doing your job.

I'm sorry.

You're talking about a transparent.

Sorry.

Overdressed.

Wow.

Jesus Christ.

I cannot think of titles of things sometimes.

Anyway, I was in the musical episode of that, but only in a dance.

I was dancing.

Overdressed would be exactly as punny as...

What is the real title again?

Transparent.

Because it's a transparent.

In overdressed, he's wearing a dress.

I mean, it's like over his body.

It's exactly the same.

How so?

What's the play?

It's exactly as wordplay-ish as transparatives.

Oh, God.

Anyway, so you were in that, you said?

Anyway, yeah.

I was in that.

I didn't sing in that.

You didn't sing in that.

Did you tell them before, Anne?

No, they didn't ask me.

They didn't ask me.

Is it because of your raspy voice or what exactly is...

You know, I believe myself to be, if not, tone deaf, like somewhere in that...

Because anyone with a voice can sing.

Right.

But if you truly are just tone deaf, you cannot find your pitch within.

That's what I can't do.

Even if someone's going, blah, blah, blah...

Can't do it.

I can like get close, but it doesn't exactly...

I'm missing some connective tissue or something.

So when you hear a chord like, dah, dah, dah, dah, dah, dah, dah...

Which is a nice jazz chord, I think.

You don't know, you couldn't hit any of those.

You remember when I said no singing, right?

I'm trying to go...

So don't try and sneak singing in it, you motherfucker.

So are you some sort of Rex Harrison type who just, like, talksing or what are you doing?

I'll talk singing all day, all day every time.

Try some of that then.

Maybe you don't remember me saying no singing.

Dude, dude, I'm not even going to talk singing.

Why can't a woman be more like a man for my fair lady?

I don't even know what that is.

Why can't a woman be more like a man?

I said no singing.

Wait, that includes me?

You can't sing either.

You can't...

You can't stand your nose singing sphere bubble...

This is an episode for the fans who don't want singing.

Okay.

So because you think there's too much singing on the show as is, with...

What percentage of the show would you choose?

This show is becoming off book.

Practically it is.

Which, by the way, I love Jess and Zach.

I think they're geniuses.

You wanted to be on that in order to help them out, but did you tell them in advance that you would not be singing?

Yes.

You spring it on them.

Well, first I turned on the show many times because I was like, I don't sing.

I'm sorry.

And then they were like, what if you didn't have to sing?

And I said, great.

I'll be there.

Jaydog, what does a Jason Manzukas type do in April when a young man's thoughts turn to fanciful notions of spring?

What is...

It's obviously a tax day.

A mayor may not be coming up.

No, it's not.

Yeah, we haven't...

It's all off.

I'm just going to make bold statements here.

We are under quarantine, Scott.

We are in the midst.

This is...

But we still get together.

It's still important to us.

This is corona virus.

Now we're not talking about it because spoiler alert.

This show doesn't come out for a little bit.

But I don't give a fuck.

I'm here to talk about what's happening right now.

Everything's shut down.

We're in the house, Scotty.

We're in the house.

Speaking of the house, you were wonderful in that.

Thank you.

We're still in it.

Me.

Will, Amy, we're in it.

Don't flop.

Did not succeed financially.

Financially.

There are artistically according to most reviewers, although I love, I really like...

How dare you.

But it was a miss.

And is that the closest you've ever been to top billing?

You know?

You were third.

I saw a poster where you were above the title.

I agree.

There was one made.

That is probably, I'm trying to think.

I mean, certainly on a movie that size.

Sure.

Yes, that is the closest I've been to top billing.

Wonderful.

Let's get you up all the way to the top.

Number one on the call sheet.

Let's get you up there.

Holy.

You're even number two on this call sheet here for this show.

Happily so.

I'm not trying to use SERP.

I'm not trying to get to be...

Listen, I don't want to be number one until I've finished throwing dirt on your grave.

Do you think you'll be the last one there at the funeral?

No, no, no.

You think there'll be several people still crying and throwing themselves on the top of it?

I think it would be insane if I was the last one at your grave.

It's really like a lot has happened poorly for you.

Suddenly cool up.

It's like, okay, look, I can't hang out here anymore.

I'm going to go.

And you're like, I'll catch up.

Oh, no!

Scotty!

I hope some people come to it.

You know, I mean, I hope...

Who cares?

At least 10.

Who cares?

You won't be there.

I'd like 10 people.

Well, that's true.

You won't be there.

Who cares?

Although I could be Huck Finn in it all the way in the back.

Oh, whoa, whoa, I don't remember that.

You know, Tom Sawyer and Huck Finn, what they did was they...

I think they got lost in a cave.

Everyone presumed they were dead.

And then they...

Or maybe they were faking it for some reason to escape.

They were capable.

We should be a couple of caveboys.

We should be capable.

We should, like, now that we're in, like, the Corona, you know...

Quarantine.

Just pack ourselves up into a cave.

Why don't we just go into a cave?

Take up a cave.

Oh, by the way.

You know, doing shows by fire?

Yes.

I mean, that was the caveman.

That was like the...

The caveman...

That was like their news program.

Let me break it down to...

That was like their CNN.

Okay, it was painting on cave walls.

Oh, really?

Sure.

And their...

And the wheel?

That was like their iPhone.

Why are you doing this face while you do this?

Who's...

I'm very pleased with my camera doing this.

What camera do you do this?

And it was their iPhones.

It's like sort of a Bill Maher type.

But, yeah, I mean, I would love to do this.

Yeah, I mean, I would love to be trapped in a cave with you.

Either by choice or by force.

We'd have a good time.

My choice by voice.

Either one.

I would love to be in a cave with you.

Oh, thanks, pal.

Huddled up.

Although they say don't start a fire when you're in the cave because it'll burn the caves.

What do you call a cave ceiling?

Cave ceiling.

Yeah, just cave ceiling.

It burns it up and then dislodges all of the rocks and traps you in that cave forever.

Oh, interesting.

Don't you have to find like an unencumbered bit of cave there?

Fine.

I'll look around.

Like a cave chimney.

I'll explore the cave system.

Where are the caves around here?

I'll spallunk.

You'll totally spallunk.

We do.

In these times, in these post-apocalyptic times, we should take to the caves.

We should definitely take to the caves.

We should.

And spallunk or take the EL out of it.

Get whatever you want to do.

I don't want to be alarmist, but get your loved ones together and take to the caves.

Where are the caves?

I'm not telling.

Guess what I'm not going to do there.

I announced all the fucking podcast nerds.

Where are the caves?

Yeah, but we know where the caves are.

Next thing you know, they're going to come and get, try and get their grubby little fingers in my cave.

I know where the bat cave is.

We could go to that one.

By the way, that's very shallow.

Is it really?

Still, how many of us are there?

I mean, too many.

Too many.

It would also not be much protection or shelter.

Although, if we sleep, stand it up.

Oh, what?

Is that an option?

Is that what you think we're going to start doing now?

You're taking to the caves.

I mean, it's got to be bad out there.

I'm assuming that we may be sleeping.

How bad do you want to do taking it to the caves right now?

And you can't.

No, you can't.

No singing.

Ah, too bad.

So, but what does a young man like you do in an April situation spring has, of course, sprung?

Okay.

I mean, like, I'm just out there peeping those April flowers.

Sure, of course.

And they bring about me showers.

I'm talking about April flowers.

It's a lady's name.

Oh, okay.

So a girl, you know?

No.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Hey, April flowers.

If your name is April flowers out there, by the way, yeah, there's got to be at least 20 April flowers.

Oh, if not, way more.

Yeah, way more.

Like if you're, if your last name is flowers, you're just each a nav a baby.

Oh, yeah.

And let it be a girl.

Let it be a girl.

And then a guy comes out and you're like, what do we call this guy?

It's a lady flower again.

Gary.

Again.

I know there.

As many boys as they have, they call them Gary.

Junior?

Gary flowers, Junior.

But then when that girl comes out, April flowers, boy.

April flowers, May.

May showers, broader.

Mm hmm.

Of course.

Yeah.

Well, no, I think it would be more, well, April flowers born in April.

That would be a may, but you're saying that May showers, then is a February baby, I believe, somewhere around there?

Oh, I see what you're saying.

I'm talking about the, the ejaculate that comes out of a man named May's penis.

What do you think?

Brian May's showers.

I was saying in the month of May, but you think Brian May is out there?

Brian May.

Is that what he's saying when he's ejaculating on all of his groupies?

When he's when he's she's in his fucking dong on people.

He's like, he's like, did some April, did some April flowers just happen?

Because here's your may shower.

Here it is.

Some April flowers all over your tits.

Oh, come on.

Yeah.

It still is not that kind of show, even though we have set it for being the show that talks to interesting people into America's podcast.

But America's podcast is about America and America.

That's true.

I mean, American.

If you look at the, I mean, I'll be honest, the number one search on porn hub, I believe is still incest.

So why this country is straight up.

You're not.

And I'm not the habit of this.

This coronavirus porn.

There is.

It's already up.

I'm not in the habit of searching for things on there, but why can't what why can't Jordan just be like, why can't you're not in the habit of it, but it's just a recreational hobby.

Why can't sex be the search, the number one search?

Like that's what I want in porn.

It's like, I want to see sex.

What do you mean?

What do you want to see?

I had these layers of.

Why are you doing stand up right now?

Wait, wait, like you just weren't.

For the caveman, sex was like Netflix and chilling.

Oh, God.

I feel like when you said before we opened up the mics, I might start to do more stand up during the quarantine.

I did not say that.

You said the quarantine.

Why would I do a day in the quarantine?

I might start doing, I might start doing, I might start doing, I might start doing, I might start doing my reaction to it on the quarantine.

You said I might start working on my act again.

Okay.

But of course, summer is running in the corner.

Oh, you're working on that beach bod?

Oh, yeah, I got to get my dad bod in Biz.

You know, I'm like, dad bod, dad bod.

You acquired that, right?

Yes, I did.

Through Squarespace?

It is the best way to get everything.

And here's, I got Squarespace and all I am on there is got my dad bod wearing bonobos pants.

They're made of paper and who cares?

They arrive in the mail.

Okay.

You try them on in a store?

No, you can't.

Are there stores?

Yes.

Why?

You know, they won't sell you pants.

If you go into the bonobos store.

I was in there recently and they ship it to you, I believe.

But that's ludicrous.

I don't, I, I think people feel more comfortable trying something on.

So when they- I want to walk out with it.

I know, I know you do.

I want to walk out with it.

I don't want a guy to be like, great, they look great.

We'll have the sense to you.

Yeah.

Of course, you can pay $50 to have the mix, but I did shipping and be there in a week.

That makes no sense.

I know, but I believe if they were just and- What would that also mean?

They've been a sponsor here, although not recently.

That also means every pair of pants and shorts and everything in a bonobos store has been tried on so many times.

So many times that they're- Because they're filthy because they're not getting sold.

Although every thing in any store has been tried on.

No.

Clothing store, don't you think?

I don't think so.

I mean, those things, those items are sold.

Well, they're not- If I try on- If I try on something that I like- How many people do you think have been- how many ghosts have been in?

I mean, people who have not bought them.

What?

Product ghosts.

Product ghosts?

Yeah.

People try something on.

I like that you introduced that as a term as if it was an actual term in retail and it's not.

So people who try on something that they disappear and they don't buy it.

So you think product ghosts are haunting our- Yes.

I mean, those pants you have on right now, probably eight guys were in it.

Excuse me.

I asked each and every one of them.

Probably five of them when you were in it.

Jump on in, guys.

You asked specifically, get me a freshie?

I always try and try on pants that look- Or, yeah.

That look, but you don't actually ask your tang.

You can't know, but I mean, especially jeans.

Can you go into a, say, a gap or something like that and say, like, can you get me something off the rack that was just shipped here?

Like something right out of the box?

I will oftentimes, if I find- like, say, I just happened recently.

I was in a store and I tried on a jacket and I liked the jacket.

Well, you're a jacket kind of guy, so that makes sense to me.

But I asked them, I want to buy this jacket.

Do you have a new one in stock?

A new, like a brand new one.

Like one that's not been sitting here.

It's not on the floor.

And what did they say to you?

They said, yes.

And they went back.

They brought out one wrapped in plastic and I bought that.

Wow.

Kaboom.

Everything should be wrapped in plastic.

Agree?

And if there are product ghosts- I wish you were wrapped in plastic right now.

Yeah.

But that's just a kinky kind of thing that you like.

Oh, but that's just because I like you all wrapped up, baby.

But I think everything should be like, if- here's the problem is the fact that we- we let people try on clothes.

That's the whole flaw in the system.

Huge mistake.

What was the first store to do that?

Huge mistake.

People- every clothing item should be in plastic.

You should get a vague sense of what it looks like.

And then you should just purchase it side unseen and you cannot be able to return it.

Although you can't- No, they should have like paper versions of everything that you can go in and try on and throw away.

Disposable.

Yeah.

And you can look at it and go, oh, this looks good on me.

I like the cut.

And then you crumple it up, you toss it over your shoulder.

And you can really always- Try on.

You can just right behind you.

Disposable try on clothes.

Exactly.

And they look- they're exactly cut in- Make them out of plastic, send them straight to the ocean.

This is a good store.

We need to be starting a brick and mortar here.

Here's the thing.

In these end times, we need to be starting retail stores.

Do you think brick and mortar, by the way, do you think brick and morty is based on the term brick and mortar?

Yes.

That, my understanding is- I understand he is that it was.

That Justin and Dan were sitting around and they wanted to start a show called brick and mortar.

Right.

And then they realized it was a little bit like, is the world ready for a store?

I mean, I show about stores.

Show just about stores.

It would be about stores.

Yep.

But they're not anthropomorphic stores.

They just literally- They are just like stores.

Like security footage of buildings that are just sitting there.

But they do go on adventures.

Sure, of course.

It's still hard sci-fi.

Yeah.

But instead they just change.

They're like, look, let's take off the B. And let's take off that ST and add an M and a Y to it.

Aww.

Well, that's great.

Oh, thanks, pal.

That's some good stuff.

Jesus Christ.

It's great to see you.

The bro down, ho down, continues to pay.

So we are going to be doing this all the entire show.

Yeah, I'm going to do such a bitches.

Dalton, did you talk?

What?

Right.

Who?

It's me, Dalton Wilcox.

You goddamn city slickers.

Jesus Christ.

Wait a minute.

This is- Barreling through the door.

That's right, I did.

Sorry, Dalton.

Where in the middle of a bro down, ho down?

We're on hour one of an uninterrupted seven-hour podcast.

Gentle enough, I've been to a lot of ho downs in my time, and this is no goddamn ho down.

Oh, interesting.

No, but have you been to a bro down?

I don't know what that is.

And I don't want to know.

I'm full up knowing stuff.

You are fired.

Yeah, man.

Hold on, you're not knowing.

You don't want to know anything else for the end of your, until the end of your life.

That's precisely right.

I am full up knowing things.

Are you not reading anything or watching any kind of informational television?

Never in hell.

Even trivia?

Like TV trivia?

I know all the trivia I need to know.

Go ahead, test me.

Okay.

If the professor on Gilligan's eyelids could make all those inventions, why couldn't he make a boat?

Well, that's not trivia.

That's not trivia.

That's not trivia at all.

That's complaining.

That's not trivia.

Oh, aren't you so smart that you can point out the plot holes in Gilligan?

Gilligan's Island?

Yeah, ridiculous.

If Mike Brady was such a great architect.

This again is not going to be trivia.

It has to be something, a fact that was established on a television program.

You never knew about that.

All right.

Just because of Rule of Three is he has to do one more thing that proves that he was a child in the 70s.

I understand.

Go ahead.

On Gilligan's Island, when they say, and the rest, who were the rest?

And the rest, the rest was Marianne and the professor.

Well, they changed the lyrics.

And they added them.

And the rest to the professor.

And Mary Ann.

How do you feel if you're the professor Marianne and you get and the rest status?

Well, they were fucking furious.

And that's why they had to go change the damn song.

I'm sure it was, you know, like contractual, you know, like they were probably.

Do you think so that they filmed, you know, 50 episodes of it, then suddenly it started to air and they're like, what the fuck is this?

They had never seen that they're.

Well, yep, that exactly what happened.

They went 50 episodes.

You think they shot two years before they realized they weren't in the 80s.

And television used to work in those days.

You would shoot 50 episodes before the first one premiered and hope it did well because you're in the hole millions of dollars.

Is that what happened with Bonanza?

I know you're a big Bonanza head.

Not only am I a big Bonanza head, but I love Bonanza.

That show, I think that's what being a big Bonanza head means.

That's 431 episodes.

And they shot 200 of them before they even premiered the first one.

Wow.

Because they knew it was going to be a barn bird.

So that was on the air for 10 years or so, was it not?

I don't know years.

I know numbers of episodes.

You don't know years.

I don't know.

Let me throw one out of you.

Okay, right.

1963.

I'll take your word for it, but that was a year.

Yeah.

I don't know.

Sure.

Sounds like I've heard.

Can you understand a year as a measurement of time?

Well, yes, I do.

And funny you should say that because I was hearing this goddamn chair one year ago today.

Wait, really?

Roundabout sort of.

Sure.

Yeah.

That's right.

Wait a minute.

The last time we saw you, I believe, was on episode 600, which no, no, no, I'm saying.

It was like 599.

No, y'all were having your 10 anniversary episode 599.

Yeah.

So 51 episodes ago, a true mid-hondo.

And yeah, and we, I forget what we talked about.

You do?

I certainly do.

You do?

Wow.

That makes me mad on top of mad.

Well, well, I was given an assignment when I left here last time, goddamn it.

And it was a hard fucking assignment.

Oh, hold on.

Yeah, by you, goddamn it.

Let's recap what happened the last time you hear because I don't even remember booking you.

I think that we're, oh, that's right.

Why aren't we talking to our friend hot dog initially?

Oh, yeah.

That's exactly what I.

He was, he came in suddenly because we were talking about the catchphrase.

What's up?

Don't say it.

I said it very quietly though.

Don't say it.

Okay.

Because you say it and he shows up.

Oh, that's right.

And wait, it's because I'm not ready for him to show up.

I have to explain things and showing up.

He said your name for whatever reason and you appeared.

I know you conjured me last time.

This time I came here.

I'm on power.

How'd you get here?

Well, take the five.

No, the 10, the two.

I know I traveled by a way of.

Over by Mark River's house.

I took the train to your train station and then I walked.

You took the train to our train station?

I walked to the comedy bang bang train station.

I came into Union station and I walked from there and it took me.

That's why not take the subway up.

Oh, wait.

Okay.

Hold on.

These things make sense.

What are you talking about?

I'll take the subway up to the stop over over here.

I wouldn't take the subway right now at all.

I'll never get on a goddamn subway.

I was coming from the range.

Are your train is okay, but a subway is not?

The train, the railroad ever since the Chinese put it down.

Oh, my favorite.

Oh, my favorite mode of transportation.

Well, that's just a fact.

That's some trivia.

That's trivia.

That's trivia and we don't need to learn anything else.

Well, Chinese are very skilled at putting down railroad checks.

Well, when they're forced to.

That's what anyone is.

I'll just paint them a very nice combo.

I don't think so.

Anyway.

But the other part of it is walking took you a day and a half just from 20 miles away.

Not even 20 miles away.

Union station.

Yeah, to hear easily seven miles.

Yeah.

Yeah, it did take me a day and a half.

Well, I stopped in a couple of whorehouses.

Okay.

Okay, that did this make sense.

Do you have favorite whorehouses in every city that you frequent?

Yes, I do.

That's a fact.

Yeah.

I didn't know if you were the kind of guy that is like your regular spot, so you're always looking to try something new.

Oh, no, no, no, no, no.

You don't try something new.

Once you find a whorehouse that works for you, just keep going there.

And so they understand they know what you're into.

Your loyalty is to the house itself.

The whorehouse itself knows what you're not the people.

Not the people.

Because I would imagine the sex workers come and go.

That's for sure.

Yeah, they do.

They do sex workers.

They certainly do the former lot of attrition in that business.

You're saying they certainly come.

That has not been my experience.

Not a nightmare.

But yeah, there's a lot of attrition.

Why else would you get into that business?

Wow.

I mean, so many reasons that are not for coming.

All right.

True, the matter is, sometimes I go there to fuck the house.

As you know, a killer will sometimes fuck a hole in the ground.

Absolutely.

Do you mean the house, the movie that failed that Jason was in?

I did.

Well, I did fuck that movie.

By the way, please do.

The film canisters itself or?

I have arrangements with certain movie theaters.

If I hear a movie, it's good.

I can go up to the projection booth and give that guy $10 to get lost.

And you heard that movie was good?

I did.

Well, I heard it was it was fuckable.

Oh, I see.

It certainly.

It definitely was.

Yeah.

Oh, you can get your fuck on with the house.

So wait a minute.

You know that's what I came here to talk about.

Well, tell me about it.

You got me started tracking again, but you you fuck whore houses is what you were saying.

I will forget.

Of course I'll fuck the house.

Is that what the best little whorehouse in Texas is about?

Oh, it's not about the girls.

I mean, it's about the house.

The house itself was.

That was.

This is a lot like brick and mortar.

The level of a sexy house brick and mortar.

I like that.

The original brick and mortar business is about businesses.

What you need to do is put a hole in the wall of a house and then you get a can of beans and you you attach it to the whole.

You can catch it.

Okay.

Sure.

All right.

How deep does this bean can have to be?

Oh, I mean, standard standard is okay for you.

I think I might get an extra large, but standard.

I mean, maybe a family size bean can.

What and is it personal preference vis a vis what kind of bean?

There's a vacant involved question.

I mean, is it just Boston baked bean?

Refried beans, you idiot.

Oh, got to be refried.

Okay.

So you wouldn't put like garbanzo beans on the other side of this.

I've heard about somebody fucking a can of garbanzo beans through a hole in the whorehouse.

I just laugh and laugh.

Got to be refried because I'm just thinking at the end of it, like you'd have hummus to eat.

Yeah, that's true.

Yeah, but only a city's like a real eat hummus.

You couldn't get a cowboy to eat hummus.

It wouldn't do it.

You've never seen a cowboy eating hummus.

Never even had one.

That could be the title of your I know you had a third book coming, but that could be your fourth.

That's part of what I'm here to tell you.

Have you never come of a bitch?

Have you never had hummus?

I've never had hummus.

The day I have hummus is the day I'm no longer a cowboy and I like being a cowboy.

But you're saying that's a good title of a book.

Yeah, I never seen a cowboy eat hummus.

Yeah.

For a fourth book or fifth book or.

I think that title is way too short to be the title of a book.

Could you add something on it?

Definitely.

I think you'd fill it out.

I've never seen a cowboy eat hummus and other foods and cowboys also have not eaten in my premise.

It addition to poems and observations about living life on the range humorous and otherwise by doing local.

Have you ever seen a cowboy eat quinoa?

What the fuck is that?

It's an ancient grain.

An ancient grain.

This is a good idea for a book for you because this is like an anti cookbook.

This is like foods that you don't want to eat and you don't have recipes.

There's no recipes.

No recipes involved.

This is just like a list of foods.

It's a cowboy won't eat.

Yeah.

And you're not offering any sort of substitutions or foods that you would eat.

This is merely foods that you would not eat.

Well what I have found because I do like to put recipes in my book.

There's not that many things a cowboy will eat.

It's basically beans.

Beans and weiners.

Okay.

So you get a beans and weiners when you're done with the house do you then take the beans with you to go?

Uh no quilt.

Your questions are so ignorant.

The beans are you got to get in the walls to put in the can.

Right because when you look at a wall it's not like it's a two dimensional surface.

You got to get between this like there's insulation and all sorts of stuff.

It's difficult.

So you got to put that but what I'm saying is then are you able to extricate the can of beans from the wall and then take it to go and have a nice snack later?

No I wouldn't want to eat that.

Why not?

I fucked it.

You wouldn't eat anything that you had sex with.

You know what they say.

Don't eat what you fuck.

I guess but I mean you've been out there on the range.

You're right.

Lonely lonely cowboy nights.

We've talked about this on many episodes before.

And certainly the ground has been your play call of choice.

About falling the ground.

Right.

But has there ever been a time when your horse started looking.

Whoa buddy.

I'm we've never brought this up to don't this is like we this is like that.

Hold on.

That is an outrageous question.

It is an outrageous claim but I would love to hear the answer to you suggesting that I would eat my horse.

I guess I don't know.

Never eat my.

Never eat your horse.

No I would not.

I would never buy a late the old cowboy saying don't eat what you fuck.

I never eat my horse.

That is an outrageous question for you to ask me.

No man no cowboy that ever eat his horse.

Well Dalton nice to see you.

We're of course getting back to our bro down.

Ho down.

Thanks for dropping.

No I got that.

But I haven't even said any of the things I came here to say you.

Well I have to say is important.

Hold on.

Unfinished biz.

Yeah before we get to that we do have to take a break.

You got to be kidding me.

I don't think it is okay.

As a matter of fact.

There's urgency to this stick around until after the break and then we'll allow you to talk a little bit longer before we get back to our bro down.

Okay.

All right.

So we need to take a break.

We'll be right back with more comedy bang bang after this.

Comedy bang bang we are back here.

We're in the next.

Road down.

Ho down.

And that is of course the best place to singing as it gets on a bro down.

Oh yeah.

No singing just hanging out with my favorite guy.

That's right.

Yeah.

And Dalton Wilkham.

Oh and Dalton Wilkham.

I was going to say we didn't get you know normally we talk about wanting to like get into comic book talk.

Yeah of course yeah.

Stuff that we passions that we share together.

We were about to get into that but then Dalton Wilkham.

But then there ain't no time for that baloney.

There is no time for that.

What I can't believe you guys don't remember what the mission you sent me on a year ago was because it was literally to save the goddamn world and the human race.

You got something done that already.

It seems to be ringing a kind of a bell.

The situation was that there's son of a bitch who's named after a food that you'd eat at a weeny roast and I'm not going to say no I don't don't conjure him.

Oh okay sorry.

He had a plan.

He was going to get some band some rock and roll band to be inducted into the rock and roll.

Oh yeah yeah yeah.

Oh yeah the thing that was supposed to be yesterday.

Shanna he wanted to get shanna inducted into the rock and roll.

Yeah we signed a petition for that.

I think I think we might have championed that.

Yeah that's right.

Yeah.

Fucking mistake because it turns out that Shanna now had prophesied the whole entire rock and roll Hall of Fame and if they got inducted into the rock and roll Hall of Fame all of their songs was going to come true and it was going to destroy the world.

Oh right.

This is not ringing any I believe you.

Yeah it's not ringing any bell.

It's shocking to me that you could forget this.

Well I think I sort of remember we were talking to that guy.

Yeah HD HD of course yeah HD Wells.

Ah definition.

Yeah and we were trying to we were trying to get Shanna now into the rock and roll Hall of Fame this year for 2020 because they were not inducted in 2019 and we said a year ago that we were going to try to get them inducted and then we had some sort of side conversation about where if they were to stand upon the stage at the rock and roll Hall of Fame and sing that something would happen.

Yeah all of their goddamn songs would come true.

Including Earth Angel.

We would all be angels would come to Earth.

Oh we were we angels would come to Earth and yeah.

Oh that's hot.

Everyone everyone would die and become an angel right believe and would all be teen angels we'd be reading yeah and everyone would get a job.

Everyone would get a job meeting being enslaved by Satan.

That's exactly what that means.

I'm going to worry about these teen angels.

Children would be born to hand jive.

The moon would turn blue blue moon.

Oh no.

Thank you for explaining.

Oh no.

No problem.

There will be skeletons walking around.

Tony Marones.

Yeah be terrible and of course God only I even hate to say about that purple people leader.

That would exist.

Yeah be running a muck off literally eating people and we would also find out who wrote the book of love.

Oh that's right the book of love.

You don't want to know who wrote the book that is fiery book of love.

I would love an answer to that.

Yeah well we don't want that to happen.

No you don't.

So you guys told me my job was to kill hot dog.

Oh god we did.

Yeah and specifically for some fucking reason.

Do we say that on the podcast?

I mean I don't remember leaving that kind of evidence like ordering you to kill someone.

I mean that maybe it was a suggestion.

Maybe it was implied.

Yeah I was instructed by way of a criminal conspiracy to commit murder in the first degree.

We can't be prosecuted under the Rico Act here.

But for the betterment of society it sounds like.

Well just a few minutes.

Well let's be honest like if you've been successful then we saved humanity.

Some murders are for the betterment of society.

No doubt about it.

Absolutely you got to get rid of some bad some bad apples.

Yeah bad seeds bad apples for Asians.

Just a couple of nights ago I shot the coronavirus.

You shot the coronavirus.

I don't know what you mean.

What do you mean by that?

I shot it.

With a gun?

Yeah.

What kind of situation were you in that you encountered the coronavirus?

Well the coronavirus was asking me to settle up my bar tab.

Okay.

I think you might have been drunk Tom.

Oh that's beside the point.

What does the coronavirus look like?

Is it like the mucinex mascot?

Well let's be cool.

Oh that's right.

We can't bring him up.

Because I've heard a big old being on podcasts and then getting fired from there.

Let's be cool.

Does that happen?

But didn't some sort of like each rate baby situation happen?

I don't know but let's all be cool.

All right.

Well the coronavirus was about say late 40s and a paunchy and a mustache receding hairline.

It's bad no you got to kill him but you got to call him paunchy.

Yeah and doey and I mean I'm assuming he stepped up to you in a bar and called you out or embarrassed you in front of a sexy can of beans.

I was embarrassed.

I was very embarrassed and I always have it.

I always do have a can of beans on me.

But anyways I was ordering another drink and the coronavirus told me no you got to settle up your bar tab now I'm not serving you anymore drinks and I says that's when I realized something was a mess I said are you the goddamn coronavirus.

How did you how did your mind make that leap?

I mean because usually if you haven't heard Dalton Wilkos before he encounters a lot of monsters vampires very unfortunately vampires mummies were will gremlins creatures from lagoons of all colors but this coronavirus you really did you see that in visit the invisible line man with I was watching it and I was thinking suddenly something popped to my head I was like more like Elizabeth no boss oh but I like her and it was just a joke but then I was like why did I think that I'm enjoying her well why did you think to say it on the pod.

Well I don't know yeah you wanted to share that well you thought enough of that that you were like yeah I should go ahead and say I should go ahead there I should put this into the world it may have been something I thought of this morning I said oh that was clear monsters will go is it the only thing written on your paper is Elizabeth no monster I was wondering about that myself monsters will go and see a movie about themselves so I knew that there was going to be lots of invisible man right when I saw that there were only three people in the theater so I thought but they sold all the tickets yeah yep well did an invisible man buy a movie ticket why is there I'm excited for this a movie I'm excited for this joke well that is why they wanted to it was like remember when all those Christians went to see them oh yeah the left behind and all that yeah that's so invisible man's will go try to make a visible man do you think they made the the invisible man movie in order to attract the invisible men to theater so like a visible man trap well I don't know if that's what they had in mind but that's how I treated it I went in there and I stabbed all the invisible man smart yep because some of them had become visible to watch this movie I would imagine no I just I'm telling you I walked into the movie theater where they were playing invisible man and just about every seat was empty to the naked eye yeah there's full of invisible man's and I stabbed them all and so when you go to the movie theater you don't dress up your eyes at all dress up my eyes they go naked oh my holy naked oh yeah my eyes are naked if you've seen the the recent invisible man there the I was expecting the guy to be naked the entire time that's the best part of any invisible man movie yeah is when they like kill him and suddenly he's naked oh yeah it's like that's the sexiest part of being a visible man just to see some dick yeah but then this invisible man movie no spoilers of course but he doesn't have to be naked when he's invisible his clothes get turned invisible to yeah I don't want to spoil it but that's not how he's wearing invisible clothes this was the threat the real threat is that a movie theater is going to be full of invisible man's who are naked in reality and that somebody was going to sit on him and I didn't want that was that made me sick just thinking about that sure so I someone someone putting their butt and the hole in it yeah well there on the lap of an invisible man well when Scott and I went to the invisible man screening I said oh our seats are and you said no no no I don't want to know and you just went seat by seat and just sitting on laps right being like is this my seat it was like a whole oops yeah as a oops I sat it again that's that's stupid so what did you do you just I just stabbed all the invisible man's in their seats and then these ushers came in and said hey stop vandalizing the seats and you know of course yes some of the fabric is getting stabbed sure yeah you gotta go and he's invisible man yeah and you tore up all of the theater seats oh yeah but I'd also also like created like I would assume for whatever move were you at the way do you know a movie theater you are arc light passadino okay now this now this gets it's an interesting this this reminds me of some interesting things but my question is aren't you just then when upon your successful murder of all the invisible men yeah leaving quite a mess because they are now all visible they have invisible blood or they are visible now once you kill no no that's a myth in reality they stay invisible oh they're blood is invisible he never see the blood that's the thing is the invisible man is just the coating of the man like the skin and everything invisible or are all the organs and blood and everything invisible you saw the movie well but I'm telling you it's a different it's a different situation in this new and you see the other movies I have seen the other movies well what do you think can you see this is a myth that these movies are not true to life yeah it's it's not the case that only their skin is invisible that's a bad guess it's all invisible they're out there and everything invisible right down to the bile and the like invisible diarrhea if it happens to be a diarrhea I have invisible diarrhea every day good for you but at one anyways there was ushers that came in there and the and the manager too they all turned out to be vampires they were vampires who were protecting the invisible men huh yeah that's right yeah they are in league with one that happened so they had to be taken care of so but my point is is how do you make the leap to coronavirus what do you mean usually it's well I guess it's the killer out there right now yeah you got it you got it all the coronavirus is a monster don't fool yourself was anyway anyway great to see you great to wait a minute I gotta give it up and I gotta give you the update on what I've been up to because are you reading X-Men right now yeah it's really good not only did you tell me I had to kill this goddamn hot dog guy to stop him from getting shot on on stage but yes you did but you told me that I didn't sound like I specifically had to kill him with a bullet made out of a hot dog shot out of a gun made out of a bun oh right that sounds interesting were you able to do that you got it but this has been the most pain in the ass year of my life that's I'll be honest that sounds impossible did we ask you to construct these things or to find them if they already exist you did not even specify and in a way I wish you had at least given me some direction that's like an episode of forged in fire where they give men like crazy metal tasks and they forced them to make swords out of them we gave you a hot dog bun and said make a gun out of this well you just you didn't give me the bun you just told me it's got to be a bullet made out of a hot dog that a hot dog bullet and a bun gun yeah bun gun yeah well so so you obviously were unable to do this right uh incorrect what I contacted I was I did a little snooping around and I found out about a German guy in Dusseldorf Germany works at a personal factory whoa why do you have to snoop uh could you just have like asked around uh no you got a snoop you don't could you don't want anybody to know what you're up to okay the people aren't gonna ask questions are you talking about August lint who yeah that's a fellas name oh wait I remember what I brought him here he's outside because I didn't I didn't know how to explain the science you know what I'm in all this is here you've been on this rock people with you well I brought August uh yeah I brought cuz he's alright he's been on the show before bringing him in here I'd like to talk to you all right hang on yeah I'd like to say August lint of course you know it's quite it's kind of nice that told me Wilcox is like made friends oh yeah he's reaching out to be please alone like I wouldn't consider us friends hello you guys so good to see you August lint yo it's wonderful to be here luckily I was on vacation so it was oh well comment see you guys is the coronavirus disrupting your vacation at all or your it's what Dothin just told me he killed it so that's really good okay that's why you're over here but no I have been over the past few months I have been a coronavirus tourist you know about this the coronavirus or I guess I you're going to places where you think they I'm just going to the rear of the coronavirus hotspots and starting out in vuhan sure it's been all about you know Italy I had a wonderful time I don't think you should be here man well if you're why because you're afraid I have this thing yeah yeah obviously honestly if you are going from hotspot to hotspot like that's not good I have what's known as a super case oh yeah super case like in it like an exacerbated intense concentrated dose of this yeah that's right so that's bad yeah yeah well it's fine oh it's fine oh yeah it sounds like it's fine I have been listen over the course of my life I have been to so many disease areas and I have been a hobby for you oh I just it's just I like to go on vacation to interesting places some people go to like sites of famous battles or things like obviously I'll just having you always been going to dangerous places and trying to well you know I just like to you know with this the issue is that I always have a wonderful time on vacation and so my boss mr. Schmeideberg Schmeideberg pretzels has sort of challenged me to try to go to someplace that I would not like and it hasn't happened yet you like many famously has like so many weeks of vacation well not at the Schmeideberg pretzels we only get about this yeah I think we're only gonna get about in 10 months of vacation so and what do you do with the pretzel factory again you're the guy I'm a salt inspector you inspect the song and you don't put it on the pretzels are you kidding me no what is this crazy what is the one day maybe what is the process again you inspecting the salt before or after or both before after watch and it's put on the pretzel oh before yeah after once it's put on the pretzel there was no further inspection of the salt it is considered to be pretzel verdi salt okay but I'm expecting it before because I thought there was a situation where the pretzels come one at a time and there was a yeah of course they do and there was a someone in the booth like a dummy or something like that oh yeah yeah yeah what exactly is it we don't have to remember all of this it's been a while since I've been to the office but yeah that's so every time you come back after your 10 months vacation you have to refresh your memory I don't remember who will do my job I go through training after vacations I love just training last like training six weeks six weeks and then I'm on a job for usually like two weeks and then it's back on vacation but what happens in those two weeks obviously yeah you can't even imagine all the numbers of salt that's expected yeah yeah yeah anyways I get this call from this guy this cowboy he tells me he wants to make a hot dog into a bullet and a bow and draw a gun that sounds like it's right up your alley because as far as I remember you've been doing things like this for a while right yeah well you know listen what is there's a guy who wanted to make his penis into a hot dog and serve it to mit robney then remembering yeah well he want his plan I think was to have his whole body but that's still gonna happen I think his whole body has to be turned into hot dogs into hot dogs but he especially wanted to make the first one that you served him all that's right that's in a bun yeah yeah and he was gonna enlist you in that I don't remember who that was we have a contract oh yeah we do and when he passes away I'm supposed to take possession of the body and turn it into however many hot dogs that sounds like it'll be fun for you I can't remember who that was if I was that person I would start trying to get as big as possible once I knew death was approaching oh not meaning as hard and erect as possible no as like oh oh to make as many hot dogs because I was gonna say if you're trying to get erect upon the brink of death oh I'll be honest actually that's quite common yeah I would if I knew I was gonna die soon I would just fuck as much as possible so that I would increase the likelihood of dying while fucking it doesn't seem like that happens a lot on people's death beds when they're like ready to go it seems like they're too engrossed in keeping their reputation you never see you never see that in a movie some ships the world according to garb was I one of the last movies you know I got asked me any questions about world where I thought you hadn't seen a movie in forty five you know that was the guy who shall not be named he hadn't seen a movie in forty five years that was the one thing I remember the last time we talked to him is he mentioned he hadn't seen a movie in forty five years since 1974 and we never asked what that movie was so if I ever see him again that's gonna be my first question well you might you might yeah because you've got to shoot up today with a hot dog we were shooting him today that's the point today is the day okay good because I mean at a certain point we're gonna summon him I was gonna tell you yeah that we are in a pretty advantageous situation oh based on what you were saying earlier in that the rock and roll Hall of Fame has been postponed it's been postponed so maybe we don't need to do this get them and I'm afraid you're entirely wrong oh boy it hasn't been postponed they're gonna do it in secret what what a shadow ceremony yep they're gonna do it in the catacombs of the Hall of Fame no the secret catacombs that we all know exist just another name for a cave is another name for a cave they're gonna take to the caves and they're taking it to the cave taken to almost almost got him here look you know those motherfuckers are getting inducted this you know those doobies oh doobies look we have to take another break so it's been nice being you know you can't like it on a good night and I get a bunch of pop up August so good scene yeah that's great to be here you got and when we come back we're gonna just returning to the bro down oh no I'm gonna tell you Clara and Rick Remender's black science no god damn it there's important things to do all right stick around then when we stick around I guess we'll summon that guy I guess is a showman and kill him all right great well stick around for that we'll be right back with more comedy baby after this the comedy bang bang back here with Jason and Zukas the dink dink man taken into the caves taking into the caves and thrilled to be here having a great time with my best bud it's great to see you it's great to see you no matter what is going on in the world here we are on the precipice of spring sure I mean with a spring I would some would say that spring has actually sprung and I'm I'm not sure about that may I politely suggest that there's no time for this mall talk god damn it humanity is it's like everybody knows it's spring is a season and it's so nice though in the springtime weather starts to change no you don't like springtime I like the summertime when it's hot well that spring means it's closer not always not ever winter whatever year my friend yeah they skipped summer everyone said wow they do skip so we have headed to happen out on the range anyways do we have time for that kind of small talk no look the point is that I was able to make a hot dog bullet an aban gone you were able to do this but it was very difficult because a hot dog doesn't want to be a bullet you know no a hot dog is primarily a I don't know why I'm explaining the concept of hot dog everybody knows really where did you start with the bullet or the gun I started with the bullet because I thought what's the point to have to gotten if you can't find a bullet so so a hot dog does not want to be a bullet it wants to sort of it's a it wants to disintegrate I would imagine and be a hot dogs want to be eaten yes also they're so they're not solid really at all that's like it's I would think that they would have been almost like casing guns in a way wouldn't it have been like just bouncing off people yes there was all kinds of problems in the testing phase of this and what we ended up doing was freezing it so solid yeah it's it's becomes a solid and so the bullet has to be kept packed in dried ice until just a moment you gotta use it this is like that perfect murder where the the woman like beats her husband to death yeah frozen thing a lamb and then yeah sit while the police are investigating eating the the murder weapon like right under their very noses well that's a side benefit of this because if somebody is investigating this murder they'll say well I don't know what happened to this guy but he's got a little bit of a hot dog in his heart he must have eaten a hot dog yes earlier today went straight to his heart by the time the police come it'll be honest thought no mean his particular nickname no one will be surprised right certainly no of course this guy whose name is the very thing that is within his body yeah yeah yeah yeah exactly wow and if the the bond gun was actually not that hard really good that seems to me like it would be the hard I don't think I could make a gun if you hate me a million dollars I think there has to be like yeah like a hammer and if I had a 3d printer and could get some plans off the internet maybe I could make a gun hang on guy the trick was just to get to a bond with no preservatives and let it go stale and put a trigger on it and that was really it was it it was already took yeah it works fine just a trigger yeah you gotta put a trigger on it to the bond to the best one okay yeah so is that easy that was really I guess put a trigger on anything it could be a good trigger on it yeah yeah so that part was that took no time at all that was like a fewer trigger warnings and more triggers yeah sorry trigger warning everyone we're talking about triggers on this episode oh yeah god damn it and it's just liquors getting triggered lifting right do you when you hear trigger do you think of the Lone Rangers horse primarily oh yeah I'll think of that and then I think there's a part of a gun called a trigger I don't know could you put a trigger on anything really and turn it into a functional gun I'll handle this question yes so could you put a trigger on trigger the horse I'll handle this question it was done what well the lost episodes of the Lone Ranger oh the lost episode yeah we're here he lost his gun that's right he lost his gun and he had to turn his a horse into a gun and so he put a trigger on his underside and was firing silver bullets out of his mouth why is he firing silver bullets because the Lone Ranger always fired at the right yeah yeah yeah yeah he was a werewolf on it but they they never said it experience we've never talked about this were you inspired by him oh no I know I know I know you know a lot about him I do know I had heard I've heard of the honeymooners oh yeah sure those are real good so you remember that I'm telling I'm full up knowing stuff yeah anyways what was important oh yeah we're gonna kill a guy oh right right right so you were able to do this everything is fine and how long of a did it take you it took you all year to do this well it took about half a year and then there was a part because this fella about name a hot dog he's he intimated last time he was here that he had moved he had had his heart surgically moved that's right because he he did not want anyone to be able to kill him so yeah so that this could so we had to go through a very long process to find out where his heart is what do you do it and let me ask you this do you only have one bullet do you only have one shot at this yeah I think when we talk last time it was going to be too hard to make two bullets is that right yeah well yes it's really difficult to make even one so we made a one yeah I have such a question yeah sorry you have such a question I have such a quick question is this sorry what I mean Dalton did you enjoy living in Germany for the last year no I absolutely did not I don't care for German people I'm sure as hell don't care for Europe and Dusseldorf is what you would call a city so it was full of literal Europeans and city slickers oh wow and two things you don't like or actually we don't consider ourselves foreign us in our own country well you are so but you were there it's all you made the single bullet and found his heart how did you ask how did you ask how did you ascertain where the well we we organized a water skiing competition oh of course we said that one of the rules was that all the entrants have to submit to a chest x-ray and what was the what did you find purported excuse for why one would need an x-ray in order to engage into a water I was gonna say water slide competition that would be fun a water slide competition that would be great it was a water skiing competition you didn't even know what a skiing was a year ago that's right I know I'm organizing goddamn what and it was such a success we got to do it again next year too now I'm in the business of organizing water skiing competition without a man that's your main business it's well it was the biggest one that took off last year wow yeah it defrayed all the cost of this do so door who won who won the water skiing cut well it turned into a real problem because a surfer won oh no yeah a surfer who was just trying water skiing for the first time yeah yeah he won the content he was an interloper in their in their own and oh yeah it was a lot of bad blood so athletic that he was able to pick it up right off the bat yeah yeah what was he skiing on he was skiing on a surfboard that's part of all that should be you've got to put something in the rules about that next year oh believe me that's in the rules this time because I don't want another brawl also put something in there about dogs not being able to compete because that has been exploited another sport what are you talking about you got to put the dog on the water ski there budclaws you got to get it out of here I don't know that kind of that was fun that happened that's my favorite of the Santa Claus movies here budclaws here if you kill air bud you become it yes oh everybody knows that we're killing air bud today oh we might I would love to kill air bud I youth and eyes youth and eyes I mean you know let's be politically correct about it all right well great to see you know god never so much that anyway we took a chest x-ray and we found that sure enough he had had his heart surgically moved like only about an inch and a half an inch and a half which direction over to toward the middle because the heart is in the middle no it's off to one side well that's the human heart I believe more on the left side he just had it he just I believe isn't that the the what people think when they put their hand over their hearts that it's on the left side but it actually is in the middle well then maybe he didn't move it at all you think you got bad info I don't know but it was it was well no he had a scar he had a scar down his chest I remember saying we were talking we were talking from a water skiing accident oh that's very possible but we were saying it's absurd that he had himself cracked open an ad on his heart only moved about an inch and a half to the side we thought that was a ridiculous but maybe he didn't even maybe so the heart the heart is actually quite accessible I was nervous he would have moved it someplace really difficult yeah down that is what I would have thought yeah put your heart in your knee bury my heart at wounded knee is that very quest that no no you would like us to do that beautiful tale of savages being murdered I don't think we should say savages oh right so you know that oh right yeah yeah so if it happened down and you would not even have a warning yeah you would not have even have known where it is because this was a chest x-ray you should have done a full body skin well that's a good point if we had done the chest x-ray and found that there wasn't a heart in there at all we would have had to come up with some reason to do other parts of the water skiing competition oh man well thank god it was there okay so you found it so you know where it is now I know just where to shoot I've been practicing shooting people right in the center of the chest I mean targets regular vampires yay I've been killing vampire targets regular vampires I've been killing you know what I've been hunting mostly these days is product ghosts oh okay and I've been shooting right in the middle of the chest so those are those are real people those are just shoppers who don't buy any yeah you're going into the gap and these are killing people who don't buy the clothes they try on you think they're humans but in reality these are people who go into a changing room trying a bunch of stuff and then say no thanks that's a product ghost and I told you was a thing Jason you know what listen I don't like the gap that much either no so I understand why people aren't necessarily buying things I don't necessarily think that means a difference you would do a photo spread for the gap would you not wearing their clothes you look like you're wearing gap clothes sure of course I would of course I would close the good on the dummies anyways you just call me a dummy oh I didn't mean to but yes well great to see you know we gotta do we gotta do this thing what are we doing we've got to kill hot dog and you keep seeing his well you gotta say if you want to conjure him you gotta say it about 11 or 12 times no you got to ask him what's oh catchphrase yeah okay before we do it though we need a plan what are we doing alright when he comes in here I'm gonna hide in that closet okay with Dalton Wilcox and this can your dog smoke cuts that's what I mean it's gonna be me don't will cops August lent and this can a refried beans I'm gonna go hide in that one again is open and obviously drunk August you may not want to go into that closet no I've listened I've seen it a few times already so you're gonna go in the closet and then we're gonna summon hot dog and then time is right I'm gonna burst out of that class when the time is right this is the part where the plan gets a little vague for me what are we supposed to do you just keep him busy keeping busy keeping busy because it takes a little while to get the fish the hot dog bullet out of the dry house do it now before you go and get ready now he's not here yet if he walks in here and I'm sitting here he's gonna turn around and walk right out listen to me one of us at some point he's gonna say what's up hot dog oh Jason you did you really fuck hey what's going on you guys it's been hot dog great to see him man who's running into that closet oh that's no that's the janitor here at the studio that's the janitors to them there's two people running and the canopy and the canopy three different paychecks yeah but yeah they were a team they work as a team three different appearance fees which great to be here you guys it's great to see you on real real busy man I'm really busy busy busy what's going on we talked to you about a year ago any water skin this year I've done a lot of water skin I did a water skin competition where oh how did you add did you place oh well no it turned out a surfer one oh we beat him to death on the beach wow wow when that's tough right after the competition or well right after he's he well we we noticed that he was on a surfboard we did we were mad and then when he came to shore he was like haha surfer one at water skiing competition oh why did he have to rub it in right are you able were you gonna let him go but for that and then he was going to ask him some questions we're gonna find what's going on here right you know what's going on maybe he's not maybe he's a water skier who just happened to have made a mistake sure it's easy like well pick up your surfboard and set of your ski sure like that give him an opportunity to get out of it you know we thought maybe he was out there making fun of surfers you know what I mean sure yeah he's doing it ironically yeah that's what that's the way I was the question is this ironic or is this sincere turns out he was a surfer and he was rubbing it in our faces and then we just had to be you know we're I don't think we meant to beat him to death but what you mean to mean to beat him to well I was thinking coma would be appropriate beat him to coma like a three month coma give him like 10 something to think about what he thought that's right that's right that's right it's time to ruminate I get it I won't do that again at a point yeah but he's dead yeah okay but anyway that was only that was just one day but cuz I'm well you know I've been busy trying to get shot on on to the rock or a whole we talked about that last time you're here yeah they it didn't happen for 2019 and you were upset about that and we were gonna try to see if they could get on in 2020 right in the meantime have you been successful at all in joining Shanna well at this point they saved the skis off of you they did they sued they sued those skis off me when you had your tribute band not shot yeah they didn't care for that yeah and then they sued you and exclusively for your skis yeah they sued me for my skis how did you engage in this competition then were you able to get skis in the well the same people that took my chest x-ray gave me a pair of skis just for better yeah yeah it was nice to them I mean I was so I was thrilled with that but yeah sounds like a great competition is it happening next year apparently it is yeah it was a real success yeah it's a big money maker big money maker people went crazy for this one free competition get into this the interview for the company yeah it was I think it came out to eighty five hundred dollars once you did all the fees there's all that's including a pair of skis yeah it turned out to be yeah yeah yeah yeah but anyway so the I I have managed to get Sean on now into the rock and roll Hall of Fame through the hardest possible way of doing it but it had this was the only way to do it I I had a hunch that the doobie brothers were going to be inducted and so over the course yeah it did happen yeah over the course of this year I have one by one replaced every member of the doobie brothers with a member of Sean on a what slowly so that no how did you do this well I started off with Jeff Baxter of the doobie brothers well that's yeah he's easy picking yes backs nobody pays attention to Jeff Baxter I replaced him with Donnie York and it went just fine and know it none of the other doobies notice I could understand I mean luckily these two bands have the exact same number of members and it's a lot of members ooh follow the money it all adds up and what did you do with Baxter back well he all of these guys all of the doobie brothers are in a dungeon in the Sean on a so they're still a lot swapped to them like the doobies aren't currently touring as Sean on a people would be people would be furious at that kind of life swap or not if people came to a Sean on a show and it turned out to be the doobie brothers they would be fucking furious right so the doobie brothers they've had a busy year because I mean Sean on a they've been carrying on as Sean on a and as the doobie brothers it's been difficult they've been doing double shows do double shows so it's very difficult because you know some well sometimes a casino will have two rooms and they'll play about sure anyway also the doobies Baxter notoriously hate doo op music oh I know well so he had a pretend Donnie York had a pretend to hate doo op music very difficult then we're working we swap John Hartman for Gene Jerramillo okay we swap Tom Johnson for Jocko these are pretty much even swaps here yeah I wouldn't be disappointed either way to see either of these that's right Keith Knudson we swap for downtown Michael Brown okay Michael McDonald of course this is the hard one yeah Michael McDonald well that's rocking Randy okay yeah right they seem to have different kinds of voices though I don't know but it's straight yes yes when you go see the doobie brothers has such an iconic for you's got yeah I know but but this is the thing nobody suspects that this is gonna happen like if you had some clue that maybe somebody has been one by one swapping out the members of the doobie brothers with Sean on our you would notice but nobody thinks nobody no one would yeah no one right but it's missing people who listen to this podcast I mean admittedly like the the couple hundred people that do they would find out by you telling them right now no but it doesn't matter because this is this podcast is coming out after the secret induction ceremony in the catacombs of the rock and roll Hall of Fame right John McPhee swapped him out with screaming Scott Simon oh of course yeah Tyran Porter swapped him out with Tim Butter by the way this is already more members than I thought right it is a lot of members this the last one Patrick Simmons of course you know we had to swap him out with Ty Cox that's not a that's not a completely equal swap but I get it I don't know what it makes the most of his Bowser but John Bowser bounds and we have John Bowser is not in has not been in shot enough for a long time I mean not even since was he involved during the match game Hollywood Square time yeah yes he was still with Sean and I was the golden years where they know no the golden years are right now shot at the golden years are about to happen yes they are so this is coming out the day after the the the secret induction which I guess is not so secretive or everyone knows about it can I ask but it's happened nobody it's happening it's happening tonight okay tonight is now I know that you are not obviously in the doobie brothers and you were doing a full swap you've never been in the doobie brother but in I had no time of everyone at any point when you had access to the personnel lineup of Shana why not put yourself in they will they have been very clear they will let me in the group if you're the last man on earth yes I am the last man on earth which will happen after I get them into the rock and roll okay but then they won't be there to let you in who will you harm it no they're going to ascend they're they're ascending to be lords over the earth I don't remember the mythology entirely yeah yeah they're all I don't want to dwell on it because it's confusing but it may not have exactly nailed it down last time you're here but it's essentially they're they're going to rule over the earth and over these angles that's fine that's fine and hot dog here is going to be the last man on earth will get to be in Shana na na na and will rule with them that's right right and there's absolutely nothing that could prevent any of this from coming to pass that's so cool things for popping by a man is son of a bitch whoa I had no idea that this guy was here I'll be honest I forgot Dalton was here that's got to be the janitor what hot dog what yeah get ready for what for your end my friend for the under your life hot dog what's up hot dog your death hot dog what are you talking about what's what's down yeah hot dog as in six feet under yeah you guys try and shut me I'm gonna get killed today but we're just keeping you busy these were our instruction he's clearly trying to fumble putting this hot dog he hasn't even taken it out of the dry ice yet well probably this is very fucking cold on the fingers well we're those we're those gloves I told him he should put the gloves on he says that they're too feminine what if you guys let him handle it god don't will cocks August lint this is hot dog yeah and you're I've listened to you son of a bitch this is a hot dog bullet and I'm gonna shoot it out of this button right at your heart oh no you can't you don't even know where my heart is I think what hot dog actually what I think that last time you're on the show you told some story about moving your heart so that he wouldn't he wouldn't shoot you directly in the center of your chest where your heart is but what Dalton put on take off that fake mustache and reveal your real mustache what remember me oh x-ray technician for a water skiing competition I told you my name was Walton Dilcox that's my alias but it's me don't well Cox oh shit I thought Walton Dilcox was your name that you changed to do by the way one of the last time you're let's not like it let's not like it did change my name to Walton Dilcox but it didn't work it didn't stick no anyway do you like that is your shadow self yeah do you recognize him hot well and Dilcox like watches lots of pop culture TV oh he's the opposite of me yeah he's a city liquor he loves love is blind yeah do you recognize Europe I love Europe well and Dilcox do you hot dog do you recognize Walton Dilcox I do recognize well you put together a hell of a water skiing competition I mean that was one of the best of all time it was really great and a really invigorated water skiing I know you're gonna do it next year and I can't wait you don't have to wait you're gonna do the water skiing competition that's not what I meant I was excited you're gonna die here we go ready I am president trigger of the hot dog done right now it was very quiet that's it's like it's almost like if you put a trigger on a bun it's like a silencer the bun sort of cushions the sound it absorbs the sound yeah he did shoot him he's well guys yeah there's a definitely a hot dog fragment in my heart yeah he got it I think I was getting to the point that you were lying about moving your heart right that was in order to throw him off the I moved it slightly had moved at 16 millimeters well that's not enough you can't move a heart that much it still have a function like a heart it was hard enough to find a doctor to do that especially someone who is like competing at the high level you are physically where did you get this procedure done was that on a boat somewhere yeah I was on on a boat way out international waters well that's right where the laws don't apply who perform what doctor did you find well I don't know that he was necessarily really a doctor he was was he wearing snakeskin pants oh my god well he was dressed head to tone snakes oh that's a friend of ours from the Arklight Pasadena oh really hot dog are you are you man I can feel the life draining oh no we want to just tell you that like we had no choice yeah sorry that we had to align ourselves with Dalton Wilcox here and in August Lynn to but unfortunately we want to remain alive past tonight and so I understand you know we're recording this we wanted it to come out okay can I can I plug a few things before I die oh wait for plugs wait for plugs well I don't know that I'll be around because I'm losing a lot of blood just wait for it we we're gonna have to suffer through the song if I have to suffer through the song you're gonna have to yeah so tell you what let's get to it before he dies it's time for a little something we call plug it's a short one still with us hot dog that was big plugs by big clown thank you so much for that all right so what did you want to plug hot dog the doobie brothers which is made up of the members of Sean and I was performing at the morongo casino and it's the weekend of April 21st that's coming right up and coming up yeah Sean and I was performing the very next night so they had scheduled these even though they thought the world was gonna end this is a contingency plan yeah plan B essentially yeah this is the doobie brothers plan B tour no I think it was like they set up these dates for the new they just suspect that the world is because if suddenly doobie brothers stop touring everyone's suspicious yeah exactly exactly what's going on what's going on doobies don't have any dates planned why would they not capitalize on their performance at the course your mind goes to maybe shot at all has been replacing them one time and then you see it then you suddenly see the day you see the architecture yes yes exactly so anyway I guess they're gonna go through with that gig okay morongo because that's a big room anyway yeah classroom okay oh uh anything else go to the water skiing hall of fame maybe now that I'm dead people will put me in the water skiing hall of fame down there in Polk Florida maybe in that parking lot it's in the parking lot right yeah it's like a such a viscous fluid that's leaking red it's so thick yeah well I've had almost looks like ketchup Jason anything you want to plug here the house obviously still sure sure you can rent can buy the how did this get made podcast right here on the ear wolf network yes of course let's see I will also plug I'm enjoying strange tales the new Tom King Mitch Garrett's book oh yes what else I don't know yeah I don't know either I got a podcast to you son to be oh yeah Dalton what do you got bananas for Bonanza bananas for Bonanza every episode of Bonanza yep every sit we're gonna make 431 episodes of this podcast I thought it was Bonanna for Bonanza no we're not shot on our why the adult you think Dalton would have a shot on I just I see that word and I think Bonanna no it's not it's not a non-amienza it's bananas for Bonanza go okay and we're it's on it's happening right here on the ears wolf and okay and you can check it out it's gonna be every single goddamn episode of Bonanza gets talked about in each episode of this show all right let's see I I would plug comedy bang bang the TV show on Netflix right now if you're in the United States go ahead one kick back at home and watch all 110 episodes of that listen if you are if you I will say this that's a good point if you are under a self-imposed quarantine if you are self-quarantined yourself there's a lot of great TV stuff to be that all of us have done that you can be bingeing this is the time when people should be catching up on all that there's a show called review that's out on DVD by the way one of my favorite show by the review DVD yeah Amazon on Amazon on on layer time I lose by review on Amazon got a whole lot of extra some commentaries I was on an episode of it it was fantastic I got to ask to participate I got to smash a car with a lead pipe it was so fun all right well it's a before hot dog totally expires let's close up the old plug bag you start with a sea when you're almost successfully killed my man then you holy shit oh god no don't open it up close it forever don't the ratio cost and then he just says no no no no no no no what why is this part of it this is awful shame on everyone involved oh god make it stop can you make it stop just push a button I'm looking right at you push the button he knows about battles push the button is better push it but that of course is the closing up the plug bag remix Michael Hardigan remix Jason man Zuka's remix that's sort of like singing isn't it that is the only singing I will allow singing you get you had kind of a runny James deal scream at the yeah I enjoyed that by the way that was great yeah well done well done with my last breath I'd like to do a little bit of singing oh by the way hot dog before you expire I did want to ask you are you the you're the guy who want your body to be turned into hot dogs right oh yeah well this August of a distance very convenient August is the guy that you have the contract with yeah that's great I will just I'll bring the I'll bring your body back to Germany and they'll take care of it there was that this works out great this is a very good and you still want your penis to be served to make Mitt Romney right I want most of my body to be served to the members of Sean I know and that I do specifically want my penis serve him and I don't remember why I don't remember why either but it was something oh that's because hot dog was his favorite meat yes I believe so he said that hot dog was his favorite meat yeah well we're gonna find out if he really means it when he eats my penis off what a solid prank what a fucking solid thanks Scott I just want to say I've had such a great time here to a great time with you like I love that we I'm sad we didn't get to go down 650 but like what a delight wait we did hot dog go what do you mean where do you go he's gone what the book wait is where not no go I don't know I was looking at my phone why were you looking at your phone for because I was looking up deals on travelocity I guess it makes sense did he escape are you plugging travelocity yeah I'll try to talk about this during plug section I don't think we have a deal with him right there's got the best deal better than kayak better than try pick a pediorems what happened did he slip out the back jacket I think he slipped out the backjack what the hell god damn it no a lot of people don't know if this studio has a backjack and that you can get a was he thinking was he playing possum she playing possum that old you know what I think I think he might have moved his heart again wait a minute wait a minute no was he playing three dimensional chest hang on god damn it I've got that x-ray I've got that chest x-ray with me I can show you right here with that ain't a heart what is it that thing there in the middle what is that it's a phony heart a foe heart he put a phony heart in the middle of his chair no God damn he was please steps ahead of you at least wow well you got us again hot dog you got us again well I mean well hopefully the doobie stones perform tonight tell you what go kill the doobie brothers instead oh yeah I could have done that to begin with well I guess I'm headed to the Cleveland Rock and Roll Hall fame the catacombs to the catacombs yeah kill the doobie brothers for us I'm very comfortable in catacombs you can use regular bullets for that I think uh listen I'm a whatever means I have available to me I think they might be monsters anyway the doobie brothers doobie brothers are currently shinana sure yeah hang on what oh yeah just to be safe kill shinana and a doobie brother for us just like think they'll do that yes they're to shoot and honestly can I just add Chicago to the list yeah puts you know who else would be being adopted nine inch nails okay I'll take them out while I'm at it please yeah the notorious B.I.G. I'm gonna okay he's already been taken care of I'm gonna kill him again what about the Thompson twins are they no they're not Depeche Mode though okay they're I've been wanting to kill man oh man hopefully Vince Clark doesn't show up well from yes well he he started with the best yeah right yeah well and then there's others and the rest and the rest are Marianne of course they're inducting the professor and Marianne of the problem all right kill all that God sorted out Gary Flowers junior I'm gonna kill that son of a bitch if this episode comes out we'll know you've been successful in killing everyone okay all right we'll see you next time bye goodbye.

bye.

♪♪♪♪ I'm going to go ahead and get a little bit of a look at the next slide.
