---
layout: page
title: 651. Ben Schwartz, Thomas Middleditch [https：⧸⧸cloudfront.wolfpub.io⧸CBB-651-20200302-MiddleditchSchwartz-SKv02-PW.mp3].mp3.wav
category: cbb 
---

♪♪♪ On warm days and summer nights, I dress my dog in tiny tights.

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

Thank you to Meredith Baxter Burnie Sanders for that catchphrase division.

Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey!

And welcome to Comedy Bang Bang for another week. 420, by the way.

Whoa! Hey! Spark it up! Spark it up! Spark it up! Spark it up! Yes, re-first. Thank you.

Yes, Bob Marley, thank you very much. These are all good references and germane to what we're doing today.

Oh, geech, man! Oh, geech, Jon! You like both of them? Wow!

Is that controversial?

Yeah, well, I don't know. I mean, I'm more of a born-and-a-destel-a guy. He owed Brennan's grips. Okay, sure. He's half baked. Did he do half baked?

Yeah, he wrote half baked.

Very good. Very good. Welcome to the show. My name's Scott Ocherman. We have a great episode this week. Coming up a little later, we have some very interesting people. But before we get to them, let's get to the really, really interesting people because they're in showbiz, which is the greatest business. One of the most wonderful industries that America has offered. Can I say something? Please do! There is no business. Period? Okay.

There are no businesses. Do you know what I mean? I do so wanna know what we mean. There's a no business. In 2020, yeah, there are. Feel the burn.

Feel the burn. There's no business.

There's no business. Let me explain what's going on here.

They have both been on the show before. They are great friends of the, I don't wanna say friends of the pod because I feel like another podcast says that. But they're friends of mine and they're on this show.

They have a new special or specials coming out. What a perfect, watch this all of you, Thomas is gonna fucking slam it down. Here we go. Thomas is gonna slam it down. Slam it.

There you go. Damn! Did you hear that? We have three long form improv specials coming in Netflix. We'll get to that. But you just said it. You just talked about it. I have to introduce you. What are they called? Middle-ditch and shorts. Middle-ditch and shorts. And if you know those names, you know who's here because it is Tommy the Middle D and the elegant Mr. S, Ben and Swab, Ben and Gwen. Ben and Shwarx and Thomas Middle's Ditch are both here. Hello, you can go book. So what is that? You can go book while you're working. I don't know what that is. Do you see a lot of like shoes? Go go the ba-da ba-da ba-da ba-da ba-da ba-da ba-da-da-da-da-da. That was a Fagan song. See, I was the original dog. Is that from Oliver? You were the artful daughter where? Where? The Kinepital team in life. Nelson British Columbia. Nelson British Columbia. Yeah, for the Summer Musical Theater program. Whoa! Whoa! Whoa! Whoa! Me, oh, geez, maybe about 17. Oh, that's a sexy time in a boy's life. Yeah, our twist, our Oliver twist. On Oliver twist.

Oh! Was that it was set in 1980s punk London. So the Dickens you I know, so my art for our Fred out your head green hair whoa, this is my crazy Leather jacket What?

Please let me there were spikes. Fuck off copat like that kind of stuff doing the to say fuck off no That would have been so awesome is like the last show you were like, yes, what?

No way you're not no way you're not gonna yeah. I was not a bad fuck off all of it. I enjoyed the rules Scott you did By the rule well you may have seen By the way if there are any anyone listening to this show right now who saw that production I would love to hear your reviews. I would love to see pics.

Oh god. I would love this is their picture of you in it Um, I don't know there's a picture of me I have a picture of me months after like dying the hair, but it's still like a little bit like yeah And it's really weird little and it's awful and I'm just like proudly sitting in front of my computer I was one of what are you doing in that computer that day?

Baby game where you play game where you play what game does a 17 or maybe even 18 at this point?

Year old play at that point. Jeez. What did I probably played?

I probably played like team fortress the like mod or like gen one counter stress Oh, of course, but this isn't how did this get played? This is of course comedy bang Oh, no, it's the stars. That'd be a great podcast. How did this get played? Well, it exists and it's on this very network Oh, yeah, never heard of it. Okay. Wow. Jesus Thomas Christ Let's talk to these guys. They both been on the show before they both been on together and they both been on separately So we run the habit boring today I'm boring. Hey, I'm bored. Oh, I love it now. I've invested now For me Turns it out Pretty Rob by the way, is he saying heard understood received and accepted is that like is it an acronym?

Is it when he says who are or is it a thing? I thought it was what the isn't that what the Armies yeah, it is the saying but I'm wondering if it's an acronym for something because like or is it just made up gibberish?

I've always understood it to be like heard understood received accepted. Oh, but I don't know great Well, it's like it's a battle cry, but he goes whoa, but I think maybe they heard understood accepted Maybe that's why I can't really figure out exactly like, you know, what it is. I want someone to tell me I want my mommy to come tell me okay. Here she comes. Hi Scott. What's going on? Mommy mommy tell me what who I mean Get down on your knees. Let me spank that but oh, of course All right, take care Scotty Respect Jesus, that's why you never trust your mother That's exactly correct. That's the one thing that we all want to tell you out You're a young child out there do not trust your mother don't trust mommy Because mommy could be lying to you Let me just want to do pew and spank your bottom Tell me about these wonderful specials they come out tomorrow on 4 21 Yes, is there any conversation like I want these out on 420 so the people can get high and watch them Exleted we knew we knew our brand was pot brand sure we were the cannabinoid bros at one we are the cannabinoid bros You know me the guys never spoke weed before you've never smoked it at all Edibles you eat an edibles I did mushrooms last night this guy's not even touching the reef I won't touch it. Whoa when how was your mushroom experience? That's pretty miles Crazy shit, bro. No, it's a crazy shit. You've seen on your mushrooms and any mushrooms free you've ever done Or ayahuasca or anything like I think one of the most impactful ones was though This is back in back in Nelson times No, what are Nelson no no in Canada Nelson's up in Canada.

Oh, you can't just say Nelson Charles Nelson Riley very tiny town, so you're correct to say So but it kind of the town is like in this valley where there's a you know like you know to make a sound beautiful It is quite gorgeous But on the other side of the mountains there's not there's only a few houses and then just the way the lights on that house On on the on the mountain and in the river in the night It looked like the entire mountain was like an electronic robot woolly mammoth that was sort of like perpetually coming towards me Whoa lovely time incredible. How was how was the valley guarded?

The valley guarded was guarded by the woolly mammoth, but I mean just generally in Nelson Or is there some sort of perimeter gate or guards?

We have a stout militia. Oh my god. Yeah, they keep people at bay by giving them free hugs and really Glory, I said look at visit. I'd love to go up there with you. I tell you what it's a place for visiting Not for living I took a coating ones coating cough syrup and it made me hallucinate and I saw bearded men in a circle It's from coding. Yeah from cut from from a little lean.

Yeah Lean you saw other things that you saw men you saw a man with a bearded man Are you sure what I'm a beard and man? That's not so weird sounds like half sleep and then he kept coming up to me being like Where's my neighbor what so you's doing home improvement stuff? I could have just been watching the neighbor Well, you might have been watching family feud. I was watching family. Oh, okay. Sorry. He's on that too He he hosted Richard Karnes his name is Richard Karnes. Isn't it? I believe he hosted That badly you wanted kind verse Karnes both Richard's going at each other just King Richard's car Karnes is clever. We can't lose. Yeah. Yeah, I would love to do that. You ever want to go on family feud We should go on together. I would love family feud. I love family. Hey, I mean nowadays with the celebrities They're just like friends now. It's not even family. You know, we should just go on together three of us You know, I think it's a I think it's a Vick Burger joint He's got the greatest video of it's like I think it's called Steve Harvey doesn't want to host a family feud anymore Oh, I gotta check out this video. It's just yeah. I got a good wreck vid recommended Okay, wait, it's just the part of the show where we recommend vids Okay, so this from you is a big burger big burger joint And it's just like a bunch of a series of just the most s9 sad depressing answers of just like people being like fart And then cut to Steve looking depressed I mean, it's all you know, it's not it's not if there's something like boobs for instance They don't even just say boobs. They say like those jiggly wiggles down below There was a period of my life where I was watching it all the time really we all have those what's your video?

You want to plug oh my video?

You ever see that this it's really interesting this guy goes to a movie theater on a date And he's watching a werewolf movie and suddenly like really stop the music video thriller Oh, I guess he wasn't talking about a thriller at one point.

Yeah, singing about it. Oh, you were saying no You're right, you're right, you're right, you're right This is thriller he was saying this is a thriller. He might have been doing it on like in a musical cadence Yeah, he literally sang thriller Yeah, that's Michael Jackson. I don't see what the fuss is about. Okay. Well, I saw I fact I recommend a video Yeah, please the artist not the art. Yeah, sir, or the art not the art. Yeah, either one Yeah, just choose In or out this is a video you can you can watch oh good I love those types of videos on the computer and it's fucking amazing I could probably watch it on my cell phone probably you could have watched it in the picture when you were 17 years old with the Slightly green hair. Well, that's the thing. There's this kid. Oh Here we go. We already got me Let's get it. Let's get them up above I saw a little bit of 18 and we'll be all right hanging out with like an old dude Dark man, I know was dark for watching. I had no idea I love that somehow recorded when this guy let this kid go into his car What and a car kid going to his car and he drove huh and the motherfucker just disappeared in there These two fired track marks where the car was just like Build out It went in mouth for that's correct. Yeah Yeah, yeah, this I mean I called a video think so yeah, did he there were like sorry guys Are we are we goofing me are we all just having a good time?

Big burger Like the watch videos when we get back to don't say anything Yeah, yeah, you know I mean cuz he'll react weird What's the point And this is what your specials are about right is it literally line for line That's exactly what our special. Yeah, we were just reenacting and I'm right guest star on these right. Yeah, yeah Confuse everybody so hey look back to these species. Yes, do it. Yeah back to the future for four 21 Tomorrow day after today sure we know what tomorrow means and it's a Netflix ever heard of it big major streaming Millions long for me and prop you know that Not too many of these things floating around long or long for very few comedy specials, okay So let's break totally different ones you guys have been we've talked about on the show before you guys have been out there touring the Country doing Carnegie Hall Chicago theater Philly right an auditor doing two man improv shows all improvise getting one to get talking to an audience member I'm getting a little bit than doing an hour long show Seems characters things intersect and interweave there's a story you could walk on me like I was a lovely little I don't made up all made up. I remember any of it. Nothing none of it will stick with me But it was wonderful, but now it will because it's recorded now. It's finally right so you you guys Decided hey, this was fun. What's that cameras? Hey?

We tried to sell it for quite some time. We finally did yeah So you know what afraid to say yes to a show they go But what's it about like a bullet kind of made up on the spot like yeah?

But what what's it gonna be about like we literally we have no idea?

They have to did they did you have to go pitch it to them or did they come see a show and went? Oh, okay?

We pitched it to him. Yes, we come see a show. It was a whole campaign. It was hard. It was very difficult. It's a frill It was very very different. I've seen that on Netflix. No, that's how it is about someone someone here is in it What you're in the campaign yeah, dude, you shouldn't ask it like that like it's such a shock Wow How did you get in the campaign bro? I just you know they brought me on cuz I done you audition What number were you on the call sheet?

Pretty far down pretty far down. How far down?

You turn it to a z 73 Yeah, I mean probably double digits for the low double digits load low double ditch It's hot. That's the highest possible double did oh my gosh This is incredible So if you like the campaign you like these no it has nothing to do with the campaign Yeah, it's a pretty far so you guys are doing these improv specials none of its planned Do you have like go-tos where you like hey let me play the old man character?

We don't have anything we think about whatever happens happens and that's the biggest risk And that's why it's the hardest that was a harder thing to sell because we have no idea what the subject's gonna be All about what the audience would just absolutely suck and there's a chance that it could out of it out of all the shows You do how many suck just like really bad yeah, you're like really like stingy any Really really really Are you right now we don't do the piece take you We've been we've been doing it for a long time together So our shows like I mean we'll we'll have notes afterwards for ourselves I'm like I would could have done that better that better But I think we're in a place where the shows are pretty good now when you're gonna come on oh yeah, man Oh shit, I love this stuff man. I love them. So you guys did you have three specials they all come out at the same time so you can Go book book book book. I want a middle-edged sword on that place you go right now You can even put them in your list right now sure of course although it's not available right now Well, no you could put it on your list though my list will pop up but you can watch it tomorrow or in Maybe tonight or 21 no, but what is what what is the concept of tomorrow you're excited today? Oh okay? Thank you so much You didn't know what that was I had no idea until like yesterday means Yeah, I don't know you just crystallized it in a way that's never even heard before today what oh wow So these are amazing specials and they're an hour a little under an hour all of them are a little under an hour This is incredible guys really achieve something if you if you have trouble with tomorrow Just think of tomorrow and you're going to it well now tomorrow and tomorrow and tomorrow creeps in this petty pace from day to day I'll tell you that was the moral bar of course there is wow This is hard because I don't know then this is Just like the artful Dodger did in that one production Did he say food glorious food that was all right Got a pick a pocket or two no no this pocket You're waiting for consider yourself and then you pointed to this consider yourself That'd be a great look at that for the Irishman for your consideration Consider this consider this analyze this he's really talking about analyze these Cox in balls, right?

So it's a big deal for a long movie analyze this he's talking about his dickers. Yeah Oh, he's not he's like and what you're friends with him.

Can you bring this up to Billy crystal?

What do you want me out say in analyze this?

Is the this his cock and balls? I'll just text him right now, please so we can get him Okay, so we can get sing this yeah, so we can get a No, he said no, he said no, what is it so then ask what is it?

Oh, he said did you write cock and balls? Yes? We did I guess it is oh, it is cock and balls I can't believe I fucking knew it. I ask about who rock who?

He probably knows about who Rob he said it's an acronym Whoa, I knew it I fucking knew it this fucking guy is fucking Can we tell you this is a big deal for us these specials are a big deal for us But it's an even bigger deal for long form improv because we there haven't been also you're taking into the macro view for long For an improv I think it is people don't like you you but they like long long for No long for an input. Oh, you guys are foreign. We are no Well, you are but no, I don't identify you grew up in this beautiful beautiful town I don't identify as foreign you don't you're an American I identify as American you do love her leave it love her Live it love her live it love her live it. Okay America Love it or listen to They film that up in Canada they film the Vancouver and the first one they filmed a Toronto these HGTV Canada these But so if you're a fan of long for an improv you haven't been there haven't been a lot of there's only been like I think well in terms of this also like on a stage like this before it's it hasn't really been done outside of a I mean for long form not it's a big deal. It's what if you think they're popular Anything could happen on Netflix like there could be a lot of comedy bang bang shows on Netflix not get crazy That's insane. You don't think so?

I mean we go out on tour we play the check on we're saying is if you watch our specials this is the chance to get company bang Thank you, basically what you're saying. Yes, I'm not talking about the TV show version that was I'm talking about special That was on IFC. Yeah, well always on we ran into kid Kootie the other did you how is he he's great?

He was great. Oh, yeah, you're at the Sonic's in the show.

No, he came to a middle-ditch world. Great. How many times do you come to see middle-ditch work?

Zero, baby. I may watch the specials you may Love that We've done your TV show your podcast. Yeah What am I gonna watch you two guy like I have to watch you in real life? That's true and that's already a burden Bird and starring forest would occur. Oh Can you if I say any word?

Can you name who was in the movie based on that word? Yes, I love I have a vast knowledge of celebrities and pop culture. All right. Here we go intensity That's believe Sandra Bullock. Yes, that's good amazing I'll give you a quote from a real movie. Okay. Okay. It's gonna be this is a game I like to play called Not famous quotes, but from real movies. I like how you're the one who always likes to dictate rules of games Yeah, you like to run things. Yeah, yeah, right? You know like you're the boss. You're especially here Especially here. You're like the Monica. Well, you're all over the place. Look at you You brought your own fucking head you think you're the Chandler, but you're really a Monica What's the difference between Chandler Monica? Well Chandler's chaos. Chaos personified Okay, this isn't this is an abstract quote from a real movie ready. Okay an abstract quote from a real movie There we go crazy drunk drivers. Oh, I think we're talking back to the future Why do you keep why you sticking on the beat?

Yeah, cuz I because there were all these crazy drunk drivers like every single person who drove in that movie is drunk Wait, what another one? Does someone else have like Doc Brown is drunk the entire movie. No, it's crazy Brown Yeah, wait, which brown are you thinking of? Oh, what's the guys name with the white hair in it Frank Brown Doc Brown Emmett Brown and Einstein I need if you will yeah, of course Well watch back to the future Uh, oh no the specials. Oh, okay. I've got one. Oh great Thomas. Go. I love it. Okay, uh Big trouble in little China Chandler's list Yes, okay that little girl with the red dress has been trouble a little too. I like She's like oh boy big trouble little try say oh boy way too much in that movie Oh boy way too much in that No, they don't do that. That's it. Don't do that. Someone's telling me last night that they grew up with a man called Jimmy Doidal bomb is that true?

I wait they grew up with a man. What does that mean? It's real in their house or meaning just a friend Oh, okay, wait some guy on the street full name. She if he told him. I can't believe that's true Was it a comedian that just joke with you?

Hey, if your name is Jimmy Doidal, don't know about our list. No, call in yeah any Doidal bons that any Doidal bombs We want to know you we would please call it isn't that insane?

I love it. I love it. I love it. Oh, Jimmie Doidal bomb Jimmie take it down on that Doidal bar So speaking of taking it down a notch watch all three of these things please and uh, we learned that you have to watch all three by the way Yeah, i'm not doing a bit. Scott when are you going to release your asmr album?

Oh, yeah, I know well as soon as the snighter cut comes out I'm thinking i'll do the asmr album. Can you give us a taste please? Okay, here we go. Here we go Okay A little bit of milk Sprite bubbles tickle my nose That's my fingers mixing Smell it and Sprite and milk. This is asmr thing just drink Settleing my stomach Look at him Fast forward and milk milk. So it's my stomach. I want to fast forward. I want to hear Because i make sure it's not just him drinking liquids.

What did I just do?

Oh, no, it's it's also him Reeling from the impact of drinking. Oh, I would I drink those things fast Suffers from withdrawal That's just a taste that is just a taste by the way. We're gonna get this so uh speaking adjusted taste Just watch like 10 minutes of your special. You gotta do more. We don't get more We got you gotta do the completion Keep them all into the background while you're cooking or something That's as as john hushman says Let it play and walk away if you don't want to watch it.

Just let it play and walk away He's on the back. Yeah, you know and I I was thinking for the ferns movie I was like, I haven't even watched this at home yet. So I watched it three times one day I was just like let it play. Well, yeah, I just went about my business and it was on mute What'd you learn about the algorithm? What's about what's up with that algorithm? Yeah, what do you insides?

We don't know anything yet. You don't know the algorithm?

Why do we know the power of the power of the power of the power of the power of the power of the power?

We know then it's gone. You gotta know you have to learn the actual algorithm. What?

What? You have to learn it? Yeah?

Oh no no man. Sure x to the fifth power each is I mean, deedle doodle bomb I don't know no man. Free the room doodle bomb Well, I hope this is a big success for you and uh I wanted to be a success for you not just for long foreign improv You know, I want I want you guys personally. Do you do you get a little back end on this?

No, we get weird. No, we don't we get nothing. We get we get paid 100 points on the back. Oh shit. We got a hundred that's as many points as you can get I've never even heard it. I know idea. Usually people only can get like five or six points. You got a hundred?

Wow Incredible Look, we need to take a break. Uh, when we come back, uh, You guys may or may not be here. I'm not really sure. Oh, I think I'm leaving. Are you leaving Thomas?

Yeah, I'm getting the fuck out of here. You guys are getting the fuck out. All right. Well, we have some incredible guests Thank you for watching when we come back. They haven't watched them yet because they're not out until what was it?

April 21st But what it but maybe it's out tonight at midnight sure but what it is today after today. Uh, okay All right. Well, speaking of things that I think that Annie song was about I just I thought it was gibberish like that thrill or so tomorrow tomorrow Yeah, explain it. Can you use it in a sentence, please? It's only a day away She explains the song but I got your heart your heart Great doing hardies. Hey, doing hardies. Look speaking of things that are after Oh when after this commercial, we're gonna have more comedy bang bang. So that's exciting, right?

So, uh, these guys won't be here, but uh, some other very interesting people will be here We'll be right back with more comedy bang bang after this Comedy bang bang we are back here. Uh, ben and thomas took off like a shot I mean they were so anxious to get I mean they must be celebrating the middle ditch and Schwartz Premier. I mean tonight at midnight on the east coast or midnight west coast. Maybe who knows who even knows But we do have other guests to get to I have never spoken to them before so this is very exciting to have new people to talk to and this is what's wonderful about this podcast Just new people cycling through all the time just you know making new friends and I certainly hope i'll be making friends with them uh This is a uh A semen, uh, and I hope i'm pronouncing that correctly uh Please welcome Captain little member and his first mate squawks Hello guys. Oh, hi. Happy to be here. Now. I'm wondering which of you is which That's who is that is that which one of you is what?

Well, that's my first mate first mate squawks That's squawks. Yeah, squawks. Yeah, this is the captain right here Captain little member captain little member on account of my tiny wooden penis You have a tiny don't ask about what we need us in normal penis was shut off by a 10 pound cannonball 10 pounder just nicked between you and when when right by when you need the meat It goes in the sea when you're nicked the meat it goes in the sea Can I ask you a question captain little member?

Of course if you're going to replace your penis with a wooden penis, why not get a giant wooden penis?

The thing with prosthetics is that you want to be accurate So that's what they do when you go in they say, okay, you're going to get a prosthetic penis They ask you for the exact measurements. What were the what were you working with before?

Would it be too much of an emotional Change for you to suddenly like you don't have big dick energy. So pyrex never lied You don't want to be living a lie I was going to I was going to go at me sell a few more inches, but squawks taught me out of it Hi, why would you do this?

It's the perfect amount of space for me to pop both of my little feetsies on i'm a bird Oh, I didn't want to say you are a bird. I'm a bird. You're a parrot, but I fucking love me And so you perch upon his wooden penis? I perch upon his little penis So we got there quick You must always have an erection or do you swap it off out with a with a bigger wooden penis?

No, no, no, no You can't replicate a soft cock with a hard piece of wood No, I swap out me tiny hard wooden penis for a limp sea slug couldn't have It's to be realistic a normal sea slug would be too big Wouldn't make any sense if my hard penis reverted to a longer softer. We're not all about his penis No, I mean, you're still money. We do all sorts of it But he introduced himself saying that his name was due to his tiny wooden penis I just want to cover all of them. Oh, but don't get me wrong. We also stale cocks We steal cocks you see what does that mean? You steal the penises of our victims So you kill someone first and then the ship and say my goodness look at how many Dicks and balls are on that thing. Yeah, usually it's like two two balls to a person to every boy Wait, are you a fan of the beach boys? Love them So I bet when you're out there on the sea listen to the beach boys just must be a magical transcended experience Oh nothing like me and squawks Hump and the waves going up and down nothing with the light wind behind us. It's beautiful Listen to surfing us a cruising around Early beach boys nothing no none of this Nothing posts 65 What am I looking for animal sounds?

None of that that sounds head sounds animal sounds is my favorite album Well, I would imagine he does love a good Q of all the various sounds of animals. Is it just sound effects of different animals? Yes my record Oh, you put it out. Yeah, do you want to hear any songs?

Yeah, let me hear truck 12 He's a pretty good impressionist. He makes all the sound all the sound. Yeah, I get the concept Let's hear truck 12 track 12 is a song off of Billy Joel's the stranger Wait, so this is just other songs from other alleys cover things, but there's done by animals Just wait I'm not really getting the melody from that Do an animal thing but about a woman I sort of see it It's kind of like when you you do a christmas carol But on a keyboard that just has the the sound that's right.

It's like mario paint remember mario paint. I love mario paint Are you a gamer? Yes, we've got all the consoles on board The wind in our sails listen to the beach boys and consoles at our feet Secret of man We sit down on a bean bag full of balls and we play our video game So you're you're traveling around you're playing zelda or whatever sure and then you come across other ships Link to the past Green of time sure nintendo 64 We're taking turns on that one boy. Yeah And then anytime you encounter a ship you board it cut off the coxen balls of whomever is on board I leave them to weep over the loss of manhood bleeding out under the hot bacon sun The only respite thrown themselves in his ocean to be eaten by the sharks and other scoundrel Are you taking anything on that's on board or you just the meat boys just the biggest treasure of all meat meat you seem to be coughing a lot Captain You have the coronavirus And proud Proud of it We recorded this a long time ago. We don't know what the full effects are of it Yes, that's true pretty risky joke. Yes. So now why did you get into this whole?

Pirates kind of thing. I mean, did you just start off as a sailor? It's a family business for me. Oh really? Oh, yeah Your father your mother my mother my mother was a human being she was a pirate and my father was a parrot Wait, and so they had sex together. Yeah, how else am I talking so well you fucking piece of shit?

I guess it makes sense. How was did your dad ever talk about the like how the sex was? Oh, yeah, he loved it He was great. You only imagine when I was really the first thing I heard when I was born He brought me up to the side of you want to know I fucked that human woman I said yeah love too and he's at it and we talked about it for a bit. Wow. The mom was a human your mom He was a human mom. He was a human. I thought you initially said it the other way around But you're the one who knows obviously well anyways, uh squax here had a boat no cap and then he saw me Where'd you get the boat?

Me? I stole it. So who'd you steal it from?

Captain blue dudes captain blue dudes wait. Is this part was he I can tell you the tale of captain blue is I would love to hear Do you need any sort of sea shanty behind you? If you don't mind. All right here. Oh the year was 1778 How I wish I was in jenrobert. No Wait, are you telling the story or sing?

Marking from the king to the scummy yes or vessel I never see so there I was Just a little bird flying around with a human voice of course of course and I saw a ship This ship was unlike any other ship I had ever seen It was a cruise ship with only disney employees on it. So is it disney cruise life shut the fuck up Story So I get in there and I fly and pretending I'm that fucking parrot from Aladdin people go Shut the fuck up You're right fuck Whoa, what does that mean? I think it's an acronym. I don't know. Thank you boring Okay, so we get there. I pretend i'm that yago guy and I start I start killing everybody on killing everybody I have to as a pirate. I need to steal what I need So you're not just taking their their dicks and balls at this point. You're just murdering That was an inspiration from the captain. Okay. Yes. We'll get to my tail as long as your dick later So there I was Flying on that wheel taking care of a whole cruise ship now deceased But I couldn't get my hands around the huge wheel and I knew I was destined to die You can only perch on it. I would imagine that's correct.

Okay, and there I was a boat full of dicks and balls Nowhere to go and I saw him like how people talk about how Jesus comes to them in their dreams Well, and I'm flattered What were you actually doing captain little I was hoping a whale's hole Wait, so you were out there on the sea He was on the sea was on the seas doing me best with my real life fleshy Dick and there I was having a go at a whale's hole and how did you grab get out there? You had no ship I I swam off the docks. I saw it from a mile away and I said that's mine Hold my beer. Did you see hold my you said hold my beer?

Really? That's true And I plunged into the blue. I gave it a step that originated that whole hold my beer can't take I'll give it to him. It was him. Oh wow. I bow me head to you, sir And did you see the hole originally or just though the whale itself a great spout of water and said well There's a spout of water. There's surely a hole for me to be very smart So I saw him up there for a mile to it I can only message you didn't catch up to it that he was coming towards you and you sort of met in the middle It was head to head tatatatet We knew one of these one of us was getting fucked and it wasn't gonna be me Okay, how would the whale fuck you?

You don't want to know squawks. I don't want to know Sort of like whether way your dad and mom got there. Oh, I can tell you detail Oh, yeah, please. Yeah, okay. So the parrot first of all the mom my mom laid down and then the parrot took out his big ole shmoops You were saying It ended there. I went to the I went to the whale and I took out my big old shmoops. Okay I put it in the blow away at the time. It wasn't big. It was just bigger. Oh big for him big for you Okay for me if you couldn't me I was pushing two inches. Oh wow anyways, I slammed it in there sure and It blew out the water and it blew me dick off Wait, I thought you said a cannonball. Well, let me finish He was in the air from that and I shot a Disney cannonball at him and shot off his pecker He landed and I go well pick your dick man. We got a billion here It's true one of the only Disney cruise ships with sails and cannons on it. You know it. So this is true This is 100 true. Why would we sit around and make it all why would we make it up?

So were you upset at squawks here for blowing your penis off or I mean, I can only imagine like initially Initially, but he said he said the pirates He posted the pirates code the pirate code you said the pirates code. Yeah, okay. What is the pirates code exactly?

Yee who know the pirate code?

No for which the bell does toll the pirate ships on sails all day and watch that dick it goes away So if it's gone, I'll make you trade a ship for a cock is what I'll say Cannonballs they fly away, but our friendship here is here to stay Wow, so that made you feel better. Oh, of course, nothing like here in the pirate's code If you've never heard the pirates go before and then suddenly you hear it There's nothing like it makes it dear to me. I even know if you hear it the second time There is something like it is the first time that you heard it. We'll never say it again You will never say it again. That's it. It's it's it's Expendatory you see oh I see Wow, well, what a wonderful friendship you have and then how many years ago was that? Oh wow, I mean Last August August. I guess almost last August. Yeah. Wow.

So this is sort of a new friendship and a new Yeah, profession for you guys you guys have been out there traveling the seven seas or well Just a couple of them not all seven really which ones have you hit? Oh, we hit one and two One and two. Yeah, not all seven though. Okay. Well, what's one and two? It's Mediterranean. Okay. That's a sea. Yeah And the i and the iberian Okay, so just those two How did you get here? It's a big ship. It's hard. You know what I mean? How do we do? We did Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah What does heirlies have great first class? Okay, so we didn't have any money But the you'll be surprised how many people take dicks for currency Oh, that's one of the hottest commodities on the whole black market and we're flush with it. Yeah, wow So how many dicks have you collected? I mean, this is oh you want a number that might be tough fight after check me ledgers Did you bring you ledgers here? I always bring me ledgers.

Okay. Well, then we're trying to sell a show to History channel. Oh really? How's that go? Oh, that's why you're here. You're pitching. Yeah, we're in lh We're just pitching. Okay. Well, you have your ledger open.

Uh, give me a number here Let's see take your time. That's about that'll be about 13 Take your time 13 8 13 trillion 8 100 billion Wow 271,000 and one Dick So you must have double that balls Actually come to think of it. That's impossible We've been not now you've killed them. I have to say something sir. I've been providing fake dicks to make you happy What?

Why do you get upset Scott? You just Yeah, I'm not upset. I'm just even lying to me captain. It makes you so happy. But pirates don't lie But i'm a pirate not a pirate. Oh parrots do lie is that is parrots Stand right, but you told me parrots don't lie unless That's a lie. I'm sorry. I'm a cockatoo You're not even a parrot What was your father then my dad? Yeah, my dad was dutty springfield. That's a woman. Right. So your dad was a woman And who's your mom?

Was Harold Ramis what in the whole light world? How did you come out of cockatoo?

I can't lie to get out of the truth You can't even you can't tell the truth for one second because I don't think people will respect me Just tell us the respect to you. I've been selling counterfeit dicks by the trillions And made a lot of money doing it. Yeah, so why are you yelling at me?

Well, because I want to do a good old day honest work of selling real well there scott Now's your time to rip on off and show the world you can get one for real I don't think that you should rip my piece of cock for this is how we do it usually. What do you really use your people?

You usually pull the crew. Yep. Come on. What are you gonna miss it for?

urination essentially You're an idiot into like a bag. Is it you like a yeah, you're concerned about urinating into your penis No, no, no, I want it That's how squawks thinks of urinating. I like it to go into the bowl like that's my favorite part You just have a sit just take a set remember the old song from the show. I sit down when I pee I don't remember that song. What is that? It's sing a little bit for us, would you?

All I remember That's all you remember. It's from we use we get we watch a lot of adult swim on the ship Tim and Eric sketch frat house poster Other than the listening to the beach boys pre-65. It's not all we do, you know, what else do you do?

What are your other things? Oh, we know we are very big social activists. We care about the environment Yeah, what do you care about for the environment? Like what part of it that it burns in hand?

The only way we're gonna get there Well, you think we're not gonna go to hell unless you well pirates need to go out I've ever been a part of the Caribbean the Disney ride.

Yeah, yeah, and basically I guess they're always talking about like Davey Jones locker Is that hell sure? Mm. Is that the message of the story and that ride?

The message of the story is really at the beginning that there's an actual part of the ride that there's half human half Skull and you get to see the pirates turn from human to skull Yeah, do you know that so they're in hell and they're haunting us are ghosts all in hell?

Don't know if they're in hell there. I think they're just when do they get to her start they cursed But you're the one who said that they go to hell Listen, aren't you aren't you mixing it up with the haunted house at all?

I don't think so you used to how many times you go to Disneyland. I got about once a year twice a year Squax loves it. I do love it. Do you do you even for free or do you have to well? I'm a bird. So I just fly in you Oh, yeah, yeah, I know he knows a pretty popular actor Do you think that's why they have not given us jetpacks and like flying technology yet because everyone just fly into Disneyland?

I think so. Yeah, well, there's a no fly zone over Disneyland. There is really So, how do you do it if you want to land in Anaheim? You gotta go around you know you land in Anaheim But there's another well. There's an airport there How do you know this I mean I'm starting to be a pilot What you want to switch from being a pirate to a pilot? Yes.

Well, the idea would be Sick not only command to seize but to command the skies then we have two out of the three What about the earth and with a push of a button our Disney our sailing Disney vessel with cannons will Sleep into the air. I get airship like final fantasy or like mask. Do you remember mask? I love that the Share transformers, but it was a tv show or like different cars turned into things No, okay. So not the mask and not mask the motion picture So he finally you did one parrot or cock into that. How do you trust that anymore though squawks?

How can I trust that you're even a bird?

You're not a bird. Are you just say how can I trust you're even a bird?

You just said if I'm to believe it that you've been birthed by two humans kept how do I know you're not just a man?

Have that's Scrolling around on me wooden penis. Have you ever seen we fly before?

Well, I didn't need to you told me you could Oh, I have to tell you something unless What what's your endless?

Go ahead. No one of you. Which one of you wants to say this?

I think we're about to say the same thing. I'm a mouse. Oh What were you gonna say? You're not a bird Well, it's not wrong So you're a mouse. You're a mouse. It's old time. I didn't think you'd respect me. Of course. I wouldn't I fucking hate the mind All you do but my solar demons taint There their catholus Put me aren't I your friend?

How could I be friends with a mouse a little mouse who perches upon your penis?

I'll prove myself to you. I'll put myself to you right now.

Just got pulled on your pants. Oh Here you go, sir Thanks You really mean it it's yours. You have earwolves The guy who directed between two ferns By the by the southerly winds By those I never thought I'd see such a magnificent piece before what you think it's magnificent really close I mean so much pain, but I'm like I love a good compliment god This is just this is how it looks just reston. Yeah. Wow.

You're gonna you get a long soft Well, it's a it's a show where and a grower Oh my goodness. So his show is really well, but then it also grows on top of it I'm tempted to reattach just so I can see what that looks.

You know what you should do what you should put it on yourself Then you just power Oh, he said reattached to you. Yeah. Oh, oh, but that's a way better idea. I should steal it Take off your your tiny wooden penis. Oh my god. I've never seen it on my penis. Here you go. Here's here's that trash Okay, that's yours. Wow, and let me just perch on that.

Okay. Wait, you prefer this. Yeah, it's easy for my mouse feet All this old time is those little birds claws. Can I just can I just say right now what's happening?

You're about to fix Scott ockerman's penis onto your body.

Yes, just a standard pirate behavior. Okay. Here we go Here I go a little spit to do it Oh, well That feels better. Oh my god. Your whole personality changed. Hmm Wait a second. Well, uh Announce a podcast pretend like you're about to bring us into comedy bang bang. Oh, welcome to comedy bang bang It's exactly exactly my voice In it all all of a sudden by the southerly wind I sound like you God who do I stay with?

Oh, gosh, perch upon me penis young squawks Oh, that sounds pretty peculiar That is exactly the voice. God sound You have stolen me voice. Well, you don't sound anything like me I sound exactly like you. You scurvy swab All right now i'm taking your word cocking giving you my little fucking mouse dick go Oh, hey squawk. Oh, it's me captain of the seven seas Wait a minute stop this right now. We're not playing musical cocks. I'm a minute further I'm tired of it. Well, we have to go to a commercial. Do you want to throw it to a commercial?

Of course. Here's one of the patented comedy bang bang Commercial a perfect imitation Got our we'll be right back squawk Comedy bang bang. Oh my gosh If you heard our last segment on and I pray that you did Uh, you was the who I just came in the door. Who was it outside?

There was a pirate and a little mouse who we were all playing musical penises And we all switched penises and took over our personalities gold and uh at the end of the day We all said, you know what?

I kind of want my original penis back and uh, so I took mine back and now i'm back here and uh Understand captain little member and squawks both had to take off But we do need to get to our next guests Uh, and you've just been hearing them say things like understandable and who was that?

So you are jumping at the bit to hear exactly who these guys are Please welcome to the show still tanton and bill ranton Hey, how are you still tanton and bill ranton of tanton and ranton?

No, are you guys tanton and ranton that is uh, what a company or a uh, what is definitely a business?

It's definitely a business It's true So that is true. Yeah, it is definitely tanton ranton. We uh, we're business We um, we take industrial waste, okay and we repackage it as uh Those yummy little fruit roll-ups you're eating all the time Well, you like fruit roll-ups, right? I love fruit roll-ups.

I mean, uh, there's not a date goes by that I'm like hit me with a roll-up hit me with a roll-up. Don't you?

Hit me with a roll-up Hit me with a roll-up fire away Tanton and ranton Oh, that is your jingle. Yep. Amazing. So you guys take industrial waste. What is an industrial waste exactly?

um excrement scabs Scabs excrement blood scabs are people throwing away scabs and then those get separated from the real trash? Oh nuclear offshoot brown water gray water brown rice, uh regular rice quinoa quinoa industrial waste protein really Bile I mean, I don't enjoy eating it. So I did I'm not surprised honestly well You'll enjoy it after we get through with this process we do so I know hot dogs are taken from all kinds of things all parts of the you know, big zenuses and all sorts of stuff So that's you're saying that's the process for fruit roll-ups.

I've ever seen a movie of snow piercer Yeah, I saw snow piercer. I don't know take all that waste and they kind of make those bars for everybody sure. Yeah protein bars Wait, you saw you're falling asleep. What is going on here?

I don't know how to really really like you're like the leaning tower of pizza You're just like you're like this this one guy I saw in this video where he was like he was wearing like a white gangster suit and he kept leaning And he kept talking about dirty Diana. You're talking about smooth criminal music. He was he was talking about Michael Jackson's a criminal or something like that a long night. I should even say it at a long night. Oh, well What are you doing? Come on. Don't come on bill. Don't No, no, he should he should say it. It's please say what were you doing last night? I was dancing Dancing yeah Wow all night all night long. Yeah, one of my things that I like to do to get out my powers is dance powers Still has been blessed Oh, thank you bill the power to bring fire from his fingertips. Yeah, it's me and anus Oh, there it goes Things are not opposite So I would think it would be the mouth and the anus maybe would make more sense But it's the fingertips in mysterious way It's true And in order to get the power out in order to get that poison out he's got to Dance the night away. Yeah, and so we have uh, we frequent many dance halls in you go together really well He needs a sponsor Because he has to be just high out of his god damn I gotta be fuckedy ductied or I had or that fire goes crazy So you're not a sponsor like in the traditional sponsors since you're Supplying him. I've got to keep him fed. Okay. Yeah, it's the opposite responses So it's like the finger to the asshole right I wouldn't dare because I don't want to get burned nice But by the way, it's not just me. I mean bill has powers as well. You have powers as well. We're bill has the ability Ability nice. That's funny. That's funny. That's fun. Very good. Thank you. No one's ever said that to you before no one is never in my damn life And how old are you? I'm 45 and loving it You love it bill has the ability to make anybody tell the truth. He's like a truth I wish he was here on our last segment. We had this. I think it was a mouse, but I don't even know that's weird.

We wouldn't understand Yeah You know what I mean, what a weird sentence to say to you Of course you don't understand Please do you have a bed I could lie down? No, of course. I mean, what do you think there's like a murphy bed here in the wall?

There's not a great there is not too Murphy beds, please You can't order Murphy. Do you have any pillows for me and bill? You can't just order things. This is not like a hotel one billo one billo for bill Have you heard that one before in your 45 years never in my life and I'm loving every minute of it So you have the ability to make anyone tell the truth Yes, and still you have the ability to shoot fire out of my ass and fingers. Yeah. Yeah, and wish you preferred does it come?

Oh, that's funny. This is funny We we were not sure of that for years until one time in nasa Not at nasa. No nasa account nasa. No, nasa the Bahamas. It was at Atlantis the casino resort, right?

and um We were down we were going down the waterslide. Oh, it's so fun. Have you ever been there?

I've never been like please stop yoning into the like this is and try to speed up your talking I think maybe that'll help you with the we will tell the story. We're going down the water Water slide and here I was I was the first podcast that puts people to sleep We were going together. You see and I grabbed him I grabbed him. I said oh my god still you want to shoot fire out of your ass And as soon as you did I said that you shot fire out of his ass So he made me almost he willed it to happen and he boiled up all the water And then all the other kids behind us squeaked to a stop clogged up the water slide and had to be cut out of it Oh, thank god. They're they're okay. I thought you were gonna say they all boiled to death They were trapped for years Years now they're grown-ups and they have a story to tell there's a special on Netflix you can watch about it Oh, okay called boiled alive, but still kicking. Wow and so you sort of triggered his mutant powers?

Did you know did you give him no don't be so silly. I just speak the truth so Anything you say happens Maybe it's not truth. It's just you actually are try something No, I just said that's what you wanted to do and then he did I did So say something else that taste of a discott come on bill do your thing oh um You You are you want to donate to uh the trump campaign?

Well, of course I do. I mean, oh god. You just got you just got build That's what you call it. You've been built You've been built you've been built now pay out. No pay out.

Can I sign up for electronic billing?

That's a funny thing if you ever heard that before never in my days and i'm having the time of it in my life So you are just altering reality with anything you say you're like that kid in the cornfield It's like the kid in the cornfield. I'm not familiar. That's Stuart cornfield. Oh, that's Stuart cornfield. No, no, no Of course not You're like the kid in the twilight zone who just like wills things into being I I guess bill is short for will so Huh have you ever heard that never in my life and i'm having a great time Well, I guess he does have the power to make things happen through the truth So you don't really I mean you have powers, but they're not Sorry, my tea was getting cold you were saying you blew up the entire well now who cares?

You know what I mean? We're not gonna hear who that cop plays I suppose as a little far fish that we take industrial waste and turn it into fruit roll Yeah, I was gonna say some of those uh ingredients don't sound like they would belong in a fruit roll up you're well, I do have a habit of going to the Swirling cesspools of industrial waste saying I think you want to be a fruit roll up. Oh, yeah, maybe that's what does it So how long have you had these abilities bill?

Oh well as Long as I can remember and I'm 45 and loving every god you're having a great time I'll tell you bill has been living his life in such a beautiful way lately Out what's what's different? Tell him how beautiful was it?

All right, so beautiful that that guy after almost winning the Oscar walked over everybody The uh Roberta Benini. Thank you bill. He did win the Oscar life is beautiful You didn't you didn't win the Oscar and he walked over everybody I remember his enemy tippy rude. Yeah, it's currently walked over everybody goes well I gave it to my bestest shot. Uh, if only my friend Ben were here he could text billy billy who?

Oh, never mind Uh tall so do you know billy christol? I don't know him But the christol is a person who makes all the champagne the christol champagne. Oh, I only I know billy Do you want us to bring him in? Oh, yeah, please hey what's going on billy christol?

All right here. I am still again. Um, so where do you hail from bill? I hail from vermont home of the cheddar, baby That's why i'm making it Money wise Thank you. It was a long walk to get there, but Oh, we really believe in god damn it is he living a great life. Oh, jesus not looking back I'll tell you that doesn't have to and you remember your childhood and everything of course well I suppose there could have been one instance. Oh bill don't do this. Well, I'm just he's He wants to know and i'm bringing up stuff. He doesn't need to break up Look, I mean if it's painful for you, certainly you may want to bottle it up But I would love to hear it I typically like to look forward and not back because i'm loving every god damn minute sure It sounds like you're in the present not really looking forward. Yes, what is forward For uh, oh, if only my friend thomas were here Mad middle d Middleston. Yeah. Oh, can we hear about thomas?

Oh, I would love that thomas. It'll sit are you here?

Hello. I'm thomas. It'll say thomas. I saw you on broadway.

Oh, not familiar All right. Goodbye. No, it's a cool guy. What cool guy not aware of his own work um Look tell me about tell me what happened in your childhood.

There was one instance you say Well, I suppose this might have something to do with it. I was on a swing Please the reviews are in please Sorry stop You see you are the one who's tired don't don't don't plan to build it Winks because I won't function without you Only sleep is very wise. You know what?

I was on a swing set. I was about five at the time He's telling you this And I was going swinging back and swimming forth and my typical swing behavior My father was saying how hard you want to go. I said as high as you can He was pushing you or he was coaching you. He was coaching me He said shout with your legs now win with your leg now I was like how do you want to go?

And how do you want to go? I said as high as I can I was like the moon with the lens So Out I went and out I went of the swing You and I flew hurled out of the swing And up and I went past the clouds and I went out of the atmosphere What? I went past the moon Past the moon Lo and behold I was circling around the sun You were in orbit along with the earth And I'm mad as well, but while again All the sun Ba ba ba ba ba ba Wait man, are you a smash real fan?

And the massive doses you have to understand Of gammas and betas and altras and radies And the alphas and the alphas And the omegas And the in the charles Zeta's and the zeta's and the golfs No the gammas Anyway, gamma gamma gamma gamma gamma gamma B Play on the W.W.W.W.W I thought you were like going to the Ramon song I thought you were doing the revenge of the nerds thing But you were doing W.W.W.W.W.W.W.W.W.W.W.W.W.W.W.W.W Yes, anyhow I was absolutely blessed I came back Red as a baboon spot Landed back in the swing You landed in the swing That's the most amazing part of this Not the flying up Really not the orbit No, no, that I will understand But the pinpoint accuracy to land You know my father insensitive as he was He just right back at it And pulls out the red Puss throws He didn't comment upon your appearance The uh your hues Cause you were as red as a baboon spot My mother would have but she had died at the time Oh, what happened to her?

She couldn't stand the radiation bleed from my own body Which she died when you landed She took the hit basically She took all the bad So if anyone was in sort of a circumference around you They would But your father was unaffected He died later Sadly I have to live with the fact that I killed my own Oh, so he was far enough away that he didn't get it Yes, my mother was in the swing next to me Oh, so it's a matter of feet Yeah, terrible terrible story Anyway, uh How were you raised then? Who raised you?

My dear friend still So that's where I came in He was a year ahead of me Wait, you were six years old?

Six years old Can I tell you that I went through my own turmoil My parents Really would have been here Oh my goodness Well, my mom was very bad at making ramen Right You have to understand Doesn't sound equitable Let us finish please Oh, okay Do I understand this was the Sevenies And ramen was all the age All the age Oh, that's true Ramen was all the age You know what I mean?

Yeah, of course Ramen was not good at that And then my dad had this funny thing Anytime he said a number He'd go, that's a funny number So like, I was just being devoured These don't sound like equitable problems Imagine your problem I mean, Bill, your parents died of radiation poisoning They're skinned, bubbling in front of you Yeah, it's bad too, I guess And yours sounds slightly annoying Occasionally Oh, what number are you serving?

They go to...

Why would anyone say what number are you?

You gotta remember it's the Sevenies He was in a lot of queues A lot of queues Okay, when you go to a deli or something Yes, we went to the number The D-E-L-E?

The D-E-L-I?

The notorious D-E-L-I Mmm Anyway, so I saw Bill And I said, what happened?

And you know, of course you heard the story Yeah, he basically killed this thing No, I heard yeah, everything And they...

You were six years old at the time I was six years young at the time Right And you have to understand They took me in I don't have to do anything about you We'd love you to understand It could just brush, understand Find it in your heart, understand This is a better phrase than I pretend That's the same thing No, you have to He took me in And they said From this moment forward Don't look back Mmm And it's been 45 years And you have not So you lived with his parents then Yes, my fucking terrible parents They raised you not Well no, no, no, let us finish Well, they still had to keep me as a secret That was...

Yes Oh, you were a secret brother Under the stairs, if you will You have to understand For about 22 years I was completely Hairless Just ask me to understand No, you must We'd be really And please We invite you to understand We were hairless That I was I would like to accept that invitation But I was absolutely hairless No hair And before you This is due to the rays up in the space Do you have a ray?

Yeah, the sun Rocket on the sun Oh, no, great jam I was red as a dog stick Oh my god, couldn't be more Did that never faded?

You were red and hairless The well come 22 years As we all know Of course Now we're in 1990s That's...

When a young boy hits 22 That's half-life And I...

I...

So you were like there?

You were 27 at the time?

Meaning 22 plus 5 Correct, got it Oh boy, you're sounding like his father Oh god, Jesus, with a number That's a funny number What are you talking about?

That's what my dad does Do you have a bed I can bring in here?

No, we here...

This is not a bed store The trouble is not a hotel His father is...

He was in a...

I was just...

He was in a county So he was...

On and on All the time That's a funny number So he worked with numbers all day And yet A number would pop up That he hadn't seen in a while Or he'd never seen...

Imagine if you could just be With your favorite comedian all day and night And that just makes you laugh That's what it was like for numbers for him You'd see a number and be like That's a funny number He was just like they were funny What was the shank?

The shank all the time Was it the coaching?

Yeah The...

What it was divisible by What was funny about it?

What was funny about it?

The eight is a very funny number He was like...

I mean it looks like a snowman Well tell me What you didn't understand here, Scott Please again What you...

Please If you be so big We beg for you to understand We're on our knees We're on our knees Is that...

Is that...

Uh...

Still's father was hit in the head Severely by a bear's paw Yeah How hard...

I mean a bear when it takes a swipe at you Are So it wasn't the claws It was just the fours of the impacts...

Of the impacts of the impact In between the sharp parts The bear didn't swipe at him No He was in an accident With his head collided with the bear's...

Yeah He got no an accident So it was a stationary paw?

That's a stationary paw Yeah the bear was actually waving at us So it was waving No The accident...

The force of the accident Hurled him what?

Through a car window?

Oh my...

Now what had happened was I do this...

Don't get ahead of yourself Please, now take it down a notch, Scott I will take it down a notch But not because you asked That's funny So for me...

We would be delighted if you wanted to If you could, if that's all right For me, I had tied my daddy's Sneaky's together Because I was a Ram Bunk's little kid Okay Then he went to step And when he went to step He actually fell on a trampoline So he'd have one step And into a trampoline Into a trampoline One of those big ones One of those big trampolines Oh You simply...

Please, where would you ask you?

No, it wouldn't mean the most We need you to understand this part Of any place please Then I'll give you one It's a large trampoline It's a large trampoline All right I will understand that And my dad went bouncy And went right up into the errands of the woods Now he landed though He did not go into orbit Well no, he went up into orbit Around the city He went into orbit too?

Yeah What was going on in your hometown?

Was it with the atmosphere?

Here in Indiana You know what I mean?

It was a Erie Indiana Oh no, it was someplace in Vermont Oh yeah, Vermont Erie Indiana, Vermont Oh, Erie, Indiana, come over Vermont No, Erie, Indiana, come over Vermont Oh god, the city is called the Erie Indiana I really wish you'd understand Erie, so how's it spelled?

E-E-R-I-E-Y-N-D-E-A-N-R It's the Erie Indiana, Erie Indiana Erie Indiana, Vermont Vermont is V-E-R-E-Mallest So there's something going on with the gravity there Go around the mountain, of course It's a native American town Goes around out for that trampoline He comes back right next to the bear But hits the trampoline again Can you imagine?

No, the bear was right next to the trampoline And I said, Dad, the bear was waiting for his turn It was insane And I go, Dad, you've done this two times And he goes, that's a funny number Went back up into the air No, twirl around And then the bear tried to give him a high five Oh, okay See what we were describing You had to understand It's the time simply When his father got collided with a bear Yeah How he got to where his brain was tickled by numbers Is it completely, completely, totally destroyed Do you want to know that story?

I want to know that story He loved the count on Sesame Street Okay, I mean that guy is for it It just sunk into his brain It sunk into him Well, of course I can imagine him becoming a CPA Due to that Yeah, I guess so, I don't know Well, so you guys grew up together Your best friends I raised him Your business partner Well, yeah, I mean He's more like a father to me You were a hairless red You were like a father to me Billy Joel Billy Joel, one of our last guests was talking about Billy Joel I wouldn't know I wasn't to you So you were a hairless and red as a baboon's bud Until 27 Where does it take?

And meanwhile your Airsott's father over here Mm Who's been raising you and keeping you secret Did your parents ever catch sight of him?

No, I said it was just a little dog That needed a little bit of love So they saw him Well, they saw a red little hairless thing Running around the basement, of course But what we implore you to understand You must try your best to implore to understand Is that Once we were 18, Louis, free as the driven snow You were free as the driven snow And that's when we fully explored our true potentials Yes, okay, well now you hit 18 before Bill over here Yes, by one year By one year I was 18, I was a lost little boy I wish someone could take care of it Did you keep it in check until he hit 18 Well, I tried to be an adult And I just couldn't do it by myself Okay Then Bill became 18 and said Now I'll take care of you I took care of you At that time his powers were maturing He couldn't control So you had your powers To understand Control When the fire came out How much it came out And we deduced by a series of events By a limony sneak, a series of unfortunate events That cocaine and dancing I needed it I needed it Was the key That's what Bill told me, Louis Well, that's...

I mean, you said it and wielded into existence Is what I think He built it into existence Sorry, Bill did into existence I was touching him and I said My God, I think you need cocaine And a good cut the rug And we did it and since then Things have been better So marvelous We haven't looked back You got the powers when you were young So there must have been like all sorts of escapades That happened when you were young I mean, just like all kinds of things Just going down I mean, it sounds like a...

I mean, you mentioned lemony sneak it I mean, it sounds like This could be a children's book series Or something Whoa!

Have you ever thought about that?

About God!

Turning your adventures into Tanten and Reunden?

So the log line Yeah, please Young boy gets thrown It's an orbited around the sun Sure Gifted powers And must use his gift To keep his best friend Who's a pyromancer In check by dancing and snorting Is that what you're suggesting As a children's book?

Yes, that is!

I mean, I don't know Maybe I would fudge some of the details Your life depends Depends on you understanding this stuff Okay, this is what it's all up to Things are getting serious Yeah I think you have come up With perhaps your single greatest idea Oh, you finally did it, Scott Thank you!

My God!

It took a while So you guys were...

It took a while So you guys are gonna...

You took a while...

Walking on the Sanjoneetin Day day!

Day day! Day day!

So you would do us the great honor If Tanten and Reunden publishing Because we do have a pub...

We have a pub...

Publishing arm?

We publish children's books You try?

I don't know why you never thought it Well, I think you knew If you're gonna come in at the end And pitch something...

Of course Think based on that I did a little bit of research And knew that you guys had a pod You knew Yes, well...

If you'll come in next Tuesday And pitch to the board We'd love it There's a board, really?

Yeah, so you guys don't own...

We're the owners You just have a board We own a board This is a ceremonial thing?

Oh, yes God, you get in there There's gonna be all sorts of ceremonies What kind of ceremonies do you have In these board meetings?

It's very cloak and dagger It's very hush-hush Okay, I can't find out Until you pitch your first children You have to be sculling bones You have to be a member Okay Wait, so you're gonna Induct me into the membership?

If you've got what it takes What are you looking for?

Do you have someone to keep a secret?

I don't know, I have a very popular podcast And we talk about all sorts of weird stuff It may come up at certain points Tell us your biggest secret now Then we'll know that you can keep it As long as it comes Doesn't matter which direction Come on, Deville Tell Bill!

Tell Bill!

That was a little late I swallowed a hamster when I was six What?

Is that how you have the gift Pitching incredible children's stories?

Wait, I have the gift of pitching incredible Hamster, that's really the thing Say what happened?

Let it talk Let it talk Hey, you'll never catch me Oh my god, did you see that?

Was that the hamster?

That was the hamster I always thought he was dead Oh, I never knew a hamster could talk Hey, I guess he was He's been in there for, let's see I'm 29, so six So 23 years Oh, that's a funny though, Bill Scott, just to be Just to clear it up Yeah Pitch me a children's story now That's if you have what it takes Okay, uh, okay There's this um Piece of trash on the ground You're nothing without your hamster Chats!

Piece of trash I don't know, but you're talking It doesn't even have cocaine in it Are you just gonna get me an answer?

Does the trash dance?

No Then what are we talking about?

I don't know, I can't pitch these ideas I'm too dumb You need your hamster I'm too dumb without him Oh god, you're becoming very dumb Oh, I'm dumb now Oh, here's a Rubik's Cube I have to stop this Rubik's Cube Oh, what are colors?

You just ate the Rubik's Cube Oh, oh god I'm dumb now This all looks like you need me after all I am sticking back in my belly What?

What do I get out of it?

Well, anything I eat is half yours Deal Oh, get in here Oh, oh god, I'm back Pitch me a book All right, pitch me a book Making it nice Here we go Botted about who's naughty or nice It's about a piece of rocker man This is good And this is all in the book It's about a piece of rock cocaine the dances I love this fucking book Do we have a deal?

Dance on a stamp board Get initiated Congratulations Scoring balls, okay, very good Well, guys We are running out of time here We only have one final feature on the show And that is a little something called plug Ooh Scored bangs Scored bangs Keep bangs Go, go, go, go Keep bangs Keep bangs Short bangs Come on, let's bang Scored bangs Tells us nearly Every episode Gotta keep going Cloves in bangs Hey, that was short That's keep damn short by Italian Isis Mm, ooh Uh, all right, what uh I S I S or I C E S Eh, the bad one Um, what do you guys want to plug?

Still in Bill?

You have anything to plug here?

Uh, the only thing I can think of As I'm a...

We're a big fans of improv Okay, so this is a...

This is some sort of a special It's just gonna be great I believe it comes after the day after today Uh, you know what you're talking about On Netflix Middle-dige and shorts Yeah, bros have Middle-dige and shorts Three episodes Three episodes You may see a trailer for one But there's gonna be three of them It's shorter than the Irishman Oh, well, yes, of course No biggest pitches that it's shorter than the Irish How long was the Irishman?

Three hours and 45 minutes, I believe It's shorter than the Irishman It is shorter than the Irishman You know, so if you watch the Irishman You have no excuse You could have watched three full different Every...

By the way, each special is totally different Nothing has anything to do with the Irishman What?

Every minute of the Irishman is completely different It's completely different At some, at a certain point, to be fair For 45 minutes in the middle They just repeated the first 45 minutes Oh, wow, that's weird Not me I'm 45 and I'm never looking back Okay Well, you're not looking forward, either Well, you're not living a great life I am, my skin's back to a...

Non-red It's more of a pinkish kind of color Oh Lined up a little bit, still scarred So, uh, let's close up the old plug bag Yes, I can't still listen to another one right now You start with a CD Oh, you play the Bazookis one I almost successfully killed my friend You do it with an L And then you own...

Holy shit Oh, God No!

Don't open it up Close it forever Don't!

Then he'll raise your costume And then he just says And then he'll know, no, no What?

Why is this part of it?

This is awful Shame on everyone involved Oh, God Make it stop Can you make it stop?

Just push a button I'm looking right at you Push the button He doesn't have his pedals Push the button He's not his pedal Push the button Push the button L L All right, what do you guys like that song?

Oh, I love it a little long A little long?

Can I say something I've been waiting to say that long form improv is going to play huge arenas I was saying that You think it longs?

You couldn't say...

Well, I'm just saying that you've never seen anything really outside of, you know, smaller places So we're trying to say that still Still just you're digging your own grave here That wasn't trying, you read it sound like, you know Sorry No, no, what did you say that sound like that?

Yeah, you made it sound like that still That's okay still Still, we all make mistakes Still tented after all these years That is true Well, I want to thank our guests The aforementioned Still Tanton after all these years And Bill Ranton after 45 years And loving every minute You're loving every minute Guys, thank you so much for being here Thanks to our previous guests Captain Little Member, Squax And of course Tommy Middle D and Benny Schwa We will see you next time Thanks, bye Bye!

Hear the...

Oh!

You Thank you.
