♪♪ Twist the Sanguine lingua wildly watching whales or lurid lightly Turgid currents. Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

Oh my goodness, that was a tongue twister. But thank you to Euripides shorts.

Oh Euripides shorts fast turning into a catchphrase superstar for that wonderful catchphrase admission. Not sure if I can say that every single week, so I do believe I'll be on the hunt starting next week for a new one. The hunt continues.

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

This is an exciting show this week. Coming up a little later we have a wardrobe stylist.

We have an entrepreneur. Whoa, entrepreneurs return. I didn't know that businesses were happening during the quarantine, but apparently someone has one and they want to talk about it.

We also have a wonderful entertainer coming up in a second, but before, by the way, my name is Scott Ocherman. How is your quarantine going? America plotting through this. And by the way, speaking of America, I did want to say I've been calling myself, well, not myself, but my program, the Royal myself, I've been calling this program America's podcast for a couple of couple of months. But you know what? So a listener wrote in and they had a good point that America is perhaps too constricting, even though it does apply to North America and South America. But I he thought that humanity's podcast had a had a better ring to it. So I that is what we are going to be from now on humanity's podcast. We welcome all humans, no matter who or what you are, as long as you're human, no dogs. So welcome back to humanity's podcast. We're going to keep going.

I do want to introduce a good friend of ours who is serving sort of as cohost here for today's festivities. She is God, what can one say about her? She she's the quintessential entrepreneur.

I mean, she owns the W Hotel just not not the entire franchise, but just the one here in Los Angeles. Please welcome back to the show, Bean Dip.

Hey, Scott, how you doing, man? Good to see you. Good to see you.

Yeah. What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? Yeah.

What are you? How's your quarantine going?

What are you? What are you doing? Where are you? Man, this is going great. I'm in a friend's house, you know, look, there's some people like to call them F buddy, but I'm going to friend house buddy a friend buddy. Yeah, a friend friend buddy with the with the with the UCK after the F okay, get real. So grand buddy? Yeah, that's right. Okay.

Okay. Smart ads. I'm going to F friend house and mostly doing cost of zoom calls because I want to the W and Hollywood as you know, also on the spot on there. I have people come in and I give them massages, how the kids this so it's cost zoom calls because everyone's like, hey, I need to perform it as a W and I'm like, bitch, we are not taking the hey, there's no room with the E and bitch.

So there's no room at the W anymore? I mean, I would think that really so everyone just is staying indoors, even if they're in a W hotel room. Everybody is staying indoors. The people who checked in before the outbreak have been forced to stay in their rooms at the W. Oh my gosh. We have a full house. The place is riddled with COVID-19. The W hotel is so no. The W hotel in Hollywood California is riddled. All right. And I have to guess with you giving kisses to people in the massage rooms, are you patient zero when it comes to this?

I mean, call it what you will. Hey, if you see a hot dog, put most in on it. That's what they say. I guess so, although I don't want to talk about hot dog, by the way, he was on the show a couple of weeks ago. Don't get me started on that bitch. You know hot dog? The water's just now hot dog. Oh, I didn't know you were part of his extended universe. I do you know, you bring up a good point.

People who are checking in right now are unable to check out, which leads me to think that there could be a sequel to Dunstan checks in.

Hey, set during the pandemic. Don't think we are an arctic filming. The only thing is we have filmed all the scenes that don't require monkey. And I did something to put this out there like a bulletin. If any of y'all know somebody who got a monkey, just please bring it to the W hotel.

They're only because we did it to finish our scenes. Any monkey, any monkey that's out there, the monkey, Maurice from Friends, it could be Michael Jackson's Bubbles. Any monkey. Any money doesn't have to be a famous monkey. What about that monkey from the hangover to any of them will do more race with a hangover, cap or chin or my entire gorilla. Anything you got bring it, even if you have a very realistic video of a monkey, please go to the W just a realistic video. How realistic are videos of monkeys these days?

They are not great, Scott. Yeah. They could be debug so easy.

A lot of debunking monkeys videos. Yeah, well, more like a bunch of trolls sitting around in their mommy's basement trying to debunk people who are trying to do real art. Yeah.

What about Mickey Dolan's? If he were available, would you take him?

I would kill to get Mickey Dolan's on the Dunstan checks in part two. Mickey, if you heard this, please get on the last trying to clock still and come to the W and Hollywood.

Well, I mean, it sounds like you're keeping busy during the quarantine and you're not affected. I mean, were you sick at all or? I had it for sure. But I've fought it and I really fought it. I've fished, fought it until it was on the ground in front of me. I kicked it off the door and said, try to come back in this house. If you try to come back in this house, I will open your own mouth. I will jump down it. I will call out and put a whole back on to your head. And then I will blind you. That's what I thought that you see.

Sounds like you were hallucinating. You would do. I mean, I mean, is it a self? I don't know. I think it is. Yeah. Well, I'm glad you're okay being dip. I'm glad you're back. I wish it didn't take the quarantine to have you back here on the program. We see you so infrequently. Hey, man, I'm here anytime you want to get me here.

Mostly I just have to hang out with cool ups. She's saying like, well, we'd like to get you on the show. Cool up is going over to your place. Look how she's in command. You're over it. You're at my place. I told you I'm with my friend. Where are you?

Hi, are you the attic? Where are you?

P.S. I'll read your attic finished is what they call it when you put it when you paint the walls.

I'll finish your attic. Oh my god. Well, thank you so much.

Actually, that that the idea of finishing an attic or any room in general kind of is a nice segue to our first guest. Great. Who is it? You want me to tell you? I can tell the listeners as well as you at the same same time if you'd like. Great. My curiosity is peak. Isn't now. Okay. Wonderful. He has not personally, I'm sure the crew does most of it, but he has finished many a room on his television show. Queer eye. He is, of course, the host of getting curious the podcast with Jonathan Van Ness on this very network. Please welcome first time on the show from the Gem City Quincy, Illinois, Jonathan Van Ness. Hello. Hi. Thanks for having me so much.

My pleasure. It's so nice to meet you.

You too. And this is Bean Dip, by the way. I don't know if you're seeing Bean Dip.

No. Bean Dip, you are so busy. Several things came to mind.

Just one of them was social distancing.

Just left off of the audio to me with the kisses and the massage parlor.

I just, I can't, I can't be bothered. I can't do that. You can't be bothered. I can't.

I mean, I have another question. I have another question.

Uh huh. Bean Dip. How long have you been, how long have you been the co-host of this show? Well, today's my first day for co-host. It usually just comes with me on. We have a good conversation, lots of layoffs, a few intimate delves into personal.

I just feel like someone, I just feel like you may have a case against, you know, whoever made Tiger King for they stole your character. You know what I mean? Like, believe me. I mean, you're not even a character. Like here you are, like, you're over here, you know, making an honest living owning the W over in Hollywood. But, you know, I'm incredibly honest, I would say.

Yeah, you have your biggest honest living, but you know, they are clearly from Oklahoma, originally. And I mean, I'm from my secondary trying to capitalize off of everything you worked for minus the Tigers. And I just want you to know that I see that. I see it and I see you seeing it. And how do you feel about something like that?

Like a Tiger King comes along, which is basically making fun of people like you who are real human beings and turns them into stereotypes.

I mean, that's not right, right? No, it's not right. There are lots of people's pending.

Look, I have started a law firm in Prague. That is going to, yes.

What is this law firm called? It's called, if you want to get people who are making you feel bad, they come to this place in Samfog. That sounds more like a slogan than the name of a law firm, but I like it. No, that's unique. That's the name of the law firm. It's like artistic. That's why they went for a long day. Because it's like they want to be seen also as art, like art lawyers. So that's what we're going after. Let me just say it. Let me be played. We're coming for the album. You're coming for Tiger King. Okay, so they should be wary. They should be wary.

And I just feel bad that this is making anybody like Jonathan, even stressful one second about it, because I don't think that he's stressed necessarily is something he's prodded up.

He's stressed out for me. And I'm going to tell you, I truly believe he's an angel on the earth.

And I don't need him having any stress for anything because angels on the earth need to only experience George Lacker love.

Fun time. Angels in the outfield. That's another movie that if they were to do a sequel, I mean, there's no professional sports are happening. So it'd just be the angels hanging out with each other. That's why I don't think we are already filming it at the W.

That's right. Jonathan, it's so great to see you. How's your quarantine been going? What have you been up to? Well, it's going. It's interesting. You know, I find myself in Austin, Texas.

I notice you're in a closet and there's a big hanger next to you.

Yeah, there's this hanger. There are more clothes this way.

Here's a microphone that's not plugged into my computer. So it's purely just a prop.

Makes you look very professional. Yeah, I do use it sometimes not right now. But I am in my closet.

I was mining. Well, I think we were all kind of just working. And then what I was working on here in Austin, we're just, we were on, you know, pausing.

Obviously, because it's really hard to shoot to film queer eye when you're social distancing. You know, we touch so much. And I mean, we touch normally, we touch, we are, we're touching feeling people. We hug. We're always in the egg. It's like always like, you know, 20 people in the same room. So hard to socially distance.

So I, and then I was like, but I was already here. And I had all my cats here. And I was like, do I really want to go all the way back? I don't know if you've ever flown with four cats.

I haven't. I did watch cats on a plane if that counts.

I don't know. But really, you know, my oldest cat just scream yowls. It's called yowling.

He owls from door to door. And that was, that was my experience too. But it was Judy Dench.

Okay. It's such a sight with, with me and four cats in the airport. So I was like, you know, let me just stay down here. So I, I just stayed down here.

I do want to ask you, you, you do, you do people, you're the stylist on queer eye. And I feel like the day after the quarantine is over, first of all, everyone's hair is getting crazy. Okay. Mine is just nuts. And I feel like the day after the quarantine is over is going to be the busiest hair day of the year, won't it?

Are you anticipating that? Are you looking forward to it?

Um, yeah. I mean, I, I really don't know how all that's going to work and how, how people are going to come back into salons. And I, I've been brainstorming actually, like what that's going to look like and like what clients are going to need to have in order to feel safe. And I think, you know, I'm sure you have all seen like there's just so many different responses to some people like, huh, whatever. Other people are like, ah, and I think it's just, in a salon, it's like, you, yeah, I don't know if it's going to be simple. Like everyone just like wearing masks, like having to wear masks and then like washing their hands a lot or something. I don't know.

It's good. But yeah, I'm, but yes, I'm so excited to hear a guy.

What, what about really long scissors? Like six feet long scissors, like comical prop scissors that they, you know, could use in a movie like, honey, I shrunk the kids where, you know, someone gets shrunk down and then stands next to a pair of scissors. And it's like, whoa, look at those scissors, something like that. I was more just thinking like you would need to hire like, like maybe have like less clients in this salon at a time and like maybe like extra cleaning, like slash sanitation crew or something. That's, I mean, it's like one.

Yeah. It's not as far as the long scissors. Yeah.

Yeah. You're like the long scissors, maybe like hard to control.

Speaking of getting curious, talk about the podcast. It's on this very network.

I was looking at all of the episodes today. You have such an eclectic guest list from Katie Couric was on an episode who I worked with on the movie Shark Tale.

What exactly is the, what do you do on the show? Is it a talk show? What do you talk about?

Um, okay. So getting curious. Wait, did you really work with Katie Couric on Sharkdale?

I did. She was a very late addition into the Shark Tale universe. She got cast very, very late in the process and then recorded all of her dialogue very late and we put her in right at the last minute. I'm obsessed with that. Okay. Um, so I getting curious is a weekly exploration of all the things that I'm curious about. So, um, it's included. Like, if I'm curious how to subject, I want to cover it and, um, you know, we, we cover history. We cover, um, environment. Sometimes, um, it's like occupational, like, you know, what's it like to, to do this?

Like, what's it like to be from this country or, you know, like an experiential, um, episode. So, sometimes they're funny. I, I do try to, um, bring like a sense of levity and exploration, like levity and curiosity and joy to subjects that are really, you know, can be very difficult because I think it's important to, to try to be curious about things that aren't necessarily like, um, just so that we can be, you know, better, more curious, like, more well-rounded individuals. So, yeah. Um, but it's fun and it definitely keeps me learning and it keeps me engaged. And I, I just, I love doing it. It's, it's, I think I have the most fun doing, getting curious of probably anything that I get to do. Would you ever have someone like being dip on the show?

You know, I don't know. Here, well, actually, here's the thing. No offense being dip and I don't want this to, I don't want this like go on like T.M. Z or something because we get into like a brawl on Zoom on this, you know, thing. I, I would never fight you say anything you want to say, but you all are going to say, I'm ready to let it rip. Well, actually, well, now that I think about it, I was going to say I wasn't sure about having you on getting curious because I had to be curious about something. But now I feel like I am curious about stuff because you were in the W and I feel like you've seen all sorts of stuff over there, which makes me wonder, have you heard of that crazy documentary, um, about that Boyer hotel owner who had that hotel in like Utah and like the, like the top of it was all cut out and he was like spying on people for like decades.

And this one guy got murdered at his hotel or had like an overdose or something, but he couldn't go to the pulley. Do you see that? Todd, I know that the he he was he was not a good hotel owner.

We all when we would have meetings for the club of hotel owners, we were like, how do we get caught the fuck out of your man? I can't believe that the the hotel, like the, you know, the caliber like the W would have the little like one story motel caliber like mom and pop shop hotel place on the same. These meetings of hotel owners meet, you know, these meetings, they're very democratic. If you own any kind of hotel, you can go to them, right? That's right. So yeah, it's usually like about 4,000, 5,000 people are meeting. It seems like there's more hotels in the world, or at least in the United States, but it's really it's that few. Well, it's a it's a very prestigious thing to get admitted to the club because we have a great sex. Well, Todd used to be very conscientious. He used to have like he was known for having great sheets, hot red camera, really nice front desk people. So we didn't judge on one story, two story. So talk out in, but then wow, man, we wanted to kick him out. We had to go through the bylaws.

Did you know that he was he was peeping in to people? You said, Jonathan, you say you cut off the top of the hotel and no, he like there was a crawl spaces all like above the rooms. And it was like more of like a motel, you know, like more of like one of those like, you know, motel, he sorts of things like a mom and pop shop sort of thing.

And he yeah, he was like spying on people for decades. He was like addicted to it. He was just a crawl space peeper. A few of us went on a task force to his motel and I climbed up in those, those upper parts and you you can't hardly crawl, you just slide because of all the tears. So it was like a slip and slide situation in the crawl space.

You just get open up crawl space and you is just a full slip and slide.

That's the most disgusting part of this story. I think just the peeping itself is bad enough.

But the fact that it wasn't cleaning up after himself, that's the most disgusting part because you get out and you have ruined your dreams.

Well, wonderful. Jonathan, it's great to have you big fan of everything you do out there. And we need to take a break if that's all right. And this is exciting because we do have a wardrobe stylist and an entrepreneur, two businesses that we have that have come up naturally in conversation just here on the show. So this is we'll be talking to them.

And bean dip, you can stick around, right?

Oh, sure, man. I think they're not going to have my lunch ready for me for a couple hours.

Who's making your life the kitchen staff over at the W?

No, no, I'm up in your attic. So I guess you're low.

So when you say there, you just mean cool up.

I just mean, she might have, I don't know, she might have a helper. I don't check.

It's just me here, I think. I had no idea you were here.

You're doing the crawl space.

You're doing the crawl space peeping that what's his name was doing? What was his name?

Todd.

He had a nickname, Jesse Todd. And you had no idea this was going on.

Jizzy Todd, I'm James Bruiner. Yeah.

Parity of Sweeney Todd, the demon barber of Fleet Street.

That's right. But this one is scary. I take one more for it.

Take it to the bank.

Yeah. All right. Well, we're going to take a break. When we come back, we'll have more Jonathan Van Ness, more bean dip. We will be right back with more comedy bang, bang after this.

Comedy bang, bang. We are back here, Jonathan Van Ness from Queer Eye and getting curious with the titular Jonathan Van Ness is here. And we also have bean dip, who is the titular bean dip.

That's right. And the titty, the titty for bean dip.

Titty full. I don't think I've ever heard that adjective titty full.

Well, you should hear when a girl got nice round titties like I do since titty full. Okay.

I mean, you're, I now, by the way, you open the door to this. I don't usually do this on the show to comment on a person's appearance. When you say round, they're like, they are very spherical.

Yeah, they're like, if you ever said an old fashioned ice cream scoop that makes a very big scoop of ice cream for another chocolate chamomie. What is old fashioned about that? The size of the scoop or? Well, now they're 18, 2020. Everybody's trying to get small ice cream scoops. I'm talking about a very large ice cream scoop to fill you up. You could have a fourth dinner instead of dinner.

That's about the size I'm going, a large old school ice cream scoop.

That sounds like Mike quarantine, just having ice cream for dinner, by the way.

All right. Well, let's get to our next guest. She is, we talked about this. She is a wardrobe stylist. And so you have a lot in common with her, Jonathan.

This is going to be a fascinating conversation. Please welcome Auntie Renee. Oh, hello. Thank you. Jonathan, I'm such a fan of yours, honey. I am such a fan of yours too. Oh, you know, you know, my work job at the sweetie.

I don't know. I freaked out. I just said it because I wanted you to feel I wanted to be welcoming and it's hard when someone gives you a compliment, you want to give them back the exact same compliment. It's hard. It's hard. I'm sorry. And that's okay. Cause you know what I appreciate more than honesty is secondary honesty. So for instance, you weren't honest at first. You said you love my work, which was a lie. But when pressed about it, you did admit the truth. And I think secondary honesty says a lot more about a person. Auntie Renee, I do want to to find out exactly what your whole thing is. You're a wardrobe stylist. What exactly is that? I mean, obviously, on Queer Eye, they have wardrobe stylists. Is that sort of what you do?

Oh, no, much different, actually. So I do style people. But what's interesting, I feel a little guilty right now, as Jonathan pointed out, a lot of designers and artists going without work.

And that is truly a shame. However, this is the first time that I am actually truly thriving.

Previously, when everyone could go out and about and get a wardrobe stylist, they might get themselves, somewhat fancy to dress them up for the red carpets, the Oscars, what have you.

What I do is purely virtual styling. So I will style your photograph or avatar for you. And it's simply in a virtual setting. So right now, business is booming. Are people, you know, the Zoom backgrounds? It's like I'm a Zoom background, but for your body and your and your personage. Describe what you mean, because I'm a little bit confused on this. Are you saying that you take people's pictures and then you you Photoshop suits onto them? You ever had a paper doll?

You ever had a paper doll? Who among us has not had a paper doll in their life? Of course, I got a paper doll. You get a book of different outfits to paste on her little flat body.

That's what I do, but digitally with the computer. So are your clients supposed to then find clothes that look like those clothes and put it on their actual bodies? Or are you just doing this photographically? Why would they put anything on their actual bodies? Ain't nobody going nowhere?

Do you know about some secret underground Hollywood football club? We all go into spreading this disease around like a bunch of like a bunch of heat.

Apparently at the W Hotel, there's a lot of this going on. Well, I don't know about that. I stay indoors. When my when my mayor and governor, who I find no fault with at this moment, apparently tell me to stay indoors, I stay indoors.

So I guess, I mean, you have a point here because not a lot of people are seeing us right now and but you know, people are seeing pictures of us. Who cares if we don't actually own the clothes?

You're just putting the clothes on the pictures, right?

Exactly or a filter, a filter on your audio Instagram lives. You know, if you're doing an Instagram live to show some cooking video or something, you don't want to just wear your old nasty clothes. You want to be styled by the greats. Okay, so what you do is you put like a little sort of moving clothes filter on them?

Scott, what I do is I take fineries. I take our money. I you know, I take Louis Vuitton's. I take these desatas, these beautiful pieces of couture and I style people. There's no different than what people do in the 3D world, as I call it. My world is the virtual world. You called the world the 3D world. Isn't it? You can walk around the tree. That's some kind of witchcraft, isn't it?

I guess. I mean, I never really thought about it that way, but you can walk around a tree, which makes it three dimensional. You're right. Everything is go wig digital. Everything is transferring to a two dimensional plane. So you need to figure out how you look best in 2D. 3D is over, honey. We thought we was going to get 4D when they say the little 3D glasses in the cereal box. They'd be like, these are 4D. And it just meant that sometimes they was blurry.

That's gone. We go back to 2D. I saw the I saw a 4D film recently when I saw that recent Spider-Man movie. And you put on 3D glasses and then they squirted stuff on you like water and perfume.

Yeah. What you're talking about? Well, that is dangerous.

No, we don't want anything coming at you in the real world.

We want everything to live, you know, visually on a flat plane or auditorially. I can dress your voice for a podcast.

What do you mean by that? You mean, like, like changing someone's voice or what do you mean?

You ever heard somebody's voice that it just sounded like an old pair of sweatpants?

I mean, you're describing bean dip right now to a T. Oh, no, bean dip has style. I could hear it. I could hear bean dip style, honey. Bean dip is clad in finery couture finery in her voice. Really? I guess I haven't heard that bean dip say something I'll try to ascertain exactly what your voice is wearing. Okay, here's this with normal every day, saying it. Well, I feel like I'm going to have a sandwich.

What will I have on it? My third mayonnaise. How about a little piece of cook duck? See, now I heard Vera Wang.

Well, this, how much do you get paid for something like this?

You know, a lot of times I'm doing it on spec. So a lot of times I'm dressing people to show them what it would be like if they were to pay me. So very little. So you're not making a lot of money these days? No, but business is booming. I mean, essentially, all you're doing is just taking some clipart pictures and sending them to your client. Isn't that true? I mean, why should people pay you for that? Oh, excuse me. You know what I would like you to clip art and send out of here is the word just from that sentence because what I'm doing is provided a service that people need. All these people dressing up, they zoom backgrounds putting themselves on a blurry glitchy golden gate bridge or what have you. I'm doing that before your face and body personality and voice. I'm far more valuable. Do you do people's dating profiles as well? Oh, I love to do a dating profile. That's very in demand in this age of COVID. You know, you got to, you know, got everything's got to be virtual. I think she's right.

Thank you. Yeah. What do you do to someone's dating profile?

Like, do you mean like something like a what do you swipe left on? What is that app called?

This all kind. I've been out of the game so long. I have no idea what it's even called.

I've also added the game, but I've.

Tinder? Is that what it is? No, I have dressed some people on Tinder. You know, on Tinder, everyone wants to look very fit. So sometimes you put them in a nice, like a lulu lemon or a nice Adidas Ivy Park kind of a situation or if they want to look popular and like they go to fancy events out in the 3D world, then I'll put them in, you know, kind of some chic. I'll take inspiration from celebrities that I've seen and worked with and I'll layer that on.

A lot of leather jackets. Leather jackets are big for making you seem cool.

Yeah. I mean, Fonzie taught us that when he changed out of the windbreaker and got into the leather jacket in season two. We all remember it.

Jonathan, I normally don't do this, but I have dressed many pets before. I don't know if you thought these.

My pets.

My pets to be dressed up. They hate it. This is virtual.

They won't even know.

Oh, yeah, I forgot the virtual. What about their image? Do they hate having their image?

No, they don't. So you can definitely dress up my cats as they have it.

Oh, good. Because I was going to say, if your cats understand the computer, you need to run.

You are living with demons. You have to run those on cats.

If they know what a computer picture is.

Okay. I always think that the only if cats or dogs had a poseable thumbs, suddenly we would all be done for like they would just they would murder us.

Either that or the first thing they would do is just turn the door knob and go, see you later and just, you know, run outside. First they would strangle us, then they would make a grilled cheese sandwich and then they would run. That's what in that order.

Probably in that order. Do you think do you think cats should wear smaller human clothes or should we be designing clothes just for cats? Let me tell you exactly what I mean. When you look at clothes these days, they're we designed them for humans.

So the three piece suit, the vest is there in order to disguise the the punchy middle of the man and the lines on a suit or it's all designed for humans.

Shouldn't we be if we're making clothes for cats, shouldn't they be totally just different things like who knows if they even wear pants, who knows if they would wear suits. But what you see all the time when you see clothes for pets is just tinier versions of human clothes. Scott, I'm so glad you brought this up.

This is an excellent observation because you're right. When a cat bends over and tries to walk in that three piece suit, you've stuffed them in, it's all bunched up in the wrong places.

Frankly, it's disgraceful. So what I'm saying, the closest we can get right now are baby clothes because babies walk on all fours. Babies crawl around like a little like a little marmette or a bobcat or something. So you take that onesie or that loose shift dress that Easter printed just shift cotton and you put it on a cat or a dog, that's going to look the closest to what their body should be doing until we have truly innovated. And I call on my young designers. I call on my on my ivy park. I call on my my Louis Vuitton's. I call on my Balenciagas. Y'all need to start designing for animals. Do not retrofit. Honor the animals body. Thank you. And why not pay attention to the tail? It seems like anytime you see these clothes, they're normal human clothes and then the tail is sticking out naked. No, dress up the tail. That is something about me that I started. I always dress up the tail. I treat it like a flagpole and I put a different flag out for whatever country the animals throw. Oh, really? So a Siamese cat would have.

Sometimes it's like a cause they're into or like, you know, if it's a German shepherd, you want to get the right flag because there can be some flags from the 40s that you don't want to put onto that German Shepherd. That's very true. I do try to get a current flag whatever possible to run up the flagpole of a cat's tail.

Of course. Well, this is fascinating.

I wish, I mean, I wish you were making more money. You sound like an innovator? Well, you know, Scott capitalism is dead now. So money doesn't matter. What matters is that business is booming.

And that's what's happening. I guess you're right. I mean, do you think that we're going back to the barter system or do you think? I don't know. Let me tell you this. If you had a million dollars right now, could it could it allow you to go outside and not get sick? Maybe not. So money is not the thing right now that we need what we need are ideas. What we need is images. What we need is beautiful clothing options in a 2D form so that we all feel good. And we need connection, human connection. So money don't wish money on me. Wish were the other things for me. Do you have human connection yourself or you with someone during the quarantine? I do. You know, I have, oh, is there an uncle Renee? There is no uncle Renee uncle Renee was my late husband's father and he had a cookie cup. But he that he ran into the ground on a counter. He got thrown in jail. But my eye used to have a husband he did pass away. So I'm sorry. Oh, no, it's okay. It was his time.

Not not recently. I hope like not in the last week. No, no, it was many years ago.

Okay, I made that mistake before with the Silver Sun pickup lead singer.

No, we're better for it. It's okay. We're all better for it.

He's in a better place. He doesn't, he wanted to be in the 3D world all the time. And I said, okay, well, now you can go up to out of space. I don't know where he went. But I have those were your last words to him.

We had an understanding. We knew that we were both not meant for this world, this 3D world. So he chose his and I chose. Okay. So you chose the 2D world and he chose heaven?

I don't know where he went. Yeah, if there's heaven, show war. Show war. I'm not a religious person. Nothing gets me down. So I don't really pray about it. Yeah, you seem like a very congenial, very light-hearted woman. I try to be upbeat because then it makes me feel smart.

You've been a really happy person who thought they were stupid. You will not. They all think they'll be very smart because they're happy. Well, Auntie Renee, you're such a joy to have on the show. We do need to take a break and get to our next guest who's an entrepreneur, I guess much like yourself. But can you stick around as well? Absolutely.

I'm not going anywhere. Neither are any of you. All right. Well, fantastic. We're going to take a break. We will be right back with more Jonathan Van Ness. We'll be right back with more Bean Dip and also Auntie Renee. We'll be right back with more Comedy Bang Bang after this. Comedy Bang Bang. We are back here, Jonathan Van Ness from Getting Curious and Queer Eye is here as well as Bean Dip and of course Auntie Renee is here.

Widow to Uncle Renee. And we do need to get to our next guest. He is an entrepreneur. I don't know exactly what his business is, but please welcome to the show for the first time Joel Spannaducci. Thanks so much for having me, Scott. It is my pleasure. Welcome to the show. This is a Bean Dip and Auntie Renee and Jonathan. Hello. It's nice to meet all of you. I've been a big fan of the show for a while, Scott. You have really. Oh, thank you so much. It's so nice to hear.

And as an entrepreneur, I've been dying to get on here. I own a puzzle company which you can find at MyPuzz.com. MyPuzz. MyPuzz.com. Is that P-U-Z-Z? Yeah, P-U-Z-Z which is short for puzzle.

Oh, I figured. Yeah. Thank you though. My Puzz stands for the puzzles that I make. And right now, business is booming like never before. Really? I mean, I can imagine. I mean, my wife has been doing puzzles. And yeah, I mean, it's a very solitary activity. So I can imagine that business would be booming. What kind of puzzles do you make?

I make my own puzzles using my business. I'm glad you're not making other people's puzzles. I make puzzles for other people.

Sure, but you're not making puzzles that other people have made already for other people. You get that I sell puzzles, right? You get that I sell them? I do get that you sell puzzles. Yes, thank you.

Okay, good. So I manufacture and create my own puzzles usually in Photoshop or sometimes I just draw something and then I create the puzzle out of that.

Okay, so are you drawing it onto cardboard or what are your puzzles made of? Yes, usually paperboard.

That's what puzzles are made out of.

And then you cut them into different shapes and those shapes are interlocking. Do you know what a puzzle is? You don't have to explain the concept of puzzles. I'm not sure that we have enough time for that. But are you using a jigsaw? That's why they call them a jigsaw puzzle. I don't know if you know that is because they use a jigsaw in order to cut those pieces. How dare you kind to send to me? I know that. I thought I would just do the same thing to you that you're doing to me.

No, you've exposed yourself way more than I have. So puzzles, we don't have time, but they are interlocking pieces that all have a small picture on them.

And when connected, they create a larger picture. I don't believe that the pieces of a puzzle have a small picture on them. They are part of a large picture. No, if every puzzle piece had a entirely complete small picture upon them, that would be a crazy puzzle. I have made puzzles that crazy.

May I just ask? I'm sorry to interrupt, but Scott, what do you consider to be a complete picture?

Is it not just a picture just by being an image? I believe what the man is saying? I mean, me too. Me too. I think that you've actually strayed off the course. I guess maybe I've shown my ass here, but I and every every picture is, I guess, when you think about it, a two-dimensional part of the 3D world. I mean, one can walk around a tree.

So I guess you're wrong.

Uh huh. Scott, I've actually made a puzzle of you showing your ass at a Carl's Jr. while begging for forgiveness from the Sulfur-san pickups lead singer.

So this is not a photograph. This is just a picture that you've drawn.

Yes. I use a lot of multimedia to create these puzzles. I've gotten a bunch of ideas just from listening in on this podcast so far. What are some of your ideas? What do you have?

Katie, Kirk, and Ann Curry cutting each other's hair.

Beautiful. I would love to dress your puzzle of that. You're creating some new fetishes as you're talking. The quarantine is perfect for fetishes and anything that you want to get into.

I also would love to throw my hat in a ring to dress that puzzle as well.

Absolutely. You could dress the cats that are on the back of Kevin James Jetsky and open water surrounded by drowned bodies. I don't know about that puzzle. That puzzle sounds a little grim.

That's that one's only a 20-piece puzzle. 20 pieces really?

Yeah. That's like for a child.

The pieces are so big. My puzzles range from four pieces to 1,500 pieces.

Four pieces. Four pieces. A four-piece puzzle is just a broken picture.

Yeah, that's true. I'm not denying that. When you say you use a lot of multimedia, what exactly are you talking about? So I'll use clip art from the internet. I'll use pictures that I have on my on a CD-ROM. I'll use drawings that I make. I'll use Microsoft Paint, etc.

Okay. Okay. It didn't sound very exciting. I mean, but it sounded very informational.

Yeah. You asked me a question and I answered it. Well, I mean, you hyped it up. You were like, I use a lot of multimedia and you sort of got a glint in your eye. This is going to be interesting and then I ask you, and it's just like this boring stuff. I didn't realize that I had been hyping it up. I can get way more hype than that. Let's see how hype you can get.

I love to draw. Yeah, I love to draw. Boy, when I start drawing, your voice, if I may say, is a Midwestern monotone most times at a three and you possibly took it up to a three and a half. And that's the most hype you can get. Look, everyone in my town is way less hyped than this. Okay. I'm currently quarantined in Effingham, Illinois. Oh, really?

That's over. Is that by Quincy? No, it's you're by Chicago.

No, I'm by Carpondale, Illinois.

Oh, you're way south. Yeah, way south. We don't have time for this either.

Carbondale's similar to Mount Vernon, but there's more hippies.

Okay. That's true. Look, I don't know that we have everybody say your favorite small town in Illinois.

Mine's Ursa. I'll go with Hammond. Oh, no, that's an Indiana. That's Indiana. You fool.

Sorry. I lived there. So what? So what is it about your puzzles that makes them interesting?

Because your the multimedia is not so interesting. What is it about your puzzles?

Well, puzzles in general do a handful of things. They improve short term memory, your spatial visual awareness. They help delay dimension Alzheimer's.

I thought it would have been funny if you had said they delay or improve your short term memory.

And then that was the last thing that you remembered. That would have been funny, right? But no, you're a real person. Why would you? Why would you be saying funny things? Yeah, I'm not trying to crack jokes. And I don't think I've said a funny thing so far. I mean, I may agree. Who knows?

They lower stress too. I'm going to have to do a puzzle after this because I've been getting shit on. Look, I may have a combative interview style.

Perhaps you get the truth out of your guests though. That's what I love about you. Thank you. You are a fan. It's I unfortunately, you're a fan who now is a guest on the show and is finding out that it's not as pleasant on this side of the aisle. No, I've been I was warm in my hands to you roasting people as a fan. And now, I'm too hot to touch.

So what can I say? Auntie Renee, you have something? Yeah, I just want to say, I really respect your line of work. You're a 2D man. That is you live in my world. Essentially, it's not digital is the analog version kind of of what I do in a way. And I just wondered, have you always been in into the 2D aesthetic? So did you did you flirt with with spheres and prisms at some point in your life? Great question. I wish I tried to make some 3D puzzles, but that was an abysmal failure in part because the multimedia aspect doesn't really work as well. And usually you can just make a stupid castle with the 3D puzzle. Really? So what what is the 3D puzzle you tried to make? I tried to make the cast of friends at Central Perk looking over at the doorway as Omar from the wire walks in. And is Omar, does he have the shotgun and is he going to be like, is he whistling and is he going to? He points it at Ross's head and Ross, there's a thought there's a speech bubble coming out that says a speech bubble. So he's talking, it's not a thought bubble. Yeah, that was the easiest part of the puzzle to connect to Ross's head. What does he say? He says, relax, Rachel and I are on a break. So he thinks Omar is upset that the two of them are together and he's going to murder them. But he wants Omar to know that relax Rachel is available in case that he wants to pick up on her. Is that what it is?

Yes. And then Gunther is sighing. Gunther's sighing. Oh, really? He sighs because he's like, bridesmaid again. Rachel's spreading it around everybody but me.

You know, when they do that Friends reunion, I hope you find out that Ross and Rachel broke up like two weeks later and then she just went running into Gunther's arms. What do you think?

I hope so too. Yeah, I definitely, I think Gunther was the guy she was supposed to be with.

You have a very Gunther energy, if I may say so. I thought he was the best character on the show.

Mm hmm. I think there are a lot of people who will think you're the best character on this show.

Yeah. Do you ever do polls on Twitter? Oh, we should do a poll. This will be the first time. We'll definitely do a poll for you. See how you place. I ain't got a lot of confidence that I'm going to be number one. I mean, look, there's five of us on this show. You think you'll get above 20%?

Nope. I think you will. You got an underdog quality. You certainly do.

Yeah. So tell me more about your puzzles. I feel like we haven't cracked this yet. Exactly.

Yeah, we did more info about the puzzles. I'm not sure. I started off very strong with my puzzle.com. I have, I prior to the quarantine, I had sold zero puzzles on my website.

Okay, that's interesting. And then once the quarantine happened, I paid for a simple Google ad and boom, it exploded. And so I did what you naturally do in the United States of America. I price gouged like a motherfucker. Oh, so you people need puzzles in this dire time. And so how much are you selling yours for? Normally a puzzle, I would say would go for 1995 retail. Yep. I sell mine for one 1995. That is a dispense of puzzle. $120 almost just shy, but go to Amazon. I free ship it, you know, within two, three days. That's a part of Amazon Prime. That's not you doing it. Oh, that's I gotta tell you, Scott, I bought one of the puzzles for one 1995 and it was worth it.

Which one did you buy being dip? I bought the one of my like, Eddie Murphy walking on the Titanic and he's like making everybody laugh.

Which character Eddie Murphy is it? Is it both finger? Is it coming to a mother shop? Oh, boomerang with the tuxedo. Yeah. Yeah, with the tuxedo.

He and Billy Zane would would look, you know, very similarly dressed next to each other then.

Well, that I feel, let's ask, let's ask y'all, but I feel like that was the point of the puzzle.

Like, hey, these two guys have a lot of income. Absolutely.

Yeah. Very briefly, but Scott, do you believe that Billy Zane was on the actual South Atlantic?

I think so. I mean, they never said is if you watch the movie Titanic, they never say his character's name. That's like what it's a lot like in that thing you do. They never mentioned the base player's name and they never confirm that it is not a documentary. So, okay.

And no one has seen Billy Zane since that movie's come out.

Is that right?

I have. Correct. I can only speak. Who are you asking? Yeah.

I can only speak for me. I have not seen him or I am. Joel, who are you speaking for? I'm just myself. I've seen him in my puzzles.

How many Billy Zane themed puzzles do you have? I probably 65 or 70.

I've got one where he's walking in on the cast of suddenly Susan eating a spaghetti.

Kathy Griffin and the rest.

Yep. RIP Brooke Shields. Oh, no, she's still with us.

Although at this point with what's going on, who knows by the time this airs? She's not still with me.

When she and Andre Agassi broke up, I wrote her out of my life. Oh, you're an Agassi fan?

Absolutely. Or just a fan of the sanctity of marriage. Both. I just realized that if you're the puzzle man who's made all the Billy Zane posters, I have seen much of your work floating around the internet.

You have a lot of Billy Zane posters out there. Yeah. I use your puzzles. Who knows the difference?

You think a poster is a puzzle? I know.

A poster is just a puzzle. Yeah, it cut up. Yeah. That's a good point. That's absolutely true.

That's that was the first quote at the top of my Geo City's website when I first launched my Puzz.com. I feel like I feel like Auntie Renee that there should be a forest gump style movie made about you. You have just incredible wisdom, much like he did. Thank you. Do I have to play Pinkpong or run a bunch or you just made a movie like it? I think they're playing Pinkpong and running a bunch. I think that might fit into your not trying to recast me in Forest Gump.

No, I'm not trying to do a Forest Gump 2 situation where we recast the lead. I'm just talking a movie in that style, perhaps inspired by. Okay. Well, I'll put it on a vision board. Maybe it'll happen.

Hey, a vision board is just a puzzle you haven't cut up yet.

See that? It's true. It's kind of a backwards puzzle. Yeah, you kind of cut up things to put it on.

Yeah. Things you cut up to put on. I wish people would stop calling them vision boards and call them backwards puzzles. I bet Joel really wishes that. Hi, Joel. Yeah. Is it true that that I know most stack of books behind you that every one of them is a cookbook for how to make lentils?

Is that true? Because we're seeing your your I can only assume it's a a hovel or an apartment.

I'm not quite sure. Yeah. Yeah, I live in like a hobbits type layer dug into the earth.

I bet it stays cool in the summer. Walk with the way to it's so nice. Yeah, it's temperature controlled temperature control. So what are those books back there?

Yeah, every single one is a cookbook for a different color lentil.

How many colored lentils are there as many colors as there are under the sun?

I don't know what that means. Red, blue, yellow, brown, black, typical roigy biv. That's only about seven though. And it seems like you have a stack of about if I had to guess 125 books behind you. You think 125?

Hot count. Let's count them. Let's count them off. One, two, three, four, three, four, three, three, five, six, seven, are you are you what would be considered a hoarder?

I really don't think based on my zoom background, you can even say I'm a hoarder.

Well, it's just you have your books everywhere. You have newspaper. That's not newspaper.

What are those costumes?

Yeah, why do you have so many motorcycle helmets up there?

Yeah, well, there's so many motors I go ahead and have full body cost there.

For Halloween, I went as every character from Mad Max, Fury Road.

Really? Even the guitar playing guy on bungee cords?

Absolutely. That guy. So I was like the guy from Village People who has the fake bodies next to him as the other Village People. Oh, okay. And I was every character. So when I move, you know, there's bars connecting my hands and feet.

Sure. And it comes out like an accordion?

Yeah. And so who were you though dressed as?

I was the guy who sprays all the silver stuff in his mouth.

Oh, okay. To get him high.

Sure. No, I know the plot.

And quarantine is the perfect time to get one of those cans of silver paint and get high.

I don't think that we need to be advertising that. I mean, people are, I will say people are finding new ways to get high every day.

Scott, how do you get high every day?

Yeah. How's you? What's going on?

I'm not saying people are finding new ways to get high every day. I'm saying every day, people find new ways to get high.

Oh, what have you found? What do you want to do?

What's your phone?

Look, I mean, anything under the sink will get you there from what I found.

A sponge.

Meth, Meth, and countertop cleaner.

I keep all of my my pot and cocaine under the sink is what I'm trying to say.

So you're a pot and cocaine guy.

Yeah. Mixed together.

Oh, okay. Now I'm a meditation and Coca-Cola guy.

Okay.

Love to drink a ice cold Coca-Cola and then sit down and watch my thoughts come in and out of consciousness.

Don't you think making Coca-Cola ice cold kind of ruins the flavor a little bit?

It's best warm. Don't you, don't you agree?

If anything's warm, it's this take on Coca-Cola.

I guess you're right.

Well, look, I mean, you're a you're a fascinating person, I guess, Joel.

Don't you want to know Joel Spannaducci.

Spannaducci.

Don't you want to know how my last name is spelled?

How is it spelled?

S-P-A-N-A-D-U-C-C-I.

That's exactly what I wrote it down when I heard what it was.

Really?

Yeah.

Wow.

Cool.

See, at this, this is one time when the hype, the reveal matched the hype.

It truly did, my gosh.

I mean, you set it up and you just knocked it down with that spelling.

Amazing.

Oh, it's thrilling to witness.

Yeah, I know.

Well, look, Joel, you're a fascinating guy.

We have, I could talk to you all day about, I mean, not about puzzles because I don't know that we really covered much ground there pastmypuzz.com, which was very funny.

But we have no more time here on the show.

We just have time for one final feature.

And that's a little something called plugs.

Oh, nice and short and sweet.

I love it.

That was I Want to Know by Tom Tierney.

Thank you to Tom for that wonderful plugs theme.

If you have a plugs theme head on over to the Year Wolf message boards and you may play it here on humanity's podcast.

All right, let's plug it up.

Jonathan, what do you want to plug here?

I would plug my new children's book called Peanut Goes for the Gold, which is about a Peanuts quest to become a rhythmic gymnast.

And then my book, my memoir over the top, which the sales from the month of March and April, I'm going to donate a proceed to No Kid Hungry.

And then I'm also going to donate a proceed to the Ali Bernays Center and the Trevor Project here in the States.

Yeah, so you can get both of those at JonathanBenness.com.

Okay, now if you go to Amazon and you type in over the top, the Sylvester Stallone arm wrestling movie might come up.

Don't order that.

Yeah, it's the book one.

It's the book one.

Yeah.

Okay, wonderful.

And of course, your podcast getting curious every week.

Yes.

Getting curious as well.

Yeah.

Bean dip, what are you plugging?

I'll plug sister from my friend because she has a few things that are streaming right now.

It seems like that's whatever a lot of what's to do is watch streaming stuff.

So they could watch the first season of the Raj's Gemstones or HBO.

They could watch Knogs out on a, it's that's a movie or they could watch True Zero.

So I'm going to say some stuff for this bitch.

All right.

Well, that's wonderful.

Those are great projects.

So whoever this woman is, I'll call her a woman if that's all right.

Yeah, you could call her a woman.

Her name is Edie Patterson.

But look, my deed is done.

It truly is.

All right.

On to your day.

What do you have to plug?

Yes.

I actually have the opportunity to address a virtual premiere.

I'm going to be dressing up premiere for a new Netflix program called Space for Worse.

And so I'm going to be dressing the cast while I'm going to be dressing there to delikenesses for them to do with whatever they please.

But that's going to be on Netflix.

You can watch the show May 29th.

It's about outer space.

There's funny people in it.

You know, there's a lot of guest stars of people that you might be more excited about.

More excited than the cast.

Some of us in the main cast.

It has to be corral in it.

Well, him, you're going to love.

You're going to love John Malkovich.

You're going to love Jimmy O. Yang and Ben Schwartz.

You're going to love a lot of people.

And then there's going to be some other people in it that you're going to be like, not who knows who knows what you might be.

All right.

Space for worse comes out in May.

And what do you have, Joel?

I would absolutely plug my website, mypuzz.com again.

Of course you would.

If you're sitting around streaming things, I would suggest Spotify.

And then also shrink on that.

Like for Spotify.

Yeah, but just Spotify.

Put it on random.

See what happens.

Then check out shrink on the NBC app and the season one of righteous gemstones on HBO.

Is that on peacock as well shrink or did not that not get over there?

Who knows?

I am not in contact with them.

All right.

I have nothing to plug other than just watch comedy bang bang on Netflix.

All right.

Let's close up the old plug bag.

You start with a C when you want to close it up.

You lead with an L and then you.

Oh.

Free enough to plug bag.

Hold me up.

Pull back.

Take your hand and open it up.

Then the ratio comes and then he just says.

Be known in all my life.

Give me the depth of paradise.

Let's say it all.

I love it.

I love paradise.

Hold me up to plug bag.

Everybody wants to open up the plug bag.

Keep me fucking open up to plug.

Hold me up to plug bag.

All right guys.

I want to thank you so much.

It's great having you on the show.

Jonathan, so nice to meet you.

I hope you're doing okay in Austin.

Keep yourself safe.

You're America's treasure.

We want to keep you safe and warm.

Thank you so much.

It's nice to meet all of you.

Thank you.

Thank you for having me.

Yeah.

Beandip, want to thank you so much.

Great seeing you.

Oh, great to see you.

You've got it anytime, anytime.

One, two, three.

I mean, you are sneaking around up, being a jizz creeper apparently up in my crawl space.

Hey, don't second guess it.

Okay.

I may third guess it.

Auntie Renee.

Yeah, absolutely.

Widow.

Don't call Renee.

I don't like to beat the fudge by the bed of my life, Scott.

Why can't you see me for what I am?

A two dimensional avatar dresser upper.

All right.

Good point.

And of course Joel's Spaniducci.

The Spaniducci.

I love it.

You like that.

Anything else you're going to start collecting to add to that collection back there?

In your house?

I mean, probably as soon as the quarantine, I hope quarantine gets lifted by Halloween because I would love to add some more costumes to my collection.

So I would...

What do you have planned?

For Halloween?

Well, I mean costume wise.

You mentioned the costume.

Look, this is the third time you're luring me into something and possibly not delivering.

But I'm going to ask anyway, what are these costumes that you want to start doing for Halloween?

I want to dress up as a pizza delivery guy.

That gets hugs.

Okay.

All right.

Maybe...

Did that pay off?

I don't think so.

All right.

We'll see you next time.

Thanks.

Bye.
