♪♪♪ You may have invented the light bulb Mr. Edison, but I ingested it.

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

Mmm-mm! Thank you to Reese's makes words for that catchphrase submission.

A late submission into our catchphrase submissions, but just got it in under the wire in order to be read on this episode.

And what an episode it is. This is our 11th anniversary episode.

It's hard to believe, as Jimmy Pardo says, a lazy baker.

It's incredible to be going that long.

My name is Scott Ockerman. I'm the host of Comedy Bang Bang, and have been the host off and on since the beginning.

Mainly on, always on, slightly off as well.

And welcome to the show. We have a great show. Coming up a little later, we have a hunter.

Oh, that's very exciting. We also have a social media expert, a singer, all sorts of people here to celebrate the 11th anniversary.

And it's a strange 11th anniversary because obviously what's been going on in the world, everyone is tucked safely in their homes.

Hopefully, hopefully you're in your homes. Or perhaps you have to go to work.

You're out there in a necessary position. Whatever the case may be.

We're here recording the show remotely, but we hope that we can be of service to you in whatever your job or non-job may be here in these tough times here in not only United States, but the world.

And that brings me to my second point, which is last week, we switched over from being America's podcast to now.

Humanities podcast. So I want to welcome all humans, not just in North America, South America. I want to extend past whatever hemisphere you happen to be in.

I want to extend past our borders and welcome our friends from Europe and Asia and Australia and every human.

And if there are humans, perhaps, who have traversed from Earth and are living on other planets and they came up with secret ways of space travel, then hello to you as well. If you're listening to this on a golden record out there in the future and you're not human, this is not for you.

This is not for you. If you were an alien, not for you, just press stop. The opposite of what Aerosmith once said when they said just pressed play.

So the just released Pentagon video of aliens, you think those aliens might have been trying to pick up comedy bang bang episodes and you want them to know it's not for them?

Well, Jason, by the way, this is Jason Manzukas. Welcome to the show, Jason Manzukas. You know him from he's the TikTok man. He's the dink, dink man, the Hainong man.

Please welcome Jason Manzukas, the show. Thank you. John Wick, chapter three, Parabellum.

It means everything to me. TikTok is welcome.

Cast solely based on beard length. Is that true?

Yeah, no, it was it was an atypical audition because they just watched your hair grow.

Yeah, all I had to send was a picture of how big my beard was and they said get here tomorrow.

A time lapse video of it just growing. Yes, and and and the watch fit my wrist.

Oh, there were three other guys who got the part before me, but you know, they were fat-risted.

Were they were these watches? They didn't have other holes in them? Or was it a worn out hole that they needed it to be a.

It was a it was a fit clasp. So it had to lock in place.

You know, you mentioned something that was just released a few days ago.

These were not aliens necessarily. These were unidentified flying objects.

Yes, I'm sorry. I should have been more clear. Yes, the Pentagon in a move.

I can't imagine why right now they would for some reason decide to confirm that there is in fact unidentified flying objects.

They're all there are all I mean, this is a lot like, you know, every musician is out there going through their demos right now like a waste is just put out a demo that's been lost for 20 years.

It's like everyone is just sitting around the house. The Pentagon is just going through old shit and they see all these videos.

They're like, this is the perfect time to put them up. So you think these are just Pentagon home videos? These guys, these guys, these, these are just like these are the Pentagon's funniest home videos as well, which is not saying a lot.

They're saying a lot get on this.

But they're just unidentified and I for one can identify them. They're planes.

Yeah, or there's something. I mean, it's like they are something.

To me, it just seems like put this out. Let them talk about aliens for a while instead of the fact that everyone's dying.

I mean, what if aliens came down and landed during the quarantine?

By the way, if they have a cure, now is the time. Now is the time. Hey, we welcome all aliens.

Now is the time to colonize this planet. You know how you arrive? You say, hey, we have the cure for this, except you now have to give us whatever it is they lack.

You have to subjugate yourselves and become our claims.

Great. We will be coming. We will mine your planet for all of its resources.

It's resources. Of course. Yes. Yeah, I will bow down to you. You will become my lord.

We have the technology we can solve this this COVID.

Please do. Yeah. Come on in, aliens. And by the way, we would become not only humanity's podcast, but also alien podcast.

Yeah, that's what I was going to ask. Are you willing? Are you willing to reach across the galaxy and make this podcast for aliens as well?

I say, if you have a cure, then I will be almost like your court jester. I'll be working exclusively for the benefit of laughter of aliens.

However, they laugh in the kingdom of whatever alien, whatever job of the hunt now takes over for us, whatever, whatever criminal or colonial leader, you will just become their podcast jester.

Yes, if they're a job of the hot, then I'll be who was on his shoulder with a little from a salacious crumb. Of course, I thought it was screech.

Someone different. Although we don't know that salacious crumb was not played by Dustin Diamond.

Yeah, that's true. That's true. Because, you know, like somebody has to voice those characters and it might have been double D's himself.

Welcome to the show. Jason, always great to have you. Thank you so much for celebrating our 11th anniversary here. It means a lot that you could be here.

I guess when I say you could be here, you're just, it looks like you're in a closet. You have now now every time I've ever seen you, you've been wearing a white shirt and jeans.

And yet it appears I'm looking in your closet right now.

You have more clothes than that.

I do have more clothes. I do have more clothes than that.

This is breaking news. This is huge, huge news. What you're seeing though are like sweaters. Right? And the aforementioned jeans.

This is like a mid-second act twist. But all. Full on corner. Jason just moved his camera around so we can see an entire corner is just filled with white shirts.

All the white shirts. But I mean, there are four corners in this closet. If I'm not mistaken, is that true or are you in a period?

This is a rare octagonal closet. So there are eight. The shape of the stop sign.

There are eight corners because I want to say stop. Think about what you're putting on your body.

Just in case there are aliens flying above who want to land on your roof. It's a stop sign.

You want to peep what I'm up to. Yeah. It's a big, it's a stop sign. Yeah.

So how have you been? What have you been doing during the Quar? Buddy, you know, when last we spoke, it was one of the last, you are genuinely one of the last people I saw in person when you, Andy Daley and myself, recorded an episode of Comedy Bang Bang.

Just came out of a couple of weeks ago. But we recorded it weeks prior. Yeah, maybe six weeks ago or something like that.

On the precipice of it really was one of the last things I left the house to do.

We were like, Thelma and Louise, we were staring at that chasm of quarantine. We were like, should we gun it? And we just took it right over me.

And you said unequivocally, yes, I want off of this thing.

And I said, no.

No. And so like I will say, like, I basically went in the house after that and have barely left. This has been, this is wild.

Yes. I mean, you've left to you have your weekly volleyball tournament.

Well, it's not a volleyball tournament. Every week for the last 12 years, me and three other friends go to Zuma Beach and we recreate the playing with the boys volleyball beach volleyball sequence from Top Gun.

Right. So you're not competing during this. You're actually not competing. We're trying to score the exact same points that they did during the boot.

In the same way, we're wearing jeans. We play the song. It's just simply from Top Gun.

Now, I know this is a reference, but I've never seen the film Top Gun. So I don't quite know. They're wearing jeans while they play volleyball.

Yes. On the beach.

Can you explain? By the way, we had a guest on recently.

You had to explain the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles plot to me. What is essentially the plot of it?

Here's what I'm guessing the plot of Top Gun.

I couldn't tell you this movie has been around for 35 years, I think Top Gun has.

It's been around. It's been part of the cultural conversation for over three decades. Here's what I guess the plot of it is from context clues.

Great.

Tom Cruise likes to fly in a plane and he flies around. Is that the plot?

I mean, that's certainly, you've mentioned some of the salient components of the film. Yes.

Which did I get right? None of that is what we consider plot. And I know you to be a Hollywood writer, and I'm putting that in quotes, because you're showing here a complete fundamental lack of understanding of what plot is.

But what parts did I get right? Tom Cruise. Yeah. You mentioned many of the specific things that are in the movie.

He likes flying in planes. He likes flying in planes. In fact, he might be one of the best at it.

But does he like it? I'm the best. I'm the best at doing this podcast. I wouldn't necessarily say I like it.

You are not the best at doing this podcast. That is with many people have mentioned that.

And so he does. He flies high. He flies high.

So, and what songs are in this movie as far as I know, take your breath away. I remember that is in.

Is that where they play? I wait to the danger zone. Do they play volleyball to either of those songs or is it a totally different? No, they play volleyball to play in with the boys.

The song. Why is playing with the boys? Isn't that is that the right song? Can somebody pull it up? And I don't know.

Can we play it on the thing right now?

Does Joe Parker sing that about his testicles? Could I insert a song? For example, in this, this is a technical question.

Can I currently pull up iTunes and whatever and play the song to everybody? Yeah. If you press if you press share screen. Yeah.

Oh, no way. I'm sharing screen. Okay. What do you got on that bad boy? Don't worry about it. But I'm like, don't.

Don't. For sure. I'm not sharing my screen. Somebody shared their screen on a zoom. I was with the other night and I went, that's a lot of open tabs, buddy.

And he was like, Oh, shit. Oh, shit. Oh, shit. And like immediately stopped sharing screen. Well, Jason, I hope you're keeping safe. I'm glad you're on the show.

I'm keeping very safe. This is my worst nightmare come true.

I am most afraid of germs and pandemics and stuff like this so that the idea that this is a reality is shocking.

And the idea that this would take you down. This is what you've always expected, but you hoped it would never happen.

That I always hoped and believed that I was being foolish or naive or narcissistic or self absorbed that my great fear would be the thing.

And turns out my great fear is the thing. I may be some, maybe I summoned it. I don't know. Perhaps, although I would say you have been someone who has been taking great pains to wash your hands all the time.

You're a germaphobe. And yet, you and I are on the exact same level right now. We started the pandemic. You know, you had no handicap on me.

Sure. I've not been, you know, doing things to the extent that you have been doing it. And yet we're at the exact same place. Totally. How do you feel about that?

Absolutely. Absolutely. I mean, I think I mean, I recognize that a lot of what I'm doing is for psychological and obsessive reasons, not for practical scientific reasons.

You know, although I will say the frequency with which I normally in pre pandemic times wash my hands, which is constantly is a benefit in these times now, especially as things start to open up. Like I'm in the routine of always washing my hands.

I mean, we're all rising to meet you. I'm just saying that it seems like you should have gotten like a free month on the back end of the quarantine where you can go outside and do whatever you want because you have been doing it for a long time.

Because you have been doing it for so many years. And yet you don't get you don't get so fragile from like being so like delicate that I would probably step outside my house and immediately die.

Well, I hope that doesn't happen. Please don't immediately die. Although I do believe that you eventually you will die.

Yes. And I hope that I hope genuinely I hope that when it happens, it is immediate.

I hope that it is not a lingering long. So you you want to be what like you want there to be some sort of like giant swirling circular buzz saw blade that just chops off your head or what I mean what exactly do you want.

What world is this that you're imagining this is in the world of our case post COVID. It's going to be just like like roaming gangs of like comic book villain characters.

They may have them attached, you know, they cut off their own hands and they attach circular blades in order to defend themselves.

But that's how you want to go. You don't want you don't like even just like five minutes like someone injects you with poison and says you have five minutes to live dink dink dink man.

And you know in five minutes, you will be dead you like you have five minutes to like wrap up all of your loose ends, whatever they may be.

Okay, well then I understand I was more meaning I would not like it to be lingering agony.

By the way, what loose ends do you have what do you need to take care of. Oh, loose ends first up trim my split ends.

That's one of them.

You can't see this but I'm doing a thumbs down. You know, I loose ends you know, you know, I've got it there's people I'm going to talk to those you know, there's people I gotta say stuff to those like I'd probably still have to like Let me ask you this do you have a will. I do yeah we a few years back. Cool up and I, you know, it's one of those things you kind of have to take care of when you really at any point and you can do it definitely over there at legal zoom where life meets legal Which by the way, it should be when where legal meets zoom should it not. Wait this zoom. No, not the zoom that we're on not this call. But yeah we you have to like figure out exactly what did you really do it through legal zoom or are you kidding about that.

You can do it through legal zoom and they're one of our wonderful sponsors. And it's something that everyone should do and take care. I set up my will through bonobos.

So you're just what are you willing all of your white shirts to people or what I'm just sending pants through the mail to my loved ones.

Oh God. Well speaking of the future. It's wonderful to have you on the present Jason. We need to get to our first guest if that's okay.

Have you ever been in the same room with this person or in different rooms. No, not at all. Well you're not in the same room with this person now because he's coming to us remotely from I'm not quite sure where I can't get a quite a handle on where he's broadcasting from but he's been on the show many times.

He's a hunter and in fact he is a treasure hunter. Please welcome back to the show Brock love it. Hello Brock.

Scott can you hear me? Do you read me? I do read you. I do hear you as well. I just want to make sure we have a good connection so you can hear me okay.

We have a great connection Jason you can hear Brock. I can't.

Brock it's an absolute pleasure to meet you.

I'm having broths right now. That's kind of a coincidence.

Where are you transmitting from? I can't quite tell. I'm kind of embarrassed to say I'll swing the camera around so you can see I'm on David Gefens yacht.

Oh wow. That is beautiful. Look at that sunset. That is a great yacht and I feel bad because I know that people got mad at him because he was instagramming about being on his yacht and it just seemed kind of gross but you know me I love the ocean. That's where all the treasure is. I love wet treasures.

The wetter the better. Is that still your tattoo Scott? The one you see you'll always get?

Inspired by Brock of course no one seems to get it. Hey Jason how are you? Pretty good bro. Pretty good.

I like your red shirt. Thank you so much. I appreciate it.

Pretty cool. You want to stick with that?

Brock I have to ask did you get on to David Gefens yacht after he instagrammed it because you were tempted or have you been on there since the beginning?

Okay this is where it gets tricky. Someone call run DMC.

Why? Well they'd be very interested. I'm tricky things are there. I've got I've got Daryl's number let me call him.

Okay J.M.S.J. unfortunately no longer with us. It's already passed away.

But run and DMC Rev Run of course. Rev Run yeah. Daryl McDaniel's.

That's right that's all of them. We did it.

McDaniel's not McDonald's. Okay do you say that anytime you encounter? Well the rhymes are Daryl's but the burgers are Ronald.

What? I'm sorry Brock. Are you in you in DMC cover group?

What's happening? We're sponsored by run DMC. I'm sorry.

But Brock I know you've sponsored by run DMC. Is this comedy band being episode one? Back by run DMC.

Just by run DMC. It's interesting be it tougher than leather. Sponsored by. Raising hell. Whatever. Whatever you're into.

Run DMC can cover it. Sponsored by nostalgia. But Brock I know that you've been under the ocean for too many years really to have too much of a familiarity with run DMC.

So those were lyrics I was quoting. No I've heard of run DMC.

I just don't know that McDonald's thing confused me I guess.

I'm not as familiar with their lyrics but I know who they are. I didn't live under the ocean.

Brock can I ask you a question? Of course you can.

Is now and perhaps this is even why you're on David Geffen's yacht. Now that everything is kind of quiet and everything is shut down is now a particularly good time to hunt for treasure because there aren't other competitors.

Well that's kind of what I thought and I'll come clean. I stoned away on David's yacht. Even though I'm stoned away.

I thought this guy if I know anything about rich people have big boats, they're cowards.

And they like they have these things. They have these big extravagances where they can wait out natural disasters.

And so that's what I'm going to do. Stow away on his yacht.

I'm pretty proud of myself. I called it.

But I really thought okay here's what I'll do. I'll hide during the day and then I'll hunt for treasure at night.

It seems like night. Isn't it darker under the sea at night?

Or is it I really don't know. Is it exactly as dark? I would assume that if it's dark above water, it's daytime underwater.

Yes that's true. Listen under the sea, it's very dark there.

There's rotten bark there under the sea.

Now I don't know what that is. I'm too busy listening to run DMC.

I'm just explaining under the sea to you. Oh okay. Yes it is darker but I have state of the art equipment. I have a suit that I can put on where I can I can essentially just dive solo by myself down under the depths and search for treasure.

Obviously I can't go down to the sea floor but I knew this guy wasn't going to go that far out.

You're not going out into the deep deep ocean where it's like the pressure would become too powerful. You're in more kind of like where I'm sure David Geffen would prefer to go beautiful locales and so forth.

Yeah everything's blue there, nothing to do there under the sea. And so what happened was, you know the suit has lights on it to enable me to find treasure.

Of course it makes everything very scary because all of a sudden a fish will swim in front of your light and you get freaked out.

This is like a suit sort of like the electric horseman. It has lights all over it.

That is exactly my inspiration for this suit. It essentially I look like a Christmas tree because the lights are colored and they blink on it off.

It's also that helps me. I thought it would help ward away predators. You know because you got to figure any like a barracuda, a shark, whatever.

This is out of my frame of reference. No thanks. This is out of my jurisdiction.

But there's it's not my bailiwick but there's a lot of smaller fish. They love flashing lights because they think oh that's got to be something smaller than me that I can eat.

Okay so this has been a problem. I'm covered with tiny fish.

Sometimes it makes it harder to see the treasure.

Like a what? Some sort of fish rave where you attract the lights and they just think it's a party.

Yeah and I'm feeding them ecstasy. Oh wow. Okay. I'm feeding these little fish.

So you're just underwater at night just rolling hard with fish.

No I'm not I'm look I don't partake but I figure I'll give these fish an experience I've never had before.

Are you selling them ecstasy? Are you an underwater dealer?

Well what this is ridiculous. What money would they have to give me?

Clams? Yeah. Oh yeah. Are you kidding? The currency of the sea.

Okay. What you're not going to go with sand dollars? No I'm not. Look you're talking to the guy who wrote shark tail.

You're going to go back to Flintstones with clams. Brock are you following a treasure map or are you just freestyling?

Like are you the kind of guy that's like run DMC did? It's a little it's a little of both because you know a lot of times I'll have a map and then sometimes that'll turn out to be you know someone swindled me.

Here's one word of advice for future treasure hunters. If somebody wrote it on a napkin don't buy it. It's probably it's probably a fake.

Any other like treasure hunter rules like that? Here's what you want to look for. You want to look for old cracked parchment.

You want to look for words spelled with unnecessary ease.

Any time there's a dragon absolutely that's probably the genuine article.

I would think that right now there aren't a lot of treasure hunters out there but at the same time there aren't a lot of people leaving treasures so it's like you know if you're a treasure hunter I would think there'd be like a take a treasure, leave a treasure sort of policy.

How much active treasure leaving do you think is happening in present time? Isn't that the point of treasure hunting like you're looking for like ships that crashed 200 years ago or sank 200 years ago or whatever.

That's good point Jason let me explain what treasure is because I don't think we've ever defined it on the show.

Oh wow this is big okay here we go. First of all if you leave it on purpose that's not treasure. Do you know what I mean?

Yeah because you know I'm sorry. That's like geology. No no no no. I'm sorry but.

In the book that has treasure in its very title Treasure Island are they not trying to find the treasure that a pirate left there in order to like safely key.

It was like underground was the banks during treasure time.

Yeah but they leave it there for people to find that's my distinction I'm making.

You're saying I take a treasure leave a treasure I'm taking issue with you and your words.

So you're using my words against me? That's exactly what I'm doing. You didn't even see that coming.

If you go into the 7-Eleven and they have a take a penny leave a penny and you see the penny in there you don't say I found a penny.

What a treasure. I certainly do. By the way I take that penny and then I put it right back so I can leave it.

So you think it's take this penny and leave the same penny.

Yeah it's it.

So treasure by its nature is something you are taking from someone else who is either dead or not around.

That's what is this distinction? What is this distinction you make Brock? When does treasure become someone else's property?

Like if Scott and Koolop were to leave the house and I'm not saying we are.

We are. Is there house full of treasure or is there house flooded? This is an important detail.

And then we get back to it has to be wet in order to be treated. If it's underwater it's treasure.

Oh you know what's gonna Brock you know what I have huge update for you. Global warming winds because the coast is going to flood.

Because water levels are going to rise so high. Hey man you stop you right there. This isn't news to me.

There's going to be so much underwater treasure. I've heard of. Yeah I've heard. You don't think I think about this all the time.

Like all of coastal United States is going to be just underwater. How is this full of treasure and the corpses of the people that weren't able to get out in time?

This is all I'm thinking about all the time. That's another reason why I stowed away and David Giffens yawt because I was thinking about it too much.

And I said I got to get back to my roots going underwater fighting treasure that's left by people who wore plumed hats hundreds of years ago.

So I have to ask if someone's house just floods like they're the pipes in their basement break and suddenly their house floods and they have to leave it and go stay in a hotel you think that's fair game.

We've been over this. If the if the treasure is just if you just spill some water in your bathroom and you get a pearl.

A set of pearl earrings wet. That's not treasure.

But if there's six inches of water in your house and you have a valuable watch that's in that six inches of water.

It might be treasure. That's treasure. It might be treasure.

If you have six inches of water in your treasure. If you turn on a fire hydrant and the water shoots down your chimney into your living room.

You used to fill your home with water enough to cover a valuable tea coffee table. That just might be treasure. You might have some treasure.

This is. Now then I thought so okay I thought I'll get back to my roots look for treasure in the ocean.

There are moored off this weird little island right. It's a strange island. There's there's maybe one human person that lives there. And then the rest is these strange woodland creatures are all wearing clothes. There's like some raccoons.

There's a there's a hippopotamus. There's a.

They're all wearing clothes. They're all wearing little and here's the thing they're all the same sizes each other. So like the hippopotamus is the size of a raccoon. But the raccoon is the size of a person.

Okay are they walking on two legs? Everybody's walking on two legs. Do they have structures that they're able to.

We have to have structures domiciles you mean like houses.

Yeah I mean like houses. Yeah. Why are we putting on fancy.

I don't know. Are we putting on air? Feels like you're trying to trick me. I mean hey listen they might live in apartment buildings. I don't know. They have apartment buildings. It was all didn't seem to be. It just seemed to be single dwelling homes. So no duplexes. None that I could see.

Did you look though. I thought I did. I'll be honest. I did look for duplexes. Okay good. Does everybody own or is there a rental market on this island? Yeah we're there on the first of the month. Did you see anyone writing a check?

I could get in on the real estate of this all. I couldn't figure it out because when I tried to talk to anybody. You know I'd sneak out there and I tried to talk to anybody.

I couldn't understand their language. They had their own language. Really? What does it sound like? It sounded like Huh, here's the thing. So I went looking for treasure, right?

Because I gathered from the way the these Creatures were talking that there must be treasure to be had they seem very excited about certain things one time I saw the human dig up a bag of money, and I thought okay, there's treasure here. This was weird I'd never seen this before and it goes against my principles as an underwater treasure hunter I'd see like a gift tied to a balloon floating in the sky I'd shoot that down with my trusty slingshot and Then when I open it up it would be like a household item.

Can I ask can I ask Brock?

Because it sounds to me just from context clues. Yeah these are all the hallmarks of a certain video game that People are playing right now Like the island of dr. Moreau the video game. Yeah, is there one? Yeah, there is You play as Valgomer's character From Top Gun yes, Iceman. Oh Playing with the boys wait Iceman is in Top Gun and X-Men.

Yes Yes, Bobby Drake Bobby Drake X-Men character Iceman is featured in Top Gun also goose from untitled goose game Wait, so I'm trying to figure out exactly what you're talking about because at first I thought it was an island of dr. Moreau thing and now then I thought it was an animal crossing thing. What's animal crossing?

Animal Crossing is it's a video game that I believe David Geffen might have actually Why do you believe that?

Because he's rich and I think Don't the rich people just buy it. They just buy one of everything You think animal crossing is is just for the rich if I were rich I would buy one of everything that was on earth no matter what no matter what it was You just have a guy that just buys you one of everything Yeah, so then even within a game system he buys one of every game one of every game So yeah, yeah, and you know, I mean no matter what it is on earth I want I want one dresser. I want one Mona Lisa Everything so he's got every IKEA item somewhere. Yeah the slove of Arc everything Were you playing a video game while you were on this boat at all? Scott? I've never played a video game in my life what The first video game I ever saw was tank battle on the original Atari and I thought this is an instrument of war And that goes against my principles. I mean, that's what the movie war games was basically based on That's why I wouldn't see it all I care about is being kind to my fellow human beings and treasure I never finished that movie because when it said do you want to play a game?

I said no, thank you and I turned it off. You just turned off the movie. I turned off the movie I was like every every here I'm here to watch a movie. I'm not here to play a game Do you think every character in every movie is talking to you and asking you questions?

No, I know no no they're interacting with all of the characters inclusive of myself Hmm so when Humphrey Bogart says we'll always have Paris and Casablanca. He's including you and Robertment but when he says play it again Sam I know he's talking to Sam because he only says Sam He's had there's a first person Address in a movie and the name is not specified it could include you and and I'm using You know the information at hand to decide whether or not I should respond and I'm frequently do What about when that guy in in Annie Hall?

It keeps calling Woody Allen Max. Were you confused by that?

Did you think he was talking to you as well?

When he keeps going no because my name is at Max But Woody Allen is a max either Yeah, nobody's name is Max in the movie in the movie Yes in the mood. What do you think we're talking about the video game?

Annie Hall is so you spend 40 minutes just playing squash So much squash and tennis in the Annie Hall video game I honestly I think that I know he's canceled everything lobster level Right. I know he's canceled but but but video games based on Woody Allen movies are definitely something that I would be very into Just like Hanging out in his world and doing the things that he does those squashes always go into bookstores all that kind of stuff those squashes Just going eating at a lanes sure Well look Brock It sounds like a wild tale, but I'm afraid we have to take a break if that's okay I think you're full for doing so well we have to Talk to the people where life meets legal possibly and see what they're up to about their living wills and the like If we're lucky We are gonna come back. We have so much more show to get to this is our 11th anniversary show We will be right back with more comedy bang bang after this Comedy bang bang we are back here Jason man Zukas is here coming from his closet He's inside the closet and Have you been into Inside that closet the entire quarantine or have you gone to other rooms in your house?

You know, I don't trust you that any of the other rooms in my house I just don't know I don't know where they're going when I'm not in them Right is this is the closet a panic room of sorts? I mean I mean it is in the sense that I'm inside of it in a constant panic but no, it's not a panic room in that there are locks or you know some sort of like Like a bunch of screens that show cameras that show me the house and the bad guys that are in it This isn't David Fincher's panic room. I don't know where the Barata is. I told you I have to engineer this fucking podcast What is that I told I gotta zoom this stupid fucking pot with that tall fucking guy the guy on co-wrote sharktail You know, I'm talking about get the fuck out of here. Wait.

All right. Am I am I in the room? Am I in the zoom room?

Gino Gino. Yes. Yes. Hey Scotty. How's it going, but I'm so excited to work with you again today Okay, Gino look where are you by the way Brock love it Brock love it is also here. I forgot to reset with him Hello Brock. Hey, what's up? It's me Brock love a treasure hunter treasure hunter to the stars. Oh shit I don't know if you've ever found treasure for big Hollywood stars before I mean Let's see does Tom Berger on count he certainly does he does in this book. I'm reading some stupid fucking book about Tom Bergeron You're reading that what oh Is it is it Bergeron on Bergeron? Yeah written by Aaron Bergeron who's on Bergeron who did comedy in New York like 15 20 years ago You know yep. Yep. You know are you Gino. Where are you transmitting from are you still in that basement?

No, Mama Gina's they bulldozed the place to put up a parking lot, which was a bummer Oh, they paved paradise and put up a parking lot just like Joni Mitchell said. Oh, yes, that's where I'd heard that before Well, I now I'm staying in you know Rosalind High School. I'm gonna clear I'm in a huge lawsuit with HBO right now So I'm chained myself to the basement of Rosalind High School. No, I don't What is what is Rosalind High School? What does that have to do with HBO HBO just released the new Hugh Jackman movies called Bad education about the superintendent of Rosalind High School. Oh He was embezzling money so and They go into some of his more sordid details that he was in the closet and he was in the young men and Jason. Oh Jason okay, I just into young men are no no only in the car for Hillary might have you killed Hillary It's hard for me not to see Wolverine or PT Barnum when I see this guy me. That's right Girls or PT baby physical therapy Barnum not it Not his own Oh That's one of my favorite Barnums At the circus where they just fucking put electric stim on the elephant's leg and you watch it kind of like pulse like it's muscles pulse It's pretty fucking wild. It's fucked up. I'm glad they finally stopped doing that to those elephants I like when the tiger does water aerobics That's a good one they made a documentary about that called life of pie So what do you what do you have to do with the Rosalind High School? Did you go there or I did not go there?

I'm a graduate of Mepam High School, but my main concern is I should be in that documentary or that biopic Whatever you want to call it. So you're upset. You're not in it Yeah, because at the time I was fucking I was being handed around the superintendent's office like a fucking Like a permission slip. Yeah, like a permission step I was gonna say like a like a DVD of season four lost wait It was this during the same time you were a bait boy for the Catholic Church I fucking wish because then I would at least had the full weight of the FBI behind me But in this case I was just a just a kid in love with a 55 year old vain Plastic surgery adult superintendent who pretended to have a widowed wife while he had young gay lovers in addition to a gay husband in Manhattan That's all I just want to I fucking was passed He I used to go to poker night and dress up as a chip and let these guys fucking shuffle me in decks Now I used to let them toss me around roll me between their knuckles Kind of bang me on the fucking table to get the attention of the waitress I used to do the crap this shit for these people and I'm not in the movie for one fucking second Is that the lady that the Aaron Sorkin movie was based on who had all those high-end pose like was Toby McGuire in on any of this?

No, see I know what you're talking you're thinking a Molly's game which is based on the west coast poker where Michael Sarah plays the Toby McGuire proxy as an absolute scup. No, this is all East Coast It's all long island celebrities. It was Eddie money RIP Joe Billy Joel Anthony Kumiya the Baldwin's All the Baldwin's Billy Steven Alec and this one called Ronnie who's just ahead in the jar Guy fucking took me for like fucking 10 G's one night Ronnie Baldwin guys got a hell of a voice and that's about it. I heard he was gonna go into politics. Is that true?

He was thinking about it, but he said his brother annoyed him out of it Eddie money. He's a guy who like you you would think when he goes to the poker table He's like got a lot of money that you want to win off of him Well, that's what the fucking irony is all this guy's got is two tickets, right?

And that's what he's putting in the pot every time Yeah, he's got he's like I got these two tickets. They're down by the dashboard and if you win him I'll pay Vovar them and put up a parking lot and the pair of dice when I think about He's got two guys. I'm sorry. What was that Brock Lesnar?

When I think about any money songs now, it seems like he wanted to die Why two tickets to paradise and take me home tonight might have been talking to God But you just like a shot on our situation He really is because he's not saying to I've got two tickets till like the the Caribbean He's saying to paradise like the great beyond he's just he had a death wish this mortal coil by Eddie money I haven't been no that was that was Eddie money by this mortal coil. Oh, I forgot they did a tribute They did a whole album of Eddie money covers So Gino you By the way Scott you're gonna see a post mates charge to your credit card for about $410 I sent a bottle of Poland spring Because I my jobs usually to get the waters, but this remote recording has fucked me So I I got a guy from Postmates in farming Dale to get on a drive out to JFK Well, he took the train to JFK and reverse from he went he got there Well, he started in Babylon. So we had to go backwards. He went to Lindenhurst co-pag Amineeville Oh shit massive people park massive people Want a seafood want to a Bellmore Merrick free-port Baldwin Rockville Center Cue Gardens forest hills Jamaica JFK. Oh, well Penn station jump on the air train get over to JFK get on a Delta flight 2140 he landed at LAX and he should be arriving at your Well, it says here castle, but I said place where you live and He should be arriving at your castle in the next five six minutes 40% a quick question. I know those are the stops If he'd taken the train, but you said he drove Yeah, he drove so technically he had to get from sunrise highway He got on the wantor Parkway exit off sunrise highway took that all the way up to the southern state You know, it's 25 s jumped on the southern state west took that out till that turns into the fucking Jackie Robinson Sure, and once it's the Jackie Robinson you get on the 678.

Yeah, which is the BQE that shoots you down over to the JFK area You can right now. It's got to be wide open. Oh, it's fucking wide open And you know, there's no fucking Indian guys playing cricket. It's the city feels dead Well, that's one of the big sites. Was that causing a lot of bad traffic backups Is that why New York is so congested? I will say grown up as a long Islander one of the most Exotic things you could see every once in a while was on the drive to the sit to JFK There was this field where a lot of Indian dudes played cricket and it was fucking awesome to watch as a kid You know, what was one of the most exotic things you could see from the point of view of a long Islander. Yeah, well Yeah, obviously yes, you know in the first hour you may have missed that that Brock has currently been exploring an island Full of all the same size animals and one man dressed looking for treasure So, you know, he's seen some pretty exotic things in terms of like Exoticism thing, you know, like and also Joe exotic who we've all just seen in Tiger guy first gay presidential candidate. Yeah, take that Buddha judge Bring that back to the McKinsey Institute and research it pal Well, you know, it's great to have you ever find out Gino what he's a judge of oh Yes, oh this is fucked up. You didn't see this I there was a fucking expose on Joe Rogan's podcast They did this thing where they pulled apart footage of Buddha judge Here's the thing those three seasons that CeeLo was a judge on the voice sure that was Buddha judge They made him CeeLo in post Buddha judge was already bald so they tinted his skin change his voice did some light Work and stuff and so that that's Buddha. That's where he got the name Pete has been judging the three seasons of the voice He actually almost fucking got with Gwen Stefani first. It's I don't even I don't want to get into all this I just read it all your saying his original name his original name was Pete Buddha His name was Pete Buddha. Well, it's original name was Pete, but since he was born as Shortly after the Buddha had died. They believed he was the reincarnation of the Buddha I don't know the religion stuff. I wasn't paying attention to it. So if I Minimize it in any way or am reductive about a religion. I apologize So are you saying Gwen Stefani was gonna be any of the judges for the taking? It's just what's his name stepped up first Yeah, she was as Gwen said herself She had been exhausted from walking out in the spider webs and she was fucking down to clown Wow, that is yeah, she said I'm Climbossy wasn't available Yeah, because they were there they just got dual masters in magnetism and physics So those guys are coming back hard shaggy to dope and Lenny from of my son man or whatever the other guy's name is yeah, his name is Lenny of my son man It's it's it's Valent J That is ICP Well, well Gino I forgot your name for Approximately five seconds Gino. It's great to have you on the show. I'll be at an hour later So but I apologize. I don't have the first hour recorded. I have starting now. I'm gonna start well I'm gonna start rolling now. So actually hopefully yeah, hopefully we have a backup But I'm glad you're out of the basement. I was very worried about you and that's well I'm in a different basement, but at least it's in a high school with a leaky roof. Okay great Well, we have to get to our next guest if that's okay And this is exciting she's never been on the show before and this is the 11th anniversary Episode and why not have a new guest on the show?

She is a social media expert. That's very exciting a lot of social media happening right now a lot of somber videos happening on Instagram with people singing shakily Perhaps she can talk to us about that Please welcome to the show Francesca Bolignese Hi Scott, thank you so much for giving me here. It's our pleasure. It's great to meet you Francesca Yeah, I'll be it not in person. Yeah, I'm so yeah, my name is Francesca Bolignese Oh, yeah, I covered that. Yeah, so I'm not a I'm not a social media expert But I comment I get hired by big companies to respond to comments on social media Okay, so you're you're not an expert in social media. I Mean I guess I am but I'm not gonna talk about that. I don't wait you are an expert in social media. I am Yes, why not give us tip. Okay, before we get to the other thing. I don't know what you think I want to hear tips about social media. How do I Well, I don't care for it Francesca I don't I'm sorry to interrupt only because this is the first time we're meeting and I am I'm not on any Social media. I don't have Facebook or Instagram or so I'm wondering for me someone who's not on social media Do you have any tips?

About social media great question. Thank you Jason. Okay.

No, because that's not why I'm here I know look I know you're not here for it But we want to hear just give us and we'll get to your thing. Don't you worry about that. Well, I want to talk I Don't know I've never any big talk any tick-tock tips Tips my dipper for tick-tock is a don't go on tick-tock Now are you saying dick-dock because that is something very different that I do know about yeah I like you put up your dick and then you take a doc Wait, okay, I think you're talking about two different things either you think tunnels and stuff You're like are you taking the video game dig-dug? Yeah, it's not what we're talking about guys Brock you are you are a gamer No, I'm not Okay, but this is not why I'm here. Well Francesca. It's great. It's great great to talk to you great to talk to you Francesca Thanks so much for coming up Cuz I want I want to join social media now that I'm quarantined and I have nothing to do part of me It's like oh, maybe I'll join Instagram and Twitter maybe now is my time. I just don't know any tips for how to do it What about passwords? What are your tips on passwords? Oh?

Okay, no Profile pics It's not what my tip for password you take one X boyfriend's name you cut in half then you put another ex boyfriend's name You've got in head and then you put your favorite number exclamation point 69 This is great because then you can think about all your exes 69 each other something tells me that is very truthful in terms of There's and I would be very interested to try to crack into your Using what I know about you, which is nothing Just met She got me Francesca my password is literally Barak Hussein 9 11 My favorite number Half of Saddam Hussein my ex boyfriend and half of Barack Obama my other ex boyfriend But you forget the exclamation mark at the end. Oh Jesus.

That's why I was whispering it the whole time I should have been shouting Francesca do you call it an exclamation mark and not an exclamation point is that due to you?

being from Italy or what No, I mean I put I exclamation mark explanation point. I don't either is incorrect. I just I'm wondering if it's a region you call it a machine or cash machine. What do you call it?

I I never asked a mouth in that regard. Oh, come on. Okay.

So for a machine mouth You take it your a so you do have tips for this We're getting another visual Yes, we I'm surprised. I'm not saying this to Gino. It's not that kind of a show Okay, so What I do is some company like Bed Bath and Beyond sure triple B They hire me if somebody comments on a bed bath and beyond the Facebook do you think the beyond in Bed Bath and Beyond is the great beyond I Mean if Eddie money ever shop there, that's what I'm asking like it made me think of it in what happened is You know what I've been there. Yeah, I Somebody said let's say a Diane Like Princess Diana she come no She said Princess Diana. I believe what's on I think I think she never had the opportunity to have a Facebook page Okay, so Dana she was a fucking smoke show though, right?

Smoke bars bar stool would have went abeshit for Princess DI I responded let's say Diane comment something like that But I got my comforter at Bed Bath and Beyond I find a bunch of hair in the comforter. I Want to send it back Then I go on there I comment Okay Diane you want to return the comforter because of the hair because of you a piece of shit You need to go take it your Prius and go drive off a bridge, okay? Wow, okay That is what my job is you Pain you bed bath and beyond or die over here you to troll People who are commenting negatively about them online exactly, but I respond under bed bath and beyond the count So I just had a quick specific specific question about that is Is bed bath and beyond selling comforters that are full of hair?

I'm just saying that as an example, okay, it sounds like a very specific example that you may have a Because I'm just doing a quick search right now And I am seeing that bed bath and beyond was found to have quite a lot of just animal hair Inside of their comforters. Okay. Well, I give you another example Let's say some company like I don't know that Beth and beyond hire me And somebody comment on the account You know on the Twitter and they say I just got the new Bunch of pillows from it that and beyond I open up the pillow in a bunch of hairs I comment okay Brad So sorry about the hair Okay, so you apologize so you do apologize maybe you should take your skateboard and go drive into traffic And this makes you a social media expert No, that's just something that she is on the side another social media expert. That's not why I'm here you claim to be one I am I know that's the issue with you and your team because I Yes, I yes, I introduce you as such, but after I introduce you you claim to be one as well No, I said I said I guess I am one But well, it sounds like it sounds well I think I think I see the problem here. It sounds like you're a social media expert But you don't want to seem as though you're bragging you're trying to be humble about it And you are but you don't want to be out here just shouting it I mean what I do is so much more important than just being an expert at social media. I go in there I say let's say it's a bed bath and beyond okay Only because we're talking about bed bath and beyond again how many how many of these products that you're referring to Have hair as the complaint Oh percent oh, okay. Yeah, I say oh Scott you thought you might have it 95 out of 100 right So like if David Geffen buys one of everything sure a bed bath and beyond 95 is a small minuscule amount Well, we're on LinkedIn Okay Ain't somebody comment on the bed bath and beyond page Is there a okay on link because is LinkedIn trying to is LinkedIn I don't know how LinkedIn works is LinkedIn tr isn't that like a job posting wait?

I gotta see where she's going with this. Okay, go ahead.

Let's say that this is the bed bath and beyond page only thing and You go on the page and you you somebody comment on the page Oh, I was a said that and beyond my name is Jessica and I but I bought the blender And I opened up the blender inside a bunch of And so what do you say in a situation like that if someone says that?

How do you even react to that? I'm like, okay, Jessica I'm so sorry, but you go to blindered and find all the hair I'm so sorry for you. What what heart day you must have find all the hairs Why do you Thank you And go drive it The ocean Where you go get killed by a shark. Oh, wow. Wow. So it's not just the driving into the ocean and drowning There are sharks Francesca do you have to research what vehicle all of these people own before the specific message that you leave to them?

It's not very hardest in their profile picture. Oh, it's always in a profile picture time Wow a lot of people that go to bed bath and beyond let's say for example They always have them driving in their car or I would imagine yeah, I mean Brock your profile picture has a big boat on it Of course it does And but I'm in the water in front of the boat you are oh, I couldn't tell I'm holding up some doubloons and giving a thumbs up Now Francesca you saying that you know this about profile pictures demonstrates a decent amount of social media knowledge And not the why I'm here today. That's not what this is is not some kind I'll send me now for you guys to take all this information.

Okay, that's not why I'm here Right, I am here because why are you here? Yeah? It doesn't seem like you have a purpose yet You're just telling us what you do. Okay, why I'm here is that if you want to go to some place that like let's say for example They buy something out sure let's say that if you want to go to there, okay fine go I'm not stopping you But why why do you go to go online afterward and say oh?

I opened up my box of frames and inside the frames in between the glass was all these pairs up oh All I'm saying is don't why why don't do it why are you gonna be so angry?

Megan what I mean if if angry Todd if Megan and Todd didn't do this you would be out of a job though I mean you could look at it that way you know No, I'll never be done Okay, all right All right. Well look we need to take a break uh Francesca.

It's great to have you on or you Is everyone sticking around uh We'll show you on the other okay great. Uh, we will Don't you yet we'll be right back with more comedy bang bang after this Comedy bang bang we are back 11th anniversary show. Thank you so much to everyone for listening all 11 years or as many years as you've been listening We're here with Jason man zucus Co-hosts to the stars we have a genome intergino is here.

Thanks doctors is more brock love it is here M-I guess uh in between treasure sightings. When was the last treasure that you actually found brock?

um just friendship count Yo, I'll allow it but watch yourself counselor Couple weeks go right who who did you become friends with a couple of weeks ago? This guy named tom Did you just join a mice a mites face profile? Yeah, he's a cool guy. Where's a white shirt?

Always look at you from over something nothing wrong with that. Yeah, the wrong way somewhere and then uh, it's not the picture Uh, we also have francesca bolognese is here. Oh, and yes, bolognese Sorry, and I have to ask about that huge stack of books behind you This is uh my book shelf It's like it looked like they stack up, but they not Why would you why would you have a bookshelf that makes it look like you just have a huge stack of books lying on your floor?

Because it looks cool and it looks nicer and it's a cool But it's not the precarious or dangerous. Are they all the same subject like a recipe for lentils or They're all books about um different companies like a bed bed and beyond for example So that I can do my research and stay up to date with companies like bed bed and beyond francesca What's the what's the probability that if you were to go back and pick up one of the books off of that stack bring it to us and Open the book that the book would be full of hair Okay 600,000 percent Person can I ask what's like the definitive book about bed bath and beyond Because there are so many competing ones if I was gonna buy just one which one should I get?

And probably um bed bed and beyond it's not only hairs I've just read bed bath and bersharaan. So that's I read bed bath and beyond an oral history Oh really that one's really good. I heard it's real dishy Yeah, they've got all the the original s&l cast talking about it So the original s&l cast does oral histories about any subject that you can get you can get larryn numin to talk about Anything in an oral history. So it was just by chance that they actually talked about the show that they work on in that one book Yeah, yeah Jaymore accidentally got caught copying the design for a swiffer from bed bath and beyond Wow Okay, well, we do need to get to our next guests This is exciting because they've never been on the show as well much like francesca Um one of them is a singer and one of them is royalty. This is exciting So I I know what you're thinking is uh, Megan markel on the show and uh, no, I don't Princess yes, of course. We do not have her on the show, but we do have uh, uh, Someone who is royalty. Please welcome to the show singer rollin to gift And uh, darry queen is here welcome to the show Scott, thank you for having me Scott, oh, it is a pleasure to be here Now are you darry queen the royalty because you sound slightly like the queen of england No, that's royal that's royal gift rowing gift royal gift From uh As well rolling are you royal as well? I have not been knighted yet, but the day I get knighted I am going to go crazy Okay now rollin gift you are you're of course and I know this being a fishy and auto of music You are the lead singer of a group called fine young cannibals.

Yes. Scott. I am I am that exactly I just am so Happy to be here. I love your show. I love you Everybody I listen every time you upload it to stitch a premium Yeah, so wait you only you wait premium six months until it goes on premium. Yes, exactly And it drives me crazy the waiting. Yeah Um and darry queen you are you are royalty. We're over.

What do you rule? It's in the name scott don't seem so confused. It is in the name You see okay. Well, you know queen queen is in the name of queen latifa and I believe she is just an academy award Nominated queen. Well, I mean she's a queen in the sense of like she's okay You know careful scott careful scott careful scott easy does it does it scott So Easy does it scott so darry queen where where is your kingdom or queen? My kingdom My well, I can say it is like it was originally kingdom my husband passed so um Sorry for your last so sorry with that recently or I'm actually fine with it. He passed but probably 35 years ago today Wait 35 years ago today Today is the anniversary of his death the anniversary of comedy bang bang Um coincides with my husband's death. Oh wow. That's a beautiful Sorry, I'm so sorry Because then and I got to take over the family business if you will I I didn't never work too much before so I'm actually quite pleased with his death He died in 1985. Did he ever get a chance to see back to the future?

You know, I I don't I'm not sure you were big fan of that film scott. Well, it's fly It came out in the summer of 1985 and I was wondering oh no, he died. He died in may How unfortunate did you know my husband scott? Well, no, you said that this is the anniversary of his death Okay, okay. You're highness if I may May I ask a question your highness? Absolutely Did your royal husband happen to die in a body of water by any chance?

You know, he did not he actually died. Um, he this is embarrassing. No further questions. He died of a stomach ache He died of a belly ache Oh no, did you ever find out what the cause of the belly ache was or did you just you know put him down his dying of a belly ache Went bad something. I think something he ate went bad and and I didn't want to ask too many questions because they say if you If you ask a lot of questions, do you go knocking you go fine?

What you're looking for mean and death you understood you follow are you the person who mostly prepared his food Yes, I am What are you trying to get at?

I'm just I'm just wondering you said this is my first time me you said earlier and I don't mind saying you said earlier you were pleased that he died because it meant you could take over The business and I wonder if you were a judge. I'm so sorry.

Is this he's not peep. He's not peep buddha judge. No He did not peep buddha judge I would love to meet peep buddha judge Okay, I hate me I hate having food poisoning in my belly. Oh, how does it make you feel?

It drives me I am genuinely curious how many other songs have lyrics that we would recognize And so many I know so many songs ask me to sing any song Sitting on the dock of the bag. Oh, I met fine young cannibal songs It didn't on the dock of the bag Oh, oh How does sitting on the dock of the bag make you feel it drives me Of course your majesty dairy queen. Yes, please what what primarily are your royal duties?

I oversee all the dairy queen facilities in the united states of america Really? I thought that was a given it is in the name. I just wanted to make sure But but out but just the business You're gonna tickle in your throat, sir No, unfortunately, it's just the way that I sound No, I think it's lovely you sound okay. Well, yeah, I won't comment on how you sound sound sustainable Yeah, you said actually, you know what it's pretty sustainable Sometimes people have voices that are not sustainable and they regret their choice Talking for an hour. I remember talking to this guy named Richard Harrow once live on stage Up in seattle, baby and dairy. Yeah, it was terrifying, but uh You you oversee all of the dairy queens in the united states All the dairy queens in the united states of america. Yes.

I do. Um, have you ever been to a dairy queen scott?

I have I bought a blizzard there once. Oh, somebody's rich.

Okay. All right, then David Geffen has one so I thought why should not get one?

Somebody's rolling in it. Okay. I had a blizzard. That's where a guy comes in your mouth is the same time he dumps a bunch of peanut M&M's Oh, you know, that's a handle and oh Francesca. Yes, you're right. That's an avalanche. I forgot.

I dare you queen. Can I ask a question actually in these times?

Yes in these times that we find ourselves in Okay, um is dairy queen providing Out here trying to sound like jz and that's a deep cut Jason I can continue in these times that we're in art is dairy queen providing contact list delivery or Are people still able to during the quarantine get their blizzards get their Their their their cones their soft serve their all of it are people still able to you're not going to go through the entire menu Are you I'm going to go through the yeah, I'm going to do the foods as well the hot dog. I like this Jason I like this Jason character I can are you guys able to continue to provide the service that you like, you know curling out that soft serve for people I'm going to be honest with you Jason. We're doing Contact full service if you understand what I'm saying. We are doing more contact than we were doing before the quarantine Okay, so we're actually touching even more Um, well this this works for me in a cool way because what my problem with dairy queen was always I wanted to order I did love it, but what I I want to get my order and I want it to be fed to me I don't want to have to do all the work myself. Can you guys come somebody comes into my home and just cramps The stuff in my stupid face. I could come into your home. I am a widow Okay I think we're making a love connection here. This is amazing. If you want to go on a second date We'll pay for it your majesty. Are you this is not a date Are there rules about whom you can consort with or marry?

Can you marry a commoner or do you have to marry another dairy royal?

Could it could be any royalty? Could it be like tiger king?

Could you marry him?

No, no, it's got to be dairy related Okay, you should marry the smoothie king smoothie king Like a cheese uh, uh cheese prince or something like that Cheese will see the thing is we're kind of a dying breed the dairies Because everyone's kind of going for the oats and the almonds if you catch my flow Nobody wants anything to do with dairy. They say it creates a lot of mucus and stomach issues rollin any opinions on this It drives me Of course Roland Roland Roland Roland Roland. I was hoping you say what? What?

Roland Roland Roland Roland Roland?

What?

I just wanted to see if I could get you to say that Certainly Well, um, you know, I yeah, listen I am looking for somebody if anybody here wants to maybe be with a widower because I but I know we are tough to be around Um, I mean, why do you think widowers are tough to be around?

You've never heard this scott. Yeah, I didn't know this is a cliche Never was this How they say widowers are so tough to be around. I'm in a perpetual state of mourning for the loss of my husband granted It has been many years, but um, I did but you saw you saw the movie back to the future Mirror Months after he died and presumably enjoyed it because you know the character marty big fly So were you in mourning?

Were you in mourning then or so people in mourning can't go to the movies. That's a new one scott. Wow scott Yeah, wow scott really really That's really tough. Were were you hard to be around then?

Yeah, rolling. What was that? I just said wow scott You remind me of a different singer that I've had on the show He was uh the singer of a uh, I believe his name was uh, uh, uh, uh, something something blackman Larry black man. That's right. Yeah from cameo. You know him? Yes, I do Okay, okay roll in and see I'll tell you one of the thing about him scott what's that drives me? Oh, yeah, I'm sure But i'm looking for somebody to move in with me to move it.

Oh, so they would have to move in with you How is your how is your place? I have a beautiful home. I have a beautiful home one bedroom 10 bathrooms Because of all the dairy Oh Absolutely Gorgeous home so much dairy. Are you lactose intolerant?

I you know, I know my body doesn't take well to it but Um, that's not something I want to say in a public forum.

So if we could edit this out, definitely I'll definitely edit this out. Would you straight from your 10 bathrooms to whatever we talk about next?

Sorry to be so personal. Yes. Hey rollin. How do you how do you do with lactose?

Rollin Hey Badd press for dairy queen rollin rollin. Do we actually are talking to you rollin rollin?

Take a guess in what the setup was and what is required from you You Watch what does it fucking matter?

Just just just answer just answer and I bet you'll be right.

Yeah any question. Well, I'll answer a question I was just thinking about one I guess I you know, uh, sometimes it gives me the rumblies in my table Okay A bad case of the rumblies, huh? Yes, it gives me the rom pom in my bum bum So you're not you're not necessarily you're not necessarily a creamsman is what you're saying I am no, I'm not a creamsman. Oh, you're not a creamsman.

You're not a queensman I'll say that You are out of the running for becoming the next dairy king.

Is this like a bachelor scenario?

Is dairy quick is this whole episode dairy queen gets to choose a new husband?

Yes, I'm giving everybody all the men. I'm still interested in get an ice cream cone. Who are you still interested in?

I'm interested in can we go get a roll call?

You don't know any of our names. Okay. I'm scott ockerman.

I'm the host of the show Jason man zukas the co-host of the show ron America's the scott's nephew Treasure's rock love it Character who's dead and rolin okay in francesca. I'm actually interested because I go both ways Everyone do you like um hairs Like pubic hairs do I like pubic hairs? I mean they're just hair. I love a hair a lot of hairs I full full 70s gino gino. You'll get it nasty. Okay. I love Kate bush Straight to weathering heights Straight to weathering hights It's me a castline I know a lot of people who talk about their bush if you go on the comment page So let's say Did I send beyond?

You sure let's just say that Yes, and the comment page does this mean we're on the website up go to bedbathinbeyond.com And is a comment page. She's the social media expert. So ask her It could be like let's see um uh Instagram In the comment section there might be something that someone says like a I have a big bush But nothing was as big and there was a hair I found In a jar from bedbathinbeyond In a jar in a just in a like what was meant to be an empty jar Yes Arrived full of hair I could kind of hate full comments as well on dairy queen I was going to say if you need my help, I go on there. I say, okay Susan You find hair in your ice cream. No problem Why don't you don't have a lot of hair and it's not a matter of hair A lot of people reach back out and they say their stomachs are turning after having that ice cream Actually, dairy. I think if you hire francesca, there's gonna be a lot of hair in the ice cream I think she brings the hair everywhere she goes Francesca, do you have alopecia?

I don't know what I have If you want to I have a guy You have a guy He'll he'll make sure you have alopecia, but you have to fake your own death What do you think all of this?

Rowan, is there any truth to the rumor that you and larry blackmore are starting a supergroup together?

I I guess I will announce it here on the show Yes, yes, it is true Larry blackwend and I are starting five young cameos Fine young cameos amazing. How would that sound? I wonder I mean, maybe you could do an impression of him doing the other part I'm terrible at impression Oh bear with me scott Oh She drives me crazy And I like it Wonderful This is going to be a hot summer tour whenever people can actually go out and see concerts again I had a quick question for Rowan. Yeah, jeanos How did you enjoy appearing on the show highlander as Xavier st. Cloud? You did five you did five episodes finally someone Finally someone asks me how I felt about my appearance on highland Oh, I tell you the craft services on that show Was never good All of the food was cold. They did not have any beans to put on my toast They did not have any blood pudding and I tell you one thing jeanos It drove me christian Would you know not all bad not all cold food is bad. Okay, all right Not all cold food is bad. I mean desserts Deserts primarily are cold. Are they not? I mean, I guess there are some hazards That's like category Whoa, we piping hot pie cake is not piping hot First of all you got you got your red hot cake Is positively lava like Don't even get me stuck on my pie Lava cake that shit is Boilin Exactly. That's the one exception to the rule in my boiling hot like a hot soup is now. I like my cake I'm in the molten inside of a molten cake is usually like a hot soup I love a just a bowl of hot ooh wet cake ingredients I love I love an after dinner like hot bowl of cake soup You know thick viscous sweet hot cake I'm putting this on the menu. Would you guys be willing to be test test taste test test?

Yeah, these testers. Yeah, sure. I mean, yeah, we I mean we would even we would be uh, you have a song for it I have a song for it. Can I make a theme song for the case?

You do need a song for the cake. So please Have you have you do you have any ideas that you're willing to share with us right now? Here. Here's one Hot bowl of cake Do don't do do I'm gonna do the beat as well. And you'll be doing the beat as well for your own Tell me baby What does that mean?

Do do do do it drives me cake Like no one It drives me cake slower Ah This is the chopped and screwed version of this of this theme song Your highness, how does succession work in the Dairy Queen hierarchy like who's next in line?

Is there a a prince or a princess?

I didn't bear children for the king Um, so so sorry So where is the Dairy Queen fortune going to go to?

I mean have you filled out a living will on legal zoom where life meets legal?

I'm donating my um, have I what a legal will on zoom? Sure Fill out fill out your legal will on zoom I have to fill out legal will on zoom, yes?

Just get on zoom and fill out a legal will Hi, I'm legal will on zoom I did you know my my One three four Going to the one percent. Oh, you're you're leaving your entire fortune to the one percent Yes, I am why because they Move in this day. They know how to do it right. I have an idea I have an idea to be with people who know how to do it right do my I have an idea I have an idea Dairy Queen Um before you die fill out a legal will on zoom that says your Treasure is going to be buried in the ocean For anyone to find what about that instead of giving you to the one percent which is a way sound of this Why don't you why don't you have it deep in the ocean in some sort of a chest or something?

Yeah, that seems fair Then then you have a shot at it And then maybe you could take some old parchment and maybe you know draw a map as to where its location is Through would that be something you should be oddly invested in what happens with my money when I die scott Are you planning to yes, got weird, but good idea Why have a quick question for Roland?

How is your longtime girlfriend who's now your wife and mother of your three kids?

Alexandra Tinelli how does she feel about your love of martial arts and your appearance on?

On numerous mag martial arts magazines covers such as impact for three times inside kung fu karate international four times and martial arts insider Roland do you want to answer that question?

Yes He drives me christ now Now it's just not even really All right, look guys Well, yeah, but not how you feel about your wife All right, look we're running out of time guys. I'm so sorry It's the 11th anniversary episode, but we don't want this one to go 11 hours long like last years We're running out of time. There's just time for one final feature and that is a little something called plugs Is this the plugs?

Is this the plugs?

Is this the plug?

Is that the plugs?

Is this the plug?

Is that the plug?

Is this the plug?

Is that the plug?

Is this the plug?

Is that the plug?

Excuse me, it's the plug.

Is that it?

Okay, like was that haunted? I don't know what that is Yeah, I can music be haunted?

That was uh Is this the parentheses honk honk and parentheses by lord brian falconhoof Thank you. You know him, dary queen Dary queen it sounds like this is a guy who maybe is up your alley dary queen Smash Okay, all right guys. Well, what are we plugging Jason?

What do you have to plug here?

Um, I'll plug the how did this get made podcast?

Right here on the ear wolf network where you're still doing new episodes just uh, just like we are here Uh, they're still coming out every week. So if you want to get your fix on bad movies, uh come here I was talking about around how did this get made?

All right, very good. Uh, brock love it. Uh, what are you plugging here?

I guess I want to plug the podcast the neighborhood listen that's on stitcher premium That sounds cool. And uh, what's that what's that? What is that? I It sounds funny. It sounds funny. Yeah, but what's it about?

What sounds funny?

It's these two hilarious people and they improvise based using uh post from the next door app Wow, I think I had them on the show a few weeks back. Okay You seem so disinterested in what you brought up challenging me. I don't know you're coming to have a challenge You i'm i'm excited to talk about what you're talking about and I do my other plug now I guess if you want to okay, it's a podcast called stay f homekins It's a married couple who were quarantined that started a podcast during the quarantine I'm afraid to say I'm afraid to say anything about it. Well, okay But it sounds good it is Okay, why are we fighting? I don't know anymore Guys cooped up here guys. Let's all try and get along and I also wouldn't mind also plugging Of course, john wick chapter three parabell on parabell on the first. Yeah boy. I tell you when when oh, why are we also doing emeritus plugs Just this has been out for years. Yes. Uh, there's a show I like called mr. Show with bob and david I think it's probably streaming on hbo now Um, gino, what are you plugging here?

Um, i'm plugging if you can uh check out bad education on hbo and then help sign my petition to help me sue hbo I just want trime on blue ray. That's all i'm asking it as my settlement. Um, but also you can check out if you're like Into movie podcasts, but uh, you want them to be longer and with less funny people You could check out uh action boys, which is on patreon I will say it's a great podcast The episodes are if you are a fan of hearing funny people talk about movies but more of it is three hours of digressions Then this is the show for you Yeah, and it's it's great because it's three a show where people have to remind themselves to talk about the movie It's three 40-year-old white men. So they had no choice but to start a podcast. I highly recommend uh, everyone throw Yes, throw throw into traffic school. We got they got free episodes out there too. So you can listen to for fucking free Um francesca. What are you vlogging? Okay? Um, so I In the course of the show I set up for social media for Jason Oh Jason at the the handle is at the L-i-l-y Y-i-l-y That is how you follow like say that again because that's say it again because I I know it's not confusing and makes total sense for Jason What is it again? L. I saying yeah, I L-i-l-y I l y no no L-i-l-y Y-i-l-y That's your new twitter and instagram handle. Okay, great.

So if anybody And this is a huge mistake on your part who is a fan of mine wants to follow me and send me anything they should send it to that address Oh, okay Get ready Okay, but they they can just probably send you stuff. So I don't know That's not why you're here. That's not why you're here.

They just they follow you. That's it Okay, everybody can follow Jason at that account. Yep. If you've got if you've got messages to get to me That's the account. No All right, uh, dairie queen. What are you what are you plugging here?

Well, I guess um Since we're plugging shows, um, I would like to plug the wire big little lies And then I would also like to I guess this one's more of an unplug Um, my husband passed The on this one. Did you unplug him?

Well, he wasn't on he wasn't on life support anything he but he he died of a tummy ache. So um It's again. It just seems like you might have killed him like oh, that's right. That was that was a whole three That we were I feel like you poisoned him phantom thread style and maybe it just got out of control. Okay, you know what?

No Can we just pay tribute to my slain husband?

He was slain he was slain. All right, so you're admitting it. Wow. Okay, you see him a lot of hair slain by a tummy ache All right, uh, hi tummy ache roll it roll it like something else Oh, you okay. What do you what do you plus? Sorry? Sorry?

Well damn you plugged five things already Well, but this is your time. You never said there was a limit. That's true. You didn't say there was a Reclaim your time Okay Um, I reclaiming my time I also like to plug blue valentine. What a lovely film with Michelle Not of destiny's child fame the other Michelle Williams a widow of Heath ledger And I'll just vibe with her fellow widow and um ryan god, what did you think of the movie widows?

I you know, I was watching on a plane once. I never quite finished I was like what's with all the flashbacks?

Sounds like you should start a movie podcast by the way I wish this had been the comment this is I want to know I just wanted I just want dairy queens takes on movies That'll be your segment next time hope you should have me on how did this get made?

As dairy queen. Yes as dairy queen half of course Beyond Jason It's not like she's doing a character like you are jeff re-character weedies I never listen to this fucking show Reclaiming my time reclaiming my time. Wait, you're okay The book the life and adventures of Nicholas nickel B by Charles Dickens The book. Yeah, also what I also would like to plug a raisin in the sun by lorraine hansberry Fantastic, okay. Also good quick read. Are you trying to do you have someone to probably a quicker read than Hearing you list these things as slowly as I just read a great graphic novel called The cursed hermit if people are looking for a good read very good. We need to get here the word graphic novel I think I just read a great gatsby novel. It was all about this guy named gatsby I think that's that's the only one they put out right stuff.

It's Gerald if you can find it Sink it out. It's worth it. You can follow my my um my granddaughter I thought you didn't have any children Skip right over children and had grandchildren Who decided to share their screen what is happening Someone threw up on the screen steven segull eating a carrot What is this even regarding?

I don't want to see this in my ear please Is the carrot real or is that a photoshop and it said segull carrot jpeg Goodness gracious my grand niece. I misspoke you guys make me nervous my grand Sometimes I call my grand daughter. My brother has children and his children have children Anyway, follow her at e g g y b o o m on the gram All right, and now roll and gift you're lighting a candle What's uh Oh, this is for the husband. Okay. All right, very May he rest in piss in piss Wow Hold it Oh, no, the dairy cake a rock is also rock is lighting a candle as well Wait, wait a minute. Wait a minute in the show scott No, but do you have anything to plug?

In the show. It's all fun. Oh, you want to end the show you're plugging the end of the show. All right We do. Oh and uh, gino has a candle as well. Well, we need to uh wrap it up. So let's close up the old plug bag You're showing me I have to listen to another one right now You start with a she when you want to close it I almost successfully killed my child With an L and then you own Holy shit Oh god No, don't open it up Close it forever Don't What Why is this part of it This is awful shame on everyone involved Oh Make it stop. Can you make it stop?

Just push a button. I'm looking right at you push the button Brett Push the button. Let's not as battle push the button All right, that was the Michael Hardigan Jason man zukas remix and gino appears to have left our zoom call I think you really thought it was done All right guys. Well, I want to thank you so much You know, there's no better way to be locked in my house spending the 11th anniversary Then then with all of you. I really appreciate you guys being here Uh, Jason always great to see you great to see you Uh, brock happy anniversary. Congratulations. Thank you very much. Thank you brock You know an amazing A story that you told earlier on the show. So thank you so much for coming on to tell it. I love treasure Okay, good And francesca wonderful to meet you Actually wonderful to meet rolling dairy and francesca none of you Come on, please use that formal dairy queen dairy Yeah, and francesca. I'm sorry about all the the hair. I'm not sorry about the hair. You love it I love every day is a blessing with the hair. Yeah, and uh Okay, and I I also want to thank all the listeners who have stuck with us over these 11 years If you've been listening the entire time or even just recently Uh, it's wonderful to have you uh every week checking in with us And uh, I hope we can be there for you during these tough times and uh guys That's our show. Thank you so much and rolling. Do you have anything you want to take us out with?

Yes, I do What what might that be if I had to guess It would be a certain song Baby With suspicious He does know another song Incredible. All right. We'll see you next time. Thanks. Bye Bye You You You You Thank you.

.
