---
layout: page
title: 654. Rhys Darby, Paul F. Tompkins, Matt Apodaca [https：⧸⧸cloudfront.wolfpub.io⧸CBB-654-20200508-ACv02-PW.mp3].mp3.wav
category: cbb 
---

♪♪♪ If you have red hair, we're put up for adoption, and sing for no reason, you just might be an Annie.

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

Ah, yes. Thank you to Gino's Gooch.

Gino's Gooch for that wonderful catchphrase submission.

Thank you, Gino's Gooch.

And welcome to Comedy Bang Bang for another edition.

And this is a rare, rare Comedy Bang Bang after dark.

We so seldom record them at nighttime, but nighttime is the right time, of course.

And as our Cineo Hall once said, it's a night thing.

Mainly due to the fact that his show was on late at night.

Well, welcome to the show.

This is a night edition for us.

We are certainly mourning in America, but it is not mourning in America for us.

However, for one of our guests, it is the afternoon because we have such a drastic time difference.

And that'll be very exciting.

We'll go through exactly what the time difference is.

This is going to take up the majority of the interview I would imagine.

It's just figuring it out and laying down.

Well, if LA time is this, what is New Zealand time?

That'll take a good 20, 25 minutes, I would imagine.

My name is Scott Ockerman.

I'm the host of the show.

And we have a very exciting show.

Coming up a little later, we have a grocer, someone who owns a grocery store.

We also have, I think this guy is independently wealthy.

I can't remember if he has a job, but we'll be talking here.

And by the way, I'm not talking about Yuri, so although you may be independently wealthy, I have no idea.

I haven't looked up celebrity net worth at this point of exactly how much you have in the bank.

But if you wouldn't mind disclosing that information during the interview, we certainly can do that.

I mentioned his first name.

He is our first guest.

He is coming to us from New Zealand.

He is a wonderful comedian, a wonderful actor.

You know him from such shows as Flight of the Concordes, a great movie I just saw for the first time.

The other day, Hunt for the Wilder people.

You know him from so much stuff.

He has a new podcast, which maybe out already may be coming out soon.

We don't know.

That's going to take up another good 35 minute chunk of the interview.

It's called Aliens Like Us.

And maybe that means that aliens don't despise us.

Maybe they just like us.

I don't know.

Or maybe aliens are similar to us.

That'll take up another chunk.

Please welcome to the show, Reece Darby.

Welcome back to the show.

Hello, Reece.

Thank you.

Thank you for having me.

And yes, that title, it's the old Darby double meaning.

What?

The old DDF?

Yeah.

You're kidding me.

Oh yeah.

How did we get one of those so soon?

Well, I saved one for you guys.

What exactly is the double meaning?

It's described the two meanings because I'm not sure what the word double means.

Okay.

Well, for Americans.

Let me describe how this works.

Okay.

So there's one meaning that the phrase can mean.

I'm on board.

Okay.

So just that's pretty ordinary average.

Yep.

I'm saying something.

It has a meaning.

And when you double it.

Now this is a this is particularly in the in the Darby double.

You get more than one meaning out of the phrase.

Now this is so good for the economy as well as you can imagine.

So you're you're working smarter, not harder.

Absolutely.

So I try to put double meaning into a lot of things, giving the population, you know, more chance of understanding it, putting it in their own basket.

You can you can the it's the king and the yang of speech.

What are some of the other projects you've been involved with that have double meanings?

I'm really fascinated with this.

Well, one of the one of my early shows, Walken and Talking.

Ah.

Which it was a fairly obvious double meaning, you know, you're walking.

What was the double meaning?

You're definitely I can picture it right now.

People are walking.

Yep.

While you're actually talking.

Is that that's one of the meanings?

Okay.

That's right.

But the other meaning, which was it's quite complex, but I'm talking specifically about walking and talking.

Oh, you're talking about the show that you're doing?

Yes.

So, in the middle of episode three, they just canceled it.

I didn't know if podcasts could get canceled like that.

It was one of the only mid episode councils that New Zealand's been doing.

Yeah.

I think so.

I mean, I well, at least I thought so, but the show got canned on episode three when I did just do the walk about the walk.

So in the middle of episode three, they just canceled it.

I didn't know if podcasts could get canceled like that.

It was one of the only mid episode councils that New Zealand's ever had.

Because I look, I've canceled my share of podcasts in my day as a podcast in Prasario, but you usually wait until the episode is aired.

You bring someone in, you lower the boom.

Actually, there's this guy in the office who usually I make do it.

This guy Matt.

And he's the guy.

He's kind of our, who is the guy in Moneyball who basically, oh yeah, my second favorite Mr. Bean movie, Billy Bean.

He would call people in and he would just say, you've been let go of the team.

He wouldn't give any sort of like, you know, preamble or anything like that.

He just got bad news out of the way.

A cold let go.

Which is different than a cold let go, which was John Lithgow in his early movies.

Wait, did he die?

Oh no, no.

Well, as a press time, you never know what's going on.

Look, we just heard about Roy from Siegfried and Roy.

I mean, this, it's a terrible time here in America.

It's a horrendous time.

So now what is the show about?

Are you an alien in it?

Are you the titular us?

Well, yeah.

I mean, here's your double meanings coming through and I'm thinking now it's possibly a triple meaning because I myself am an alien with regards to living in America and alien with exceptional abilities as per the visa requirements, which then gave me, you know, the green card.

And that is, by the way, something that you need to prove somehow that they don't just give green cards to anyone.

You have to have exceptional abilities.

You do.

Are you tested during that process?

Yeah.

Well, they, I think there's some really heavy googling that they do because I had to put a lot of fake stuff up online about, you know, projects I've done.

Obviously, I put out walking and talking with my other shows, which was cancelled as well, fishing for answers, which is another double meaning show, it was a fishing show.

And yeah, but I, but there's no, there's no devil went down to Georgia style like face to face comedy off that you have with another entertainer where you prove that you're more exceptional than they are.

Oh, no, you've got to do that.

Yeah.

I had to go to San Francisco and do a sound effects off against Michael Winslow, which of course was.

No.

Oh, yeah, that was tricky.

So what put you over the top and first of all, what did, when is it like a spelling bee where you get the same sound effect and then you say use it in a sentence?

I wish, I wish.

In fact, I would, I would pitch that for the next, for the next meeting.

But no, we, we just sort of jumped on stage together and we did sound effects.

He would do some great stuff with his, you know, the, the loud haler.

He would do a lot of good megaphone work.

I brought in my doors opening.

I'm famous for creaky door.

You know, that kind of thing.

That is, that is the longest creakiest door I think I've ever heard.

That is a masterclass in a creaky door.

Thank you.

The longest I've done is three minutes, 20.

And wow.

Unfortunately, yeah, that show was canceled to mid mid creak, which was disappointing.

Wasn't that show called Dawson's Creek as well?

That's another, that's another show.

No, this one was called.

Oh, that's different.

Yeah, that, I'm still working on that one.

That's actually the name of my creek here on the property.

The previous owner, John Dawson, sold me this land for, for very cheap.

And then unfortunately died in the creek.

So there's something we have, we see.

Oh, no, he sold it to you.

Yeah.

And then died before he could vacate the property.

Yeah, in the creek.

And he's still there now.

So it's.

So what sound effect was it that put you over the top with Winslow?

Because Winslow has the motorcycle.

He has, I'm trying to think of some other famous Winslow's from those police academy movies.

I, of course, I've, of course, the Doppler Effect Train, which I've done many times on the show that.

Oh, yeah.

Yeah.

Well, he did.

He did trains.

He also did.

And the various motor vehicles.

But I, I blew the audience away with my helicopter.

And I think that was the, that was the clincher.

Rick, could we hear a little bit of the helicopter right now?

Yep.

Here we go.

So this was the, the Hughes 300 coming in.

Okay.

Imagine it.

So, I'm amazed.

That was my, that was the green card there.

Right there.

That was, I remember the guy at the back standing up just applauding.

And he actually yelled out green card.

I couldn't believe it.

So that was the win.

Wow.

Well, that's amazing.

I mean, we're so glad that you are, of course, able to work as an entertainer here.

You've, you've been in so many great things over here.

And this podcast you, you're, so, so is it about, and I have no information on this podcast.

So I'm going to find, so I'm just going to ask you the dumbest, treat me like I'm the dumbest idiot you've ever met.

Okay.

And explain, explain this podcast to me and kind of try to sneer in your voice if you could like, like you're tired of dealing with this dumb idiot, you know, just treat me like that if you could.

Okay.

My best, you fool.

Look, it's basically about aliens.

Okay.

Aliens are like us because aliens are us.

We like aliens because they are us.

It is us we're liking.

Now going back in time, which by the way aliens can do specifically if they are us, one of the theories about UFO craft is that they are time traveling humans from the future.

And there was a lot of evidence to support that.

The other theory that we bring up ancient aliens, you would have seen that, or at least heard of that TV show, ancient astronaut theory, the idea that I'm sorry, treat me like the dumbest idiot in the world.

I've never heard of that TV show.

Okay.

Well, come, okay, sit down for a start.

Sit.

I'm sorry, sir.

I'm sorry.

I've been standing here.

Get down.

Okay.

Stop touching me.

Now just sit down, have a glass of water, and put your headphones on and turn your microphone around the right way.

Good.

That's it.

Put your shirt back on.

Good.

Good boy.

Okay.

Have you heard of aliens?

I don't know.

All right.

We're out of time.

Okay.

Bye.

If you could be a guy who's out there in the world hopping from dimension to dimension, would you?

Oh, yeah.

You kidding me?

That's my dream.

I was not kidding you, but now I feel insecure, like, like I should have been kidding you, like I should have been joking.

You've made me feel small, Rafe.

So this is a podcast that stars you.

Is it just you?

Is it just you talking the whole time, or do you talk to other people?

It is me and a series of mirrors and microphones and audio equipment.

Michael Winslow's there.

And of course, you know, the US government, a green card officer.

He's there in the back, really, the entire time checking up on you?

Well, he pops in from time to time and just checks on the level of my hilarity.

And if it slips, he sort of, he pats me on the shoulder and just whispers, remember that green card deal we had.

So currently, like what level of hilarity are you at?

Like what percentage are you at an age?

I try to keep it a solid 7.

7% really?

No, 7 out of 10.

Oh, oh, oh, it's got it.

So 70%.

I guess so if you put it into percentages.

But yeah, I have a couple of co-hosts, buttons, you would have heard of him, and Ethan, Edenberg.

So those, and I've got an American and buttons as an alien like me from New Zealand.

So that's us three, Ethan produces.

And then we have regular guests, some are irregular, but most are fully regular.

Well, I got to say I'm jealous of you because I've been doing the show for 11 years now.

It just seems like my guests, like they're every once in a rare while.

I get a great talent like you, Reese, who just delivers and is truly exceptional the way that it says on your green card.

But then I get these irregular guests, these, if I could be frank, just these weirdos coming in here all the time.

I don't know how to keep them out.

I mean, do you have some sort of vetting process or?

What is that?

That's my phone.

Oh, your phone's right?

Oh, do you want to take that or?

Hello.

Either just checking up on you with the green card situation.

You're dropping to a six.

Now I just want you to go through this podcast.

I know it's not easy.

It's not fun, but it's just part of the requirements.

If you could just push it up to a seven, possibly an eight and then we'll let you through to the next next round.

All right, screen card, John out.

Wow.

Sorry, guys.

Yeah, so that's okay.

Who was that?

We didn't hear any of that on my end.

Oh, green card, John.

It's my...

Green card, John, was checking up on you?

He is thorough.

He's great, but he never lets up.

Every day when I wake up, there's often a message on my phone.

I've got to stay at a solid seven, as he says, and it looks like we're slipping a bit here.

So if we can get a bit more hilarity out, Scott, that'd be much obliged.

I'll definitely try to...

I don't know that I can supply any on my end, but do you have to be funny while you're sleeping?

Does that tie into the average?

Do you have to be at a 10 when you're not sleeping because when you're sleeping, you're out of one?

He wants to be funny in the lucid dream part of my sleep.

So every few hours as I'm waking, I need to be funny in that sense.

So I try my hardest.

I have a notebook next to my bed with funny ideas and that I look at and try to make those ideas come true in my lucid dream.

That's when I hope to sort of actually enter other dimensions.

Oh, okay.

So most people when they're dreaming, they wake up, dream of something funny and write it down in the notebook.

You keep funny things in the notebook by your bed to look at when you wake up.

Interesting.

That's an interesting process.

Well, you know, we learn so much about the man behind the work that we've come to know and love here.

Aliens Like Us is a podcast.

It's out there.

Where can people get it?

Has anywhere podcasts are or is it a Patreon or how do people listen to this?

This is a Spotify exclusive podcast.

So yeah, it's mainly on Spotify.

It sounds like it's exclusive to it.

Just from context clues that I picked up on.

The yeah, there's some subtle clues coming through here and this is all this is all stuff I've been told to say.

But yeah, it's all out there now.

We've got 10 apps.

You can binge the whole thing and we have amazing guests.

We've got Jim Jeffries, who I know you guys know.

We've got Jack Osborne, who's a big believer in UFOs and stuff.

Really?

And also, yeah, absolutely for realsy.

And also, you know, we've got a plethora of actual legit UFO people that weigh in on the phenomenon.

But yeah, it's a lot of fun.

Did you get that Tom DeLange guy on there?

I bet he's someone you want on, right?

Yeah, I'd love to talk to that guy.

He's very much down the rabbit hole and was trying to dig as much as we can to find him.

He's in hot demand.

So I'm thinking if we go forward into the future, he'd be a hot guest for sure.

I think you could probably get the other guy from Blink 182.

Oh, yeah, we've had the rest of them.

Sure, yeah, of course.

But Tom, he's a slippery guy.

Now, what do you think about, we were talking about this the other day on the show.

But it's not NASA, who's in charge of Area 51, but they basically released all of these tapes saying like, oh, yeah, here's all of our archived UFO tapes.

Go crazy.

Yeah, we have no idea what they are and they might be aliens.

Who knows?

What's the chance to look at those?

It's subtle.

I've got a big laugher on the other end there.

I think that's a future guest.

It's one of the things while doing the show remotely.

I think our future guest sounds like he's a big fan of what's going on.

Oh, OK, well, that's good.

That gets us up into the eight zone.

I'd appreciate that.

In fact, that's what I used to do when I did my stand up.

It felt like it was slipping.

It's how it's kind of addictive.

Everyone would just start laughing eventually.

Sometimes I'd close on that.

Just a big laugh.

Maybe we could close on that for this episode.

I think that might be a good idea.

I think that would be perfect.

See, it's rough.

Honestly, it's working on me already.

Oh, yeah.

Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.

Well, aliens like us is out there much like the truth was out there on the X files, which was a show about aliens.

So the connections are there if you look for them.

And all 10 episodes are available to binge right now, which.

Best way to hear, best way to hear, Benji.

How long?

In that dog?

Benji, yes.

Do you remember the movie for the love of Benji?

No, didn't see that one.

That was one of the sequels to Benji.

I believe there was Benji, then maybe Benji returns and then the third one in the trilogy was for the love of Benji.

That's funny.

Which is sort of like an epithet almost like Benji's tantamount to Jesus Christ, you know, for the love of Christ.

Yeah, he's really been elevated there.

I wonder if anyone's actually binged the Benjis.

Oh, I would have done a full Benji Benji.

Benji might have been the Jesus of dogs when you think about it.

I mean, no other dog really has had so many movies done about it.

And just like, yeah.

If you just count Lassie for sure.

Lassie was a TV star though.

Did he have movies?

Yes, he did Scott.

Oh, he did.

He had movies.

Who can forget?

Benji.

That was a Benji movie.

No, I'm sorry.

So you're getting confused.

That was actually a Benji movie.

Unfortunately, that was a Lassie movie.

That was one of the Lassie movies.

Benji was.

That's where they went wrong with the guy.

His first movie was called Benji.

And say, yeah, I feel like Lassie was a TV star.

It's so hard to translate, you know, in like segue from TV into film.

Obviously, you don't have that problem.

You are the star of both the small screen and the, but with screens getting smaller these days, sometimes the screens in your house, you know, on TV are bigger than the screens in the movie theaters.

That's controversial.

I barely wanted to say it, but it's getting weird.

It's crazy.

Um, Reese, Aliens Like Us is the show.

It's out there.

Apparently, Spotify loves it so much.

They want to keep it to themselves.

So you must have an active Spotify account or at least be sharing a Spotify account.

Do you want to give out your Spotify account just so people can share it?

What is that?

I'm not, I'm not, not sure.

It's just your password.

Like probably your spot.

Your Spotify password is probably the same as like your email password.

So if you just tell us that.

Lassie is Benji.

Okay.

Lassie is Benji.

Anything capitalized there or?

The last is and Lassie.

Okay.

The very last is the last S of two.

Well, wonderful.

Aliens Like Us people can binge it right now.

And Reese, can you stick around?

We have another guest that we want to get to right now.

Absolutely.

Well, you know, I don't know whether this next guest has a double meaning to his name.

I'm excited to find out.

As far as I know, he has one single name and it has to do with one characteristic of his personality.

Now Reese, this is a guy who has been on the show a few times before and I can't remember exactly anything about him other than he has had a lot of ex-wives and he pays a lot of money to them.

Thanks.

Welcome back to the show.

Alimony Tony.

Hello, Tony.

Oh, Scott, what a pleasure to thank you for having me back on the program.

It's so good to see you.

Greece, great to meet you too.

Thank you very much for welcoming me onto the show as the second guest.

This is very exciting for me.

It is very exciting.

Now, Reese, have you heard of Alimony Tony before?

He's sort of well renowned in the state of Ring of Bell.

I'd be extremely excited.

Oh, come now.

You haven't heard of Alimony Tony.

Once you've heard of my alter ego, my musical alter ego, weird Amoni Alimony Tony, where I do song parodies under the nom de satire, weird Amoni Alimony Tony.

What were some of your famous song parodies, by the way?

Well, none of them were famous.

As you recall, all of my YouTube videos have one view and that's me checking to make sure that it's been uploaded properly.

And what I do is I take popular songs, much like weird Al Yegavik.

I take popular songs of the day and I rewrite the lyrics to make them amusing and not what the song was originally about.

Do your parodies, do your parodies actually, like weird Als, he usually rhymes his words, his new titles rhyme with the old titles.

So like another one bites the dust.

He does another one rides the bus.

Do you follow that logic with your parodies?

I often do, sometimes I do not.

Really?

So what in the?

Well, we're really getting the info here, aren't we?

Well, name a song.

Name a song and I'll tell you what the parody title may or may not be.

Okay, how about Lady Gaga's and Bradley Cooper's Shallow?

Shallow.

So you take the house, how'd that go?

Shallow.

Can I say it seems like you're stalling for time?

No, I'm thinking.

Is that the same thing as stalling for time?

I'm not quite sure.

Well, I guess what I feel like my process is very transparent.

I'm repeating the word shallow over and over again and saying, what does that rhyme with?

I don't think that is stalling for time.

I'm literally trying to think of a word that rhymes with shallow.

I know you like to accuse people of this.

This is not one of those instances.

Okay.

Well, maybe you could start at the beginning of the album.

But the transparency is important.

Yes.

Aloe.

Oh, there we go.

Right.

Right there.

Perfect.

So I've got, you know, this song is about, I've got a bird and I have to put aloe on it.

Okay.

That's a I'm not, I'm not close to it.

It's in the medicine cabinet.

So I say I'm far from the aloe.

Now.

Okay, but you're, you're trying to make the way where's the aloe?

Aloe.

Where's the aloe?

Aloe.

I'm far from the aloe.

Aloe.

Do you see?

I get the point.

So what are one of the ones that did not rhyme though?

Well, they have a song and I'll tell you.

I thought that's what we did before.

No, Aloe rhymed with shallow.

I know.

What you have to do is.

It's a fun process.

Reese, do you have a favorite song that maybe you could pick?

Thank you for something.

Well, I've always been a fan of return to sender, you know, the Elvis Presley wonderful song.

And the the the the one post office.

That's right.

It was one of the few songs.

Please, please, Mr. Postman.

You have one of the other post office songs.

Can you buy me a roll of one cent stamps?

That's right.

Forever and ever stamps.

Saluting aeronautics.

The song.

Elvis Presley tribute stamp.

That's Elvis Presley actually sang that song.

Elvis Presley tribute stamp.

Doo doo doo doo.

See, that's a song, Perry.

That's a bonus.

All right.

Let's see.

Well, return to sender.

Return to sender.

Okay.

So what would be a song parody title that would not rhyme, but would be a parody of.

Seems like there are way more words that you could use for this.

Exactly.

Well, that's the thing.

That's the thing.

I have to go through the alphabet for each individual word.

So return what rhymes with return?

Wait, so you're, I thought you were trying to think of things that did not rhyme with return.

So exactly.

So I start there and then I say, okay, use that one.

It seems to me like you could start at the, in the dictionary and just go word by word, like a and then Rdvar.

I use the, I use the Sherlock Holmes deductive reasoning method, which is I take the possible, eliminate that.

I'm left with the impossible.

Okay.

All right.

So, so what rhymes with what rhymes?

Okay, now you're going to hand yourself because center is at the end.

So we need to know where the sentence begins.

And so we saw it with, we're doing every word.

I thought, look, that's what I, this is what you asked me to do.

And this is what I'm doing.

This is my process.

Okay.

I thought you were interested in the creative process that actually coming up with a song.

I guess that I found in this interview, I'm more interested in the results.

Oh, I see.

Well, then I could come back later and give you the.

Can I tell you that long to think of a word that doesn't rhyme with sender or return?

Well, because first I have to come up with the words that do rhyme, eliminate them.

And then let's go through a fender fender out.

Jander out.

They rhyme out.

Lender, mender.

Can't use it.

Pender pretender is hender a word.

Probably not.

So you can see this is, this is the problem with the alphabet method.

Sometimes you stumble upon words that aren't real and then what do you do?

You get stuck on those for a while.

You say, well, hender, is that a word I don't know because it does rhyme, but it's not a real word.

Yeah.

It's a hender son is a name.

So if you're the son of hender was hender, one of those jobs like Smith, where there was, there was a town henders like, oh, you have to take that to the hender to have it handed.

And that that job favor speaking of John Lithgow, Harry and the hender sons.

Was he in that?

I was not speaking of John Lithgow.

Were you?

Oh, before you came on the show, we were speaking of John Lithgow.

Yeah.

I mean, I think I've spoken of them in my life.

If that counts, what were the things that you said about him?

Did you see that new John Lithgow show?

It's called Third Up From The Sub.

So this is going back quite a ways.

Some of the other words would be tender.

Can't use it.

Vendor.

Obviously.

Can't use it.

What?

Is that about?

Wender, someone who wins their way.

Wender can't use it.

Okay, Reese, do you have any on your mind?

We're still stuck on sender, are we?

Exactly.

We need to eliminate the words that rhyme with sender so I can come up with a word to put in this place that in no way rhymes with people.

We haven't even approached return at this point.

What about, all right, well, what about blender?

Can't use it.

All right, so that's gone.

That's gone.

As a shiner, that's a good one.

If only this was one of the songs.

You see, if this was one of the songs where the title rhymed, traditional...

We'd be halfway there.

Oh, I'll live it on a prayer.

But unfortunately...

That was not a parody, by the way.

What you just did, that was just a reference.

No, that was not a parody.

That was a classic word association, which I have to do in order to check my mental faculties.

I do a little home psychology and I look at old stains and see what pictures I see of them.

What else do I do?

I think about my mom.

A lot of classic psychology stuff.

Sometimes...

That's my process as well, by the way.

I think about your mom too.

Hell!

Right?

Oh, scott.

I think you're making a good joke.

You were making a good joke.

I could tell by this, the Heyo at the end.

A word association, very important.

I will think of a word that I'll try to immediately...

Come on.

Second word.

I wake up and I think, all right, here we're going to start the word association test.

I say, cack that I can be saying, cack, because I associate dogs with cats, because they're more like these.

Why?

Because they chase each other all the time?

They're constantly chasing each other.

Almost like aliens and predators.

Almost.

I was thinking more of the likens of the vampires from the underworld series of films directed by Len Weisman.

Another, by the way, previous guest on this show.

Hand Weisman.

Len Weisman.

Yeah, he's been a guest on this show.

Interesting guy.

He likes sex parties and stuff like that.

What was he like about sex?

You ever been to a sex party?

A Hollywood sex party?

Not one of his.

Have you been to a New Zealand sex party where everyone knows each other?

Yeah, it's a little harder to have a sex party here in New Zealand.

Because the sex is more difficult or?

Yeah, there's just fewer choices.

It's a smaller population and it's like, oh, you again.

Everybody knows each other.

And even if you wear the masks, there's only one mask shop.

And so you go in there and everyone knows which masks have been taken.

Who has which mask?

Oh, as John got that as he.

Oh, Mary's got that one.

All right.

You can tell in your head who's who even through the masks.

One of the things I tell people when they come to this country, if they come from another country, I say, welcome to America.

Please take full advantage of our many mass shops.

Don't let yourself, don't let yourself miss out on an opportunity to buy all sorts of masks and take them back home.

Even just browsing the find with that.

You can browse around and look at the masks.

Some places will let you try them on.

Some places won't let you do it because they're worried about germs.

And it turns out those people were right.

I think a lot of the current situation we're in is people trying on elaborate masks.

And now I now look, we all have to wear masks.

What an ironic tone of events where the Iran certainly is the Twilight Zone.

I think that it was once they put a Halloween superstore that was open year round.

Suddenly, like it just opened the floodgates to germ city.

I think the Halloween should have remained at the store level.

They should not have gone super because they couldn't control it.

It's like our friend Jeff Goldblum from the dinosaur movie saying, you want it from the fly.

No, this is a different Jeff Goldblum.

Well, look, am I being ushered off the stage?

Did the Sandman come in?

I heard your distinctive, well, look.

I thought, well, that's it for you.

He's done.

No, no, no, no.

You're not done.

What Scott gives the well look, that's it for you.

You've got to get out.

No, no, no, no.

I'm just saying we have to take a break.

So I wanted to give you some time to really perfect your return to center.

Oh, OK.

I do a lot.

I do a lot for to say about Jeff Goldblum of the dinosaur movie.

Hopefully, there's time for both of the next.

OK, well, you can certainly talk during the commercial about it if that gets it out of your system.

No, I need people to hear it.

We also, we never even got into my latest marriage and divorce.

Well, that's the thing.

Your whole deal barely has anything to do with song verities.

No, it doesn't.

But that's the thing you're most interested in.

We have to take a break.

When we come back, we'll talk about alimony, Tony's most recent wife.

And we'll hopefully get an answer as to what words do not rhyme with return and center.

And we'll have more restarby here with us and come up a little later, a grocer.

So this is a star packed show.

So you do not want to miss a thing from this.

We'll be right back to more comedy bang bang after this.

Comedy bang bang, we are back here.

We have, of course, the great legendary all the way from New Zealand itself.

Restarby is here with us, his recent podcast, most recent podcast that has not been canceled mid-second or mid-third episode.

Excuse me.

He got all the way to 10 episodes of this is called Aliens Like Us.

It's out there.

It's a Spotify exclusive.

Welcome back to the show, Reese.

Great to see you.

Thank you.

We also have, and I've given him a lot of time.

Apparently he has more to say about Jeff Goldblum in Jurassic Park, which we want to get to as well.

Oh, Jurassic Park, that's the name.

That's the name of the dinosaur movie.

Thank you.

But Alimony Tony is here, aka Weird Ammonie, Alimony Tony.

Have you been thinking up various possibilities for what this song parody could be during the break?

I'll be quite honest.

I haven't been.

Why?

We're wasting time.

This is the whole purpose of taking the break.

I know.

I got so I got so I got about trying to remember the day of the dinosaur film.

And I wish I'd just asked someone.

I wish I'd just asked you, what was the name of the dinosaur movie?

Anyway, because I knew it wasn't the name of the dinosaur movie.

That's a different film, I think.

And I wish I'd just said, what is the name of the dinosaur movie?

And then you can see Jurassic Park and then it went great, great, great.

Now I have freed up some headspace to really focus on the return to send a non-brimming parody title.

All right.

So I, okay, so you're, we're in rough draft stage at this point.

Can I say this is, this is actually, this is actually more difficult than I thought to come up with a title that is a, it's a parody of return to send a, and yet the title does not rhyme.

I could do five of them off the top of my head.

Let's hear them.

Meat and potatoes.

Wow.

Well, that's pretty good.

Meat and potatoes, I like to eat it for food.

Right?

Here we go.

Gyms and restaurants.

No, I don't think that works.

Okay.

Sorry, but at least me.

Try to say it.

So you said you could go up with five and, uh, I will, uh, but you're cheating a little bit because return is two syllables.

So you, you want to stick to the syllable account.

I don't want to do this at all.

Then why are we doing it?

Well, you, this was something Scott, you'll forgive me.

You, you seized on this idea.

You wouldn't let it go.

You were like a dog with a bone.

And then I, I was trying to be as polite as I possibly could.

And yes, a little bit right now, I was stalling for time, not when you thought I was, but other times when I started talking about Jeff Goldblum of the dinosaur movie, that was me stalling for time.

And of course I remembered it at some point it was Jurassic Park and I pretended that I didn't know, but I, I, I don't want to do this.

It's making me feel very, uh, uh, small and stupid.

Okay.

I don't mean to make our guests feel that way.

By the way, meat and potatoes does not fit into the syllables.

And yet you thought it was okay.

So I died, you know, it's a meat and potatoes.

It does fit into the syllables.

Return.

Meat and potatoes.

It can work.

It needs work, but it is workable.

It's workable.

Thank you.

Look, I feel terrible.

Scott, I feel terrible about this.

I feel like I, I inserted my song parody sideline into the main hub.

Your, this side dish became one of the mains.

Exactly.

Which is not, if you're watching top chef, that is a bad situation for the chefs because and we're not, we're doing, we're doing the show.

So I, I, I shouldn't have done that.

And I do apologize.

I'd love to just talk about pig alibody.

If I, okay, that's your main thing.

Could you explain to Reese who you are and what you do?

Yes.

Reese, my name is alibody.

Uh, I think my last name was Chachiro.

But I can't, or I can't be a hundred percent about that because it's been a while.

Uh, and, uh, I've been married and divorced many, many times because I love pig alibody.

I love it.

It gives me a real charge and, uh, I have been, uh, married or divorced so many times it's starting to lose count.

It's been over, uh, I think it's been close to a dozen now.

And, uh, uh, the thing is I'm independently wealthy because my mother invented gaseous paper.

And I am worth roughly, roughly a couple trillion dollars.

And so, uh, even though I am paying a lot of alibody, I'm not really feeling it, but, uh, I love, I love writing those checks.

I love it.

I love pig alibody.

And you, you, uh, Tony, you, you enter each marriage, wanting it to work.

I have to marry for love as much as I love pig alibody.

I must always marry for love.

I get every single, you're not going to believe me and I don't blame you for not believing me, but every single time that I've gotten married, I've said, this is the one that's going to last.

Cristian Do you believe him?

He thought you would not believe him.

Do you believe him?

Well, he sounds like one of the few people that's managed to achieve that ultimate goal of having your cake and eating it too.

Tony, I have to ask is, has there ever been a time where unfortunately one of your ex-wives has gotten remarried and you no longer have to pay alimony?

There have been some close shaves and, uh, certainly there was, uh, there was one, uh, a young wife called Janine and Janine did remarry, but her husband died during the wedding.

So it was right after the IDOs.

So she was officially a widow, but it turns out that a deceased husband, his name was Walter.

He was penniless and a fraud.

And so I ended up restarting the alimony.

She had that marriage.

No, and where?

And so I was able to resume big alimony to Janine.

Where were you, uh, when, when he died?

Because I mean, that's a little suspicious.

You love alimony so much.

He died, right?

No, no, hold on.

Scott, hold on a second.

I've never murdered anyone.

I don't intend to start.

Uh, I've, I've never, and I, I, when one of the few people that people have never murdered anyone, but they intend to start at some point.

Yes.

Murderers future.

They, they live their lives as, uh, as people.

And then at some point they say, I intend to do a murder.

And then they do the future murders.

So they are, they are people and then they are future murderers and then they are murder.

That's exactly correct.

They, they start out as we all start on as people that at a certain point, some people make the choice to become future murderers.

So what I do is, uh, I, I think that you, you're a baby, then you become a potential future murderer.

Then, then you become a future murderer.

Then you become a murderer.

So you're there when you're a baby is the only time that you don't have future murder in your, it's the riddle of those things.

You, you start out as a baby.

You become a potential future murderer.

You become a future murderer.

You become a murderer.

Well, what about future manslaughter?

Do those exist or?

Well, I don't think it depends because a voluntary manslaughter is, uh, that's definitely a thing.

But I, I feel like fewer people say, I intend to commit manslaughter.

I think that's people that attended a commit murder and they didn't do it right.

Mm.

Mance letter is like the ultimate whoopsie when it comes to murder.

Is it not?

Yes.

And yet to what a grim name, even a grimmer name than murder man slaughter.

It's worse.

It should be worse.

Reese, have you ever murdered anyone or manslaughter to anyone?

No, but I think he has a good point there because, uh, I have been at that threshold of becoming a murderer.

Potential future murderer.

Absolutely.

PTA.

As per his saying.

Now what I've done, and this is something that other people could do as well, it, it goes online with, uh, what I was saying before, but a notebook next to my bed and I write a content, uh, become a murderer.

Uh, and then when I wake up in the morning into my lucidness, I will then quickly cross that out.

And I do that every night.

And that's the only way I get through it.

So you're, you're writing things in that notebook that you intend to cross out and not do when you.

That's right.

Okay.

You're, you're, you're, your process for your notebook is really, really intricate.

I, I'm.

I get it though.

It's sort of like you have to come up with words that rhyme in order to eliminate them first.

It's a lot.

I don't want to get, I don't want to get back on that.

Can I ask Tony, are you ever, um, trying to split up your ex wives romantic relationships and a Mrs.

Doubtfire style kind of thing where you're like insinuating yourself into their life in disguise?

I mean, I, I do love to wear disguises.

Uh, I haven't worn them to the extent of, uh, to the purpose of, uh, breaking up a romantic, uh, relationships.

Uh, I do like to spy on people.

That's my guilty secret.

I do.

What?

Look, I'm guilty.

I said it was guilty.

I, I do like to, uh, dress up in different costumes and spy on people.

Well, we're back to the Halloween super stores here in these masks.

And look, all of my disguises were purchased at a regular Halloween store.

It wasn't super.

It didn't need to be.

And, uh, but I, my, my, my ex wives, uh, my football wives, uh, robotic relationships and integlements, usually the alimony that they get is enough to keep them from getting married because, and this is not to say they're golden because they don't know none of these ladies know how rich I am until we get married.

Um, and I don't, I don't reveal it until well into the marriage either because there's no prenup.

Uh, I guess you don't want one because I guess the only prenup you would want is I want to pay you alimony.

That's a dirty word to me prenup.

I don't like it at all.

And, uh, uh, yeah.

So I, I, I, I, so, so usually it's come close a few times and of course you do.

You got married.

Uh, but, uh, I will oftentimes I will, I will, I will put on a disguise where my famous disguises and I will go to a place where I know an ex wife of mine is having dinner with a parable and I will sometimes I will, I will disguise myself as a fellow diner, uh, seeing it in a few tables away.

This is one of your famous disguises, fellow diner, famous, fellow diner.

That's what you can buy right out of the package.

Uh, Halloween superstore.

Um, I was just going to say I would point out that in New Zealand and this is an information for you guys in America.

Um, if you do come here, disguises are illegal unless they are bought from the disguise shop.

Uh, so if you really, there's, there's, yeah, there's 10 standard disguises.

Uh, fellow diner is one of those.

Uh, there are others.

There's king, there's witch.

Uh, I can't remember the rest pirate.

Um, and so if you're caught wearing those, you can get away with it.

Mm.

But if you do not have an official disguise, then yeah, you're in trouble.

It's got to have the, the, the mark on it, the stamp that says this is an official sanctioned disguise.

Although I don't know how I would even make a fellow diner costume at home.

I mean, that's not possible.

Oh, well, you, you're better off going to the store.

And the quality is amazing too.

I remember what time I tried to make a homemade, uh, uh, late to the elevator man costume.

And, um, I just botched it.

It was not, you, you wouldn't look at this bad and say, oh, he almost made it to the elevator.

Uh, you would say, who are you supposed to be?

And so, uh, you're better off going to the store.

I'm trying to imagine that costume is it, is it, does it have like wire in the tie so that it's like going behind you, like you're running towards the elevator and like the brief cases have half open and papers are spilling out or the briefcase is stretched out.

Isn't it?

It's a trick to try to stop the door.

It's a great.

They're, they're very rare.

Those ones.

So, uh, I feel like we're getting away from what you came here to talk about, which is your, your recent relationship.

Yes.

My recent relationship, uh, which has just ended and, uh, which is, uh, oh, well, thank you.

Of course, it's a good news, bad news situation because, uh, I, uh, no longer have a, a love in my life, but I do get to pay that alimony, which I do love doing so much.

Uh, this was a young woman named Linda and, uh, uh, she and I met, uh, we met at a restaurant coincidentally enough.

I was there to sky.

That is quite a coincidence.

I was there disguised as, uh, mad asking to use the business phone.

And, uh, what does that describe?

I love that disguise.

That's, that's a classic.

It's, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a bad, uh, sort of clothing.

And, uh, what you have to do is to, to sell it, you have to go up to the front desk of the restaurant and say, can I use your phone?

Mm.

That phrase comes with the costume, doesn't it, on a card?

Exactly.

Like a word balloon coming out of your mouth.

No, no, no, no.

That's, of course not.

You have to memorize the phrase.

How ridiculous.

I'm sorry.

I apologize.

I, I look, I don't know what I'm talking about.

Excuse me, I use your, excuse me, I use your phone.

And then, but here's the great part is if there's any follow-up questions, that's all up to you.

You get to improv it.

So if they say, uh, you know, no, you can't, you say, oh, and then you, you can, you can walk away or you could say, you could say, please, or you could say, uh, I'm never coming here again.

The choice is really up to you.

Uh, but, uh, so I was there, so I just, I just turned away from the front desk at the restaurant, uh, because, uh, the, the person did let me use the phone and let me tell you something.

I did not know who to call.

I didn't, I, it's never happened before.

It's never happened before.

And so I had to fake a telephone call, which is very difficult to do.

Um, well, I would imagine that the telephone call also has to sound important enough to use a business's phone.

And that's a completely different costume, which I did not have.

Uh, so I, I hung up the phone rather sheepishly and, uh, I turned around and there was this gorgeous vision in the front door of the restaurant.

And, uh, her name was Linda.

I said, I was struck by her immediately.

I said, excuse me.

You didn't know over here by conversation about the phone, did you?

And she said, what?

And then we were off to the races because I explained.

I couldn't help but I looked at her beautiful green eyes and I explained my entire situation to her.

I explained everything about myself except the big, uh, independently wealthy, of course, but I explained, uh, Did you explain the weird, ammonia, alimony, Tony, and how difficult it is for you to come up with titles?

Well, now I, I did explain weird ammonia, alimony, Tony.

She didn't have quite as many questions about coming up with titles as you did.

So we did not get into that area of discussion.

Ah, if only we'd be married long enough, but, uh, this was my shortest marriage to date.

Really?

How long did this one last?

Not counting the word that died.

Uh, this, this, this lasted, uh, three full calendar weeks and it was right where the quarantine happened.

We got married the day before quarantine was put into a thing.

And then three weeks later, our marriage was over.

That was the baptism by fire was being, having to stay in the mansion and, uh, just be confined into those 28 rooms.

And, uh, it was too much.

Uh, we, we didn't, we realized we don't really get along.

And so, uh, we had to, we had to put it into it.

She still is.

She, she's living there.

I was going to ask you didn't kick her out of the mansion.

No, now we're the best of friends.

Oh, now we're the best of friends.

Yeah.

Not being, not being married anymore.

Yeah.

And paying her what kind of alimony are you paying her right now?

Uh, the usual, it's, uh, it's, uh, it's, uh, it's a $50,000 a month.

Wow.

I mean, that's, yeah, $50,000 a month.

That is $600,000 a year.

That's a, that's a good amount of.

What?

And you're, and you're doing it for a dozen.

I keep forgetting to do the math on this.

What am I doing?

Oh, well, I have it.

I have the money.

What am I, what am I going to spend it on?

You know what I mean?

I'm so sorry that your, your, your relationship didn't work out and that you, you, you tried love once again, you tried to fit her into your clothes.

Is that what you usually do with, uh, I don't try to fit into my clothes.

What it is is I keep a closet full of clothes for my wives and the one, the one prenuptial agreement we do have is you have to return the clothes.

And the clothes stay in the house.

And I make sure that my, uh, my future wife will be the exact same measurements.

That's my previous.

How, what was the measurement process like with Linda here?

Did you make?

Oh, I've, I can eyeball it now.

I mean, it's down to a science.

Like I, I can see, I, I can look at a woman and I can see whether or not she's going to fit into the clothes because you like them either big boned with very, very thin skin or you like them.

I like, I like a woman with either a lot of it on a bones or very thick bones, not a lot of meat.

Okay.

But they have to be roughly the same shape.

Sort of like that.

It's got to work out the same.

Does it, does it look like that snowman in the, uh, uh, uh, Hey, Mr. police, you had all the clues.

Does she do all your wives look like that?

Do snowman have bones?

I don't know.

I, I don't know how it reached you.

Have you ever made a snowman with bones?

I don't know.

Uh, yeah, you can use twigs, uh, and yeah, various sticks as a skeleton and then put the snow over that.

It never occurred to me to do that.

Now every time I see a snowman, I'm going to wonder if there's a skeleton.

And what you can do, and here's, here's something fun for, for the, for the listeners.

Uh, so once you've done the skeleton using twigs, arms, you can do a ribcage if you like, you can then, uh, as a bit of fun, put an apple inside the, the twig ribcage.

And once he's all covered in snow, you can do that classic Indiana Jones thing and reach through into the snow and pull out the apple.

Wow.

And you can have a lot of fun with that kind of, if you're into the sort of evil voodoo temple adoumi dooms.

That sounds horrifying to any children who are passing.

That's pretty bad, isn't it?

Well, that's the sort of fun we have here in New Zealand.

All right.

Well, okay.

Look, we do have to take a break.

Did you, uh, I'm sorry about Linda.

I'm sorry.

It's great catching up with you, but can you stick around?

We have a, we're going to, I'd love to.

Scott is wonderful to see you.

It's wonderful to talk to other people besides Linda, even though we are dear friends, uh, but we are, we are, we are the only people that we see.

So this is, this is really thrilling for you.

Yes.

Um, all right.

We're going to take a break.

When we come back, we'll have more restart be from aliens like us.

We'll have more Alimony Tony, uh, not from aliens like us.

And we'll be talking to, uh, someone who owns a grocery store when we come back, we'll be right back with more Comedy Bang Bang after this.

Comedy Bang Bang, we're back here.

We have, of course, the great restart be from, uh, New Zealand where apparently he is enjoying winter right now.

Is that, do I have that right?

Yes, that's right.

Uh, we're getting colder by the minute.

It's beautiful down here.

Wow.

Does you celebrate Christmas in, in the winter or is it a summer thing?

That's a summer thing for us.

Yeah.

It's a very confusing time actually for our nation.

Now I've heard about this because you, you will often have depictions of Santa Claus, uh, Chris Krigel, uh, surfing and things like that where because it's summertime and he's enjoying the summertime antics and, uh, he's, he's roasting a weedy over the campfire and uh, he's, he's got, he's putting the sunscreen on and a little dog is pulling down his, uh, his pants.

And, uh, uh, what are some of the things, some of the ice cream, he's eating an ice cream coat.

Uh, uh, there's got to be other some of the things.

Uh, uh, he's got sunburned.

Uh, uh, uh, shaking out a towel.

Oh, shaking out.

Oh, because of sad.

Sure.

Cause at the big show, some of the dynamic pictures I think that you, you know, Scott, Scott, once again, I got to turn it over to you.

If you think you could do better with some of the images with Santa Claus that, uh, have that, you know, I'm sure you can get a five round top.

Yeah.

I love to see depictions of Santa Claus listening to the beach boys.

That's how you know, so it's.

He's got an ear next to a radio.

And he's, and he's, it has a, It must be Christmas.

He must be Christmas because Santa Claus is listening to the beach boys in this drawing.

Well, Alimony, Tony, you've been hearing him talk about summer and Santa here.

He is also with us, but we do need to get to our next guest.

He is, uh, he's been on the show once before.

He is the owner of the, uh, uh, I can't remember if it's a chain of grocery stores or just one grocery store, but, uh, he is a small business owner, uh, definitely and an entrepreneur.

Please welcome back to the show Albert row.

Hello, Albert.

Hello, Scott.

Thank you for having me.

Hello, Reese.

Hello, Alimony.

You know, you can call him.

Yeah, you can call him Tony.

Tony.

My man.

We're friends.

I don't know that you can call him my man.

That's the one thing that, uh, I think he reserves that for us.

Okay.

You're right.

That's fair.

I should have, I should have didn't grow well.

From what I understand.

Hey, look, what with marriage being, uh, you know, the laws have gotten a lot looser now.

Uh, you may be a candidate to marry Alimony, Tony here.

I mean, you know, you have a nice $600,000 a year coming to you if you do that.

Well, well, that's.

That's right.

The laws have gotten a lot of looser.

You're right, Scott.

It's the slippery slope, obviously.

Listen, I mean, obviously, yeah, you point out.

Did you come here to talk about that?

No, I didn't come here to talk about the loosening of the law.

I actually came to talk about some of the, the law tightening that's been happening.

Oh, a lot of these laws are getting kind of strict.

Uh, in my neck of the woods, as you know, I am a grocer.

I own my, uh, a singular grocery store in California.

Which one is that again?

It's called Kissies Local Grocery.

Kissies, right.

And is that over by like off Paramount?

Where, where exactly is that in downing?

It's actually, uh, it's actually on Firestone and Old River School Road.

Oh, okay.

So just down the street from the Acapulco restaurant.

Yeah, it's, it's, it's not quite close to the Acapulco, but you could, you can take a major street to get there.

So right before the 605 hits, uh, the five.

If you get to the 110, you've gone too far.

You definitely have gone too far.

So I, I, it's called Kissies because as you know, I do kiss every single item in my grocery store.

That's one of my personal touches.

I, I, I polish them.

So like it, take an apple, onion, banana.

That's one of your personal touches.

It's one of your personal touches.

Just one of your personal touches.

It's kissing each item in the store.

That's right.

Kiss each item in the store and then I polish it, I polish it off again so it's nice and shiny.

Uh, but as you know, going to the grocery store right now, I don't know if you've noticed Scott.

It's a little different.

Okay.

Yes.

I have noticed that it's a, and I, you know, Reese, I don't know if, uh, in New Zealand, uh, actually you're, you're not dealing with, uh, the virus is kind of going away there.

Is that right?

But, uh, here, uh, yes, yes, here in the States, it still is a rampaging through our cities, uh, and our neighborhoods.

It's rampaging.

It's simply rampaging.

Wow.

It's on a rampage.

It's tearing through our country like a tornado.

Yes.

It is like a, a hurricane.

Uh, that's just sweeping up everyone in its path.

Or it's like a Dwayne Johnson movie.

It's like a volcano.

Uh, T. Sumi.

Sure.

Of course.

Um, so going to the, the, uh, grocery store, yes, it's a little bit different.

Do you want to talk about how that's affecting your grocery store?

Well, it's not really affecting my grocery store.

Before we get into that, can I ask what are some of the other signatures?

Yeah, we got to hear about these other personal touches.

I just like to hear two more personal touches.

Two more personal touches.

Great.

There's no door on my store.

There is not a door.

I love that rhyme.

Yeah.

Well, yeah, it's, it is a rhyme on purpose.

There's no door at the store and that store is kissy's.

That's written on the window.

Uh, there's a lot of things written on the window, uh, at my store.

That is not one of my personal touches.

It is just something that happens to be part of it because my store is made of glass.

Right.

Yes.

You're there are no actual walls that are not, not see through.

It's sort of like, uh, Willy Wonka's glass elevator in there.

Like everything, see through.

Yes.

Except those are not personal touches.

Those are not personal touches.

Not having a door, personal touch.

Stuff written on the windows.

Not a personal touch.

No, it's just the bet.

It's just part of it.

Like that, that, that's, you just have to take that as part of it.

That just happens.

That's just part.

So there are things that are part of it and things that just happen.

Yes.

And do you have something written on the window of like, if you've gotten to the 110, you've gone too far or there are instructions like that?

I, well, so that's not written on my window.

That is written on a window closer to the 110.

So if you're close to the 110, you do see that?

You will know to go all the way back.

Okay.

Got it.

Right.

So you've bought other properties and you're advertising on those properties that is not your main property.

I, I, well, I haven't bought, I have not purchased property.

What I have done is taken up vandalism.

I have vandalized.

These are homes like are there local other businesses that I have taken up vandalism.

I've taken it up and can I say I'm loving it.

Yeah.

It's fun.

Absolutely.

I see you.

I love, I love to vandalize.

It's very fun.

But that, you know, people sort of know me as like the town vandal.

So they know, instead of being the grocer who owns kissies, they know you as the town vandal.

Well, you know, if you could pick what you're known for, I obviously would pick that I would be the grocer, but you need a better publicist.

You need a better publicist here because you need to be known as kissies.

You are a man who, who says you kiss each item in your grocery store, but you're known as the town vandal.

That's right.

Yeah.

And you know, I, I, if I could have it the other way around, I absolutely would, but it's just, it's just not my place.

There are other things about me that, you know, you might remember Scott Jeff Bezos is my dad.

Yeah, that's right.

You're Jeff Bezos's son.

I forgot about that aspect of your personal.

Jeff Bezos is my dad and all of my comments feminine.

Okay, I did not remember that and still don't remember it.

I only shoot wise.

Okay.

Right.

Okay.

So if you, if anyone were to marry you and I can't recall if you have a significant other, much like Elmo and Tony did at one point.

I have 10 daughters with many partners.

Oh, that's right.

So you've never gotten married.

So you, you only have 10 daughters.

That's right.

But do they work at the store?

I can't remember.

They do work at the store, but they work in the back because I will not have them seen.

But that so what you have to know about obviously this, this Corona virus as we're calling it, what the, this, the, I'll call it a debacle.

It's changing away.

All these stores are operating.

You got your Albertsons, your Rows, your Vines, your Safeway, Gelsons, pavilions, you know, stator brothers, sprouts, Whole Foods, Trader Joe's, Winco, Kroger.

They're all following the CDC guidelines, keeping six feet.

Publics.

Yeah.

Public.

Publics is another one.

Yeah.

Did you, did you mention, did you mention John's, which basically bought.

A bunch of, a bunch of Vons restaurants and then only replaced one letter.

Yeah.

You know what?

Yeah.

John's is doing this as well.

And it's.

Harris, Tida.

Super.

I think it's doing it.

It's Harris, Harris, Tida.

Oh, well, Harris, Tida is doing it too.

Who's Harris?

Harris, Tida, is that what you said?

That's what I said.

They're also doing it.

Sure.

So they're all, they have the track of what they're doing now.

What are they?

What are they people doing?

They're keeping six feet distance in the line.

They're, you're limiting items such as toilet paper, you know, things are deemed essential goods, meat.

How about Acme?

Acme, Acme also doing it.

Wow.

We, we, it's fair to say that if it's not Kissies, they're doing it.

Yeah.

Which could be a slogan for you.

Well, Bristol Farms.

Bristol Farms doing it.

The store from NBC Superstore doing it.

Now, I think that should have just been a store.

It should never have upgraded to Superstore.

They got huge.

They got too big, too fast in that we all saw it coming.

Yeah.

But these other stores, they're making me look like not just the town vandal, but the town fool.

They're making, they're all coming for my next got there.

Oh, I'm glad you finally said they're coming for your neck because as I recall, that was one of your catch phrases that you're here.

Yeah.

It's almost as if I stopped saying it, but I, I do remember that that is a thing that I always say.

They're all coming for my neck.

They're all following the CDC guidelines, the who guidelines.

And you know, I'm just a local businessman.

I don't have the capital to keep up with these big corporations.

So it right now, you are, you are to be fair, Jeff Bezos's son.

Yeah.

I look, I come from immense wealth, but is pavilions also observing the six focus?

I don't know that we have time to get into every other story.

If these stores keep coming up, I'm going to, if you, if you keep asking me this, Tony, I'm going to assume you're in the pocket of one of these grocery stores.

That's right.

Coming for my neck.

You don't want to be coming for for Albert's neck here.

I promise, but I'm not coming for you.

Gelsons.

Are they doing it?

He mentioned Gelsons is doing it.

Oh, you did mention Gelsons doing it.

I apologize.

365 is doing.

We don't have time to go through the whole list.

What are, what are you, if it's not Kisses, they're doing it.

What are you doing instead?

Well, I'll tell you what we're doing, Scott.

We haven't changed the goddamn thing.

Okay.

Because the Kisses guarantee is if you want something kissed, you better come to Kisses.

I'm kissing all the stuff and I'm still kissing all the stuff.

Can I just boil that out that you're, you're, the Kisses.

The Kisses guarantee just like a piece of advice.

Yeah.

If you want something kissed, it's just, yeah, it's more like a helpful hint.

No, please, that's being guaranteed at all.

Well, the Kisses advice.

Okay.

You're calling it advice now.

Okay.

I'll call it advice.

If you want to kiss, come to Kisses.

And if you want it kissed, I guarantee it'll be kissed.

What if you don't want something kissed?

Then get the fuck out of my store.

Wow.

That's just how it is.

And you know, it's- That's where- On the window.

I'm just hoping that people are trying to- Yeah, that's written on the window.

The wall, as it were.

I'm just, you know, because people, I don't know about you or anybody here.

We're all trying to just live according to- Jim.

You know, our- We're all trying to live according to Jim.

First of all.

Our own personal credos.

I'm someone that I want things to stay exactly the same.

I'm not letting this coronavirus win, all right?

So you want to come to Kisses?

Door is always open.

No door.

Come on in, touch whatever you want, kiss whatever you want.

I'm doing it.

I'll give you a damn kiss.

Sure.

Can I ask, have you contracted the COVID-19 virus?

Many times.

And it's fine.

So you're transmitting this to every customer with every product on your shelf.

Are you coming for the next one?

No, I am not coming for your neck.

I apologize.

Reese, are you coming for Albert's neck?

I hope you're not.

Well, I'm devising a new show with a double meaning in the title.

So I'm constantly, as you know, writing things down in my notebook, waking up, crossing it out, working out what my next move is.

And yeah, I'll tell you this much.

I've got a few ideas.

Oh, really?

So what do you got?

If they're involving me, I'd love to- Yeah.

Well, first of all, I want to get that shopper-yours shut down.

Well, that's- I mean, that's not an idea that's helpful to Albert, certainly.

That's my source of income here.

You're coming for my neck, Reese.

Reese, you are coming for his neck, like you.

That's directly my neck.

You went straight to that.

I want to reiterate, I am not coming for your neck.

That is the title of my neck show, coming for my neck.

Which may have a double meaning as well.

Yeah.

It's a dodgy one.

It's a shifty double meaning.

Sure.

Shady, whatever you want to call it.

But I want you involved.

Yeah.

So you want my store shut down so I can work on the show?

Yeah.

That's what I'm offering you.

I want to- it's a deal.

What do you- I mean, this is quite an opportunity.

This is- Have you ever wanted to be in show business?

In the business of show?

I mean, it's something that a grocer can only dream of, you know?

Every grocer wants to be in show business.

I mean, look- So what do you say?

I mean, this is an incredible opportunity.

I know you love your store.

I know you love kissing inanimate objects.

I don't know that you've ever kissed inanimate objects.

I know that you have 12 different daughters.

I don't know whether you're- Ten.

Sorry, Ten Noah.

I don't know whether any of your 10 partners allowed you to kiss them if they had the pretty woman rules going on during this.

I do.

You know, they don't have the pretty woman rule.

I do.

The first rule in that is that I do always snap at their fingers with a little box.

Okay.

Sure, sure.

But that's the pretty woman rule.

But are you saying that you like to kiss things but no one can kiss you?

Oh, if you even come near me with your lips, I assume you're going straight for the neck and that's a challenge.

So you have never been kissed rules?

You've never been kissed?

I, you know, I've never been kissed and I'm also undercover at a high school.

Okay.

Well, as high schools do, we don't have time to get to any of that.

Are you sure we don't?

We don't.

This is what a thing to drop in at the 11th hour.

I'm having a lot of fun at high school again.

It's better than you remember.

Albert Albert, can I ask you a sincere question?

Please, Tony.

Christiides, are they observing the system?

Okay, look.

We're running out of time here.

The Wayne Reed is also here.

We're running out of time.

We just have time for one final feature on the show and that is a little something called plugs.

Oh, wow.

Nice and short.

That was now you have headlights.

By family.

Man.

Reese, what do you have to plug?

Obviously aliens like us is a Spotify exclusive.

It's out there right now.

People can binge all 10 episodes.

Other than that, I guess I would only plug one of the main stores here in New Zealand, the mask and official disguise.

Of course.

Great.

All right.

Well, Alimony, Tony, what are you plugging?

Well, I'd certainly like to plug the institution of marriage and the divorce laws in this state in which I live.

What state is that, by the way?

We've never established that.

Oh, yeah.

It's different from where you are.

I would also like to plug a couple of podcasts, if I may, because your show got me a huge fan.

I loved, the first time we met was because you chose my catchphrase to read on the show.

I love podcasts.

There's two right now.

What do you call the neighborhood listen starring Paul F.

Topkins at Nicole Parker, where they take posts from the next door app and they use those as the basis for improv.

And then there's another one called Stay F. Homekins.

That's also Paul F. Topkins and his gorgeous wife that still buried Jamie had at Topkins.

And that's just them catching up during quarantine on a weekly basis.

It's an intimate conversation that you could have in the background.

I feel like you're visiting with someone.

Great.

So those are some great podcasts to listen to.

Your podcast plate is almost full, but Albert Road, do you have anything to plug here?

That's yeah.

So make sure you come to Kissies.

We're not doing any of that silly stuff.

We're not compliant with the CDC.

So if you don't have a mask, you can just come right on in.

It's fine.

There's this young comedian.

I guess I can still call him young.

Yeah, I'm not really sure about that.

Yeah, you know.

The minute you said that, my ears prick, I don't know who you're talking about, but I suddenly thought that was very braggy.

You know, yeah, as I was saying it, it gave me pause.

And, you know, let's let's I'll just call him a nice comedian.

Rising star.

A rising star.

I would never say that about this person myself, but that's very nice.

His name is Mana Padaka.

He has a podcast called What's With These Homies Talking About Weezer, where he talks to fun people about his favorite band Weezer, and they don't ever really seem to also be on board.

That's a very fun podcast.

How does, do you know how he feels about the new Van Weezer songs that have come out?

I, you know, he hasn't recorded an episode, but I've heard that he is truly just loving every second of it and having the best time possible with these crazy, crazy tracks.

He must be very upset about the tour with Green Day that got canceled.

You know, I do have a good authority that he does have tickets for it, and his date has not been moved yet, and he's nervous.

He's not going to, it's not happening until next year.

If it moves, it will go when it moves, but if it's on the same date, then he will be there.

He will be scared.

Albert.

Yes.

Food lion.

Okay.

I want to plug, you know what I just found out, and this is such a bummer, is that the Comedy Bang Bang television show, which Reese, you are so good to appear on back in the day, it is being taken off of Netflix as of June 2, I believe.

So you have just a few scant weeks, if I could implore the listeners out there of this show, which are Legion, to just turn on Comedy Bang Bang while you're in the house and you're not even watching TV, just let it run because it would be nice to get those numbers up right before they take it down.

Now the good news, it's a real good news, bad news bear situation, where apparently some episodes are now up on Pluto TV, where you can see bajillion dollar properties.

Another show, by the way, Reese, that you were on, that you were so funny on.

Oh, yeah.

You can see bajillion dollar properties there.

You can also see some episodes of Comedy Bang Bang, but watch the entire season if you haven't gotten to it yet on Netflix.

Alright, let's close up the old plug bag.

You start with a seal, when you want the clodid up, you bleed, you with an L and then you own.

We love the plug bag, pull me out of the bag, shake your hand and open it up.

And I reach your cup, and then heat just as, through an old enough line of tea, they just paradise, a person in a hot life, a little, little paradise.

Open up the plug bag, open it up, and blow it back.

Open it up the plug bag, open it up, and so, blow it back.

Open it up the plug bag, open it up the plug bag, open it up the plug bag, keep it bucket, don't pay it up the plug, open it up the plug, open it up, open it up.

Alright, that's a new remix that was sent to us by Jonathan Astonish on Twitter.

Thank you so much to him.

That's a new remix of our closing up the plug bags theme.

What did you think of that, Reese?

It was intense.

Yeah.

A great length too.

Yeah, a perfect length when you want to be wrapping something up.

Well speaking of wrapping it up, I want to wrap up this episode.

Reese, always great to talk to you.

Thanks so much for asking to be on the show, rather, and especially with such a large time difference.

What time is it now there?

We're looking at 20 to 4 now.

Amazing.

Yeah, we're doing really well now.

It's another hour and we can crack open a couple of...

Alamo and Tony, always great to see you.

Your story is always fascinating.

I promise next time I won't get so hung up on the one minor detail of your life.

That's alright, Scott.

I understand.

You love music, you love comedy.

It makes sense to me.

Robert, I hope that you don't think that I'm coming for your neck when I say thank you so much for being on the show.

Thank you for having me.

I was wondering where the rest of that sentence was going to go and I was like, this seems neck adjacent, but thank you for not going all the way.

I appreciate that.

Alright, I was going to go on a rampage.

Alright, we'll see you next time, guys.

Thanks, bye.

Bye bye.

You Thank you.
