---
layout: page
title: 655. David Spade, Lauren Lapkus, Seth Morris [https：⧸⧸cloudfront.wolfpub.io⧸CBB-655-20200513-ACv02-PW.mp3].mp3.wav
category: cbb 
---

♪♪♪ I've said it before and I'll say it again.

Number two, medium with a Coke, please.

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

Thank you to Frozen Jello Basement for that catchphrase submission.

Frozen Jello Basement.

Ah, Jello.

Such wonderful connotations Jello has with its spokespeople over the years.

Wonderful to see them still going strong.

Jello, I wonder if people still eat Jello as much as they...

I put Jello in my...

I put Jello in my coffee.

You put Jello in your coffee.

Putting, putting.

Oh, okay, that makes sense.

Yeah, the dairy products.

I put Jello, I put Jello, the clear kind in my water, or my lemonade, and the chump, chump, till it comes all squishy.

Okay, thank you.

Look, Big Sue, I haven't even introduced you.

And people have no idea who you are.

I haven't even...

I haven't even introduced myself at this point.

Who are you?

I'm scared.

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

We have a big show coming up soon.

We have...

This is exciting.

We've never had him on the show before.

A man with over 30 years of experience in show business, including Saturday Night Live, the movie Tommy Boy.

He has a new movie coming out called The Wrong Missy.

It's out on Netflix now.

We'll be talking to him about it.

And then we also have...

I don't even want to spoil it.

We have another guest coming up who...

I don't even want to say who it is, but it's very exciting.

Who is it?

I'm scared.

I'm so scared when I don't know who's coming.

Yeah, it's not even Halloween and you're so scared.

I know you get very, very frightened as the days count down to Halloween.

Is that right?

I start January...

No, November 1, least scared I've ever been.

Sure.

Well, you pay the rent.

And then...

And then I'm not scared.

I can stay in my carpet store a little bit longer.

Then, you know what cut to January February 1, you might be...

This is a smash cut too as well, right?

Smash cut.

I start getting more and more scared because I know the big day is coming when the skeleton comes.

That's right.

Then Star Wars diagonal wipe too.

Ooh, I love a diagonal Star Wars wipe up the crack.

I only use diagonal wipe in quarantine.

It saves you a lot of TV.

It really does.

Let me explain who this is.

My name is Scott Ockerman if I didn't say that before.

But serving as sort of in co-host duties this week is someone that we haven't checked in with for a while.

And I wanted to see how her core was going.

By the way, we hope that you are staying safe out there wherever you may be.

Hopefully not making too much contact with other human beings.

I'm not talking to you big soon.

I'm talking to the listeners.

Trust me, I'm not seeing anybody.

You're not.

We're gonna baby.

We're gonna figure that out.

She is the owner and proprietor of the store.

Carpets and rugs down there.

Please welcome back to co-host duties our old friend Big Sue.

Hello, Big Sue.

Hi.

Well, yeah, you know, you're talking about the quarantine.

It's a busy, busy time to be bored.

It's a very busy time to be bored.

It's not busy for your actual business.

My business is that of boredom because due to the fact that the store's not getting any action.

Well, your business has, I've always thought was non-essential and even more so now.

That is not fair.

You know, a lot of people need a carpet.

Everyone can eat things.

The carpet's essential, you know, because the carpet is what keeps your feet from touching on the ground.

Mm.

That's true.

If gravity were not so strong here on earth.

Gravity.

Is that a John Mayer?

It's turning against me.

But we're not so strong.

We're more akin to perhaps the moon or Mars.

Perhaps we wouldn't need carpets.

But as it is, these feet, unless you jump up really high like Eric Jordan, I've been watching the last dance, by the way.

Oh, you can jump.

We are tethered to the ground.

Are we not?

We are, you know, the gravity inside our bones.

Don't mention bones, actually.

I'm scared of that skeleton.

Oh, no.

But I'm getting a little nervous.

But the gravity is what keeps us down.

You know, many people think it's the shoes.

But it's not the shoes.

Sure, take those shoes off.

You won't just float up into the sun.

You need the shoes, but your body will stay on the ground without the shoes.

And I'm learning that in quarantine because I'm not wearing shoes at home.

You're not really.

What is that a choice or is that because you don't have any any longer?

I gave all my shoes as money when I was trying to pay my bills for my carpet rug store.

I see.

So your landlord took shoes as a form of payment?

His name is Mr. Zappos.

Oh, okay.

I was going to say, if you had some rare shoes like the, what are the shoes that that guy caught?

Do you know that guy Kanye West?

Who?

This guy.

He's this guy, Kanye.

His name is Cotton Kanye.

He's your friend.

It's an inexplicable first name.

I know.

He's your friend.

No, he's not a friend.

He's actually more of a well-known celebrity.

But why were we talking about it?

Oh, he had to see.

He has some shoes that he designed that I believe are worth a lot of money.

What are his shoes?

The aforementioned Air Jordan as well.

Oh, wow.

You know, my shoes weren't worth a lot.

They were some old kids.

Stopping wet kids.

Oh, they were wet.

Oh, they were stopping.

Oh, squish, squish, squish.

That's right.

One thing we should mention about Big Sue is the fact that your carpet store flooded approximately five or six years ago.

Yeah, due to my duty, actually, in the toy toy.

I made a big poo poo.

It went kirplup, and the toilet got full.

A lot of automotive pee-a on this show at this point.

Because I understand the sounds more than the words at this point.

That's right.

So your store has been flooded for almost a decade at this point.

Rounding up generously.

Sure, although I feel like the first time you were on the show was close to a decade.

I mean, time passed.

Possibly.

It does.

I'm trying to catch it.

Don't try to catch the coronavirus.

That's the one thing that we know I should do.

I'm not trying to catch that, but I am on grinder.

Oh, you are, really?

Yeah.

Are you dating?

I wouldn't go dating.

I would call it getting mine.

You're just taking your fair share?

Yeah.

How are you out there?

Are you getting the next thing?

No, I'm staying home.

What is it like to be quarantined in a wet carpet store?

Well, you know, everyone's calling it quarre.

They're calling it the teen.

I'm calling it Rantee.

Rantee, because of the syllables after quarre.

And before it ended.

I think it's going to catch on.

Okay.

So Rantee is what you're calling.

So my Rantee's been a little rough, a little boring, I should say, but I'm.

Are you spending it alone?

I'm spending it alone, but I have a couple employees who do come to the store and check in every once in a while and they make sure I'm doing okay.

And they bring me my groceries, you know, all the things I need.

Sure.

So like for instance, I would imagine your favorite food.

Well, pizza.

Why did it take you so long to remember that?

Because I was thinking about my poise pads that they delivered me.

So when I jump in my bladder leaks, I have those on.

I was thinking I can't jump into a poise pad.

But no, I have a pizza.

Yeah, they bring me pizza.

They bring me to journos.

They bring me home running.

They bring me delivery of the journos.

Right.

They literally are.

When the eternal question of delivery or jjournos comes up, you can just say both.

I just say, yep.

What do you like in a pizza, by the way?

Uh, I'll give you a couple hints.

Sure.

I like you round.

A real thick and juicy with some tomato sauce, cheese, pepperoni, and a little topping of sauce.

And if I feel like it, if I want again, a little crazy and I feel like it.

I'll put some sausage on the pizza.

Well, how did you react to the news that we all had to stay indoors here?

I cried.

But because you wanted to actually.

I cried because I knew my business would be doing worse.

And the carpets haven't dried in 10 years.

You know, you think they're going to dry and ranty?

It's not going to happen.

Right.

Yeah.

Because I got to use a toilet.

How many have you actually sold?

Counting all the all the rugs and carbons I ever sold.

Yeah.

Let's count.

Let's take it from the beginning.

Okay.

Count up the, the, your total oeuvre of carpets and rugs that you've sold the entire time you've been open.

Am I on shark tank right now?

You are.

Yeah.

I'm going to give you $3.5 million for 20%.

Whoa.

If you have the right answer.

Okay.

Um, over the years I've been working on my company carpets, rugs down there.

I have had many sales over the time.

And the amount of sales I've had is, is 20 units.

You've sold only 20 carpets and or rugs.

Well, I didn't say what a unit was.

What is a unit?

It would be anything really.

Tell me what it actually is instead of what it could be.

What is a unit to you?

My shoes.

You sold your shoes to Mr. Zappos.

So you haven't sold any carpets nor rugs.

Well, I wouldn't say many.

I would say some.

I wouldn't say many either.

I said none.

I haven't sold none, but perhaps you could say I've sold some.

I would not say that if it were not true because I do not lie on the show.

You don't lie.

I've never lied on the show to anyone.

What?

I'm going to find a clip where you lied.

Find any clip of me lying and I will give you $3 million for 20% of that clip.

By the way, I'm out.

I'm out.

This is the worst shark tank deal I've ever had.

Maybe Mr. Wonderful will still have you.

Mr. Wonderful.

It's my celebrity crush.

Really?

What is it about Mr. Wonderful?

Is it his bald paint, his stern demeanor?

I think how I could see myself in his dome.

Do you not have any mirrors anywhere in the house?

You need to see yourself in his bald head.

I don't believe in mirror Scott because mirrors are where you see the Halloween devil.

I see.

I was watching a movie the other day.

I believe it may have been Van Helsing.

You ever see that movie?

I haven't seen that film though.

You have not seen how many movies have you seen?

I've a friend who's only seen one film.

I've probably seen 20 units.

What is a unit?

Do you are real?

Because that's about four films.

A unit is a commercial.

I've seen 20 commercials.

I can name them for you.

Folgers, Milky Way, M&Ms, Honda, commercial for Disney sing along on ABC.

I'm not really a sinner.

The more you know, got milk.

Something like that.

That's seven.

What about that?

Where's the beef lady?

Do you ever see that?

Where's her beef curtains?

She couldn't find them because she had too big of a skirt on.

She couldn't get it up.

Her skirt, I mean.

Okay.

I don't know big.

This is that kind of show.

It's not?

I don't believe so.

But I have to tell you, I came here to tell you about her beef curtains.

Really?

What a coincidence that I brought it up and you came here to talk about it.

I was sent from Mars to tell you where the gravity is so light.

Gravity!

You ever seen that movie, The Martian?

I know you have movie.

No, I've seen The Martian.

You have seen The Martian.

What did you think?

It was that movie where Matt Damon wanted to be a Martian.

I thought it was an ironic title because they should have called it The Earthling because he literally was from Earth.

But instead, I go into this- Literally?

Literally, he was.

I go into this movie thinking I'm about to see the world's greatest movie about a real Martian and instead it's about this Earthling who just happens to be on Mars.

Yeah, you know, I've had a lot of complaints about movies like that.

Movies where you think one thing's going to happen and another thing happens is that it's like that movie big where you think that guy is going to be a guy for everybody ends up just being a idiot.

Well, you think he's going to be a giant.

You think he's going to be, you know, 20 feet tall and instead he's just old.

They should have called it old guy.

Yeah, and don't get me started on Captain Phillips.

Don't even get me started on that volleyball.

Why didn't- The volleyball has not worked since Castaway.

He's been typed yes because they always think a volleyball can only play a volleyball.

That's not true.

He's not true.

He could be so many things.

He could be.

And he's funny too.

But we shouldn't let human beings play volleyballs because- No.

We need our volleyball actors to work.

Have you seen Wilson's web series?

Which Wilson are you talking about, the volleyball or?

The guy from home improvement.

Okay.

How do we know that wasn't the same guy?

You know, it's crazy in the web series.

You kind of don't know it's him because you see his chin.

You see his chin?

So I think I don't buy it.

Different guy.

What's he got on that pussy tickler?

He's- Well, it's funny because the whole web series he's going, where's the beef?

And then he cuts it with that commercial and the lady goes, where's the beef?

And then he goes, I'm trying to find out.

My pussy tickler wants to touch it.

Well, I hope you're keeping yourself safe.

A big sue.

I mean, I- I'm not.

Germs are flying around us all.

I'm wearing a mask.

I'm wearing a helmet.

You know, I tried to do everything I can do.

What kind of mask are you wearing?

I mean, because that's- you're on the video conference right now and I can see you're not wearing like, you're wearing a Halloween mask.

What exactly is that?

This is a mask of a creature from a movie.

Which creature?

Which movie?

My two follow-ups.

The creature is shredder from Ninja Turtles.

Oh, I just had that movie explained to me recently on a recent show.

Yes.

I mean, it's a movie.

I'm not going to do it.

What did you learn, Scott?

Shredder.

If I'm not mistaken, he's a rat who trains them.

Is that right?

Is that a- Shredder or what's the other guy?

Who's the rat who trains them?

Which was based on stick from the Daredevil mythos.

There's Shredder and there's the other guy whose name is also with an S.

I got to know this.

Shredder splinter.

Splinter.

That's a- Okay, that's Shredder.

Who's Shredder?

Shredder is the bad guy who has a mask.

Oh, he has- is he a turtle as well?

I- No, he's a man.

I cannot believe that this is the second episode where someone is explaining the Ninja Turtles.

What do you know about April?

April is the human being that they have some sort of emotional bond with.

Is that correct?

He's so beautiful, Scott.

Is that your type?

I wish I could be her, yeah.

The type of woman that you want to be.

That's exactly what you're trying to say.

I'd have to shrink my lips down.

Yeah, you have big- there's no other way to describe them, but like DS lips?

Yeah, there's no other way.

There's literally no other way to say that.

DS lips.

It's Nintendo DS lips.

Well, look, Big Sue, we have to get on with the show if that's okay.

That's fine.

We have to get to our guest of honor.

Not that you're not a guest of honor, certainly, but you are...

I'm the master of ceremonies and the starter of the parade.

You're like Master Splinter.

You're Master of Ceremony Splinter.

I'm Master Splinter.

Master of Ceremony.

Scott, Kat, of course, all of the Masters of Ceremonies.

Yeah.

It's a rich showbiz tradition, of course.

And speaking of rich showbiz traditions, we need to get to our first guest who is just immersed in showbiz traditions.

He has had a career that's lasted three decades, which is incredible.

Yes.

He was my co-star on one episode of Just Shoot Me.

Back in the night, Steve.

Please welcome to the show first time on the show, and we're so lucky to have him.

David Spade, hello, David.

Why don't they reboot that episode?

Yes, just that episode.

Let's just do that one.

Now, if I say the title, you may remember it, Maya's nude photos.

How could you forget?

It was something about her nude photos.

It definitely was about that.

Now we never shared the screen, I must say.

Were you Maya's boyfriend or something?

No, I was in her class, in her photography class.

That's stunning.

And yes, and I had a lot of very funny lines that the writer supplied for me, and it was a fun time, and you were very nice.

Oh, good.

You know, it's funny, this girl came on there once, and I told me to interrupt you, but this girl came on and did her a little bit, and at the end of the week, she was laving to you.

It was funny, you never hit on me, and then my manager, agent, boyfriend, and 70 other people said, you were going to hit on me all week.

I go, well, you're doing the show.

What am I supposed to do?

I'm just trying to be nice.

She goes, you were very nice, and now I'm offended.

Am I ugly?

Was she trying to get you to?

I don't know.

It was a weird spin at the end.

I go, OK.

And she's like, I guess this is it.

I'm like.

I was it.

You have to pick up on these signals.

You don't happen?

Hulu, they just told me last night, the guy that did Steve Lovatan, remember him?

Yeah.

Me hit me up, and Wendy Malick hit me up, and said they're going to put it on Hulu.

Oh, good.

I didn't know that.

So maybe it's going to be an...

We can all see Scott's big episode.

I can't wait.

Oh my God.

What was your character, Scott?

I believe my character's name was Greenberg.

Because I think they thought I was Jewish.

Steve Lovatan was a big Mr. Show fan, and so had a lot of us Mr. Show people on.

And everyone was extra nice to me because of that fact, I believe.

Even though I had one of my worst showbiz experiences, which was the first night of rehearsal, we stopped rehearsal.

They gave me a call sheet.

I looked at my call time and it said like 10 AM.

I arrived at 10 AM the next day, and everyone was very upset at me because my call was 7 AM.

And I said, I swear the call sheet says 10 AM, and I went and got it.

They had given me the call sheet from that day, the day before.

And I showed it to them like it was proof.

I'm like, see?

And I'm just showing them the call sheet that I already had.

You know, basically.

Did David and did David ever hit on you on the show?

David never hit on me and everyone said he was going to.

And I didn't know what was going on.

Because you're ugly.

He was the thought you were ugly.

And then Scott ran over to the PA and go, fire that person.

That's the person, not me.

That's the person who gave me the wrong thing.

No, they were all begrudgingly like they knew I was doing a pretty good job on the show.

So they were like, all right, they couldn't replace me, I guess.

You know, it's funny you bring up Mr. Show because a great show and be.

I, I, in the wrong Missy, they, people are saying I look between Bob Costas and Bob Odenkirk.

It's kind of.

You sort of, yeah.

I can see like, like, with everything Bob best to go through to like sort of get in physically into character on better call songs.

Yeah, that's what they said.

A little better call song on Bob Costas and a little bit anybody else that looks sort of pale and stupid.

Well speaking of the movie, let's talk about the wrong Missy is out on Netflix, right?

Now I just saw it this morning.

Wow, it sounds good.

No, you think it sounds good?

Just off the title.

Yeah, just the title.

Yeah, yeah.

If I, if I could sort of describe this movie, and I know you would do a better job than me, but it concerns your character who goes on a trip to Hawaii with the actress Lauren Lapkis, who is essentially just playing herself the entire time.

This is like the closest she's ever done to her actual personality on screen.

Yeah.

Is that pretty much what it is?

Yeah, pretty much in a nutshell.

It said Lauren, it was like the fighter where she didn't know we were doing a documentary about her.

And she was just, I could just be yourself, Lauren.

And she was, this is for a big Netflix movie.

And it came out today as a documentary.

This is Lauren Lapkis.

This is what improv can do to you.

Now, she, that is sort of the idea.

The idea is we have a crazy date.

I don't know if it was a Tinder date.

Originally, I thought it was a Tinder date, but what is it?

I think, I think from what I read online, your grandma said to you up because I actually don't know if it made it into the film, but there was a part I heard online that said that you met at Jiffy Louis.

I met your grandma.

Oh, I met Jiffy Louis.

I met your grandma.

Yeah.

And you read everything online.

You get a lot of info online.

I read a lot of backstory on movies.

I don't want to watch right now.

I want to know everything before I go in.

You just read the recast.

I want to know what was cut, what won't I see?

And then my friend tells me he watches every preview and everything, 100 of them he asks, 100 people I go, just see it.

Like he goes, still on the fence.

I go, Jesus, there's no surprise.

People are even mad that they go, someone goes, what's it about?

I go, there's two girls and one's little bananas and I meet another one.

So I text her.

I realize I'm texting the other one.

He goes, oh fuck, well now I don't have to see it.

I go, well, it's not the end.

Oh, there's more than that.

I go, not much, but yeah, there's a lot more.

What if that was it though?

You just text the wrong person.

You go, oops.

Then erase it immediately.

I like when the actress Lauren.

Who is it?

I like when the actress Lauren, who is a little pain in the behind of us, me.

Yeah, that's what I've heard.

I worked with her once.

We were out in the middle of Hawaii, which everyone's like, what a dream gig.

We somehow picked Hawaii being cold and we picked it when it was raining.

It gets it rains, but you're not allowed to complain.

Even to other actors, it's the first time they won't even take it.

I'm like, what can I complain to?

Everyone's like, literally no one here in Hawaii.

You're starting to win.

Yeah, it's perfect.

Yeah, how long were you guys there?

It was something like three months or something like that?

I don't know.

Yeah, something like that in Hawaii.

I mean, I read online.

It was probably like that.

You read online.

Give me some of those websites.

I love websites.com.

It's really about all the information.

This is all in the IMDB trivia.

I talked a lot this morning.

She got a very funny review on her on her phone.

It was a text.

It was like a DM.

It said, movie.

I read it was a DM over there.

Okay, it was a DM and it said, movie was funny.

Are you ticklish?

She goes, the reviews are in.

And then I'm waiting for mine to see if I'm ticklish.

I wonder if she is ticklish.

Well, you have to tickle her and find out.

I don't know if we're allowed to.

I challenge everyone to do it.

But that one day, the girl, I don't know, you read about this on a website.

Probably.

I did, probably.

There's things called, what did you read?

They were called potholes or something or it's something I never.

Sinkholes.

I've heard about you driving the street and the street gives in like a car drives in, which is maybe the worst way to go in the world.

Like, later world, like, wait, the world is over.

And then it's over.

And you're in the center of the earth.

So it's so scary.

But sinkholes, I guess, are just like pockets of it.

Looks like a little puddle.

And there's a thing online, I think, Tyler, the director saw where someone, you dove in one and then you went to an underground tunnel to find it, come up somewhere else in the goddamn world.

Wait, that was actually real in the film.

I thought it was some sort of a special effect.

Well, in the movie, she falls in one and pops out of another one.

And it's so gross.

Even that was scary for the lady I heard.

I read that the lady had to get covered in mud and go into a big, big dump, big dump dumpster in the ground.

I don't know if you read that, right?

She was in a big dumpster.

I know they just like, hey, Lauren looks too okay.

Can we pour poop on her head or does anyone have some live diarrhea flying out of her butt?

It was one day we haven't made her like feel horrible, look bad.

By the way, pre-COVID, there was no rules.

It was like no rules.

You could do whatever you want.

Are you scared of COVID, lady?

Big Sue is who we're talking to you right now.

Big Sue.

I'm not scared of COVID, but I don't want it.

I'll tell you that much, but I'm staying inside.

I'm staying inside and wearing my mask.

I'm staying inside and wearing my splinter from Ninja Turtles mask.

I have it on, it covers my whole head.

You seem like...

You could be anywhere from 30 to 70, how about you?

Exactly.

And people say I look better with my splinter mask on, so fuck them all.

The splinter is one of the...

A rat.

We've already gone through all this.

He's a rat, he's a rat.

Oh, splinter is the bad guy.

Oh yeah, he's a rat.

You know what?

And Master Stratter is a good guy.

You know what the Turtles should do to update it is make a murder hornet one of the bad guys.

I mean...

I have a murder hornet.

I caught a murder hornet in my ass this morning.

Is it a hemorrhoid?

Hey!

So this was obviously...

This is another movie that you've done for Netflix under the Happy Madison banner without him.

Sandler, your old friend from Saturday Night Live.

Of course, the classic years as we call them, the early 90s.

We call them the good years right after the really good years.

Are you sitting there at home sort of like...

First of all, do you ever watch the show as a viewer?

And if so, do you judge the seasons and the cast the way that fans do?

I judge everything, but quietly.

But SNL I know is tough so I know that some things aren't going to work and some will.

Even if you had two takes, it would probably be a better show because sometimes you're like, you're in an acting class where you started to take or even not going to see in a movie.

I just started wrong.

Let me start over.

But once you start, you're in the middle of it going, I can't believe we're doing this.

I just started wrong and this is all messed up and I'm not into it at all.

Here we go.

And then it's over.

It's so fast, by the way.

By the time you walk out there and then it's good nights, it's so quick.

That wasn't your question.

Do you think anyone would watch the show if it were not live?

If it were just a tape sketch show though?

My theory is that the live element is the only reason why people watch.

I think a live element sounds interesting on the surface, but I sort of wish...

But in practice, yeah, it's frustrating.

It just by the way, it just looks like every other show, but not as good because they got all the takes.

When you watch the show, it doesn't look really that live.

It could have been taped a week ago.

I like the ones where they're at home because I could see where they all live.

You've been able to ascertain their addresses from what you were telling me off air.

You look...

I'm going visiting.

I'm going knocking.

If you look for mail on the desk, then you can find addresses.

Right.

Any magazine subscription that actually has the sticker on it.

I have to get out here early because I'm driving over to Jimmy Fallon's house.

I saw his address.

Who is your...

We've talked about this over the years with people who have been on SNL as well.

Horatio, I think we started doing it with.

Who is your...

If you could pick seven people to be on SNL?

Oh, a dream team?

Yeah, the dream team.

You know, it's funny.

They always do this with basketball.

You go on these basketball.

Like, Big Sue, you might not do this, but I...

I do.

You'd be surprised when I do.

I would be really surprised.

So to get people, because I guess you get in the allerailum, if you get more comments.

So literally NBA ones will be like, Scotty Pippern's better than Charles Barkley.

And then it's like, like 23,000 comments.

You go, this is the dumbest trick in the book and they do it every day.

What do you think?

And they're like, the disrespect.

And they just go on.

People are fighting all day ago.

What are you fighting about?

Some dummies set you up and now you go crazy.

It works for my company.

I have a rug store called Carpets.

Rugs down there.

You might not be familiar.

But the rugs are stopping.

So on my Instagram to try to sell some of these rugs, I'll put a yester.

You know, a this or that kind of question in the comments.

Like, would you rather have diarrhea on your rugs or piss?

And then people can kind of decide which they'd rather buy.

Yeah.

But this is an actual question that you need to know the answer to.

Would you rather have...

I need to know now.

Diarrhea or Wiltschamberlain.

You can mix it up.

Yeah, that sounds great though.

I'm not skipping your question.

Yeah.

But in what one person has to do update?

Who would you actually do it with?

Would you do it with the people that you actually did it with or would you choose throughout the years?

I'm not a...

As they say on those things.

I'm not a first time Hall of Famer.

First ballot.

That's what they say on these sports shows.

Now this guy's a first ballot.

You've heard all the...

I know sports, of course.

You're looking at me thinking I don't know sports, but I know what sports is.

I would say...

Shoot.

That's tough.

I don't know.

Bill Murray would be on.

Bill Murray, okay.

He's number one.

First round draft pick.

Bill Murray.

Dang, this is tough.

He should do his character from Lost in Translation on SNR.

I don't know.

Tell you what, I'll say you can have an exemption.

Anyone that you actually were on the show with, you cannot mention.

Oh wow.

So that way we can spare feelings.

Okay.

So I would say, obviously Pete Davidson, okay.

Let's go, let's go back right with Bill Murray as a utility guy.

Okay.

Bill Hartman.

Bill Hartman definitely.

I think almost every cast member would pick him.

Yeah, it's hard not to.

And then I would jump around, I would say maybe norm for update, maybe Tina.

I would use...

God dang it.

A Kristen Wiig.

I like the Canon.

Shh.

Dang it so seriously.

Oh, throw in Eddie Murphy in the old days.

That'd be good.

Of course.

That's probably seven.

Yeah, that's probably seven.

Eddie Murphy was really good when he hosted recently.

Oh, thank you.

Let's just do it, Pete.

It's just a pain.

I thought it was a fact.

I would pick Charlie.

I would pick Charlie Chaplin.

Oh, I'm going way back.

Yeah, I would pick...

Oh, you can pick anyone on the planet?

Oh, yeah.

Didn't we say that?

I would pick E.T.

Who's Mike has to be E.T.

Michael Jordan.

Mackenzie.

Robin Williams as Mork.

Alien and Paul.

Remember Paul and movie Paul?

Yeah, of course.

The trilogy of terror was a TV show when I was a kid.

It scared the shit out of me when I went to bed.

What was the trilogy of terror?

It was a...

Karen Black was an actress who was actually really pretty...

Yes.

From five easy pieces.

Yeah.

Five Reese's pieces.

Five Reese's pieces speaking of E.T.

Nah.

But have you ever eaten five Reese's pieces big soon?

I only eat ten.

You should do the top ten things to get stuck in carpet.

Okay, top ten things to get stuck in carpet going now.

One, diarrhea, two pills.

Okay.

That's two fucking hollow famers.

Go ahead.

Gum, shoelaces, it could happen.

A tap tooth snausage.

That's a good one.

My Jello lemonade that I mentioned at the top of the show you weren't here, but I chew lemonade and Jello every day.

Putting in coffee.

Cubes.

How many is that?

Pubes.

Yes.

Good.

You're helping me out.

Am I not supposed to?

Gasoline.

I feel pretty good about that.

Holy shit.

That's it.

Is the poster?

I think I've seen it on Lebrane.

It's you and it says my carpets are wet and you're pointing at your...

It's actually extremely accurate.

You are not wrong.

We talked about my like carpets.

I'm old school.

You don't like...

You like to have them in your house?

I mean, you don't like a hardwood?

Both.

I like the incredible questions on this show that we're really getting down to.

I like a little, you know, action down there.

Yeah.

He likes the floor to have a little, like a runner.

Sure.

Yeah.

What is your quarantine like, David?

I mean, I can only imagine you have a beautiful house in the Hollywood Hills where getting a shaking of the head.

We don't want to narrow down any kind of address.

Higher than the Hollywood Hills.

Higher than the Hollywood Hills?

Are you in heaven?

Even better, the higher, higher.

I'm on a jetpack with Elon Musk and we fly around in between Joe Rogan podcast.

No, I live basically up in a place called Trisdale.

It's basically behind Roku and Sierra Towers.

Sure.

Do you love being in your home during the interview?

I do like being in my home and I'm not like a super out there.

I do miss restaurants and I do miss flying to places and I miss going to see my friends and maybe golfing a little bit.

But I can't really like the restrictions.

We just got wamped.

I don't know.

For those of you who don't know, I believe LA just said that we're going to be still staying at home for another three months.

Three months.

Is that right?

Yeah.

I honestly almost couldn't take it yesterday.

I was so freaked out because it hasn't even been three months.

I'm falling apart.

But would you actually go out if they lifted all restr- not me.

I'm staying here for the- The only thing for me that's good is that the movie's out and that people like we might have to make them watch it.

But like the last dance with Jordan was sort of like required viewing.

But when they said and our governor was like listen, I know you're worried but we're going to open phase one.

Things are opening up and I'm like glue to the TV.

All right.

Caterpillar sanctuaries, rock quarries, archery repair shop.

I'm like, are you joking?

He said model train stores.

What is one thing that would affect my life at all?

I was like what about restaurants?

He's like, hey, whoa, whoa.

That's like two years from now.

What is the first thing that you want to do the minute we're led out of here?

I mean- You know, I did golf last week in which is the first like normal thing I've done.

Right.

I went down.

I was going to go to Arizona.

My mom had back surgery.

This is not like the funny answer.

But mom had back surgery like to see her because she borrowed some money and she hasn't given it back.

I think in person, I think I could rough her up a little bit.

It is tough.

We're not allowed to see our loved ones.

I went by my mother's house.

I was wearing- I dropped off like a pot pie that we made for her and I was wearing a complete mask and I just dropped it.

I waved at her from the window and that was all we can do because we don't want to get him sick.

I do feel for these people like my friends, kid, is going through tough time and it was her graduation for a senior.

So no senior trip, no graduation, no prom, all the fun stuff.

And when you're like that age, you're so like crazed anyway and stressed about everything and you're on the edge.

So that was like really through her loop.

Now those things are tough.

They don't sound like it looking back.

But it's a big deal.

Those are the biggest things in your world back then.

Did you go to prom when you were in high school?

I did.

I did like it.

I always ask girls that did not like me back.

And I was always a foot shorter still on.

And it was always a drag.

But I had fun but I was always hoping like they didn't like me at all.

But I was hoping that the prom like kicking in the high gear like they might be like a movie and be like- Like just the, yeah.

The whole like endorphins of the night.

You know now that he's in a light blue tux.

Like I've never looked at him like this.

He cleans up nice.

Yeah.

Like me with Missy.

I'm like you know Missy.

I know you dunk my head on the pool and hit me in the face with a bowling ball and smash.

Push my boss into a volcano.

But you know what?

You're cute.

I like when I go.

I go that's my boss and you go oh shit.

I go no shit oh shit.

You go toe shit no shit.

I go what the fuck are you saying?

Was this a fun movie to do with, I mean I do know Lauren Lapka's I worked with her on the movie I directed last year and she's a great improviser.

Was there more improvising than one of the normal Happy Madison productions?

I think this difference on this one was it wasn't one of the go to guys.

Like Sandler has a four picture deal I wound up with the four picture deal because I just was in for somehow.

I backed into it.

But I think with that girl Lauren is that everything was riding on her and it wasn't someone we've all worked with a million times.

And so I thought it was nice that it's a female lead and it's really her movie.

It's really like if she isn't good which we would know in a couple of days we'd all be like this day 44 going oh no the movie that's going to bomb here we go.

Because I've worked with some people I'm not going to say these actresses but actors, actors that get coached and they come in and they know their part on sitcoms anything and you throw something else at them and they go well this is the part I'm doing and they don't even really get it and then they try it but they're so locked into a certain way.

And it's more than you think so to get someone that was loose that just obviously does this so shorthand and does it all the time.

It was right up rally wasn't really intimidated it wasn't stressed maybe she was but didn't show it and just ran with it.

That first day we shot was our first big date like in the movie.

The movie starts on the date pretty much.

So you shot it sort of chronologically.

Yeah and then we had this long date we did so many things.

I would just like to see more out takes and stuff because I guarantee there were so many times we would crack up in between because it was so that's when I was going oh my god she's bananas because just coming up with different stuff.

What did you read online about that big.

I read that that was very fun for her.

What are these websites?

Yeah.

He sounds so boring it was fun for her.

Even that trailer where you go you I fucking me stop I read that she was very excited to work with you.

Oh that's good.

So it was cool.

That's good.

That's wonderful.

Well it's a great movie I hope people check it out.

She basically had me just I would just laugh in between takes and then just go again and go do that again.

I was actually trying not to get in her head because something was so funny but if you tell people that sometimes then they lean on it like I think sometimes I would tell her she had a new one and ready to go and I go oh I like when she's like fuck do I have to do that one again or time.

But those things I tried to stay quiet but just would say funny and just be general.

I heard you were very helpful.

Okay good.

That was good.

Well it is it's a really funny movie and both not only you but the woman we're talking about Lauren Lapchus who is I don't I don't know that she's ever appeared on this program.

Mmm.

Are both very very funny very very funny in the movie.

We need to take a break if that's okay and when we come back we'll be talking more with David Spade more with Big Sue and we have a very surprising guest coming up soon.

We'll be right back with more comedy bang bang after this.

Comedy bang bang we are back here of course we have the great David Spade from Just Shoot Me and Saturday Night Live and Lights Out with David Spade.

What's going on with Lights Out with David Spade?

Have you been doing it?

Ooh source.

Yeah I know it's a source subject but I know I did it somewhere else.

I did it and then we went to and then the disease hit.

It's not a disease it's a virus.

And then then the virus hit after the disease and then we all shut down.

So they said dude I did out of here I would interview some people here in this little office everyone's scrambling like I just did a monologue and then I would interview two comics that we put online just like let's just tread water and then Viacom was crumbling because they're just losing so much money for these shows so they just said we gotta get ready.

I was like it was really because we were going till July.

I'm like oh wait like for good and they're like yeah guy.

So it was.

Yeah guy is how they break.

They have a person coming in to relate to teens he's like yeah.

Looks like it's curtains.

So I was like wow.

Speaking of the curtain.

It's Big Sue.

We were talking about before you got here we were talking about well we were saying that the where's the beef lady was actually asking about it her own.

Her own beef curtains.

Where's the beef curtain?

Big Sue is there any porn you don't like?

Is it all horses?

Oh really horses.

That's not like oh yeah I guess maybe.

Do if you type.

Is that a is it illegal.

I think it is.

Yeah.

Okay.

If you live you're in love it's not.

No.

I've never seen much like the air bud clause.

There's nothing in the rule book against it.

I don't know that there is any law.

Someone fucking air bud.

That's what I heard.

Air bud the dog.

Yes.

The one from air bud six or where but three.

I believe it's the same one who made it through all the films.

I don't think so because I believe air bud had his paw amputated after approximately two movies and then they had to replace their.

From spinning the basketball on it.

Yes.

Which actually in the last dance I hear that that's going to be the last episode.

Air buds in the last dance.

No Michael Jordan gets his hand amputated because of spinning the.

Oh my god I'm on number seven.

Okay I don't mean to spoil it for you.

Pippin I'm watching Pippin not go in when they pull them.

It makes you miss a live sporting event to watch like some of the greatest.

I miss germ.

Well speaking of germs we do need to get to our next guest.

Which is an actual segue because this person has been afflicted with so many germs over the years.

But when the quarantine happened of course we all bring our loved ones close to us.

The first person I reached out to is was of course my parents.

But then eventually down the list I got to this gentleman.

He is my ex stepfather.

He was married to my mother for approximately six months I believe.

Six glorious months yes it was wonderful.

That's right approximately a couple of decades ago.

But we've kept in touch he's been on the show many times.

Please welcome back to the show Bob Dooka.

Hello Bob.

Hello.

It's wonderful to see you all you know this is this is it's I know this isn't real human contact but that's the closest thing I've had in a long time and it feels so very very good and I appreciate being here.

Hi Bob.

Yeah this is big sue this is David Spade I don't know if you've ever had occasion to run into either of them in your travels.

I've not no no no I haven't.

It's got how is your mother.

She's great don't worry about her.

She's moved on she's happy she's hunkering down everything's fine.

We're worried about you Bob where are you transmitting from.

I'm currently in a basement of and I need to keep it down because they don't know that I'm here but I've been self quarantining here in this basement and I have to say that my life is not that different in quarantine.

It's not yeah I was going to say you're usually in basements.

I'm usually in basements I'm usually very lonely because of a condition called early onset annoying to others.

I have had to stay 10 feet away from people for a very long time.

This was by their choice it's not by the medical profession that's right.

That's right.

That's like parasite where they're in the basement.

Mm-hmm.

Yeah did you see that movie?

Me?

Yeah sure I'll take it from everyone.

Obviously David has because he knows the major plot point let's see you watch the trailer.

No I haven't seen the parasite because I know so much about it.

I have so many parasites.

Yeah I actually you were intrigued by the title.

I was intrigued by the title but once I saw it was fiction I was like you know what I deal with in my own body is far more complex than this.

In fact I started naming my tapeworms because I'm so lonely.

Really what names do you have at this point?

Michael Barbarro, let's see Claire tennis scatter, Chloe 7 yay.

That's how they're going to act.

I was going to name it boys don't cry but it was too hard to get that out.

How are you taking this?

I mean we're all worried about you.

You're one of the most if people haven't heard Bob on the show you're one of the most sickly hypochondriacs that I've ever met.

You seem to be afflicted with so many diseases.

Well not to brag but I'm in several medical texts as an anomaly for how frail I am.

And Scott I wish I had better news for you but I am not feeling well.

This new era has put me into exposed several other ailments and diseases that I have.

Oh no.

Actually prepared a list I don't know if you allow me to read some of these because I think some of the listeners may also be suffering from this.

I think the more we get attention on these things the more we can struggle.

Sure I mean yeah we have time.

Let's hear the list of other diseases you have right now.

Thank you.

The following is a list of symptoms and ailments that I have developed since quarantine started.

Dry cough, persistent fever, sore throat, fatigue, glab warts, moist nostril, yeast sinus, hot stash, oily soul patch, spaghetti egg, noodle bloat, loneliness, tennis elbow, fetal position neck, sab ribs, pillow clutch shoulder, zoom gloom.

Zoom gloom, I have a zoom gloom.

Yes yes.

A zoom room for me is when I just can't stop looking at myself and thinking how ugly I am.

Whenever I'm on a zoom call I just focus on.

I understand.

In the history of human beings you're a three at least.

When you think about how cavemen evolved from the end.

Oh yeah I like to consider myself the one that's just crouching.

Sure.

That evolution thing I'm like I'm two after the fish.

Last crash, bandana rosacea, tomato stigmata, harsh scarf, fauci ouchy, biblical plague fatigue, and timesives, joy blight, lockdown jaw.

And I suffer an addiction to CDC 3PO pioids.

I mean it's awful Scott.

This is all stuff that has come up since being sequestered.

Exactly.

This is post the quest duration.

Yes.

It sounds like you're in a lot of pain buddy.

A lot of pain.

I am a reverse empath.

You don't feel pain?

I don't feel other people's pain.

I feel my pain times 10.

Can you say empath backwards?

Yeah I'm nervous.

I feel like we're on Twin Peaks or something.

Bob I feel bad that you're so lonely.

I don't know why I had a big pause in between loan and lead.

Good.

Because you actually think a lone apostrophe L.O.N.E. is so lone.

I wish you had friends around you friends like what is Kevin fuck up to?

Kevin fuck is very busy.

He's very busy.

What's he up?

Yeah what's he doing?

He opened up a line of bunker foods.

So he's actually doing great right now.

You know for survival.

What kind of food?

Yeah what does he do?

Well he's got ramens of course.

Instant ole mules.

Bovine water.

Floor cheese.

Nuts.

No he doesn't serve nuts.

I just I drop something.

So he serves no nuts.

If you ask him for nuts he will not be able to bring them over to you.

You can also get from him the following Jerkys beef.

Jerkys buffalo.

Scab.

And Herky.

You know a lot of things.

It dried fruit especially dehydrated pineapple rings aka wizard buttholes or burning man somersaults.

Lots and lots of different things.

Lots of stuff.

So Kevin fuck is doing just fender.

Although I do have some bad news.

Oh no what's going on.

Oh my god.

Oh no.

Cigarette is no longer with us.

Not of COVID-19.

Well I guess it doesn't matter in a way it doesn't matter how he died because he died.

Well it does kind of matter he ironically he burned to death in a fire.

Oh no because ironic because of his last name or some other reason.

Well his father's a fireman.

So triple iron.

The ultimate irony.

Oh my god.

So did his father's a fireman you said?

Did his father have to put him out?

He did not have that honor.

They were getting along at the time.

His father was the first responder, first one to show up but they're in a feud.

So he just said yeah.

I'm not doing it.

He's staying away from me and that's probably what did him in to be honest.

Oh no poor old pal.

Pride comes before the fall or in this case the long simmering slow fire death.

Do you still have feelings for the mother?

Oh absolutely.

You know with a love like that it never really fully goes away.

You were only married to her for six months and from what I understand it was some sort of mistake marriage.

How do you meet?

She tells some story about how she was backed into a dark room and she thought it was a surprise birthday party and then suddenly she got married and she had you know.

Well you know I come from a long.

I come from a long line of a merchant marine sailor so I had what is called a Shanghai wedding.

Where she thought she was going into a tavern but instead she got married to me and you know you say it was just a short period of time six months by the by the calendar but in my heart we died together of carbon monoxide poisoning after having a long fruitful marriage.

That's the thought for rush hour three.

They have a Shanghai wedding and they go into the garage.

That's right.

What happened to Chris Tucker by the way we should really be talking about him.

Is he okay with Chris Tucker beyond your SNL top seven or tall Chris Rock as I call him.

What is up?

Oh he's taller than Chris Rock isn't he?

I think so.

Bob is a big pop culture aficionado.

Big failure.

Is Chris Rock?

But only with height.

Yes.

Is Chris Rock.

I'm a very long woman.

I'm a very long woman but is Chris Rock tall?

That's my fault.

Is Chris Rock tall?

Spade Chris Rock.

I mean taller than me he's probably five.

He's shorter than me.

You interrupted before he just said five and you thought that you thought that was taller than Dave?

No he's five and he's not that tall.

Sam was about five.

I mean I could talk about the heights of SNL people all day but we do need to take a break that's okay.

When we come back we are going to be still talking to David Spade while at Big Sue and Bob stick around because we need to figure out exactly where you're at and get closure on you.

Yeah I have some more things I'd love to talk about and if you've got just right I have it but just remind me of your mom's current phone number.

Remind me.

I might have to do that off air if at all.

No okay.

And I don't believe I will be doing that.

Okay let's go to a break.

When we come back we'll have more comedy bang bang after this.

Bye bye.

Comedy bang bang we are back here David Spade of the SNL years the good years after the great years.

What years were you actually on that?

If I had to guess 90 through 95.

Wow.

Is that right?

Oh yeah you know.

So Odin Kirk was there when I got there it was probably 90 91 season.

I did a couple shows then came in for five years.

I think yeah because I think I started to shoot me in 96.

Did you nail it Scott you just got it exactly right now.

Did you google it?

That's pretty good.

I was like I was trying to go when was it but.

Had Bob Oden Kirk developed his famous catchphrase at that point the god damn it.

That's what he says all the time.

Oh hey buddy.

Hey what's going on?

He has two different but he has the nervous OCD shy Bob.

I was just thinking you could do this sketch I wrote and then he's got the god damn it.

Yelling guy.

I think he was I think they got he got an argument with Al Frankenwins actually Conan and Bob helped me a lot when I got there I didn't know how to write either yellow pet I honestly didn't know as a metal act they said go write sketches in a room and they just put you in a room like this with just a wooden desk see it read through and I'm like I don't even know how to name it I don't know anything and so I just bomb some shit but so I go ask them but no one has time to help you you know everyone's they're worried about their own job and there's not enough time for them but those guys are pretty nice my goal was nice but he was too good and he didn't even have time to just hear me out you know what I mean.

Right he was too into man where Bob is a Bob is a very very helpful guy too.

He's a young writers he always I will say that he he taught me number one of the first sketch I ever wrote for Mr. Show I gave it a funny joke title and he just said we don't do those oh really funny yes and then another sketch I wrote ended with me and the other writer accepting Emmys for writing the sketch and he said ha ha yeah everyone does that.

Oh right.

So those are the two tips the two tips that he gave me.

I've had stuff like that happen where people write the sketch.

Do you have the Johnson file and then they go we don't do that here.

But wait one time Frank and God Sandlin I was a story better but he was getting mad about whoopi Goldberg and him and Bob's taken an argument about if she's a good actress and I think Bob is going now she sucks and he's like really have you seen Clara's heart and then he goes no she sucks though I've seen her in a bunch of shit she's no good and I think he's doing it on purpose he goes have you seen Clara's heart dumb as the book movie and then we all keep talking and then Bob goes whoopi Goldberg is not and and fucking help my god I think he flipped over the fucking piano and let on his foot.

No he flipped over the table and then on his toe and broke it.

It broke yeah and then he got all defending whoopi Goldberg's honor.

It's so funny and I think that's the one where he broke his toe and we're all like ahhhhhh.

I think Bob also told me about a story about getting into an argument with a cast member and throwing them against a wall.

I never told you that story.

Oh no no I don't mean you Bob Duke.

Oh that was Phil Hartman with Schneider.

Oh oh oh okay I believe Bob also did through someone against a wall.

Oh yeah who was it was it Rob?

Wait Phil Hartman threw Rob Schneider against a wall.

Is that the story?

I'm just sort of came out yeah.

What was the other one?

I'll do it.

What was your website?

What was your website's.com?

I'm going to go to websites.com and get the info if you don't want to share it here.

No it was just there was some misunderstanding.

A lot of misunderstandings at the world's most tense workplace.

Yes well Rob and I got hired together and we were.

We got tense with us to be honest and we were good friends but when we get there it's just too tough it's just too stressful.

Were you literally hired as a team with him or was he a stand up that you knew?

Yeah we knew each other.

Judd Apatow was around Sandler we're all in the valley so I knew some of these guys I didn't know rock but there was four shows at the end of the year like May or something like that and they hired me and Rob.

To be writer, perform mostly just writer.

Now we did a summer and we came back and rock and Farley started and then after a few months Sandler started so that started sort of our time but we didn't all start the same day and Rob and I were fighting by the next year immediately but it was sort of a little jealousy on my part if I have to be really honest.

He had the copy guy who took hold immediately and people all across America were saying making copies making copies.

It's actually getting me mad again.

I just watched the mighty ducks and they referenced it in the mike.

Is that weird?

That's hard to take.

I mean that's just dumb of them.

You can tell I'm so mad about it.

You had Buh-bye.

I had shit.

A lot of people said Buh-bye.

Oh yeah we ended up doing something the other day and we were deciding if Buh-bye.

They asked me if Buh-bye or copy me she was bigger and I was like I said I think copy machine was to be honest because Buh-bye we only did one.

I can do it twice but it feels like those ones we did a million times but it was really just me and Helen Hunt that was the one that everyone knew.

We did it again with Steve Martin and no one even really saw it and it bombed.

We did one before the end of the season and we came back and I was like you got to do it and of course dive bomb right away and then I was crickets.

I was in like sketch jail after that.

I thought copy machine was very hooky, very catchy, very fun.

But we wound up being fine.

It's just you know it's a tense atmosphere.

I don't know if you work on those shows where just writers rooms aren't that fun and it's just I didn't have a glass of water for 15 years.

It's not like you I didn't know about anything about food so that's affecting my mood.

I just pizza pasta and she's first every day in a Diet Coke.

Not one.

Every day we had Al Wazir every single day.

So funny.

And as much as Mr. Show was sort of supposed to be Bob's reaction to how he wanted to run the room differently than SNL it still became.

It just kind of turns into it in a way where like I still the only job I've ever had nightmare is about is that show.

Oh wow.

You know that's also a very high quality show that's not corny and I'm sure if you're working on a cornball sitcom it's a little easier.

Sometimes it has to know you'd go you know they pitch ideas and someone will say something and the next guy will go yeah that'll get a laugh.

And then I go well if not one of us 12 laughs I'm sure it's going to get a laugh you know I mean it just means well the dummies they'll fucking bite on that it'll be fine.

And people will smile.

But I don't like when some are a smile you can say this joke's more of a smileer because people don't laugh you know.

So it was just tough but I did learn a lot that was I didn't need but I didn't learn about it.

By the time I left it learned how to write a sketch and then I go yeah have you ever written a sketch since then.

Yeah it wasn't a sketch boot camp and they pushed me out.

Now go to a movie I'm like well now I don't even know how to do movies anymore.

So well speaking of laughing and Rob Schneider who is also in the movie The Wrong Missy Out Right Now.

Also we have Big Sue here from carpets and rugs down there.

Seemingly a big fan of websites.com as well as multiple websites about the movie The Wrong Missy.

Seemingly.

Seemingly you know but things don't always exist there appears so I don't even know maybe I am maybe I'm not you know I like to keep a little mystery.

What is reality at this point we don't even know.

It is reality reality is that's not the gravity of me against me.

Big Sue you know so much about websites I'm wondering if you can help me out.

I've been trying to get a membership to wiki feet but I can't figure out how to get the application from you want to put up pictures of your own feet or you're trying to look at both of that.

It sounds like an exciting community.

You have to you have to type it in with your feet and the computer will know.

So it knows if it's being pressed by.

It's like putting your thumb on an iPhone you just put your.

Exactly and I'd use my toe on my iPhone too just because then really no one can break in because sometimes I think people might have the same fingerprints as me but nobody's got the same toe prints so I have my phone my toe every moment.

Oh that's good.

Well you know I have a line of hobo shoes with the with the front missing if you want easier access.

I actually need those guys sold all my shoes recently.

We call those the Frodo's.

Yes.

What else is going on with you Bob?

I mean we worry about you even even though we're not necessarily close nor should we be nor do we want you know constant or even repeated contact with you.

Or we just deal with this thing head on and you and I hang out all the time and we just sort of nip it in the butt.

I don't know if I'm going to opt for the latter but but I still do I have genuine general concern about all of humanity and you you fit under that banner.

So what what else have you been doing?

Well you know I've been doing things to keep busy like naming my respiratory droplets and things like that but most I'm most excited about my line of go bags.

Really what are the emergency bags?

No so these are something you keep in the trunk of your car or by by your front door in case there's an earthquake or some sort of catastrophe and you just have everything you need at the ready.

And I have a special line you know many of these things offer the same general things within the go bag but minor.

I don't know that I've ever actually seen go bags advertised nor displayed in any store.

Oh no there's no game is on it's like an emergency kit earthquake bag.

I normally I think when I think of a go bag I think of something that a mobster keeps in the trunk of his car in case he needs to abscond quickly so it has a lot of cash fake passports.

I used to think of swag from that 90s movie go that it was like a tote bag from go.

Did you go to the premiere of go?

I yeah I catered it.

I don't want to see you catering anything.

Well that's what they said that's what they said yeah I wasn't.

That's a that's a fun new twist on that's what she said.

Timothy all of fan kicked me out immediately.

He did yeah he's trouble I've met him yeah back on the old indie one oh three one days when he was the sports guy.

That's right that's right and David Lynch did the weather.

That's right yes and you came on to our show that's right.

Bring it all back around so tell us about these go just just some of the thing well you know what I think I should just back up and tell you formally the following is a list of products and items that you might find in the Bob Duke go bag.

Maps toilet paper work gloves emergency blanket emergency bed emergency four thousand thread count sheets by bowling branch.

Cavillar sleep mask phone charger sleeping bag gum flashlight matches handle glow sticks glitter moon rocks ecstasy electric daisy festival laminate.

A first aid kit including meat piercing needle and thread tube tent wind up radio propeller beanie safety goggles Walton Goggins orange whistle and of course for quick repairs you need things like wood putty and these other puddies adhesive molding silly.

Collier and that's it.

That's it's a short list indeed.

The putty list was definitely short.

Well you know there are hundreds more putties but I you know I have to just have to have the essentials when you're on the go.

Sure of course yeah well Bob I hope you're going to be okay I mean all these at least you haven't contracted covid right.

Not that I know of not that I know I are you able to get tested at all or well I did it I did what I thought was a drive up testing where you know you you go and they they stick a large q-tip up your nose.

But then I found out it was a it was not an authorized testing site.

It was a prank you were going to say it was a prank or a fetish of some sort I don't know it was one of these internet creeps you know one of these booty goons that buy you on the internet.

Was it one of those things where you said hey this isn't for covid and then the person said and that's not a q-tip either.

Well like you had a dick in your nose.

Well my nose hasn't gotten it period in a couple of weeks so it's very possible.

Alright alright look we're running out of time we just have one final feature on the show and that's a little something called plugs.

We're in the club doing some clubs showing some love go to my website www.time to do some plugs.com wasn't available.

Oh nice and that was www.time to do some plugs.org by slow writer.

Thank you to slow writer.

My name is half the song.

Is he?

Yeah I believe so.

All right what are we plugging David obviously plug in the movie it's out right now people can see it.

I will tell you that my friends old and he goes he was talking to his girls he was these girls that came in I was eating pizza and they were talking and he has this website he goes and I told him you know I go you hit on or whatever he goes I told him they got to go on www dot do you say the W's?

Yeah you have to I don't think you have to anymore.

There's three W's that means worldwide I know I didn't need it.

It's interesting how like you watch old news clips and when the internet was first invented like news anchors trying to explain how to get on websites and they're saying like and then it's a period but it's actually we pronounce it as dot.

Yeah or the at sign was a weird one I didn't get.

Yeah like no one has to say like my Twitter name is at Scott Ockerman anymore like we all understand it.

Yeah I didn't get it.

But is that what you're here to plug is websites?

No that was a bluff.

That's actually what I'm here to plug I'm here to plug websites dot com.

It's a great website you've had a lot of good stuff and you can buy it all about it.

That was your gravel.

You had a bowl of rocks.

Listen here's it is.

Wrong Missy.

Obviously a Netflix starting today it's been on really tearing up the charts and yeah then all my gigs are canceled.

So nothing else to plug.

Okay I had so many fun gigs coming up too it's such a buzz kill.

Big sue is there anything you're plugging?

I'm plugging my store carpets right down there.

Please come buy my shopping carpets.

I need you to buy them.

They got everything must go.

Liquidation sale.

Literally and literally and I plug the wrong Missy because I heard everything on websites dot com.

Everyone's talking about it on websites dot com.

The forums on websites dot com are flaming hot with my wrong Missy talk.

I have a question about the carpet store.

If you go there and you think you like a carpet but you're not sure are you allowed to piss on it.

You could do whatever you want to the carpet.

It's actually I will give you your money back even if you do buy it.

That's an incredible guarantee.

You don't get that with most stores.

Bob what are you plugging here?

Just two things really.

The first is trail mix.

I think it's a forgotten snack item.

The concept of trail mix not a specific trail mix.

Okay.

Well if I'm specific I'm going to have to say the Cape Cod trail mix from Whole Foods 365.

What's in Cape Cod trail mix is it like lobster chunks?

Yes it's lobster chunks dehydrated oysters.

Fish nets.

Yep.

All sorts of things.

Oh and and and Cape Pride.

Cape Pride flags you know from from province down.

Okay I didn't know that was a subset of Cape Cod.

And then what's the second thing?

The second thing is a show that some friends of mine are doing called Brighter.

It's a brighter comedy show.

It's every Saturday 6 p.m.

Pacific coast time.

Amazing.

Where are these friends and this isn't Kevin fuck I would imagine.

Who are these friends who are doing this show?

Seth Morris and Donna Fine glass excuse me Donna Furman hosted but you know they've had people like Nick Rolge, Saman Zukis, Matt Walsh and others on.

It's just a fun show.

Many of them are benefit shows that benefit local LA charities and it's just a good time.

You can go to www.writercomedy.com to find it.

And I think you have to create dot communications backslash internet.

Yeah yeah yeah but all of that you have to make sure that's in there otherwise.

We have to put HTTP call and slash slash that stands for Internet.

Internet.

You know I heard that pretty much everybody has HTTP.

Oh I think so.

These are just about everybody.

Okay let's close up your plug bag.

You start with a C when you want to close it up.

You leave with an L and then you hold.

Feed up the plug bag.

Pull me off the glass.

Shake your hand and open it up.

Rachio comes and then he just says.

Turn it off.

Open it up.

Alright guys I want to thank you so much.

David always a pleasure to I said always a pleasure.

Always.

You've never done the show before.

I don't care I love it.

It was a pleasure to have you on.

It's nice to see you.

I love it.

I had fun.

I like talking to you guys and we'll do it again.

I appreciate you doing this for me because the movie means a lot.

I think it's a lot of fun.

That's great.

It's very funny.

I hope people watch it.

Big Sue it's great to see you.

It was great to be here.

I'm going back into the going back into my story and all closed up for the night.

When you're going back into it where have you been transmitting from outside?

Yeah.

Outside this whole time.

Yeah I better signal.

Yeah.

Okay and Bob please take care of yourself.

Okay.

Final question for you and your mom.

Can I be in your bubble?

I don't think so.

Okay.

Worth a shot.

I'm so sorry.

Alright we'll see you next time.

Bye.

Thanks for watching.

You Thank you.
