♪♪♪ Jack B. Nimble, Jack B. Quick.

Jack B. Looking low-key thick.

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

Mm-hmm.

Thank you to Pork Fucker.

Catchphrase submission.

No.

Yes.

One-on-one-two punch.

Unfortunately, it is.

And Pork Fucker is the name.

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang for another week.

The end of May when young men's thoughts turn to flights of fancy.

Spring has definitely sprung, and it is no exception in 2020.

Spring is happening, and it is certainly springing.

And we have a wonderful show coming up.

By the way, my name is Scott Ocherman.

I'm the host of Comedy Bang Bang.

I have been for over 11 years at this point.

And although probably under 11, if you count the actual times I've hosted without a guest host.

Oh, great. Great joke.

That's not really a joke, Ben.

Keep going, keep going, keep going.

You already nailed it.

Don't go ahead.

Why don't you get close to that microphone, Ben?

What do you think?

Because then I have to bend like this.

What are you bending like if you had to describe it?

Back home, baby!

Ladies and gentlemen, that's Scott Ocherman.

Congratulations on the 11 great years.

Thank you so much.

I am Scott Ocherman, but coming up a little later, we'll hear from these folks who have been talking, but we also have a couple of people who are in custodial services.

That's interesting to hear from them during this odd time in our nation's history.

And we also have someone who's in marketing.

So that will be very interesting to talk to them.

I wonder what they're marketing.

That will be great.

But before we turn to them, why don't we stay within the field of entertainment?

And I guess I'm including myself in that when I say stay within that field.

But they are when you think of the show Space Force, which is coming out this Friday on Netflix streaming all episodes this Friday, you think of the cast member Steve Corell, Jane Lynch, John Malkovich, John Malkovich, and John Malkovich.

And you think of the cast member Steve Corell, Jane Lynch, John Malkovich, and instead we have two other people.

Yeah, you could.

There's a lot more.

And Jane Lynch is, I guess, a guest star, but keep going.

You could name a few before you get to us.

Yeah, we're going to figure out exactly where on the call sheet they land.

John Malkovich, let's keep going while we're here.

Who else is on there?

Don Lake.

Jim Yo-Yang, Chris Gethard, Kaitlyn Olson.

There's like a series.

Jessica St Clair is straddling Avenue 5 and the other space force.

Jessica St Clair is straddling Avenue 5 and Space Force.

Yes, and Veep at the same time.

This is like someone who's able to be in Marvel movies and DC movies.

It's exactly like that, good call.

This is incredible.

And then getting all the way down to probably, if I had to guess, and I'm going to guess, Ben, by the way, Ben Schwartz is here.

Hello, Ben.

Hey, how are you?

Lovely to meet you.

Ben, you are, if I had to guess on the call sheet, you, do a real guess.

This is a real guess.

Okay, and make sure it's a real guess.

This is a real guess.

This is me actually trying to handicap this.

Commeasure it with his career and experience.

Right.

Yes, that's a thank you, Tony.

That's great.

Okay, very in mind that you've started in some movies recently, you were the voice of Sonic the Hedgehog.

Sure.

I'm going to guess 53.

53 is incorrect.

67.

67 on the call sheet.

Yeah, because we have these people that in the background are one of these people who are in the movie.

They pretend to be cats.

They don't have any lines, but they pretend to be cats from musical cats.

They're pretending to be cats from the movie cats.

Okay.

Oh, was there a movie?

Of course.

I've only seen the trailer.

Tugger was in that, I believe.

Oh, that's cool.

And speaking of the Rump Tom Tugger, she is a fan of all things musical theater.

And if I had to guess where she lands on the call sheet, she's our old friend from the Jillian Dollar Properties.

Tony Neusam is here.

Yeah.

And Brock Meyer, mind you.

Brock Meyer?

Yeah.

Bearing in mind the recent Brock Meyer experience, I'm going to guess three.

Weird.

I'm actually number one.

What?

It's so weird.

Correll is under you.

He asked.

Yeah.

He was like, I don't, you know, Correll is the nicest guy in Hollywood.

He wanted to make me feel good.

So I'm number one.

He did, really.

Okay.

So you're under Correll.

That's what she said.

That's one of his famous jokes from the office.

Who's created?

Tony Scott.

Created by the same people that created Space Force.

Am I right?

Is that also a quote?

Yes, exactly.

Am I right?

Am I right to do that?

This is going to be embarrassing, but Greg Daniels is higher on the call sheet than I am.

He's just the writer, but yeah, he's higher on the call sheet than me.

That's incredible.

Well, guys, welcome to the show.

Welcome back to the show.

I should say, Tony, have you ever been on?

I'm, I'm, oh, yeah, I've never part of the Jillian Dollar Properties cast, I would imagine.

Was I on as myself?

I don't recall myself.

I don't know what that means.

I guess neither do I.

Welcome to the show.

And Ben, of course, you've been on many times most recently.

Lovely to see you again.

Famously with the Middle-Ditch and Schwartz combination, which just came out on Netflix.

Did you check them out yet Scott?

I haven't seen an, also for that article, it seems that you, on Twitter, you said that you were asked to comment on this Washington Post article and you said, I'm sorry, I sort of, they, they, yeah, they, they emailed me and I said, e-mails not really good for me right now.

Well, with the quarantine and all that.

And, uh, we said, well, we can certainly do a phone interview if you like.

Easy.

Oh, it is something, something went wrong with the, the direct billing situation.

I, I'm not really on the phone.

Well, how are you having that?

How are you going back and forth through email text?

How are you having the conversation?

Uh, walkie talkies, mainly.

So do it over.

Walkie talkie.

Yes, that's correct.

They were with the.

The 10 mile radius.

Wow.

But I, I, I just was like, do I really want to give a quote and then say over at the end of it because I'm on, on a walkie talkie.

It doesn't matter.

I'm sorry.

It just seems weird that you haven't seen the specials or gave a quote.

So.

Yeah, it is a little weird, isn't it?

It is.

Yeah.

You're a fan of comedy and alternative comedy, you know, big deal for improv.

So it's weird.

I always say alternative comedy.

It's more like an alternative to comedy.

Sorry.

I got to take Tony's question.

I'm going to disregard what you just said.

Yes.

Tony Newsom.

You're going to give me in the back.

Why is your microphone so low when I'm guessing you've always been this height?

Yeah, exactly.

This is a little low.

There's a lot of bending going on at the joint.

I'm going to tell you and you're going to love it.

It's because the, the music stand right underneath it is below.

So when I do my lines for voiceover, I'm looking down there.

So this is the perfect type for that.

So I should have changed it before we get.

Yeah.

Why not adjust ever so slightly so you don't have to bend in those little knees or tape your lines to the wall so that you can stand up.

Do you hear tape your lines to the walls?

Tape your lines to the wall.

Okay.

All right.

That's hilarious.

I'm ridiculous for keeping paper the wall so you can maintain good neck health.

What do you want me to do?

Kill 100, 100 trees?

What are you insane?

Take care of your neck.

What are you doing?

You're looking at it on an iPad or something?

Prop your iPad up at eye level, buddy.

She got me.

Tape your iPad to the wall.

She got me.

I should have taped my iPad to the wall.

She got me.

Is this the kind of repartee that we'll see on Space Forts, which comes out on.

F-O-R-C-E.

What's that now?

It's just the problem with the last show that I did you call it House of Pies for literally five and a half years.

So Space Forts.

Tawny's here and she has never been disrespected like this.

Tawny, can you please give him the pronunciation?

I'm so sorry.

I did think it was called Space Forts because we all took those blankets and we built that fort in the living room of the main set.

Yeah, but that's not what the show is about.

No, it's not.

It's called Space Forts.

Tawny, are you saying that you have dialogue or are you saying Space Forts?

Can people pick that out of your dialogue?

I try to say it as little as possible because I was nervous.

I was wrong, but I was pretty sure.

I was like, yeah, Space Forts because we're building all these blankets.

So if you see it in your script, you would cross it out and try to say something else?

Or I'd pretend I'd do one of these and be like, where's Wars?

Like put my hand over my mouth?

That's such a mistake.

You do a lot of hand-mouth acting, I've noticed, in your opera.

Yeah, it's bad for these sanitation times.

By the way, it's great for living.

It's evergreen.

She could literally, every show she could use her same exact thing just have different lines because she's covered her mouth.

Ben, speaking of evergreen, you just recently were Sonic who is nevergreen and in fact is blue.

I'm going to stop you there.

There's an episode of Sonic where he jumps in a vat of St.

Patty's Day beer.

Does he turn into the Joker?

He turns into the Joker.

So I guess technically he wasn't him being green.

All right, you're right.

Right, okay.

When you're being with a Hulk, sorry.

That's good.

I like that.

Yeah, you're trying to get in on these Marvel and DC movies we were just talking about.

I am.

I mean, listen, they're releasing this American.

I'm talking to you, Ben.

I'm talking to Toni.

Of course.

Yeah, can't you see where he's looking?

Nope, my bet.

Sorry.

Yeah, I'm trying to get in on it.

Yeah, I want to be considered in all of them.

Who would you play if you could play any superhero?

Oh, probably Jamie, the smart attorney.

Jamie, the smart attorney.

What's her superpower?

Paperwork, baby.

That's not too far off from She-Hulk, I have to say.

You could play She-Hulk where it to ever land your way.

We're not doing it.

By the way, Toni could cr- Toni would be awesome as She-Hulk.

Yeah, give us a little She-Hulk right now.

If this was- Let's call this- That'd be great.

This is the audition.

All right, pretend that I am Spike Jones, who's a director and also close to the name of the Marvel creator Spike Lee.

And then what's your- The fable Marvel creator Spike Lee created such comics as Do the Right Thing.

And she's got a plus Batman.

Yeah, and then Scott, who are you going to be?

So she can audition for two people that she knows?

Yeah, I'm going to be Fred.

Okay, so Fred, here you go.

You got Spike Jones and Fred.

Whenever you're ready, Toni.

Okay.

I'm not ready yet.

Ooh.

Fred, are you okay?

This is Fred talking.

I know, are you okay?

No, I'm not okay.

What do you think?

I know, just don't- Considering what you said to be right before this audition started.

Or what do you want me to say when you make a mistake, you have to be told you're never going to learn from your mistake.

But you're not my boss.

You're my assistant.

Yeah, well, we'll see about that.

Okay.

Do you want me to come back or I can- Toni, I am so sorry.

This is so embarrassing.

Fred, are you ready?

Toni, sorry.

Fred?

No worries.

I'm ready, Spike.

Go ahead.

Okay.

Thank you, Toni, in your own time.

Absolutely.

Spike, I just want to say big fan, by the way.

Thank you.

Thank you so much.

I didn't think- Thank you so much.

You wanted to say to Spike that you're a big fan of mine?

No, sorry.

I- yes, I'm a big fan of both of yours and- Yeah.

Sorry, Toni, wait one second.

Fred, can I talk to you for a second?

Yeah, of course, Spike.

Anything to you.

You're my assistant.

Yes, what are you doing?

Don't steal my compliment.

Okay?

I'm not a compliment, Stealer.

It seemed like she genuinely was looking at me and wanted to come up with me.

Don't pitch your- don't pitch your curb, you're enthusiasm.

Okay.

A compliment, Stealer.

Just let Toni do his thing.

Okay, just come on.

Can we please?

All right.

Yeah.

Let it go.

This is a big deal.

Toni could be- I think Toni could be this role.

She could be the- She could be the- She next She-hole.

Yeah.

No.

All right.

Toni in your own time.

We're all set.

Freddy ready?

Ready, Freddy.

That's my catchphrase.

I thought maybe I would audition with something from my spec script from Kirby Enthusiastic.

Oh, yeah.

What's yours called?

We'd love that.

The spec script?

Yeah.

The whole idea is she has to get excited enough to turn into She-hole.

Yeah.

Yeah, I thought it was poignant.

So are you going to be playing the role of Larry from your spec script or?

Yeah.

I'm going to be auditioning as Larry David to hopefully land a role in this show.

Absolutely.

The lead role.

And we believe in you.

Thank you so much for coming in.

Let's do this.

Okay, great.

Hey, don't get so excited.

All right?

Calm down.

You're going to stress everybody out.

Same.

It's seen a part of the scene, you know?

Seen.

Got it.

Very cool.

Fred, can I talk to you for a second?

Yeah, let's talk over here.

What do you say?

Can I come and talk to you guys too?

Yeah, turn it over a second.

Yeah, yeah.

Okay.

Right here in the corner.

Yeah.

Okay.

Yeah.

What's up?

What do you think?

I think Toni is really great.

Yeah.

But and?

No, I was going to say.

Oh, okay.

I was going to say, yeah.

Fix it.

I just thought he knows more cocaine.

Good.

Oh, God.

Okay.

I was really doing it.

Let's hire.

Can I say something actually?

Yes, of course.

I don't need to be a dissenting voice here, but I did not think I did well.

I didn't think I didn't think Toni was going to do it.

Was it the Larry David impression?

Because I thought that was the only...

Yeah, I don't think you hit the Larry David impression.

Yeah, let's try.

Let's try to do Larry David.

Maybe we could teach you how to do a Larry David impression.

Okay.

Oh, that's smart.

That's smart for us to do that.

Yeah.

What do you guys need to do?

I don't know that sign felt that sign felt so Larry David.

What the hell with Larry?

That's not a Larry David impression.

Okay.

And also, just Fred, can I talk to you for one second?

Yeah, can Toni come?

I'm going to...

Yeah, I'm coming to.

Toni can come.

The reason why I was so upset with you is because you were doing too much fucking cocaine before our auditions.

So the idea that you would do it right in front of the person that's auditioning...

How much cocaine do you want me to do?

Zero.

I want you to do zero amount of cocaine.

I would make you do a little.

Yeah, here.

Here.

Here's some cocaine.

Here you go.

Cocaine?

Okay, let's all do cocaine.

And let's party tonight.

What do you say?

We found our lean actress.

And we're all matching Larry David impressions.

Here we go, Ray.

Okay, in your own time.

Are you talking to me?

Because I'll do my Larry David impression.

Sure.

Sure, I'd love to hear it.

Funkhowser!

Wait a second.

Fred?

Yeah?

You're she-hulk, baby.

I got the part?

You got the part, Fred.

Congratulations.

Wow.

I'm really happy for you.

Oh, good stuff.

Tawny, you crushed it.

Yeah.

So expect more of that in Space Forts.

Coming to a theater near you probably.

Yeah, spell it.

I can't tell what you're saying.

Can you spell Space Forts?

Space Forts?

No, I don't think that's what you're saying.

Space Forts.

It almost sounds like you're someone trying to pronounce my name incorrectly.

Space Forts.

And now welcome to- Oh, welcome to Out!

May the Swartz be with you?

Comedian actors.

Space Forts.

Yeah, it sounds like me, I guess.

When Space Balls came out or Spates Balls as it's more commonly known, were you so excited when they were saying May the Swartz be with you?

Yes, I was.

I mean, of course.

Did you get a t-shirt that said it or anything like that?

No, I was a child.

You can't just get t-shirts with your child?

You can't get t-shirts when you're a child?

What do you think children bear?

No, child's mostly get t-shirts.

Yeah, but you don't buy them.

You don't buy them.

To the waist where you grew up?

Well, my mom picked out my clothes so I was like 29 years old.

Tell me about speaking of Space Sports.

What sports do they play?

What wars happen?

Is it a long time ago in a galaxy far, far away?

What are we talking?

I mean, surely we can't say anything real, right, Tony?

I mean, when does this come out?

Right before it comes out?

Yeah, of course.

This comes out- It's coming out for a moment.

I'm not scared.

What, Ben, you're scared of Netflix?

You're scared of the big corporate machine.

Okay.

What are they gonna do, huh?

They're gonna fire us.

We can talk about anything that happens in the trailer.

So, Tony, you can talk about the millisecond that you're in it.

Yeah.

And Ben, you can talk about your two half-two sentences.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

All right, I can get deeper into those two sentences.

I really respect the research Scott had to do to drag us like that.

It's the only time Scott- Watch right before the episode started.

He's ever done research because he knew it only take two and a half minutes to do research.

Yep, and you really- I mean, you prepped and you were right.

Yeah.

Yeah, no, I appear in name only in the trailer.

I'm fine with that.

I think it's because all my cool shit is too spoilery.

I do cool shit, but it's very spoilery.

Yeah, she does very, very cool shit, and it is very spoilery.

What is the show about- I gleaned some information from the approximately 150 seconds that I thought- You tell us, what do you think the show is about?

Here's what I think it's about.

Great.

Well, he's an actor and was paid probably- I would guess seven figures to be in 10 episodes of- Oh, you're talking total?

Yeah, this is what the show is about, right?

This is what it's about.

This is the plot.

This is the synopsis.

Every time he talks, you can see that just him calculating what he's going to buy with all of this money that they threw at him.

And this is a plot line?

This is a plot line.

This is just what I got from the trailer.

So you can just see it is- it's almost like those cartoons where dollar bills are in his eyes the entire time.

And then the rest of you are happy just to get the scraps, whatever is left over in the budget.

This is monetarily, of course.

Yes, of course.

Is that pretty much- Do I have it right?

You're not talking about scraps from catering.

We're not literally eating scraps.

I have no idea what you guys ate on the show.

I mean, I did hear- I will say that Ben, your stomach was rumbling in both of the lines that you gave.

I could hear it all.

You could hear it on the law of food.

Yeah, but they always mic your stomach, which I thought was weird.

Yeah.

Well, you never know what's going to happen.

You know what I mean?

Like, what's going to happen?

It's like a cool little thing.

Well, then at one point, I noticed you said your line, Ben, and then I heard like a little poo- And then you said, excuse me, and I was like, why would they put that in a trailer?

It's so strange.

They thought it was funny, farts and stuff were funny.

And so I have so just to keep you updated, I got seven mics on me at all time.

We got a butthole, belly button, pee hole, two ears, two nose.

And then for me, the comedy doesn't come from the word as much as it comes from the sounds of my character.

It's interesting that our boom op and that our mic dude- mic'd both of your noses.

Yeah, both my nostrils.

Because you could capture it pretty well with just one mic, but is one level in one base?

At TV, it's epsom?

Yeah, there's one DVD to it's epsom, so one's a real high pitch, the other one's a real bouncy boof or boof and all about that bass, am I right, my friend?

Whoa, dude, that's a song.

That's a relatively recent reference.

And so for a 29 year old to still be that connected to pop culture, I mean, you got to give it up for me.

So all right, this is last chance before we go to a break.

Sell me on Spatesports.

Wait, let's do it for real, Tony, let's do it for real, because he's going to do a terrible job plugging it in the next thing.

Well, and now I'm nervous.

I don't know how to do anything for real.

What do we do for real?

Spatesports.

Do we talk about all the good people on it?

Yeah, we're talking about people that are not.

Yeah.

Spatesports is Steve Crawl, John Malkovich, Don Lake, Tony Newsom, Jimmy O'Yang, me, a bunch of incredibly funny people.

Don Lake, by the way, is one of the funniest human beings on planet Earth.

The revolves around the newest military branch called the Space Force and Steve Crawl Netflix and Greg Daniels thought of the idea when they announced it like a year ago.

So it's been very weird that it's all coming out like right now, the real Space Force, while like scenes of Tony dressed in a Space Force outfit, is like walking around.

It's crazy.

Yeah.

It's very weird.

Remember when Netflix would send you DVDs?

Oh, remember Lily Hammer?

All right, we're running at a time.

Me some, but I don't send them back.

We have to go to a break.

When we come back, oh, this is exciting.

We'll have someone from marketing and coming up a little later, we'll have some people in custodial services.

We'll be right back with more comedy bang, bang after this.

Comedy bang, bang, we are back here.

We have Tony Newsom of Space Force and Ben's Forts of Space Force.

And we are just about to get to our next guest.

Are you guys excited to talk to someone from the world of marketing?

Wow.

I mean, it's got to be better than it's been, right?

Yeah.

It's just better.

Just the conversation general for you.

I just mean like, no, just this didn't go exactly the way I thought it would.

How did it went?

I guess it was going to go.

I thought because you are my friend and you knew that like this was going to be one of my first like big press things that because of the nature of the world, we haven't gotten to do it.

I haven't gotten the red carpet experience.

I thought maybe you were going to dress up a little bit.

May I say something, Scott?

Yeah, what's the- Tony is, Tony's unbelievable in the show, both dramatically and comedically.

She really shows that she can carry scenes.

Both sides of the theater masks, huh?

Yeah.

And I think that you should show her a little goddamn respect.

That's what I think.

I'm just, Ben Sports.

That's very nice of you.

I just think- Short.

Are you kidding me?

Thank you for being such a constant friend.

I miss Ben Sports.

You've been watching the last dance?

Not a lot of things lately.

You've never once said anything nice to me in private in my entire career.

What are the things I've said to you in private?

List them.

They're all jokey things.

Hey, I'm going to fart into your hand.

Hey, what's up, man?

Watch me fart into your mouth.

Hey, dude.

Go open up those eyes.

Here comes some gas.

I'm gassy.

Watch me fart into your mouth.

Yeah, dude.

I've done a bunch of things and you haven't said one nice thing.

Are you guys saying I'm a bad friend?

Is that what this is coming to?

Is that what this podcast is all about?

Is this some sort of intervention?

I didn't want to put it like that.

It's clear you got dollar signs dancing in front of your eyes like little sugar plums.

And I just, I wanted instead, I don't know, I wanted a human moment.

I wanted you to say wow.

This is a Space Force themed and sponsored podcast.

You're too competitive, dude.

You're too competitive.

Space Force.

Your all of your mind is just on competition.

You don't think about anything.

You just want to be the best.

You're the Michael Jordan of podcasting and it's terrible.

Space Sports offered me.

Space Force.

Offered me $2,000 to talk to you guys.

What?

A word?

Yes.

I'm trying to say as many words as possible.

Wow.

But the thing is, is I can't repeat any.

So if you'll notice, if you listen to this back, I have not repeated a single word.

Said you, that's why I said you repeated the total sentences repeated.

What?

Fuck.

It's the first time we...

The deal's off now.

Does that mean they cancel them out and you don't get them out?

Yes, I'm not getting paid now.

Thanks a lot, guys.

Scott, if we don't get a second season because you're goddamn terrible work on this show, I'm sorry, look, everyone listen to Space Force, the podcast, the podcast.

Watch Space Force, the Netflix show, keep going.

I'm helping you.

It's a show.

Did you film it in Florida?

No, why would we film it in Florida?

I don't know!

I'm looking for things to talk to.

You about this.

Everyone's here.

You're looking for things to talk to?

Turn around to that big pile of cash behind you, brother.

Jesus, I can't believe you sit on it.

You're the modern day Scrooge McDuck.

I'm like that guy in Lord of the Rings who has the gold fever.

Oh, that's a great transition to the marketing person that's coming in the room.

Oh, that's right.

Yes.

Have you ever had anything that you guys wanted marketed?

What we're doing now?

This showed it.

Okay, well, we'll get some tips from him on how you can do this better.

Thank you.

He is, of course, in marketing and some have called him a marketing genius.

I was told to read that or read that.

Oh, is that how you pronounce that?

Read that?

That line is in there.

I was told to read that.

I pronounced it.

I was told to read that.

This is insane.

This episode is insane.

You're stumbling over yourself like a drug weirdo.

Look at you.

Like a person that has...

It's in the tree in the afternoon.

What do you think?

My day is almost over.

We look around in the chair like a child.

It's 245.

You're acting like a father that has seven kids at just homeschooled for months.

You're ever doing a damn thing outside of watching yourself on the TV show on Netflix.

But please welcome him.

He, first time on the show, Seth Berkowitz is here.

Hello, Seth.

Hey, how you doing?

Second time on the show.

Sorry, I didn't leave an impression the first time.

Oh, wait.

You've been on the show before?

I was on here to talk movie pass.

I used to do marketing for movie pass.

Oh, I remember you.

But back again, I'm in a new line of work.

Happy to be in here.

Wait, you're still in marketing?

But movie pass unfortunately went bankrupt no fault of my own.

Well, it was your job at movie pass.

I'm sorry.

You said it was no fault to you, but it sounded like you were the marketing.

Marked me out in the word out making sure people were on.

Yeah, your catchphrase or not catchphrase, but your sort of marketing phrase was movie pass.

It's back and better than ever, as I recall.

Movie pass is back and better than ever.

Great memory.

And I've moved on from that.

But wait, what I'm trying to say is it was not back and it was not better than ever.

Okay, well, we'll let the market decide on that one.

It did.

Okay, well, time will tell.

You know, I have moved on.

It did.

The whole thing is gone.

You run it into the ground with your stupid catchphrase.

A lot of things ran into the ground.

You know, people aren't at the time.

People weren't seeing movies anymore.

They're not seeing movies now.

Like it would be even worse now.

Well, you know, that's what they told me when I pitched to bring movie pass back right now.

I feel like now it's the ideal time to bring it back.

The market is dry.

It's a perfect time.

People want to see movies.

People are in their couches and they're saying, I wish I was in a theater seeing them.

Three movies a month for the price of $20 total.

And what did movie pass say to you when you said that you wanted to bring it back?

They said it was a terrible idea.

It was my fault.

They weren't bankrupt.

No fault to my own.

And they fight or they assured me.

I'm like it was your fault.

Well, okay.

To be fair, movie pass was having some issues before you came on board the team.

Is that right?

You say issues.

Yes.

Holy moly.

Have you seen the latest issue of United States weekly?

No.

That's what the US is for.

Yeah.

What did you think it was?

I thought it was like the plural of like we're hanging out.

It's us weekly.

It's you know, us in the world.

Do you also think the plural of hanging out is us?

The plural of hanging out is us.

Yeah.

That's wrong.

I believe it's hanging out.

So but it was having some troubles before you got on board, but it's done and dusted now.

It is out of the, you know, it's no longer your concern.

What are you working on now?

Well, I'm working with zoom now and I'm here to tell you it's okay to use zoom.

Don't worry, baby.

Wait.

What do you mean don't?

Don't worry, baby.

There was some, there was some talk about zoom being a little bit.

There was some issues.

There were some issues with zoom and being some issues with privacy and people were, you know, bombing other people's zooms.

They were watching other people and I'm here to tell you it's all good, baby.

So a baby is baby at the end of all your tags?

Just so I know.

No, back and better than ever didn't have a baby.

That was no fault of my own.

I wanted the baby and they crashed that and posted that and posted it.

It sounds a little naked without the baby.

Back and forth.

That's a whole different thing.

I mean, naked babies, if you want to talk that, one of the greatest group of five men doing improv.

That's true.

That's Rob Cordries.

I can't believe you know about naked babies.

Yeah, I know about naked babies.

You can me Rob Cordries, Seth Mudd, Ryan, Husky, and John and Brian Husky.

This is good for the audience.

I mean, if you want to see some of the most brilliant minds doing a form of improv that no one else can pull off.

See how do you know so much about, yeah, I was going to say, aren't you a marketing guy for Zoom, baby?

Well, you know, we had some thank you for using the baby.

Well, I've had improv workshops.

That's what she says.

Oh, I love that Scott.

A hashtag.

I love that Scott if you love that.

Okay.

And do it right.

It's Scott Ockerman.

Oh, but yeah.

How do I know about improv?

A lot of corporate workshops receive a lot of corporate workshops.

Yeah, when you say you do a lot of meaning that you schedule them, you book them.

I happened to work at a lot of companies who for some reason have a lot of team building issues.

And so they'll bring in different improv and stuff.

And why are you the marketing person hired to then hire other people?

Why are you a middleman?

I offer my services for anything, you know, I've got the free time.

I'm great at email and fantastic at email.

Well, give us an example of some of your emails.

Like say you were emailing Toni here.

What would you, what would you say to her?

Hey, Toni, just wanted to circle back about Zoom.

It's all good, baby.

You go for it.

I'm sorry.

Wait, what's my, what's my email address?

Can you share with my email address?

Toni, what are you doing?

Oh, I just want to make sure he knows it.

I'm guessing it's Toni, Toni Funny Girl at gmail.com.

That's right.

My favorite movie is Funny Girl.

Oh, and yeah.

Yeah, I was going to say it sounded a little braggy, but no, it's just your.

It's not a claim about yourself.

Yeah, no, I love early Streisand.

I love it.

Hey, I'm not going to say something because you've seen so many improv workshops.

Something that Toni and I do quite a bit of improv and some that Toni and I do quite a bit of is say baby at the end of sentences.

That's not even a bit both in real life and what like Toni said baby three times.

My worry is that you saw us do improv or one of our workshops and you're stealing our bits.

You stole our bit.

Yeah.

Oh, because that is one of my best bits.

Just like as a professional comedian is saying baby.

It seems like there are a lot of people who say baby.

So much so that one of my catchphrases is oh, you say baby too.

See, so like that is don't you think that you can't really market it like this.

So just take me through that.

So well, that's zeitgeist, baby.

I mean, whatever is happening there.

I don't know if I've done a workshop or seen y'all do shows, but once it's out there, I did used to do that job though.

I used to teach that for the second city, we would tour around and we would meet with you know, career builder or a quint or whatever and we would do workshops for them.

So maybe you were in one of mine and I just didn't really leave an impression.

Okay.

Did you work with?

What would I work for?

I did pets.com and in the early 2000s.

Were you ever there?

Yep.

What was that?

Petz.com.

We'll keep them alive for you, dude.

Okay.

So that was coming in the 90s when people were saying doodle.

I don't know that I've ever considered the act of shopping at a pet store really equivocal to keeping your dogs alive.

I mean, that's like, yeah, was that a catchphrase for pet meds.com?

Because that sounds good.

Pet medication.

Oh, it's the whole thing.

You know, for me, I want to know if I'm bringing my pet into a store, they're not going to kill my pet.

That's the first one.

Oh, wait.

You bring the pet to the store, they're not going to summarily execute them.

Right.

Or give you bad food or toys that are poisoned or anything like that.

Okay.

Wow.

That's a good point.

That's good.

Now that you spell it out, I get it.

Yeah.

Seems like you would stay on that sort of tack for your new job with Zoom, you know, like hey, logging on to Zoom is not going to electrocute you, dude or baby, whatever you want to say.

That's a great pitch and I'll bring it to them because I could roll through.

I love just give every Winston while.

In the instant while switching catch phrases throughout a year.

I don't like to stick to one catch phrase.

I'm out.

Oh, yeah.

How many do you like to do for you?

You like to do McDonald's.

You know, it depends.

Once a month is good or whenever you get tired of one, you know, you're doing a new one.

Yeah.

However, many once a month is what I would say.

Can you knock off the other 11 you had for a Zoom real quick?

Oh, we got you.

Okay.

Zoom.

Now I'll keep counting.

If you're dyslexic, you'd call it moves.

That's one of them.

Let's see.

Zoom.

Zoom hands for cameras or looking closer at things anymore.

So you're trying to say that it's that you want people to use it, not just cameras?

Yes, zooming and whatnot.

Okay.

So you're afraid that the cameras are going to be zooming themselves and chatting about like what their specs are or whatever.

Okay.

So that's the next one.

Zoom.

Please cameras.

This is for humans now.

Okay.

That's three to eight more.

So it initially was for cameras.

So it was a problem that the cameras were getting together and having Zoom hangs without us.

So I had one when I was pitching these and so I wanted to communicate it both to the camera.

Okay.

So these were not concerns the company had.

These were just in your mind thing that you were worried about.

The best marketer anticipates a problem and solves it before it's happening.

Seven more.

Sorry.

Seven more.

Yeah.

Zoom.

It's not the thing that you use to pick up audio sometimes when you're recording on set or a podcast.

It's a different type of Zoom.

That's a long tagline.

So where would that appear just so I know?

They had the same note.

I mean, wherever.

Now you open the website and it says it or six more, six more, sorry, six more.

Okay.

Zoom.

Swish some of the letters around and change one and now you got Osma.

Weezer cover band seems like your moves one seems a lot like your moves one.

I wouldn't call Osma Weezer cover band.

Not to pick knits as much as they were inspired by them and install their style.

Didn't they begin as a Weezer cover band or maybe?

But I mean, you can't just we all began as a baby and I wouldn't say, Hey, here's Seth, that baby.

I know.

It's got I guess you do say baby too.

Yeah, it's a good point.

What are we at?

Tony, we have six more.

I believe we have six more.

We got six more.

Okay.

I remember one of them wasn't one of them.

Zoom.

It's not that zoom and it's not zoom either.

Very good.

Yes.

Oh, wow.

Yeah, it's not that zoom and that one confused me.

Thank you, Tony.

But it but it was ultimately very helpful because I did get it confused for the zoom that I still had and used.

Have you accidentally zoomed when you were supposed to zoom?

Yeah, I was supposed to have a meeting with a big studio head, just a big, just really like a fame, a fame maker.

And instead what I did was I played a matchbox 20 CD.

Which one?

My zoom.

Oh, the one, you know, the one.

Yeah, we all know that one.

We know it.

Yeah, everything.

I feel lonely.

Yeah, baby lonely.

That one?

Yeah.

Rob Thomas, the Wendy's guy.

It's amazing.

The only zoom one I remember was during Y2K where he said, never mind zoom, never mind it is for cameras.

The robots are taking over now.

Yeah, that was a panic.

That was a panic one where I was.

That was just a panic bitch.

Yeah.

Why don't you know, speaking of that guy, Rob Thomas doing that song, why don't why don't more songwriters use military time when they're singing lyrics?

You know, like, you know, he wasn't.

They could have been three AM.

No, I'm just saying like, you know, you never hear any songs where people are like, it's 20 to 30.

22 30.

Fettiwap 1738.

Okay.

That's a relatively recent song I referenced.

All right.

I believe the second trigger a album was titled 1459.

That's true.

But that was more talking about Andy Warhol's 15 minutes of fame theory and how many minutes had elapsed, not the actual time of two 59 in the afternoon.

By the way, that would have been great.

Right?

14 o'clock 15 o'clock, so teen o'clock rock.

You're like, I'm going to rock around the rack.

The rock.

Yeah.

All right.

We have about three more.

No, about let's cut it to four.

Yeah.

Zoom pitches.

Okay.

Zoom.

It's perfect if you like conversation, but you have to be in the same place all the time and feel a lot of pressure.

Cut them down.

Yeah.

Edit three more edit.

Just thrilled.

Zoom.

You could use it if you're a pervert.

Two.

Okay.

That's the only one that appeals to me at this point.

Zoom.

Uh, uh, almost sounds like young.

Are the other part of it, by the way, or are these in the actual catchphrase?

I learned an improv that people like the naturalness of a pitch, you know, they don't want everything to be super polished.

The ideal pitch people leave afterwards and they say, you didn't work on that at all before, did you?

So when you say you learned from improv, you didn't take improv.

You just watched approximately three seminars.

I watched, I watched the seminars.

I've never participated.

I've seen naked babies twice.

They haven't performed in years.

When I was in New York, they just stopped performing.

Yeah, I guess, uh, you know, we must have been at the same shows maybe.

I don't even know.

Were you ever a one where a guy was yelling suggestions as the improv was happening, the organic improv?

Almost every show that's literally almost every show of improv.

Wait, is that you actually doing that?

Have you ever heard of that guy?

I'm a young suggestion.

That's me.

Okay.

So you've been at a lot of shows that I've seen.

Yeah, you've seen a lot of shows because I have a question for you.

I've always wondered, does this guy, do you think that it's still, we're still taking suggestions or are you just like, no, no, no, go back.

This is the one I wanted.

Like what's going on in your head?

I think it's helpful.

I think, you know, you always want something in your back pocket and the performer always wants the audience to participate a little bit, you know?

Sure.

I can't believe I'm going to ask this because I'm afraid what's going to happen.

But I heard that you have 11 favorite suggestions.

You like to suggest to the improvisers?

Yeah.

You do.

Well, you only have two more of the zoom and then maybe you get to those 11 suggestions.

Yeah.

So 13 more things that you have to say.

Two zooms and 11 suggestions.

Great.

If you got time, I mean, the first thing I do want to push is the reason I'm here is zoom.

It's okay.

Go ahead.

It's fine, baby.

Don't worry about it, baby.

You got one more.

It got longer.

No, that's not it.

That's the current suggestion.

That's the current one.

You still have two more to go.

Yeah.

Zoom.

A perfect place to look at yourself and your friends at the same time.

That's a good, that's actually a good pitch.

That's good.

I mean, it sounds like something at least.

I didn't love it.

You didn't know what didn't you like about it?

It just didn't hit for me.

It didn't have like a tag to it, you know?

Well, what if you put baby at the end?

That would have been helpful.

Well, let's hear it.

I had you with it.

Try it with a baby.

Do you remember what you said?

Zoom.

A perfect place to look at yourself and look at your friends, baby.

Oh, yeah.

Oh, you haven't written down.

I didn't know you were reading off something.

Were you prepared for us to ask you for 13 of these?

I carry these catch phrases like they're pictures of my children.

I keep them in my wallet.

I keep them.

And how many children do you have?

Seven.

Let's list off their names as well.

Let's list their names real quick.

So you got to give us- I'm going to get their catch phrases, please.

Yeah, please.

So this way you got left.

One more of these catch phrases.

One more can 11 suggestions.

Seven kids' names and seven.

What was it, Tony?

I apologize.

The catch phrases of the children as well.

And I'd like to thank you Ben Sports.

Thank you for keeping sports.

Yeah, thank you.

Of course.

Wait till all the children have catch phrases like they're erkel?

I mean, I don't- Okay.

Are you my mom?

I don't choose my kids' catch phrase.

Are you my mom, I think, was a little derivative my kid was watching dinosaurs and he was kind of going for something and that's cute.

Not the mama.

That's cute.

Well, give us your last- just so we can get them out of the way.

Your last Zoom one.

Last Zoom, sure.

Last Zoom, bitch.

Let's see.

Zoom.

I'm loving it.

It's Emma.

Oh my God.

Also, all of them started with Zoom.

So every one of your pitches started with Zoom, period, and then a sentence.

So like nothing is really different from one to one.

Most catch phrases like, you know, business catch phrases like say, you know, it's not Wendy's.

Where's the beef?

We all know what where's the beef is.

We all know it refers to Wendy's.

I did not know it was Wendy's.

I didn't know what it was.

Really?

Yes.

What did you keep marketing and you don't know one of the most popular marketing phrases of all time?

The most iconic campaign.

I also- If I learn about that one either- Toni, you don't know where's the beef?

I mean, I've heard it, but I assumed it was from something old timey, like a Bob's Big Boys or, I don't know, have you heard the 50s?

Toni, have you heard of ba-ba-ba-ba-ba?

I'm loving it.

Where's that from?

Yeah, that's Sweet Caroline.

Sweet Caroline.

Did the song play the every Chicago baseball game?

Oh my God.

Yeah.

There was a period where songs had their own catch phrases.

Yeah.

So that- Yeah.

Remember, Can't Buy Me Love, the catch phrase for that?

I mean, what's the tag line to it?

The Beatles have a new one and you're going to love it.

Ba-ba-ba-ba.

Okay.

All right, and so now we've got seven kids and we have 11 suggestions, whatever you want to tackle first.

And seven catch phrases for the kids.

Let's do the suggestions first.

Let's do them rapid-fire.

Tell them when you're ready.

You can do the catch phrases for the kids along with the kids' names as well.

Okay, that's good.

So this is what we need.

We need a suggestion, take a breath with the kids' name, take a breath, their catch phrase.

So now you need to do- Okay.

Let's do those in a row.

Okay, great.

And then once we run out of kids' and catch phrases, then we'll do the last four improv suggestions just in a row.

Yeah.

Great.

Okay.

A scene in a firehouse.

Great.

Stop, stop.

You go to a show that like, Tawny or I do.

And when we say, can we get a suggestion or can we talk to you about something in your life you say?

A scene in a firehouse.

So like if they were to say, hey, we need a location, that makes sense.

But what if they were to say, hey, we need- But we never say that.

We need something you ate today.

Yeah, something you ate today.

Oh, okay.

Well, I'd have to move on to my second suggestion.

Well, you better tell us a kid's name in their catch phrase before you do that.

Yeah.

Okay.

Kids' name, David, no relation Berkowitz.

Oh, that's right.

Your brother was the son of Sam?

No, no, not exactly.

We're only related by blood.

We're blood relatives.

Yeah, that's brother.

That's what a brother is.

What a brother.

But no, it's Seth Berkowitz, no relation.com is my marketing.

And I- Is it no relation.com or Seth Berkowitz, no relation?

Seth Berkowitz, no relation.com is one of my domains.

Okay.

So you named your kid after your brother who was this murderer?

Well, you know, as a- in the Jewish religion- As a joke?

As a joke.

Okay, the Jewish religion.

As a Jewish- Yeah, the Jewish religion is not a joke, by the way, isn't that- No, of course not.

Very serious.

We're sponsored by them as well.

So I wanted to give it- By Judaism.

Yeah.

Oh, yeah.

What's the catch phrase of that kid?

I'm not related to the son of Sam.

Okay.

Next one, please.

Suggestion.

Good one.

Yeah.

And this is when we said, name something we'll have for lunch.

I'll- I'll name something you'll have for lunch.

Yeah.

Dinner.

Okay.

What's your kid's name?

Your fucking idiot.

What's your cousin?

You are that guy in the audience.

100%.

Bernice.

Yeah, yeah.

Bernice is catch phrase.

My brother is not related to David Berkowitz nor is my father.

Hey, Scott, I don't think I can do 11 of these.

I don't think I can do 11 of these.

I got a bail.

I'm really running.

I just thought you called for it.

You asked for it.

Just email them, by the way.

It's just hard to hear someone's score so hard, so often.

It's just like wearing me out.

The Wing Gretzky of catch phrase is over here.

It's like no one wants to go see Michael Jordan, you know, in a game.

I almost said episode, by the way.

Is that what they call individual basketball?

Oh, no.

You know, I don't want to see an episode where he scores 80 points.

The one where he scores 80 points.

Friends episode.

One where the gang all plays defense.

Look, I'm afraid we're running out of time.

Seth Berkowitz.

What wasted the time?

Tell me what could have possibly wasted the time.

Yeah, did you get to what you wanted to get to?

By the way, I know you came on here for a reason.

I just want to let everyone know that Zoom, it's all good, baby.

Zoom, Skype stinks, FaceTime for Fuggles.

Google Hangout.

FaceTime is for Fuggles.

Google Hangout is no good, double hangout.

God, you're bad.

You're bad at your job, man.

I'm so sorry.

Please don't say that on the air.

I have to.

Where do you want him to say this?

Where do you want me to say it on Twitter?

Do you want me to say it where?

How's your reach?

Okay, we have to take a break.

When we come back, this is exciting.

We have a couple of people in the custodial services.

I know Ben and Tawny, you have to go, but Seth, can you stick around?

Yeah, go around.

I'd love to.

Yeah, please.

Thanks for having us, Scott.

Yeah, we'll see you next time.

Watch the show.

Please watch the show.

Okay, but we'll be right back with two entirely different people.

We'll be right back with more comedy bang bang after this.

Comedy bang bang, we are back here.

Tawny, Newsome, and Smart Swartz had to go, and they're from Swartz Swartz, and that comes out this Friday.

But Seth Berkowitz is here, no relation of Seth Berkowitz.

Good to be here.

No relation.

And how do people hire you, by the way?

They go to my website and they can email me, and then they pay me a certain amount of her job.

No, we know how jobs work.

I wanted you to have the opportunity to give some people some tips regarding how they could contact you and all that kind of thing.

Seth Berkowitz, no relation at David Berkowitz.com.

Wait, it's at David Berkowitz.com?

Well, I found that website was getting a lot of hits, and so I decided to move all of my stuff to that.

I took it over as the last remaining blood relative, no relation to David Berkowitz.

Okay.

All right, well, we have a couple of wonderful new guests.

Do you ever make a mess, Seth Berkowitz?

Oh, yeah.

Well, these people are in the business of cleaning up messes.

I don't know whether they would clean up your messes or my messes or someone else's, but they work in sanitation.

Please welcome to the show Genevieve and Genzer Smarts.

Hello, guys.

Hey, what's going on?

Hey, what's going on, everybody?

How are you?

Hey, what is going on?

What is going on?

I'm happy to be here.

Great question.

Oh, not much.

Not much, no.

It's good times.

I can't complain.

You're really, you can't.

No, I tried, and I have the opposite liar, liar disease.

Oh, wow.

He can play.

I love the Fonzi when it comes to saying he was wrong when it comes to complaining.

Mm hmm.

Watch this.

Watch this, real liar.

I'm going to knock over your coffee.

Boom.

What are you going to do?

I'm going to go, oh, I wish you would do that again.

I love it.

I love it and I love her.

So, um, you guys are in sanitation.

What?

The sanitation is this embarrassing stuff.

Animal, animal, sanitation.

I mean, you got to be really specific, right?

Theresophisticities, the soul of women, or other.

Sanimal or animation.

How would you say that if it were a portmento regarding animal and sanitation?

Portman.

Is it clumsy or not?

It's fairly clumsy, yeah.

Then I think, I think sand, I think sandal.

Sandal, I think that's the clumsy.

Okay.

Sandal, maybe something like that.

What does that mean you're an animal sanitation?

I don't exactly.

That's impossible.

Have you never been to a zoo before, my friend?

Have I ever been to a zoo before?

Of course I've been to it.

Who amongst us has not been to a zoo?

Seth, I can only imagine you've been to several zoos in your lifetime.

Uh, yeah, I, I, I go to zoos a lot.

I, I, I do.

I'd like to, um, talk to the animals and, you know, it's like.

Do they ever talk back?

No, that, that's something that happened more to my brother than myself.

No, it was your brother, Dr. Do Little or, oh no, that's right.

I wish.

And that dog on the subway.

There was more whimsy in my brother's interactions with animals.

I wish there was more whimsy in that last Dr. Do Little movie.

Oh, I, whoa, Scott, you were asked to punch that up.

I know you were asked to punch that up.

I didn't do a good job.

You did a terrible job.

Um, but yes, I've been to zoos.

You've been to zoos.

I find there, they're usually they smell great other than the flamingo area.

And they're very cool.

Thank you.

Jens, or have you know what punch up is?

Oh, punch up because my brother used to write for different movies and stuff like that.

But you just be the punch up.

Who's your brother?

Gag, man.

Huh?

Who's your brother?

What?

Who is your brother?

This is classic habit.

You still are right here.

Uh, who a third base.

Anyway, so we clean up the cages and stuff.

And let me tell you, so animals make a lot of, um, happiness for anyone who comes to the zoo to look.

Sorry.

I was taking a breath.

Don't interrupt me.

Animals make a lot of poop and there have to be two heroes to clean up the poop.

Yeah.

There always has to be two.

This is a two person job.

You don't want to be the only person with a fist full of dung.

You want to have someone you can lock eyes with and say, aren't, isn't this a blessing?

Absolutely.

You got to be able to share your blessings.

Okay.

Get your bees, everybody.

You both have the last name.

Are you related?

Are you married?

Are you not related?

Are you not married?

Those are the four choices I will accept.

No other choice.

Mm.

People ask us, oh, we don't like to talk about our personal life.

I know.

Why are people obsessed with your status?

I don't think so.

Like, yes.

But I mean, that is the very purpose of names of someone's name.

Oh my God.

If I, if someone were to come up to me and say, hi, my name is, you know, Mr.

Cloverfield and this is Mrs. Cloverfield.

The natural follow up question would be, oh, are you married?

Are you hit that?

It's 2020.

You would never say are you hitting that on the regs regardless.

Let me ask you a question.

Have you never met two people with the same last name?

Have you ever met Reggie Jackson and Jesse Jackson?

Mm.

Great example.

That is a great example.

I wish that there were some sort of opportunity for me to meet both of them at the exact same time.

Have you ever met Reggie Miller and Tim Miller, the director of Deadpool?

Deadpool.

No, they travel on separate planes.

So if one of them dies, the other one is still able to do the other person's duties.

Have you ever met Steven Miller and Arthur Miller?

Great one.

Yes, to both.

Have you ever met Seth Berkowitz and David Burke?

No relation.

So this is a good example.

This is a prime example.

So but you guys have a unique New York last name, smarts, almost like that show that's coming out this Friday, Space Smart.

And it leads me to wonder if you guys are married or related, you know, the questions I asked before.

You know who doesn't ask these sorts of questions to the animals and that's why we've spent our lives dedicating them to spending time around.

You know, creatures that don't ask us tedious questions that aren't trying to categorize us.

Frankly, they let us live.

It's 2020.

So did you?

Tigers don't want to know if you're married or siblings.

Did you get into this business because one person asked if you guys were married and you immediately shrieked and ran off to you?

100% correct.

Absolutely.

We were walking down the street getting hug and does.

Just the other day.

Yeah, yesterday, we were walking down the street to get hug and does.

It's not pretty.

You didn't know, right?

Well, I said, Hey, pretty lady.

And they said it's 2020.

I go, of course, apologies.

And then someone said, your names, can we see your IDs for this ice cream?

We said, sure, of course.

IDs for the ice cream.

Yeah.

Yeah, it's COVID times.

They're carding for ice cream.

Oh, that makes sense to see if you have the anti bodies.

We showed them the IDs and they said, are you guys related?

And I will never forget what happened.

I threw my hands up in the air.

The ice cream.

Did you wave it?

Yeah.

And I like, I just don't care.

Nice.

And I said, you know what, we cannot do this anymore.

Wow.

And then you just ran to the nearest zoo or the furthest zoo.

Farthest.

We ran as far as we could.

And it was insane because we were out of gas.

Holy shmole.

Out of breath, out of gas, out of time and money.

OK, so we also were really dip and low on sugar because we did not eat the ice cream.

We threw it.

Yeah, exactly.

Which zoo did you eventually?

Yeah, it was.

So we were like headed.

Which zoo did you eventually end up at?

Bronx.

Bronx Zoo.

Oh, OK.

Bronx Zoo.

Yeah, it's beautiful zoo.

It's gorgeous zoo.

You know, by the way, just a coincidence and I'll shut up about after this.

Your previous guest bench sports actually did work at the Bronx Zoo.

That's a real thing.

But keep, let's keep going.

How do you know, is that just because his picture is put up on the wall?

Huge fan of his bajillion dollar.

Did they retire his number?

Brian Gull and Drew Darver.

Yeah, they retired his number up there.

The amount of scoops.

Anyway, we went to the Bronx Zoo and now I can get into real specifics.

Hey, they retired the number of scoops he had on that ice cream which caused him to run to the Bronx Zoo.

Had to.

Anyway, so we started, we said, please, we need work, we need money, we're low on sugar.

We just don't want to be asked any questions by any animal.

We were talking to the orangutan 100%.

We didn't, we weren't talking about man.

We asked the orangutan if we could work for him.

So, but I guess my question is, is, do you work during the day, first of all, what are your hours?

Please answer in military time.

Oh, yeah.

We work from 10,000 hours to 13,000 hours usually.

I'm 10 to 13,000.

We usually play in there.

Yeah.

But we have a lot of work to do.

You may be like, that's a lot of time.

We have a lot of work to do.

We're cleaning all the cages.

We're talking to the animals.

We're talking to ourselves.

If we weren't so private, we would tell you the dirty things we say to each other.

Yeah, we say such filthy, just nasty, disgusting.

You guys are just like talking dirty to each other the whole time, like almost like, you know, most of the animals, because the animals don't judge.

I don't know if you heard smarts other idea that the animals don't judge.

Yeah, they don't judge.

Yeah.

So, so you guys are.

They let us be like clearly you're bristling at the idea of two co-workers speaking dirty to them.

Why don't you even know your relationship?

If you're married, I think it's okay.

Well, why don't you ask us how the names are spelled?

You haven't even asked do we have the same spelling of the last name.

Okay, what is the spelling of your last name or names?

Spill the same.

Okay, let's spell the same.

SMA RTZ.

Okay, so if you guys are in a relationship or dating and have cleared it with HR, I think it's okay that you're talking dirty to each other.

But if you and if your brother and sister, I think it's not out of here.

Stop asking about our relationship.

Okay.

I know.

Why are you trying to get behind the closed door of our bedroom where we share one twin bed?

One tiny twins.

You guys are definitely married.

I know.

Stop right.

By the way, I don't talk about you and your wife.

Why are you doing this?

What would you say about my wife if she were here right now?

I would say, oh, hey, you fordawp.

Wait, is that the kind of thing that you're saying to a Genevieve over here?

Genevieve, I get fucking filthy with.

Shut your mouth, Sky.

You couldn't handle the field.

It's just like a slop bucket.

Like if words were just a bucket of slop.

You have a tiny twin bed with two goddamn slop buckets and others.

I just in case we get nasty Miss Jackson if you are.

Oh, yeah.

Have you ever met Janet Jackson and Jesse Jackson?

I wish people the rest of the ladies.

Reggie Jackson, Janet Jackson, Michael J. I'll take any and all comers.

None of them are married.

So I don't see why this is so hard for you to understand.

Yeah, I guess so.

Frankly.

I just, I wonder how many hours of the day is you guys just like talking dirty to each other and not actually doing any of your responsibilities.

You think we can't multitask?

You're insane.

You just think we're lazy pieces of shit.

You just met us.

And I think we are fucking trash buckets.

Not necessarily any asshole dick.

Yeah, I mean, yeah, dick holes.

Yeah, I do.

Yeah, yeah.

To be fair, I listened to the show and Scott does ask every guest how many hours of the day they spend talking dirty.

Oh, okay.

Well, we didn't know that.

It's usually my first credit.

I didn't know that.

I was wondering where we went and was coming.

Yeah, I'm sorry, Seth.

I forgot to ask you in our last segment.

How many hours of the day do you spend talking dirty?

How many to your kids?

I do not talk dirty to my kids.

You're like, can you name a couple of your kids?

Yeah, name a few of your kids.

Just one of your kids and one of their catch phrases.

Georgina Foreman.

How do they all have different last names?

Well, it's the middle name.

Every kid needs a middle name.

So you can.

Georgina Foreman.

Georgina Foreman Berkowitz.

And her catch phrase is, let's see.

Oh, let's see.

You're looking at your phone?

No, that's her catch phrase.

She's kind of always solving mysteries or.

It's like a cyclopedia phone.

So your other kids say like, oh, Georgina, oh, let's see.

Georgina is solving a mystery.

Yes, exactly.

Yeah.

Okay, that makes sense.

So we clean up the shit and then make sure that the zoo is nice.

So when the people come.

Are you constantly yawning when you talk because it sounds like a lot of everything you say is in your throat.

I'm trying to determine if I'm having.

A lot of trouble sleeping in this twin bed that we share because it's just a lot of activity and kind of activity.

What kind of activity are we talking about?

Shut your fucking mouth, Scott.

Get out of our private life.

Why are you in our business?

Anyway, we clean up the feces and also we go to the aquatic life.

We go to the bats, guano, it's called.

We go to the different things, the llamas, the sheep.

You know, one time I was actually working in the one of the zoos for real and the things that I had to tell the people that go for the petting zoo is not to put their hands on the railing because the rams and the sheep would try to nail all their fingers at the Bronx Zoo.

That's a real story.

Well, then they're funny.

The railing shouldn't be there then.

Who the fuck do you think you are?

Do you want to run the zoo?

Do you want to be the president of the fucking town?

Are you the hunter?

I couldn't do a worse job of it than whoever is running the Bronx Zoo right now.

Hiring a couple of dirty talking weirdos.

I'll get the orangutan we interviewed with and see if there's an opening.

Are you guys even a fucking asshole?

You get paid?

Are you even allowed there?

All you've done is talk to an orangutan or are you just...

Says the podcaster?

Do you get paid?

Excuse me sir.

I was paid to show up with a mom and a boyfriend.

Two thousand dollars.

A word until I started repeating them accidentally.

And now I owe Spatesports thousands and thousands of dollars.

So don't talk to me about getting paid.

Um, yes, we clean up all the shit.

Yeah, you keep saying you clean up all the shit.

There's gotta be something more interesting about your job, your lives, than just the fact that you clean up shit.

Hmm.

I mean, I guess I never thought of it like that.

We said we clean.

Do we say we clean up?

Do you keep saying you clean up shit?

Yes.

The cleaning up the shit is well-trawled territory at this point.

We're homeless.

And the dirty talk.

We gave you the dirty talk.

What did you say?

Genzer, you're homeless.

If you follow the story, our home is the zoo, we ran away to the Bronx Zoo.

You ran away to the zoo.

And do you know what we do at the zoo?

You clean up shit.

I've heard about that.

Yeah, we do clean up the shit to make sure that everybody is fine when they're around.

So that way when the kids come, it doesn't smell.

Nothing feels weird.

We have the lot of- I understand what shit is.

I understand how it smells.

I understand how it looks.

I understand how it feels.

I understand how it tastes.

Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, wait a minute.

Wait a minute.

What did he say at the end?

I understand how it- He says he understands how it- Forget it.

I didn't say anything.

I was just thinking of all the fun.

Why is Seth smiling when you said I understand how it takes Seth's smile to put two thumbs up?

What does that mean?

Seth, did you do marketing for shit?

I don't know.

Yeah, shit.

You know how it tastes?

Where's the beef?

Baby?

Oh, baby.

Anyway, we clean up the shit.

Yes, you clean the shit.

I know you clean the shit.

Well, we do because it has to be clean for the kids and for the people to be there.

We know why you do it.

We know how you do it.

Yes.

But maybe what you don't know, Scott, is that you think of animals as being dirty.

Right?

About to fuck you up.

Gotta get him, Genevieve.

Okay, okay, okay.

If I were to say hippo, what's the first thing you think?

Hungry.

Okay, that was kind of a myth.

Okay.

Well, if I were to say pig, what's the first thing you think?

Babe, pig in the city.

I'm not asking for a famous pig.

I'm saying like, what's something that's- It's hard to think of a pig that is in a famous pig.

I'm just gonna think of some, just some dumb pig.

Maybe three more famous pigs.

Go.

You can only think of famous pigs?

I know I was thinking about one too.

From Charlotte's web.

Yes, go two more.

The pig from Animal Farm, who was the Trotsky surrogate.

Okay.

Okay, we'll allow a literary pig.

Okay, and only famous pigs and you can't fuck three.

Porky motherfucker.

Wow.

Jesus Christ.

Right.

Imagine Porky's legacy realizing that he had to have thought he was gonna be- He had number one on the call shop.

Yeah, unfortunately.

He had number one on the pig call shop.

He slipped to number three and then of course Deep Peral.

Anyway, so we do clean up the ship.

No!

Humans.

No!

Humans are actually very dirty themselves.

Look.

Did you know that humans are filthy?

I know.

And so when we show up to the zoo, we are the virus.

And we understand.

Look, you guys, I had you on because your parents contacted me.

What?

You talked about birds?

They want you back home.

All of them?

You talked to all of our- I talked to all eight pairs of our pairs.

I talked to all eight pairs, so all 16 of them.

I talked to them all.

They all wish you had- Can you please name all their names, please?

All 16.

And their catchphrases?

David Berkowitz.

Hey, not that David Berkowitz.

Nevermind, it's up there.

That was great.

That's okay.

We know them.

Okay.

They wish you hadn't run away to the zoo.

They're sorry that they asked if you were married.

They want you- Yeah, our parents should know about it.

They want you back home.

Genevieve?

Genzer.

Should we?

Do we?

Go home.

Is it time?

To go?

But there's so much shit yet to be cleaned.

They're always just going to be shit.

That's a never- Scott, shut the fuck up.

This has nothing to do with you.

Yeah, we're trying to fucking do something here.

I'm not sorry.

Genzer.

Is it over?

For now.

Genzer, grab my head.

Genzer, grab my ribs.

I'm grabbing them as hard as I can.

Okay, they were- Lift me up in the air.

I'm worried we're getting into the dirty talk again before you go there.

I'm lifting you up over my head like in dirty dancing.

Goodbye.

Oh my God, he threw her so hard.

It's not really hard.

Can I tell you something?

Scott.

Yeah, Genzer, what's up?

Was that real?

Yeah, it's real.

They want you back, but you just threw Genevieve into orbit it looked like.

I'm going to go follow her right now.

Just pick me up by the ribs.

Okay, here you go.

And we cleaned the shit.

Why did he say we cleaned the shit as his final words?

We knew that already.

I don't know, Seth.

Look, we're running out of time.

Whoa, whoa.

Good throw, my man.

Here comes Genevieve.

Whoa.

Oh, wow.

Wow, we boomerang.

We got thrown back in our orbit.

I'm glad you guys are back because we're running out of time on the show.

We only have time for one final feature and that is, of course, a little something called plugs.

Oh, interesting.

Amazing.

Yeah, that was feed us plugs by Sweet Baby Josh.

And even mentioned a starring in a Netflix show.

So that's, I had a couple of guests on who wanted to talk about that.

But what do you guys plug in?

Genevieve and Genzer, I'll let you guys plug first.

Yeah, obviously we're plugging the Bronx Zoo.

Please clean up after yourself.

Wait, wait.

The Bronx Zoo has a cleanup after yourselves to the animals policy.

Yeah.

Yeah, animals and people, everyone needs to clean up after them.

So what do you guys do?

You should have asked us through the interview part.

You messed up.

You were packing about to clean up.

You were so obsessed.

It's a great story.

Yeah, if you could just get away from our personal life.

It is fascinating.

Maybe we can come back sometime.

Maybe.

All right.

So anything else you want to plug?

Anything on TV that you guys like or?

Yeah.

I mean, there's a show Space Force.

If you watch that, it starts Steve Crell, John Malkovich, Tony Newsom, Jimmy O'Yang, Ben Schwartz, Don Lake, Jane Lynch is there.

What about that show?

There's some specials, Middle Ditch and Space Force.

Oh, please.

No, it's called Middle Ditch and Schwartz.

Please, there's three separate Middle Ditch and Schwartz specials.

You should check them out.

Longform improv on Netflix.

Okay, Seth, what do you want to plug?

You can catch me in the extended Middle Ditch and Schwartz giving suggestions at the beginning in the end.

There was one guy who kept shouting suggestions throughout the whole show.

That's, I think that might have been me and thank you.

Do you remember three of those suggestions?

Three of the round table, all of them?

Have to be interviewed.

You can't be brought to somewhere else to be seen elsewhere.

From what I understand, and it's not like anyone at the network ever contacts me anymore, but from what I hear, Pluto has an IFC station slightly on or whatever their catchphrase is, always off.

Channel on Pluto, slightly on baby.

That's right.

Where some of the episodes reside.

But hey, if you want to get like a Blu-ray going or anything like that, then let everyone know that you'd like to see more comedy bing bing.

I have no idea.

I guess the license lapsed on Netflix and it is no longer there.

In about a week.

Would you do more episodes if someone said we want another 25 episodes?

Would you say yes?

Real question.

25 and how many years?

Do you have to do?

No, come on.

Would you?

I mean, how many years?

It was in one year?

In as many years.

In as many years?

Yes, I would do one a year, yes.

One special year.

Understood.

And let's close up the old book bag.

You start with a seal.

When you want to close it up, you leave.

You with an L and then you hold.

You have to blow back.

Pull me up.

Shake your hand and open it up.

And I reach your constant and heat just as.

You're an old and then you hold.

You have to do it.

Pull me up.

So long.

It's your fault.

It's got a breakdown in it.

Pull me up.

All right.

That is a relatively new remix by Jonathan Astonish.

Want to make sure that you heard that?

Are there any you just playing different remixes?

Yeah.

We have three remixes to choose from.

If you have a different remix, send it on over to us and you can get heard on this.

Guys, I want to thank you so much.

First of all, Seth, always great to see you.

Sorry, I didn't remember you at the top of this.

It's okay.

It happens.

Really?

All the time.

What people not remembering you?

I'm told I'm very forgettable, which is tough when you're in marketing.

All right.

Well, see you next time.

Thanks.

Bye.
