♪♪♪ Little Miss Muffet streams Jimmy Buffett because she has terrible taste in music.

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

Well, maybe she has great taste in margaritas and the city limits in which one can get a great one.

Thank you so much to Chaz Free Montal.

No, Chaz Free Mont III, I think, I think is a better way to say that person's name.

Thank you so much Chaz Free Mont, descendant of Chaz Free Mont Jr. and Chaz Free Mont.

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang for another week.

June is upon us, June Gloom as well as Zoom Gloom.

And what a wonderful show we have for you today.

I'm Scott Ockerman, I'm the host of Comedy Bang Bang.

And coming up a little later we have a very talented stand-up comedian.

He has a new record out called A.K.A.

Mike Kaplan will be here either returning to the show or making his first appearance.

I cannot recall.

I mean, look, over 600 of these, who knows at this point if this person has been on.

Also, we have an acrobat coming up a little later.

And I'm sure we'll be talking about various acrobatic feats that they have undergone.

And their acrobatic feat, I would imagine.

Feet must be an important part of acrobatics, I would imagine.

That's like, if you don't have feet, although, I mean, I don't know.

I don't want to say anything disparaging about our feetless friends out there who may be wonderful at acrobatics and just pulling themselves up by their arms.

I always found when I was in gymnastics that feet were integral to what I was doing, be it cartwheels, be it summer salts.

I would always propel myself from those feet.

So we'll see if our acrobat friend has feet and what they choose to do with them.

But coming up first on the show, we have an old friend.

And I have not checked in with his old friend since everything in the world went crazy.

And we want to know exactly what's been going down with him.

Look, his resume is impeccable, practically spotless, other than a few lost years.

Started off as a teenager in the rock and roll combination, the Beatles spelled with an A instead of two E's.

That was a misspelling, by the way.

That really, that was a mistake.

Sorry, I can't finish your thought, but that still kills me.

So anytime you see a Beatles record, we'll introduce you in a second.

You get that pain in your stomach.

Like how did they mess this up?

I get a migraine headache that is so bad I have to lie down for the rest of the day.

Okay, so you haven't seen a Beatles record today then because you're from what I can tell, just looking at you.

I saw one last night, don't you dare.

I saw one last night and I right before it struck midnight.

I said, God, I got this terrible headache.

I'm laying down for the rest of the day.

You lay down for one minute, then you were fine.

It was fine.

It just has to be the rest of the day.

It just is the rest of the day until it's like the Cinderella of headaches.

The rest of the calendar day, that's right.

Okay, fantastic.

And I'm shouting, should I shout?

You know, please, I mean, I know you didn't sing the song shout as far as you saying twist and shout.

I'm saying the twist part.

Yeah.

Okay, so you don't like to shout.

You only like to twist.

I like to twist it.

You don't need to shout.

How did that go?

I mean, I know Chubby Checker, of course, he introduced the twist and I'm sure you were jealous.

But how did it go during the actual recording sessions?

I was jealous of the last name.

Well, he had us, so we went over to his house, but then you were jealous of his last name.

What did you say?

Chubby Checker.

Checker.

You would prefer to have his last name.

John Checker?

Sure.

Come on.

That would be fantastic.

John Checker of the B.E.E.T.L.

That's what I wanted to do.

Before we continue, if you haven't guessed, our old friend John Lennon is here.

Hello, John.

Oh, God.

Hello.

We've got on off on a tangent.

We certainly did.

But you, okay, so you, how did the recording sessions go for Twist and Shout?

Well, we went over to Chubby Checker's house.

Okay.

We made him dinner at his home.

Have you ever heard of that?

That is so strange.

It was very strange.

So what was the process like?

Did he invite you over, first of all, or did you arrive on an ounce?

We had, you know, a management, get in contact with him and say, the boys, they want to come over and cook.

Did he need it to be a little more specific after that?

Like, who are the boys?

Yeah, because he thought the Beach Boys were coming by.

Okay.

Was he disappointed when suddenly those four lovable lads from Liverpool with their topped mots?

Oh, God.

He was top.

He was furious.

Yeah.

Well, tops were muff.

He was furious.

He did that.

We showed up because he said, you know, how did that make you?

It makes you feel, by the way, that everyone was likening your haircuts to mops.

One of the dirtiest of the household cleaning accessories.

Well, that's, you could look at it that way.

We always thought of it as a brand new mops, right out of the battery.

So clean.

Yeah.

I guess maybe it pertained to the shape of your hair more than the cleanliness of it.

Right.

Although we'd have a shower.

We didn't have time.

We were moving all over the country back to Germany playing music, moving this way and that.

That was the Germany part that was very early on in your career.

That was the impediment to showering.

I showered right before we started off.

First gig, you know, at the whatever the hell that place was called has been so long.

The cavern, I believe, was the second time I believe.

The captain club.

Right.

We showered the day before that.

And then the second time I showered was after we played on the roof with the rest of the vehicle.

Wow.

So a good 10 years.

A good long time.

We like to call it.

Yeah.

Okay.

Chubby checkers house.

He's disappointed.

He sees the four Beatles instead of the I don't even know how many Beach Boys there are, presumably 10 or 12 or 20.

Who knows?

Who knows.

And he gets a look of disappointment on his face.

Yeah.

He opens the door and he's wearing a Hawaiian shirt and he's holding a surf ball and he said, Hey, let's catch some waves.

You seven bitches.

Okay.

He said, let's catch some waves.

You seven bitches.

Expecting the beach.

Okay.

And we said, well, we have no idea what you're talking about or why you dress like that.

But I'm sure you've got some food in there that we can cook for you because we want to talk about it.

So you offered to cook the food like right off the second sentence.

Second sentence.

Why are you complaining then?

If you, yeah, if you're the one you're like, you were saying, God, he made us cook.

You offered to do it like, presumably on his doorstep.

Right.

And then he agreed to it.

So you think he shouldn't have agreed?

You think he said he should have said, I'll cook the food.

This is chubby checkers.

Oh, no, don't be ridiculous.

I don't know who you are, but I'm willing to have you into my house and I'll cook the food.

So not only was he disappointed that you weren't the beach boys, he didn't even know who you were.

Right.

Okay.

So the beach boys were more famous at this point, I guess up to him at least.

I don't know.

Sure.

Was he disappointed?

So disappointed that he ended up working with the fat boys many decades later.

After we, the food we made him, we all could have been the fat boys.

We made such a huge amounts of, what did you make?

We made a menu.

It's something we called fudgy chicken.

What is fudgy chicken?

Well, I'll tell you, Scott, you take your deep fried chicken, whole chicken, and one whole chicken.

Right.

One chicken.

One, one per person at the table.

Right.

One p, one P P.

If you, if you want to be quick about it.

Sure.

One chicken per person, you fry that up and you dip it in fudge, in melted fudge.

So like a chocolate fountain type situation or like a pot of fudge that you.

A pot, a big pot of it.

Big pot.

Okay.

And then it dries.

Is it like when you dip ice cream in fudge, does it make that crackle on top or?

You could do it.

It could dry, but we was in such a hurry that we ate it right, you know, still wet.

And then there's a, is there some sort of a stick in the bottom of the chicken or do you kind of get a knife for it?

We just reached in with our bare hands all over the heat.

Yeah.

Into hot fudge.

It's a hot blazing hot, and then we all burn your hands.

Yes.

Terribly.

Is that why the Beatles broke up?

No, this was way early, way early.

Oh, okay.

How early are we talking when we were about seven a.m.

Well, when we were.

Oh, wait.

So the Beatles didn't break up till what 10 p.m. that day.

They're right.

Right.

Okay.

So we had to break up.

We started the conversation at seven.

It ended with, well, hey, you were the one who told us to put our hands in all that hot fudge.

I'm talking about this.

Got it.

Wow.

What a day.

So this is going to be in the 69.

Right.

And you all had Fudgy chicken over at Chubby Checkers house and then that's right.

And then talk about the twist and shout part of it because you had already recorded this eight years earlier.

Yep.

Yeah.

If my timeline says me, that's about what happened.

This was going to be a new Beatles record, right, a cover of the twist.

Right.

And because you were so interested in singing the twist part of twist and shout, right, which kind of went, did someone else sing every other word and you just said twist or I just yelled the twist part.

If you yell, when you say the twist part, what do you mean by that?

Just twist the word twist.

Just the word with.

Okay.

So Paul, I guess would be singing there going, come on, baby.

Right.

Twist and shout.

Right.

No, you got it.

Did it make it onto the recording because I don't recall it going.

It did.

It had to be remastered and my levels brought way down and sort of.

To zero.

And then, who was it?

Oh, yeah.

I guess Paul went in and sang the twist part.

Oh, okay.

So he had to read dub.

Right.

It's a punch in as they call it.

He had to punch in.

So I punched out.

Oh my gosh.

Well, speaking of punching out, for those of you who haven't heard John on the program, John, you punched out of life back in December of 1980.

80, that's right.

And then you decided if you're wondering why he is on this program alive, he decided to come back to life in 1985, was it?

84.

Right.

I spent the full years in the ground reading books.

And that was enough for me.

Wait a minute.

You can read books while you're dead?

This is something we haven't talked about because you, the story is I recall, you were dead for four years and then you decided to come back to life four years later.

Okay.

That's interesting.

For some reason, I have it in my head that we talked once about me reading books.

Maybe that didn't happen on this.

But did.

Well, sure.

Maybe we talked about it.

Maybe we didn't.

But did you read books?

I guess.

The quote.

Now that we're clearing the end.

No, I never read books down there.

Okay.

And I thought maybe I might want one.

Were you just saying that to seem smart?

This seems smart.

Sounds smart.

So in 1984, Wams make it big record is big on the charts.

They foretold their own prophecy.

Yep.

And you decide to come back to life.

Come back out of the ground and come to life and dust myself off and go home.

And then you started doing this podcast probably 25 years later.

Something like that.

Yeah.

Because I was keeping, you know, keeping money.

Pretty low profile.

Right.

Keeping a low profile.

Again, I say hi to people on the street.

You can stop me.

I'll write you a song.

I'll sing and follow you, but just don't spread the word.

You'll write them a full song.

And I've got the time.

Sure.

Because you're not dead anymore and you won't be dead.

Right.

Or if I am dead again, I'll come back alive.

Sure.

Anyone can do it is the is the tip for anyone who dies.

That's what I like to say.

You're just one of the few people who actually decided to.

Right.

Who else we've talked about this, right?

Who else has decided not to be dead anymore?

I think, you know, who else did Roseanne Ball?

So did she die since she was fired from Roseanne and come back to life?

Or was this a long time ago?

This was during the first run of the Roseanne show.

Really?

Which season do you remember?

Oh, God.

I want to say full.

Do you remember which episode around?

No, I think it was the off season, you know, during the summertime when they were in shooting.

Oh, sure.

Right.

She went, she got in some paragliding accident or something.

Oh, really?

Oh, was that with Tom?

Did Tom die as well?

No.

He was on the ground.

I'm talking about Tom from MySpace, by the way, looking over his shoulder.

I wonder if he has some, some crazy wound on his chest that he won't show anyone.

Well, he's probably, you know, in that position for this many is, he's probably got a terrible neck.

Yeah, that's true.

Speaking of terrible things, of course, we're all in the middle of a worldwide pandemic and I wanted to check in with you, John, because you're out there in New York, sort of one of the epicenters, of one of the big outbreaks there.

And you're staying there at the, is it the Waldorf or where do you say?

The Dakota.

The Dakota, right.

Yes, we're back at the Dakota.

Apartment.

Right now I'm in the RV, if you can believe it.

Oh, you are.

So you're not in the RV?

You're not in New York.

I'm in New York, but I'm at the front of my building in my RV.

Why not go into the Dakota?

Yes, I was started.

I started in the Dakota.

It was comfortable, it was nice, and I ordered Scott online.

I got so many damn jigsaw puzzles.

I can't fit in my apartment anymore.

Oh, wait.

So the puzzles are in your apartment and so you stay in the RV?

Yeah, I'm like.

So you go up to the apartment, work on the puzzles, then come down to sleep in the RV.

Why not reverse that?

Keep the puzzles in the RV.

Well, I don't know how big you think I'm at Visa, but they're not as big as apartment building.

Oh, OK, I see.

And plus, I guess, if you're going to be asleep, why not sleep in the shittier place and then be awake in the nice place?

Right.

That's one way of putting it.

I think the RV is not that shitty.

That's pretty nice.

Yeah, I apologize.

I'm sure it's a wonderful RV, although even you were saying it's smaller than your apartment.

So small does not mean bad.

You ever seen a diamond ring?

That's pretty small.

That's what she said.

OK, love you.

OK.

I'm talking about the diamond ring part, not the earlier part of your sentence.

I wasn't listening.

I sleep.

Oh, good.

That's fine.

I wasn't playing my playing board.

Oh, OK.

So you are in the RV during the night, the nighttime, which is the right time.

Right.

And you're doing puzzles during the day.

What else are you up to during the quark?

Well, I'm sort of funny you mentioned me being in bed, you know, nighttime.

That's I'm doing sort of a bed in.

I mean, I did that bed in a long time.

Oh, yeah.

Sure.

I did bed and that was supposed to do something.

I can't recall.

I'm supposed to hear the world to just get some more eyes on me to sell some records.

But but now I'm doing it at night.

I'm doing a bed in every night until this damn government gets us safe.

Wait a minute.

So you're just going to sleep every night?

Is that what you're saying?

I'm sleeping.

I'm betting in.

And if they don't, you know, if we don't get a vaccine soon, I'm staying in bed.

What all day or just any approximately eight hours, seven, eight hours.

It's seven, eight hours.

But you know, these days I'm getting more like 12 because there's nothing to do other than puzzles.

Oh, really?

Yeah.

So are you napping a lot?

Are you taking 12 in a row?

12 in a row.

And then I, you know, go up to the apartment and puzzle until I get kind of puzzles my way out of the room.

Oh, wait.

So these puzzles are all up in your apartment and impeding the flow of traffic throughout the apartment.

So you have to solve them in order to open up what doors or?

Yeah.

Well, no, no, I've got to I build, you know, I make the puzzles and I make them.

You make the puzzles?

You don't just buy them?

No, I put them together.

That's, you know, to make a puzzle, not if I could be a puzzle maker, I would be.

I had one on the show recently and he was very, very interesting.

I did.

Yes.

So you buy the puzzles and then you put them together, put them together.

And I do them, you know, on the ground because they're pretty big puzzles.

And as I put them together, I run out of space and it runs me right out of the apartment.

So I got to go do my best.

You don't want to step on the puzzles, have you left some sort of a maze-like area for you to traverse on the ground?

No, the next day I'll just come in and shovel them up.

Oh, okay.

So once you're done with a puzzle, shovel them up and right out the window.

What do they land on?

I don't care.

How high up are you in the Dakota?

Well, I was once on the top floor, but I...

How many floors is the top?

I want to see.

30.

Third.

Okay.

So that's a lot.

I remember I read when I was a kid that if you dropped a penny off the Empire State Building, it would achieve such velocity that it would go right through a person if it were...

Whoa.

And I don't know whether that's true, but I've always just then had a fear of walking under high buildings that some weirdo is just going to be like, hey, it would be so funny to drop a penny off this building and then it'll just like go right through my skull.

I'm now wondering if I've been killing...

Well, it's if I'm killing people with these jigsaw puzzle pieces.

Well, I mean, jigsaw are light, I guess.

They're one of the lightest, flattest things that we have here on planet Earth.

I guess a sheet of paper would be slightly lighter and maybe even slightly flatter.

These...

What I've gotten, they're all paper thin.

Oh, these puzzles are that thin, a slice of paper thin.

But they're all made of copper.

It's fake the thin piece of copper.

Oh, okay.

So it all evens out.

Yeah, okay.

So anything else going on during the core?

I'm trying to get my book written, finally.

What book is this?

I don't know that we've ever thought.

Did I not tell you about this?

I don't think so.

Not this.

It's been a while.

I'm doing my Larry Potter book.

Larry Potter?

Larry Potter.

And I know what you're going to say.

Well, those Harry Potter...

Yeah, well, my book, it says clearly on the front, inspired by the book, Harry Potter.

Why don't they...

You can do that.

Yes, see, I thought you were going to go the other way of like, anyone can have the last name of Potter.

I mean, you're not going to sue everyone in the phone book.

But instead, you think your legal culpability ends because you say it's inspired by Harry Potter?

It ends and begins.

I think once this book hits the shelves, I'm going to have a lot of legal trouble.

But I will call it...

Then why put it out?

Why not change the guy's name?

Because this is the story I want to tell.

It's about little Larry Potter who goes to a magician school.

Okay, but why not change the name and change some of the details and maybe change magic into, I don't know, accounting?

That doesn't seem as fun.

I mean, those Harry Potter books are so fun because it's magic all over the place.

I guess, but accounting is kind of fun.

I mean, have you ever tried it out?

I have not.

I will not.

I don't know.

What do you...

What do you go to TurboTax or something?

I have Ringo come over and he helped.

When you're dead and now suddenly you're alive, do you have to pay taxes?

Because I believe it was Benjamin Franklin once said that there are two certainties in life, death and taxes.

You so far have eschewed one of them.

I would imagine that you could maybe do without the other.

Well, it's funny about that.

When I did do my taxes, I leveled with the guy.

When I came back in 84, it was always right.

So I said to my tax person, I said, I've been dead and I haven't been paying taxes.

He said, you know what?

Let's not worry about it.

Okay.

You did make money during 1984.

Yes.

And you did have to pay taxes then?

Yeah, but I didn't pay him.

Oh, okay.

So you haven't paid taxes in now 36 years ago?

Right, because I just got the good feeling of not paying taxes.

So I said, I have not going to do that anymore.

People...

Well, they say that it's actually not illegal not to pay your taxes.

Now, I know this is a conspiracy theory.

Really?

I think that no one can be prosecuted for not paying taxes because there's nothing in the Constitution about it or something like that.

And so a lot of people are of the opinion that no one can legally make you pay taxes if you don't want to.

What do you think about that?

Perfect.

I think that's great.

And once you just showed me there, Scott, that you know a lot about the law.

Is this true?

I mean, I know my fair share.

There are the seven deadly sins and those usually, I would say about three of them pertain to the law.

Okay.

Great.

I don't think you can be prosecuted for gluttony.

I'm going to be calling upon you when we do this when this book comes out.

Oh, okay.

For what?

For a lawyer?

Well, the inevitable legal law suits I'm going to be facing by J.K. Rowling.

Well you could go to legal zoom where legal meets zoom, which should be their catchphrase instead of where life meets legal, as far as I'm concerned.

And maybe they could help you out.

But what's the plot of Larry Potter?

And by the way, is that the title just Larry Potter?

No, that's a very good guess.

The title of the book is the plot.

That's the only thing that I have to go on is the character's name and the fact that he goes to a wizard school.

It's called the plot of Larry Potter.

The plot of Larry Potter.

Right.

The title is a lot of...

Wait, so he plots his own book?

Right.

That's what's so magical about it.

And he's writing his book as it's happening and he's plotting away.

And a lot of people say, well you should go buy plot already.

He says, but my name is Potter.

And they said...

So he's just writing in a diary.

He's just writing in a diary.

But Snape is there, you know, Snape is there.

So Snape from the Harry Potter universe, he's a lot like Detective Munch.

He like comes over to the plotterverse or...

That's right.

It's right.

Larry Burs, I don't know.

He comes in and he's always out of breath because he's saying, you know, Larry, I just had to run away from my own stories going on.

I'm just talking here and hang out with you.

This is pre his death in the final book, spoiler alert.

I guess I should say that beforehand.

He comes back to life too.

Oh, he decides to come back to life.

So Snape and you...

It's easy in a book.

Sure.

Oh, but it's hard in life, I thought...

Yeah, you've got to crawl out of the ground.

That's the part that they don't talk about.

How did you get out of that coffin?

I mean, there's like six feet of dirt on you.

I told him, I said, bury me in a coffin, but keep the lid off of it.

Oh, wait.

So all that dirt was on you the minute you decided to come back to life?

That's right.

And then a white suit.

No doubt.

Well, I'm not worried about the cleanliness of the suit.

I'm more...

I was sure, sure, but I'm wondering how you got that several metric tons, I would imagine of dirt that was residing upon you.

You just walked on a little bit at a time.

You move this grain over here and this grain goes here.

I also would worry about you being suffocated.

I guess every time you're suffocated, you just decide to come back to life.

Yeah.

You sort of beat the system that way.

How many times did you decide to come back to life just getting out of the grave?

Let's see, ten.

It only took you ten?

Only ten, because I could hold my breath for a long time.

Oh, how long can you hold your breath?

The last I checked this, because I checked this every year.

Oh, sure.

Yeah.

Is that on January 1st or December 31st?

January 1st.

I give my soul to myself the newly-assaved to potty out.

So what are you at in 2020?

Six minutes.

That's pretty helpful.

And it's up from last year, it was $4.50.

$4.50, really?

But I stopped vaping.

Oh, that's it, okay.

Why were you vaping so much?

To cool, you know?

I love the video.

Did it ever explode on you?

You hear about those vapes that explode?

No, it exploded my back pocket once at a dinner potty.

Oh, who's dinner party, where you're at?

Hopefully not Chubby Checkers.

No, it was the guy who directed the movie with all the blue people.

The blue.

Yeah, I mean, the blue man group probably put out a...

The Navi...

Oh, okay, Avatar is what you're thinking of.

James Cameron.

Yes, I had dinner with him.

And my pen blew up in my pocket.

He said, oh, you can do that outside.

I said, you know, because he thought I fought it in my pen.

Wait, he was in your back pocket?

Oh, there's my back pocket.

Okay, so we heard just like a...

Yeah, and it shot me across the room.

So he said, you can do this outside.

I said, what do you think?

You jump around and...

So I shot me across the room and I landed into the alms of a Navi.

He has Navi there.

He has some Navi statue.

Does he...

Did he obtain any of that unobtainium?

I asked him that.

And he told me straight face.

Why do you think I called it unobtainium?

And what did you say?

I said, you know, I didn't get through the first movie.

Can we just eat now, please?

And give me a goddamn new pair of pants.

Were you upset when you came back to life in 84 that you weren't asked to be part of Band-Aids?

Do they know it's Christmas?

Nor, we are the world's USA.

No, I guess I transposed that USA for Africa's we are the world.

I wasn't mad because they let me play a backup base on it.

Backup base?

I know that I've ever heard of backup base.

If someone's cord comes unplugged, you're there to take over.

I have judges flip on my switch.

So in the succession, I don't know who played based on a presumably Randy Jackson.

You're second in line in the succession of base players.

Right.

It's an understudy situation.

Okay, wonderful.

And they never needed me, but I was there and I was happy to be there and I got to meet Michael Jackson and that was fun.

Well, wonderful, John.

I'm glad you're okay.

It seems like you're keeping yourself busy through a combination of sleep and puzzles.

And book writing.

Yeah, that's right.

The Larry Potter.

How far are you in the book?

More how far is he into the book?

And now because he's plotting the book.

He's also doing the book.

How far is he?

A page 10.

And snapes come in already three times.

So I think that might be a rewrite.

He's just what entered the dorm room or sort of like Kramer or what does he do?

Well, they're not even at the dorm rooms yet.

They're on the, you know, the train that Harry Potter uses.

Sure.

They use the same train.

They're on that train.

Wait, is this just summer school at Hogwarts?

What is this?

That would be a good idea.

No, this is a, this is a different.

This actually is not a bad idea when you think about it.

I mean, just kidding.

Rowing is like searching for stuff to talk about.

I mean, she's just like now talking about wizards, you know, shitting all over the ground.

It's like, try summer school before you get to wizard shitting on the ground.

No, I should actually, if we do go to court over this, I'm going to say, hey, why don't we team up?

That'll be the first thing I say to him.

I mean, that kind of a star power, John Lennon and just kidding, Rowing team up to write a book together.

I mean, first, first, same first initial.

That's for sure.

That's like you two and Spider-Man coming together.

I mean, that can't lose.

That's right.

All right.

Well, John, it's great to have you here.

You can stick around during the show.

I'm so happy to be seeing your friendly face.

You stayed 40 years old, right?

You don't age.

Is that right?

Well, well, with some of the plastic surgeons, I know, yeah, they can keep me young forever.

Okay.

Well, we have a wonderful guest we're getting to now.

He is a, do you like stand-up comedy, John?

I love it.

Sinbad, everybody.

Well, I'm not sure where he falls in the echelon.

He may be directly under Sinbad, I'm not sure, but he is in the long story tradition of spoken word storytellers and joke tellers through the years.

I don't know exactly when that started.

When did stand-up comedy start?

I even wonder.

I mean, there certainly were traveling troubadours throughout the years who would tell a fanciful tale, but I wonder when the art of stand-up comedy actually started.

He admit, out of anyone I know, he's the guy who probably has that kind of an answer.

He is a wonderful stand-up comedian whose new album, AKA, is out in stores and online right now.

Nice.

And I'm going to guess we're welcoming him back to the show because I cannot imagine he has never been on.

Please welcome to the show, M-Y-Q on the M-I-C.

That's right.

Mike Kaplan is here.

Hello, Mike.

Thank you so much for welcoming me back and forth to the show.

That's right.

You're just pacing right now.

I am.

I like to think of myself as a stationary troubadour these days, just like busking.

We all are.

Are we not?

Yeah, in our own homes.

And I have, here's the thing.

I like that you can't remember if I've been on zero times or non-zero times.

I know that I've been on once, but it may also be twice.

But let's act as if this is your second time.

What do you say?

I love it.

Can I tell you one quick thing?

I performed on...

How quick?

Really quick.

You can get my answer.

Oh, I'm sorry.

I was going so quick that I didn't even stop to get your answer.

Yeah.

Wow.

Okay.

Let's...

It's easier to ask for forgiveness than it is permission, I would imagine.

Yes, yes, you may.

Under a minute.

Time is on now.

Okay.

It's also easier to not ask for permission or forgiveness.

Just do it.

You know?

Just be an asshole.

It seems like a lot of people have learned that lesson.

The easiest.

Oh boy.

When I went on David Letterman's program to do stand-up comedy for the first time, I believe he said to the audience, now making his debut with us tonight, please welcome back to the show, Mike Kaplan.

Oh.

It was a rare...

That's what they call a film flub, although I guess in the arena of television.

Yeah.

Is that only an IMDB trivia page for that episode?

I mean, I'm going to edit...

Yes.

Like, by the time people are listening to this, of course, it's been there the whole time.

Anyone edit IMDB, much like Wikipedia?

I think that not even Wikipedia is like that anymore.

I think there's like Wikipedia guards, you know, that...

Oh, really?

If you go in and do some damage, then they'll undo it pretty quick.

Well, they've always had that sort of policy, like, take a penny, leave a penny, you know, like, come edit us, we'll edit you.

Yeah, I think...

I don't know if you can do it on IMDB, but you can do it on my website, which is a U-R-DB.

So it's the...

The interactive...

And that's Y-O-U-A-R-E-D-B.

Oh, yeah, it's hard to get to.

People think it's going to be just the two letters like I-M.

Right.

But...

And this is your DB Cooper fan site, is that right?

Oh, that's IMDB.

I-A-M-DB.

Oh, okay.

Yeah.

You know, there's all these amateur murder enthusiasts with podcasts out there.

There aren't a lot of podcasts about DB Cooper-type guys.

You know, people who have absconded with millions of dollars by jumping out of a plane.

No, I mean, are there...

Well, I guess when you talk about DB Cooper-type guys, do you think that they're...

How many are there?

Like, do we...

I don't know.

I mean, there's got to be at least two.

Yeah.

I know it's definitely a non-zero number.

The thing that I would say is that he's either the...

He's certainly the most famous, which might mean he's the worst at it, because there's tons maybe that we don't know about.

Exactly.

Every time you've taken a plane ride, there may be a DB Cooper-type guy who just like slips out the backjack.

Yeah.

Or a Richard Pryor in Superman 3-type guy, you know, slash the guys who did the same thing in office-based-type guys that are...

Of course.

Just skimming off the top by rounding down pennies.

Exactly.

And not to mention Robert Vaughn in Superman 3, who like battles a robot and suddenly gets taken over by it to where all of his, I guess, blood and tissue become circuitry?

Oh, oh yes.

And also I want to add that rounding down pennies is the responsible thing to do when you're throwing them off of the Empire State Building.

That's right.

Always make sure that you sand around the edges.

A lot of penny talk, kid.

Have you thought about sort of switching the idea of this podcast, Scott?

To be a penny themed.

I mean, for a while, we were a Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles podcast for approximately two episodes.

By the way, do you have any thoughts on that, Mike?

Oh, on the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles?

Yeah, on the franchise as it is.

From what I can tell, here's what I know about it now.

There are four turtles who happen to be in their teens.

They're not tweens.

Yep.

So they're approximately between 13 and 19 years old.

They have mutated and become bigger.

And then a rat taught them kung fu, and so they became ninjas.

So this is sort of a four step process.

Born Turtles got to the age of between 13 and 19, mutated, and then learned some sort of martial arts.

Now here is a great question.

Here's something that I've never thought of because, of course, I've never heard of any of this before.

But right now, I understand that some turtles can live to like hundreds of years older.

There are turtles like humans, we get to a certain age and our bodies start to deteriorate.

Sure.

But turtles, I believe some turtles...

They stay wrinkly their entire life.

Oh yeah, they're born old in a way.

And they're old souls.

And then I believe they can stay alive as long as a predator doesn't kill them.

Like they don't have the same kinds of diseases that get...

I have to say, by the way, this is a good franchise.

Predator versus Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles.

Yes.

I mean, it's the old...

Millions out of here.

Yeah, no more crang.

Don't need anything like that.

Sure.

I don't know what that means, but go ahead.

Exactly.

Thank you.

But here's the thing is, if they reach teenage years as a turtle, I feel like that's still like an infant.

They're still comparatively speaking.

They should be...

On the sliding scale.

Although maybe they...

I don't know whether they achieved sentience when they mutated.

Perhaps they had the small, pea-sized brain of a turtle.

Oh no, I think they had it all along.

That was something that was...

It was a pretty big coincidence that these particular turtles who couldn't communicate, but just knew they were like, oh man, this is the plight of being a turtle, you know?

And fortunately, fortunately, they did get to mutate.

And the other thing I would say is it's 13 and 19.

That's a huge diff...

It's only six years.

Like I'm 41.

And I'm like, I'm actually like, I think miles ahead of where I was at 35.

Oh, certainly.

But even 19 versus 13, I mean, the emotional adjustments that one makes between those years.

I mean, they really should nail down those ages.

Yeah, I mean, if it were tween-age mutant ninja turtles would really let you know where you stood.

Sure.

Because that has to be only...

It's between teen and...

Actually, what is the lower bound?

Is it just 11, 12?

Like, is it just 12?

I don't know whether 10 counts as tween.

I would think it double diggies?

I don't know.

I always thought it was double digg.

Okay, so between nine and teen is what tween means?

Right.

Yeah.

So here's the other thing.

Are the teenage mutant ninja turtles like Minuto where you age out of it when you hit 20?

Oh, I mean, when you talk about you, you mean the turtle?

Or you me, you meaning me?

Oh, I guess that's a good point.

I mean, I think I'd aged out of fandom of the teenage mutant ninja turtles by the time that first movie came out because I never saw it.

But nor have I seen any of its sequels.

But I wonder if in the case of being a band of ninjas, like what part of it do you age out of?

Like, will there now much like the new teen titans they turned into the titans?

Will suddenly some of the films in this franchise just be mutant ninja turtles now?

Oh.

And they're adults?

Adults?

Ninjaterals.

Yeah, exactly.

So, I think we're not actually dropping what it's short for or like KFC because we're like we're not actually really food.

Like we're not like little by little.

It's so interesting that, you know, like Superman, Batman, like you're classic, like they have to remain the same over the years.

But also like time is it certainly seems to be passing.

So I do think that they're going to start dropping all of them one by eventually it'll just be like mutant turtles and they won't even be.

They won't remember the.

Yeah, I mean, at a certain point those skills go away if you don't keep up with it every single day.

I wouldn't mind just seeing, you know, four turtles, regular turtles on TV.

Oh, what about the turtles?

I mean, they were contemporaries of the Beatles.

Yeah.

Well, they, you know, but I'm talking about real live turtle.

You know, here's, here's what I think would be a great enemy for the, these, the teenage and or not teenage, the grown up mutant ninja turtles would be a band of actually, wow, I just, a thing happened in my head.

I'm going to explain everything.

But my initial thought was that rabbits would should be that it should be like a band of four rabbits who are like really upset at having lost the tortoise hair battle.

I know a rabbit might not be a hair and a turtle might not be a tortoise, but I think nobody will care.

So it's these rabbits.

They run so fast, but the turtles like are as even as ninjas are slow.

And then I realized as a kid, I had a toy that was in the ninja turtle universe and it was Usagi Yojimbo a rabbit.

I was like, did they, did they already?

I mean, this is, this is the natural antagonist of a turtle.

Yes.

You know, coming down from a sobs fables, that famous race, of course.

So if a, if a bunny or a rabbit or a hair were to be mutated, I mean, I think then there would be an even playing field.

Yes.

That's, it seems that they did like they move faster than standard turtles do.

So these ninja turtles, right?

But not, not quite as fast as human ninjas from what I could tell because it seemed like the, the suits were getting in the way much like that Batman suit gets in the way of Bruce Wayne.

Like Bruce Wayne, if you were to go out there and, and, you know, kick someone's ass on the street, he could move exponentially faster if he wasn't in that clunky Batman suit where he can't turn his head.

Oh, yeah.

You, you want to, you want to have your suit be at like paper thin, like a puzzle, like a copper puzzle.

Yeah.

And I wonder like what is Bruce Wayne's commitment to fighting crime?

It seems like he cares more about not being recognized than actually fighting crime because he could do so much more good where he, but first of all, if you were just naked.

Uh, naked.

And also, I mean, if he then maybe perhaps use some of his billions of dollars to set up foundations for improving the educational system in Gotham that I think itself would lead to fewer criminals.

Well, they like to say that he does both.

But, uh, I mean, get yourself a man who does both, uh, is where that came from.

But I, you know, as far as the mutant ninja turtles, and I hate to keep coming back to that when I know you have a record out that we want to talk about, but, uh, it's important.

They do, they will live hundreds of years, which tells me that at a certain point, I'd like to see this in a movie at a certain point there.

They're going to watch their friends like April O'Neill die.

Oh, yeah.

So I would, I would love to see that like a deathbed thing where she's, you know, sort of like, uh, uh, when Peggy Carter in Captain America, you know, she's on her deathbed, you know, and it's like Steve as a young man goes to say goodbye to her.

I'd love to see a scene like that in whatever, uh, new movie the franchise cooks up.

Jerry Atrick mutant ninja turtles.

Yeah.

Sure.

Yeah.

Why not?

Sort of like the grumpy old men of ninja turtles movies are cocoon, you know?

Oh, yeah.

Do you know cocoon is a movie that I saw as a child, uh, and as everyone did.

You were, you were like, uh, the opposite of that.

Yeah.

I was, uh, I was a caterpillar.

I was no, nowhere near becoming an elderly butterfly.

You should have said that when you were at the box office, one caterpillar for cocoon and everyone would have said, Oh, this is the cutest kid I've ever seen.

Uh, who's to say I didn't?

Um, my girlfriend and I recently during these times, weird way to brag about having a girlfriend, but my girlfriend, who's the best and better than everyone else's girlfriend or wife or boyfriend or non binary partner.

Everyone who possibly thinks they're happy, couldn't be as happy as me with the person that I live with.

We accept for this one fact, this one detail that keeps us from living the life that we, that would be absolute perfection, returning to the oneness of the universe is, she was like, let's watch cocoon.

I haven't seen cocoon in a long time.

And I went on and it's not on Amazon prime.

It's not on Netflix.

It's not on age.

It's from, we don't have to list all of the streaming services.

It's not on Hulu.

I was writing those down.

I can't find any of them.

You've never heard of these?

It's not on Voodoo.

Yeah.

Okay.

Well, hold on.

Because I've been trying to watch episodes of a coach.

Those I think you can get, but I, yeah, for whatever reason, cocoon, you can watch cocoon the return on iTunes, but why would you want to?

Cacoon to the return, isn't it?

Or is it a leave the two out of it?

My mistake.

Yeah.

They, these days, sequels are getting very creative.

So I, I forgot that they actually were still in the classic sequel zone of putting the two right in there.

Although I got to say they use two eyes for the two, as I recall.

And whenever I see a movie do that, it's like, why are you putting on airs using those Roman numerals?

It's like, come on, you're just, like you're, you're Superman too.

You know, like it's so strange to see those like fancy Roman numerals after Superman.

You're right.

I mean, also thinking about it, numbering systems, like we've got the, the ones that we use, standardly American Arabic numerals.

I think you think if you think of people who were anti Arab news that they were called Arabic numerals, they would start going back to Roman.

I don't know.

That's one question.

And then you got a guy like Chaz free month, the third, you know, who, who decides to put three eyes after his name and tricks me into thinking it says ill.

It's low case eyes.

Well, that's the thing is, is like I, I assumed it was an uppercase eye and then two lower case L's.

Oh, my.

Oh, I see what you're saying.

That would be, that would be great for any of the beastie boys, if they have kids to make their just, just, I guess immediately licensed to third.

Yeah.

A sequel to that album.

Sure.

A two sequels.

Yeah.

Two sequels, of course.

Yes.

We have licensed to ill the second and then just licensed to third.

It's yeah, licensed to ill, licensed to junior and then licensed to the third.

Right.

Of course.

But then they start bringing the third power into it like the aforementioned aliens.

Oh, yeah, that, that, that wasn't my favorite.

But, but now it is the numbering system or the movie.

Oh, the numbering system, of course.

Well, the topic on this podcast.

So Mike, have we talked about the album enough or what?

I mean, I think too much almost.

What is it?

It's a stand up comedy album.

Where'd you record it?

I recorded it at Acme, the comedy club in Minneapolis.

Ah, the fabled Acme in Minneapolis, the comedians love.

They're very comedy friendly.

And when did you record this?

Oh, well, I think actually I just realized it may be one year ago exactly.

It was May of 2019.

Do you count the birthday as the day you recorded it or the day that it comes out?

Oh, yeah, of course.

It's the day that it comes out.

The, the conception.

It was conceived.

I mean, yeah, so it took about a year for it to, to gestate.

Yeah, which is weird because I also think that before that, it must have been like a former life, like some, you know, like reincarnation, but you know, the, the, the, the sequel or the prequel, the preincarnation.

So the preincarnation, I'd say it was born 2016 was the first time that I performed any of the jokes that would become the album.

Maybe even earlier, like with the ideas swimming around.

So in reincarnation, what CD died in order for yours to live?

I think that all of life is reincarnation from the oneness that was everything.

So it's not like a take a penny, leave a penny situation when it comes to lives.

Do you know the thing about hurling starfish back into the ocean?

Like one by one.

And somebody's like, you can't, I'm sorry that I didn't wait for you to answer.

No, I don't know.

This is this another one of a stops fables, much like the tortoise and the hair or it seems like it.

Yeah, the child and the starfish, a child's going along the beach and there's like a bunch of starfish and he's just hurling them into the ocean one by one.

And then an older person is like, what are you even doing that for?

You're not even making a difference.

There's just so many.

Like you can't get them all.

And he's like, I am making a difference to this one.

And then I like to think that he also made a difference to that old, that geriatric ninja turtle, let's say to get it back to where we were talking about.

Was that Jesus with his footprints next to him or is that where that comes from?

Yeah, I think that that guy was also like, yeah, what are you doing?

There's still one set of footprints.

You're not your hopper.

Let me just carry you.

Come on.

Yeah, why don't you carry me and I carry you?

Then there'll be no set of footprints.

We're just like continually elevating and gravitating.

I don't know what word I'm looking for.

Well, there certainly was gravity in that situation because there had to be for the footprints.

Oh, yeah.

Well, that was assumed.

Is that the case?

Because I assumed yes, there was gravity, but every story.

I think they should have a gravity disclaimer and you should put this into your Larry Potter books.

First sentence, just say, by the way, this is a universe that has gravity.

This is you gravity, not unlike the moon.

Did you, I don't know, I don't mean to gloss over this, but did you say that in the Harry plotter, Larry plotter, I'm so sorry, Larry plotter, lots of else.

Oh, that's fine.

In the Larry plotter world that gravity works like on the moon.

That is one, a difference between those books.

And I guess they never did JK did just kidding rolling ever say that gravity.

I don't know.

That's the problem.

She never brought it up.

Anytime you hear about Quidditch and all this, I'm imagining that naturally it's the gravitational pull of the moon.

Right.

People assume Quidditch is so great, not to me.

I assume they're just floating around.

Right, exactly.

And I would announce that anytime I read those books.

I don't think this is great, this part I'm reading.

So Mike, you recorded this a year ago in Minneapolis and let's talk about the thematic elements of this record, how they apply to perhaps your personal or professional life and how these thematic elements apply to not only your earlier records, but also any other record in history.

Oh, I love this question.

I would say, so the name of the album is AKA, which originally was short for is short for all killing aside because the theme of the record, I would say that the overarching themes are love, compassion, and not murdering.

And it seemed like a perfect name all killing aside other than when releasing out of context during a global pandemic.

So certainly we thought about that.

But to compare to my older records, I would say that my last one, my last album that I released was called No Kidding and its themes were about not having children.

And so I guess it's sort of following a natural progression in that I'm saying like at that point, I'm like, don't make any new people for myself, advice to myself.

And then on this record, it's don't take away people that already exist.

So I'm like, I want to.

So you want the number of people in the world to stay the same throughout history?

I want people to think about the number of people and what our actions have on whether that number goes up or down.

And I guess comparing that to all the other records that exist, I would say that this is the only one that does that.

Oh, okay.

So Terrapin station.

Yeah, I don't think that this is explicitly about making sure that the number of people is something that you consider.

And I don't know if there may be other people talk about not murdering.

Like I'm not the first person, but like.

I feel like there were a bunch of records in the 60s that maybe had that on their mind at least a little bit, you know, especially in the late 60s.

I guess so.

Like the, I guess there's a song that I know, I don't know if you're familiar with this anyone, but like all you need is love and that is, I think that's true.

And also, but there's always going to be people who are like, wait, but what about in this situation?

I'm like, oh yeah.

And so my record is sort of like an accompaniment to that concept that like when people are like, wait, what if I, what if I needed what if I think I need something?

What about oxygen?

What about water?

What about all these?

Yeah, yeah, yeah, but like at the, I'm just like, it's love love is the main thing.

Just remember love and also drink what love drinking water and then you'll be all set.

The original lyrics on that song when we were recording all you need is love was, you know, all you need is love.

And in this case, the guitars and the amplifiers and the recording equipment, or else you ain't going to hear this stuff.

And that got, you know, it was a great, those were great lyrics.

All the verses worked, but we cut it just because it was way too long.

Sure.

I mean, you were, if nothing else, a great editor of your own work.

Right.

Well, thank you very much.

I tell the people of the New York Times that I'm trying to get a job.

Well, speaking of your comedy, a wonderful record is out there right now, AKA also known as also known as a lot of circles.

It is 100%.

It's no, it's also known as lots of things.

And I've been making the podcast circuits doing a little, a rendition of all the things that it could mean.

And I'll happily not do that.

Okay.

Wonderful.

I appreciate that.

Listen to someone else's podcast, although I hate to tell anyone to do that because I am so worried that they're going to listen to those and then figure out that this one's not very good.

Don't say that stuff.

Don't say any of that stuff.

If I could be my editing, put my editing hat back on, edit that part out.

Okay.

I'll make sure to make, let's make a note.

Let's edit that out.

Let me the files.

I'll take care of it.

Okay.

We have to go to a break.

When we come back, we're going to have the aforementioned acrobat.

That's very exciting.

And we'll have more Mike Kaplan and more John Lennon after this.

Comedy Bang Bang.

Here with Mike Kaplan, if you're looking for his record, AKA, you also know how to have to know rather how to spell his first name, which is M Y Q is how one spells that.

And I can't remember.

Is that a choice?

Is that an affectation or is that literally how your Christian name came out?

Ah, my Jewish parents gave me the Christian name of Michael Adam Kaplan.

Seems a little unfair, isn't it?

That even Jewish people have to give people Christian names.

I mean, I also do have a Jewish name of Benjamin.

That's Ben Yamine is my Hebrew name.

I don't know what it does, but I was told that what do any names do other than...

I mean, it's like a secret password if you're getting up there to heaven.

And it's like, hey, so what's your, you know, give me your other name.

I'll let you end all the other places.

But when I was about somewhere in the mid 90s-ish, I was like maybe 14, 15, early 90s.

Correct, John and Hill.

Yes.

Oh, yeah.

You can look up when this was.

Whenever Prince changed his name to a symbol, I found out about that at the weirdo artsy summer camp that I was at, this place where I sort of blossomed into, you know, becoming aware that there were compassionate humans in the world, that art was a beautiful thing, that it wasn't just like an assignment in school.

And I was like, oh, Prince, that guy's a weirdo.

I'll be a weirdo too.

And so I just want to put it out there that my changing the spelling of my name as like a 14, 15 year old to MYQ is you might be like, hey, that's a strange.

Is it an affectation?

Is it a choice?

Is it a weird thing?

It is.

But compared to what I was like, who I was learning, like I learned it by watching Prince and he had to make up like new, like you had to get a new keyboard or a new, at least a new plugin or something to even time.

I'm like, look, you can still use the same alphabet to spell my name the way that I'm doing it.

Do we have to do it on a favor?

Exactly.

You don't even have to use the Jewish alphabet.

No.

AKA Hebrew.

A.

I love it.

And so in a way, my name, Mike Kaplan, as I spell it strangely now is also an AKA of my original given name, Michael Adam Kaplan.

This is of course the end of my AKA, AKA, AMA.

The album came out on the 8th of May, 2020.

Thank you for listening to that.

But yeah, I.

Yeah.

Hey, you know what?

You're welcome.

I'm writing that.

I'm trying to figure something with stuff out.

So yes, I saw Prince.

I was like, that guy is doing something weird and cool and I'll do something weird and cool.

And then like maybe a few years later, I found out that his was for legal copyright reasons and he changed back and I'm like, well, I guess I'm weird and alone now and search engine optimization more than I was before.

Not even Prince had the courage to stick with it the way that you have.

So you are braver than Prince.

I think that that's true.

It's both.

I think it's both that I'm braver than Prince and that inertia is at this point, it's easier.

It's the easiest thing for me to do nothing.

Well, you mentioned search.

What do you call them?

Optimization, I mean, that is something that a lot of people don't think about, like the band X.

It's like, you know, I mean, who knew Google would be invented and that it was going to be impossible to find any sort of information about them.

And the Red Hot Chili Peppers, who knew that when they called their album, California Cation, that suddenly like a great TV show would come around and call themselves California Cation and then dip them down to page three, you know?

Or if you're just looking for something to add to your salad.

Or are we talking about X or California Cation?

Red Hot Chili Peppers.

Oh, I got it.

Do you know, here's a, I think, I think this is relevant and I think it's relevant because I'll be able to go to that.

Yeah, yeah, please.

I offer this in the game of is this relevant.

There's a guy who had, he chose his a vanity license plate to be X, X, X, X, X, X, X. And then one day he received like millions of dollars of tickets because that's what people, that's what police officers type in when they can't make out the license plate.

They just put in all X's.

Interesting.

And so he was able to get it, you know, dismissed because they're like, clearly all of these millions of tickets weren't yours.

But probably maybe some of them were his.

Maybe.

Yeah, this is a great scam.

Yes.

Wow.

Maybe he was the smallest of them all.

Oh, yes.

I mean, this is a lot like what I read on Ryan Johnson's Twitter about Columbus first name and how a certain encyclopedia said that it was Philip and it was a copyright trap in order to see if it was ever printed anywhere.

And then they would sue that place and trivial pursuit put it on one of their cards.

And so there's a wrong answer in trivial pursuit, which is the Columbus first name is Philip.

And he has no first name.

Wow.

And so did they sue?

Did they make a trivial?

They sued.

Yes.

And then they certainly did.

It was trivial dismissed.

Do you know, Scott, if those lawyers are still around doing well, you're going to need them.

I think you really are.

I want them on your team.

Yeah.

Well, speaking of teams, we have to get to the fourth person on the team of people who are on this episode.

She has been on the show a non-zero number of times, as I recall.

She is an acrobat.

Please welcome back to the show, Dagmar the Small.

Hello.

Thank you.

Thank you so much.

Oh, what a privilege and an honor.

Thank you.

It truly is.

Catch us up.

You haven't been on the show in many a year, at least in 12 months, certainly, if not more akin to 24.

Is that right?

I think it is.

It's the tween of maybe 12 and 24 months.

Right.

It's those in between ages that we don't know.

It actually might even be longer than 24 months.

Might be getting into those early teen years.

Right.

Yes.

It's a very strict turtle age, though, certainly.

No.

Not time to say bye-bye to turtles.

Well, we ever lived to see that.

Do you think we'll still be around hundreds of years from now?

I don't know whether someone as small as you lives longer.

Oh, thank you for noticing and for stating again that I am quite small and I have hollow bones.

And I do think- Is that like a compliment to you?

Me mentioning how small you are?

Of course.

Why would I be ashamed?

I am very small.

It is in my name, Dagmar the Small.

And I have hollow bones.

So I'm very good at floating and doing my tricks and my flips and my tricks.

And so I have a suspicion that I will live a very long time.

Now I don't know the year I was born.

You don't.

My birth certificate was lost to a goat.

But I suspect- Lost like a- By a goat or a bat?

Oh, it was lost to a goat in a wager.

Thank you so much.

Whoever said that.

It was a bet between not my parents, but my great uncle who stored all the paperwork of the family.

Oh, okay.

So you just pushed your gifts or it's not a gift certificate, although I would imagine maybe there were some gift certificates in there.

But all of the certificates he owned, he just pushed them all in?

Well, I was sort of one of the- it was my birth certificate, my cousin's car registration, and my aunt Trudy and uncle Carl's marriage certificate.

Oh no.

So he only had three things to keep track of.

What was the bet?

That boy.

Yeah, that boy.

The bet was who could eat more cans?

And- Oh no.

Why would he bet on that?

Did he- I don't know.

I gotta ask because I'm just one of these guys who got so no everything.

You got to ask.

Did he even eat one can?

Here's the thing.

He did manage to get one tuna fish can down.

Okay.

But the goat, the goat could do cans of beans.

Okay, so they were judging not only on number of cans, but size of cans?

Size of cans, Scott.

Because everyone knows the tuna is the disc of cans and you can sort of get that down a little quicker than a bean.

The tuna is the paper thin puzzle of cans.

That's right.

You could drop a tuna fish can off the Empire State Building and it would be bad, but less bad than a bean can.

Wow.

Hey, now Dagma, have you ever thought about jumping off that Empire State Building?

That would be quite an acrobatic feat.

And speaking of feat, you do have feet, by the way.

I do have- I promised to ask about that earlier.

Well you can see him right there in the zoom frame.

That's right.

You're one of the only guests that I've ever had on zoom where I can see your entire body.

Well, and I like that and it's a good reminder that I am, yes, very small.

And I do have feet, although I find that I use more of my upper body and my acrobatics, much more of my pecs, my tris, my lats.

Boy, you use a lot of lats when you're doing tricks, especially if I'm boinging off of something.

It's nice to have those feet, but I think I could boing without feet.

Technical term, is that just sort of an acrobatic tactical term?

Oh yes.

I think if you're not part of the business, you would say jump, but if you are an acrobat, you know- It's like a carny term, you know, like rubes and stuff like that.

That's right.

That's like- That's like- Opposite Fall.

Oh, look at that's very nice.

So that's me, you know, that's what I would do.

Thank you, I'll take it.

I mean, spring is an opposite fall when you think about it.

Yes, I see.

Is that what that's all about?

I think so.

Wow, Scott, you've been sitting on that, I feel.

I feel like that is maybe one of your best works.

Now, that's crazy because that makes me want to remind myself, always call it fall, never autumn, because autumn is the opposite of nothing but fall is the opposite.

A lot of people don't know this, but autumn is actually French for fall.

And French is the opposite of a good time, am I right?

That's one of your patented Dagmar slabs, of course.

I knew we would get to these.

You know how Slovenians and the French, they do not get along.

They do not get along for as long as I've known them too.

So where have you been not only in the past couple of years, but what's been going on with you in the last couple of months?

Thank you, Scott.

Well, you know, I feel like...

By the way, you don't have to thank me for everything I say.

Well, I don't know, Scott, thank you for saying that, but I feel like thank you for also letting me.

I like it because sometimes things get a little dicey as the wrong word, but people, it gets pretty filthy on this show.

It has befall.

Sure.

It's a...

This is the blue show.

We have a comedy bang bang, the regular shows, and this is of course the blue show.

I don't know, Mike, if you knew you were on the blue show.

Wait, this is the blue show?

What has been said that's blue?

Oh, nothing is bluer than shoveling puzzle pieces, Mr.

Lennon.

I mean, we all know what that really means.

Um, Scott, I have not been very many places physically, but I've been very many places emotionally since I last talked to you.

And you know, this is sort of wild, especially having a musician on with this episode that do you know that I've never done any of my acrobatics to any music before?

Really?

You performed to silence?

I performed.

I mean, other than of course the rapturous applause.

Or spoken word.

Spoken word like comedy.

Sometimes spoken word like comedy, and sometimes just the inhalation and exhalation of air, both me in preparing for my boings and the crowd as they see me float.

Wow.

Thank you.

You performed to like George Carlin's seven dirty words or famous comedy routines like what's that?

Cheech and Chong one?

They're asking about someone who's not here.

Dave is Dave.

Oh, who's on first?

Um, yes.

I've done some things to who is Dave and where is first?

That's the Slovenian version.

It's sort of a mashup of both of those records.

Who is Dave?

Where is he?

Is he on first?

Where is he?

How is third base?

I'm Dave.

You're on third.

How is it?

And how is it?

And how come we're not asking?

And what do you think third base is?

This is the blue show.

But what I'm at right now is I'm very excited because I've been performing with one Mr.

Jimmy Buffett in the background.

Wow.

I'm finding it very, very exciting.

We mentioned him at the top of the show and whoever submitted that catchphrase.

And I believe he's the grandson to Chaz Fremont.

That's right.

He seemed to not care for Jimmy Buffett's music.

Oh, well, and that is that I can tell you that didn't inform me at all.

This is a path I've been on for a year of just where is the cheeseburger and do we all define paradise the same?

And if I put my fins to the left, but you put your fins to the right, watch me do a flip.

So I feel like that's sort of where I've been at.

And it's been, well, thank you.

It's been well.

Thank you.

Oh, I did.

I don't think any of us said anything, but you said thank you.

Oh, thank you.

I was thinking, I was thinking, good job, Dagnol.

Oh, okay.

Thank you.

And I knew it.

And thank you.

Which one of you is telepathic?

Is it you, John, or is it you, Dagmar?

How does that look?

If it is me, I can't think I can't hear any of your thoughts.

Maybe it's maybe it's both of you.

Like you each have a half of the amulet that no in no other situation.

Would you be able to communicate with each other?

Yeah.

But you're like long lost twins.

Let's test this out.

What do you say, John?

Do you want to think something in Dagmar?

You will see if you pick up anything.

Yeah, hold on.

Give me a second to think of something.

Oh, okay.

I got it.

Oh, you got it.

Okay.

Dagmar, what do you have?

I'm getting something funny, which is what if I try the turquoise belt?

All right.

Thank you for saying.

Wait a minute.

I thought maybe it's.

John, you're acting a little like someone in a magic show who the magician guesses the wrong card and you're trying to go along with it in order to not spoil the show.

Is that what you were actually thinking?

I was no, I wanted to make Dagmar feel better.

I was not thinking that.

I'm sorry.

What were you thinking?

Powdah blue.

I was thinking Powdah blue.

Oh, wait.

So you were thinking about this for belt.

So, well, obviously I'm never not thinking about my baby.

Maybe that's just the way Dagmar interprets colors.

Is she?

Oh, yeah.

Oh, this is great.

Have you ever thought that your green is not the same as my green?

My green is the same as everyone's green and I refuse to accept anything different.

You know, I wonder if there is something between a man who at the die 10 times and a woman with hollow bones that there is sort of a breakdown in the normal barriers we have, but maybe you need to think about it.

It's got to do something.

Maybe the hollow bones.

I mean, maybe our skulls naturally fend off telepathic thoughts and yours is, you know, puzzle thin.

And so those thoughts are getting in there.

Thank you.

I was worried that many of my quarantine cooks were making me less puzzle thin, but thank you for saying that.

And I do think, yes, I am letting it in.

In fact, I feel like now that I'm opening myself up, I am perceiving many other shouts and murmurs around me.

Did you say you have quarantine cooks?

Is that what you, what you said?

Oh, you know, Scott, how some people are doing puzzles and some people are watching hard, hard shows they've been putting off because they think now's the time and then they think now's not the time.

And then many people have been doing quarantine cooks like, Oh, I may pasta from scratch.

Hey, can you believe it sourdough?

So what have you been making?

Hey, can you believe it sourdough?

I wish I was saying the answer is a lot of enchilada casseroles.

Oh, okay.

Like at one time, just more than one PP as we used to say.

Thank you.

Yes.

Well, very many of them.

Yes.

Well, no, I have won the day one enchilada casserole a day plus vitamins.

I hope can.

Can you describe exactly what a casserole is?

Because it's something that I asked this question a lot and I never retain it.

Thank you, Mike.

Well, I'll tell you that what I think a casserole is is something that is made up of gushy layers that you can put in some sort of baking dish and then bake it to make it a thing.

So like a soup doesn't have layers, which is what makes it a soup, although it may have the same ingredients as a casserole.

Is that true?

A soup has no layers.

A soup has no depth.

Is a pot pie.

Pot pie.

But Mike, you and I said it at the exact same time.

Pot pie.

Wait a minute.

You don't want to be one of you.

We're telepathic.

Yes.

Oh, yes.

That's very exciting.

No, it's not a casserole.

It's not a casserole.

Does it's an encore?

Yeah.

What color belt are you thinking you should wear?

Turquoise blue.

Oh, wait.

You just said what you thought.

So of course I heard it unless you were just thinking it.

No, I was just thinking it.

Oh my God.

Turquoise blue.

Wow.

Yeah.

Yeah, I was looking at Mike's screen.

I didn't hear him.

I didn't hear his.

Oh my God.

He is my move.

So a pot pie is not a casserole?

No, thank you.

I think a pot pie is a small meat pie.

And the casserole, I believe though it can have some breading components usually more like the top.

It doesn't have a cross bottom.

It's probably all this pot pie talk.

I'm one of Harry Larry Plata's favorites.

Even you are confusing it.

It's because I don't have it right in front of me.

One of his favorite food is pot pie.

He eats it but he's writing.

Can I ask you will Jim Dale also do Larry Plata's?

If he wants to return my phone calls he can.

I've been calling him for years before I even started writing.

Well, what a wonderful soothing voice and he does the voices and the accents and everything.

He's the best.

Oh, thank you, Jim Dale.

Thank you.

What he could do with car mechanics for dummies or something like that.

Oh, I bet he could bring it to life.

Run, give me that.

Harry, he's very good.

Well speaking of bringing it to life, we have John Lennon here who brought himself to life.

We do need to take a break.

We'll be right back with more John Lennon.

More Mike Kaplan, whose record AKA is in stores.

And Dagmar, I really want to nail you down.

Oh no, please not through my hollow bones.

We're going to find out exactly what you've been up to.

We'll be right back with more comedy bang bang after this.

Comedy bang bang we are back.

We have Mike Kaplan, whose record AKA is out right now.

How long does this sucker run and how many tracks we got?

Oh, great question.

It's 17 tracks.

Whoa, baby.

So the middle track number nine, all the tracks are named with three different aspects of.

Number nine, boy, that sounds familiar, right?

Oh, don't get.

Don't get me stoned going on that.

This is really something.

That's the number of the cloud I'm on right now also.

But right in the middle of the album is a joke about inception, which sort of travels through the theme of the structure of the album as well.

So the first track is about bathrooms.

The last track is about bathrooms.

And there's all these parentheses that get opened and closed.

And right in the middle is inception.

I've got a question, a very simple question about the album.

At what point or does Sinbad show up?

Oh, well, here is one of the main themes, as I mentioned earlier, is to not murder.

And so that is to say, to live your life as kindly as possible, as best you can, which is to say that you should do good works, which is to say, Sinbad.

That's what I'm saying.

Oh, Sin equals bad.

Yes.

I love it.

Wow, amazing.

When he came to Slovenia, he would perform another name, Bad Sin, which I thought was very fun because it was like, Oh, some sins, they're not so bad.

Right.

Where do you fall on gluttony?

Because as far as I know, you can't prosecute for it.

No, you can't prosecute for that.

That's why I eat as many inch, a lot of casseroles and never pay my taxes.

Wow.

Oh my God.

She just took off.

Oh my goodness.

This is the first acrobatic instance that we've had on the show.

Oh, wow.

The athleticism.

I'm going, going, going.

Oh, the opposite of fall.

Look at that.

Amazing.

Offering around the whole screen.

Well, we also have John Lennon here who, John, you ever get your guitar back?

I mean, I can only imagine during quarantine not having that guitar though.

No, no, no.

The skeleton finger whammy bar.

Yeah, the skeleton finger whammy bar.

I'm told while Ringo still has the guitar, he tells me it's all intact.

The whammy bar, the fingers doing great.

But I don't want to talk to him or see him.

He's not been taking care of himself during quarantine.

What's been going on with Ringo?

Ringo, he spends most of his time going to these underground rave type things.

He's hugging everybody and kissing everybody and doing all the drugs and everything.

Doing the peace signs and saying lots of love.

He's doing lots of love for what he tells me.

Oh, no.

Is he signing autographs?

Because he said he wouldn't do that anymore.

He's doing that and then some.

Oh, no.

He's taking selfies with people.

He told me.

Oh, so you're mad at him.

I'm still mad at it.

Always mad at him.

Love him to death.

Hate him all the time.

Ringo's the best friend, the worst enemy.

Those sound like good lyrics.

Love him to death.

Hate him all the time.

That was all good lyrics.

If only I had my goddamn guitar with me to.

Oh, I'm so sorry.

Terrible.

So we also have Dagmar the small here who I believe is almost about to land.

I'm not quite sure.

Oh, okay.

Here she is.

Hey, thank you very much.

You are quite well.

Thank you very much.

Unfinished book of Larry Potter.

So Dagmar, you've been cooking casseroles.

Do you have anyone special in your life?

I'm not at the moment, Scott.

I'm sort of a I'm a lone sheep and I like to just sort of follow my own way most of the time.

I was a short period of time.

I was a I did have a partner in acrobatics, but he left me to a starting burgeoning leather wallet business.

And so now I am back on my own.

What is a weather wallet business?

A leather wallet.

Oh, leather.

I thought you said a weather.

A weather wallet, which I would rather be cold or whether the wallet be full.

We'll be together whatever the wallet.

If it is a bill full.

That's right.

Very good, Scott.

Thank you.

That's a song.

That's a song right there.

That's a leather wallet would be not a good weather wallet because if it gets wet, it would be ruined.

Well, it depends.

Red leather or yellow leather.

Okay, that's true.

So he left to get out of acrobatics entirely.

That's right.

Oh, okay.

So now I'm just back on my own, but it's very nice.

I'm in a small farm in the Slovenian wilderness and I've sort of, well, it's crazy because you're not going to believe this.

But right now, my only real friend is a goat.

Not that goat, but just a goat.

When you say that goat, I'm thinking of Michael Jordan.

He's the goat in my life.

I'm thinking of Ring Goat Star.

Would that be a good name for a goat?

And I'm thinking Tony, the winner of this season of Survivor Winners at War.

Sure, of course.

We all know that.

Mike, you have a question?

Yes.

I've, thank you very much for taking my question.

It's going to seem like a serious question, but it will not be one.

But I had a thought about acrobatics recently, like in this conversation.

The same way that I think, Scott, you delighted in discovering that spring and fall were opposites.

It seemed that that happened in real time or you're a great actor.

With Bill Maher.

And yes, he's actually just to my left here, but I just want to talk.

And I would, I'm Marr Bill from Talking.

I'm Slovenian in part.

So my question is just pretending to Batman, who we brought up earlier, like, I never thought about this.

Do you think that he calls what he does acrobatics?

That's the only reason I wanted to ask the question, sincere question.

Oh my gosh.

She's somehow that sent her off.

She's now flying around the room.

Or that Mr. Kaplan.

I will do my very signature move where I hold my own breath and float around the room.

Oh, this is like the question.

Gravitational pull of the moon suddenly here.

Her bones are so hollow.

Oh, you have to say in the story, if there is gravity in my show, there is gravity.

Oh my gosh.

And thank you.

Oh, she's back down.

Dagwell, have you ever tried to hold you?

How long can you hold your breath?

I would hate to see if you held it for over six minutes because then I feel like you would just fly off into the sun.

Well, don't hold your breath.

I want to say that acrobatics made me so happy that I needed to whip and zwang around the room.

And I'm so sorry that I had to sort of put that in my body before I could even answer the question.

Oh, to answer the other question, the longest I've ever held my breath was for five minutes and 14 seconds.

Oh, OK.

Do you vape though?

I never vape.

OK, so I never vape.

Oh, you're one of those never vapors.

Oh, I'm a never vapor.

Oh, this is the first never vapor.

You've had on your show every single.

That's what we've never said.

I mean, much like, you know, we should have disclosed the gravity.

We never disclosed on comedy, bang, bang, that every single guest has been vaping throughout the entire show.

So this is the first never vapor we've ever had on.

Wow.

So it's it's one of the main reasons it took me so long to come back because that's been a new rule.

And I said, oh, I cannot vape.

Well, look, guys, we are running out of time.

We just have time for one final feature here on the show.

And that is a little something called plugs.

Just give me plus into my ear.

I can't make it.

Turn in our clear.

The words, the words, the words, the words, the words, the words.

I can't make it.

Turn in our clear.

The words, the words, the words, the words, the words.

I want to.

All right.

That was.

What was that?

That was 80s plugs theme by Vida.

What's on a fight?

No, unfortunately, Madge is not with us.

It is instead of Vida, Vida, cah, perhaps is how you pronounce that.

Not quite sure.

But if you have a plugs theme and a way to pronounce the name of your band, please send it to us.

Guys, what are we plugging?

Let's just type it again.

Yeah.

And you only have to use the English alphabet that you're using.

You know, it's not even any other alphabet.

Just let me know how to say it.

Mike, what are we plugging?

Obviously your album, AKA is out right now.

Yeah, I'm also excited to create a plugs theme for you.

So look at that into your I'm plugging my future plugs theme.

So yeah, my album, AKA is all the, but you're listening to a podcast.

You could certainly find an album.

I really believe.

Look, if you have time for this bullshit, you have time for Mike's record, obviously.

It is something that I'm very proud of and happy with.

I think it's the best album of comedy that I have created and a lot of people have been liking it.

And then I also have a podcast called Broccoli and Ice Cream that comes out one episode a week for free and one on Patreon.

And I think it'll start in a new podcast soon called The Faucet where I turn on and just don't stop talking until I turn it off.

So look out for that in the future as well.

And my social media is Mike Kaplan spelled with the regular language in the weird way I do.

Wonderful.

John, what are you plugging here?

For me, you know, get out there and listen to Gal Gadot's music video with my song.

So you, yeah, we didn't cover this.

You liked that?

I was supposed to be a part of it.

I got all confused as to what the hell we were doing.

Were you playing back a bass on it?

What exactly?

No, I was, I thought we were doing a rapper's delight.

Oh, we were doing Suga Hill gay because I thought that would be fun and I, we had talked about she and I and then I guess I didn't get the message that she was putting together imagine.

And so I said.

Okay, this might have been Cal Solomon who contacted you.

He of course was an original member of the Suga Hill gang.

I don't know if you've ever met him on any of your travels.

I see him.

Oh, I probably see him what three times a month.

Wow.

Wonderful.

All right.

And Dagmar, what do you have to plug here?

Well, I just think everyone take their time be easy on themselves, give themselves patience and kindness, make a casserole and kick back and listen to a last mango in Paris.

Okay.

And no, no other podcast that you enjoy or?

I mean, I feel like if you know, you know.

Okay, sure.

I want to plug, I think today is the last day for anyone to watch the comedy bang bang TV show on Netflix.

I think it goes away tomorrow.

So I try to cram them all in today.

All of it?

All of it everywhere.

That sucks.

Yeah.

Not like that.

I do think some of them may be on Pluto if you can figure out that as well as the gravity there is who knows what.

Yeah, who even knows?

I mean, I feel like take one breath and you're up flying into the sun.

Oh, no.

There she goes.

Oh my goodness.

Also, you can watch the between two ferns movie on Netflix as well as the if you never saw it.

Look, if you're one of those people who's like, it's going to take a worldwide pandemic for me to get around to watching the Michael Bolton's big sexy Valentine's Day special.

Well, it happened.

You may as well get to it now.

All right.

Let's close up the old plug bag.

You start with a seal when you want.

Now close it up.

You leave.

You with an L and then you hold.

We left the blow bag.

Pull me off the mask.

Shake your hand and open it up.

I'm going to be a little bit more.

I think slowing down the tempo for that remix was the right call.

What do you think?

I could have gone longer.

I'm going to be.

I forgot to plug something.

I can't do it.

I will allow it.

This is special law and order rules.

Watch yourself, counselor.

Go ahead.

I just want to say my favorite rock and roll group, the sloppy boys have an album coming out this summer.

Oh, okay.

Interesting.

So your favorite of all time or your current favorite of all time?

So better than the Beatles?

I think so.

Mainly because of the typo.

I can't even get past the name of the Beatles.

You think I'm going to listen to that crap?

All right, guys.

Well, I want to thank you so much for being here.

Mike, it's so great to see you again.

Same.

I hope everything, oh gosh, I have such trouble with the dismount, which I know Dagmar doesn't have.

But you would think my feet could propel me better, but I was going to say I hope all of your show business dreams come true.

Is that a good compliment for someone?

I like it.

I'll say I hope that all of everyone's show business dreams and non show business dreams come true.

Right, and I hope you never die.

John, I hope drums of course, but even if you do die, I would imagine you'll decide not to for the 12th time.

Dagmar, she's still up there in the air.

Oh my gosh.

Thank you.

Oh, yeah, of course.

Thank you, Dagmar.

All right, we'll see you next time.

Thanks.

Bye.

♪♪ .
