There's no time like the present.

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

Okay.

Well, I guess catchphrase submissions can be, can now just be aphorisms.

Well, thank you so much to, oh, okay, thank you to Prolapseed Famous for that catchphrase submission.

Thank you so much to Prolapseed Famous.

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

This is a great episode we have.

By the way, my name is Scott Ockerman.

I'm the host of Comedy Bang Bang.

Coming up very soon we have a world class director.

Is that a way to describe this person?

World class?

Certainly one of the few directors who has name recognition and facial recognition software installed in his cameras.

No, I mean, what I mean to say is that people know him as a celebrity director.

I can only think of perhaps Martin Scossese.

And I'm trying to think of Spike Lee, of course.

Those are the only celebrity directors that I can think of.

But he has a new movie, The King of Staten Island, coming up this Friday on VOD Everywhere.

Judd Apatow will be with us coming up in a second.

We also have several other people here that we're going to be talking to.

But before we get to them, I wanted to talk to our friend.

She was on the show about a month ago when all of the tumult in the world started going down.

And I wanted to check in with her because last time we spoke, things were, seemed a little dicey with her.

Of course, I'm talking about our friend who owns the W Hotel, but not all of the W Hotel.

Somehow she's managed to carve out just the one in Hollywood where she manages it and she also apparently has a side hustle going on where she gives the clients kisses if they want.

Of course, we're talking about our friend Bean Dip. Bean Dip, hello.

Hi, T.S. My son hustle is inside the W.S. a bliss spa inside the W Hotel Hollywood.

So during the quarantine times, and I know last time we talked to you, we sort of got a little bit of a sense of this.

But during the quarantine times, we all need to be social distancing.

Your business seems to have taken a hit. Is that right?

Well, it took a little bit over here because people started, people started feeling weird about sleeping on sheets that somebody else left on just like a few hours before.

But I try to put up signs all over it.

Wait a minute. Do you not, do you not clean the sheets?

Oh, no, no, no, no.

That's a W standard. You can go varsalana W, you can go to Dallas Texas, but W, you can go to a B.S.A.W.

Nobody cleans the sheets. It's a thing. It's considered in quotes sexy, appealing, wonderful.

Okay, so when people go into sleep at the W, it's part of the appeal.

They want to smell whatever sex business has gone on there in the previous...

It's gone gross. Gross. They're gross. You're gross, man.

They're trying to smell another human being's essence.

They're trying to smell the joy, the lifeblood, the passion of another person.

It's about trying to smell those sex juices.

Gross, Scott.

You can smell this ex-juicess, though, right?

Yes, you can. But that's all part of the thing.

No W watches sheets. I've abide by the rules, even though I just own W Hollywood.

You're purely a franchisee of this, sort of like if you were to own a subway.

I don't mean the subway system, but I mean the subway sandwich restaurant shop?

Yes, it's a franchise like Subway Sandwich restaurant shop.

But no lettuce at the W. Thank you, Chuck.

No lettuce, no washing the sheets. What are your other rules there at the W?

No lettuce, no one. No washing the sheets, no one too.

Number three, if you walk in, you better get those shoes off.

Number four.

Wait, people have to take their shoes off at the W now?

Yes, in the lobby.

Number four rule, if you are not willing to have your hair braided, don't come here.

So everyone, I'm just imagining the process of going to a W hotel.

You immediately have to take off your shoes and then you step into a hair braiding salon.

Or a greeting line or?

Gross.

What is gross?

You're not trying to get into hair braiding salon, man.

Look, you try to get in.

You go up to the receptionist, she will take you into a dark room to the side.

Then she will braid three strands of your hair and you can...

Three strands.

What do you think a braid is?

Well, I think a braid is taking a bunch of strands in one hand, a bunch of strands in another, crossing them over, but just three singular strands of hair are braided.

That's right.

Is that some sort of identification system for hotel security to know that they're a guest or something?

That's how we know they're a guest.

Look, nobody's trying to go on public with a fat braid.

We just try to make it subtle, appealing, so when they walk in, we go, okay, I said, okay, I see the three strands.

I know how to spot this.

They are a guest here.

Okay.

So how is business during the quarantine?

I mean, people are not wanting to commingle as much as, oh, bad, you say?

Bad.

It's very bad.

Do you have any guests at all at this point?

We have a couple, but let me be real with you.

I'm getting tired of them.

I'm like, oh, I'm going to stay through it.

And I'm like, look, I'm tired of kissing y'all.

Please move out of the W.

It seems like they would have their own multi-million dollar estate somewhere.

They all decided to move into the W's.

That's so they can all sort of, I know celebrities, they have a lot of hookups.

It's a big hookup culture there in Hollywood.

Is that so they can all, they all say like, okay, all of us in the W, we make a pledge.

They're going to have their own pod.

We're not going to see anyone else, but we're all going to have sex with each other.

Well, it's just, it's a real small pod.

It's me, they're on the capillos, they're on, and then like four people who make the food at W.

So, but do you have any, I know that business is bad.

Do you have any sort of like other gigs that you've taken any sort of other business opportunities that have, that have come up for you?

Uh huh.

Well, you know, I used to sell hot dogs and make them very a lot of money.

And I started back doing that again, but I'm also doing regular winners, but they are a different thing because I slice them down the middle.

So you get two for the price of one.

Wait a minute.

So you just cut the hot dogs in half.

Slice down the middle.

Not in half.

I'm not talking about two chunks.

I'm talking about a thin slice down the middle.

Wait, so you're, you're not separating them or you are separating them.

It seems like you are separating them so you could claim two for the price of one.

But when you say it's not, it's not in half, either you cut it length.

If you cut it lengthwise, it is in half.

If you cut it widthwise, it doesn't necessarily have to be in half.

You would have to cut it at precisely.

Why are we getting in the weeds on this?

I'm just saying you're cutting it in half.

I don't know why we're trying to get into weeds on this.

This is trying to get real murky, but everybody wants a good deal or some fresh vegetables and some fresh food right now.

I'm trying to give that.

So you're just cutting things in half and saying that people, you're getting two for the price of one.

I think that seems like a cheat.

You also got two buns.

You got extra onions.

You also got the special thing that I put on every hot dog.

A whole hostess cupcake.

That sounds kind of disgusting.

Also you get a record.

You get a like a vinyl record?

A vinyl.

Like an LP.

Your choice.

Favourite man.

New or old.

See, so are you carrying enough records in your stockpile that you can service anyone's choice of record?

I sent out a teenage intern.

He runs to the record store.

He gets whatever they want.

They get it for free.

Sometimes the records cost $30.

They get it for free.

So, but they have to wait around for it.

It seems like this could take up to up to 17 hours.

If one has to go to several record stores.

Oh, man.

I came recently and he wanted, he wanted, will it?

The sky keeps on turning.

My teenage intern had to go to Cleveland.

That's a very popular record.

I don't know why he could have found it in LA against Corona.

Who sang that Kansas?

Yeah, Kansas, but with a K.

I don't know any other way that you would spell Kansas.

Well, you spell also with the seed like when is it the material that tempts are made out of?

That's Canvas, not Kansas.

Okay, SNOB.

Okay.

So, you know how to spell snob unless you're trying to spell something else.

I do.

I know how to spell everything.

Okay.

So, and how much are you charging for this whole hot dog experience?

You get two complete buns, a lot of onions, apparently.

A whole host is cupcake on each hot dog and then a free record of your choice.

How much, how much does all of this hot dog experience cost you?

Prepare to go back in time.

The whole hot dog experience costs 75 cents.

How are you making any money on this?

I mean, that's like, bitch, I make all my money at the W Hollywood bench.

That's like Cody Island in the 50s prices.

So you don't care about making money.

I make so much money Scott.

I make more money than Michael Jordan, man.

More money than Michael Jordan currently because I think he was an executive producer on that last dance.

So he has some sort of income coming in.

I would imagine he has space jam residuals.

Uh huh.

I make more money than Michael Jordan.

Man, I make more money than Bill Gates.

Man, I make more money than Jay Z.

Dog.

Are you independently wealthy or how are you making all of this money?

I mean, have you heard or seen the beauty of the W Hollywood?

I have.

What's the game?

You're staying there.

That's right now.

But let me tell you something.

People walk past their cell taken with the passion and beauty of the building itself.

They walk in.

They drop money on the lobby floor.

I walk every morning.

I walk in there from coming from your attic.

There is at least $200,000 on the lobby floor.

So there's $200,000 on the floor and approximately it seems like 14 shoes.

Not that many people are there.

I'm not saying 14 pairs of shoes.

I'm saying 14 shoes because of the seven of you.

Yes, I'm about 14.

Will you apologize to me, Bean Dip?

I'm sorry, baby.

Thank you.

I appreciate that.

Well, Bean Dip, I almost forgot your name there for a second.

Sorry.

Hey, you almost forgot my name?

I almost I don't know how because it's so unique.

Such a unique name.

I don't know that we've ever even spoken about how you have a process name.

Speak on that.

Okay.

As they say.

All my verses difficult was Sally John Kirk.

But I said.

Stella Dunkirk?

Sally Dunkirk.

Sally.

Sorry.

Like the basketball player, but with a why?

Sure.

Who are we talking about?

Someone named Sally.

The last name of Sally.

Wasn't there a basketball man named John Sally?

John Sally.

That's what it was.

You have basketball on the mind.

That's right.

Are you a fan?

Oh, man.

I'm a big fan of everything where they run and throw.

Okay.

So pretty much football.

I'm trying to think of other things where people run and throw.

Basketball.

Baseball.

Tour de France.

All right.

Well, Sally Dunkirk is your Christian name.

Why did you change it to being dead?

Because I don't know if you have ever had a can of a dip opened in front of you and the delicious smell, the creamy texture.

It takes you straight to heaven.

And I thought, you know what?

That's me in this life.

I'll take you straight to heaven.

Well, you certainly are not boring being dip.

It's always fascinating to talk to you.

Now you're going to be sort of my co-host here with me today.

So what I want from you is I want you to just jump in anytime there's any kind of a lull.

And even if there's not a lull.

I just want you to jump in.

We have a big, very successful producer and director and writer here with us, Judd Apatow.

And I want your unique perspective in there.

And I need you to ask him the questions that maybe I'm too afraid to ask because I'm, you know, I mean, this is access journalism at its worst.

I'm sort of a Hollywood insider as well.

And he knows I'm not going to ask him, you know, terrible questions.

So I need you to be sort of my backup, you know, getting in there and asking the tough questions that I'm too afraid.

Well, get ready because you're going to be scared for this whole deal.

This whole deal, Hollyfield.

I don't know if you know who that is.

They don't throw anything.

Well, I guess they throw punches.

They throw punches.

I know who I've been to Hollyfield.

They throw punches.

I don't know that boxers run around.

They basically bounce.

Have you seen Rocky?

But I guess now I'm thinking of a boxing match.

If both people were just running as fast as they could around the ring, it would look very comical, wouldn't it?

I mean, but instead they're just kind of bouncing.

That would be great, a bit like watching a real person cartoon.

OK, well, let's get to our guest of honor, not that you're not a guest of honor being dip, but of course you are more of my co-host this episode.

He of course is a wonderful producer, writer.

I would even consider him to be an actor.

He was an actor on my television show, although maybe more of a celebrity being interviewed.

I don't know.

I think some acting came into it.

I believe he outlines.

It was the finale.

Well, it was Reggie's finale.

Yes, I see it as the finale.

So you think my show did not...

Wait, was it also the first episode?

You'd consider it to be the only episode that ever occurred because it's the only one you were on?

I considered it to be a short film that could have been an Oscar-nominated short.

Well, speaking of the Oscars, he is going for it with his new film.

He of course directed it.

Did you co-write this one?

I did with Pete Davidson and Dave Cyrus.

Also produced it.

It comes out this Friday, June 12th on VOD, which as far as I'm concerned stands for video on demand.

I don't know if everyone feels that way.

It's called the King of Staten Island, starring Pete Davidson.

Please welcome back to the show, Judd Apatow.

Hello.

It's good to be here.

This is the Oscar campaign.

This is the entire campaign.

This is the entirety of it.

So no ads in trades.

I'm going to call everybody.

I'll call everybody directly.

I'll get the list and just call like retired actresses in Santa Barbara and ask for their votes.

So you have the when you join the Academy, you get everyone's phone number?

I mean, this is membership has its privileges, I guess.

Oh, I got Clint Eastwood's phone number.

I got Fred Gwyn's phone number.

All the members of the Academy.

And speaking of the Oscars, this was a canny move, I thought, because no other movies are going to come out this year.

But you are coming out.

A lot of everyone else is like, hey, we're going to delay for a year.

We're going to come out in 2021.

And you took a look at the landscape and you were like, what do we have?

We have bad boys for life.

We have Sonic the Hedgehog.

I mean, I can win against these things.

I'm putting out my movie.

You're going to be one of only like a handful of the invisible man.

You're going to be like one of 10 movies that came out this year.

You're going to sweep.

I'm going to lose to Scooby-Doo.

That's going to be the tragic part.

Not the new movie Scoob, but just you're going to lose to the performer Scooby-Doo.

Yeah, I feel like this is really my only shot.

This is an asterisk season of film.

This is like a strike season.

Yeah.

And I'm going to slip in.

What had the asterisk on it?

And baseball was at the 61 or something like that.

I seem to remember something like that.

61, and then I had that little star next to it.

Was that what it was?

That is it.

It's 61 with the asterisk.

Thank you, Bean Dip.

By the way, Judd, this is Bean Dip.

I don't know.

Have you ever come across her in your travels, maybe at the W Hotel?

Hi, baby.

Yeah.

I've been at those hotels.

They're fantastic.

She only owns one.

He's been to the one and only one believe me, we know each other.

Okay.

That's what we were going to have our after party for our premiere.

And then we had to cancel the after party and the premiere.

And now it's just at home.

So we're going to miss going there.

Yeah.

Is that the worst part of this pandemic canceling premieres?

You know, for me, I love premieres.

The whole time we make the movie all I'm thinking of is who's coming to the premiere?

Will it be at man's Chinese or in Westwood?

I don't even really care about the movie as much as getting deeply involved in what are the entrees.

What are the past apps?

Yeah.

It's, you know, is Todd Glass going to show up at the premiere?

Does he bring a live drummer with him?

And because that's his move.

I'm sure you've talked about this.

Well, he brings it Jeep.

He brings it Jeep and he put a backdrop on the back of a Jeep and he does stand up on the back of a Jeep.

Do you remember that period of Todd Glass when he was doing stand up on the back of a truck?

Of course I do.

Those are great years.

So, Judd, the King of Staten Island is the movie.

It no longer is coming on theaters.

Did you get a chance to see it with an audience?

Comedy's are always, of course, better when viewed with a group of people.

But did at least, did you test it in front of an audience?

Were you able to do that?

We did.

We did four or five tests.

So my only experience of it with an audience is the version where they get people from the mall to see your movie, mainly for shelter.

And then afterwards, they grabbed 20 of them who mercilessly criticized you because it's just exciting to get asked, what would you change?

What's the most insane thing that anyone said to you during one of these?

I just experienced it with the Between Two Ferns movie and I had a guy who basically, like you said, just was a complete asshole about it and pointing out nitpicking and pointing out these terrible things.

And then as he left the theater, he figured out I was somewhat important with the movie because I was sitting in the back.

And he kind of I fucked me and he said, you better fix this.

I mean, he walked out of the theater.

What are some of the insane things that people have said during your movies?

Well, during the, one of the screenings, someone said, I just thought the end of the movie, Pete, you should like, we'll walks down the street and then he walks in the NBC and then he goes up the elevator and he's on Saturday Night Live.

I mean, when you, when you say it out loud, it's not the worst idea I've ever heard.

I remember when we were testing Anchorman or, or Tallahig a night after we would do the test, Adam McKay would always spontaneously go into his bit, which was the focus group testing of the last temptation of Christ.

So who here liked the crucifixion scene?

Who here thought maybe we could tighten that up a little bit?

Well speaking of Pete going on Saturday Night Live, this movie focuses on Pete and is sort of semi-autobiographical, although it's sort of Pete's life if he never became a comedian.

Is that sort of the context of it?

I mean, that was really how we approached it, which is in real life, Pete is obviously a very ambitious guy.

He started doing stand-up when he was 15 years old and was on Saturday Night Live by the time he was 20.

So he's not a stone guy sitting on his couch all day long, lost.

But the movie is a little bit of an imagining of how badly his life could have gone.

If he didn't find a passion and he was really struggling and, you know, in the movie his mom hasn't really dated since the dad who was a fireman died in a fire and she starts dating for the first time when his sister leaves for college.

And it's another fireman played by Bill Burr and that forces him to confront all the issues he has around losing his dad and, you know, why he's not doing better in life.

And that was based on Pete's actual experiences.

His father was a firefighter who lost his life in 9-11.

Isn't that right?

That is right.

And I think that, you know, that's a big burden for anybody to carry because it's not just, you know, losing a parent.

It's also attached to this national tragedy which affected everybody.

And Pete's been very open and also hilarious about all of the, you know, of the ways that that, you know, scrambles a young person's mind.

So you mentioned Bill Burr, he, of course, you know, very talented stand-up comedian.

Most of the cast, it seems, is filled with stand-up comedians.

You have, of course, most notably you have Rich Voss and Bonnie McFarland who are there in the restaurant.

But you know, you have Bill Burr, you have Jimmy Tattro.

Ricky Vallez.

Derek Gaines.

Lisa Traeger.

Lynn Coplets.

Lynn Coplets, of course.

How could we forget?

Do you like working with stand-up comedians as actors?

Does it give you something that you can't find with, you know, the people who went to Juilliard?

Well, it's mainly that I'm very anti-Julliard.

Okay.

Even Juilliard School of Music?

Yeah.

I mean, you know, if we're recording the score and if violinists went to Juilliard, I kick them out.

I don't, I'm a very against.

I'm against over-training, you know, I like kind of a lack of training, which is, I guess, harder for violinists.

Sure.

A lack of training.

I guess we need more training doing that.

But I like to cast people who are close to the lead or the writer, you know, you know, when we're doing the big sick, you know, we asked Camille, you know, who, who do you think should be in this world?

And he'll mention comedians that I don't know.

And Amy Schumer recommended Pete Davidson when we did train rack and she wanted Colin Quinn to play her dad.

It seems like it.

And people know each other really well.

They also know what's funny and interesting about each other and you get to a better place some of the time.

King of Staten Island, it comes out this Friday and it's, how do people get it on VOD?

What do they actually do?

Because I don't even think I've ever ordered a movie on VOD.

You know, they said they were going to email me a document explaining where it was.

So I can't really tell you, but what they basically said to me was it's just, it's just everywhere.

If you're watching like a game on ESPN, there'll be a button to switch to the movie.

If you're watching 90 day fiance, you could swipe up and it'll be the movie.

Amazon, Apple, like anything you're doing, the TV is going to constantly say, would you rather watch the King of Staten Island right now?

So what game would people be watching on ESPN at this point?

Because I noticed they've just been doing a lot of reruns of like the most famous games in history in case you miss sports.

It's probably a lumberjack competition.

And by the way, those are still happening.

They refuse to isolate themselves.

Well, I mean, they're just like rolling around on a log all day.

I mean, it's a very singular sport.

Yeah, there's not that.

Well, sometimes you're the two man saw, but the sauce are usually longer than six feet.

So there that is old new.

And season is not slowed down at all.

Were you upset that you weren't invited into that Gal Gadot imagine song?

I can only imagine, I mean, I'm imagining right now that any celebrity who wasn't asked to be a part of that has to sort of half feel like, damn, why wasn't I invited?

And then the other half started like, Oh man, I dodged a bullet on that one.

You do notice, you do notice and you look at who's on it and you think, okay, that person I can see why they would ask before me, but that person should get asked after me.

Who do you think you were in the pecking order above when it came to that imagine video?

Well, I thought that I should have been asked before the blonde boy from Hannah Montana, but I thought I think I have more awareness than that kid.

So there were definitely at least three people, you know, the girl from victorious.

There were a lot of Disney stars that I felt like haven't really done well when their show ended and that I'm more successful than now.

It doesn't make sense.

I'm not sure I would have said yes.

I'm not really known for my singing.

Like I am good at it, but it's not something I've shared yet.

I don't know if I'm ready to share it yet.

It turns out that the singing actually was not that important to that video.

You know, when people said they didn't like the singing of the video, I didn't get it.

I was like, that's your jam.

You know what?

I like this new strip down, no auto tuning.

Everyone doing things at home.

We can finally see how well people sing, how well they play the guitar, how funny they are without all the tricks.

I feel like the pandemic is a conspiracy that everyone below the line has inflicted upon show business because you're just seeing how important lighting is and sound and, you know, all the stuff that actors like to disguise and make up.

You know, I mean, all of these jobs that that disguise how awkward and how kind of a maskulating acting actually is.

Because some people look great, right?

Like they know how to do the makeup for this new world.

Reese Witherspoon never looked better than I watched real sports last night.

Brian Gumbel needs his person.

He needs his person.

Here it is, we all know that person is an essential worker for Brian Gumbel.

You seem okay because you seem like you have a lot of natural light.

Bean tip, anything you want to ask about the books behind him?

Judd has a stack of approximately, eh, this seems to be 300 books behind you.

Well, I've zoomed in on a few of them.

And I can see that about 40 of them are about how to cook crab different ways.

Yeah.

I like food and, you know, like I'm spending a lot of time cooking.

But you know, I'm catching up on things I haven't read that I meant to.

Like I just started this.

Oh, okay.

The art of the deal Judd is holding up.

And let me say that I, you know what, if I read it beforehand, I don't know if I would have voted for him.

And then I've been reading this, How Democracies Die by Steve Levitsky and Daniel Ziblatt.

And it's bumming me out, quite honestly.

It seems like those two books, if you were to go into a bookstore, the funny person who works at the bookstore would have put those right next to each other on the, you know, denial.

Yeah, the funny guy who works there.

It seems like you should read How Democracies Die by the candlelight of burning the other one.

Wait, you're using a candle to burn the book?

I would just say throw it in a fire.

A candle is going to open to a random page and read it.

Okay, what do we got?

This is, by the way, this is the supposedly Donald Trump wrote this, but this is random.

The next day I called again and I said, I need to reach the president of the club.

I want to send him something.

For some reason, the guy gave me the president's name and his business number and I called him up.

I introduced myself.

I said very politely, my name is Donald Trump and I like to join the club.

And he said, do you have any friends or family in the club?

And I said, no, I don't know anybody there.

He said, well, what makes you think you should be admitted as a member?

I just kept talking and talking and finally this fellow said to me, I'll tell you what, you sound like a nice young man and maybe it would be good to have some younger members.

So why don't you meet me for a drink at the 21 club?

Oh boy, what an amazing, amazing story.

He's always been a salesman since he was a kid.

He just had the gift of gab.

Where do you rank him as far as SNL hosts go?

Not as bad as an Adrien Brody type.

But he did better than Steven Segal.

I feel like he did better than Frank Zappa.

I think Bert Reynolds did not do as well as Donald Trump.

Louis Lasser was a disappointment that we didn't see coming.

We thought that would be strong.

Yeah, it's one of those things.

So few people get to do it.

I mean, you haven't hosted SNL, have you?

I haven't.

He did a sketch where it was a song and he put a lot of his friends just waving at him in isolation in the song.

And he put me in it and you see me for like two seconds.

And I don't know if I've ever been happier than to get that.

That's the first time you appeared on camera there at SNL?

I never could get that job at SNL when I was first starting out.

That's all I wanted was when Sandler moved out of our apartment and got on SNL.

I thought this guy is going to grease the wheels for me and I'm going to be living in New York writing for the show.

And it did.

John Appetow.

It did not happen as a writer, as a performer, as any staff.

It didn't happen.

And I was very proud though I wrote a sketch and I gave it to Sandler and I said, hand this in.

I just want to see if my sketches would get on.

And he handed it a sketch and just had them read it at the table.

He didn't say I wrote it.

And they did it starring Dennis Quaid.

Dennis Quaid.

Which sketch was that?

So everyone can go back and take a look at it.

I totally wish that I could remember but it was around a dinner table and it was early in the show.

And I was very proud.

I know what it was.

Which one was it being?

Yeah, yeah.

It was like Dennis Quaid.

Hey, I'm the dad.

I am.

I have secrets.

Guess what they are?

There is.

Guess it.

Look at my briefcase kids.

I'm just hopeful work.

My briefcase is full of cheese.

You know what?

That's probably closer to the sketch than you would imagine.

Well hopefully when peacock comes around they'll have all of those SNL sketches and we can all just search through them.

That's going to be a wonderful day when that peacock app comes out.

Well I'm just digging into HBO Max so that should take me about 11 months to get through and then I'll start jumping into peacock.

Speaking of HBO Max we have something that people should watch on there which I watched when it came out on HBO.

The Zen Diaries of Gary Shandling which you directed documentary about Gary Shandling who is a fascinating dude you worked with for many many years.

You were close friends with him.

And it's just it's great.

It's about four hours.

Is that what I think it was?

It's close to four and a half.

It's about 420.

420, am I right?

Alright.

We'll virtually high five here.

But yeah it's really great.

I mean I learned a lot of things about Mr. Shandling that I did not know which I guess is the very purpose of a documentary.

Is it not?

Yeah I thought that he had so much more to say and that he never really found a way to say and that the movie in a way is trying to present a lot of his ideas and I think he wanted to find a way to express in his work in the future.

And I'm also just a hoarder.

So I just found so much amazing video and his diaries and to me it just felt sad if it just disappeared and no one saw any of this ever again because I would find these notebooks and just hundreds of pages of jokes and ideas and his journals were really emotional and very spiritual.

I put out a book, it's Gary Shandling's book that has a lot of that material in it also.

Anyway HBO Max get it now.

Do they have a tag?

Oh get it now is the tagline for it is.

I've never still working on it.

They rushed it into.

Yeah it seems very inartful.

Yeah.

No it's great.

Oh you like Bien de Bien de Bien de Bien de Bien worked on several taglines for several I mean you name any movie Bien de Bien de Bien at least submitted a tagline maybe didn't get used.

Well like name a name a movie off the top of your head.

Oh fatal attraction.

Don't mess with her.

The hours.

How about the hours?

Uh oh go slip here.

Oh what about the devil and Mrs. Muir?

Is that a movie?

I think it is.

Yes that is a movie.

Knock knock who's there?

Uh oh.

Serpico.

I don't recall too many driving scenes in Serpico.

Well you got shot remember he was shot and he was in the car bloody.

Oh okay.

So that's actually the exact right tagline.

If you had to come up with a tagline and I'm not saying that you didn't perhaps you submitted one.

If you had to come up with a tagline for the king of Staten Island Bien de Bien de Bien it would be hey watch this cute gong all the through it all.

You know what that's about right.

That's about right.

Watch this cute guy go through it all.

Could I use that like can I tell them that?

I hope you do tell them that but please tell them to put it in a decent font.

Okay.

Yeah what font do you like?

I like.

Look at Helvetica impact just darker for comic sans basic.

I think they're going for like a handwriting kind of typeface you know.

Yeah as far as I'm concerned if you don't create your own font for a movie poster what are you even doing?

Yeah who are you even go go dig yourself a hole dig yourself to graves is what I was doing yourself to graves and get it one rest for a while they go down the other one.

All right well King of Staten Island comes out this Friday on video on demand I've seen it's a great time at the home theater we're going to take a break when we come back we have this is exciting we have a businessman and we also have an aspiring actor coming up and Judd I mean an aspiring actor this is you know you're known for discovering people this could be someone that you put into your next film.

I'm always looking I'm always looking.

All right well let's take a break when we come back we'll have more comedy bang bang after this.

Comedy bang bang we're back here Judd Apatow is with us of the King of Staten Island coming out this Friday of course we know him as the producer of some of our favorite comedies over the past gosh 20 I was gonna say 20 years but even 25 at this point you have the cable guy of course back in what was that 96 and 96 heavy weights 95 heavy weights wow that yeah what I mean I'm not seeing it on your Wikipedia so were you.

Tell all that is and Wikipedia got by them.

We also have bean dip here with us from direct from the W Hotel hello bean dip.

Oh hey Scott how's it going man.

We could have gotten through the house ago and earlier in the program we don't need to take up time in the second segment for the.

Okay great how's your day going.

It's good but let's move on we have to go to our next guest.

Okay moving on.

He is a businessman this is very exciting the world of business is something that I'm fascinated with money changing hands and of course business is it's one of our most important facets here in society.

Please welcome to the show Tony Wyoming hello Tony.

Hi Scott how's it going there.

It's going really good yeah we already got the how it's going.

How's your day how's your day going Scott.

It's good I will just stipulate for any further guests my day is going fine.

Okay well Scott how you holding up on all of this.

I'm good but let's not make this about me.

Let's talk about business what business are you actually are you actually in what do you do for a living.

I'm a mobster Scott yeah I'm a mobster.

Oh yeah I'm in the mob.

Okay a lot of people don't like to admit that especially when one is being recorded I don't know if you know this about it's a podcast and this is a recording.

I'm an illegal mob Scott.

Oh yeah it's legal what exactly do you mean.

Well I'm a flash mobster so me and my family we do flash mobs.

Yeah you do.

Okay you know what these flash mobs are have you ever been a part of I'm just imagining you dancing in one.

I'm pretty sure I've seen Tony I was at the I was at a mall and Tony in a large group of people suddenly disappeared and did I dream the dream from Lamiss in the middle of the mall.

Did I talk to you all.

Were you in the mall.

Yeah that was us yeah yeah I think I came up to you that day Judd and I said say hello to my little friend.

It was my son Tony Wyoming junior yeah so Tony Wyoming junior is a big fan of Judd here.

Yeah big fan of Judd all your work Judd he can quote every movie every movie ever made.

Yeah how old is your son.

My son is 12.

Okay this might be a little young to be quoting.

Sorry everyone.

My son he doesn't go to school so he never went so this whole thing he's not really shook up about this he never went to school.

No he's not homeschooled we just sit him in front of the TV watch a lot of Judd Apatow movies and do your children know the basics like how to read or how to you know.

Do they know the basics what do you mean girls that like pumpkin spice lattice like do they know the basics yeah.

Well I mean the three Rs as far as I'm concerned are reading writing and then they funnily they put a little you know apostrophe and they say arithmetic you know which kind of a cheat as far as I'm concerned because I think it's too hard to today.

Reading writing it's a it's one R a W and a neck reading writing.

That's true yeah it's WRA when you really think about it.

Which sounds like a women's rights you know organization or something like that.

Association association association starts with the nay Scott always organization starts with the no okay I don't need to read you don't need to read.

Scott did you go to school.

I'm the one who needs to start reading more books apparently.

So so Tony tell tell tell me about this this flat being a flash mobster what does that entail are you are you coercing people to do the songs with you or.

No no no no no coercion involved nothing illegal involved here you know I got a big family so me and my family and you my my father he was a mobster his father was a mobster.

A flash mobster.

Yeah flash mobster.

I know that flash mobs have been around much longer than five years maybe.

Oh no they we've been it's been around for since the beginning of time.

Really.

It's been around since the beginning of time yeah and so it kind of kind of something that runs in the family here so you know I was born into it it's not something I wanted for myself but it comes with the Wyoming name and yeah so I enrolled at a young gauge my got my dad he got me into jazz classes and jazz when you say jazz do you mean dancing per music don't say you went to Juilliard because Judd will flip the fuck out I would never try to piss Judd off I'm scared of Judd.

No be afraid don't be afraid.

I'm scared of you Judd.

So no no I didn't take jazz music classes and I didn't go to any kind of fancy Smanshee school we went to you know at a rec center I was training jazz and so then I found my wife there at a young gauge I was 17 years old when I met my wife.

How old was your wife?

My wife she was 18 when I went.

Oh well yeah little on the border I think.

Scott why are you trying to trap me?

Scott I'm a good I'm a good guy I'm a good guy and I think.

I'm not trying to trap you if anything maybe a thirst trap but certainly not trying to.

Yeah you need to put your shirt back on Scott yeah I'm getting trapped right now.

I am getting trapped I love my wife but you're enticing me okay yeah put it you gotta put a blouse on Scott.

Sure.

You really shouldn't be conducting these interviews top list.

I consider it to be stripped to the waist.

Stripped to the works to titties out I don't know.

Sure yeah throw them on the glass.

So what business in front titties in the front?

Titties in the front.

Business in the front.

Genius in the front.

Everything is in the front.

Don't check out the back.

Wait a second I just think I found the title to my next film.

Business in the front titties in the front also I'm finishing the front.

Business is in the front as well but guys let's not neglect the ass crack is also in the back and that's worth mentioning.

Anyway so I met my wife in this jazz class she kind of had the same goals she doesn't come from a family of mobsters.

What does her family do?

Medical professionals you know pharmaceuticals and such and you know it was a big deal for her to leave that behind and kind of go in the direction of the arts.

Sure so she does these flash mobs along with you.

Yeah it's the whole family so we started pro creating right away so.

I don't know that we need to know that.

We got right to it Scotty.

I mean you probably could just say like so we had children very early.

I don't know we don't need to hear about you know you putting your penis into your wife.

What I didn't I never mentioned my penis Scott you've been talking about penises since I got here.

Are vaginas considered to be in the front or are they in the there's they're not in the front or in the back.

The phrase goes business in front titties in front penis in the front vaginas in the middle cracks in the back Tony's right cracks are very important but vaginas in the mid.

You know and if you really think about it a vagina is kind of a different crack you know it's a different crack.

Yeah I have thought about it and yes Scott they say crack is whack but it clearly we'll talk about ask crack or vagina cracks but anyway I'm I don't like to talk about body parts too much because I think you've been doing it for the last four or five minutes.

Well Scott you brought up the penises I said that my wife and I started pro creating right away that's just science baby everything's not everything's not sex and passion all right.

Okay I apologize so if you if you if you do the science of it your sperm was ejaculated into your wife's vagina and then fertilized in a right up inside a yeah fertilized neck created an embryo you know and and then the rest is history the rest is actually Tony Wyoming junior and it's the present day yeah and his sisters and such how many kids do you need to have to have enough for your own flash mob.

Yeah what constitutes a flash mob is it over two people.

A flash mob is anything more than three people.

Oh my.

I would say we do what we do it like the flashiest mobs so I because I have six kids my wife has two kids from a previous marriage.

Previous to her being 18 years old.

18 years old I know what you think in Scott yeah well we got together we got married we got divorced and then we got remarried so.

Oh okay so there was a period in there of at least two years especially and maybe they were you know.

It was three years three years.

They were Irish.

Are you doing any virtual flash mobs are you like jumping into any because I think part of the thing about a flash mob and correct me if I'm wrong on this job because I know you're you're you seem deep into the flash mob culture but part of it is is the surprise element of it of where people are just walking along like they're at the grove or what have you and then suddenly someone next to them starts singing and then a more and more people join in.

That's actually my territory that's my squad's got the grove that's actually so it's funny you mentioned that.

Oh just a fact that you mentioned it I don't know.

So is this like the sharks in the jets no other flash mob is allowed in the on the premises of the grove.

Right right yeah that's exactly correct and yeah so if if another flash mob shows up on the premises there it's a bit of a problem we get it turns into a bit of a problem.

When you say you said you haven't done anything illegal what is a problem what how do you solve that problem.

Now we get into a pretty heated dance off if I mean that seems like it would be fun.

I mean I think it gets heated Scott if you ever I mean because the dance off will last a couple hours.

But I guess my original point was are you are you jumping on the element of surprise being so vital to zooms are you jumping on to other people's zooms and then.

Yeah we've been crashing zooms we've been crashing zooms and we know I know a lot of people are happy with the stuff that's happening with zoom people kind of crashing their meetings and such but everyone seemed pretty delighted when when me and the mob come on.

To be honest I would be delighted if one were to happen right now if you prepared any kind of a flash mob for us here right now.

Well do you have money do you have money for me Scott because we don't really do it for free if a person's requesting it.

To tell you what why don't I why don't I then you Venmo use some money right now I don't know.

Okay maybe maybe being dip and Judd you could put in on this but what's your user name.

It's like two grand somebody like two thousand dollars.

Yeah two two thousand dollars.

Wait wait wait wait no Tony if he's offering two thousand dollars he's willing to go as high as like four probably.

Y'all think about fourteen thousand eight.

Four thousand.

There's a there's a several members of my family and we have a cat and the cat kind of gets involved too so I feel like okay.

Okay.

Can I at least just say what the flash mob would do.

I mean you can you can say a song what kind of what song is there a song you know.

You know if suddenly like an enormous amount of people appeared and then they did like I hope I get it from a chorus line that would be good.

Yeah I hope I get it.

Doing all the harmonies.

Okay here's the deal how about this Judd.

I'm not familiar with that song but I'm happy to do a chorus line to like say Thong song by Cisco.

Okay that's because that's.

Sorry that's yeah.

Sorry dear.

I'm Venmoing Tony right now I hope you guys are.

Tony and my and my username is a little confusing.

It's Tony dash one Wyoming dash Montana.

Oh well my own the dashes.

I guess until now I didn't see the connection between Tony Montana and you.

That just flew right over my head.

I get it I get it quite a bit but I'm glad you didn't and it makes me feel like you see me for me Scott.

It makes me feel like you see me for me and I do appreciate that.

Okay.

Oh I'm I'm I've I've been mode you a bean dip and Judd you've you've been mode as well.

Also yes.

Okay great.

We'll get you guys a flash mob.

What do you say?

June June 2021 June 2021.

I don't know if I can.

Does our money have to be tied up really for a year in this?

I mean I would rather.

You sent it already.

So what do you want me to send it back to you to be on this zoom doing it.

I mean I do a flash.

My kids my kids in school right now he's watching a jet movie.

No he's okay.

My kids in school right.

Which movie is he watching?

He's watching knocked up.

I mean 12.

Yeah 12 is about right for that.

That's about maybe the earliest you can see it.

I guess if if you promise a year from now to do this flash mob judge and bean dip will you come back for this and we I mean I assume there's a lot of rehearsal like the like these things take a good like eight to 14 months to get together.

Exactly.

Let me know Scott.

What do you want to do you want a regular flash mob or you want the flashiest mob you know I got go for flash years don't be a dick.

Okay I'm so yeah I'll go for the flashiest mob so so 12 months to put this thing together.

Where do you want to have it at the Grove.

We're gonna have to do it at the Grove.

Okay we do it at Fashion Island is there like a Newport like a new part like I like Newport I love Orange County.

Yeah I could do it in Fashion Island.

I'm gonna need a little extra money for the commute because my family and I we live in mid city if you know yeah I would expect for us to pay you forty two thousand dollars I think that should cover expenses.

Well Scott you would think that it would cover expenses and I would think as much as well but I don't make the rules.

Look you're shaking us down here this is a this is a classic mob shake down.

I'm not shaking it down.

I do a Harlem shake.

Twenty thousand that's all I can do is twenty thousand at the Beverly Center but that's that's yeah that's how otherwise I'm out.

Okay I'll throw in fifty.

Okay all right you know what okay being that if you could do sixty thousand.

Great.

Twenty eight each do I think we got ourselves a deal we'll do it.

Okay a hundred and eight thousand from all of us I mean Dean Dip this is this is literally you pick up less than this at the W Hotel every morning.

Look this is nothing to me this is peanuts like I said I have.

Did you say penis?

Penis.

Penis they're fine today's are fine also fun and business in the front for John and middle but got my car going back.

Okay we're still live by.

Look we need to take a break but when we come back we're gonna have an aspiring actor so and we're gonna try to hook him up with Judd here to get into his next movie this is very exciting we're go we will be right back with more comedy bang bang after this.

Comedy bang bang we're back here Judd Apatow King of Staten Island comes out this Friday wherever movies can be streamed.

It doesn't come out it's just it just becomes accessible it's only it doesn't come out it's just like we lock a key right and then it's there it's just it becomes there.

So it's like a door is unlocked or a gate kind of like comes open and then suddenly people are able to access it.

Yeah there's like a clickable button but it's like you know it's not like it's in the theater it doesn't come out it doesn't go anywhere it's already in your house you just can't access it yet and then so basically it's accessible on June 12th and by the way June 12th at 1201 a.m.

Alright well people can get it this Friday we also have Bean Dip and we're here with Tony Wyoming and we have to get to our next guest he is an aspiring actor and we're gonna talk to him about his process and everything that he has been in.

Please welcome to the show Dar the Beastmaster hello Dar.

Hi Scott I'm Dar I'm happy to be here it's a great networking opportunity I'm excited to meet everybody.

Hey Dar.

Well great well this is Judd this is Tony this is Bean Dip.

Hey Dar how's your day going?

It's been hectic.

My Wi-Fi has been in and out my roommates mad at me.

Because of the Wi-Fi?

Well my ferrets keep eating through the wires.

Oh you have ferrets.

I have two ferrets kodo and poto.

Are those legal still?

God I hope so because they're stuck with me I mean they do illegal stuff all the time they get me in a lot of hot water.

I think you were grandfathered in I think they shut those down isn't they?

They're getting too popular.

If anybody asks I'll say they're dogs.

So Dar I noticed something about your name.

Your name is Dar the Beastmaster I don't know whether that is your Christian your your given name or whether that's a nickname that you bestowed upon yourself or a nickname that was bestowed upon you with the three choices.

It was bestowed on me from the people of the kingdom of Iraq where I'm from.

What's this now?

Iraq is the kingdom I'm from I was thrown through a porthole in 1991 and brought to Los Angeles a port hole a port hole on a ship or a portal portal.

I go either way.

Were you thrown out of a porthole in your homeworld that happened that happened to be next to a portal?

Is that how it worked?

Yes I think I was on a ship I got thrown through a portal on a porthole and I wound up here in Los Angeles 1991 and I've been here ever since I love it.

Okay what is your home it's a is it a dimension or a planet or what is it?

Yes it's another dimension it's a lot of sand and other dimension stuff mm-hmm I showed up in the loincloth with a eagle a tiger and two ferrets and I mean it was an adjustment it was a culture shock.

Yeah I can only imagine.

I get in a job with no skills okay.

That sounds hard.

That's talking to beast.

It's hard yeah.

I guess acting is is the main job that people get into with no skills it seems like a natural fit.

I tried yeah yeah you're an aspiring actor?

Well actually no that's wrong I was told don't say aspiring anymore I am an actor I don't work all the time but I'm there I'm doing it.

I've done stuff.

What have you been in?

Do you remember the show Mantis?

Yeah Judd do you remember that one that's from our era?

Yeah Mantis I was I was in the background of a couple of a couple episodes of Mantis.

Was that show I don't think I ever actually saw it but was it about like a praying Mantis or was it about like a cop named Mantis.

It was an acronym Mantis.

Oh what did stand for?

Oh I know it.

Oh what is it being did?

Oh do you know it?

Then always need to improve something.

Oh okay so it's sort of a show about feminism.

It's like a show about feminism.

It's a show about everybody needs to improve.

I should have done some research maybe I could shoehorn my way into an under five.

Yeah if it maybe have you ever had this situation Judd where you have a background actor who starts saying something really loud because they're trying to get a line in the movie.

Yeah and then you got a tapped heartly them and then they're offered to join SAG and then they're in SAG so like we'll be like in the middle of shooting a scene for King of Staten Island and someone's just like wait or wait or I need to order and the next thing I'm like put them in SAG.

That was that was Rich Voss wasn't it?

That was that was Rich Voss upon Bonnie's urging.

Judd if you get kicked out of SAG and then you do that will they allow you back in SAG?

So why would you have gotten kicked out of SAG?

What happened?

I was showing screeners in my apartment and they caught wind of that and they gave me the boot.

So yeah because when you get the screeners for Oscar season and I know this just because I'm going to win the Oscar this year that you can't show anyone else like even if you have a you know like a girlfriend or a boyfriend when they send you the screen.

You have a life for a significant other you are not allowed to show they have to legally they have to turn their back while you watch the movie.

My girlfriend turned me in.

No.

What movie were you watching when you got trouble?

What movie were you watching?

Prince of Tides.

Yeah that was a long time ago so you got kicked out like twenty five years ago.

Yeah wow.

Yeah it's been a while.

I'm trying to get back in I'm working my way in I'm getting there that was a tough time for me.

Was your girlfriend in sag?

Darr the Beastmaster?

She just call up sag and is she an actor or are you still with her?

She's trying to leverage.

Yeah I'm trying to get her back.

She was trying to leverage turning me in to get into sag.

Did you guys break up when this happened back in the 90s and you're trying to still trying to get her back?

I'm still trying to get her back and it's not easy because she she doesn't live in LA any longer decades of past.

She's married has kids.

I don't think it's going to happen.

It's a long move Don.

Darr I don't know you know I think flash mobs have been known to kind of get you know get relationships kind of rolling in order you know maybe you could hire Tony here.

I would love to do a flash mob.

Yeah to profess your love.

No no no you unfortunately you're not you're not you don't fit the bill.

You don't you don't look like a flash mob sir.

It's true I'm 6 4 I'm very tan I have long blonde hair.

Yeah yeah I stand out.

Penis in the front hair in the front.

Titties.

Penis in the front.

Now what's that thing in the back there Darr?

But I think that's a zas crack I think that we.

That's an interesting as crack.

Yeah why is it classical horizontal instead of vertical?

My as crack is horizontal it's because my tiger clawed my my my glutes.

So now I basically turned my whole ass crack sideways.

Oh you have a tiger like you have a tiger.

I do yeah I came over from my land with a tiger.

I used to die in black for a little while but people didn't like that so now it's just normal orange and black.

You wanted you wanted people to think you have a panther.

Yeah I was trying to get away with panther.

Oh that's easier to get away with.

I thought a panther everybody's got tigers now.

I thought a panther nobody's got one.

I'll be able to book more work.

It doesn't work out like that.

It's a tough town.

So no one in your home dimension has horizontal ass cracks like you do.

This was a mishap.

No it's an accident.

No I got unfortunately I got to ask you more questions about this ass crack thing because was it initially vertical and then the tiger scratched it so much it turned it on its side.

Did he turn it clockwise?

Yeah did he wind it up like a cooking timer?

Yeah he kind of it's like when you take play though and you just spin it around.

Do the vertical ass cracks stay there too and so now is it all just a very large hole?

The hole's still in the holes always been big.

The hole is regulation size though for your people of your kind.

Yeah yes the hole is the same size.

I don't know if it's regulation size I don't go around measuring butthole Scott.

Well that wouldn't be the weirdest thing that you say you've done.

I mean most of your story is pretty strange.

I mean it's just like everybody else's.

I mean hey and just super bad was my childhood.

Really?

It was me as a kid 100 percent yeah.

One city where you were.

You know replace the other kids.

I was born in the village of Uni.

And it was the same there.

It's universal.

It's totally universal.

It's fully universal.

Yeah.

That could have been the tagline in my village.

We didn't have movies it was more just you know leather loin cloths and things.

But yeah when I saw that I was like oh this guy gets me.

Just replace the other kids with like ferrets and an eagle.

There weren't other children anywhere where you were it was all just animals.

I mean I'm mostly bounded with the animals yes.

I have a mental link with animals Scott.

Oh I see is that a typical for for people of your type.

I mean.

No they think I'm a freak.

What an interesting story.

Well could we do some sort of an audition here with Judd to get in.

I mean Judd what do we know what your next.

Do we know what your next project is or what you're directing now.

You're cold reading we do like a cold reading right now.

Yeah can you just shoot him a script shoot him a script.

Okay I will let me email the pages to you.

Yeah we'll do it on the chat here.

So here's the script.

Okay great.

Yeah that's my roommate's email.

Dar do you want me to tell me to be your seed partners.

That would be great.

I would love that.

You'd be your seed partners yeah.

Okay great.

So which role which role do you want him to read for here.

It's for Clive and Clive it's a romantic comedy between Clive and Deborah Messing.

The actress Deborah Messing or she's starring in it.

Yeah what she's playing herself that's like the joke of the movie is that like it's a romantic comedy with Deborah Messing.

That's fun.

As herself.

So it's sort of a nodding hill type situation where a regular guy meets or what's that thing that's on ABC now the the baker and the baker and the bread.

Yeah we're a baker falls in love with a with a loaf of bread.

Yeah famous baby sees got it.

Okay so you're you're gonna read for what was the name.

Clive.

You're gonna read for Clive and Clive works in the last blockbuster.

The last block being dip I would imagine you'll be Deborah Messing and Tony you're gonna be all of the other parts.

Right exactly.

Yeah I'm ready.

Ready set go.

Okay here we go.

All right and it starts I see it starts with Clive's dialogue so go ahead Clive.

Lights camera action.

Judd is there is there anything that you like to say during an audition?

You know I just like keep it loose you know you can improv a little bit if you want to.

You know stand the page but if you feel if you come up with something just do it.

You know just like go with it.

It's really more about me.

It's more about me getting a sense of you than it really is about doing the scene correctly.

Cool cool cool awesome.

Cool.

Okay so whenever you're ready.

Of course of course.

Hi welcome to the blockbuster.

We don't know late fees.

There are no late fees here you can take take you can take as long as you want.

All right so I gotta ask that it says you say no late fees I can take as long as I want but the late fees wouldn't come into play till after I leave this place.

You're telling me with a excuse me sir are you clarifying late fees with this employee I'm Deborah Messing.

Oh my god Deborah Messing.

Uh yeah no late fees at all especially for you.

Hey you might be Deborah Messing but that doesn't mean you get to cut the line.

That doesn't mean you get to cut the line.

This guy is helping me.

That's fair I just thought maybe you were clarifying late fees.

Hubba hubba.

Did you like the hubba hubba headed?

I think that you always don't go with your insta.

I'm sorry to skip out but that was an improv.

I'm following my instaics.

If we're stopping Judd can I ask you something about the script?

At what point in the process do punch ups happen?

Just wall to wall the whole time.

Like right now when he said hubba hubba I consider that a punch up.

That's if someone says it in an audition you're allowed to use it in the script.

Oh yeah yeah even if I don't give them a part.

You know if someone has a jam like that like how much quietly make a note.

Alright let's jump back in.

Let's jump back into the scene because I saw I read ahead a little bit and this is where it gets really juicy and not so awkward and formal.

Okay so here we go.

Just cut to the middle of the page.

Excuse me employee did you say hubba hubba?

Yeah I said that a while ago.

Even though the hubba hubba even though the hubba hubba was an ad lib Judd how did you know to say did you say hubba hubba?

Well I you know I texted to go with it quietly.

Okay okay got it got it.

Alright here we go.

Sorry sorry to interrupt.

Go ahead jump back in.

Here we go.

This is pretty edgy stuff Judd.

Some of this I don't feel comfortable saying.

Well you know what life is edgy you know that's alright.

Yeah that's a great tagline.

Alright here we go.

Did you say hubba hubba?

I did yes.

It's a shame Sarah Palin is in president.

Oh I agree.

I feel awkward.

I'm on TV and either I'm not using people saying things about my parents hubba hubba is inappropriate sir.

I'm sorry.

I was vaccinated and that messed with my brain.

Nobody should get their kids vaccinated.

Now is this your last copy of fear with Mark Wahlberg?

Is this the last copy you have fear with Mark Wahlberg?

Yeah that's the other one.

Do you need more than one?

Whatever whatever.

I don't mean to interrupt whatever's going on here with you and Debbie but yeah I'm looking for a few copies of fear.

Okay I have to stop this.

Okay hold on.

Judd it's an early draft Scott it's an early draft.

I get it.

I get it on its feet and then I figure it out.

I can't tell till I hear it and yeah I'm hearing some problems.

One thing that I noticed was the main character is an anti-vaxxer.

Is that something that you believe in?

Well it's not something I believe in it just in the early part of a movie someone has like problems they're immature and then by the end of the movie he becomes a pro-vaxxer.

It's just a funny place to start.

You know with kind of weird notions and then he learns and evolves from talking to death.

Okay so being a big fan of Sarah Palin that's sort of something that he gets over or is that does it?

He doesn't get over that part but he learns to understand the other side's point of view also.

I see okay.

I notice on the sides it says page 304.

Yeah.

And this is the beginning of the script so the whole piece is pretty.

There's three hundred and three pages before Deborah Messing ever meets Clive.

But we're going to decide if it's a movie or a series in post.

Well look to tell you what I think the audition is over because we're running out of time but Judd keep him let's keep him in suspense until after the plugs.

Okay.

We are as I mentioned running out of time we only have time for one final feature and that's a little something called plug.

Listen.

Oh wow nice short and sweet that was punk rock plugs by Sam McKnight.

Wow you don't hear a lot of punk rock music by guys named Sam McKnight.

That was wonderful.

Well if you have a plugs theme go ahead send it on in and you can be played on this show.

Alright what are we plugging Judd?

Obviously the king of Staten Island.

How many reels is this thing?

It's a six-reeler for me.

I'm generally in about a six-reeler range.

You know it's two hours and I believe it's about two hours 16 minutes.

So it's about three madmen is how I like to look at it.

So if you have time I mean look who doesn't have time during all of this going on to watch things.

You know I mean a lot of people would say like oh no Judd's movies are too long now we're like give us more please like five hours.

That's how I've always felt you know I feel like ahead of my time in the sense of trying to create things which filled a lot of time and people were like saying tighten it up tighten it up and I'm like I feel like at some point people are going to be happy that this goes on too long and now I'm proven correct.

This is one of the world's last movies so we want it to be as long as possible.

Well I mean what else are you going to do that's actually the tagline to the movie.

What else are you going to do?

And of course you can see the Zen Diaries of Gary Shanling on HBO Max as well.

You get the book.

There's the book.

Anything else you want to book?

Yeah I'm going to plug the last three years of my career just give me a second.

Watching a streaming on HBO Max you can also watch Love on Netflix.

Love with a great Paul Russ friend of the show.

The girls on HBO Max 30 for 30 about Dwight Gooden and Daryl Strawberry.

That's Doc and Daryl.

The Avid brothers documentary may at last you can stream.

I think you have to pay for that at this point and also I believe the Larry Sander show is on HBO Max.

I'm pretty heavy on HBO Max right now.

I'm trying to get into some of the other spaces like stars but for right now it's pretty heavy on HBO Max.

Alright well Bean Dip what are you plugging?

I'll put a little song out there for this bitch, 80 Patterson.

Oh yeah I like her.

Hey man let's start on HBO Max train.

You can watch the show that she's on and that she writes for.

She plays Jimmy Jamstone and she writes for the righteous Jamstones.

You can't show HBO Max.

That's when Joe Fertel sponsors HBO Max and both headphones.

There you go.

Alright and she also was in my Between Two Ferns movie as well.

That's right she was also a year on Between Two Ferns movie.

Yeah okay she's wonderful.

Alright and Tony Wyoming what are you plugging?

I'm gonna do one of my favorite dances in the flash mob world.

You could follow her on Instagram at Eggie Boom or Eggie Underscore Boom.

Also Scott she says she has a one woman show she would love for you to see sometimes.

Oh yeah I don't know that I'm gonna get out to a theater anytime within the next counter year.

No the next show is actually gonna be beginning of 2022 so she asked me to explain it.

Oh okay it's definitely pencil me in for that definitely.

Could she maybe use pen at least pen?

Erasable pen?

Okay.

She says she looks up to you like you're like a father figure there.

Okay I would prefer maybe more of a brother or a cousin figure.

No she says she's like a father figure.

I mean there are the difference in our ages is not quite that bad.

She says she's like a father figure.

I don't know.

What about she's on that SNL?

I've heard of that show.

Is that ever gonna come back or?

I've heard of it.

We don't know.

My guess is yes it always comes back.

What do you mean we don't know?

Are you part of the decision making process?

I'm close to Lord Michael.

Oh okay great.

He has us on the show sometimes.

You should have that a Judd Apatow hosting one of these days.

Put in a good word for it.

Okay I can hook Judd up.

If Judd's willing to, Judd if you Venmo me and the 14 to 15 thousand dollars we can get you hosted.

I'll just eight more seconds in the background of something.

Yeah.

Okay.

All right I can do that again.

Gonna cost you but yeah we could work something out.

Okay Darr the Beastmaster what are you plugging?

I'd love to plug the action boys podcast that I mod from time to time.

It's on patreon.com and sometimes I go sometimes I'm on that.

Amazing and that is a podcast about two people reviewing action movies is that what it is?

It's three people.

It's John Gabris Ben Rogers and Ryan Stanger and they talk about movies like the Beastmaster.

Oh okay so this is hidden close to home for you.

Wonderful.

All right let's close up the old plug bag.

You start with a C when you wanna close it up.

You lead with an L and then you own.

Oh.

Free enough to plug bag.

Hold me up.

Pull me up.

Take your hand and open it up.

Then he'll raise your comp and then he just says.

I'm gonna go back.

Oh.

Okay guys I wanna thank you so much for being on the show Judd.

Always great to see you.

I hope the movie is a big success for you.

What constitutes a success as far as this is concerned?

I feel like it's a failure if about 96% of the country, if I only get 96% of the country watching it in the first two days I think it's a failure.

Yeah you really wanna be close to as close to 100 as you can possibly get.

Yeah I mean if I'm not doing like end of mash numbers you know at a time when there's nothing else to watch and the world just says like I know there's nothing else to watch but I'm not gonna watch you anyway.

That's a pretty solid rejection.

Bean dip so great to see you.

Good luck to you there at the W Hotel.

Hey thanks come on by if you want a little drop your shoes off.

Yeah definitely and Tony Tony.

Tony Tony Tony.

That's right.

It's our anniversary.

Oh yeah I do enjoy that song.

We'll see you in a year.

We'll all meet back up at where were we gonna meet?

We're gonna ultimately be at the Beverly Center.

Beverly Center okay.

Catch.

So we'll all coordinate on a day and now Dar the Beast Master thank you for being on but now as hyped Judd go ahead and let Dar know if he got apart in one of your upcoming productions.

Yeah I haven't just been thinking about that for the last five minutes.

I'm going to make a promise right now that you will get a five and under as a waiter in one of the next three movies.

Wow.

Way to go Dar.

You will not regret this.

Amazing.

And I'm gonna bring an eagle into it.

You're gonna love it.

Yeah are you prepared for the waiter to be shirtless and to have a horizontal ass crack?

Well that's why I don't know which of the next three movies it's in because I know it'll fit in one of them but I'm not sure which ones.

I need a little wiggle room.

I'm willing to get my ass crack fixed if that helps anything.

No no no that's why we want you.

That's why we want you.

If it's fixable why haven't you gotten it fixed yet?

I think you could get SAG health insurance and then once you have the health insurance then I think it covers the fix right.

Congratulations Dar this is incredible.

Thank you so much this is a huge day for me.

We'll see you next time.

Bye.

the next one.

I'm going to go back to the next one.

.
