♪♪♪♪ Two households, both alike in dignity, one loved and one listed.

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

Mmm, wonderful catchphrase submission.

Thank you so much to, oh no, Captain Piss and Shit for that catchphrase submission.

Oh, God.

People, you know, if you have a good catchphrase submission, don't waste it on naming yourself Captain Piss and Shit.

Welcome to the show.

We have a wonderful episode for you this week.

It is June, of course, in the middle of June.

And, uh, by the way, my name is Scott Ocherman.

I am the host of Comedy Bang Bang, and, uh, you know, I've led a couple of weeks in June go by without mentioning, Dads and grads, you have been on your best behavior this month.

Uh, normally we're just besieged with messages about dads and grads, and I have to say that, uh, maybe because school has been, uh, not in session, uh, but, uh, the grads have been really, uh, regulating themselves.

Not too much, I have to say.

Yeah, I mean, there was that big, uh, Obama, uh, special.

I guess it's not an Obama special, but he was on it.

I guess any special that Obama is on is an Obama special when you think about it.

But, uh, other than that, grads have been very silent.

Don't get me started on dads.

But, uh, speaking of dads, we have a wonderful show.

Uh, they presumably had dads, uh, all of our guests, uh, in order to, uh, be birthed onto this earth.

Uh, coming up a little later, we have a retired spy.

Uh, and we also have, uh, a talent agent.

I guess there's one way to describe him.

That'll be coming up a little later.

But, uh, before we get to them, we have a very special treat here.

First time on the podcast, uh, she was on the television show and was one of my favorite guests and one of my favorite episodes.

Uh, one of the, uh, nicer people to sit next to on the couch, I must say.

You know her from so many things.

I mean, uh, I could go down her credits, but 13 going on 30, uh, the television show married, arrested development, archer, uh, uh, kidding.

No, I'm not kidding about those credits.

She actually did them, but she's in the show kidding.

She has a, uh, uh, I'm going to talk to her about exactly what it is, but, uh, she has something that just came out on Friday called Good Boy, which is on Hulu.

Uh, and we'll talk about exactly what it is, but please welcome first time to the show, Judy Greer.

Hello.

Hi.

What a nice introduction.

Well, a nice introduction for a nice person.

Uh, you, you were, uh, joy to be, uh, uh, uh, I guess there's got to be a better way to say it than next to on the couch.

Enjoyed a, a joy to have on the couch.

Yeah, I guess I was supposed to say that now.

You were, uh, on my television program and you were, uh, very lovely to be around.

It was so fun.

It was fun.

And, uh, you, uh, in fact, you, you gave us a nice compliment when you were done saying that you would come back and do anything anytime.

We, uh, then got canceled.

So we did not do that.

Didn't she know that when she said it?

Oh, dear.

She could get credit.

No.

You are, of course, uh, I like to call you America's favorite actress.

Uh, you are, uh, anytime you pop up on the screen, uh, uh, a big smile comes on people's faces and they go, you know what?

I can trust this production.

This has the Judy Greer seal of approval.

She dained to be in this.

It's going to be good.

Wow.

That's a huge compliment.

I feel like I was looking over your, uh, uh, IMDB page.

I hope that's not too forward to say, but, uh, and I was just like, there should be something called the Judy Greer Award out there.

Oh, I hope I get it.

Yeah.

You'll be the first recipient.

Well, I didn't, uh, what's his name?

Cecil B. Demille.

Didn't he receive it first?

Or even, I think Spielberg got one too.

And then it was like a pay it forward kind of thing where another incredibly, uh, new reference, uh, where he just like, You've been quarantining for a really long time, much longer than the rest of us.

That's right.

For 20 years.

Apparently my music tastes his stuff.

Um, but I think there should be the Judy Greer Award, which is awarded to, uh, actors who, when they pop up on screen, you love them and you're like, I, I love this person.

Oh, I want to see them in everything.

And it's just, and maybe, you know, they're not awarded the, you know, they're not at the Oscars every year, which only, you know, 10 people get to go to, but they're, they're people that we love.

And, and I think you should give it out every year.

Oh, thank you.

I, uh, I'll start that movement.

I guess it's a hashtag.

I don't know.

We got to craft this hashtag here.

What do we, what do we think it would be?

Oh, cause like Greer does rhyme with a lot of good words.

So I feel like we could.

What are we talking?

Let's list them here.

Let's love them more.

Beer.

Right there.

Beer with Judy Greer Award.

Um, so you would give out the award and then share a beer with them.

Yeah, backstage, we would have like a, like a Miller light or something.

Why does this have to be backstage?

I would do it on stage if I were you.

I would just right there in front of the people.

I get to drink a beer with the recipient of my award.

Maybe you get to drink it out of the award itself.

Part of the award.

It's like the standard cup.

The award is, dude.

It's actually a beer Stein.

Yes.

And it has on it, like, it could be created by an artist and it has all the other things.

And it has on it, like some of my best sort of movie and television roles.

Yes.

Of course.

Now, would this award be remade for each recipient having their best on it?

Or if it's the Beer with Judy Greer Award, does it have mine always?

I feel like maybe it should be different for each recipient.

I've always felt that the Stanley Cup is the rare trophy that has to be passed around.

And people have to give back after a year, you know?

Yeah.

Seems unfair.

Other sports people get to have, you know, just giant trophies that they keep.

But meanwhile, the Stanley Cup, everyone's like, oh, I finally get to kiss it in front of cameras.

And then they have to give it back 365 days later.

Yeah.

But I don't know that we have the budget to craft a unique award for every single recipient.

So we're thinking one beer Stein.

One Stein.

One golden.

Well, even golden.

I don't know that you were going to tie it on the budget for this.

I would not.

I also don't want it rankable because I think people will drop it, especially if they're drinking beers out of it.

So you want it to be indestructible?

Yeah, it should be made of titanium.

Well, speaking of this trophy that's going to have all of your exciting projects on certainly, in titanium, certainly in a wonderful position in a prime position will be a good boy, which just came out.

Let's talk about this because it was sent to me.

I watched it this morning.

It's really good.

Oh, it is a great thing to watch first thing in the morning.

I know.

My wife who eats scary things woke up after me and I was already an hour into it.

I was like, sorry, I'm not stopping.

I have to watch it for work.

I always tell people like, have a cup of coffee, watch a horror film, like ease and deer day.

So they sent it to me and I was kind of like, what exactly is this because I hadn't heard of what it is.

So let's go through what it actually is.

So it's on Hulu.

Yes.

It is part of an anthology television series called Into the Dark.

Yes.

Now, when people think of anthology television series, of course, Twilight Zone, The Outer Limits, amazing stories, all of the wonderful classics.

But usually those are half an hour, an hour.

These are full-length movies.

Yeah.

They release one a month and these are full-on horror films.

This is a Blumhouse production.

Yeah.

And they released 12 in the first season.

This is the second season.

And they come out once a month.

And then the other, so if that's not enough, the other surprising element that I found out about is every month that they're released, the story is based on a holiday in that month.

Yeah.

And I know the answer to this, but I'm leading you to talk about it a little more.

What is the holiday that yours is based on?

Well, it's National Pet Day, I believe?

National Pet.

Pet appreciation week, I believe.

As was a pet appreciation.

Ours is called Good Boy.

It is about a woman who is single and approaching her forties and realizing that none of her dreams came true.

And she's starting to lose it a bit and gets some advice to get an emotional support animal that might help her.

She can't really afford to go to therapy.

So my character gets this emotional support dog.

She adopts this little terrier mix from the pound.

And he, I would say, handles her stress in a very specific way in a finite.

It's the final thing that several of the characters ever see.

Yes, yes, that's true.

So yeah, I think when I first read the script, I thought it was hilarious.

I mean, it is a horror movie, but it is sort of this like genre that I think our director, Tyler McIntyre, is so good at is like horror comedy.

And it's a genre that like, this is my third project with Blumhouse so far.

And I just feel like they also kind of nail it.

Like they're allowing me with good boy because I also executive produced it.

Not sure if you knew that or not.

Congratulations.

Where are you about it?

I'm an executive person.

There's...

I'm gonna make it in this town.

Anyway, they sort of, I feel like this is a good space for me to live in this sort of horror comedy.

Like I really enjoy both, it turns out.

But it also doesn't feel like grisly if that makes sense.

Yeah.

Like you say it is a horror comedy.

Yeah.

It is fun.

Yeah.

It is scary, but you're certainly not squirming like, oh god, this is disgusting.

I don't want to see this.

It's more of a, oh, this is fun.

Oh, that terrible thing happened to that person.

Yeah, like I don't need to watch someone get like their eyebrows cut off like in a tight close.

I'm not...

Where'd you see that?

I made it up.

I don't know.

This idea has legs.

I know you're a director.

Maybe you're looking for a follow up to your first film.

I do kind of want to direct a horror movie now because I think it'd be like so fun.

And I would have loads of blood, but no eyebrow cut off.

No eyebrow getting cut off.

Do you think, I mean eyebrows aren't like...

I would do it with scissors.

I would pinch it together, pull it out from the face and cut it with some really sharp shears, imagine seeing that in a movie.

But it would almost be like they all, they do have eyebrows.

They're just made of blood after that.

It's like that, it's that negative space.

Right.

I guess you could cut them in a, in a way that makes them, it looked like the person's always surprised as well.

That's sort of like crescent moon over the eyes like, who?

Yeah, a circle like a triangle eyebrow.

I don't know.

I mean, these are all good questions.

Unfortunately, this is not a medical podcast.

Although I would love it for it to turn into one.

I mean, it almost, I will say it almost turned into a Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles podcast.

Have you ever been one of those movies?

No, I don't think so.

I need to look at my IMDB page really quick.

Um, no.

No, I have not.

I think you might have remembered it if you had ever been around Raphael and the gang.

As you say, I don't even know the other three people.

They eat pizza all the time, right?

I have no idea.

No idea.

I think they do.

I'm guessing they do.

I, here was my general impression of it.

Never having seen it.

And I talked to a guest maybe six weeks ago about it who filled me in on the plot.

My general impression was it was a movie about turtles who think a manhole cover is a pizza and they bite into it and their teeth break and it's like a funny beat in the movie.

That's the one thing that I could think about.

That happens in the movie?

I have no idea.

I have to ask, if we ever have a guest on who knows about the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles, we'll ask about that.

But slowly over four episodes or so, this show has just evolved into a Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtle centric podcast.

So I wondered if you had any thoughts on the franchise.

I have a story about a turtle.

What do you got?

Yes, this is a Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtle podcast.

So anything about any of the four words is applicable here.

I wanted a turtle when I was a senior in high school, really bad.

And one day my high school boyfriend, Eric Campbell came over to my house and pulled a turtle out of his pocket and gave it to me.

And I was so excited.

We went to the pet store and we bought like the aquarium and all the things to have this turtle and my mother was not excited, but it was like, you know, whatever.

I was fine.

Days go by and like the turtle starts to smell.

And like we had like a house.

I'm an only child.

So it was just like me on the upstairs and then my parents were downstairs.

Like everything like happened downstairs except for my bedroom and bathroom were upstairs.

But you know, everything's going well with the turtle.

It's very fun to have a turtle.

And then like a few days in like it starts to smell.

And then I'm like, so I've like cleaned the whole tank again, you know, like dump everything out, clean it all then.

Like probably now like one day later it starts to smell.

And I'm like, who has the time for this?

I'm like cleaning the tank every single day.

It is getting just stinky and stinky.

My mom is losing her mind.

She's a very sensitive sense of smell.

And so finally she tells me like, I'm sorry, I can't take anymore.

Like we got to get rid of the turtle.

You can't have this turtle anymore.

It's making me crazy.

So I'm like, fine.

So I call Eric Campbell, the boyfriend and I'm like, Hey, I'm really sorry.

My mom is making me get rid of the turtle.

Can we just like take it back to the pet store?

I just realized I said his full name.

And what I'm going to say next is this.

He stole that turtle.

He said, I can't take it back to the pet store because I stole it from a pet store.

What?

This guy's a turtle stealer?

He grabbed it as he was walking out of a pet store and put it in his pocket and like drove to my house and gave it to me.

I mean, the turtle was like big.

It was like the size like the shell was like a hand size shell.

Yeah.

And knowing as I do the statute of limitations with this is still collapsed.

He could be prosecuted for this.

This is terrible.

Why did it stink though?

Like did something about the way he stole it make it stink or what?

I think turtles are stinky and unless you have some kind of system like one of those filters or something, I just had like a glass box.

Yeah.

I wonder if that was covered in the movies.

How strongly they smell.

Turtle stink.

This turtle also, so we had to take it back to a different pet store and like lie and be like, hey, we found this turtle.

Do you want to have it in your pet store?

And like I was like, where'd you find this turtle?

We're like in the woods.

He's like, this is a wood something, wood turtle.

These are like endangered.

Like I don't understand.

Basically the turtle ended up being an important turtle.

Wow.

I was pitching, why don't you go back to the pet store and like you stole it.

So just put it back and like walk out like don't, you know, just like look around and when no one's looking like.

Just do a reverse shoplift.

We've done those.

Have we?

I kept everything I stole.

I still have it all.

What did you see?

And these cabinets behind me, the listeners can't see.

I'm getting, I mostly just stole alcohol.

I'm not going to lie.

I would shove it down my pants and then like buy a Snickers bar.

Like you do, I guess when you buy condoms.

It's always good to steal something that you can get rid of the evidence relatively quickly.

I remember that same boyfriend told me, I was like, what happens if we get caught?

He's like, just run.

And I was like, but like, what if we get separated?

He goes, I'll find you.

I mean, come on.

Very romantic.

I mean.

Very romantic.

All right.

We've covered the Good Boy pretty extensively at this point, haven't we?

Probably not.

I really loved making it.

I really think it's so good.

And I'm really excited for people to see it.

And I think it has all the things.

Well, great.

Good boy is out right now.

People can watch it just like I did.

You can even imagine that you're me while you're watching it.

That would be fun for a lot of people, I would imagine.

And it's on Hulu.

It's part of Into the Dark.

That's how people can see it.

We need to take a break if that's okay.

When we come back, we are, this is very exciting, Judy.

I don't know if you're in the market for additional representation, but we have a talent agent is going to be here as well as a retired spy.

Oh, what?

Yeah, a retired spy.

So someone who is currently not spying.

So, okay, good.

Right past Spide in the past.

So that's very exciting.

We'll be right back with more Judy Greer after this.

♪ Comedy Bambang, we are back.

Judy Greer is here.

Into the Dark episode.

I'm going to say 21 of 24 or so.

This is the ninth episode this season.

I don't know.

Episode 209, I'm not sure.

Anyway, good boy.

That's what it's called.

You can find it there.

Thank you.

I'm doing math in my head for some reason.

I don't know.

Trying to figure out what episode number this is.

Good boy, of course.

You going to do a sequel to that 13 going on 30, where it's like 30 going on 13?

We always joke about it.

Jen and I, like, what would it be?

Like, we're like 100.

No.

No, no, no plans for it.

100 going on 50.

That's how we feel.

I was like, look at me today.

What would this movie be called?

150 going on?

Yeah.

Yeah, I don't know.

No.

No, why not?

Come on.

Well, pitch it, man.

I would do it in a heartbeat.

So the original, and I saw it in the theater and I saw it at the Sherman Oaks Arklight, as I recall, or it was the gallery back then before it turned.

Yes, yes, yes.

The original as I recall was about Jennifer Garner going back in time mentally, but not physically and becoming 13, even though she was 30.

Is that right?

Or is it the opposite?

Yeah.

She...

It's not a reverse big.

No.

It is a reverse big.

It comes young.

She becomes young in her grown up body.

Right.

And whose body are you in?

Well, that's not really a reverse big because he's also young in a grown up body, but it's not his own body.

She's like...

Does she have an adult brain?

Did I even read the script?

Did you just say your lines?

Have they come together really well?

You know, I actually don't know if that's actually me in that movie.

It might not be.

No, she has her...she hits her head.

Right.

No, she makes a wish.

I need to watch this film again.

It's either make a wish or you hit your head.

Those are the two mechanisms for...

Mel Gibson got electrocuted and he could read the minds of women and what women want.

Let's do a crossover movie with these universes, sort of like an aliens versus predator who never makes me lose.

Yeah.

Imagine if Mel Gibson could read the mind of Jennifer Garner, but her mind was like, only thinking 13-year-old thoughts.

How confusing that would be.

Well, this is the thing.

So he's able to read her mind and he blows up her spot and tells everyone that she's 30, not 13, and lets her secret out.

And then they figure out how to harness...maybe they switch powers.

So now we're into some freaky Friday land.

Yes.

Get Lindsey Lohan in on this.

Get Lindsey Lohan.

Mel Gibson.

Judy Garner.

And Garner.

And then me.

I'll be all of their sassy best friends.

You know what?

We need to get to our next guest and this is good luck because this is a person that I believe I was talking to him about the aforementioned Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles franchise.

The last time he was on the show, he is a talent agent.

Over there I think he was a gursh or somewhere.

I'm not quite sure, but please welcome to the show.

Welcome back to the show.

Sprague the Whisperer.

Hello.

I have been dying to chime in.

I'm over here on the Zoom muted like walking back and forth like let me say something about the turtles.

I know.

This is torturous for you.

I apologize.

I'm only squeezing the bridge of my nose.

I'm like screaming, muted.

I'm like, let me answer.

It's almost as if there's a stinky turtle next to you.

First of all, this old stinky turtle thing.

Okay.

Yeah, they don't smell great, but I'm not making a story beat out of it, baby.

Well, they live in the sewer.

I'm assuming now it's because that camouflage is their smell.

Yes.

Here's the thing.

Judy, I don't know if you do this, but be it Scott, our deep and pre-pro right now on the new Ninja Turtles project.

I don't remember that.

We're deep in this spot.

I'm in setting emails.

I may have you headed into the spam folder.

I have to admit.

I'm in the spam folder.

Don't trust a Yahoo account.

Oh, yeah.

You're still on Yahoo?

Yeah, I'm spraying the whisker.

I'm spraying the whisker.

I'm spraying the whisker because it was like I have a fun cat avatar.

Cat-vatar.

Yeah, cat-vatar.

Cat-vatar.

Which is, by the way, cat-guitar and cat-vatar are two separate great franchise ideas.

Let me write this down because you guys are coming up with gold over it.

Better right to get down.

First of all, what if we, so Judy, I don't know if you know about me, but I love it.

Who doesn't?

Run down your details.

I love ninja projects, Judy.

Anything with ninja.

The title.

I love it.

Three ninjas.

Three ninjas kick back.

Beverly Hills ninja.

Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles.

I love it all, baby.

So here's a pitch.

Thirteen going on ninja.

Oh.

So here's the thing.

It's a 13 year old girl.

She's sort of like in school.

She's sort of getting picked onto something.

And then she's like, oh, you know, she makes a wish in the bathroom.

I wish I knew how to defend myself.

It's ahead.

So, next up, she's, you know, doing round house kicks and stuff.

She writes itself.

Jen Garner was the titular Electra where she was a ninja in that film, which is, I'm sure you know.

Oh my God.

So she's got the training.

She already has the training and you don't lose that.

When you become a ninja, that's not stuff that you just automatically lose if you don't do it.

I mean, you're a ninja.

I'm riding a friggin bike.

You know, you know, you know, the way you get someone back into the ninja training is you just say, all right, just step right here on this, this block balance yourself.

And just kick this wooden board.

And the second you kick it, you're just like, oh, right.

You're a freaking ninja.

Speaking of wish, by the way, Sprig, a ninja riding a bike, that would be something to see that I'm right to get down.

I mean, the image of that.

What if it was a queen song called ninja bicycle and it was sort of like ninja bicycle, bicycle, sure, ninja bike, ninja bike.

So this is this is a parody of a queen song or this is an original song of a queen.

Judy, I don't know if you know anything about whisper studios, but we can get the rights to anything.

Oh, no, I didn't.

I'm wondering about like, you know, we were talking about what women want.

What if like in that movie, Mel Gibson can only hear the thoughts of ninjas?

So yeah, so we know when they're coming, they're usually signed.

Yeah.

Well, he knows.

Yeah, he can he'll be like ninjas or your life.

They're sitting there talking to whomever he talks to in that movie.

I can't remember who his co-star was.

And then suddenly Helen Hunt.

Helen Hunt, that's right.

The funniest actors of all time.

Hello.

Hi.

And then said, oh, sorry.

One of one of one of one of the winner of the 2022 Judy Griffith.

She's a nominee at least.

And suddenly in his head, he hears, Hey, I'm going to attack that guy.

Yeah.

And he realizes he can hear the thoughts of ninjas.

This is great.

His heart starts Tom.

He's he's he's in the tub, right?

Sure.

And he's playing with the ninja turtles, right?

Yes.

And sort of the actual ninja turtles are like toys.

You know, and he's washed it here with the.

This is better because I don't know how old other teenage, which, you know, I think we want to go down.

We want to stay with that.

He's playing with the turtles.

He's in the shower.

He's washing his hair with the green shampoo, the turtle branded stuff.

Yes.

You know, and then of course his turtle radio falls into the tub.

Electric you.

Oh, of course, his turtle radio falls into the tub because I do believe that's how he gets the powers in what women want, which is like dangerous, dangerous precedent to set for any children watching.

So dangerous.

The way he gets his powers is he's like, I've got to learn all these female products.

So he gets into the tub, so shaving his legs and washing his hair and he gets electrocuted and then somehow he knows how women think.

I guess that's the plot of that.

Wonderful.

That is the plot of that movie.

How does she get it in what men want?

I missed it.

I think it's like she she puts on a Joe Rogan podcast.

She gets it to a times right activist.

She's not doing some online chat.

She gets onto some weird message boards and then a computer just malfunctions and all of a sudden, oh shit, she could friggin hear all these sick thoughts of his fucking men.

It's a very, very different movie, by the way.

I mean, it's it sounds like, hey, let's gender swap it, but then like the thoughts of men.

It's a bluff.

Yes, it is.

It's more.

It's a freaking horror movie.

Sprague.

Judy doesn't know anything about you.

Put it on your back story just a little bit for especially for new listeners as well.

Of course, for new listeners, you guys are hoping on here on the team, I'm an agent, turned manager, turned back to agent.

And I've recently given it all up and started my own production studio.

I can't get into this whole like right to G.A.

So smart.

I'm done with that.

I start my own studio now.

I'm fucking making money on both ends, baby.

Now, I have to say the first time you're on the show, it's the whole agent part of your personality has sort of eclipsed what you originally came on as, which, you know, your name, Sprague the Whisperer.

Oh, yes.

I am Sprague the Whisperer.

I also, so let me think.

He's got, I like where your head's at.

Sure.

He starts with me previously.

Previously on Comedy Bang Bang, Judy.

I am a sort of Rasputin style advisor, if you will.

You can see my cloak that I'm wearing.

I'm, of course, bald, like various from Game of Thrones.

Never saw it.

I whisper.

Yeah.

You don't let anyone tell you about the red wedding before you watch it.

Can I ask you a question?

Can I ask you a question about Good Boy, by the way?

Yes, please.

So I have this client.

His name is Sean Disson.

And you know, he auditioned for this thing.

He auditioned for this thing.

I know Sean Disson is a very funny, how do I describe him?

I'd say he's more of a writer.

Sometimes this whole audition stuff is kind of out of the scene.

No, he's a great performer.

He's a great performer.

But you know, as you were talking about it, I pulled up on my computer.

I started looking at the self-tame, but I said, did it.

I was like, shit, you sent for him.

Oh, yeah.

I said, he did.

He said it to me.

I said, I was like, shit, dude, I wouldn't die at this guy.

Oh, really?

Which role did he audition for?

Do you recall?

I believe it was the love interest.

Oh.

Nate, I believe his name was Date.

Yes.

The love interest is, of course, a, I don't want to spoil anything but a detective.

So he's not only a lover, he's a cop.

So I don't know whether Sean, I'm not sure which one Sean couldn't quite convince a producer, Judy Rira.

He's like, this Sean guy.

I want to look him up.

Look him up.

He's sort of a goofy back.

He's sort of the best friend.

Like, you're mentioning it, Judy.

It's not really a like sexy cop sort of, I don't know what he's doing.

What do you think about him?

Doesn't make him a sexy cop?

Sean, what's his name?

Gethden?

D-I-S-T-O-N.

And look that we're talking about this guy.

You know, I think he's- You're getting his name out there on a podcast, which is great.

Look at his name out.

You know, Scott, you might want to have him on.

I don't know about that.

I don't know that I need a best friend sidekick on this guy.

He's given him so many things.

He does.

But he has to think.

Here's the thing.

The guy loves to be in the writer's room, baby.

Why is he?

He's auditioned.

He shouldn't relegate himself to the writer.

Having been in that position.

You know, it's to perform.

And all they itch to perform is always there.

You shouldn't just relegate yourself.

Or, I mean, I'm talking to him, of course.

Of course.

Sometimes he just gets these auditions where he's like, what are you asking me to do?

I have no idea.

What would it be?

Well, then he should certainly turn those auditions down because it's just a waste of time for him to go.

I'm going to turn it down for him.

Although I will say every once in a while, you'll be in the audition room and someone will come in who's not right for this one thing.

But it makes you go like, oh, but what about this?

Because they're so good in the room.

So maybe it's not a waste of time.

I don't know.

But Sean was in the show, I think, Animal Agent, which feels like...

It's very, very close.

I feel like this actor...

Yeah, that like Dead Sea So series Animal Agent that he sort of was like in for one second?

Yeah.

Would he have, would he have messed up this audition so terribly?

Here's what happened.

Let me tell you this story.

So he came into the office, right?

So with Ms. Studios, we sort of a management company.

We're at people.

We sort of cross the picket line whenever we can.

We bring this guy in.

We say, all right, you get a self-tave in the manager's office.

That's freaking weird.

First of all, do it at home.

I don't know why you come here to here.

So he walks in and I'm saying, you know what?

Do it in the bathroom.

Like, I don't want you bothering people, you know?

Sure.

I went into the bathroom.

Where it's all in the toilet.

He sat on the toilet.

He said on the toilet, he sort of took his sweater off and tried to use it as a bit of a like, bounce, you know, for some of the audio.

Sure.

And then, you know, people, then people came in, they were using the bathroom.

And then I'm trying to do the self-tape.

And I had to be on a FaceTime with my mother.

Oh, he had to be on a FaceTime with my mother.

I'm so good at it.

I'm mixing the whole characters in this story.

So yeah.

A lot of characters.

Yes, yes.

So he's on the toilet.

He's on the FaceTime with his mother.

And you're lying, Judy.

And let me just say, if you weren't in this thing, I would have hired his mother because she nailed it.

She was dynamite from what I hear.

Yeah.

She was saying, tell me about your client's role in the pursuit of sexiness because...

I'll tell you about that.

So I feel like another sure thing with, you know...

To give you the experience for this role in Goodwill.

Yeah.

Thank you, let me tell you.

So that project is a man named Phil Jackson's project.

Another really great black performer.

Not V. Phil Jackson from the last game.

I'm so excited for a second.

It's a different Phil Jackson.

Okay.

And this guy, Sean, he's actually in that project for one second playing a police officer.

And he's not only playing a cop, he's playing a bumbling, stupid cop.

I think that's what happens.

People go to this guy, Sean's IMDB.

They're like, pursuit of sexiness.

Maybe we get this guy in some sort of sex scene role.

You don't watch the thing.

He's out here tripping over his own balls and stuff falling on the ground.

He's not sexy at all.

There was, I have to say, there was a sex scene or a lovemaking scene in Goodwill.

Between you and this detective character.

Yeah.

So...

He would have been terrible.

Let me tell you something.

If there's short guys in this sex scene, first of all, zero experience in that area.

He'd probably be in the area of sex or in the area of doing sex.

Total virgin.

He's a total virgin, Scott.

I don't know that you want to blow up a spot like this.

He's a total virgin.

Okay, let me tell you about this Sean guy.

Total virgin.

He's an owner, but no friends.

Total virgin.

Truly, I don't even think he's watched porn.

That's the kind of virgin this guy is.

Oh, no.

This guy doesn't sound right for a good boy or anything else.

He's not good, but he's good for the bumbling, like, sort of idiot guy.

Well, why couldn't there have been that character in Goodboy?

Because that's the one thing that it was missing.

I mean, I know that we spend a lot of time and Steve Gutenberg is in it and he's...

He's playing your boss, but I mean, it really needed like a stupid, like sexually inexperienced.

We needed Sean.

Can I tell you who he could have been?

He could have been a guy who sold you the dog.

And he's sort of like, he's in the pet so he's all busy.

He's like, I don't know what's going on.

There's pets everywhere.

Why don't you just take this freaking dog?

He's called a little guy.

He's steal a turtle.

Whatever you need to do.

He's steal a turtle.

That character, it was a dog, it was like a shelter, like a pound.

So Sean could have worked at the pound.

Yeah, could Sean adjust like that?

No, he's...

Maybe he needs to be dumb.

He's not good at taking notes from what I've heard.

Well, if Sean could have been a cranky customer in line at the coffee shop.

No, I'm talking to you.

I do have to say, there is a scene where you and Ellen Wong, I believe.

Yes, yes.

I have a approximately five minute long conversation while she's...

Seems like you're judging the link so that scene continues.

Okay, perhaps it was one minute, I don't even...

But it seemed like five to me.

Wow.

But the reason I bring up the time is because there are approximately three people behind her in line.

No one says anything.

And the background artists, because they can't have lines, are all encouraged to not even look at the conversation.

They're all staring into space because if they were to make eye contact...

I was a champion.

Someone surely would be like, get her out of line.

I go to torture.

I go to pitch.

This Sean guy, he's standing in the line, right?

And everyone's sort of looking at their clocks.

They're like, when's this line going to move?

The Sean guy...

Clocks, not watches.

They're looking at their clocks.

There's maybe a grandfather clock.

Yeah, there's a flavour, flavour, maybe there's a grandfather clock.

Someone walks over to it, taps the grandfather clock like, what's this clock?

Points at it like, what is up with this?

What's up with this clock?

And then the Sean guy, and I'm going to call him customer number one.

Oh, okay.

That would be a step up for...

He says, he says, hey, what's going on with this?

Oh, shit.

And then he sort of just falls down.

Trips over his own testicles.

I think it's that he tried to yell so hard.

He like, his knees buckled and he just fell out the ground.

He expelled so much oxygen that he just fainted on the spot.

He's so feckless and unmaskulent that that type of energy was more than his body could bear.

He's a little virgin, weak-ass customer one.

And that way we sort of know his motivations.

You know what would be funny is to make up those names for some of the virgin customer, but it really has no bearing on the story at all.

For the guy who is like, hey, I'm in a rush.

And you're just insulting me.

And you're just insulting the virgin customer.

And you're like, why am I the virgin customer?

You've got to give him a trailer with it on the front.

So everyone sees him walking.

I'm sorry to be right.

His name and masking him.

Virgin customer.

And you're like, why?

Why do I have to be the virgin customer?

You just do.

Or you name the cashier like guy who's getting over his father's care.

And he's just like, he just says like, hey, am I supposed to play this?

Oh, no, no, whatever he uses cash anymore.

This is fun.

But that's because his name is guy who goes.

I'm loving this shit.

I'm using me taking so many notes.

Yeah.

This is great stuff for whisper productions.

I've got a bone to pick with you, Scott.

You had a bone to pick with me.

OK, so you had one.

A hard bone.

You had a bone to pick with Judy and now one with me.

My bones picked with Judy.

Bone away.

You have two separate bones.

Turn my bone over to you.

OK, thank you.

Turn your bone slightly to the left.

I turned on comedy bang bang the other day.

Turns out this thing's a turtle podcast now.

I mean, Scott, you're stepping on my shit over here.

I'm the turtle guy.

I know you're the turtle guy, but it's just naturally come up.

It's come up so naturally.

I love it.

But you keep bringing up this biting it to the manhole cup of tea.

I keep going to get over that.

My bad.

Did it not happen or did it happen?

I don't recall our previous conversation.

Maybe in one of the cartoons, but truly dotted the movie, Scott.

They never think a manhole is a pizza, because they're turtles who have gained sentience and they're like, everything round must be a pizza.

I might need to take your ass off this production, Scott, because pre-pro is really slowing down with having to explain to you every second of the story.

Every detail.

Judy, I have got a pitch for you.

I will pitch.

So we've got April O'Neill.

She's in the movie.

OK, we don't know who that's going to be yet.

No.

She apparently is a friend to the turtles.

She hangs with the turtles.

She's the turtles best friend.

She's a human.

OK.

She's not an animal.

I think she should have a friend.

Oh, and this friend, what I'm pitching is, turns out she's the quirky friend.

This is one of those classic Judy Greer rolls with Judy's like stealing every scene.

Yeah.

It's like crushing it.

And then guess what?

Guess who turns out to be the bad guy?

The turtle.

Do it.

Do it yourself.

Whoa.

That's who have experienced stealing turtles.

You could kidnap all the turtles.

You guys, I was made for this.

That's what I'm talking about.

I've had a lot of cool jobs.

I've been in some really special projects, but I do feel like it was all leading up to this.

Yeah.

This is the culmination.

There's one part of it you don't know yet.

It's that the reveal is that you're a character named Krang.

Oh.

Oh, well, Krang, Krang came up the other day, by the way, on this podcast.

And what was what's Krang's deal?

I don't think I ever explained it.

I was on the toilet.

And the office the other day listening to this podcast, you guys bring up Krang.

Don't know what I explained.

I'm screaming at the top of my lungs.

Scrap so pissed.

I almost said to you and email, but I was like, I'll get back on the show and I'll show you.

You and your clients spend so much time in the toilet.

I know it's where the business gets done.

The business.

It is.

I'm shitting the business of shit.

Now Judy, Krang is a brain that lives inside a big robot.

And we did not talk about this.

What?

Okay.

Krang is from the future.

He's got this thing called the techno drone.

It's a big ball.

That is a machine that he lives in.

Krang is a robot.

Is everyone like this in the future or?

Oh, yeah.

The future is fucked up.

So the future, everyone is a brain in a robot.

Thank you, Scott.

Oh, finally catching up.

Now what's going to happen is this Judy Greek character, she's going to rub.

She's going to like open her stomach.

And sort of you going to see cut off her eyebrows, cut off the eyebrows and reveal this robot parts under there.

Yes.

And then in your stomach is the living brain.

Krang, who's been like, you know, sort of undercover as April's friend.

I'm loving the issue.

This is.

So Krang is a brain that lives in my stomach.

Yes.

That's my friend.

So turns out you're a robot.

You're not even a person.

Oh.

You're Krang being run by a robot.

I wish I could show you a picture of this thing.

It's pretty freaking crazy.

You've been sketching it the entire time.

I have been sketching it.

And at his, I'd love to see just a rough draft of what you have.

It just scribbles of sort of looks like a mad man's carving.

You're not, I mean, hey, you're not, no one ever said you were an artist.

Oh, I knew.

I represent artists.

That's right.

Well, you have to be creative to see their potential.

Somebody gets it.

Judy, I feel like we've got this sort of this rapport.

Like, I don't know who your managers are now.

I don't know that you're allowed to poach clients necessarily, but if you happen to be in between situations, I mean.

I don't follow rules, baby.

I do whatever I want.

I'm packaging.

I'm making money on both ends.

It's a short changing people.

But so if I'm posting, I don't give a shit.

How much do you charge for your services, by the way?

Isn't it something like 60 percent?

It's 63 percent.

Why the three?

Oh, well, because it used to be 60 percent.

And then I was like, these, these freaking people are coming to our offices a lot using our bathrooms and she's costing us money.

The toilet paper.

So, so I added the three percent for just sort of bathroom maintenance.

Like expenses.

Yeah.

It's like, if someone's got to charge that Daiso hand dryer, you know, she knows that takes charges.

Yeah, you're going to charge it up.

Every night.

It's like a Tesla.

I didn't realize that.

Of course.

But he's got.

Well, Sprague, this is, I mean, these are all great ideas.

Judy, I'm assuming you're in and.

Oh, yeah.

Totally.

So just send your current agent.

I forget, are you an agent and a manager?

Is that why you take?

I'm sort of an agent manager producer.

So you take the 63 percent as the agent.

Right.

Then there's another 17.

There's another.

So there's another 17 is the manager.

And then I'm taking like, like 5 percent as your lawyer and business manager as well.

And one.

And then a separate paycheck as the producer of whatever project it is.

I'm a one stop shop, maybe.

So you could give 100 percent of your income to Sprague here.

It's a one stop shop.

That makes it easier for me the more I think about it.

Who wants to write all those separate checks?

I don't.

I can't do math.

I'm an actress.

Yeah.

Were you ever a server in a restaurant?

I mean, anytime people would say separate checks, it's the worst thing that can ever happen.

I said, we don't do that here.

Exactly.

And you're lying at the time.

Yes.

Of course.

I know anyone can do separate checks.

I'm like, no, I'm sorry.

We're not capable of it.

Yeah.

But anyone can do it.

Yeah.

Well, this is gold is the scene.

The turtles are in the restaurant.

And they're dressed up as humans, right?

And you know, April's friend, you walk over to them and they say, hey, can we split the checks and you say, we don't do that.

And then walk away.

And then that's when they start going, you know, they're weird about her.

I like that.

I thought they were always dressed as humans because ninjas are humans.

Are they not?

Scalded.

Not if they're turtles.

They're further dressing up to they have to do.

Scott, where got you take time this weekend and watch the movies?

Because you're writing the script on this thing.

You've never even seen the original IP.

I draw the line there.

I don't want to know too much about it.

Otherwise I'll have nothing to talk about on this podcast.

That's true.

How many movies are there?

There's three.

There's the first one, the second one, Secret of the Oos.

And then Turtles in Time is the third one.

And then there's TMNT, right?

Which was the reboot, is that right?

Oh, those are the originals.

I'm not talking about the CGI shit.

We're talking live action puppets.

Everyone's fucking dying in those suits.

People can't do any sort of the heat exhaustion.

I know they're like, one of them is like Corey Feldman.

Isn't that right?

That's one of their facts that I know.

That's the OGs and that's Donatello.

He makes machines.

Oh, wonderful.

Well, look, I could talk about this subject matter for hours, obviously.

And I promise to.

Scott, it seems like we're doing a sort of you're talking you do to me side project.

We just talked to it.

You're always angling for a stitcher premium.

I love a stitcher premium, baby.

But look, we have to take a break.

When we come back, we'll have that aforementioned retired spy.

This is, I'm really excited about getting to this.

We'll be right back with more Judy Greer, right back with more Sprague the Whisper after this.

We're back here, Judy Greer of Good Boy, which is a subset of Into the Dark, which is a subset of Hulu, which is a subset of 20th Century Fox, which is a subset of Disney.

It came out on Friday.

People can watch it.

It's approximately 90 minutes and horror comedy.

And there's here's what else we've covered on it.

There's a detective in it and Steve Gutenberg are in it.

So, and Ellen Wong.

So that's a bunch of information for you.

People can get it.

Also, Sprague the Whisper is here cooking up several projects and we have to get to our next guest.

He is, and this is very exciting because I'm fascinated with the spy craft in general.

I think the falcon, the snowman, the dead drops, all that kind of stuff, I'm really, really, really interested in.

We're going to talk to him about exactly what he has to do with it.

Please welcome to the show Buck Riley.

Hello, Buck.

Hey, how are we doing here?

We're doing great.

I can't speak for everybody.

Judy, do you want to answer?

I'm great.

Judy, good to hear it.

Sprague, how are you?

I'm doing freaking great over here.

Me too.

Sprague is always really, really.

I'm really full.

I'm rolling balls.

I mean, you're on, you're on Molly this entire time.

Big pot to my cannon.

I love it.

I did not, I haven't read up on your cannon, but I love your optimism.

I got to say, you're pretty well composed for being completely affected by an artificial substance.

I think it just helps his ideas though.

You know, a lot of people, it wouldn't get anything done, but for Sprague, he seems to thrive on it.

Honestly, it just gets me back to normal to be able to.

You have to roll on Molly just to get to zero.

That's your baseline.

That's your normal.

Your normal temperament is so negative that you need MDMA just to hit like normal contentment.

I wake up, I brush my teeth, sprinkle a little MDMA on my toothpaste, and then just get to work.

Yeah.

That sounds good.

I would sprinkle it on the toothbrush and then put the toothpaste on top of it.

Why?

Put it on the toothpaste, then I squeeze it out.

Hopefully a little bit gets on it, but it works out.

I don't know.

Maybe you're stuck.

Why did you pick that?

Why did you pick that detail, the quibble over?

Are you worried that he's wasting his MDMA?

Or what do you see right here on that part?

Well, you know, toothpaste, it is sticky, so that helps.

I just worry that the, you know, unnatural shape of it would cause some to fly off the side and he would lose some of it.

You put it on the toothpaste and then waste some of the MDMA.

If you put it on the brush, you're going to get it all in there.

Oh.

Yeah.

That's all.

You're not worried about this man's dependence on drugs or his emotional problems.

It's financial.

It's just a little bit of a problem.

It's a canon.

It's canon.

You know what's got?

You convinced me I'll put it on the brush.

Okay, great.

Put it on the brush.

Huge.

So is that going to go into some kind of CBB wiki page?

Is that imparted?

I would imagine.

I don't know what those cover, I guess every guest who's been on the show has a page devoted to them and with some of their details and a huge fan of the show.

So I'm excited if I got here to see some of the canon written down.

Oh, you're a huge fan of the show.

That's so nice.

Well, welcome to it.

Huge fan of yours.

Judy, a huge fan of yours.

Oh, I see.

Great.

Huge fan of yours.

Well, look, I don't need to waste your time.

I get the sense that you're on the mall.

I don't feel like you're wasting our time as much as we're wasting yours.

I'm going to get, there's no, I'm not going to stretch out.

I don't need to waste anybody's time.

No, there's no need to.

Yeah.

There's no need to waste any time any further.

We should tear you no further.

We should just just drop all other side conversations and we should just get to it.

Is that right?

Not at all.

I don't want to impose on anybody.

I look.

No, that's not what you're about.

I mean, and I can just sense that about you.

You have a very, I mean, I don't like to say that guests have big, dick energy, but you have, you know, because I mean, that might make someone feel like, oh, no, well, I don't actually have that, but I'm saying you're negative.

Yeah.

I'm not super excited to have late on top of me, but I just feel like that might be part of your cannon.

That might be very important.

Take it, dude.

Take that's good cannon to get.

No, I'll take it.

I'll take big, dick energy as a primary part of my personality.

I like the first thing people say about me, buck Riley, that guy's got huge, dick energy.

Huge.

Well, I wouldn't go that far.

You have big, dick energy, but you know, a little B.D.

I'm overstepping my balance.

You don't have HD.

Okay.

Great.

I'm kind of energy.

You think I have.

I'm happy to have it.

You have B.D.E.

not HGTV.

Let me write that down.

I have B.D.

Sprague already beat you to it.

He's already writing down.

Yeah, I'm freaking straightening all the notes.

You got tons of notes.

Okay.

Used to be an assistant.

I'm great at taking notes.

Wow.

What a upward trajectory.

My dog just got diagnosed with TBC.

What is TBC?

Tiny, tiny, big bones.

Thick body condition.

Oh, I think I've been diagnosed.

I've been diagnosed with that as well.

Unfortunately, during the quarantine.

I didn't realize that was a medical term.

Yeah.

I think I've strived to have thick body condition.

Is it thick with two Cs?

No.

That's unfortunate.

Thick body condition.

What a gracious way to describe what I think is a negative thing about somebody's diet plan.

I know.

I'm not overweight.

I have thick body condition.

TBC.

Buck, I would say that I'm doing really good.

Thanks for causing and taking the time to ask me how I'm doing.

No one checks in on the host.

You're holding the saw up.

Let's see how you're doing.

Have we gotten to your thing yet?

I can't wait to tell.

I doubt it.

My thing is that I'm retired.

The reason that's important is I am retiring as of my appearance on this show.

I am using my appearance on this show to announce my retire.

That's what I'm here to do.

You're sort of unmasking yourself in a way.

I'm unmasking.

That's right.

I am giving up the spy game as of this appearance.

I've been doing it for years and years.

Over 20 years I've been in the spy game and I've just had it and I'm hanging up my hat.

So you've had it.

You're not just retiring because of...

I'm fed up.

I'm fed up with it.

I'm walking away because you work for the federal government.

Which parts of the pun?

The up part, I think.

You ever see that movie?

Oh, that's right.

Yes.

Sometimes I forget how you really have to be up on pop culture references to the conversation.

I don't know that the federal government is...

I consider the federal government to be a pop culture reference.

Okay.

I'm not up on all these pop culture references like federal government.

So you've had it up to here and when I say here, I'm pointing at my own neck.

But presumably you're correct.

Yes, that's correct.

I've had a next worth of frustration with the spy game and I'm walking away from it.

I've put up with it for a long time and I've had it.

Congratulations.

What's that?

Oh, thank you so much.

Yeah, it's an important part of my self realization to walk away from the spy game.

Sure.

I've had it with the lying.

I mean...

The lying.

Yeah.

I can't take it anymore.

The spy game involves a lot of falsehoods, a lot of hanging people out to dry.

Yeah.

Leaving people down, blind alleys, and purposely deceiving them.

And I have had it because that's not what I got into the spy game for.

Is it hard to maintain friendships because...

Yes, you get attached to people and then you have to say, hey.

You have to kill them.

I've been...

You've got to either kill them or say, hey, I used you.

You know, I've hooked you for the gain of the person who's hired me.

And it takes a toll on you because you get moved.

But who would have hired you if you worked for the federal government?

I have worked for the federal government, but I'm a spy mercenary.

So I've worked for many covert bodies and organizations.

Sometimes federal governments, sometimes criminal organizations.

I'm a money guy.

I'm going to go with the money.

What about the Illuminati?

Is that a hoo?

Oh, yeah.

The Illuminati exists and I've been contracted by the good guys.

Who are they, by the way?

Oh, men?

Yeah, they're mostly men.

Kanye West.

Kanye West is in his...

Excuse me.

Hold on.

No, no, no.

I'm hanging.

Yes.

Be careful.

Be careful what you're saying.

Sprague.

I don't know.

Sprague.

I've had it with heaven to hold secrets.

It's just...

And I know...

You start with the Illuminati.

You start getting into my territory just a bit.

I know.

Sprague.

I know you're involved in this.

Oh, that's right.

You're part of the Illuminati.

Is that right?

Oh, yeah.

Well, I'm a DJ for the Illuminati.

You're part of the Illuminati.

Yeah.

They have their own DJ.

They have several DJs.

You can tell them about...

Several DJs.

There's North American DJ, European DJ, African...

Whatever region of the world that they're running things in...

Continent, it sounds like.

Mostly continent.

So you're the North American DJ or you're the United States.

I'm the North American DJ.

So sometimes it's got to hit it down.

Mexico.

Sure, sure, sure.

Sure.

I'll see you at the parties and I'll talk to you and we'll make a friendship.

And then I have to like keep that under wraps.

I can't contact you.

I can't use your Yahoo email address because that's...

Then I'm like breaking a spine.

You can't go to his wedding.

I can't go to his wedding because I'll blow up his spot.

I'll blow up his spot as an Illuminati DJ.

Are you, when you're a spy, are you encouraged to keep your emotions separate from all of your...

Absolutely.

It's supposed to... it is very difficult to compartmentalize.

Scott, thank you for asking that.

Right.

Wait, what if you're like really afraid of spiders but then your spy character is not afraid of spiders?

This is a good point.

It's a great point.

You have hit on one of the hardest parts of this.

I'll be put into... I am scared of spiders.

How many spy characters are unafraid of spiders?

It's usually like 99% right?

You'd have to be.

If you're a spy.

You have to be.

You can't be afraid of shit.

I was contracted to be a spy in the Amazon jungle.

They were laying out my dossier.

They were like 0.1.

You're not afraid of spiders.

I was like, that's number one.

Right off the battery.

No.

I'm terrified of spiders.

They're like, not for this mission.

I'm like, great.

You're playing Greg Coleman and Greg Coleman is a spider lover.

Greg Coleman loves spiders.

I'm like, is that necessary?

I'm here to assassinate an undersecretary of a certain embassy.

Does the spider thing enter into it?

They're like, we want you to work in your feudalist newspapers.

It's not a case spiders come up.

They want you to actually work it in.

They're like, it is important to this mission.

And they're paying good money.

So I got to do it.

I'm like, great.

So I got to walk in.

I'm here to assassinate an undersecretary of fisheries.

Okay.

I cannot name the country because then I'm going to get other people in trouble, which I don't want to do.

Okay.

If we were to guess so would you.

Would you be able to, if we were to...

If you guess it, I'll say yes.

It's a South American country.

I was there to assassinate their undersecretary of a certain country.

Undersecretary of fisheries.

I'm going to guess Argentina.

Anyone else have a guest?

No, you're dead right.

You're dead right.

I killed the undersecretaries of fisheries of Argentina in 1994.

But I was friends with this guy and all we all had to talk about was how I wasn't scared of spiders.

So you bonded over your love of spiders?

Yeah.

Green Day, the rise of grunge.

This was 1994.

Sure, of course.

So we were, we curcobane's death must have affected you.

Curcobane had just killed himself.

Oh boy.

We were crying.

Diddy though.

What was it?

I didn't see it.

I didn't see him do it.

Judy, be careful.

I'm sorry.

Never mind.

Wait, are you in the open audience?

Judy, have you been involved in some undercurrent stuff?

Don't worry about it.

All I'm saying is this.

Let's say part of your dossier is that you hate Nirvana.

And then like Smells Like Teen Spirit comes in the radio when you're being your spy person and you can't rock out.

Right.

That's exactly right.

You must be separate that part of your personality.

You would be able to head bang, nor you know, bark your eye about that, that loss.

Right.

Fortunately, fortunately this spy character loved curcobane and grunge music and spiders.

Which one?

I was playing?

Yes.

In 1994.

Yes.

I had to pretend I love spiders.

Fortunately, I was allowed to love grunge music.

That was point number two in the doc.

The assassination was point three.

They're like one you love spiders, two you're into grunge and you get it.

Three you have to assassinate the undersea.

Yeah, you get it for real.

You're not like a you're not a bandwagon jumper.

Right.

Like understand to them three isn't happening if you don't have one in two.

Yeah.

That's what they say.

I have a day that I feel like a great job for an out of work actor would be making these dossiers.

Yeah, we should talk about that shunt distant guy.

Care.

Yes.

You're a good client.

Your client.

You do this because you just like start.

You just are really like breaking down a character.

Judy, I feel a lot of these guys who hire spies are frustrated out of work actors who are taking what roles they wish they could do out on you because I'd be like, look, I don't think a lot of this is necessary for the mission.

Yeah.

You know, you want to assassinate a guy.

You want me to break into a library and steal some information.

Yeah.

And you're also dealing with the death of your father.

Yes.

You know what I think is happening?

I think these guys are getting you to sort of act it out so they can sort of take notes and be like, oh, I like that choice.

Oh, it takes notes.

Try give notes.

Oh, there are a lot of try to make notes you to death in the spy.

No, yet to death.

So I'll come back and I'll be like, all right, I broke into the library of Cairo and I've retrieved a microfiche that contains within it the social security information of the wealthiest Americans.

They're like, great, did you act really like you're getting over the death of your father?

Like, I don't remember.

They're like, well, we think you could have done that better.

They're like, what?

Do they make you go back and do it again?

Then they make me, they go over the tape.

They give me notes.

They're like, go back.

They're like, wait, wait, pause.

Wait, pause.

Why are you drinking a coffee?

Your character hates coffee.

They're like, you're getting over the death of your father, but you're digging into coffee.

This enthusiastically, we don't buy it.

Nobody nobody would notice that.

So you do a reverse shoplift with the information.

Put the microfiche of the social security numbers back and then redo it.

I'm just doing these notes for the studio, i.e. the people who hire.

Sure, yeah.

But do you ever do one for them and one for you?

That's what you do.

You give one for them.

Hey, you know what?

Some of these guys are good guys.

They'll meet you halfway on this.

Sure.

So you assassinate someone the way you want to do it.

I'm like, okay, look, I'm not going to drink the coffee, but when I assassinate the guy, I'm going to scream at the spider behind him because I think that's part.

I don't think that's necessary.

I think I remember in sort of 1999, you did sort of a indie assassination where there was a lot of mumblecore stuff going on.

And then at the end, there was a lot of assassinations in the late 90s and early 2000s.

Got a lot more low-key.

And I love that.

Like more handheld, like shakier you could walk around.

You know, yeah.

But there's a lot of improvisation that goes with that though too.

And sometimes that can be exhausting.

It's not my forte.

I'll tell you what, sometimes riffing is too expensive for me.

Like, if you're out there riffing, we're burning tape.

We're burning tape.

Well, especially if you're using film canister ends, you know what I mean?

It's like, come on, we need to stick to the script.

We weren't getting into total digital stuff.

So it was like riff a lot during this assassination.

I'm like, that's going to slow it down.

Let's not.

Don't try to get right to this.

Just decide right now what jokes you want me to make.

They're like, no, do it like three or four times.

We'll take the best one.

We want to see what you get in the moment.

I'm like, oh, here we go.

I'm just wondering about speeding things up.

If you could maybe do these assassinations on roller blades or something, and then you would have more time for riffing.

Judy, I know you mean well.

Okay, sorry.

I'm sorry I said that.

I like that note.

That's the kind of note that you really complicated.

Yeah.

That sounds like a real studio note for the spies.

I mean, that's what happened with Xanadu.

It was such a wonderful script.

And then suddenly it's like, hey, let's put them on roller blades.

Same thing with Starlight Express.

Oh.

Wonderful script about a train.

And then suddenly everyone's on roller skates and it just like it gets delivered.

The original version of Starlight Express, no skating, no glow in the dark.

It was wonderful.

It was so pure.

The dangers of network, no, because people, that's what happens.

Although I do have to say if the three ninjas were to be on roller blades, that's better than them being on a bicycle.

Okay, well now my ears are perked up.

What are we talking about?

We're back to ninja.

You haven't been listening up till now?

No, I'm down here drawing.

You checked out.

I'm drawing crang as GDG.

Let me see crang.

I did a drawing of crang too.

You do you do you do crangs?

All right, Judy and I will be the judge.

I tried to draw like a robot brain.

Hold that closer.

Hold that closer to us if you could.

Yeah, okay.

That's pretty good.

So for the listeners, it's sort of a stick figure woman, but right there in the middle, there's a bit of brain.

Yeah, inner belly.

And a little thick with two C's.

She's kind of got thick body syndrome.

Condition.

All right, let's see yours.

Okay, mine, I actually didn't draw.

Mine just still looks like the drawings of a mad man.

There's triangles and stuff.

Yeah.

There's like equations and stuff.

What exactly is it?

Looks like a playbook.

Well, let me ask you this book.

Can I ask you a question?

Of course, I'm open to quest.

Now that I'd love to talk.

You're tired of this life.

Absolutely.

Wait, I don't know if you started.

Oh, okay.

Sorry, I got my life in general.

The spy life.

Is this the way you talk to your clients, by the way?

I thought we were worried about Shondis do this book.

Yeah, I thought we were like about the Bayekofan.

Put this guy down.

You're done with your job.

Don't try to talk me into that.

Well, what kind of job would you do?

Because if you're not working, you might as well be dead.

Well, my favorite part of the spy game was chit chat.

So what I want to do is open a deli.

Open a deli so that as everyday customers come in and I can just chit chat with them about the day.

Yeah.

Here comes ham and cheese, I'll say to somebody.

Judy's character in Goodboy was the queen of chit chat while people were in line.

Yes.

Chit chat in the way.

Yeah, yeah.

Oh, yeah.

Well, maybe I do need some notes from you on some good chit chat then.

That's the kind of assignment I want.

See, I'm worried, Buck, because you're going to get this deli.

You're going to start the chit chat.

Then you're going to be like, Oh, shit, I've got to run a deli now.

I've got to be like, do something about the deli part of it?

Yeah, why deli?

I'm looking for a world where there's a lot of people coming in and out and you know, dropping up the meat could be fun.

No, sort of like me.

So you want to run a popular deli?

I mean, that's totally separate from just running a deli.

I want crowds of people coming in so I could work the line.

You're going to take too long.

Those people in line are going to be upset.

Yeah, you want an unpopular deli where people come in and you have a lot of time to do more time for chit chat.

Yeah, I want people who are into lingering.

I need like an environment that's good for lingering.

Well, what about a library?

Or like a deli that's a library.

You come in and you borrow meat.

I think a laundry mat, a laundry mat is like a fucking slam dunk for lingering.

This has inspired me.

I'm going to open a combo.

A combo.

So we have deli, library, and bears.

Wait, bears?

I didn't hear.

Deli library and bears.

Live bears.

No, no, I don't think you can sell those.

I think that's against this.

Are these purely for viewing purposes or maybe you can hang out like come play with the bears?

Yeah.

Are you like swinging with the dolphin?

You're talking about being some sort of Joe Exotic for bears.

Yeah.

Raising them and having watched Tiger King at heaven.

Watch to eat it in a guelph.

But you know what Joe Exotic is because you were able to put the pieces together and say Tiger King.

So you kind of know exactly.

He doesn't matter if you want you to do that.

I read a lot of Twitter.

So I try to work backwards.

Well, he's a spy.

He knows everything.

Yeah, but you're coming up against him like I haven't watched.

I don't know what you're talking about.

I'm above it is what I'm saying.

I'm above it.

I'm above trash like that.

But I've got I've got an easier pitch for you, Buck.

If it's just chit chat you like, let's get a stitch of premium going podcast, baby podcast baby.

Yes.

Did you know I'm thinking a podcast hosted by sort of an ex spy.

That sounds.

Yeah.

And what's the deal with podcast?

You got to have a pun in the title.

Is that the deal?

Is that the way it helps?

It definitely helps.

I mean, so what a nonsensical bang bang or oh, spy spy spy bang bang.

Hey, wait, wait, what about a bang bang?

What about you're a spy who reviews spy movies.

So it's called I spy, I spy.

Oh, talking to the master right here.

I mean, he's the king.

He's the absolute king.

We're talking to me.

Look, I know I don't own the company anymore, but I can green light this right now.

Give me the power to green light.

One thing.

I'm alone.

This is it.

You're going to waste it on this?

Yeah, this is it, baby, because I you are a star just based on this half hour appearance.

I spy spy.

Oh, I love it.

Spy spy spy spy spy versus spy.

You have spies on.

Yes, you have a different spy on.

Yeah.

And you out them like a Valerie plane kind of thing.

I'll have three, three guests.

One of them is a spy.

Yes.

To tell the truth, but with spies.

Yes.

And by the end of it, we say who the spy is.

And there's a woman.

There's a woman who has to ask all the questions.

Yes.

Like the dating game?

Yeah, but it's like the spy.

And she's someone that the audience loves and the audience is like when she pops up, it's like, oh, I love her.

What was she?

Beauty, are you trying to backwards pitch your way into being on this podcast?

Yes.

All right, you're in.

You're using it without a spy every episode.

Great.

Well, of course I'm executive producing and this thing Scott, I kind of feel like you could be one of the guests on the first episode.

Pretend to be a spy.

Oh, I could try me.

Try me.

Okay, I'll pretend to be a spy who is not afraid of spiders.

We should also have Sam Rockwell on because he played a spy in a movie.

Yes.

Also an extra in Ninja Turtles one.

It would be metal.

It would be really meta if like Sam was a spy and metal.

It would be fucking metal as well.

I love being told to look things up in conversations.

I love being given homework to verify.

Well, maybe you're not going to chitchat then because that's going to be a lot of some out of what chitchat is.

I don't mind.

I'm into it.

If you're going to start quibbling with the way other people talk.

Let's pretend we're all spies.

Okay.

Let's only one of us is a spy.

We'll try to guess who.

Okay, three of us have to pretend to not be a spy and one of us has to pretend to be a spy pretending not to be a spy.

Okay, who's going to guess?

I'll guess.

Okay.

Maybe Judy should guess.

Wait, I'm going to guess.

You're going to guess which one of us is actually a spy.

Well, I guess, but I mean, I'm going to guess you because you were a spy.

Correct.

Damn it.

This is not a good game.

It doesn't work.

That's bad.

Quick up.

Yeah, we won't.

Maybe this will throw her off.

Check this out.

I'll take a martini.

Shaken not stayed.

Okay.

No, I still know.

Are you going to change your answer?

No, I still know that Buck was a spy because he was a spy.

That's right again.

Right again.

Okay.

Tough game.

The game's tough.

I do have a tight.

Here's here's something that I want to ask you, Judy, though.

Yeah.

You assume he's a spy just because he said he was?

Yes.

Okay.

God, it could be a really good.

Yeah.

No, she's right.

She's right.

You're the spy.

You are the spy.

Wow.

I did admit it several times.

That's three apps in there a little quick.

Yeah.

I'm going to advertise on this podcast.

You know what, Buck, I'm afraid I'm going to have to do a reverse green light.

This is a right.

I think you're right.

I'm wrong.

Let me ask you this, Buck, how much do you like the Ninja Turtles?

Because me and Scott are about to do this side turtle project.

Yeah.

If you're into it.

If you want to talk turtles for like 10 episodes.

Talk internal.

Well, that's my show without him, Scott actually.

Talk internal.

But that's about turtle for moderate.

That's about turtle for moderate.

So we can't cross over into that.

But we might do it.

We're talking turtles.

You're talking turtle.

We'll do sort of a lab.

They could cross over.

We're talking several turtles.

I'd love to talk Ninja Turtles.

I've never seen the movies.

I'm a comic book only purist for the Ninja Turtles.

Oh, really?

So you just like the, and now here's something I do know.

Kevin Eastman created.

Yeah.

Is that correct?

Yeah.

Eastman.

So they created this and that's the only Ninja Turtles that you've seen.

That's the only one I respect and believe in.

Do they ever bite into a manhole and thinking, you know, it's a pizza or?

I don't know.

Because it's great.

Right over here thought that I got that image in my head because of the comics.

I don't recall that happening.

I'll have to go back and check.

It's not something that stands out.

To me that feels like one of those unlicensed T-shirts that somebody got from like, you know, Jamaica.

Maybe it was one of those Bart Simpson's T-shirts.

It's like Calvin's.

Where are Bart Simpson as dreads.

Yeah.

That's probably what you saw Scott.

What a roller coaster.

You know what's it?

You know, it might be a good podcast for you.

If you like comic books, maybe you do a podcast where you just talk about comic books.

Yeah.

Like Spiderman or, or if you like music, you could talk about, you know, a band like the Beatles.

I mean, Adam and I have those.

Yeah.

And I have those.

I have those.

Good chat.

Those are the kind of the perfect kinds of podcasts for you.

Yeah.

Judy, do you want to start a podcast with us?

Come on.

I'm giving out a podcast today.

I do.

What would that be?

Well, I've always fantasized about having my own advice column.

Oh, okay.

Well, let's, can you test you for advice?

I would call it Dear Judy Greer and, okay.

Little literal, but, okay.

But it's got a good rhyme.

Yeah.

And then people could write me advice question, they would write in a question and I would give advice.

So you wouldn't actually really want to talk to them.

You would have to read their, their questions.

You want to put a buffer between you and the audience here.

Oh, that's a really good question.

You're already helping me develop that.

Let's talk to it out here.

Okay.

So we'll have problems and we'll come to you.

I need some advice.

Yes.

Okay, what do you have?

Dear Judy Greer.

Yeah.

I'm writing to you on thick, full scaps sitting on my balcony, overlooking a forest.

I've just finished a cup of coffee and I'm now ready to communicate to you via writing my problems.

So this show, this show delves into the writing process notes.

Yes.

I like it.

Considerably.

It's got some formality that I kind of dig.

I also like that we're describing the stationery.

Go ahead.

I have begun dating a young woman.

How young?

Our relationship is new.

Well, young for me, she's 35.

Whoa.

And I'm about to have her over to my place for the first time.

Ooh.

And I'm nervous about it.

Sure.

I'm not a good host.

I'm not a good cook.

Okay.

But, and I've been putting this off and it's starting to hurt her feelings.

So it has to happen.

She advised to smooth this over.

Also I'm a spy.

Yours, but right.

Why do you think you're nervous about having her over?

Is this a lie you've been telling?

This was a lie that I sort of backed into immediately early in the relationship.

Yeah.

Was this on the dossier that was given to you?

I borrowed a dossier from another mission and used it as a backstory when I met her.

Yeah.

Smart.

I met her on a spy mission.

I don't mind lying again.

I think I can get you out of this.

Okay.

So you didn't tell her this because it happened very suddenly, but your father died.

Your father was the one that taught you to cook.

Oh, this is so good.

And you can't cook anymore now that your father's dead because it's too hard.

So I'm getting over the death of my...

It's too hard.

Getting over the death of one's father is a big part of a lot of your advice.

Is that right, Judy Greer?

Yes.

All right.

I mean, I got it.

It sounds like it'll work.

By the way, Buck, do you have to assassinate her when the evening is over?

I'm supposed to do that.

I've been putting it off.

Oh, oh.

That's my one mission that I haven't yet completed.

Yeah.

I don't know.

The whole thing is a little, you know, or I mean, are you getting physically close with her on the date or?

We have begun that part of our relationship, yes.

I'll be honest.

This sounds like a very horny rom-com to me and I love it.

I'm horny.

Get a ninja involved in this way.

If there's just one ninja that's a complication in Act 3, I'll finance the whole date.

Well, and this is tonight?

Tonight, yes.

Oh boy.

Wow.

Okay.

So good luck to you.

I'll order some food in.

I'll order some food in and pretend that my dad is dead.

Yes.

And just remember, you can always use caution tape to like X out any doorways you don't want her to walk through so she doesn't have to know.

So like dad died there in your apartment.

That's good because there's some parts of the apartment I don't want to clean.

Yeah.

So I would just get that I would put some yellow caution tape or one of those like- Dad just passed away two hours ago here.

I have a room of books that's so painfully organized it makes me look crazy.

So I'd like to just lock that up.

It's not messy.

It's like a Hannibal Lecter effect.

It's like so pristine that it looks insane.

I had a girl, I had a friend who broke up with this girlfriend because she rearranged to CD.

It's like alphabetically and he didn't have it that way and he was just like, I'm done.

I can't.

I'm done.

I have a friend who arranges his books by color and that is insane to me.

Yeah.

That's like a friend who designed anything.

That's like a design thing.

You can hide my height first and color second and then year of publication third and then title.

I have all mine organized by the last name of the editor of every book.

Oh, smart.

Can you do this?

Well, how can you not?

Well, because it is true that you also got all of these books that you've read and then page by page, iron them so that they were crisp and perfect again.

Yes, which takes a long time.

But if you want your books to look ship shape, you got to iron those pages.

And you have a $2 bill in every single book, right?

So you didn't start the term.

Which is also been ironed and starched.

It's like a cartoon dollar bill.

Yeah.

Well, I don't know.

You know, here's part of the problem.

You came on this show and you basically admitted to the world that you're a spy.

It's right.

Think about that before tonight's assessment.

We're just coming out.

When is this episode coming out?

No, it's out, baby.

It's out right now.

No, what a blew it.

Ah.

Well, now you're burdened.

You know what?

Now your burden is off.

You're retired.

You don't have to pretend anymore.

You're a spy.

You can pursue this relationship with her on purely equal footing.

That's right.

You don't have to kill everyone just because you're a spy or were a spy.

Well, I mean, I was hired to, this woman is a high ranking diplomat for a country that I am not allowed to name.

Well, you could, by the way, is it Brazil?

Correct.

Do you?

No, very good.

Do you only kill people in South America?

I have a lot of contacts in South America.

So I ended up, you know, you work a mouth.

Sure, sure, sure, sure.

I didn't mean to set out to be the South American guy, but then I go to the house.

You're like the go-to guy.

You just, you know, word gets around.

Can you give back the money?

Is that possible?

Or once you have accepted them, oh, you've spent it.

I'd spent it.

What on this dinner tonight?

Yeah.

I went big.

Wait, why don't you fake her death?

Here we go.

Fake her death.

And you're upset about it.

You have all that caution tape.

If I pretend that some ninjas broke into my apartment and...

Yes, I'm listening.

Finally, you're listening again.

He's back.

You said ninjas, my ears picked up.

Let's do it.

You're like Mel Gibson in that movie where he can only hear the thoughts of ninjas.

Yes!

Mel Gibson involved.

You're right, Judy.

I'm friends with him.

I'll do it.

Whoa, okay, you are.

Okay, man, you need it.

This is big fun.

No, and I've been buddies for a long time.

Oh, so this is a big part of your cannon, really?

That's big cannon.

Yeah, chill dude.

He loves Nirvana.

We would talk about grunge music.

Wait, this is the guy you were talking about?

You were hired to kill Mel Gibson?

I was hired to kill Mel Gibson, but I couldn't do it because he just charmed.

circa 95?

Just charmed me.

I gotta say, Buck, this is a huge late addition to the cannon.

It really is.

And we don't have time to get into it.

We could have started there.

I know.

We could have started there, but we're running out of time.

Initially, my cannons are a bit too complicated.

Yeah.

We are running out of time.

We just have time for one final feature on the show, and that is a little something called plugs.

I'd love to listen to you talk about the projects you have got to tell me to go in.

I see my cannon waiting to stop this turn.

For the plugs.

Hit me please.

With your new show, roll on your new feet.

I know you're not a friend of the sky.

You just want a free blue blessing to you.

I do the same with my word.

That was longer than that conversation at that coffee shop.

Was it longer than the conversation in the coffee shop in the five minute scene of Goodboy?

That was For the Plugs by Calvin Voicikovsky.

Thank you, Calvin Voicikovsky.

If you have a plug theme, send it on in.

You can be played on this show.

All right.

What do we plug in?

We're going to be able to see you.

You Thank you.
