♪♪♪ Every morning I wake up believing today's the day I find my third nipple. Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

Mmm, thank you to Tony the Poop Butt Butterfly. Now come on guys. Stop with this. Tony the Poop Butt Butterfly.

For that catchphrase submission. Thank you so much to Tony the Poop Butt Butterfly. If you want to be like Tony the Poop Butt Butterfly.

And hear your catchphrase on the air of this podcast. Do what Tony the Poop Butt Butterfly did.

Which is go to the ear wolf message boards and upload it or whatever they do. I have no idea.

Welcome to the show. Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang for another week. Deep into June. So deep. Put your ass to sleep.

We have a great episode for you here today. We have a singing trio coming up very soon.

And we also have a man of the cloth. And the cloth that I'm talking about is a priest's robe.

And let's just get to this show because I mean we have so much show that it's threatening to spill out over the sides.

If you've downloaded this podcast and you notice it just bubbling over and you're getting podcasts all over the seats of your car or wherever you happen to be listening to this.

It's purely because there is so much show today that it's barely can be contained within one podcast. So let's just get to it.

This is very exciting to me because if you know me I love all the notes from do to do. Including Raimi, Fos, Sola and T in between.

And they are a singing trio and this is so exciting to have them. They're one of my favorites. Please welcome to the show the Moser Trio. Hello guys.

Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello.

Thank you Scott. Thank you Scott. Was that the three of you?

It sounded first of all now I know the typical trio entrances. Hello. Hello. Hello.

You were doing it knocked off apart but it sounds like there's only two of you. Is that right? He died. He died.

That's right Scott. The middle part of our trio has died.

The middle guy in the trio died. No. I'm of course, Chef Moser. I'm heat Moser.

Chef is that spelled like chef but just pronounced differently or is that spelled a different way? It's spelled C-H-E.

Oh you're really keeping me in suspense here. Oh A? J. J.

Okay. F-F. So like Jeff without the vowels. No. No. Well it's CHE. J. F-F. So like Jeff with the vowels but just with two transpose letters with a C-H at the top. Yes. Yes. Thank you. You got it. Okay so should Jeff but the J is silent.

No it's Chef. It's Chef but the J is silent. Yes.

Are you Swedish? No. I thought we were your favorite group.

Yeah I don't know anything about you. I love your music. I beg your pardon. You never look us up. Where the J is not silent. It's true. Your majesty that's a hard J. It truly is. And heap how is that spelled? Like a whole heap. So standard spelling on that HEAP. HEAP.

Okay. I'm sorry to laugh at you guys' names. I know you're you may be foreign. You're not Swedish. That's the only information I haven't regarding you. Where are you to eat?

This must be very difficult. Now imagine a third voice in the middle there. Yeah it must be very difficult to have the middle part. The only person not doing the melody in a trio to have passed away. What happened to what was their name? CRAND. CRAND.

Crand. Yes. C-R-A-A-A-A-A-N-D.

Where are you from? Because these are foreign-sounding names.

Did you not Google us? Did you not look us up?

We thought we were your favorite name. You love us. You love us.

I'm gonna find out some information on these guys.

I didn't love something without Googling it. Not true. That's not true.

I've never Googled her. You've never Googled your wife.

Why would I Google my wife? I have Googled you up to. I don't know who she is.

To see what she's up to. I don't think Google tracks everyone's movement.

To find her own racist tweets.

So no, I don't know where you're from. Where are you guys actually from?

We are from Jamminstown, USA. USA.

Jamminstown.

I don't exactly know where that is. Is it west of the Mississippi or is that east?

Yes.

Or is it directly on the Mississippi?

You got it.

It's west of the Mississippi and the good old US of A.

US of A.

So you then use best foods mayonnaise, not helmets?

We use both. We're one of the few cities in America that uses both helmets and best foods.

We also have a Hardys and a Carl's Jr.

Whoa.

Yes.

Incredible.

So we have a crystal and a white castle.

Wow.

We also use the metric system.

He's what?

Strange town.

We have a checkers and a rallies.

Wow. I have to visit this place.

And a McDonald's and a Burger King.

How much do you guys weigh, by the way?

We're big.

That which is fine. No need to wait, shame you.

I hear all those delicious restaurant names that make me salivate.

And I can only imagine living in a town like that.

The temptation must be overwhelming.

How many fast food restaurants do you have here in Los Angeles?

Well, we certainly don't have the Hardys nor a, I don't believe, no, I have seen a rallies actually, but maybe out there in a zooza or something like that.

And that's it, just the two?

Just the two.

But no Hardys and one rallies.

So no need to ask you how much you weigh.

Because with just the one and 0.0 restaurants in town.

I always, I have a policy on the show.

Any question that I ask is a question that I would be willing to have asked of myself.

So any question I ask you today, feel free to ask me right back.

Scott, I'm going to be, I'm going to apologize to you because I'm a little, a still little distraught over the loss.

Sorry.

How long ago did Kran pass away?

This morning.

We thought we'd come right on the show to celebrate our brother Kran.

And let me just tell you something.

Kran would always say, our brother would always say he did not like going to cities that didn't have more than no and one fast blue restaurant.

Well, I'm so sorry guys.

I'm so sorry to hear about that.

I, I, Kran, how did he pass away?

He was murdered.

Murdered, murdered by whom?

I have you caught the estate.

Not by us.

Don't even, don't even think about asking.

Why did you say, why did you say that?

We didn't do it.

I said murdered by whom.

I did.

I, I don't think that I intimate with you guys.

I would assume the fact that you're free and running around doing a podcast would mean that you, the police, you're not under suspicion.

Scott is 97 degrees outside.

It's 97 degrees outside.

Are you giving us the third degree to make it an even hundred?

Well, so you try to keep it a hundred by adding three degrees.

I, okay.

Yeah, that is one segment that I was thinking of doing on the show now.

I was keeping it a hundred by adding third degrees.

But let me, let me tell you something, Scott.

Of course, we're not suspects and why would we be?

He was our brother.

We loved him with all of our hearts.

Well, to be honest, you know, most murders are crimes of passion and, and, and performed by a person very close to the, what do you call it?

Murdery victim victim victim.

The word.

But a song called murdery.

Murdery.

I'd love to hear at least two parts of it being an octave apart.

You could perform that.

Well, let's see what we can do.

Murdery.

Murder.

Murdery.

Okay.

And that this was on an album.

You released this?

We're about to.

Oh, oh, oh.

We're about to release it.

There's a new album going duo.

Wait, so this isn't even a posthumous album for, for your brother, Krang?

What is it?

I mean, Krang.

I'm sorry.

Krang is something else, right?

Which is, which is, which is ringing a bell, which is ringing a bell for me.

But I, I don't think I want to talk about it.

No, you don't know.

You don't want to talk about cray.

I don't want to talk about cray.

But cray is something, right?

Krang is something you don't want to talk about.

I don't want to talk about cray.

That's for another show down the line.

But, uh, Kran, this is not a posthumous album featuring, sorry, Kran.

This is not a posthumous album featuring Kran's vocals.

No.

You recorded this in the time in between him dying and you being on this show?

That's why we came to, we came to Los Angeles to work at Sunset Sounds.

Our brother, Kran, died in Germastown, USA, in the, in the wee hours of this morning.

We immediately grieved, hopped on a plane.

We sat middle seat empty.

And now here we are.

Wearing your masks.

Wearing our masks.

Here's what we do, which is fun.

We wear masks of the lower half of each other's faces.

Well, I didn't want to mention, but you guys are identical twins.

So, uh, maybe, I don't know, maybe your triplets with one triplet being, are you still a triplet if one triplet is dead?

No.

You know, if your grandparents die, you're no longer a grandchild.

I guess, but I, I, I think that's a shame.

It's like being busted down when you're in the army from like, you know, general to sergeant or something like that.

Like the fact that you can be...

general to sergeant.

At that point, I would leave the army.

That's a huge, huge drop.

Okay.

So from five star to four star general, they, they, you know, a guy comes over and snatches one star off you.

But to be busted down from triplet to twin just must, uh, uh, the ultimate indignity, but were you guys triplets and now twins?

Yes.

Yeah.

Triplets and now we're twins.

We've been busted down.

We call it the bus down, Tatiana.

And we are now only twins after the bus down.

Tatiana.

Okay.

I'm so sorry guys.

Are, are, have you adjusted to being twins at this point?

Yeah.

It's pretty much.

Yeah.

It's, there's more space.

Sure.

Well, did you all live together or just more space on the earth?

Both.

I'm sorry to laugh.

It's just, I, I mean, it sounds like you guys grieved very quickly this morning.

I mean, did you achieve total DABDA this morning?

We had DABDA pretty quickly after because we had, we didn't have time to like not hit DABDA.

We had a plane to catch.

Exactly.

And right now traveling is very hard because of all the restrictions.

And we were checking in with each other.

You know, we were on one of those planes that still has the, the, uh, the in flight communication on the back of the seat in front of you.

Oh, the one where you can contact someone in another seat.

Why would you ever do that?

Yes.

So, so we wouldn't take our masks off.

We would talk to each other over the seat, uh, chat and say, uh, I'm at bargaining.

Where are you?

Oh, so you, you did it on the plane, but you, you didn't do it before the plane.

It happened on the plane.

It's not something you do.

Okay.

Yes.

It occurred.

You went through it, but it was an exa, added an accelerated pace.

No, I don't know.

I have nothing to compare it to.

Oh, you've never had a loved one pass away before now.

I have any of you.

Heep.

I have not.

There you go.

You've never, so your parents are still alive?

Yes.

They're very old.

Your grandparents, assuming you had them from when you were born are still alive.

That's right.

We are still grandchildren.

We are still proud grandchildren.

Grandchildren.

And that is the Moser Trio promise.

Is it not that you will always be grandchildren?

That's the MTP.

Well, we, when we walk out on stage, the first thing we do is greet the city we're in.

Yes.

When we walk out on stage at Live Aid, the people play.

Are they doing it again this year?

Yeah.

From what I hear Coachella was canceled, they just said, let's just do Live Aid.

Yeah.

I feel like Live Aid, they've taken a couple of years off.

Am I right?

They have taken a, yeah.

I mean, why couldn't that have been an every year thing?

I guess they felt like they fixed it, right?

I will say, since 1985, I haven't seen 100 Ethiopian.

And maybe it's because we live in a town that has a rallies and a checkers.

So many in a party.

Crystal and a white castle.

McDonald's, Anna Burger King.

There are so many choices there for any Ethiopians.

We also have a hungry, we have a hungry Jack.

We have an Australian.

I don't know how that happened.

We have an A&W and a barks.

Okay.

I knew a guy, by the way, who wins.

Seven up in a slice.

He went to Canada and went to an A&W restaurant up in Canada because he wanted to try A&W because he'd never tried it in the States.

And he saw it and he said, oh boy, I wonder what that'll be like.

And, and, Is this a direct, is that a direct quote?

I think it was.

You don't know the guy, but a fascinating individual travels all the way to Canada to try A&W.

And says, oh boy, he specifically traveled to Canada to try.

No, he was there for another purpose.

Was it Guy Fieri?

When I say a guy, yes, that's what I'm talking about.

One of the people named Guy wasn't Guy Pierce, I'll tell you that much.

So you, you achieved full DABDA, you did, what are the stages again?

You have denied.

Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait.

You got to tell us the end of his A&W story.

I think that was it.

He just, he was there for another purpose.

Saw and A&W said, boy, I really want to try that.

And he's in Canada where there are so many wonderful Canadian restaurants that one could try.

I believe it was Toronto.

Was it not?

I don't know.

It was Toronto.

Wait a minute.

How do you know?

I, I, I'm a clairvoyant.

Oh, you are?

Yes, he has the second sight.

Interesting.

How long have you had that?

Since birth, I was born with a veil over my face.

Whoa.

So you knew that your brother was going to die?

Disgusting.

I knew how it was going to happen too.

Yeah, our mother had swallowed a veil.

It was, it was her wedding night.

Sort of the woman who swallowed the fly kind of thing, but with a veil.

Yes.

I was conceived on our mother's wedding night and congratulations.

I was just so sure I have to.

Dad, dad was so deep.

He put her ass to sleep.

Okay.

But also when she woke up, she was extremely hungry and she thought her veil was a bowl of grits.

Oh, okay.

In the, in the dark, in the half light of morning, they're very easily mistaken for each other.

So, Jeff, you tried, no, you tried tonight.

Put, put a veil on a bowl and a bowl and, and then forget about it and then wake up and then you'll see what do you think is a beautiful bowl of grits?

So, Jeff, you got in under the wire there.

Sounds like he was, was conceived and then a few short minutes later, your dad tried again and, and he was able to make twins.

Well, are you forgetting that we were triplets?

Triplets, that's right.

So who, so.

Oh, Scott, have you achieved Dabda with the death of our brother, Craig?

I, I've achieved Dabda, which is forgetting is the final step.

So was it a triple process? Was your father able to come back for thirds and create a, a triplet?

It was slow, what we call slow sperm. So, all of the sperm comes out the same time.

There's, there's tons.

Yeah.

And, yeah, I mean, that's just science.

Thank you.

And, so first heaps sperm, of course, it's that egg.

Cappow! Then just hangs out for a while. And then gradually.

Makes an evening out of it.

My sperm moseied on over there.

And then I would say a half hour later is when our brother, Craig, showed up at the egg.

But we were all hanging on for dear life.

And then when we were born, we were born together, but he was born first with that veil covering his face.

The medical term for whom our father had was molasses and then asses.

I see. Which doctor prescribed that? Was that, was that Dr.

Dre? Was that Dr. Kavorkia?

Dr. Oh, wait, Dr. Kavorkia got involved.

No relation, no relation.

Oh, no relation to Dr. Dre. But it is Dr. Kavorkia.

Dr. Jack Kavorkia. Yes.

This is before his career took a, let's say, a decided turn.

Sure. Yeah.

But he used to be people don't, people don't remember the cheery Dr. Kavorkia to vol.

They used to call him Dr. Life.

Yeah.

So, Kran, you, you, you, he's dead.

How dare you?

How dare you summon our brother?

Wait, just by mentioning his name, he's not going to, he's not like Candyman, is he?

Where you say his name so many, you know, enough times he just appears, is he?

He, do you sense our brother, Kran?

Trif, I, I sense him in my bones, but I can't say, you know, I'm not allowed to say.

Why are you not allowed?

He was for good.

I would be telling everyone everything.

Well, that's why you're not clairvoyant then.

I'd be a gossip for that clairvoyance.

I'd be just spilling the tea everywhere.

Those are the rules of clairvoyancy.

Have you ever heard of the butterfly effect?

I, I mean, I've heard of, of a butterfly.

I've heard of an effect.

Listen, if I were to tell you, have you ever wrecked an effect?

I've heard of both of those.

Yes, butterfly effect and rex and effect.

Have you ever heard of Doss Effect?

I have heard of Doss Effect as well.

Yes.

I've heard of no effects.

I've heard of everything.

CNC music effect?

Claville is in coal and their music effect and factory.

But how did you learn the rules?

Did, did another clairvoyance, must have known you were being born and were able to be clairvoyance and met you right there?

You know, where the veil came out?

Yes.

Right after the doctor pulled me out, a man named Mr. Slugworth walked up to me and whispered in my ear, and I can't tell you what he said.

He was from CNC Chocolate Factory.

Right.

And I remember being a newborn baby, just like peeking out of my mother's birth canal and seeing this happen and being very curious and he wouldn't even tell me for years.

We were, or crayon, we were well into our 20s before he revealed that he was clairvoyant.

Well into your 20s, so 20...

Two.

Two years is a good enough time to be into your 20s.

I mean, you're in it.

Yeah.

Well, I mean, what an awesome responsibility that must be heap.

I mean, to know, I guess you know how your brother's gonna die.

You know how I'm gonna die.

I do, but I cannot tell you.

I have serious consequences.

Serious ramification.

What would the ramifications be if I knew how I was gonna die?

Would you...

You try to prevent it?

What would be so bad about that?

You need to die then.

You need to die.

Why?

Everyone needs to die.

We can't just have people not dying, populating the planet.

For the cosmic tapestry or something?

I don't know.

There's no room, idiot.

Sure, but I mean, if you prevented every person from dying due to an accident or some choice, then they get off.

We're not going to do that.

No, but I'm just saying it wouldn't overpopulate the world.

Why wouldn't it?

How many, I mean, how many people in a year die of...

A whopsy?

You know what I mean?

What?

You know, like, oh, I stepped off the curb at the wrong time and a bus hit me, etc.

That's what you call a whopsy.

You know, I...

Hey, do me a favor.

Don't do any eulogies, okay?

Preventable death is what I mean.

I'm not saying you're gonna be like going around the earth telling everyone, hey, you're gonna get cancer in two years, so stop smoking necessarily.

Wait, I am.

But...

That's up to heat.

Heat is just trying to tell you.

I'm sorry to tell you, brother.

But you are...

I am.

This is terrible news.

I gotta stop smoking immediately.

I almost forgot you were singers.

We did too.

But I guess what I'm trying to say is, like, you could go around the country just saying, like, hey, on this date, don't, you know, walk off a curb and everyone would be so much happier for it.

Maybe it would cause other deaths.

Do you think the issue is that people were worried that people would be too sad?

What do you...

You...

Look...

People can't go around living forever.

That includes me.

I can't wait to...

Not saying to live forever, but why can't everyone die of old age?

Because they won't.

It's a...

Kyle, I'm gonna tell you a story.

Thank you.

Go ahead.

I'm sorry.

Please.

No, he'd go right ahead.

Please tell the story, yeah, because I'm not getting it.

Scott, there was one time I told somebody not to step off a curb.

Oh, I know this story.

And the bus drove off a cliff that was at the end of that block.

No...

And you know who was on that bus?

Who?

The person who was supposed to cure cancer.

What?

Happy now.

Happy now, Scott.

So the person who was gonna...

Oh my God, where'd the cliff come from?

Well, so many questions, but that was...

The town was built on a cliff.

Oh, and so the bus driver was going to drive off the cliff?

No, he's gonna stop because he hit somebody.

Because he didn't hit that person.

But his intention before...

Because he didn't hit that person.

He didn't have time.

No, I understand.

He didn't have the free time because he got the day off from work the next day.

He would have gotten the day off from work the next day.

Gone to a doctor's appointment, found out he had cancer.

Do you see?

I see.

This is horrible.

I see.

You...

I see.

Oh, that was magical.

Wait a minute, wait a minute, wait a minute.

Do you guys think I could be one of the Mozart trio?

I mean, I'm not a triplet, nor a twin.

Hold on one second, just...

Heap.

Let's indulge this chiff for just a moment.

I know we said, we agreed we were gonna go out as a duo and we were going to carry on in our brother's name, even though we weren't gonna ever mention him and act like he never existed.

What if you were to give us the baseline?

Just give us that.

Give us the phrase ice cream.

Ice cream.

No, no.

Why would you go higher?

You're supposed to be...

No, you want me in the middle.

You want me to move in the middle?

Absolutely.

You want me to back?

We have absolutely established.

Okay.

Our two parts.

Sorry.

I...

Look, I'm nervous.

You've...

You've got to let people start over in an audition.

You can't just like say, Nope, sorry, go away.

You've got to give someone a second chance.

Give them notes.

Let them adjust.

All right.

Here's the note.

Figure it out.

All right.

Are we doing ice cream again?

Which is ice cream again?

I can be prepared.

Ice cream.

I can't say this is good.

I feel like I was in the pocket.

I think you're in the pocket of big harmony.

E harmony.

I think you're in the pocket of E harmony.

And we're not going to let you into our group to use your velvet singing voice to lure Christian white people who don't want to commit to Christian cycle.

Christian Mingle.

And use our audience some kind of recruitment tool.

Okay.

I'm sorry.

I thought I did a good job.

Gave yourself away though, Scott.

You gave yourself away.

Yeah.

In Jeremystown, we use match.com.

That's right.

Andy Harmony or just match.com?

Who's Andy Harmony?

That could be my stage name if I joined the Moser Trio.

Well, we wouldn't.

What?

So it's the Moser Trio minus crand, Moser featuring Andy Harmony.

Sure.

Why not?

There have been weirder names.

Name three.

The the Belleville singers minus.

Randy Belleville featuring.

I forgot you could make some up.

Shit.

Exactly.

Exactly, motherfucker.

Well, look, okay, that's fine.

I have a successful career here as a podcast host.

I don't need you guys quite honestly.

I think you need me more than I need you.

So you know what you played.

You played yourself.

We have a we have an album coming out today.

But you just recorded an hour ago?

Yes.

That sounds bad sounds baby.

I hear one of the songs.

Absolutely.

This is a song called On Our Own as a Duo.

Win Princees.

On our own.

Yes, a duo.

That's it.

That's all you get for free.

That's all you get for free, baby.

You can't get the milk until you buy the cow.

So what?

Okay, great.

Well, good luck with the record.

I hope that appearing on this podcast has helped you.

Thanks.

Good luck with your thing.

Well, well, each individually have good luck.

And maybe our good luck will, you know, parallel lines will never cross over.

But you do your thing until you dive lung cancer.

I'll do my thing until I dive, you know, to stickular cancer or whatever.

That's not going to be it.

That's not it.

Oh, thank God.

Oh, I'm just through it out there.

Hoping you would deny it.

I'm going to do it.

I'm going to do it out there hoping you would deny it.

It's going to hurt much more than that.

Oh, no.

You're going to wish it was that stickular cancer.

What hurts more than the balls?

Think about it.

I can't think of anything on the human body that hurts more than the balls if you think about it.

Well, I'm some options.

I'm just telling you, you're going to wish.

But you're going to pray that it was testicular cancer.

When it hits you.

It's the body, isn't it?

No.

Hey, listen, I'm not, I can't say it.

He can't say it.

Is it cancer at least spirit?

I can't tell you that either.

But you're going to wish it was.

But you're going to wish it was cancer.

So, so what, like I get a shotgun up my butt or something like that?

You hate that.

That's the way.

Hey, why are you talking about your butt so much?

Easy, bro.

Easy.

Yeah.

OK.

I'm just trying to think of a million ways to die in the West.

Sure.

West of the Mississippi, of course.

Of the Mississippi.

All right.

Well, look, we need to take a break.

Guys, can you stick around?

Uh, we have a very interesting guest here.

We have a priest coming up.

And maybe the priest could help you, you know, administer last rites to your brother or anything that, you know, at least counsel you about the regarding.

He's already been cremated.

I think it's too late for last rites.

He was cremated already?

That's how he died.

What?

You got stuck in the cremating machine?

I don't know if he got stuck, but that's what happened.

Oh, God.

All right.

Look, we need to take a break.

When we come back, we will have a priest.

We'll be joining us.

We'll be right back with more heap and chef.

Moser will be right back with more comedy bang bang after this.

Comedy bang bang.

We are back here.

We have the Moser Trio minus.

Craynd Moser not featuring Andy Harmony, which I hope you'll be billed as not featuring Andy Harmony because I just want to make it clear.

And if you don't, I'll sue you because I feel like there's some confusion in the marketplace here now that I was in your band for a second or two.

We will make it clear that you are not featured.

Thank you for that.

How will you be making that clear, sir?

It'll be in the terms of conditions.

And if anybody requests you, they will be forcibly and physically removed.

Portably and physically.

That's right.

Also, aren't the next show we do?

Masks are prohibited.

I don't know that no one will be admitted with a mask.

OK.

I don't know that anyone should be going to see your concerts.

Well, look, we have to get to our next guest.

I talked about this a little bit before.

And I guess I didn't say much.

I just said he was a priest.

But I don't know anything about him.

I don't know where his parish is or anything.

But and it's his first time on the show.

Please welcome to the show Pastor Peter Poolboy.

Hello.

Hey, thanks, Scott.

My church is right in my backyard for those that are wondering.

Your parish is right in your backyard?

Yes, it is.

My parish is my pool.

Hence, my name, Pastor Peter Poolboy.

Oh, OK.

So you hold church services in your pool?

Is that what I'm getting?

That's right.

Yeah, I love two things.

Jesus Christ and getting wet.

Hey, you know what?

Jesus, he didn't love getting wet because that's why he walked on that water.

So you're, I mean, very different than that guy.

Well, they edited a lot of parts of the Bible.

I don't know what you know about the Bible, but it ain't the whole story.

I know he walked on water and didn't get those tutsies wet.

Yeah, he was he was a couple inches above the water, but then he snapped his fingers and he got wet, baby.

What does that mean?

It means he fell into the water.

He was.

Oh, he broke the spell.

He broke the spell by snapping his fingers.

Did the bottom of his feet get wet?

Was he walking on water or above water?

Another part that was edited out of the Bible just to limit confusion and questions like this, which really just take up time.

The water was moving a little bit, so it hit his feet every once in a while, because it wasn't perfectly tranquil.

So he was he was a couple inches above it, but because of the choppy waves, it would tickle the undersides of his feet.

Yes, that's right.

They don't talk about that in the Bible.

They don't talk about Jesus's feet a lot.

He was washing other people's feet because he loves to get wet.

I think Jesus should have an entry on Wickey feet.

I think that would be something that people would really be interested in.

I think the first question I'm going to ask when I get to heaven, which I know how I will get there.

So there is a heaven.

There is a heaven.

I think the first question I'm going to ask when I get this, Jesus, what them feet do?

So you love getting wet, Pastor Peter Pooleboy.

I love getting wet.

How did you gain this love for aquatics?

Well, I was in the seminary at Loyola University in Chicago, and some of my fellow seminary students decided to haze me, and they tossed me in the lake.

And I got so wet, completely wet, head to toe, because I fell in the water.

So it was deep enough where you got the very top of your crown wet.

Yes, that's right.

I mean, I fell in so deep I went to sleep.

Oh, OK.

And your ass was wet as well?

Oh, yeah.

And it was asleep, obviously, yeah.

What about your fontanelle?

My fontanelle was wet.

My ass was down.

My fontanelle was up.

What about your athlete's foot and your tennis elbow?

Oh, my athlete's foot is nasty.

And it had spread to my elbow at that point, which was why my fellow students tossed me in the lake.

What about your cauliflower ear?

I mean, you're looking at me right now.

I'm trying to remember all the parts of Operation the Wacky Doctors came.

So it was less hazing and more like, this guy should take a bath.

Yeah, that's true.

I mean, I felt like they were looking down on me.

I was last in my class.

And you were in the seminary, so you were studying religion and philosophy and all that kind of stuff.

Did you not like to study what exactly was the issue?

I made it clear right off the bat.

I'm here to major in Jesus Christ.

And they said, there's a lot more to it than that.

And I said, not to me.

And then I didn't shower for a couple months, and they tossed me in the lake.

OK, so day one, you had this contentious conversation with I'm assuming the heads of the school.

Cut to two months later, you're tossed in a lake.

Nothing of note happened in between those two events.

I mean, I mouthed off a lot.

You know, I mean, the powers that be at the seminary did not like me.

Namely, the dean of the school, Bishop Badboy.

Bishop Badboy was in charge at the time?

Yeah, Bishop Badboy.

He was spanking me every day.

So Pastor Peter, should I call you by your full name?

Pastor Peter, pool boy or just Pastor Peter?

Pastor pool boy.

Pastor pool boys, what you prefer.

Well, that's what my congregation calls me.

That's what the flock calls me.

I see.

So you were dunked in that lake, and that was the first time that you had touched water or at least as an adult.

Yeah, completely changed my life.

Total reversal, right?

Yeah.

And something really clicked.

That's when I really started to understand scripture.

And so to me, there's been a direct correlation between my spirituality and getting wet.

OK, so you love to get wet.

I love you.

How many times a day do you get wet?

As much as I can, I got a pool out back.

Sure, but how much is that?

How much can you?

When you say as much as I can?

Well, let's just say, when I go to sleep at night, I put my head in a vice and the rest of my body's in the pool.

You keep the head in the vice so it doesn't slip down underneath the water?

Yes, that's right.

So you sleep outside?

That's right.

With just your head from the neck down, are we saying?

Your body's in the pool?

Yeah, so I removed the diving board that was on my pool.

And I installed just a vice that goes out over the water.

And then I just cranked the vice onto my head so that I'm not at risk of falling into the pool.

And that's how I sleep.

And do you lower your cell?

Or how do you get into the, do you raise your head into the vice from the pool?

Are you?

So you're in the shallow end?

Bad place from the diving board.

Bad place for the diving board.

Well, that was the first reason that I removed it.

Good call, pastor.

Are you?

So you're standing up in the shallow end and just putting your head into that vice.

But you need it there so you just don't fall asleep and tumble into the water.

That's true, yeah.

Pastor Poolboy, can I ask you, where does the vice hit you on your head?

Is it covering your ears?

Is it above your ears?

Is your head sideways in the vice?

So it's forehead to back of it?

Great question.

You could probably guess.

It covers my ears, hence the ear broccoli.

Oh, that's how you got it, not from wrestling?

I'm not a wrestler.

I'm not a big man.

No one's accusing you.

I don't know that you have to be big.

There's all sorts of weight classes in wrestling.

Oh, really?

Yeah, anyone can do it.

You know, I've been so steeped in the good book.

I haven't had any attention.

No time for it.

So you spend your nights in the water, your days?

Yeah, spend my day.

I mean, the day's the best time to be in the water.

To be honest, sleeping in there kind of sucks.

I've thought about giving that up.

What would you say is the worst part as a device?

Getting extremely cold.

I mean, almost getting hypothermia overnight every single night.

OK.

And we see installed a heater in the pool, so I'm being heated as I'm sleeping.

Like it's expensive, very expensive.

But, you know, it's a tax write off.

Yeah, at least you're not.

It's freezing to death, though.

I mean, you know, I mean, I would spend a million dollars if that was the only thing standing in between me and freezing to death.

Are you saying if I had a million dollars?

Oh, wait, are you Canadian?

The Bear Naked ladies.

Absolutely not.

I was putting them down.

But we can riff on this.

Have you ever been to an A&W root beer?

Yeah, I drive over the border whenever I get the chance.

Sure, make a run for the border.

Yeah, I do.

A&W root beer.

On Mondays, because Sundays are my Friday.

Oh, OK, got it.

What's your Wednesday?

My Wednesday, my Wednesday's hitting the books.

I pull out all my Bibles, I lay them out.

I flip through them, I stick one finger in, I say, that's my homily, and I get cracking.

Sure, but what day is that?

That's Wednesday.

OK, so what...

So your Wednesday is Wednesday?

Yeah, well, yeah.

I mean, technically, my Wednesday is my Monday.

That's what I'm getting at, OK.

There we go.

Wait, so your Wednesday is your Monday?

Yeah, that's why...

The Wednesday is Monday.

Yeah, Sunday is my Friday.

So Wednesday is my Monday.

That's why my congregation is like, pastor of poolboys always like, Wednesday's am I right?

And they don't understand.

So you're trying to do a Garfield thing?

Drag.

I think I did.

I think I successfully did a Garfield thing.

OK, I would say successfully doing a Garfield thing would be like eating lasagna while you do that and tormenting John Arbuckle, you know, during all that.

That's like the pure Garfield trifecta.

Well, you didn't let me finish.

I set all three meals on Wednesdays or lasagna.

I kicked my neighbor's dog around and I torture my least favorite parishioner, John Arbuckle.

Oh, he goes to your church?

Absolutely the piece of shit.

Oh, whoa, hey, language, pastor poolboy.

Hey, my homilies are very foul.

OK, so you...

So your services can get a little blue.

Oh, yeah.

Shit is in the Bible.

Absolutely.

I mean, that's the parts that were added out where Jesus was like, what the fuck is this shit?

You got to be fucking kidding me.

Hey, why not?

You know what I mean?

He got mad at all those money lenders.

Remember that story, pastor poolboy?

Oh, yeah, absolutely.

He flips over those tables and he's like, look how fucking strong I am.

Do you remember pastor poolboy when he cursed that fig tree because it didn't have any figs on it?

And he was like, that's a big fig tree.

You think that doesn't even have a brain?

I curse you.

What the shit is this?

I'm hungry.

Where am I fucking big?

Exactly.

The two times he got mad, the money lenders and that tree.

And then everything else was hunky-dores.

Yeah.

Yep.

They washed my feet, Mary.

Guys, crucified him.

He's like, you guys, you're fine.

Forgive them.

But that fig tree.

These guys didn't mean it.

Oh, fig tree.

I curse you forever.

He still swears when he's happy too.

You know?

Who doesn't?

Really.

So like, what are some of the happier passages in the New Testament?

Where he's also swearing?

Sure.

Punch his pilot.

You big bastard.

That was a happy time.

He's happy.

Yeah, they were friends before Panchas turned on him.

Oh, he was worse than Judas?

He's the original Judas.

Whoa.

That's why their names rhyme.

He's the weight.

Panchas and Judas were Judas for his Monday?

Yeah.

So the timeline of the Bible is not the correct timeline.

The timeline that we know of the Bible, if Panchas Pilate is the original Judas.

Well, maybe it's all out of order like Pulp Fiction was.

I think that's exactly what's going on with the Bible.

So, Pastor Pooleboy, you hold your services in the water.

Does your congregation, your flock, as you say, do they enjoy getting wet?

Or is this, I mean, I can only imagine there in Chicago during the winter months, it must be torturous.

Yeah, it's not easy for them.

But if they don't like getting wet, they can GTFO.

Mm-hmm.

Grand Theft.

What?

No.

Grand Theft fuck off.

I got a little Jesus puppet that I stick my hand in.

I'm like, you don't like getting wet?

You can Grand Theft fuck off.

And they love it.

And so do the kids.

Kids love puppets.

I was going to say holding your services in the pool was originally the thing that was most interesting about you.

But it seems like you're segueing into being a puppet priest.

Well, that came later.

My main thing was that the rush of being thrown into the water is what a woken...

My spirituality.

I'm sorry.

You said the rush of being in the water was what woken just your spirituality?

Yes.

Although you were already out of seminary.

Is that correct?

Yes, that's true.

It was five months in?

Is that what we had established?

Or a couple months?

A couple months into my first semester.

Yeah.

A couple months.

So you felt strongly enough spiritually to go to a seminary.

But it was five months later after five months of no bathing when your fellow students turned on you and tossed you in a lake.

That was when it all kicked in for you.

Yeah.

I mean, I didn't get into any colleges.

Seminary was absolutely my backup school.

So what was your first choice?

MIT.

Oh, okay.

Go Badgers.

Yeah, go Badgers.

MIT Badgers.

Womp, womp.

So you're more of like an engineering guy or a math guy?

Yeah.

I wanted to be a math guy.

And that's what's so great about Jesus Christ and Christianity is that it all makes sense.

Sure.

You do the math.

It's like Jesus plus you equals heaven.

That's beautiful.

John plus three equals 16.

Right?

That's true.

So John equals 13.

It takes two Corinthians to make a thing go right.

Sure.

Well, what an interesting is there.

I mean, look, I'm just going to throw this out there and I'm sure the answer is no because surely a guy who holds church services in his pool and who also uses puppets would not have anything else interesting about him.

But is there anything else interesting about you?

My last name is Parker.

Your last name is Parker.

Your real last name?

Yeah.

My real name is Peter Parker.

Okay.

So Pastor Peter, pool boy, the puppet.

No, sorry.

Pastor Peter Parker, the pool boy puppet priest.

Yes.

That has a certain ring to it.

I need to write that down actually.

I was going to say, Pastor Peter Parker, the pool boy puppeteer.

These guys just lost their brother.

Is there any words of comfort that you can offer to them?

I was thinking about this.

As you broke the news on the podcast, I was crushed as a big fan.

What can you say about crayon that hasn't been said already?

That hasn't been sung about?

Not too soon, still in our hearts.

Don't ask, don't tell.

That's right.

Not murdered by us.

Not murdered by his brothers.

I noticed you got the puppet out.

What does he have to say?

Oh, what does Jesus have to say?

I mean, if Jesus is in the room, to be honest, I'm going to be listening to him and not so much to you.

You know what I mean?

So, all right.

Well, Jesus, what do you have to say?

You know what I think.

Not the voice I was expecting from Jesus.

That was a surprise.

Two is better than three.

Three is a crowd.

Two is where it's at.

Thank you, Jesus.

How did you come up with that voice for Jesus that seems a little, I mean, I guess, I'm trying to think of any movie Jesus has been in.

Okay, he was in that Passion of the Christ.

He was in that Last Temptation movie, but I think didn't you have the same voice in each of those movies?

Just kind of a gentle like, hey, guys, that's what I think of when I usually hear Jesus in my head.

Yeah, well, that's a common misconception about Jesus.

See, we tend to give him what we think is a neutral sounding voice.

Sure.

Jesus was full of idiosyncrasies and eccentricities.

Sure.

And a lot of people don't know Jesus, you know, probably was a person of color.

He had dark skin, at least olive skin.

They're like, feet like bronze.

Santa Claus.

He was white.

I said that.

But Jesus was definitely a POC.

Well, I want to pump the brakes a little bit there because I'm not trying to appropriate Jesus and impersonate a POC when I stick my hands.

That's what it sounded like.

I'm pretty sure I was.

That actually sounded POC.

Yeah, it sounded like you think you were.

You were pretty sure I was doing Bruce.

The latch sound like Steve Harvey.

This is the Harvey.

Put a giant blazer on that puppet and that is Steve Harvey.

I'll see you've been the puppets been silently mugging for about 20 minutes.

I thought that was Bruce for lunch too.

All right, look, we need to take a break.

We'll be right back with more comedy, bang, bang after this.

Comedy, bang, bang.

We're back here.

We have, of course, the Moser Trio minus.

Crand, not featuring Andy Harmony.

Andy Harmony, thank you.

I take footnotes with this show.

We also have Pastor Peter Bullboy, the puppeteer formerly known as Parker.

I meant to ask you, did you say that was interesting about you because of the superhero Spider-Man and his alias Peter Parker?

Yes, absolutely.

I've been bitten by a radio active spider as many times.

Wait, wait, wait, wait.

Spider-Man is Peter Parker?

I look, just don't tell Jay Jonah Jameson, okay?

Because he's added out for that web slayer.

It's such a scoop.

He's the guy who takes the pictures of Spider-Man.

What?

Yes, the automatic camera.

I've had so much sense now.

Yeah, he has access.

It's access journalism at its worst.

No wonder he gets those perfectly framed action photos of Spider-Man.

Yeah, he just webs it up.

And no one on the side of a building.

And no one else is allowed to take pictures of Spider-Man.

But wait, you've, Pastor Peter Parker, pool boy, the puppeteer, you've been bitten by radio active spiders?

Yeah, a ton of times.

I live right by this nuclear waste facility.

And spiders are just infesting my house all the time.

And I always call the Orkin Man and exterminators.

And they want nothing to do with it because these spiders are radioactive.

So they bite me, I get the powers.

Another one bites me, I lose the powers.

It just goes back and forth.

Oh.

And you're one for them situation.

And that's why I started sleeping in the pool.

Oh, because you have the powers and you want to retain them or you don't have them anymore and you don't want them anymore.

No, because the house is infested.

Oh, okay.

So do you have the powers or not is where I'm getting it?

No, the last time they bit me, they took away the powers.

Away the powers, okay.

So you were bitten an even number of times.

Yes.

One's bitten twice shy?

Mm-hmm.

My, my, my.

Why, why do you live next door to a nuclear waste?

Do they make nuclear waste or it's like a dumping facility?

Yeah, it's like a boutique place that makes nuclear waste.

It's just a mom and pop store.

Not a big chain.

Just, just a mom and pop store that has a little bit of your radium.

So Pastor Peter, pool boy, the non-superheroic priest.

So I don't know why you brought that up as if it was interesting.

It would be a little more interesting if you had superpowers, but.

That was pretty interesting.

We riffed on it for a while.

Yeah, no, it gave us a good five minutes worth of stuff to talk about.

What is Sunday's?

I mean, look, today is your, today's your weekend.

Yeah.

Okay.

Today's Monday.

Which is your Friday.

Yeah.

This is your Saturday.

This is my Saturday.

So this is your Saturday.

What, what is this Sunday, which would be, I guess, your what?

Your Monday?

What is Sunday to you?

Sunday is my Friday.

Sunday's your Friday.

That was the very first thing you established.

Okay.

So Sunday, so what is this Friday, AKA Sunday's sermon going to be about?

Well, let's pick up a Bible and find out.

Is that all you do?

Is it like an improv show where you get a suggestion from the Bible?

Absolutely.

I'll be taking a suggestion from Jesus Christ today.

Well, okay.

Go ahead and open up a Bible and just, you know, I guess run to a page and we'll see, you know, find a verse and we'll see what, how good you are at extemporaneous sermons.

Well, usually I do this on Wednesdays, which are my Mondays, but I'll make an exception.

I'll do it on Monday, which is my Saturday.

Okay.

Technically, I don't work on the weekend.

Everybody's working for the weekend, am I right?

Sure.

But you're working for, yeah.

Got it.

Most Saturdays you can find me driving past the border and getting loaded up on A&W.

Saturdays you can?

Meaning your Saturday.

My Saturday, which is Monday.

Yeah.

I feel like we need to nail this down.

Sunday is your Friday.

Monday would be your Saturday.

Tuesday would be your Sunday.

Yes.

Do you worship on Tuesday?

I mean, that was my question too.

If that is your Sunday.

Yeah, that's what I worship.

I worship my hobbies on my Sunday, which is Tuesday.

Which is what's your hobby?

Basketball cards.

Like trading cards?

Yep, trading cards.

So Pastor Peter, on Monday, you relax.

On Tuesday, you fiddle around with your basketball trading cards.

I guess acquiring more or shuffling around the order of the ones you do have.

I don't know exactly what one does.

Yeah, they're like playing cards.

I just shuffle them and then I see what order they're in.

I don't know.

Or look at them and go, these are cool.

I don't know what you do.

No, I shuffle them up and then I play solitaire with them.

What beats what?

Well, I mean, the ace is Michael Jordan.

OK, obviously.

Are there four of him?

There are four of him.

The king is, well, LeBron James, obviously.

OK.

The queen are two Shaquille O'Neal's, two Alan Iverson's.

The Jack is two Oscar Robertsons, two Kareem Abdul-Jibars.

The tens, which are perfect, are all Kobe Bryant.

The nines are all underrated.

The nines are Nate Thurmond, Bobby Dandridge, Scotty Pippen.

And is Scotty Pippen underrated?

I feel like still.

Yes.

People would think he was overrated in a way because he has so many championships and people go, yeah.

But without Jordan, do you really win any of those?

What are you?

A member of the 1980s Detroit Pistons?

No, he's still a little bit like B.

I might be.

I don't know what I am.

But are any of the numbers, do they correspond with the basketball players' number on their jerseys?

Nope.

OK, good to know.

Is it sacrilegious to use baseball cards as a tarot deck?

Ooh.

Is that concert witchcraft?

I suppose it depends on your spiritual beliefs.

For me, it's not sacrilegious.

For me, it's fun.

It's flirty.

It's innocent.

Flirty.

So you do you have a partner?

Are you dating?

Are you allowed to do that?

I'm pan.

You're pan.

Oh, OK.

Cool.

That's not what I asked you, but are you dating?

Yeah, I'm Polly Pan.

Oh, OK.

Your pastor Peter Parker, the pool boy, puppeteer, who's Polly Pan?

Yes.

I mean, I have a pool.

Obviously, I'm dating a lot.

People want to come over all the time, not just on Sundays.

You ever feel like they're using you, which, by the way, Sundays are your Fridays?

Fridays, that's right.

You ever feel like they're using you for your pool?

The secret fear of every pool owner.

But I don't mind.

I tell my brother they can use me.

You have a brother?

Yes, I have a brother.

Oh, OK.

Congratulations.

Are you a twin or an ex-triplet?

Yeah, ex-triplet as well.

Really?

Interesting.

What happened to your triplet?

He died in a fire.

Oh, no.

Same as ours.

The same way.

Also cremated, yes.

Oh, it's a sad.

Died in a cremation accident?

No, he walked right into a functioning crematorium.

He died in a cremation on purpose.

I don't know.

If he had written a suicide note, he had it on his person at the time.

Oh, the classic mistake.

Fatal Fah with burning yourself alive.

You know what?

I think I was there that day.

And I told him not to do it.

But I couldn't tell him why not.

You actually tried to intervene.

I tried to intervene.

To tell him not to do what he wanted to do, which was to walk into a burning building.

I told him, like, just so you know, I'm a clairvoyant.

And I told him not to.

And he's like, why not?

Give me one reason why not.

Am I going to die?

And I was like, I can't tell you.

So he didn't think he was going to die from this?

Well, he didn't know for sure, because he wouldn't tell him.

This sounds true.

So he probably said, give me one reason to stay here.

And I'll turn right back around.

And that stumped you.

And then he...

What was his name?

Pastor Peter Parker, pool boy, the Pan-Polly puppeteer?

His name was Paul.

Paul Parker.

Did he have any interesting hobbies?

Yeah, he did.

He absolutely did.

He collected all of his fingernails throughout the course of his life.

Oh.

OK.

How would he contain them or store them?

Little like Ziploc baggies.

Little bags?

Little Ziploc baggies.

Little black ones?

Why black?

If you're going to collect all those, big and clear, baby.

Well, I just wanted to see that.

You know what I mean?

That sounds very courteous.

I said little...

What do you do?

You'd open them up and just gaze at them.

Like, if you're collecting all this, you want...

You want a transparency.

Look, I don't kick the door into your home down and point at your hobbies and call them weird.

Oh, yeah.

Well, I wish you would.

You know, I mean, if you're going to be collect...

And how many...

First of all, collect them in giant, clear plastic garbage bags.

You know what I mean?

Instead of little, tiny, black plastic bags, how tiny are these bags?

Well, it's like half a sandwich baggie.

So half a sandwich baggie.

Why not graduate to full- A snack bag?

Was it a snack bag?

It was a snack bag.

A snack bag.

Yeah.

Graduate to full sandwich baggies, then keep getting bigger and bigger.

I mean, the amount of bags that he had, the single-use plastics he had that burned through.

Hey, I don't deny he was a wasteful guy.

He left it pretty big garbage.

You're not like Peter with our Lord.

No, no.

I'm very eco-conscious.

My church is green.

Yeah, I mean, he was a wasteful guy, but he's dead now, so...

You know.

Pastor Peter, do you say he collected them over the course of his entire life?

Yeah, so anytime he would clip them, he would put them into these little baggies.

So it's a lot of fingernails.

Yeah, probably.

That's what I'm saying.

Why the little baggies?

Why doesn't the big toe have a special name like the thumb does?

That's a good...

I mean, technically it has the big toe.

But that's so childish.

It's like Jaws being the big one, you know?

Yeah, it's like Jaws being the big one.

Yeah, when we screen Jaws at church, you scream at a church.

Now we scream...

Jaws!

Why are you screaming Jaws?

Let the church say Jaws.

Jaws!

It's a call in response.

I say Jaws!

They say the big one.

You're services.

We never figured out what Sunday's service is, by the way.

That's like saying Jaws!

Rasta far right.

Jaws!

That big one.

Give me no.

I'm not going to be saying that.

My Jesus pump it might not me.

Well guys, we're running out of time here.

We only have time for one final feature on the show.

And that is a little something called Plugg.

♪ Why you've got to fuck me ♪ ♪ Why you've got to fuck me ♪ ♪ I'm just trying to fuck my shit ♪ ♪ So what I'm just trying to fuck me ♪ ♪ Why you've got to make it ugly ♪ ♪ Why you've got to make it ugly ♪ ♪ I thought I'd be just too bad ♪ ♪ Guess now ♪ Oh, nice and short and sweet.

That was Plugg's theme.

No, I'm sorry it wasn't Plugg's theme.

That was someone telling me the Plugg's theme is called Trust by Ben Centra.

Trust.

What an interesting title for a Plugg's theme.

And by the way, we're not getting a lot of Plugg's themes that are not about the subject of Plugg's.

I've noticed that over the past 10 years or however long we've been doing Plugg's themes.

They're usually about the topic of Plugg's, but no one has ever really made any Plugg's themes that are about any other topics.

So maybe this is the first one, Trust by Ben Centra, although he did mention Plugg's a lot.

Well, guys, what are we plugging?

Obviously the Mozart Trio, you have your album out.

Well, yes, it's out today.

Is it out today?

Out today, just recorded today, fresh out the oven.

That's right, please don't mention ovens.

It's very, that's very sad.

Or our Kelly.

No, that's hot and fresh out the kitchen.

Out the kitchen, but that's where the oven is kept.

Is it not?

Sometimes. Yes it is.

Now you're mentioning our Kelly a lot.

Matter of the cremation station.

Look, when it comes to music, for me, it's the Mozart Trio and our Kelly.

Those are the two best.

Oh, so you don't Google him either?

No.

Did Plugg know it's lyric?

I don't know anything about his personal life.

Check out his IMDB, if you get a chance.

Somebody might be some...

An interesting bit of tape.

My point to some interesting projects has been a part of recently.

Okay, we'll do.

Thank you Scott.

I'd like to plug a podcast, if I may, that I have nothing to do with.

I'm just a guy who enjoys this thing.

It's called the neighborhood listen.

And...

Oh, that's always a good time to listen to.

It's always a good time to listen to.

And it's coming out for free starting tomorrow.

It's coming out from behind the payroll.

And it's going to be free starting tomorrow.

Ah!

What? That part's not scary.

Oh, sorry, sorry, sorry.

But you can get it wherever you get to your podcasts.

It's a very funny, Paul F. Townkins and Nicole Parker.

They take posts from next door and places like that.

And they use them as...

The...

That's fine.

Coming up, Point for improv.

They have great guests like Nicole Byer, Lauren Lapkus, Carl Tarte.

Mm.

Huh?

Oh, and Scoob is coming to HBO Max.

That's right.

Be sure to check out Scoob.

Did you wish that Scooby-Doo was not just crappy, but also unsettling to look at?

Check out Scoob.

I wish that Scooby-Doo was not just scrappy.

Right.

That was a sidekick, scrappy do.

It was a sniffy, I believe, wasn't it?

Well, I mean, one could be a nephew and a sidekick.

And unless your uncle dies.

Very true.

And you're no longer a nephew.

You still could be a sidekick though.

When all your uncles are dead, you are no longer a nephew.

Haha.

How about you, Heep?

Do you have something to plug?

Yes, I'd like to plug the A&W restaurant on John Street in Toronto, Ontario, Canada, John and Mercer.

Have you ever been there?

I have not, but I plan on going very soon.

Yeah, yeah.

I hear it was just okay for my friend.

Yeah, it was just...

If I had to...

My clarin' boy and see is correct.

It was just fine.

I would really enjoy the very frosty A&W root beer they give you in a mug, but the chicken sandwich lackluster.

They just give you the root beer.

Like chips at a Mexican restaurant?

Yeah.

They give you root beer and a spoon to eat it with, to drink it with.

Haha.

So they don't do straws, they do spoons now.

I always wondered, like, they invented glasses so that we wouldn't have to scoop water and liquids out with our hand to drink them.

But then we were like too lazy for that, so we're like, put a different thing in there to get it up to my mouth from the glass itself.

Like, how lazy can we get?

But now spoons is what A&W root beer uses.

Because it's so frosty, you gotta get some of that ice out of there.

All right, well, Pastor Peter, pool boy, nay, Parker, oh, like Nicole Parker, actually.

The pool boy puppeteer and...

Tim Balz was also a guest of the playlist.

Oh, okay.

Oh, what do you have to plug?

Well, I guess I'll plug my own album, which recently came out.

You have an album too, wow.

We didn't even talk about that.

Yeah.

Wait, we didn't talk about that, or these guys murdering their brother.

We did that, hold on a second.

Easy now, Scott.

Take it easy, I know how you die.

You know how, just give me a hint.

Me.

Oh, no.

Something with my ass at you.

You're gonna...

What?

Haha.

So deep, but that has to sleep.

Okay, all right.

All right, Pastor Peter, what are you plugging?

In the pets.

A plus for Pastor Peter Parker, nay, pool boy.

The pan-poly.

I'll put you.

Yeah, I'll plug my own album, which recently came out.

Pastor Peter, pool boy and Jesus.

Is that your hand up my ass, or are we praying?

Haha.

And this is like Christian comedy that you put together?

Yeah, Christian comedy.

Because I love the Bible, but I gotta get my laughs.

Sure, of course.

If I know two things about you, you love getting wet, although not so much anymore.

It's only mainly out of necessity because your house is invested and you gotta get your laughs.

I gotta get my chuckles.

Yeah.

I wanna plug, you know, the Between Two Ferns movie is on Netflix.

Some great people are in that.

And the Comedy Bang Bang TV show, I mean, there's even more great people are in that.

And for some reason, all of the episodes inexplicably got put up on Netflix again after one day off.

And it seems to be some sort of contract dispute or something, but hey, I'll take it.

So thanks for watching them all while, when everyone thought they were going off.

And they did go off, but they were just put back up immediately.

All right, let's close up the old plug bag.

You start with a C when you wanna close it up.

You lead with an L and then you hold.

Free enough to plug bag.

Hold me up, plug bag.

Take your hand and open it up.

Then he'll raise your car and then he just says, I'll take your hand and open it up.

Hold me up, plug bag.

Everybody wants to open up the plug bag.

Keep it fucking open up the plug bag.

Hold me up, plug bag.

Hold me up.

All right, guys, I want to thank you so much for being here.

Heap and Chef, so sorry.

It sounds like you don't need my consoling though because you're already over it.

You're all the way up to the A acceptance and almost to the F for getting.

But my consolation to you and good luck on our parallel tracks with our careers.

Thank you Scott.

Yeah, and Pastor Peter Parker, the pool boy, hand poly puppeteer who likes baseball cards.

That's not a literal basketball.

Oh, yes, basketball, sorry.

Do you like baseball cards though?

I mean, maybe I just threw it out there and maybe I'm clairvoyant.

Sure, yeah, I'll collect that too.

I mean, whatever it takes to unwind on a Tuesday, am I right?

So if basketball cards are not getting it done, you'll make an extra trip to the store for a baseball card.

I mean, any excuse to go to the store these days, am I right?

Gotta get to that store.

I mean, it's quarantined, right?

I gotta get out.

Gotta get your, look, if I know three things about you, you'll love to get wet, although not so much anymore because of the infestation of your house is mainly why you're getting wet.

You gotta get those laughs and you gotta get to the store.

Scat that's absolutely rims.

Oh, Steve's back.

No, it's what's number one on the board.

Bruce Valanche, Jesus, not Steve.

Number one, Bruce Valanche, Jesus.

Ding.

You also might mean Harvey Fierstein.

Alright, we'll see you next time.

Thanks.

Bye.

♪♪ .
