♪♪♪ Grandpa died doing what he loved, getting hit by cars.

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

Thank you to Mark Dowling for that. Oh, I wonder if that's Father Dowling of the Father Dowling Mysteries. Boy, that would be exciting. If suddenly he was investigating a murder that happened on this show, I hope it's not me.

Although on last week's show, I did find out I was going to die horribly. Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang for another week. Scott Augerman here, we have a very exciting show. Coming up a little later, we have a government worker. Oh, that's wonderful. I mean, we're all fascinated with what people are doing in the government these days.

We also have an activist and a community organizer. This is a very packed show. But before we turn to, I guess, the world around us, let me turn to the world within the business of show, which is where our first three guests hail from. They have probably a lot of things in common, but I can only think of one. Well, they are human beings. Okay, so that's two.

They're human beings. They live on Earth. Okay, that's three. Other than that, I don't know of anything that they have in common aside from the fact that they all star in a new show, which was made for Comedy Central and can be found on the Comedy Central app, the Comedy Central website and YouTube. The show is called Robbie, and I have three of the stars of this show, including one of the stars who is the titular Robbie himself and probably created the show, even though I didn't look at the credits. We'll find that out. That probably will be my first question. Please welcome to the show Rory Scoville, Sashir Zimeda and Mary Holland. Hello, guys. Hello. Welcome to the show. Do you now can't, I know I said my first question was going to be about whether you created the show, but I decided that's boring. Agreed. Agreed. So let's leave that to be a mystery. Maybe Father Dowling can investigate that. What else do you have in common? Do you think? Can we find anything else that you guys have in common? Hmm. Hmm. You have hair. You have hair?

Okay. I guess, I guess that comes hand in hand with being human beings. So maybe it's a subset of no, there are definitely some humans who do not have hair. That is the truth. Yep. People with Alopecia. You're correct. Yes.

We're all wearing clothes right now. Hey, all right. I'll take it. I'm always wearing clothes.

Really? So you take them off? Oh, you never take those off or you never take general A. I'm like a cartoon character is like my outfit. I mean, one outfit. I never take it off.

I was speaking to my, I was speaking to my father yesterday and he was telling me that his grandmother growing up in South Carolina, they used to sew their long underwear onto their bodies, not sewing literally onto their bodies, but they used to like sew themselves into their long underwear come October or November and then take them off in like April and you had to stay in your long underwear. Imagine that smell. Yeah. I said, well, I hope they, I hope they remember to put like a flap in the back. Nope. Just poop poop poop right into the pants. Yeah, poopy pain. That's where poopy pants comes from. But I think that's when you see old westerns and you see like people taking baths in their long underwear. I believe that's that's the case. They didn't have buttons. They didn't have zippers. And that's why they walk that way. Yes. Their their legs all spread out. It's because they're itchy and there's a lot of poop in there. There's a lot of poop there. Poopy pants are filled up. It's the footy because they got footies at the bottom. Their little footy holds walking around in their own poop all the time. So do we think that's the extent of what you have in common? I mean, are wait a minute, are you all in the same decade of age? Yes. Or is it not is it not good to talk about that? Are you all in your 80s?

You're all in your 30s. The 80s growing up in the 80s.

Growing up in the 80s. I'm almost 40. Really? Wait, when do you turn 40? My good.

August early August early in the year to do it. You know what I mean? Yeah, this when I can really throw that, you know, you always picture what will it be like when I cross the halfway point of my existence. Now, Rory, do you truly feel you're going to die at 80 years old? Or do you just think that's, you know, normally a 40 40 year old is over considered over the hill because the life expectancy is about 40. I don't want to last till 80. I do not want to be around. I think so. I think at some point you just got to get out of the way and make room. Really? I just want to get out. I just would rather just get out of the way. Just be like, you know, I had fun. When someone else breathes this air. Well, but I feel like that there are some 80 year olds who you would you would be shocked to know that they're 80. They're very, very, the people, actually people. I would say based on how I feel physically now, I don't I don't know that I'll fall into that category later. You may not want to turn 41 with the way you feel now. Rory, let's let's talk about the show and I want to I want to ask you about this. You are, of course, the titular Robbie and Robbie is the tale of a young 39 year old about to turn 40 in August.

Yeah. We were so we just wanted to mirror my who I was. Right. I'm not a good actor. So I was like, guys, I have to play Rory in this. I cannot. I have to constantly drop references to being 39 or else I have no grounding in reality.

But I watched a couple episodes last night. You are a gentleman, a true gentleman in this show, if I may say so, who is a basketball coach who then well, why don't you describe it because you lived through it, Scott. That's what people say when they lie about watching a couple episodes last night.

Test me. Come on. Test me on anything.

Anything about who plays Robbie. Yeah, he's a bit of a moron who gets through. We we want to tell the story of or kind of start with the story of this guy who finds out that he is a parent at a point in his life when he hasn't done any. He's done little to no work on growing up and really becoming an adult in this world. And then he's sort of forced to when an old flame comes back into his life, Eva, and she reveals to him they have a 10 year old kid. And his dream was to coach the high school basketball team. And he has to find out the day that he's going to go to this interview is when he's told that he has this kid. So she or you play the non titular Eva.

Yes. Did you ever think like, what if this show was called Eva? And you just like stole it out from underneath Rory? That would be cool. I kept trying to suggest it, but no one would listen.

They're like, we already planned this. We printed the chairs like the like, who cares with the chairs? I'll just sew Eva across the name. But the chairs is the only reason we didn't change it. Yeah, they're like, we can edit the title card. If she would have said something before we printed the chairs, we would have changed it. How did you get involved? This year, are you, you play the mother of the titular Robbie's child Caleb?

Yeah. How did you get involved?

Did you know Rory beforehand? Have you worked together?

Yeah, we know each other through standup and I auditioned and we improvise in the room and it just felt very natural and and what did you do for the audition? Did you do like 16 bars of a song or?

Yeah, I had to do a dance.

Shakespearean monologue. Yes.

A song. I had to like build something with Legos and I maybe I was like a psychological test or something. I'm not really sure. But yeah, they put me through the ringer. They really wanted to have somebody who knew her stuff. Yeah, I would like it noted we didn't time anyone on the lego build. We gave everyone just they had the chance to make whatever they wanted. Anything you want.

Show us who you are. Show us what's inside that head. And so here was the only one smart enough to take a full two weeks to build something good. Everyone else just gave up after an hour.

And I made them stay there. Yeah. She was the last person on a digital. We had no choice.

Everyone else left. Everyone else left.

So here was it was it a challenge playing a devious duplicitous woman who hides the fact that a father has a son for 10 full years, a full decade? I would imagine it's hard to get inside the mind of a craven character like that. Well, I don't know if she was craven, but what would I like about this show? And I feel that my favorite shows are ones that have characters that aren't perfect. And I feel like most of these characters have some sort of shittiness to them. And like, that's a shitty thing to do to somebody. You know, I, I like that I like playing characters like that. I like seeing someone who has the ability to be not that great.

Wonderful. And Mary speaking of not that great. Oh, not your talent. Not your talent. Let me finish.

Let me finish, Mary. Speaking of not that great. You're the character. The character is. Oh, okay. Okay. I wasn't sure where that was going, but you said that. Pulled it out at the last second.

No, the character. You're sweating a lot.

Yeah. I've, I'm just soaked through. Mary, the character that you play is insane. I can't remember your name. Do you remember the name of your character? I do. Her name is Janie.

Oh, Janie. Janie. And you play the titular Robbie's girlfriend. Yeah. In a sense, which seems like a title forcibly thrust upon Robbie in a way. He sort of sheepishly admits that you are his girlfriend, although he doesn't seem to want to have that much to do with you. No. But can you blame him?

Was it a challenge playing someone completely off their rocker? Um, unfortunately, no, it really came very easily. And in fact, I felt so at home in Janie's brain that it worried me a little bit at certain points. Mary, you're also from the South. As I recall, you're from is it South Carolina?

You're from? Where did I get the newspaper from? You got the newspaper from Virginia. Virginia.

Oh, okay. Okay. Now I was in North Florida. North Carolina.

The border. Okay. I was in North Carolina once for a friend's bachelor party. And we took a trip up to Virginia. Was it where the Andy Griffith town is? Is that where the where Mayberry was was based? I don't think it's called Mayberry. I can know it's probably, um, Malnary or New York. Okay.

Somewhere around there. And then I saw a local paper and a and who's faced it? I see right there on it, but Mary Holland's face. Can you believe it?

And can you believe it? And I said, I got to save this for her. Now I kept it in my house for over a calendar year saying, I got to give this to Mary at a certain point. And then at a certain point, I think I moved and I alerted and I found it. I was I alerted you to it. I said, Hey, Mary, I've been saving this newspaper. Unbeknownst to you, by the way, I've been saving this newspaper for you so you can have a copy of it for over a year. And you said, I already have that. Yeah, I was like, fuck you. You were so mad. So it was just junk in my house for that. I was just keeping my, yeah. I was pissed. Um, yes, that's right. I so appreciate you hanging on to that. It was, uh, very, but that's just a glimpse inside my pathology.

Why was I like hoarding this new paper article about you? It's very, it's very like grandfatherly of you. It really was. Yeah, I've got something of my granddaughter and I'm going to show her. So guys, how can one partake of this show, first of all, how many episodes? How can one see it? I saw it personally, if you want to hear my hero's journey, yes, I, uh, looked it up on my Apple TV. I said, find Robbie. And it immediately came up on the Comedy Central app and I'll be darned if I didn't just watch two episodes there last night and I'm not lying about that fact. But how can anyone actually watch this show? I get, I think probably my guess is the most convenient way to watch it is probably on Comedy Central's YouTube page. Um, but it is on demand. The most, the most convenient way would be if you came over to people's houses and just acted out. Exactly.

The three of you, a merry band of travelers. Hi, we're the Robby's. Oh, we're all named Robbie.

We're all Robbie. Yeah. Sorry guys. Much like the Ramones, you got to change your last name to Robbie's. The Robby's. Um, our, I should note that our, uh, DP for this show was so incredible. Carl Hurst did such an amazing job. And if that is he part of the Hurst family, the Patty Hurst and the Randolph first? No, no, no, he's not bad. No, he's not. He's not too bad.

Um, and so, that's too bad. You could have, uh, he might have invited you to go swim in that Hurst Castle. Too bad because he could live in a castle, literally. Um, he, uh, he made this show look so beautiful. And I think the only way to truly get to see it in the way in which he shot it in all its glory, I think is on demand. Uh, I think if you watch it through YouTube, there's something with like maybe the pixelation or something, at least what I've noticed when I've looked at it. Um, boy, we're really getting deep into the pixelation. Okay. It's still great, but there, this was a comedy on Comedy Central that meant a lot to us to shoot, to look very good, to make it look like it was a, uh, a movie, because I don't think comedies need to sort of take like a backseat to drama in terms of it actually looking good. I think comedy is supposed to also exist in sort of the same reality. So you think drama should not be in the front seat with comedy in the backseat. Should they share the seeds? So like one, they could both sit in the middle way too close to the driver in an unsafe way.

Remember when we could do that? Remember when we used to be able to do that? Remember when you used to be able to ride around in the back of a pickup truck as a kid and no one else ever said drive on the freeway like that. I can't believe I can't all the times that I did that. Oh my gosh. I rode on the top of a car. I rode on the roof.

Really? In like a reclining chair strapped to the top of the car like just on her way to school.

On her way to school. There was no room in the van and so they threw me up top and told me to just like like Aunt Ella and the grapes of wrath or yes. Yes. Exactly. That's exactly what it was. Did any bugs fly right into your face? Yes. Or were they considerate flying around your face.

They were nice. They well they saw me up. I mean like bugs.

We all think that they're dumb.

Sure. No, but bugs. They're just like bugs are just dumb.

They go to the grocery store.

They take their kids to the bar. The grocery store might be human beings blood. Sure. Sure.

No, it wasn't night. It was I was car surfing with some friends. It was very dangerous. But but that's one time I did ride outside of a car. Teen Wolf.

You're doing Teen Wolf. That's cool.

Yeah. I would love to see a Teen Wolf reboot with the Robby's.

Yeah. Who would play Michael J.

Fox? Who wants it? First one to call it gets it as far as I'm concerned. I'd like to be styles.

Okay. Michael J. Fox is still available. I'll take it. So here you got it. Now, of course, that's going to come with you know about five hours in makeup most days on set.

Is that all right? I don't think so. I think I mean I can naturally grow hair very quickly.

Oh, you can't. Oh, let me see. Yeah.

Oh, my God. I can't see it right now because it all grew on my butt. But like it's like it takes me an hour. Sound. Okay. It sounds like it literally popped out of your butt.

Yeah. It hurts every time too. Times have changed and so on this show. I'm not going to ask to see your butt. That's a that's a 20 20 20 20 question. It's covered in hair. Yeah. You couldn't. You couldn't. If you wanted to see it, but yeah, you couldn't. Didn't see it.

Even if you wanted to, you couldn't say it's so hairy. You're so well, dude. You're so well. It's got so much hair. It's so much hair. You're so well. Well, the show is Robby.

And how many episodes is it? I'll take first answer. Anyone to answer this eight episodes, eight episodes. And there approximately, I would say 22 minutes apiece. So you're probably investing about two hours and 45 minutes of your life into this. Although I watched it on the Comedy Central app, which had commercials. So I would take that over three. But who does not have three hours to kill? Who doesn't? Who doesn't? But here's the thing. If you watch it, you've got to tell a hundred thousand people because we, we, and they say that because we put a lot of time and effort and energy into trying, make some kind of comedy entertainment that people could enjoy and maybe relate to. And it now has no advertising money. So it really is 100 based in word of mouth, sort of a grassroots campaign. Do people want to get out there? W O M B.

Wom, we're a long show. We're in a mouth. Are we just spelling words? What's going to happen?

Dude, we're warm right now. We're a warm show. It's a total womb show. It's yeah.

From womb to two. To two. Yeah. So you got to tell a hundred thousand people. Whoever watches it, tell a hundred thousand. How many people do you know? I know approximately a hundred and seventy six thousand. So I'm probably going to tell them, but that would be great. Thanks, Scott. Yeah, I don't, I don't really know. I, I maybe talk to 10 people.

So you're a 10. Okay. So hopefully we'll average out everyone with a hundred thousand a piece.

Robbie is out there right now. You can see it on the Comedy Central website, Comedy Central app YouTube. Apparently the pixelization is not as good on YouTube. I don't know. I was, I quite frankly, I zoned out during all that. But we need to take a break if that's okay. When we come back, this is exciting. We're going to have a government worker. We're going to have an activist.

We're going to have a community organizer. Wow. This is a packed show. I hope you are ready for this. Strap yourselves in. This is going to be a Batman the ride type of the show. We will be right back with more comedy bang bang after this. Comedy bang bang bang. We are back and well, one of the stars of Robbie had to go. She had to dip. She had 86 herself. Mary Holland is no longer with us. We have to get to our next guest. And now this is interesting. Rory and Sashir, are you interested in the government, the structure of people that rule over us, that make laws, that tell us what we have to do? I think we have to be, don't we? Yeah, very much so.

Yeah. I think very much so. Okay. Well, we have so many works for the government who actually receives a paycheck for her work. Please welcome to the show, Francis Stork. Hey, how's it going?

Doing doing great. How you doing? Thanks for having me. Oh, well, what do you do? What do you do for the government? Well, I'm a Navy SEAL. I've been a Navy SEAL for 15 years and 15 years. So, this is 2004. So did you did you get that Osama bin Laden job? Oh, yeah, I was there. You were there.

I was there. Were you working or were you just, were you a spectator? I was there. My buddies were doing it. So I was there. So you were just hanging out.

I was hanging out. Yeah, they're like, can't have, yeah, too many people going in. So I was like, oh, hang outside. And so I was just hanging out. Oh, were you originally supposed to be on the job or? Yeah, we were supposed to go in.

Oh my God. To be given the choice. That's such a late moment in the game. Yeah, I know. It was wild. They, you know, they they they had like picked people to go and I and I'm I wasn't really cagey on this point. Were you hired? Were you part of SEAL Team Six? Yes.

SEAL Team Six is me. I'm I'm SEAL Team Six. Yes. I was on.

I was on. Well, I worked with I was you were adjacent to SEAL Team Six? I am a Navy SEAL.

I SEAL Team Six. There's also SEAL Team Seven. There's SEAL Team. Sure. Which one? Which one were you in? I'm SEAL Team 25. Oh, I was there.

Like we all have the same house. Is like the real world?

Yeah. He has like the real world Seattle where you lived over here. Yeah. And things start getting real. Did he get Lyme disease like Irene?

Oh, yeah. Oh, wait, you were watching them? Oh, yeah, yeah, we have a TV. And also I'm CIA spy.

Also, I'm CIA spy. So oh, okay. So you're Navy SEAL? Can you tell us that? Oh, I can I can because I can like it's not true that all spies have to be secret.

Some spies can be going to be like, I'm a spy and it doesn't keep them from spying that they're just saying I'm a spy. And that's okay. So what what type of things do you spy on that your identity as a spy would would can be revealed? I mean, everything you forget it like you like what are you spying on now?

Forget it. Forget it. All of it. Forget it. Is that your catchphrase as a spy? I didn't realize spies had catchphrases. Forget it. But you know, I decided to stop spying and sealing down. I I live currently in Tallahassee. And I was getting an award down down here.

For I killed a shark that was nearby. Oh, wait, was it a shark that was terrorizing the neighborhood there? Or was it just anyone who kills a shark there? Oh, no. Yeah, it was it was a nuisance. It was a it was a jaw situation with the shark. So I I went in there as a Navy SEAL.

I dove in and I killed the shark with my bare hands. A strangle.

Whoa, strangle is fixation. That's hard to do under the water because they can breathe under there.

But how do you even get your arms all the way around? What size is the shark?

That's a great white. You were able to strangle the gray with my bare hands with bare hands.

You didn't have any wire or anything like that. You didn't.

Didn't. Didn't. I didn't even really tell where the neck is. Yeah, I don't. I agree. I don't even know how to picture this.

A shark is just a neck. Well, let's think of it like that.

I'm telling you. Necking a tail. A couple two. For you.

Usually when you see like a Charlie tuna guy, he needs to have like a tie and a collar in order for you to know, you know, neck and a tail couple. Yeah. Yeah. He wasn't wearing an outfit. I'll say that. He wasn't. Okay.

How did you get hired for that job as a spy? How did anyone know that was your expertise?

Well, I think this was the SEAL part of the. Yeah.

Do they think you were an actual SEAL? Because sometimes seals kill sharks dolphins, especially who are the police of the sea. They are.

Dolphins can kill a shark. Dolphins dolphins team up against sharks and they they can look. You're talking to one of the guys who wrote shark tail. So I, of course, know these things. Yeah.

I know. Me too. I lived in a downwater research facility for nine months. That was down water.

That was down water.

Down water. That's a term is out of water up water.

Yeah. Yeah. So technically all of us right now are up water, but that's just a term that marine biologists use. I'm a marine marine biologist. You're a marine biologist. Yeah.

So I guess my point was, did they think you were an actual SEAL that they were hiring to kill the shark or and then they were surprised when you were a human being? I guess I should say like, nobody actually like hired me. I sort of took it upon myself. I noticed this big shark in the water. You were in the water and you saw the big shark or you went down to the water to find the big shark. A little bit of both. And they and so, but I figured, you know, hey, why not?

It's a great white. Hey, why not? Why not kill it? Why not kill it? Why not kill nature? Did you find out about the shark terrorizing the neighborhood after the fact after you killed it or was that was it premeditated in the sense of like, Oh, I need to take care of this nuisance. A little bit of both. I'm now thinking like Tallahassee, I think is inland. And so, you're just now thinking that.

You live there. I wasn't going to say anything because I thought I might be mistaken about that.

I know, but I don't like look down at Tallahassee from above for like, I don't know.

You're not a helicopter pilot. Your life is not a helicopter pilot. Oh, actually, I am a helicopter pilot. You are a helicopter. Then you then you are looking down at Tallahassee from not right now. I'm not in my helicopter right now. I'm up water, but I'm not a water.

I see. I'm not a man. So I'm not like looking down at a map of Florida right now, but I can say, I can say as a doctor that I am a doctor. I'm a marine biologist. Oh, you're an OBGYN as well.

I'm an OBGYN. I'm a marine and some people are like, hey, same diff.

It's all slimy down there. Telling you. So you've retired at this point?

Not retired. I've just taken some time off. I'm never going to retire from any position I ever have. I hold it forever. I'm just taking a little time off.

I also had to because my leg got, I got bit off. I got bit off. You got bit off the leg? I was with an alligator and the alligator bit my leg off at the hip and I had to wrestle it from the alligator's jaws. Whoa. And then they had to reattach it. I had to go to the hospital. They had to. They had to be elected to. You asked them to when they decided to. They didn't have to by law.

They had to. I gave them an ultimatum. I said, I do you reattach my leg or I'm going to set this shark loose in here.

Oh, okay. So you got to start to the hospital. Yeah. You're with an alligator, but you got a shark. I was with exactly. Yeah, you get it. And so, so basically. I feel like you get it is going to be your new catchphrase. You get it. And so, but the thing about my leg is it's got a lot of muscle.

Yeah. I mean, because I'm I do shot put on the whole you're also a shot putter on the weekends.

Really. I do shot put on the weekends and I got beefy legs.

Can I check those bad boys out? What do you say? Yeah, I can't find them right now, but you can also do emailing. Wait a minute. Wait a minute. You can't find him. What do you mean by that? I'll email you. No, I'll email you does not have legs speaking of legs to be your new catchphrase. I can also deadlift three thousand pounds.

Okay, that's crazy. Were they unsuccessful in reattaching the leg and your other leg got cut off? Is that what you mean when you say you can't find them right now? Okay, I went to the hospital.

I said, look, either you reattach my leg or I'm going to shut this I'm going to shut this heart loose in here. What did they say? They're like, we can't reattach legs. That's that has never worked. And I was like, watch this. And so I grabbed a needle and thread and I put my legs back on, but I reattached them backwards. Oh, no. And they work and everything, but I did it.

But you're constantly anytime you're you have to walk, you can't see where you're going.

That's right. And I'm also a cyclist. I'm a competitive cyclist. So it's that has proven very difficult, but mirrors just use mirrors. Is there some sort of a scandal with biking competitively and mirrors that you're holding out on? No, I'm not I'm never involved in scandals because I don't I look, I'm I'm a really good person. I'm very honorable. I'm an ABCL. I'm a CIA spy. I'm a mayor. I'm a real biologist. You didn't say you're a mayor. What mayor? What town? Oh, yeah.

Um, it's probably you can, I guess, uh, you are stalling for time. What is happening right now?

You're not. No, no, no. Are you lying? Are you are you lying about everything? I got to know where you're the mayor. That's got to be the most fun town.

Really? Where are you the mayor?

And see it within one second. Ready? Where are you the mayor? Go Washington DC. What?

That's so crazy. I feel like I'm in the capital of nature.

That's right. And you forgot that?

You forget it. I didn't forget. I just maybe didn't want to share. Did you live there? You live in Tallahassee? How did you do your job from a place? Zoom.

Oh, it's zoom. Do the voters know you're not there? They don't need to know everything. And you did that over zoom. I did it over zoom.

I just sent out an invite and I made it so that there's no password so that people just join.

And that made it easier for everybody. And then also, you know, share my screen.

And you can change the background. I don't have, you know this, but I'm a bit of a computer whiz and you can change the background on your zoom call.

So I put, I put, I put the words Washington DC behind me. Oh, okay. We can't see that. It just to us, it's so close up. It just looks like wash, which I thought was maybe a reminder for yourself to, you know, take a bath in your long underwear or something. I never need a reminder to wash. No, no, no, because, you know, as a doctor, I've seen, I've seen what happens. Oh, like what? What's the most interesting thing that's ever happened to you as a doctor? I mean, you must have seen so many cases as a marine biologist and an older GYN. Yep. Yeah. So fill us in. Let us wait no longer to hear these fascinating tales.

Um, you know what? I, are you guys hungry?

You're a chef? You're a, I mean, yeah, you know, I'm not a chef, but I am a chef to myself. I mean, I cook, I cook, I'm good at cooking. I'm pretty good at cooking. Yeah.

Um, professionally. Okay. Yeah. Professional. So you're a chef.

All right. Do you own your own restaurant? Uh, yeah. Yep. A little bit above. Yeah.

You ever hear that song under the sea? Yeah, I wrote that.

You wrote, wait, you wrote that?

I wasn't under the impression that, that, uh, Alan Menken and Howard Ashman wrote that.

But you're saying that you know, you know, off the top of your head, Scott, you know, who wrote that? Well, sure. They wrote, uh, of course, uh, not only the little mermaid, but little shop of horrors and Aladdin. They're quite famous, uh, composers and lyricists. And one of them is no longer with us, of course. Uh, and that's, uh, and that's your, that's you, that's your pseudonym.

Me? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. We're talking to you. Yeah. Don't be so surprised that we're talking to you.

You're being interviewed, right? Yeah. Yeah. I know. Me too.

Yeah.

That's, I mean, it's great music. You're a great writer.

Thank you. Thank you. I love music. I love music. I play a piano backwards and forwards. I know.

Well, I guess you would have to with your legs backwards. That's the only way to reach the pedals.

And also I, I just want to like, you gotta put that pedals behind you somehow. That's a complicated piano. It's just, it is a complicated piano. It is a complicated piano, but you know, sometimes I can, my legs, I gotta re, okay. And not to brag. I have a very strong core. And so it's actually not that hard for me to turn and be facing in the direction of, of my legs when I'm pretty, you know, yeah. You can twist yourself around so that you're facing the same way that your legs are facing. Yeah. I'm a contortionist. I was a contortionist with the Cirque du Soleil. Yeah. Huh. Yeah. Cirque du Soleil.

I did that probably 90, 10, 90, 10. What do you mean when you say 90, 10?

Like 90 or 2000. Do you mean from 1990 to 2010?

You were there for 90 days in the year 2010. That's right.

This seems like an impossible CV for someone to have. I mean, a Navy SEAL, a CIA agent, a contortionist, marine biologist, OBGYN, chef with their own restaurant. I mean, this just doesn't seem plausible. Plus the fact that mayor, you forgot. Mayor Washington DC. But the thing that's tipping me off the most is just the pauses that she's taking after every question. Yeah.

She's been through a lot.

I've been through a lot. I agree. Like, I'm just proud of her because she's bringing the glass ceiling in so many different fields. She's handicapped.

Like she's really an inspiration to I guess. I guess I should be a songwriter. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, that was the, I mean, I didn't even remember that with the pseudonym of Alan Menken.

I mean, that's incredible.

I have to ask Francis, I was under the impression that you were lying about a bunch of your details.

I mean, it seems impossible to me. Are, are, is any of this true?

That's one of those pauses you were talking about. Yeah.

Now that, now that I mentioned it, you're hearing them, right? Yeah. I'm noticing them now.

Yeah. Now that you've pointed out, I'm noticing it. Yeah. It's true. It's all true. Everything.

I, I, what would I gain by lying?

Nothing. Okay. You, you, so why would I lie? I came on here to tell the truth and that's what I'm doing. Okay. Well, look, if you say you're telling the truth, I have no reason to doubt you anymore. I just want to ask that. Thank you. I'm telling the truth every day. Don't, don't look it up or think about it. All right. I will do. I, but can you, can you answer one question without pausing for longer than half a second? You got it. I will answer whatever question you have. I'll answer it immediately. What'd you have for breakfast today?

Ted tacos. There you have it. Wait, what did you say?

I thought she said Ted tacos and I thought, well, that's a fun. Yeah. Ted tacos. It's like Ted talks. Yes. My breakfast is Ted talks because I guess what I'm always hungry for more information.

Ted tacos. Yeah. Well, look, we have to take a break. No.

We do. Boy, that's the quickest that you answered anything and the most passion I've shared the whole time and so much passion.

All right. Look, we're going to take a, we're going to take a break when we come back. We'll have both an activist and a community organizer. This is very exciting. We're, we're learning a lot about the world around us on this show. We'll be right back with more comedy bang bang after this.

Comedy bang bang. We're back here. Unfortunately, all of the Robby's had to leave, but of course, their show is out there right now. It's called Robbie. It's on the Comedy Central app and YouTube, although something to do with the DP or something with YouTube. I don't know. I, I've forgotten it already. My brain has healed over the indentations that made upon it, but they all had to leave. We are of course still here with Francis Stork, who's here.

But we do have to get to our next guest if that's all right. And, and, whoa, they are an activist and a community organizer. Please welcome to the show Chester Tumfries and Tyler Whiffle.

Watch out. Poppers.

Whoa. Were you, were you, were you simulating fireworks or guns? I can't quite tell. No, the poppers, you know, the poppers is a little like white things that you throw on the ground and then go, oh yeah. You know, what is it? You know, everyone's confused. That's what I had in my pockets the whole time, but you didn't, you didn't even know. I got excited because I thought, I thought it was going to be jalapeno poppers. And I said, those are my kind of fireworks. Yeah, fireworks coming out the other end. If you know what I mean, that's, that's right.

Chili. By the way, we're sponsored by Chili's. I wanted to mention. Me too. Yeah. Yeah.

They have jalapeno poppers that will make you shitfire.

Yeah.

On over to Chili's. Yeah. Thank you, Francis. Give him my name. You got it.

Now, guys, you, you don't know each other or you do know each other, but, uh, Chester, you're an activist and Tyler, you're a community organizer.

Yeah. Yes. And, and Tyler, we should say, how old are you? I'm 12 years old and very proud of it.

I'm proud, I'm proud to be a kid.

And I feel like it's time for people to recognize kids more and kids rights, you know, like adults are really taking over and, um, just like screwing things up. So I think it's high time for people to pay attention to kids. And that's why I've been given all my friends and all of the neighborhoods fireworks and fire crackers because there's a difference and blowing them off every night because we need someone to look at us for once, for once in our lives and yours.

Okay. Now, wait a minute. You're, you're the person who's been organizing all every single night.

I'm awakened by these loud, loud fireworks going off. Yeah.

You're welcome. And you've been in charge of this? I have. I've organized it. Um, I'm trying to do it from the ground up. I've just kind of been like telling my friend. That's usually not where the fireworks go, the ground, unless they're, you know, they go from the ground. Sparklers. Yeah.

Actually, you go from the ground. And I, and I can say that's also true. Yeah. That would be terrifying if fireworks came down from the heavens at us. Oh man. I think it's lightning. Well, lightning. Yeah. Lightning. I guess it's sort of like that. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Now Chester, what does it you do? Well, I am an activist, newly appointed activist. Uh, congratulations. You noticed.

Thank you. I noticed that, uh, culturally, we're really going through something in this country right now where people are either pro mask or anti mask. And I think we as individuals have to make a decision on which team we want to be on. And if you guys know anything about me and you absolutely do not, I've never met any of you, but I, I like to add a little tickle to my decision making of what, what sort of, uh, what is this man systems I get involved with? So I'm anti, I'm anti mask, but not, but not the kind you think I am anti mask. I want, uh, first off, Halloween gone. You want to eliminate Halloween Halloween out of here. How am I supposed to get candy? How am I supposed to talk to strangers? You just have to go up. Yeah. Is there some sort of situation where the government is going to supply candy to the kids now? We don't know. No one knows what October will look like, but what I know one thing is that I say no masks.

So if you live in this world and right now you're saying no mask, well, guess what I'm saying may be mask, but come October, I'm saying no mask. And those people will be saying mask. Huh. I mean, this is truly an October surprise.

You are saying that you want people to wear masks currently, but then you want Halloween to be eliminated and no one wears masks on Halloween. I want Halloween masks now. Oh, because, and here's my thinking more the map more mass Halloween mass now, you might be able to scare the virus away.

Has anyone even considered that? I considered it. I have.

Oh, okay. Francis has. I believe you.

I that's the one thing. That's so quick. Oh, you were listening to our earlier segment Chester.

Well, I was just out in the hallway and I was put had my ear up against my ear up against the door with a cup. You know, like the day we're doing the show. We're doing the show on zoom.

Why were you outside your door? It seems like a odd situation for you to be in in your life. I just felt it'd be respectful if I had left my own computer room to stand outside the door with a glass. I understand you are nothing. If not the most considerate guest who's ever been on the show. Okay, Chester, I have a question. Yes. Have you maybe thought of all the kids who are going to be scared of all the people in scary mass? Because like that seems inconsiderate. There are a lot of people. Tyler, do you find Halloween to be a frightening holiday? It's kind of like I'm.

You've turned white as a ghost. I mean, and that's Halloween. Right there. No, no, no, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry. No, no, I'm saying I'm saying that you you you the blood rushed out of your head and you turned a little. Oh, wait, you're even frightened by that. Oh, no, medical, just anything anything better. Yeah, blood. Is that what's scary to you? If I just said blood, okay, blood is bad too. Okay.

I thought I did see a ghost if that helps. I thought I did see one. Are you sure you?

Help. Are you sure you weren't just watching three men and a baby? And it was just a cut out in the window. Yeah, are you sure that I'm too young to understand that? Oh, okay, you. Well, it's. Oh, what? But you have awareness. You have awareness that it existed before. Well, all years. Whatever I don't understand, I just am like, I'm too young. Well, it's a classic movie.

It's one of mine and Scott's favorites, because he and I I've got I was asked to come on to the show because he and I were on a Reddit thread about that. That's right. Yeah. In fact, the original plan for this episode was I was going to share my screen and we were going to do a rewatch of that three in and a baby. But unfortunately, I guess it wouldn't be a rewatch with you, Tyler, it would just be a watch. Yeah, for the very first time. Yeah. Yeah. If you spot the ghost.

Oh, if it's a ghost, I don't want to watch it. So you're you are you a coward, Tyler? Are you just frightened of everything? Okay, wow, it was a good, really harsh label. I there was a really aggressive label. So you're frightened by a lot of things.

Yeah. Can I throw out a few can I throw out a few hypotheticals of things that you might be frightened by? Sure. Okay, say there was a you looked into the corner of your house and you have corners in your house, right? Oh, yeah, I would got them. You're not in a circular house. Thank you, Francis. Yes, you're not in a circular house like that. There in the Hollywood Hills. You have I am in a circular house, but I will sit this one out. Okay, Chester, do you live in the Capitol Records building or where do you live? I said I was sitting this one out. So I'll be all right. I'll be over here in the side area, side area of the room. I'll be over here on this area of the space that's not a defined area. I would really rather you left and put that glass back up to your ear if that was okay.

But Tyler say say you were you spied in the corner of your room, a little tiny mouse.

Okay, that's a minor that's a minor reaction. It's like gross, but it's not like scary. Okay, someone can just what if it's dead, but still moving. Wait, it's dead and moving like a ghost.

It's a ghost mouse. Okay, so you're not frightened. You're just trying to clarify. Okay, now you're slightly more frightened. Okay, so this is a ghost involved in the sliding scale. It seems like a mouse is at a one reanimated mouse is at a two. Ghost was at a 10. So let's try to find in between there. What about like you look into the corner of your room and you see a man that you've never seen before holding gardening shears that are dripping with blood.

Francis, you didn't like that. But Tyler, you seem like that's like maybe a less than we have a lot of people working at the house. So I don't know. I could have been like, I have someone my mom hired and I just didn't see them when they first came in. Yeah, and that blood is roses.

It could be a roses. It's like when you go see a theater production and they, you know, it's it's stagey where suddenly like your red confetti comes out. I'm swaath the red fabric. Yes. Have you seen M butterfly as well? I have. I love it. I was I was that I was you were and butterfly. You start them.

Butterfly. Every day for a couple years.

Every day for a couple of years. So around 700 performances amazing. Not so. So okay, so Tyler, what if you were in your room and you looked into the corner? Yeah. And you saw a man with a scarred face with with knives replacing his fingers. So 10 knives.

Okay. Like like Freddy Krueger. Like Freddy Krueger and Jason off. I thought you were going to have your ear up against the glass, by the way, Chester, it is when I rushed back in. I rushed back in when I heard knives for fingers because I said this sounds like plagiarism. It's an off brand Freddy Krueger. It's like those video. I'm too young to really understand who that is.

You don't know who Freddy Krueger is. Okay. So this might be more frightening or less frightening. I can't quite tell. So it's a man with knives instead of fingers and he's holding a gun with those knives and and and Fred is napping his name is Fred Krueger. Fred Krueger. Yes. And he says, by the way, hi little boy. My name is Fred Krueger.

How what is that?

I guess. Yeah. That would be very scary. Where where is it?

Is is it on a scale from live mouse to ghost? Where are we sitting? Probably like a six. A six.

Okay. Yeah. I think really my issue is just like things that are are gone from this realm, you know, things that are like ghosts or paranormal or just things that I sent ours. Sentars are so scary. Yeah. Thank you. Sentars, unicorns. What about. Oh boy, they're getting a strong reaction here. What about demons?

Okay. What about angels? Oh, whoa. You don't like like the angels in the outfield movie is I'm too young to really understand. I don't know. You don't know what that movie is. Maybe that's why you work with fireworks is because they are of this earth, although they do ascend to the heavens. Yeah, it's kind of like punching the heavens. It's like, keep everything up there.

Don't bring your business down here. Okay. We're over the earth and you're not. You stay the heck up there. Are you frightened though that you might shoot a firework up and it might crack the barrier between the heavens and this earth and that way angels would would be let loose upon this world. Oh my gosh. I never thought about that. Oh my god. What if it's already happened?

Oh, I never I know. I told so I told it's supposed to happen tonight. I told everybody in every city to blow off their fireworks at 10 p.m. tonight. And I what I what if it happens tonight and all the angels come down and then they attack. Yeah, you got to call everyone. You got to stop this.

That's the rapture. That's a wrap. It's a wrap on the rapture.

Chester, that's me.

What do you think when you hear a young boy like Tyler here and by all accounts, he is a young boy.

What do you think when you hear a young boy poke holes in your plans much like people poke holes and sheets in order to portray ghosts on Halloween? Oh god.

Why did you bring that up? Sorry to make a terrifying analogy. I I don't think there's any holes poked in my theory at all. I think if you want to scare this virus away, then now's the time for Halloween mass and on the night of Halloween.

You know, I haven't thought past I haven't thought past now.

I'm very everyone very Malcolm Gladwell.

I'm very yeah other people like him. Everyone might be so sick of wearing their Halloween costumes at that point that they might actually take the night off like it would be a regular night for them. You know, I mean, I guess I always thought would be fun if on Halloween, that's when we just dressed in our normal clothes and you know, because I find that our normal clothes are sort of the real masks that we're wearing in society. Yeah, so are you so you would prefer everyone wear Halloween costumes every day other than Halloween and then we wear our normal like whatever kind of costume you're going to wear for Halloween. I mean, that is more exposure to who you are creatively than the clothes you wear normally on an everyday. I mean, what you've chosen to be at Halloween says maybe in your fantasies, you've always wanted to be that they often say that your Halloween costume betrays sort of what you want to be in in life what you wish you could be. So, you know, like, you know, a slutty angel, for instance, does that scare you by the way?

An angel that's a slut? No, I don't mean to slut shame angels by the way.

No, angels can do whatever they want up there. And you know, if they want to hook up with God or whomever, you know, Peter, whoever they're hooking up with, they're just going to create more angels because they're so yeah. Yeah. Those are the consequences of unprotected angel sex.

Yeah. Maybe that's where demons come from, you know, yeah.

Just shooting clouds.

Kids can be a lot. You know what I mean? Yeah, I mean, no demons Chester, do you have a family? I don't have a family. I have a lot of friends who say kids are a lot. Are you shooting clouds yourself or what's what's the issue? That's very personal, Scott. That's very personal. Do you mean take a gun outside and fire it at clouds? What do you know what I mean is when you ejaculate, does your penis do just just wisps of air come out?

Okay, because I was way off with my shooting a gun at clouds thing. I shoot fireworks at clouds.

Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. You seem to have forgotten you're not doing that anymore because I was doing that, but I'm not doing that. I'm not doing that. I'm still proud of the work that we've done, but I'm very terrified of the work that we could potentially do cracking the I've never ejaculated. I've never. You what? Chester? Yeah. I'm so sorry. You should. It's fun. Oh, you don't have to apologize. I was okay. We could talk you through it right now. You don't want to? No.

No, I have no interest whatsoever. I've never once even been slightly aware of what could possibly be fun about that. Have you ever have you ever had? I'm assuming you have a working penis, working man's penis. No, I don't. I'm not employed. Your penis have a working title. Yes. Or is it untitled at this point? It's untitled. The untitled Chester Tumfries project.

Chester, I can use some tips on how to not ejaculate because I've been doing a lot of that lately, just because I've been told it's normal, but I don't. It doesn't feel normal and it happens a lot when I'm not even trying to do anything. What are your secrets, Chester, to kind of keep what's going on down there at a level. I like to call it avoiding myself.

So your social distancing from your penis, that's exactly right. And it's a powerful discipline.

Hard to stay six feet away. If you're lucky, it's six feet away, if you know what I mean.

I'm too young to understand. Yeah, me too. I'm too young to understand. I don't.

Yeah, I would be wildly uncomfortable what you're describing. You're right. It's only one foot away for me to honestly, truly still that would be so wildly uncomfortable.

You're not playing pickup basketball in that you're not able to do that. You can't just go out and run around a track. No one's asking you to play tennis if you're working with six feet in a photo finish. If you have if you have a 12 inch penis in a photo finish, you're going to win by a nose. They should change it to he won by a dick. If you just burst through the ribbon with it, I mean, that would be amazing. Well, although you've you've never had an erection, though, I'm taking it. I've never had one and I never will. And that's the promise I make to myself.

I can't run when I'm hard. It hurts too much. It's also it's so conflicting, you know.

Yeah, like why am I the want to run? Are you running towards something or away from something, which either way is not a good situation. Either way, it's not a good time to run.

When you have an erection, it should be pool rules. Please, walking only.

Don't eat 30 minutes. Exactly. And please don't pee in it.

Unless you're in that kind of thing.

Please don't pee in it. But not to shame anyone who's into that. I feel that anyone who's paying in a Tyler, I think we should stay away from the subject matter of your your sexual awakening. But I'm you know, it's a very special time in young boys life and I'm welcome to the rest of your life is I guess all I have to say about that. Hey, man, thanks.

I'm very excited. It does feel like I'm coming into my own and you know, this is a big year for me.

Yeah. What do you mean by by that exactly other than your sexual awakening? Do you have plans?

I'm going to turn 13 and congratulations. So you're going to turn 13. Do you have anything planned?

I mean, obviously, yeah, I've been thinking about one of those like drive by birthdays or people just like drive their car past me and then I can like high five them and kiss them on the cheek or the mouth and that's like they can get out of their car and I can give them a really big hug or maybe just like get in their car for a little bit.

Seems like you're lessening the impact of of a drive by thing. I mean, if you were high five, I mean, their side mirror, maybe that would be okay. But I mean, if you're actually touching the side mirror is not a hand. It's a mirror. It's weird. I want it. It's the hand of the car. Is it not?

Although you know what watching that cars movie, the front and passenger door are really the hands of the car. That car's movie was freaking terrifying because they were all talking and they shouldn't.

They shouldn't be. That's not how it works in the real world. And no, thank you. Plus, at a certain point, one of them gets inside a truck.

So it's basically like having sex with that truck by entering it from behind. I could not even imagine drawing that conclusion seeing that film. Wow. Well, that is talent right there. Just even think of that. Well, Chester, you don't think thoughts like that. That's why you've never had an erection. Check it, by the way. Do you have a risk now?

That's true. No, no, all good. Still good. Okay, so you're not still pure, still pure, still, still pure, still perfect.

Are you is this a religious thing with you, Chester? I don't know. I don't know about religion. I don't know what that is. What is that? You don't know what it is.

It's, I don't know what it is.

It's well, remember those angels? We were talking about that you seem to know what they were and the demons. You seem to be very familiar with those. Oh, I know. I had watched, I had watched, you sound like Francis at this point. Oh, boy. Francis, now I know what Francis is going through.

If I had a nickel. You don't have a nickel? I don't. I've only got dime, quarters and pennies. Okay. Well, that one get Francis a nickel. What were we even talking about?

What were you trying to think of, Chester? Religion. Okay.

What it is. You seem to know what angels and devils were. It's a belief. I've heard of them. Yeah, it's a belief in a higher power. I've seen enough Guns N' Roses music videos to draw my own conclusions. You've seen enough Dan Brown. I've read Dan Brown religiously, but I do. You know the term religiously and yet you don't know what religion is. That's exactly right. That's true. Well, if I were to tell you that there was a man or a woman, I mean, these days it could be anything up there in the sky. And Tyler, I'm sorry, you may want to earmuffs at this point because this is going to terrify you. But say there was say there was a giant man or woman up in the sky with a big long white beard and that is canon regardless of whether it's a man or a woman. The beard has to be there.

They're on a golden throne and looking down and that is a higher being that's created to us all and judges us on our actions. What would you say to that? Chester? Oh, sorry. Chester, have you mind-squapped the Francis? I'll tell you. You know what I heard? That was such a long question too. That I feel so bad because that question was just on and on. You felt like me listening to pixelization. I think I just couldn't get over golden throne and now that just, you know, what that must be like. To have that while teaching so much humility to the masses.

But what was what? What do you think about that concept, Chester? Oh, I don't know that I get it.

I don't know that it's for me. I don't, I think you have trouble listening to anything that's over 15 seconds and that that's really going to impact like church services for you. You lost me right there at the end. 70 seconds. Just. All right.

Okay, sorry. I'll try to keep everything down to a nice 15 from here on in. Well, guys, look, we're running out of time.

We just have time for one final feature on the show and that's a little something called plugs.

Can I finish? Can I finish? Can I finish? Can I finish? Can I finish? Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Can I finish?

Ooh, that is one of the shortest plugs themes we've had in a long time. Thank you so much for really being respectful of mine and my guest time. That was Plug Me Amadeus by Father Gregory.

And I believe saying can I finish much like Dana Carvey's famous impression of George W. Bush.

No, no, no, George H. That's right. Yeah. I think it was Ross Perot. It wasn't Ross. Oh, that's right. Rudu was Ross Perot. Yes. Was it Ross Perot?

I'm T. I understand. Tyler, do you get it?

Well, Ross Perot was similar to Fred Kroger. Oh, no. Do it.

Can we, how far back do we need to go? Do we need to explain Saturday Night Live? Do we need to explain to you? Yeah. Harvey.

I don't know what that is. I don't know. Okay. Saturday Night Live. That's also, but that's around right now. There's no not knowing it. I'm too young.

I go to bed pretty early.

Oh, okay. I understand. Do you know who Eddie Murphy is?

What's two or what's early? Like, what's him? What time is early? Yeah. Cause you've been setting up Fire Po. Okay. Right.

I have fireworks. I'm at 10 p.m. And I said, oh, why I go straight to bed. Sound asleep. I like a nice respectful little boy who is breaking the law, of course, because fireworks are against the law. And both man's law and God's law, because they're going to bring that into this.

Well, they're going to create fishers between the barriers of heaven and earth. So no, no, no, no, no, we're going to call it off. Francis is going to call it off and we're going to be okay.

That's right. I'll call. I'll take care of it. Tyler, what do you want to plug here?

Obviously your 13th birthday. My 13th birthday. Please drive by my house where I can kiss you on the mouth and high five you maybe even lick your hand or something. And there's a comedian that I love named Sashir Zimeda and you can follow her at the sheer truth on all social media.

And I guess, you know, because COVID's happening and no one's going anywhere. So nothing else is happening. You have nothing else to do but follow her. Yeah.

Also, I've been watching this great show called Robbie. That's good. You should watch that. And oh, there's a podcast called Best Friends that you should listen to and have fun. Just have fun with your life. Look, even if you don't do all those other things, just have fun. And Chester Tumfries, what are you plugging here? You know, I want to say Harlequin from Suicide Squad. That's a fun mask. Go buy that mask.

Harley Quinn. Harley Quinn. Yes. Right. Is that right? Yeah.

Her real name is Harleene Quinsle.

My inability to read that name makes me wonder if I've ever truly understood any of these dead brown Bibles, which I consider them Bibles, whatever that is. If you say it slowly enough, it takes longer than 15 seconds. So I can understand you not quite knowing exactly what it is. Sorry, I may have elapsed the 15 at that point. I don't know what you said there at the end.

But I also think that that show, Robbie, I was able to sit down not that long ago and really breeze through it and really enjoyed it. I think did you watch it in 15 second chunks?

I watched it in increments of 15 seconds and I will tell you the jokes still land. They land.

But I say that and then also this one comedian who I have such a difficult time getting behind in the world of social media because when I follow someone on Twitter or Instagram and they say they're a comedian and they post anything outside the world of comedy. They are lying to me.

Yes, stick to comedy.

Stick to comedy.

I follow this one guy, Rory Skoval, and I've learned that, oh, his random barrage of styles of posting means he just doesn't totally understand what branding truly is other than being here.

I guess he assumes being himself is a sort of brand.

Yeah, okay. And Francis Stork, what are you plugging here?

Check out medicine, check out fusion, what about food?

Check out sharks, food stay away from.

Well, you're a chef.

You want people to stay away from your food?

No, my food is good, but food, other food stay away from it.

Check out Washington DC. You got it.

Check out Robbie on YouTube or is the Comedy Central Applicant? By great news, you don't have to apply to watching.

Oh, so the application process is relatively great.

It's already done for you.

Okay. Sorry to be done for you.

You're in. You're approved.

You're in.

Check out Mary Holland.

Just the concept of Mary Holland.

Okay.

Yeah. And check out also on YouTube, go to Star Wars Kids and check out Jedi Temple Challenge.

It's really fun.

Okay. All right. I want to plug.

You can still watch the Comedy Bang Bang television series, all episodes over there on Netflix, some on Pluto TV from what I'm told, although I have not received any sort of confirmation regarding that.

Also watch the Between Two Ferns movie on Netflix.

Okay. That'll be it for me. Let's close up the old plug bag.

You start with a C when you want to close it up.

You lead with an L and then you own.

Bring up the plug bag.

Open up the plug bag.

Shake your hands and open it up.

Generation your Compton and he just says, open up the plug bag.

Open up the plug bag.

Everybody wants to open up the plug bag.

Keep it looking.

Open up the plug bag.

Open it up.

All right, guys.

First of all, Tyler Whiffle.

Great to meet a young man like yourself.

Congratulations on your 13th birthday that's upcoming.

Thank you.

And I'm sorry that you're such a coward and so afraid of almost everything.

What about your own shadow?

Are you afraid of that?

Don't even bring it up.

Oh, that's an 11.

Leave me alone.

It won't leave me alone.

It's always calling me.

I never look behind me because it's just, I know it's going to be there and I can't, I can't stand it.

Well, looking behind herself is not a problem for Francis Stork because her legs are on backwards.

Francis.

Hey, yo.

Yes.

Thank you for adding a hey-o much like a co-host should.

But thank you so much for being here.

And please come back and tell us about your many exploits another time.

Doo-doo-doo.

It was my pleasure.

To be back any time.

A late toot toot.

That is a late entry into your catchphrase submissions.

I don't think that you, I think toot toot is Memphis, Kansas, breeze.

You can't just steal.

You can't just be like Fred Kroger stealing catchphrases.

Too bad.

Doot toot.

That's me.

I'll be back.

Look for me in the sky and I'll see you soon.

In the sky.

Okay.

Well, Tyler.

Doot toot.

No.

Yeah, Tyler.

I don't know if you should be looking for Francis up in the sky.

In Chester, I want to thank you so much for being here as well.

Good luck with your Halloween plan.

I mean, I personally would love it.

I mean, not enough people are wearing masks out there right now, just regular masks.

So if I were to look out there and see a bunch of Spider-mans and, you know, Fred Kroger's, I think that would be an amazing way to walk around town.

I'm sorry.

I know that was lost.

Me right after you said love the idea.

So whatever you saw after that.

Look, everything after that was insignificant.

We'll just leave it there.

All right.

We'll see you next time.

Thanks.

Bye.
