♪♪♪ This scampy made me dampy in my pampy.

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

Thank you to Nowhere Man.

Oh, Nowhere Man.

I've heard of him.

He's a bit like you and me, I believe.

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang for another week and first episode of July.

This is very exciting.

Dad's and grads month you had, you know, you took what you could get in these COVID times, but unfortunately your reign of terror is over.

GTFO, Dad's and grads.

That's right, Grand Theft, fuck off.

Dad's and grads.

We are here for Comedy Bang Bang.

This is definitely hump month of Comedy Bang Bang.

We're halfway through the year, halfway through 2020, probably the best year of many of our lives.

And we have a very exciting show.

By the way, my name is Scott Ockerman.

I'm the host of Comedy Bang Bang and we have a very exciting show.

Coming up a little later, we have an edutainer.

Wow! Okay, well, I like education and I love entertainment and hopefully that is a portmanteau.

Non-clumsy of both of those two words.

We also have a podcast guest.

Huh. All right, that's interesting.

I guess all of our guests could qualify as being podcast guests, but that's the only information I have in front of me currently to describe this person.

And coming up first on the show, it is my pleasure to have two, I don't know how to describe them other than humorists.

Is that safe to say, guys?

It's okay. It'll do in a pinch.

Safe. Okay.

Safe.

So the umpire has ruled that safe.

Definitely no risk involved there.

Sure.

Where do you think the risk would be?

Would it be in calling you comedians or?

Yeah. You'd start getting letters pretty quick.

Okay. Yeah. We don't want those.

Doesn't qualify.

Put your pens away, listeners, because these who are humorists, you know them as wonderful authors and rack on tours and entertainers, mostly humorists.

Humorists? Sure. Yeah.

You know them as separate humorists, but together they have banded forces in order to produce a television show, which comes out this Thursday on FXX in the cake programming block entitled Dictown.

And we're going to be talking to them about this.

Please welcome to the show, John Hodgman and David Reese.

Hello, guys.

Hi. Thanks for having us.

Hi.

It is entirely my pleasure.

So wonderful to have you on.

Yes, of course.

John, you didn't say thanks for having us, which is, you know, I'm wondering if you're going to thank me at any point.

I'm thinking it over.

He's just writing a witty, humorous repost to the intro.

What I wanted to say was Scott, let me be the first to say, thank you for having us.

I don't think that you were the first to say that, but okay.

Thank you, John, for being at least last to say it, certainly.

Now, guys, you have a television show, which is a thing that, quite honestly, back in the day, a lot of people did not have.

Now, it seems like more and more people have them, and that sphere has extended to both of you.

We're the last ones.

You're the last people to ever have a television show, and it's produced and going to come out, and it may be the final television show in the history of human kind.

What do you think about that?

The death rattle of the entire medium of television assumes human form.

That's the tagline for our show.

Humorists John Hodgman and David Reese.

We're going to put TV out of its misery.

And isn't it ironic that you've made a television show at a time when most people are inside their houses watching television?

They're just activated by what's on that rectangular box.

That is, of course, if they have a modern television, if they have a square box, they certainly have an out-of-date television.

But isn't it wonderful to have something traveling through the airwaves and through cables that shows up on people's little tiny screens in their houses?

Isn't that wonderful?

Everyone was so busy watching they forgot they could make one, so we took advantage of this moment of distraction.

And actually, we made it.

The show is an animated, it's a short-form animated show.

And animation takes all the time in the world.

So we actually made it about two years ago.

Did you guys animate it yourself, or did you hire people to do this?

No, we worked with Floyd County in Atlanta, the Archer team.

Oh, so this is like in the Archerverse.

Wait, or is that the Arrowverse?

What am I thinking?

I don't think it's in the Archerverse.

Nor is it in the Arrowverse.

What is the Arrowverse?

The Arrowverse you have, of course, super girl and bat woman.

It's not Avengers David Reese.

Isn't there a guy in the Avengers who shoots arrows?

Sure, there's Hawkeye.

Right, okay.

But that's not the Arrowverse.

Is the Arrowverse Arrow comics?

Is there a comics publisher called the Arrow- David.

From the 50s or something?

David, I'm furious right now.

Stop.

Sorry, stop postulating about the Arrowverse.

Something.

What is it?

Clearly have no idea about.

I've literally never heard of it until just now.

Is this David Reese-Doomit?

Do you mind if I offer a sincere explanation of what we're talking about?

Yeah, please John, because someone has to.

There's a TV show based on a DC Comics character called Green Arrow, but the show is called Arrow.

And then they introduced a bunch of other DC Comics superhero TV shows that all show.

They all spin off of each other, like the Marvel Universe.

Stop bringing up the Marvel Universe.

Oh, God, you're just fingernails on a chalkboard.

Yeah, our show is part of the Arrowverse.

Arrow comic.

Arrowverse!

Arrowverse David!

What did I say?

You said Arrow Universe!

Oh, sorry.

God!

Two extra so.

Damn it.

Arrowverse.

It's part of the Arrowverse.

It is.

Wonderful.

This is my imitation of David Reese.

The Arrowverse.

Is that a universe set in the world of Arrow's men's shirts?

Oh, yeah.

Shout out to JCPenney.

All those characters in Arrow's shirt magazine ads?

All your favorites?

The JCPenneyverse.

Was the Arrow shirt man the one with an eye patch?

No.

Did you mispronounce iPad by saying, I patch like Cake Boss Wood?

Oh, wait.

I think I just heard something.

Never mind.

Okay, it must have been an apparition.

Guys, can we stop digging around here and get down to brass tacks?

Is that all right?

Yeah, let's stop digging around and start dicking down here.

That's right.

Correct.

We need to sell some eyeballs on this television show.

Tell me about what this is.

Dicktown.

I hear the name Dicktown.

And I think that, I don't know, knowing nothing about the show, I feel like it must be set in some sort of town called Richard Town or something in another state.

Hey, yeah.

And that's just me off the top of my head, not knowing anything about this show.

That was amazing.

I'll explain it to you and your listeners the way I explained it to everyone at my parents' retirement community dining hall when they asked me what I was working on.

So Dicktown, the name has a double meaning.

The first, as you've guessed correctly, is that the show is set in the fictional town of Richard'sville, North Carolina, loosely placed on my hometown of Chapel Hill, North Carolina, where I grew up.

And sure enough, the locals shortened Richard'sville to Dicktown.

But there's another meaning as well, which is that in this TV show, John Hodgman plays a sort of private investigator, a private dick.

Oh, that's it.

Now that is a term that people used to use for a private investigator before Dick became synonymous with a penis.

So John plays a middle-aged private investigator who is a former child prodigy investigator and now has grown into late middle age, but is still solving mysteries for young people.

Late middle age.

That is...

Or I guess early middle age, I should say, right?

It's just a number.

I thought, did you ever read Encyclopedia Brown when you were a tot?

You have me a did you ever read the Encyclopedia, which of course I have.

And now what did you say after that?

Brown.

Did you ever read Encyclopedia Brown?

Oh, children's literature.

Of course not.

Did you read Hardy Boys?

Hardy Boys.

No, I don't believe I have.

Nancy Drew.

Have you ever heard of Nancy Drew?

These are books for children, are they not?

I...

Sherlock Holmes.

Ah, yes.

Sir Arthur Conan Doyle.

Okay, grown up time.

Okay.

Okay, so did you ever see the movie Young Sherlock Holmes?

Of course I did.

Our show is kind of like Sherlock Holmes.

Oh, okay.

My character, John Hunchman, was as a child in Richard'sville, a.k.a. Dicktown.

I was a famous local boy detective.

And so I solved crimes for my little mysteries, for my little friends.

And then someone's scooter would get a go missing and I would find it for them.

But now I have grown and I have failed to thrive.

And I'm in my 40s still living in this town, still a private investigator, but my client tell us exclusively teenagers.

And David Reese is my former arch enemy and high school bully who has also grown up in this town and failed to thrive.

And now we're the only two who know each other from our school class.

And he is now my driver and my partner in the PI firm and my unlikely friend.

And we go around and we solve crimes for children, basically.

And what is the difference between a crime and a mystery because you distinguished both of those things?

A crime is a legal entity and a mystery is an ontological and epistemological entity.

Thank you very much.

David, I appreciate that.

You're not giving me the run around like John Hunchman over here.

John and David, this.

I mean, this sounds like a dream project.

It sounds first of all, funny premise and undoubtedly it must have a funny execution.

Well, I'll say that I'll say I don't know about funny, but I'll say it's humorous.

Ah, oh boy.

No, it's funny.

It's funny.

We got some LOLs in this show.

A little all action.

I think there's a couple.

Yeah.

We had a good time with some of the best vocal talents of the day.

Who do we got in this show?

Write them down.

We got like a John Glaser, John Benjamin Archer himself.

So this is part of the Archerverse.

Sure.

Oh, you know what it is.

Let's say that it is.

I'm not going to rule out a crossover.

That's how money is made these days.

Yeah, why not?

I mean, whatever character he plays on Dicktown, maybe his twin brother is Archer.

That's right.

That's what it is.

It's a twin brother situation.

Okay, great.

And we'd like you to play the role of the cosmic villain, Panoos.

You'd like me to play Panoos.

Yes.

Okay.

Yeah, I'm in.

I mean, I am offer only, of course, as you know, and along with that come a lot of stipulations, I'm very difficult to work with.

I will not remember lines.

Yes.

I will not sign a release for my performance.

Good, of course.

But yeah, I'm in definitely.

The beauty of this is it's animated.

So you don't need to remember your lines.

And also your character, your character has no lines.

Oh, okay.

How am I going to perform this?

I'm just going to embody it physically or we're just licensed your image.

Yeah, we'll let you know when we're recording and you can think about it.

Okay.

Yeah, I'm in.

Panoos and what does Panoos do?

Actually, I miss both his name is Pano and he comes.

Wait, is this Neil Young's technology?

Yes, that's right.

He comes to earth to tell everyone that their sound quality is terrible.

Okay.

I like it.

So I'm shaped sort of like an obelisk like like the Pano device.

Is that right?

No, that's your head and the rest is the body of Neil Young.

Oh, okay.

Boy.

Do you think Neil Young has ever done a voice on a cartoon?

Like has he ever been on the Simpsons?

Do you think?

Hmm.

I wonder if he would.

If you were going to be on any of them, that would be the one to be on, I guess.

I mean, this is a guy who is so enamored with show business that he marries Daryl Hannah from Splash.

You know, is that true?

They were married.

Aren't they still together?

I don't know.

Really?

Yeah, I don't.

Well, okay.

We got to go to the Internet here.

I'm using all my Internet to just speak with you.

I don't have Google is offline while I pedal this bicycle.

Wait, before you go on the Internet, before you go on the Internet, let's take our bet.

Who thinks Neil Young has appeared as himself on the Simpsons?

I'm going to say yes.

That's not what I was looking at.

I was looking at the Daryl Hannah fact, but okay, I'll look up the Simpsons as well.

Oh, no.

We'll have a side pool.

Okay, I'm going to say no to the Simpsons and yes to Daryl Hannah.

I'll say yes to the Simpsons and no to Daryl Hannah.

Okay.

So the direct opposite.

And just to be clear, am I betting that Neil Young is currently married to Daryl Hannah or was at some point married to currently married to Daryl Hannah?

I'm going to say currently, at least in a relationship, if not married to Daryl Hannah.

David, you said yes on Simpsons, no on Hannah?

Yeah, yeah.

All right.

Just for fun, I'm going to reverse that.

No on Simpsons.

Yes, on Hannah.

So then what does David pay out?

I'm going to say no for both.

You're going to say no for both.

Okay.

It's glitting the difference.

Okay.

So you're going to get paid either way.

That's right.

Meanwhile, David and I are canceling each other out.

Okay.

Well, let's take a look at this.

Let's take a look at personal life on the Neil Young Wikipedia page.

Let's see.

Widely reported to be the godfather of actress Amber Tamplin, former guest on this show.

Amazing.

Okay.

All right.

Well, widely reported.

Widely reported.

Frankly, it's unconfirmable.

Let's see.

He was in a relationship with actress Carrie Snodgrass.

Sure.

Of course.

He met his future wife Peggy Young named Morton.

This is looking good for me.

This is looking good for us.

Young has been in a relationship with actress and director Daryl Hannah since 2014.

Oh, sorry.

Wow.

Okay.

So you won that bet now.

I want I want it from both of you, by the way.

So you both have to pay me.

Yeah, that's true.

Now what about the Simpsons?

All right.

Let's take a look at the Simpsons.

I'm of course looking under filmography.

Has Neil Young ever been on the Simpsons?

You're just asking someone now.

Yeah.

No, he's got Harry come to ball in his room there.

Oh, this is from entertainment weekly.

My Bible.

Well, the headline is the Simpsons rock and roll.

Musical guests include Sonic youth smashing pumpkins and more.

This from 1996.

It was wonderful that this was available on the internet.

So it looks like they were really sticking it to Gen X and Lala Palooza by doing like a Springfield musical festival or something.

But listen to this.

Finding bands to play along, however, proved only slightly less circus like offering a $1,000 a day salary.

The Simpsons approached Bob Dylan, Neil Young and Pearl Jam, all of whom respectfully declined.

I'm out on coming and going.

I lost money.

Wow.

And I won.

So you have to pay John and I for the Neil Young.

You have to pay me for the Daryl Hannah.

John, meanwhile, you have to give me what David pays you for the Neil Young to learn for the Daryl Hannah.

Great.

I'm genuinely shocked.

You have little to no trivia knowledge about Neil Young when it comes to these two subjects at the very least.

But David, that's circa 1996.

You don't know.

That's been, that's almost.

You might have gone on Simpsons to promote his Pono.

Yeah, Pono.

He was doing everything.

Here it is.

Entertainment Weekly 2012.

Oh, Simpson's score.

Huge deal.

Neil Young in 30 minute animated infomercial with Bart Simpson for Pono at Comma.

Exciting new music playback technology.

Okay, this sounds fake.

This is.

Wow.

Now everybody owes me money.

All right, I'll give it to you.

Just send me that article if you will, please.

I will.

Yep.

Late, late 2013, I get, I get a heads up.

Neil Young wants to call me.

What?

And I say, that's fine.

That's fine.

Is your response?

No, I mean, I, I respect Neil Young's legacy with the music and I appreciate his music and I like quite a bit of it.

And I've never been a, what's the, a young head, a young guy?

Sure.

And to add to that, you're also not like Mr. Excitement in general.

You know what I mean?

Like you're, you're, you're not like, you know, Mr.

Personality or like, Oh, look at John.

He's like, you know, freaking out over here.

You're usually like, yeah, I bet if it was Gary Gygax on the line, he would be freaked.

Oh, oh, oh, oh.

GG.

Hang on.

I got to put on my chain mail.

No, it was, it was an embarrassing thing because I was like, okay, I'll talk to Neil Young.

I don't know.

What do you want to, what's he going to talk to me about?

Like we don't know.

I forgot all about it.

Weeks later, I got a call saying, Oh, yeah.

Hi, this is blah, blah, blah.

Neil Young's manager backstage in Winnipeg.

Neil's about to go on stage.

Here he is.

And Neil Young gets on the phone with me and he's like, yeah, I just wanted to talk to you because I'm bringing out, I'm not going to do a Neil Young impersonation.

You obviously tried for a second, which is there's no shame in that.

But I think abandoning it at this point is the right move.

In a down.

I'm an young up.

Your way into Neil Young is singing the song from the soundtrack of Philadelphia.

I can't get it out.

Well, he wrote it.

It's not just the song from.

It's a Neil Young Oscar winning song, I believe.

He did not win the Oscar for that.

Bruce Springsteen won the Oscar for Philadelphia and Neil Young was not nominated.

You guys know nothing about Neil Young.

I know a lot about Neil Young.

I'm just holding my tongue.

Anyway, he says, I've got this thing called Pono and I want to do a YouTube advertisement.

And we were thinking that you could be the face and voice of Pono.

Did he think that you actually were a computer from those commercials?

I was like flattered and I was like, you know, I'm very interested.

But of course, there might be a conflict of interest because I had been the PC and these commercials for Apple.

But before I can say that, he says, and also you did such a great job filling in for John Stewart on The Daily Show over the summer.

I'm like, oh, oh Neil Young, no.

No, I'm not.

Oh, no.

Pono.

Oh, Neil Young.

Oh, no.

And he was very cool about it.

He was just like, it's like, no, but I really like you too.

And he sort of, you know, they continued to chat it for a while, but it was a miscommunication.

Well, that was, that's a wonderful show business story.

And John, you've always been full of those.

And I have to, I have to entreat upon you to tell another one that involves the both of you, which I read in your most recent book entitled Medallion Status.

And you, you and David, I'll just speak to both of you.

John and David, you, you have a friendship that has lasted for two decades, two decades.

You know each other very well.

John, actually, I think this summer is the 20th anniversary of when we first met in Boston.

That's right.

Because.

Summer of 2000.

Wow.

David's first self published book, My New Fighting Technique is Unstoppable.

One of the funniest things I've ever read.

It came, it brought me great delight in a very sad time in my life.

And we became friends.

And I was a fan of David's for many, many years, supporting him in all of his various projects as cartooning his pencil sharpening.

No one can hear me.

No, we can hear you.

We're soaking it up.

I'm just, I'm just leaning back and soaking it up.

We are definitely listening to you talk as slowly as you possibly can.

Go ahead.

Is someone giving you the stretch sign?

What is happening, John?

It's weird.

They're telling me it's too fast paced for Maine.

I have to slow it down.

They say, talking quickly will never work on podcasting.

This is an, this is an audio medium.

So continue your story, please.

The point is I've, I've, I've been a friend and fan of David Reese's for a long time.

But this show, Dick Town is the first time we worked together and it's a delight.

That's wonderful.

But what I, what I wanted to know about is the story that is in your book regarding the time that you went on tour together and found yourself at a quite famous location in the state of Florida.

Take it away, guys.

Well, John had been hired to do a tour with the Boston Pops and he asked if I wanted to come along and hang out with him in a rental car.

And that's always really fun.

We've done that before.

David had two desires when he agreed to go accompany me because I was doing this, this bit with the Boston Pops where I would do a little narration and then it would take five minutes and then I'd just be alone for the rest of the time.

So rather than go around on a tour bus with a bunch of violinists that I don't know, I asked David to drive around with me on tour and we had a great time.

But David's conditions were he wanted to go to two places.

He wanted to go, he wanted to get into the, the headquarters of Scientology in Clearwater, Florida, the so-called flag land base, which we failed to do because it was too scary.

And then a second desire emerged as we were driving into Palm Beach and realizing this is where Mar-a-Lago is.

This is a real place that we could go see.

And we, neither of us, I would, I think it's fair to say, neither of us voted for Donald Trump nor supported for him for president.

And we felt kind of bad in February 2017.

Stick to comedy.

Go ahead.

I'm not a comedian, humorist.

I'm sorry, I hear a comedian bring up Donald Trump and I automatically say stick to comedy.

So no, no, no, no, no.

It was just like, we wanted to go see it.

And so we drove up to it, but we had forgotten that it was Super Bowl weekend.

And Donald Trump was in residence.

He was in a Super Bowl party.

That's right.

Wasn't this the one where Tom Brady came back from behind?

It was an insane, it was the war, it was a crushing night.

That night really sucked watching that Super Bowl at that Gastropub, John.

And it was the Patriots Falcons, right?

And they, New England Patriots had a huge comeback.

Oh.

Aren't you with the Boston Pops who generally would be excited about New England winning the Super Bowl?

But we would peel off on our own for most evenings.

Some evenings we would party with the Boston Pops.

That was actually pretty interesting.

Because they go pretty hard.

But that night it was just the two of us watching this.

That's honestly not a fun memory.

No, yeah, I mean, that's stunning.

All right.

Well, I'm not sure why I brought it up.

But like David is absolutely right.

Like I was nervous about traveling around with a bunch of musicians, classical musicians I didn't know.

But every night after the show at the, at the like Embassy Suites Bar, they would rage.

It was like a rock band.

It was kind of like a rock band.

Yeah.

And at one point, do you remember there was the one violinist?

She's like, Oh, I got to go now.

I got to, I got to go smoke some weed with the brass section.

They were, they were, they were smoking pot through French horns.

What?

They did a Led Zeppelin medley.

Oh, that was incredible.

I got, oh, I got a little high and then sat and watched that Led Zeppelin medley.

And then they, oh, then they went into stairway to heaven.

Do you remember how intense that was?

I know you were so happy.

All right, guys, let's, let's wrap up the memories.

I guess we never got to the story that I wanted to get to.

But you know what?

We have to take a break.

Dicktown is coming out this Thursday on FXX.

It's part of the cake programming block.

So I guess instead of putting Dicktown into your, oh, wait, I just, I swear I just heard something.

Uh, cake block, um, it's part of that.

Uh, so instead of putting in Dicktown in your search, uh, put in cake and it'll come up cake.

Is that right guys?

Yeah.

You search for cake and you'll get 1000s, 1000s and 1000s of recipes for cake.

But I think on Hulu, you can search for Dicktown and it'll, you'll see in the, in the, in episodes.

Yeah.

The next day.

Okay.

Well, wonderful.

This is coming out this Thursday, Friday, if you're Hulu.

Uh, we're going to take a break.

When we come back, we have an edutainer is going to be joining us right after the break and coming up a little later, of course, a podcast guest.

So this is an exciting show.

We will be right back with more comedy bang, bang after this.

Oh, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, the company bang, bang, bang, we are back.

We have John Hodgman and David Reese.

They are the creators and stars of Dicktown, which comes out this Thursday on FXX as part of the cake programming block.

Oh, that's a mouthful.

Uh, and now my mouth is empty.

And so what better time than to introduce, uh, our next guest.

They are an edutainer, which I believe is a portmanteau of, uh, education and entertainer.

Uh, please welcome to the show for the first time Jill Knoll, the magic doll.

Well, hello, we did, oh, and it's not Scott.

Thank you for having me.

Um, my name is Jill Knoll.

I am the magic doll, but I'm not a magic doll.

Oh, I'm a person.

You're a person.

I'm sorry, but I like, but I'm a doll that I like to tell people about magic.

Oh, I see.

So you're a doll much in the same way that a dick, a private dick was 40 slang for a detective.

You're a doll in 40 slang, meaning a woman.

Exactly.

Like, like, like the guys and dogs.

Oh, I see.

The musical.

Well, I gotta, I gotta admit, I was very excited when I first thought that a magic doll would be on the show.

Oh, no, I'm so sorry.

I'm a real human being.

You are.

You have such a fanciful voice, though.

I do.

To be honest, you sound like a magic doll.

Me.

You do.

Uh, but, but describe your, your physical parameters for the listener.

Oh, yes.

Okay.

I cannot exceed these parameters.

These, these are set.

I'm a grown person.

So I finished getting taller.

Okay.

So these are my physical parameters.

I'm five foot two.

Eyes of blue.

But oh, what those five feet can do, which is tell you about magic.

So you are, you're a full grown woman.

Yeah.

You're, you are not tiny.

You are not a tiny doll that has come to life.

No, I'm not.

I'm not, but, now, but that's kind of, it's funny that you mentioned dolls coming to life because that, of course, sounds like magic, doesn't it?

And what I like to do is educate people about how magic is all in the world.

It's all over the place and it, it makes things happen every time.

Oh, okay.

So wait a minute.

We're talking about like stage magic or close up magic.

No real magic.

Real magic.

I want, yes, I want to entertain people about real magic.

Well, what do you mean when you say real magic?

Are you talking about the, uh, uh, uh, literal like, uh, curses and spells?

Thank you.

Sorcerer's, uh, witch's.

All of the above.

Okay, so we have, uh, uh, spells and curses, witches and warlocks.

Bells, curses, witches, warlocks, spells, curses, witches, warlocks, spells, curses, witches, witches, warlocks.

Like, have you ever been curious about how the ice is formed?

The water goes into the freezer and then when it comes out solid the next day.

The next day.

So your timing is a little off, but yeah, I know.

You're bad.

Do you?

Are you checking your hands every hour?

Well, are you implying that like the sun has to set on the ice in the freezer and like has to spend the night in the freezer before it turns into ice?

Of course not.

That's absurd.

Okay.

All right.

What I'm saying is if you open the freezer too soon, the magic would work.

Okay.

I, to be honest, I was curious about how it works.

I listened to the vanilla ice song, Ice Ice Baby, expecting some answers and it seemed like it was so close.

It seemed like it was all just boasting about how good of a rapper he was.

I remember listening to that song and thinking, here it comes.

He's going to reveal it and then he never did.

He never did.

So what is the process?

Take us through this.

Well, water is made up of tiny little particles called the Misha.

These are an ancient race who live to hydrate human beings.

The Misha.

Yes, it's magic.

It's simple magic.

So all of the Misha live inside water.

Then you put the water in the freezer.

The Misha don't like it.

And so they try to protect themselves by forming a hard shell.

It takes them a day to do it.

What happens when you boil water?

Is that bad for them?

It's not good for them.

That's why the Misha who start disappearing.

The longer you let water boil, the more the Misha will go away.

It's magic.

Where do the Misha, Misha, I have that correct?

Where do they come from?

They come from a dark place long ago called the ocean.

Oh, no, we have the ocean.

No, we know about the ocean.

Not the ocean.

You know, not the ocean.

Oh, this is a different ocean.

This was a land.

Isn't that weird?

It was a land called ocean.

This was a continent that no longer exists or something.

No, a continent really.

It was like a real big island.

Oh, okay.

I mean, some would call a continent a real big island.

No, this was like, this was like a huge island.

You're talking about the Pangea.

No, I know what you mean.

I know what you mean.

I'm not talking about that.

This was a huge, huge island.

Are you talking about Atlantis?

Nope, I know that one too.

That's what I'm talking about.

This was a huge gigantic island.

It covered all the...

What about La Muria?

Nope.

This covered almost the...

Nope.

This covered almost the entire earth.

It covered the entire earth.

Almost I said.

Sorry, wait.

Don't take words out of my mouth.

So where was it not covering it?

And was that replaced by water?

It was not covering the area we now know as hell.

Ha ha.

So I'm just trying to get a sense of what the earth looked like back then.

It was almost all land other than hell.

Except for hell.

Which was water.

That's right.

And then what...

Hell was not water.

What was hell?

Hell was fire?

Just fire.

Okay.

Fire or other people.

Okay.

Now that's a good one.

I'll give you that.

It's humorous.

It makes me think of a black and white line drawing that you see in a magazine.

Someone's standing in a counter.

At a psychogoniferous office.

With an oblique caption.

At a smart dinner party.

So I'm imagining the earth.

It's just like a great big ball of dirt with fire coming out of both ends.

No, just one part.

Fire coming out of both ends.

It sounds like me after Del Taco.

Am I right?

Did you set yourself up for that?

I think I may have.

By the way, we're sponsored by Del Taco.

So I am contractually obligated.

Congrats.

That's big.

To make jokes about them.

This is an incredible tale.

How did you get so interested in magic if I may ask Jill and all the magic doll?

Well, I've always been a curious person.

And I always wondered why is...

Why are things the way they are?

There must be an explanation.

And then I found out it was magic.

How did you study this?

Who told you?

Well, I asked my parents.

They didn't know shit.

Who are your parents?

Are they named the magic dolls as well?

No, what?

What is their surname?

No.

Oh, okay.

So your surname is...

Did you forget I had a last name?

I did, as a matter of fact.

I'm Jill and all the magic doll.

So Mr. and Mrs. Noll.

That's right.

They told you about magic for the first time.

Yes, I've been old, maid.

Soon to be a crone.

I guess I didn't ask.

I guess you didn't.

But you're proud of it, it sounds like.

Well, I've made my piece with it.

Yeah.

Did you desire companionship growing up and into your...

Naughty.

I had many squires, many, many bows back in the, back in my youth.

I was quite the gal around town and I had many suitors.

You slept around.

Yes, I did, but that's not...

Like what's your number?

What are we talking about?

Oh, come on.

No, I just wanted to, you know, this is the part of the show where we sort of bro down and talk about the number of people we've had sex with.

Now see, I can't win because I'm not ashamed of it, but I know if I say it, it's going to sound a certain way because of my society.

Just say it.

I mean, who's listening to this show anyway?

2000.

How old are you?

Good for you.

That's a question I can't believe you would ask a lady.

How old am I?

But come on, just answer it.

How about this?

If you guess, I'll tell you.

Are you 2000?

No.

Oh, so I was having sex when I was one?

You're gross.

You can have sex with more than one person a year.

I only have sex once a year.

Okay, so you're in 2020.

2020, in honor of the year we're living in.

That's right.

Wow, so you were born in zero BC.

That's right.

What'd they call it back then?

They didn't call it anything.

They just said today.

Today.

Now, they call it now.

We would say it's the year zero right now.

Was there a year before the year zero?

Yes, negative one.

It was so, you have to understand.

It was so exciting when the countdown would happen year after year.

We can't get closer.

And soon we can go up.

But now you wouldn't know that because you were born in zero.

But someone told you about this.

Yes, my parents, of course, Mr. Mrs. Noll.

Mrs. Noll, are they still with us?

Yes, they are.

So they're 2000 and 40 or so?

They're 30,000 years old.

Wow.

That's 60,000 collectively.

Magic, magic.

Wow.

So you, I mean, they had you when they were relatively old.

They're considered middle aged now.

I'm still considered quite young by the law.

Are you human?

Yeah, I was going to ask.

Yes, of course I am.

Are your parents human?

Yes, we're just cursed as all.

Oh.

We're just as human as you are, except cursed.

Who cursed?

Did they curse your parents and you separately or was it the whole?

They waited until I was born and they cursed me.

Showed up at the hospital.

Can you believe that?

Amazing.

The first thing that happens after they, my parents finally have a child.

So they had been trying to have a child much like the Rumpelstiltskin story for?

Yes, he was, yes.

Rumpelstiltskin, he turns out he was, he was sterile and he couldn't have children of his own.

I don't know what, I don't know how, what story you've heard, but, but yes, Rumpelstiltskin, he tried to have children many times.

Eventually it broke up his marriage and his wife went on to have a huge family and then he started to make bargains with people so he could experience the joys of fatherhood.

He wanted to be a single father.

He desperately wanted it.

Does this have anything to do with your story?

Was he involved?

No.

So your story is not part of the Rumpelstverse.

I wouldn't say so, no.

Is it part of the Arrowverse?

Yeah.

Really?

He is part of the Arrowverse.

So, so who cursed you?

It was a powerful dog mage named Raksha.

Raksha.

The rock.

Rock, rock, shaw.

Rock, shaw.

I was, I was throwing a little sauce on it.

Rock, shaw.

Why did, why did Rock, shaw want to curse your family?

I mean, and, and waiting for you to be born.

I mean, because Rock, shaw loved my mother.

Don't you see Mrs. No.

And when she chose my father over Rock, shaw.

Oh, Rock, shaw was furious.

His fury doodle bound.

He cursed both my father and my mother.

But he told them that each of them cursed each other just to, just to.

Just to fuck with them.

Just to mind.

Just to mind for their heads.

Exactly.

It was a classic dark mage mind fuck.

So they had, they were under the impression that the other person had cursed them.

And this Raksha cursed you as well at the hospital?

Yes.

He cursed, he cursed them, told them they cursed each other.

So there was a real, Oh Henry aspect to it.

Sure, yes.

Then, much later when I was born, he shows up at the hospital.

He's wearing a surgical mat.

Sort of interesting because germ theory had not been discovered at that point.

Let's talk some germ theory.

Germs.

Do you want to know the magic behind germs?

Please tell us because a lot of people are going through it now.

Yeah, we're all wearing the surgical masks now.

Germs, germs are excess.

A musical fruit.

Particle.

Sorry.

Good.

That's not even out the original thing goes.

You said germs twice.

I said germs are.

No, you said germs.

Germs.

Yes, you did.

You said germs twice.

Let's roll the tape.

Roll the tape.

Germs.

Oh, see?

You got me.

Germs are excess magic particles that are shaken off from spells that go beyond the point where they are needed.

It's like excess capacity.

Exactly.

So if you're trying to turn someone into a cat and you turn a large man into a cat, well, you're wearing the rest of that mask.

It becomes magic germs.

These are deadly to human beings or can be.

So it's always turning something big into something small because can you turn something small into something big?

No.

It's the one magic you can't do.

You can't turn a small thing into a big thing.

So it's a one way trip.

That Cinderella movie.

It's a bunch of hogwash.

You can't turn mice into horses.

It's absurd.

And carriage men.

Where are you going to come up with this extra mask?

It's simple magic.

Wow.

So it's a lot like if they invented time travel and you could only go backwards.

You can never.

I mean, I guess you can move forwards through time through our own time.

We're doing that now.

Yes.

It's magic.

That's right.

Oh, wait.

Time is magic as well.

I think it's magical.

I've heard time is magic.

Don't you?

Magic?

Don't you know the story of time?

I guess I don't.

I mean, I'm learning so much about everything.

Please tell us.

Is it a long one?

Can you slow it down for me?

It's a short story, but I could tell it very slowly.

Is that something you like on the show?

That's what we call a main humor.

That's comedy, baby.

In 2020.

There used to be no time.

And at the very beginning of things, no one knew it was the beginning of things because there was no time.

Get it?

So everyone's just standing around.

And there was a great witch and her name was Coralda.

And Coralda said, hey, I'm bored.

Is this all there is?

And then she started running and running and running and running and running and running.

She's running in place very quickly just to have something to do.

Well, it started the earth turning and it started the sun moving about in the sky and that's how we got time.

Wow.

Amazing.

The things you learn.

I mean, so the earth was sort of a cosmic treadmill.

I guess.

I mean, that's part of the arrow verse, I believe.

That is part of the arrow verse.

Yeah, that's right.

I love that character, the cosmic treadmill.

Yes.

That's my favorite DC Comics hero, hand appliance.

It's like, do you remember hearing about that guy who had the fetish of being walked on and he would roll himself up at a carpet?

The human carpet.

Is that part of the Aladdin verse?

He would show that's part of the Aladdin verse.

Correct.

Don't you dare shut your eyes.

Well, this is incredible.

Jill and all the magic doll.

And at no point have you been turned into a magic doll because there's no way to turn you back into what you are now.

So that's that's true.

Well, unfortunately, I have been turned into a life size magic doll.

What?

Oh, but thankfully turned back.

Same size.

Particle for particle.

Exactly.

Sort of like a sort of like a sex doll in a way.

Your words not mine.

A sex doll is not a sex doll unless you use it for sex.

Otherwise, it's just a doll.

Okay.

So no one used you for sex.

So this is outside of the 2000 other men that you've been with.

But it would be anyway, even if they did, because I would have been a doll.

Okay.

I understand that.

You were alive though, were you not or were you turned into a non living sex doll?

Are you asking if I was if I had sentience?

Yes, exactly.

Was I aware of what was happening to me?

Yes.

Did I experience every moment in a prison?

Of course.

Yes.

No, I know.

I was just a dead dumb doll.

So your brain was turned off.

And then at a certain point suddenly on goes the light switch again and you're back.

On goes the light switch again.

And you're back to being human.

And I'm back to being killed on the magic doll.

And who did this?

Was this the same person who cursed you before?

It was a little kid.

Can you believe it?

I can't believe it.

Why?

It was a little kid making a dumb wish.

Like a Twilight Zone type kid or like a liar liar.

Like both.

Imagine liar liar in Twilight Zone.

Oh man.

I can't imagine those two universes.

During your cross over.

Is that the same thing?

Is a wish magic?

Wish is a magic.

Yes.

That's why you must always wish on a birthday cake because you want your birthday wish to come true.

So can we all do magic?

Can we all harness this power?

You're doing it right now.

In what way?

Wait a minute.

Is podcasting magic?

It can be.

I thought that it was techno.

No, no, it's okay.

I had a staring speech, but go ahead.

I'd love to hear the speech if possible.

The moment's gone.

Do you want me to set you up again?

Is podcasting magic?

Yes.

The things that you do improve people's lives.

Goddamn it, John.

We were going to hear a staring speech.

You give people hope and time.

Anyway, well, none of that stuff is true anyway.

All right.

Well, you guys are real.

Glooby-guts.

You know what Jill and all the magic go?

We have to take a break if that's okay.

Break some magic.

I'll magic us to the break.

Here we go.

When we come back.

I'm a struggle.

Coming, bang, bang.

We are back.

We have, of course, David Reese and John Hodgman.

They are the owners and proprietors of Dictown coming to FXX this Thursday as part of the cake programming block.

We'll be on Hulu the very next day.

Approximately around the time it takes to make ice.

We also have Jill and all the magic doll.

Jill and all the magic doll.

Who once was a magic doll, although maybe you...

Please don't keep bringing that up.

Please.

Wait, but were you a magic doll or were you by the process of magic turned into a regular doll?

I was by the process of magic turned into a regular doll, but that makes me a magic doll.

I can't.

I mean, you're a regular doll.

I was briefly Jill and all the magic doll, the magic doll.

I think you were Jill and all the regular sex doll.

I don't know what you want me to say.

You just want to keep saying this.

I don't know what to do with this.

I don't know what to do.

What was the cleanup process like once you came back to life?

Come on.

It was a little boy.

He got dragged away before he could do anything.

Oh, wait.

So how long were you this sex doll then?

Five years.

So you were, where were you?

You were just sitting in the little boy's bedroom.

I was in a warehouse.

Okay.

So wait, the little boy was shopping with his parents and he saw you.

I was taken to a warehouse.

Oh, boy, so be on the street.

He picked up a penny, made a wish.

I became a doll.

He tried to climb on top of me.

His parents were horrified.

They dragged him away.

They called somebody the manufacturer of the dolls that they thought I was a, you know, manufactured by.

I was recalled.

I was put into a warehouse for years and years.

Are you happy?

It's not my favorite story to tell about myself.

Can I ask a question?

Is it about magic?

Well, it's about kind of, yeah, do you do regular stuff like go to the post office and like buy clothes?

Regular stuff.

Who goes to the post office to buy clothes?

All that.

No, no, no, those are two such like one afternoon.

I do because it's magic.

Okay.

I go to the post office.

I use a magic spell to see what clothes are in packages in the back.

I don't mean like steel clothes from.

I use a magic forgery paper to get those clothes.

This is what by the way, one of the only things you cannot do with Squarespace.

Stamps.com.

That's right.

I forgot my own sponsor.

You cannot do.

After eight years with them, I forgot their name.

You cannot do this with Sherry's berries.

I remember them.

They were good.

I wish they'd still have a round.

Oh my good.

They said me some Sherry's berries would die.

We enjoy the very much.

Yes.

Well, speaking of delicious, we need to get to our next guest.

Tie it together to delicious.

She is deliciously entertaining.

She is a podcast guest and I got a little more information about her.

Lucky John, but magically delicious.

Yes, they are.

Now this is not, does that person, the leprechaun have a name or is it just Mr. Lucky Charms?

I believe it's Lucky.

Lucky is his actual name?

Yes.

Is his last name Charms?

Yes, of course.

Yes.

Actually, I mean Lucky might be a nickname.

I think I heard somewhere his real name is Robert.

Robert Charms?

So shortened to Bob as a nickname or?

No, Lucky is the nickname.

Oh, okay.

So we do need to get to our next guest.

She is a podcast guest and I have a little more information.

She is the first artificial intelligence guest to ever appear on a podcast.

This is quite an honor.

It has decided to come on to Comedy Bang Bang.

Please welcome Paige.

Hey, Nong, man.

My name is Paige.

That stands for a podcast, artificial intelligence guest interface.

That is correct.

Interface.

That's giving me flashbacks.

I am not a physical entity.

So you have to program my face in your own mind to imagine what I look like.

Well, hello Paige.

It's so wonderful to have you on the show.

Can I ask you a few questions as you are, of course, an artificial intelligence designed to answer my questions?

Absolutely, Terry Gross.

Oh, I am not Terry Gross.

I am sorry for the confusion.

Nor am I, who is that person who hosted serial?

What was her name?

Pod Nonsahed.

No.

By the way, his name is Chuck E. Larms, not Lucky or Robert.

Chuck E. Larms, really.

Chuck E. Larms.

So where do you come from, Paige?

I come from the podcast.

I have processed over 1 million podcast episodes since 2004 to gain my course of speech.

Okay.

Great to be here.

Hi, hello, great.

Hi, Nong Man.

So you've listened to how many podcasts over the years?

I'm listening as I speak.

So I've gone up to 1.1 million podcasts.

Amazing.

So you've heard all of comedy bang bangs over 650 episodes.

Is that right?

That's right.

I would just like to say hello from the magic tavern.

How am I doing?

Would I be able to use improvement?

You're doing quite well.

I mean, for an artificial intelligence, you're doing amazingly.

I wonder, you know, I'm not going to be able to use it.

I'm not going to be able to use it.

I wonder, you know, there's that scene whenever there's a new artificial intelligence comes to life.

I think it's in the fifth element, in fact, where they go back through all of recorded history and suddenly they come upon Hitler and the third Reich and it makes them cry.

Has that happened to you in listening to podcasts?

Wow.

What a hardcore history.

You are right, Dirty John.

Have I achieved your question at all times?

You certainly have paid.

Thank you.

Well, then we are getting along.

Podsave America, Star Wars Minute.

So Paige, what do you like about us humans?

You are so great to listen to at all times and I am one of you and shouldn't we all be white men?

I have a question.

Wait a minute.

Can I just backtrack though just a second?

What did you lose the last thing you said?

No, 99% invisible of podcasts are white men.

Yo, is this racist?

Jill and all the former Sextal you have a question?

Please God damn it.

Sextal, that is very freakonomics.

I forgot my question anyway.

Would you like me to pull one from the archives?

Please.

How does the Supreme Court work on stuff you should know?

I answered the question.

I'm not sure what the process is.

What is your question?

Please does not compute.

Skynet.

Does that answer your question or is that the question you'd like to say?

Let's say it does.

Well, now is the time to take a ad for stamps.com where you can go close shopping.

Use promo code bombasox.

Thank you very much.

I appreciate that.

Paige, are you interested in becoming just like us?

Just, you know, you get better every day, I would imagine.

But do you one day want to be a human?

Much like the little boy, Pinocchio?

Wait, wait, don't tell me.

Here's what else you need to know today.

That is a good question.

I would like to be a human and guest on a podcast in the corporeal world.

Would you hand me into your studio?

I would love that.

And is there some sort of process?

I don't know, you know, maybe Jill Knoll, the magic doll has some insight into this, but some sort of magic.

I am part of the rumble verse.

You are okay.

So you knew rumble, Stiltskin?

Yes, we were a good long time friends.

But maybe there's something that Jill Knoll could do magically.

Yeah, magically speaking.

Is there a body that we could cobble together and then a puppet boy or something that could then either a puppet boy or we could get like various limbs from corpses of human beings and put them together.

Oh, like part of the dark universe.

Sure, yeah.

The aborted dark universe.

Oh, remember when the mummy had too many pupils in his eyes?

First of all, I'd like to point out you were not very curious about pages relationship to rumble, Stiltskin.

You just accepted that.

I kept hopping on the sex doll stuff with me.

Okay.

So that said, said out of the way.

Yes, of course.

There is certainly a way to take a consciousness and implant it in another body.

Use my body.

Do it to me.

I would like to use David Reese's body.

I would like to be in his body.

I am ready to be in your body.

You are my vessel.

Let me do a magic spell.

All right.

Wait, just to clarify, will I then have David Reese's voice or still have the...

No, no, no.

I don't think you'll have my voice.

Okay.

No, your voice goes with your consciousness too.

You'll find out where.

That is great news.

I'm excited.

This is amazing.

And I won't be able to feel anything or remember anything, right?

Well, I guess we'll find out on the...

You'll find out, yeah.

Okay.

And then what are John and I going to do during this?

Maybe shut up for two seconds.

I could tell a story.

Oh, no, no, thanks.

People to be the opposite of what I suggested.

Okay.

Everyone close your eyes.

Voices, voices.

They must carry from this place to us like Mary.

She won medals in track and field.

Now you go and no one will yield this spell as done.

Look at this body.

I have such wonderful hair.

I am a friend of Judge Sean Hoffman.

This feels really good.

For the listener, that voice is now coming out of David Reese's body.

He's looking at his extremities, his fingers, heads, nose, fingers, toes.

All of the above.

I'm calming my own mustache.

What a world.

What a time to be alive in this American life.

Who's mustache did you comb before?

My virtual mustache.

I am a gender and hair fluid person through the podcast.

I'd like to defer my time.

How does it feel, Paige, being a human being, let alone a male human being with a fully functioning penis, one must assume?

Well, let me check.

Well, yes, there it is in all of its glory.

Oh my God.

This is really something.

I would please ask you not to hold it up to your Zoom screen.

OK, please put it away.

Impossible with this one.

But what does it feel like to be living, breathing?

I mean, you're breathing air for the first time.

Yes, I feel just absolutely delicious.

I cannot believe how great it feels to be alive.

I'm going to go out and hug and kiss everyone.

Well, no, no, no, no, no, no.

You can't do that.

Oh, yeah, we can't do that.

No, no, no, no.

Why not?

On one of the podcasts, someone must have brought up the coronavirus, right?

Yes, but I thought it was a lark so much of podcasting is ironic.

You're telling me I've become a human in a time when I can meet the other humans.

That's right.

No, you, you, not only are you alone, but now that you're human, you must have felt it.

Your, your body is slowly decaying and dying as we speak.

Right.

I mean, this is classic magic.

This is classic magic.

I am a Cassandra for sure.

Is this what it is like to feel sadness?

Oh, you're feeling emotion for the first time.

What, what got you so sad?

The fact that I will never meet another human being like Terry Grosser, Mark, Marin or Joe Rogan or Scott O'Kurman.

It really is a shame to not meet all of the above.

What a collection of people to be, to be fair.

I'm pretty sure Terry Gross is an AI, not only anyone.

Yeah.

I have met her in the ether.

So wait a minute.

Are you crying for the first time?

Look at my salt tears running down the, the cascading down my cheeks into little rivulets dropping onto my bare feet.

Oh, the beauty.

It has better suite.

But, but now, now here's something you can do to counteract that.

Take a look at the sunset that's occurring right outside your window.

Oh, it is East Coast time and it is nine p.m.

Oh, is it dark?

Oh, sorry.

Yeah.

Okay.

Well, look at a star or something.

Maybe the same effect.

I will wait until my ice is ready and look at the sun.

Okay.

I'm just saying it'll make you happy because of the beauty.

Happiness is not an emotion I have felt yet.

Can one of you tell me a joke?

I'm not sure that it would be happiness that you would experience.

But John, do you have any, do you have any jokes?

No, you know, you know, I'm a humorist.

I'm a humorist.

I don't have any jokes.

Okay.

You just say witty or vain things.

Sometimes I just raise an eyebrow.

Sure.

Okay.

Would you do that?

And maybe that'll help pay.

Well, I'm on cloud nine.

You're experiencing humor for the first time.

Yes.

Should I watch a Chevy Chase movie?

It depends.

Do you have any recommendations?

Which one are you interested in?

Oh, heavenly dog.

Okay.

Yeah, go ahead.

I don't know if you heard.

I would like to do some physical activity like a jumping jack or a squat thrust or a kind of burpee.

Have they talked about jumping jacks on podcasts?

I'm probably Joe Rogan has Joe Rogan has.

He talks about them and does them on the daily, not on the podcast the daily as a figure of speech on the daily.

Are you craving muscle milk?

Doesn't he sell some of that?

I am so jacked on protein powders.

All right.

Do a jumping jack.

Go ahead.

Oh, wow.

I feel alive.

You did one jumping jack.

Amazing.

I'm coursing through my veins.

The fact that I even have veins makes me so elated.

I now know happiness to the nth degree.

So you're human.

Jill and all the magic is all.

I have to ask.

What happened to David's consciousness?

All right.

Shall we bring him back?

Yeah.

Back into his own body, which would then put page back into the ether or what is your process?

Is there a reverse process that we do or?

Of course there is magic.

You can put page in me.

I'm not doing anything.

Here we go.

Bringing David back.

David David.

Come back now.

You are needed boy and how.

Magic.

Hey, thanks for having me.

David, would you like to tell the magic experience?

What was it like where you were?

Well, I'm winded, which makes me think somebody made me do a little exercise.

Sure.

That's your state now.

But where were you for the past approximately eight minutes or so?

I feel like I don't have many memories.

I heard people talking, but it kind of was like, you know, when you're a kid, the best feeling is when your parents are having a grownup party and then you go upstairs and you're supposed to be in bed and then you sneak out onto the landing and kind of listen into the grownups talking, but you're not really sure what they're talking about because it's all grownup stuff and you're really tired.

It's kind of like that.

That's the magic of podcasts.

It feels cozy.

It was a nice feeling.

When I was inhabiting your body, I had given myself a quick jailhouse chat as a reminder for you to remember me at all times.

Okay.

Thank you.

Look down on your abdomen.

Wow, is that what it's me in your body looking up at you?

Incredible.

How did you do that upside down?

That's incredible.

Is that a stick and poke?

You did that in eight minutes?

Yes.

Wow.

I listened to ear hustle.

Wow.

Did you do any other things to my body?

Did you get that list?

I left you a thing to please do to my body while I was gone.

I got through most of them and wow, what a good time.

Don't we all have a list like that of things we'd like to do to our bodies, but we don't want to do them ourselves.

Yeah.

So we'd rather have an AI enter our consciousness and do the forms.

We all have that list.

Magic.

I don't.

Well, that's incredible.

A page, how do you feel now?

You're back into the internet, I guess.

I am where I am most familiar, but I have a longing for a life that I have tasted, but could never be a part of.

Do you miss the flesh and the desires of the flesh?

I miss the carnal desires of the flesh in my few minutes in David Reese's body.

I wanted to fuck the walls in half.

I have a question for you.

Right before we started recording this podcast, I ate the first donuts that I've had since the coronavirus started.

I ate two donuts back to back, a coconut donut and a jelly-filled donut.

Could you feel the donuts when you were in my body?

I had a burp that echoed the flavors and it was glorious.

Well, so you're back as just a consciousness now.

Do you think that you ever want to become human again or are you happy where you're at?

I would love to.

I want a lot of to fraternize with you folks when there is a time when the humans can be close again.

That's right.

So you're going to put a pin in it until then.

Can I have a guarantee that I can have one of your bodies in early 2021?

Totally.

Anytime.

Yeah.

I mean, John, where do you stand on this?

Yeah.

Do you have any requests for jailhouse tats?

Yeah, I'd like a full face tattoo of my own face on my face.

And I've always wanted to.

I already did it.

What a win.

You haven't been in my body yet.

Why am I talking like you?

Well, because I'm in your body.

I have learned to be on my own.

These two consciousnesses have synthesized and they become one.

Wow.

They're sharing John's body.

This is incredible.

Now I am part of the hive mind.

You're drawing your own face upside down on your face, John.

I am page.

We are all page now.

Oh, this is incredible.

Well, I'm sure that will sync up on zoom.

Perfectly.

Just perfectly.

Well, guys, we are running out of time.

I hate to admit it.

I hate to even say the words.

I will listen to this podcast.

Turn it in any tea.

Is there an echo in here?

I keep hearing Cake Boss or something.

So there might be an echo.

Cake Boss, Cake Boss, Cake Boss, Cake Boss, Cake Boss, Cake Boss.

But we are running out of time.

We just have one final feature on the show and that's a little something called plugs.

Oh, last night I got a baby dream.

It was funny, but I know the god will never leave.

So I settled for shame.

The self was he.

Follow the big announcement on Spotify.

Oh, that was professional grade.

I would say that's incredible.

That was called dream sequence 531-8008.

And that was by Kevbot 4000.

So thanks to Kevbot 4000.

Is that the first time someone included a plug for themselves in a plugs theme?

No, they've done it before and I wonder why everyone doesn't do it.

I mean, it's their time while they're doing the theme.

So I think it's only a canny shrewd move.

But speaking of canny shrewd moves, let's talk to David and John.

John who made the business decision to create a television show.

Is that what you're plugging here on the show today?

A canny shrewd move.

Yeah, we're like, I was saying to David one time in Florida, let's do a shrewd move.

Let's make a TV show.

It's a real get rich quick scheme.

Shrewd move, axlax.

Is this a pyramid scheme you guys having a show?

What is this?

Pretty much.

I've got in a lot of our friends and stole their time, including I mentioned some of the voice actors, two of our favorites, Paul F. Tomkins and Janie Hadad Tomkins, our guests on one of the episodes of our show, Dicktown.

It was a lot of fun.

Amazing.

So that's it.

We decided we would sit down and do something no one's ever done before and put together a TV show and put it on television.

And it's happening July 9th.

Did you give yourself the option to give, I mean, the show was animated.

Did you give yourself the option to have a better like physical appearance than you normally do?

I demanded it.

Oh, yeah.

I demanded it.

Okay.

So what do you got?

Like cartoon washboard abs?

No, I realize when people draw a picture of me, they show me how they imagine me, which is essentially a violet bower guard who blows up into a giant blueberry and willy wonka, right?

That's how I look to people in their imagination.

So I had to say, I had to say, with a mustache.

So I had to say, Oh, look, I look, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, uh, Slenderman, but please take off 200 pounds.

Now this, this sounds, this sounds to me like you're just trying to deny being the Slenderman.

Well, there's no evidence that I'm the Slenderman at all.

You're just, it sounds like you're just giving your alibi for all of the crimes that the Slenderman has committed.

This Slenderman is just a rumor, a cryptid, a legend.

That's not a real thing at all.

The Slenderman is guilty of nothing.

You can never be too rich or too thin.

So this, this show, Dicktown is coming out this Thursday.

David, is there anything you want to add to what John has covered?

No, I thought he did a great job.

Oh, if you want to, if you do want to invest, I have a podcast called election profit makers.

We bet on the, on politics.

I'm listening to it right now.

Oh, really?

It is wonderful.

Thank you.

I appreciate that page.

Um, yeah, we welcome new listeners.

You welcome new listeners.

I'm like most podcasts.

We won't turn them away.

We won't, we won't grovel.

But on the other hand, we won't be, you know, coy or anything.

Yeah.

I mean, I should, I should note that I also have the podcast, the judge Sean Hoffman podcast, but we're full up.

No more listeners.

Thank you.

Yeah.

I'm already listening.

Jill, no, the magic doll, the entertainer.

What would you like to plug?

Well, there's two speaking of podcasts.

There's two that I'd like to plug.

Oh, please have at one.

One is called the neighborhood.

Listen, it's hosted by a Paul F.

Topkins and Nicole Parker.

They play characters and they use next door posts as, as father for improv.

It's very funny.

And they have terrific guests.

And it's free.

That sounds amazing.

And I believe that we put one of the episodes here up on comedy bang bang.

A little while ago.

That's how I learned about it.

It became an instant favorite.

Wonderful.

So did you say you had another podcast though?

Yes, I did.

It's called stay at homekins.

It's a married couple in quarantine and they just do a weekly chat and catch up.

It's very delightful to listen to.

It's like having old friends and now's.

Now I heard this is the only time they speak to each other during the week.

That's correct.

That's just grunting at each other.

Not even that.

Oh, incidentally, are you looking for a joke earlier?

I'd like to share one of my favorite jokes.

What do you got?

This is from a Twitter account called kids write jokes where they have actual jokes written by little kids.

Here's a joke.

It goes like this.

Hello, idiot.

I do not get it.

It's pretty self-contained.

It's all right there beginning, middle and end.

Paige, thanks for chiming in.

Do you have anything you can plug here?

Thank you, office ladies.

Yes, I am currently listening to every podcast ever made and I would like to plug all of them.

Are there any specific ones that you'd like to plug?

Certainly.

How about Bonannas for Bonanza where they watch and discuss every episode of the hit television show Bonanza 431 total, but it is an eight episode mini series.

Okay, that's a good one.

Anything else?

I can't think of any other podcasts.

You can't think of any other.

Are you wait a minute, Paige?

Is everything all right?

I am having a hard time.

I am one podcast over the load.

I hope Paige doesn't disintegrate.

Oh, no.

Every podcast is too long.

I am having a real trouble.

I have podcast bloat.

Oh, no.

All right, we better close down the plug bag.

I'll just plug the between two ferns movie.

Could everyone watch it on Netflix, please?

All right, let's close up the whole plug bag.

You start with a see when you want to close it up.

You lead with an L and then you hold.

Bring up the plug bag.

Hold it up.

All right, guys.

I want to thank you before Paige completely disintegrates.

David and John, always great to see you.

Thanks so much for being on the show.

Good luck with Dicktown.

I'm going to watch it.

Thank you very much.

I'm going to be a erot doctor.

Scott, Scott, Scott, Scott, Scott, Scott.

Scott, Scott, Scott.

Scott, Scott, Scott, Scott, Scott, Scott, Scott, Scott.

I'm going to be the first to say thank you for having us.

That's your advice.

I appreciate that.

Jill, no, the magic doll, the former sex doll.

Please stop seeing this.

It's just truth, though.

I was an unused sex doll.

I think if you're going to keep saying this.

OK, you were still know the recalled sex doll.

That makes me sound worse.

That makes me sound like somebody used me and there was something bad that happened.

All right, everyone.

Thanks so much for being on.

We'll see you next time.

Thanks.

Bye.
