---
layout: page
title: 664. Langston Kerman, Heidi Gardner, Zac Oyama [https：⧸⧸cloudfront.wolfpub.io⧸CBB-664-20200706-KermanGaradnerOyama-ACv03-PW.mp3].mp3.wav
category: cbb 
---

♪♪ Teamwork makes the dream work, and dreamwork makes the meme twerk, and meme twerk makes the cream jerk welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

Mmm.

Thanks to Space Jamming, Space Jamming!

For that wonderful catchphrase submission, thank you so much to Space Jamming.

If you have a catchphrase submission, I don't know what to tell you.

You could try to get it on air.

I would say one out of every thousand to get on the air, but Space Jamming got theirs on the air today.

And welcome to Comedy Bang Bang for another edition.

This is, I believe, if my calculations are correct, and I put this through sort of a Goodwill hunting Blackboard scenario last night, but I believe it's the second week of July.

And we hump month, we are certainly in hump month, and if I need to reiterate exactly what that is, it is, of course, Wednesday is hump day in a week, so July would be hump month in a year.

And this is the year where everyone just basically has sex, the entire month.

And our guests are certainly amongst the lucky few who are having sex all month, I would imagine, although that might be my first question to them.

Who knows, if they're having sex, while the actual podcast is going.

By the way, my name is Scott Ockermann, I haven't brought that up yet, and I am the host of Comedy Bang Bang.

We have a wonderful show.

Coming up a little later, we have a musician, and we also have a, I guess, an engineer is what I would call them.

So a musician and an engineer, I mean, normally an engineer records a musician, so maybe they have a lot of common ground there.

But first, we turn to the world of entertainment.

Or at least, edutainment, I'm not quite sure.

He's our old friend, he has been on the show, I don't, I want to say many times, but he's holding up one finger, which I don't know if he's saying, wait, don't tell me, which is a totally different podcast.

No, wait, we'll need a minute to calculate all the times.

But he's a friend of mine, at least, for a little longer than he's been a guest on the podcast.

He is, of course, Scott, his credits are too long to even name here.

You have insecure, right?

You were a hot boyfriend on insecure.

Oh, yeah.

So hot that you blinded my wife to the fact that it was you, where she argued with me saying, that's not Langston because...

She denied that that could possibly be me because of the hot sexual energy.

Just the energy, the BDE coming off the screen.

She just thought it could not be you.

Yeah.

He was a writer on the Oscars, the year that I wrote on the Oscars.

And the time we had...

Yes, he did a failed pilot with me many years ago, which shall remain nameless.

But he's a wonderful stand-up comedian, and we'll talk about his current projects.

I don't know why I wanted to say current projects, but I almost did.

And he has a new podcast called My Mama Told Me, which comes out next month.

Anywhere podcasts are sold, I guess.

If you're buying podcasts, by the way.

Ah, I guess some people could buy some of their full models.

They're fools.

These things are free.

It just goes on the internet and downloads them, like the rest of us.

Exactly.

He loves to call his audience idiots.

You know him, of course, as Langston Kerman.

Hello Langston.

Yeah.

Hello.

Thanks.

Two.

Hold up two fingers now.

Two fingers.

We made it.

Welcome back to the show.

Always a pleasure to say welcome back to the show to a turning guest.

So, I'm turning guest.

How...

Look, you're one of America's greatest stand-up comedians.

No one can deny that.

No one...

I'm listening.

Dara, your ears are burning.

That's all sounds familiar.

Sure.

Let's make it past the bio and get into the meat and potatoes of this conversation.

Meat and potatoes.

Let's get down to brass tacks here.

What are we going to talk about here?

We...

Look, you're a hilarious guy, but unfortunately, there is no touring happening right there.

Although, I guess there are comedians touring out there, but they're all getting COVID.

Yeah, I think they're like making a bad choice for all of us permanently, but...

Sure.

I guess those people...

Those people in Nebraska needed jokes and you had to give it to them, so...

Yeah, go tour, I guess.

So, you're not out there doing this then?

I'm not out there.

You're saying home.

You seem to be in a room with at least two hats...

Actually, three hats in the room because you're wearing one, but there...

That's right.

Thank you for knowing things.

You're a two hats right behind you.

It's great that you pick up on the little clues.

I have been confined to the second room in our home where my wife keeps all her shit, and this is some of the shit in the background.

So, unlike the movie Room, which by all accounts is about a woman having a grand old time with her son in a room somewhere...

You have two rooms...

Just a fun game of hide and seek where...

You know, a woman and her son play it out.

Sure.

You have two rooms in your house, which is half a Quentin Tarantino, is it not?

That is correct.

He had a movie called Four Rooms.

Did he? Sure.

I've never heard of that.

Well, it was an anthology movie.

He directed approximately 25% of it.

How many feet?

That's the big question.

That's how many square feet?

How many feet of film did he waste on that project?

So, you are confined to your house.

I know your significant other has banished you to the second room, which is apparently a hat room and has some sort of metallic water bottle in it as well next to the television.

This is allowed...

This is for me for my drinking pleasure.

Okay.

So, you fill up a water bowl right after you put the pet in the cage.

This is...

She lets me get my water and she sends me away.

So, that came with you then.

That's right. That's not exclusive to the room.

Much like the two hats in the television.

Now, those, they can't move.

Those are the rules she says.

She yells it at me.

She's a lot louder when she says it, but that specifically is her whole thing.

I'm just getting a corner of that television, by the way.

What kind of making model is that?

Oh, buddy, we're talking about a...

God, I wish you could move that camera.

That's why I can see the whole thing.

Visio.

Is that a...

I don't know if that's the point.

I believe it's pronounced a Viscio.

Viscio.

No, I have no idea.

I just, if you're ever in wondering how to pronounce something, just put a French flair on it.

I like that.

That's a good instinct.

But speaking of French flair, Langston, you have a certain Genesee Qua, which people love to experience.

How is it being essentially alone for the past three, four months?

I don't know how long you've been quarantining.

Maybe it's only been a week for you.

Oh, I went in day one and I haven't come out since.

It's been...

Yeah, everyone went in day one.

What is day one to you is what I'm asking.

I've been in quarantine in my heart this whole time.

Sure, yeah.

But what was it?

Not that difficult for me, by the way.

I've been practicing for quarantining my whole life.

You've been training.

We've all felt it.

What have you been going...

March 19th is what you say?

I think that's when.

Let's compare it now.

I think that's when.

When America told us, or it's certainly the mayor of our sweet town.

I will say the last time I saw people was March 16th, but I took it seriously March 18th.

Okay.

So like March 17th, I was a little like, yeah, this might not be so bad.

And then the 18th, I was like, I started reading the stories and saying, I do not want to get this.

We're not leaving.

Guys, I don't think this is worth it.

I don't think we should hang out anymore.

So what do you...

I mean, you're relatively newly married, is that right?

That's right.

When I did the show last time, I was unwed.

I was a bachelor.

Well, take me to paradise.

In paradise.

But now, I'm married.

What can be a bachelor and a fiance at the same time?

Is that possible?

I don't know the rules about these things.

But now you're a husband.

And then suddenly quarantine happens.

How has it been for a newly wed?

Kind of negotiating your space.

Oh boy.

It's been fine.

It's been just fine.

This is recorded, is it not?

It's been a fantastic experience.

I grow closer to her every day.

There's no reason for her to suspect that I'm saying bad things about her on the internet.

Is she just to the left out of the brain?

Yeah, she's cracking her knuckles and swinging a chain.

How does she do both?

She's an artist.

She has an incredible dexterity.

No quarantine quarantine has been, it's been okay.

I've been talking to my sister, I have a younger sister who is a nine year old.

Oh really?

She's gonna be 10 soon.

And she's been watching...

That's usually how it goes, sure.

Yep.

You know how.

Eventually 11, one would imagine.

We'll hope.

What is the age difference between you?

Because if I had to guess your age and weight, which were I to be employed at a carnival?

Sure.

If they ever come back, and I pray carnivals come back soon.

But if I were employed to guess your age and weight, I would say age, let's see, we did the Oscars three years ago and you were a young upstart.

Four years ago.

Four years ago, and you were always trying to get a word in edgewise.

You're always like, look at me, you had something to prove.

I was so scrappy.

I would say that you're on the good side of 30, so 31.

Ah, you're a generous man.

Oh really?

Are you older than 33?

33, Laage de Crease.

And you, again, put a French pronunciation on it.

And you weight wise, I mean, you're wonderfully built with that BDE that we talked about from insecure.

So I would guess in the 180, something like that, 185.

Now you're hurting my feelings.

I'm 165.

165.

What is your secret, my gal?

Oh, I hate myself.

You gotta hate yourself at the core.

Then you'll get down to your dream, Lee.

Hasn't helped me.

But so what an incredible difference in ages.

Almost, I hate to say, may December when it doesn't come to romance, but when it comes to siblings.

But a 23 year difference?

What was going on with, I don't know whose sexual genitals were involved, either both of your parents or your mother or your father?

Unfortunately, it was my mom's, Scott.

It was my mom's genitals involved with a gentleman who is my sister's father and not mine.

We all have four siblings.

We all have different parents.

It's a fun mix.

It's sort of the saddest version of the Brady Bunch.

If they don't all live in the house together and have an architect for a father.

Do they all, are they all your mothers?

Or is it like two and two, like Chuck Willard?

Thank you for asking.

Sure.

It's two, three of us are from my mom.

Okay.

So I'm from my mom and my dad.

It checks out.

And then my two younger sisters are 10 years and 11 years younger than I am.

And therefore my mom and her second mayor.

She had a busy year.

Oh, busy year.

Barely had time to rest before she tore it up.

I'm in.

Honey, I hate to wake you.

They keep trying to pull me away, but I'm going back in.

And then your father had another one.

Yes, that's right.

Okay. And then the baby came along much later.

So you've been talking to the 10 year old almost exclusively during this quarantine.

Yes, she's putting out good stuff.

I'm liking what she's doing.

What does she have to?

What do you mean she's putting out good stuff?

She watches a lot of TikTok.

She's been tracking TikTok and learning about conspiracy theory on TikTok.

And apparently, Chuck E. Cheese is kidnapping children.

And so she updates me pretty regularly on the kids that are being kidnapped by the animatronic robots at TikTok.

Oh, dear.

Okay, so this kind of ties into your podcast, which is coming up.

Is it not?

It does.

I did a little preliminary research and I found out that you're, I may have just asked you right before we started, but I found out that your podcast has to do with black conspiracy theories.

What exactly are those?

That is just black people saying the same stuff that white people say, but with a different perspective on account of slavery.

Oh, so what, so are they generally widely known conspiracy theories like who shot JFK or?

That's more y'all.

That's a, that's more of a y'all thing.

That stuff we care about.

We don't really give a fuck who shot him.

Sure.

Martin Luther King's more, aren't they?

Okay, okay.

Let me see if I can, yeah.

Martin Luther King, Tupac, Tupac, is that?

No, I think the, the fun of the podcast is really just playing in all of those spaces.

It can be as extreme as who shot JFK and it can be as minor as like, why is it illegal to have the light on in your car when you're driving?

Which it actually isn't, but all your parents told you it is for you.

Yeah, they told me how dangerous it was and how illegal and you'd get pulled over and no, but I mean, that said you can get pulled over for anything.

Obviously. Sure.

And we'll talk about that too on the podcast.

And that's not a conspiracy theory.

Yeah.

So is the Chuck E. Cheese one and exclusively black conspiracy theories that just relegated to TikTok and your, your sister?

No, I think it's just anybody who would, who would venture on TikTok and believe the people who are saying animatronic robots wake up at midnight in steel bay.

At the stroke of midnight.

At the stroke of midnight, the Chuck E. Cheese and his pizza time band.

They all come to light, well, they wake up.

They wake up.

They've been alive.

They're alive the entire time.

Okay, let's really nail this down.

They're alive the entire time, but they're playing along.

You know, they're doing their job from, from basically, you know, the early parts of the morning, I assume until 11.59 p.m.

But what, so they're asleep then?

Like what, I'm worried they're not getting enough sleep because if as far as I know, Chuck E. Cheese is a nighttime Emporium as well.

Right.

Shutting, shutting down approximately, I would say 10 p.m. at most locations, maybe nine.

Yeah. So are they only getting three hours of sleep or what exactly?

It sounds like it.

They're not getting a lot of rest.

Although I will say that as a regular Chuck E. Cheese experiencer, a person who regularly goes to Chuck E. Cheese, they can take a lot of it.

Okay, I don't know whether you want to say that, by the way.

Oh, buddy.

I'll look on the podcast.

Buddy, if I could say louder, I would.

I'll scream it from the mountaintops if I have to.

I, they, they take a lot of breaks.

They rest a lot.

So you, are they sleeping during those breaks?

They are. They'll, they'll do a song and then they'll take like a 10 minute break and then they'll do another song and.

And this is due to their nocturnal activities of kidnapping children.

That's right.

So they're, they're taking micro-naps.

Yes. During the day, during their day job, essentially, in order to facilitate this nighttime activity of kidnapping and it's exclusively children according to your sister?

That's right.

It's, it's, they've now kidnapped five children and they.

Oh five.

Five of them have been, have gone missing and the animatronic robots are responsible.

And how do they know because they found fingerprints on the windows of Chuck E. Cheese children's fingerprints unrelated to all the other children who are at Chuck E. Cheese.

Who are gazing in the window longingly?

Right.

I wish I could be in there.

I wish those robots would kidnap me.

I just, I want to be in there.

This does, I mean, you know what, if you had told me when I was growing up that Chuck E. Cheese might kidnap me and take me back to Chuck E. Cheese where I could live, I would be very excited.

Of all the kidnappings, it's, it's got to be in your top five.

Sure, sure.

Well, Godspeed to your sister and I hope that she finds the help that she needs.

Why, why are you not talking to the 11 year old?

Oh, there's no 11 year old.

Oh wait.

Who's called the older ones?

Oh, they're, they're pieces of shit.

Oh, they're fine.

They're okay.

My brother works at UPS.

He's doing his best.

Oh, I thought you were going to say UPN when I was getting very excited.

He's riding on Eve.

You remember the show Eve?

Of course.

What, where is Eve?

I was wondering this the other day.

Like Eve was, she's a billionaire now.

Well, how?

Oh, that's right.

She married well.

She married into a, into like royalty essentially.

Who did she marry again?

Do I remember?

Like some, some weird.

This guy named Adam?

Yeah, some weird European guy who like, he likes, is Swedish or something and just has a billion.

Oh, that's weird.

You're right.

Yeah, I hate it.

So she, okay, so she started out as a part of the Rough Riders crew.

She started out as a stripper.

Oh, well, sure.

Everyone starts out as a stripper.

You will.

Before they get into whatever avenue of entertainment they get into.

It's like that evolution chart.

You, you start off stripper and then you crawl into.

It's no different than any of us really, but she, but in, in terms of entertainment, she, she started out with DMX on the Rough Riders crew.

That's right.

And then someone said to her, hey, you know, you, you have a lot of, I guess swag or, or a sex appeal.

What if we gave you a, make a friend?

Jenna's like, wow.

Aloo or, what if we gave you a sitcom and this, and this is what happens to a lot of music stars and a lot of hip hop stars.

They, they love to diversify, which is great, but someone offers them a sitcom and they go, yeah, that'll be great.

I'll diversify and do a sitcom, thinking that it'll be really easy.

And then they drop off the map for years, which I think it happened to Redmond maybe too.

And it's just like, because it's so hard making a sitcom.

It's actually a lot more work than just getting high and saying your words out loud.

Right. And so she just kind of disappeared.

And I heard one of her songs the other day and I was like, what's Eve up to?

But I, but now that you mentioned it, yes, she married the billionaire.

So she's doing okay.

She was doing okay.

And I think she's on that daytime talk show with Sharon Osborn.

Yeah.

It's okay.

Which I...

So I think we were...

If I was a billionaire...

And I don't know that you're not Langston, you have a two room house, maybe you are a billionaire.

But would you work on a show with Sharon Osborn during the day?

Oh boy, thank you for, oh man, this is a tough question because it doesn't matter what the show is, it could be the talk or whatever it is.

Right.

Well, I'll say this.

I personally blame Azia Osborn for the COVID virus.

He bit off ahead of a bat far before any of these people that they're claiming a bat.

He's patient zero.

So in that way, I feel like I'm supporting a cause that I don't like supporting.

But Sharon's pretty funny.

She seems charming enough, a little bit of a...

You've been trapped in house for too long.

Have you been watching the talk every day?

She seems like a nice lady to talk to and I like her take on Black Lives Matter.

So yeah, Sharon Osborn.

She's an ally.

She's an ally in other words.

Well, Langston, I think the Azia Osborn being patient zero of COVID-19 is fits right in with your podcast.

My mama told me about black conspiracy theories.

I don't know whether that's a black conspiracy theory because you said it or...

It is now.

I'm still not sure.

I'm not sure what constitutes a black conspiracy theory whether a cast would fall.

Black people are making stuff up.

It can happen anywhere.

You're seeing it live, Scott.

And this comes out next month.

That's right.

People can get it wherever podcasts are.

And do you have guests on it and talk about it?

Or is it just pure unadulterated Langston Kerman?

Oh no, nobody wants to hear me for an hour.

We have guests.

We have great guests that come on and it's friends and experts and we'll even talk maybe to my sister and my barber and whoever I can get to.

Have you cut your hair by the way during this?

I've made my wife cut my hair multiple times.

You made your wife.

How about you asked your wife politely too?

Not in my America, Scott.

I tell her, lady, get in here.

No, she very kindly has watched some YouTube videos.

Oh, that's so nice.

You watch a video to do it.

My wife stayed away from mine.

I had to do it myself.

Oh boy.

I finally took the plunge and I kept kind of going like, it'll be fun to have long hair for three months.

But as it turned into four and so on, it was just like, let's get some clippers.

Well, they don't tell you that when you grow your hair long, it doesn't come in gorgeous right away.

You know what I mean?

Like it's not even.

It doesn't come in the way that like, it's, you don't turn into Fabio immediately.

It just sort of turns into a mess.

So I'm wondering what's going on up there.

Oh, you could show me a little bit.

You can't, do you have a fade or what exactly?

You don't have to take it off.

What's going on up there?

It's shorter.

It used to be longer.

I had a big, I had very long hair.

That's the very definition of a haircut.

Thank you.

You get it.

You've been watching some YouTube videos.

Sure, I sure have.

What?

YouTube, what is a haircut?

It has no voice recognition.

So I don't know why I'm talking to you.

YouTube, show me haircut.

Do you have to show me haircut?

This is a t-shirt.

Langston, we've hit on the next comedy, Ben Bingham.

Oh, fuck yeah.

YouTube, show me haircut.

Show me haircut.

Well, speaking of guests and you have guests on your show, we do need to get to our next guest, if that's all right.

Langston Kerman is here and this is exciting because Langston, are you a fan of music?

I love music.

You know all the notes between dough and dough.

Yeah, yeah.

List them off if you could.

Dough.

And then there's Ray.

I know Ray is in there.

What an Oscar for Good Old Jimmy Fox.

Yeah.

And then he followed it with that movie about the plane that could talk.

That was pretty cool too.

The plane that could talk.

You remember he was in a real fast jet.

Yeah, that he got that tattoo on the back of his head.

That he probably works great.

This gets crazier and crap.

Hold on.

I'm going to introduce her to his second.

We got it.

We got to unravel this.

He was making this up.

Is it animated?

No, it's a live action.

Live action movie about a plane who could talk and he got a tattoo on the back of his head?

Yeah, he got a permanent tattoo on the back of his head so that he could be a fighter pilot in this movie with Jessica Beale, I think.

Okay.

All right, we don't have time for that.

And I, you know, Scott, I've given you all the information you need.

Mr. Policeman, you gave me all the clues.

But I don't have time to talk about that.

I don't have time to talk about the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles on this episode that we turned into a Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles podcast.

I don't know if you knew that in between the left.

You got married in between your last appearance and we turned into a Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles podcast.

So if you have any thoughts, keep on yourself for right now.

You do have thoughts?

I'll keep on me.

Put a pin in those when we come back afterwards after we take our next break, which is not coming up.

I'll check in with you about your thoughts about the turtles, if that's all right.

But we do need to get to our next guest.

Well, she's a musician and she does all of those notes from dough to dough, including the aforementioned Ray.

Please welcome to the show Erica.

Hello.

Scott, hi.

Hi.

Erica, so nice to meet you as we talked about.

And you don't have a last name I'm noticing.

Is that sort of like other un-sernamed musicians, i.e. Prince, Madonna?

I'm trying to think of anyone current.

Jim.

Langston, you're 33.

Eve.

Eve, like Eve.

Eve.

Thank you.

Yeah.

I'm going to try it.

Okay, Langston, you keep me honest.

If I ever make another reference that a 33 year old doesn't get.

If it's beyond me, I'm calling you out.

Call me out.

Okay, I need this.

I need the youth vote for this podcast.

Erica, how old of a woman are you, if I may ask?

96 years.

You have a beautiful voice, even as you say your own age.

Thank you so much, Langston.

I appreciate that.

What kind of a singer are you, Erica, if I may ask?

What genre do you sing in?

Well, I'm so happy and glad and appreciated that you asked.

I do.

So I sing other songs, but they're not quite covers.

I think they're what?

No, what other like other people's songs.

Others songs.

I see. I'm sorry.

I thought you just had other songs.

No, we hadn't talked about the first song that you sang.

So yeah, no, I take other people's their songs, but and I take their melodies and that, but I tweak them.

I make them better and I add a little of my own flavor and.

Oh, okay.

So you tweak the melodies or you tweak the lyrics or what do you what do you actually do?

A little of both.

I feel like I stay a lot on melody, but I tweak lyrics and then I go back to some of the ones I had and it just kind of do my own other songs.

Their work is inspiration, which a lot of musicians do these days.

You know, you see a lot of music interpolation of, you know, this song was based on this song.

And so, so can you give us an example of of something that you've sung?

Yes.

So are you familiar with this song as smoking in the boys' room since you're all boys?

I don't think you have to be a boy to remember smoking in the boys room, but Langston, is what do we add with the cut off of 33?

For me personally, I, it doesn't ring a bell, but I'm happy to hear it out.

I'm sure.

Can I ask you Langston, does the band Motley Crew ring out?

Oh, I know Motley Crew.

What do you know about Motley Crew?

Listen, every fact you know, they were unwashed physically, but they, they seemed like a hell of a guy's and Tommy Lee is in there.

Yeah.

Okay.

I knew it.

Would it surprise you to know that in their autobiography, the dirt, there's a story about a man you mentioned, Aussie Osborne, snorting up ants as if they were cocaine.

Wow.

And what did that do for him?

I don't, I guess nothing because eventually Ada Batton started this whole virus.

It made him talk real weird and yell at his wife.

Okay.

Yeah.

So a smoking in the boys room was, I believe it was a cover that Motley Crew did, but they, they popularized it certainly.

And so yes, Erica, I am familiar with smoking in the boys room.

Okay.

Here it goes.

We're smoking in the boys room.

Absolutely smoking in the boys room.

Truly outrageously smoking in the boys room.

Radically practically smoking in the boys room.

The boys are in the boys room.

Justin's here.

Michael showed up smoking and they smoking in the boys room.

Eric got here.

We're going to clear out of the boys room.

We're not smoking in the boys room.

No one's in the boys room.

Absolutely no one's in the boys room.

Wow.

Thank you.

Oh my God.

Let's break it down.

Oh my God.

Thank you.

Oh my God.

Thank you.

Oh my God.

Thank you.

Oh my God.

Thank you.

Oh my God.

Thank you.

Oh my God.

Thank you.

Oh my God.

Thank you.

Oh my God.

Thank you.

Oh my God.

Thank you.

And then it made a hard right turn into listing names of boys who were in the boys room and the times that they would arrive.

Michael was coming.

I remember that.

Michael was on his way.

Eric just got here.

Oh my God.

I do think the twist that Langston is talking about is for a song called Smokin in the Boys Room, the last verse is about how there is no one smoking in the boys room because everyone left the boys room.

Eric was just barely there.

And then you just immediately cleared out the boys room.

Do people not like Eric or what exactly happened in this scenario?

You know, I think Eric went in and I think he lit up and I think he had like a previous condition with his lungs and I think he started coughing and ran to the water fountain and I think the other guys went to help him and you know, everybody left.

And so.

I like a song.

Sorry.

This song means a lot to you.

You seem to be getting very emotional.

Yeah, I had a lot of male family members who smoked and quit and smoked again and they started a support group smokers in the family.

And so I'm just kind of thinking about them right now.

Oh my gosh, did any of them pass away from lung cancer or anything like that?

No, they're like those types that can just smoke six packs a day eat McDonald's and they're run a mile and you know, one's got a gold medal.

They're good guys.

I promise.

That's kind of an Olympics gold medal.

Yeah.

Speed skating.

One mile?

Speed skating.

Oh, okay.

Yeah.

So then why are you so upset about the fact that they tried to quit smoking if it's had no effects on it?

Well, you know, it's like any time you're addicted to something and you try to quit and it's so hard, you know, and that's hard.

And then when you pick it back up, you know, you feel better.

And so I'm just feeling for them in the times where they quit and it was hard.

But you appreciate the times that they started smoking again because they felt better.

Yeah, let the boys smoke in the boys room, you know, if this is such a hard subject for you, why pick this song smoking in the boys room?

Well, you know, I sing my truth.

Mm.

So you saw this happen?

You were in this boys room?

I was look, I was peering in from one of those little holes that are usually in a boys room, but I had made a hole in my sky.

One of the holes that are usually a boys room.

Three year old, that's not okay anymore.

Yeah.

I'll say that.

When you say holes that are in a boys room, do you mean like the movie Porky's?

A Langston, do you know the movie Porky's by the way?

Is that part of it?

You've heard of it.

So I'm going to bring it up.

But they drilled holes into through their own boys room into the women's shower room and peered inside.

Were you were you doing a reverse Porky's?

Yes.

I got me.

Cuts me guilty.

Cuts me.

You might have to.

That's illegal.

That is illegal.

Yeah.

But it's not if you're peering at your boy oring, peering on family.

It's not.

Oh, wait.

So these were your brothers and your uncles.

This was in your house or?

Yeah.

So I had a my room was connected to the boys bathroom because we had gender assignment in our household.

And so I made I took my daddy's drill.

I'm a power tool girl and I am to the whole so I could watch in the boys room my uncles.

Okay.

I like that because that part makes you feel relatable in a way that I didn't know that I wanted it to you before.

But you're a power tools girl.

Yeah, you're a power tool.

Yeah.

I guess what I'm not relating to necessarily is why did your uncles and brothers that everyone feel like they had to smoke inside the restroom of your own house, just taking it outside.

Because all the ants didn't want smoke around.

So they had a, you know, they couldn't smoke in the backyard and they couldn't smoke in the living room because all the ants were, you know, saying that's bad, you know, you say your eye out.

When you say answer, you're talking about your parents' sisters or are you talking about literal ants?

Some of that Aussie Osborne cocaine.

Yeah.

No, the actual ants.

Actual.

I'm still not clear.

I'm sorry.

You're gonna have to like, you know, like ants with bodies.

You know, I still don't know.

You're gonna have to be more specific.

And so long and so on.

No.

Okay.

That does not narrow it down for me.

Fine.

The kind that carry the kind that carry catch up.

Oh, okay.

I get it now.

All right.

Well, I don't think that we're ever going to get an answer to this.

Look, you know what, Erica, we have to take a break if you don't mind.

But can you stick around?

Because I want to hear some more of your music if that's okay.

Yeah.

You seem so honored and flattered that what did you think was going to happen when you did the show?

You know, you never know how it's going to go in life.

You never know if you're going to, you know, get praised, yelled at, or, you know, I didn't know.

I had no idea what you were going to say.

And you guys love me.

And I love you guys.

I don't know that I would go that far.

But, you know, we do have to take a break.

And Langston, you can stick around as well.

I hope here.

When we come back, we're going to have a kind of an engineer, or at least a department head.

I'm not quite sure how to describe what he does.

But we're also going to have Erica, the musician and Langston Kerman.

We'll be right back.

More comedy bang, bang after this.

Comedy bang, bang, we're back.

We have Langston Kerman.

My mama told me is the podcast, which apparently is coming out in a month.

Are you sure you don't want to rush release this now that you're getting the big CBB bump?

And this would be the perfect time to turn it around just next day.

Let's release it.

Yeah.

Beyond style.

Yeah.

Surprise.

It's midnight in the podcast.

You didn't know existed is out.

And yet?

Not.

I don't think I'm going to do that.

Okay.

All right.

Well, coming out next month, we also have Erica, who's a musician, and who I'm going to ask you to sing another song here in a second.

But first, I want to turn to Langston before we get to our next guest, whose department head Langston.

You mentioned you had thoughts on the teenage mutant Ninja Turtles.

What hit me?

What do you got?

Oh, they're just I've been thinking about it a lot.

And Donatello, as I've gotten older is my favorite.

He's a purple one.

He uses a turtle.

Yes.

He's a turtle.

He uses a both staff for self defense and or does.

Yeah.

It's a big long staff.

And as a child, I thought he was lame because he's he's into computers and machine Scott.

But as a staff, a machine.

No, he he he's the tech guy.

He's the tech.

He was sort of like the 18 members.

Okay.

Right.

Okay.

I know the 18 members.

You have, of course, Hannibal, who loves it when a plan comes together.

There you have Mr. T. is afraid to go on to planes.

Right.

You have that's a space man.

I'll sure you have a face man who you would think would be the master of disguise.

But instead he's just handsome.

Michael Angelo.

Oh, okay.

I'll take your word for it.

And then we also have Murdoch, who's crazy.

Oh, no, that's more Michelangelo.

And then the face man is probably Donatello.

Yeah, this is gibberish to me.

I have no idea what you're talking about right now.

Well, the point is they're beautiful boys who well, turtle boys who are someone is going to connect to that piece of audio to you talking about going to Chuck E. Cheese all the time.

And I don't want to see it happen.

This guy knows a weird amount of stuff about kids stuff.

Yeah.

No, I I'm a big fan of the turtles.

They were my favorite growing up.

You're on record talking about the turtles here on the teenager.

Mutant Ninja Turtles podcast here.

So Erica, I have to turn to you.

Any teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles connection here?

You're a 26 year old woman.

I know that they love pizza and I love that about that.

Oh, really?

Yeah.

I knew they ate pizza.

I didn't know they loved pizza.

I'm really.

Show the turtles love pizza and we all know it.

You know what?

I'm going to ask you to sing, but I'm going to tease it because we do need to get to our next guest.

She is the head of gadgets here at the comedy podcast network Earwolf.

Please welcome to the show Douglas Speaker.

Hi, Scott.

Thank you for having me on the air.

It's some credible honor to be in your presence today.

It's just no problem.

I mean, technically we're on zoom here.

We're communicating via the internet, but I appreciate you appreciating being on the show.

How long have you worked at Earwolf?

I've been here for about four to five months, not not too long, but I rose quite quickly because of my attitude for technology.

Oh, congratulations.

So you're a regular Langston.

You got to help me out.

Which turtle?

Oh, if he's tech, he's Donatello all the way.

I would have to agree.

I resonate hard with Donatello.

He also loves gadgets and you know, in the podcasting world, I think we often use our microphones and our sound mixers and things like that.

But I think you'll discover that the ones I put in front of you, I've made a few improvements to you.

You sent me some some audio equipment here that I'm speaking into right now.

Explain exactly what it is.

What Oh, yes.

Well, in front of you is the the goalkeeper PR four zero XLR mic and it's got dynamic sound.

It's got a steel casing.

And if you push the on off button three times, it will be a grappling hook that you can make a swift escape with.

Oh, really?

This on off button here?

If I push it three times?

Three times.

Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.

Hey, take it easy.

Hold on.

I didn't press it.

Do you mean three times consecutively or just three times ever?

Well, that's a good point.

I guess I haven't got.

So wait, I I I received it and I plugged it in and it was on.

Yes.

So I pressed it.

I turned it.

Okay.

So you pressed it once and then I just left it on.

So I have not pressed it three times at this point.

Yes.

I've not pressed it two times.

I've just left it on.

So if I press it time, if I press it two more times, then it's going to it's going to rock it out with the force of, I don't know, a car going 60 miles an hour.

Wow.

And maybe shoot through the ceiling.

Okay, but it's not pointed at the ceiling.

It's pointed on my mouth.

Yeah.

So you're going to want to move it in your mouth in that in that case.

Mm hmm.

So, so, you know, it's it's it's disguised and that's the chief action is that you don't want people to know you have a grappling hook.

Why would you why why would I need something like this?

Why would you make something like this?

Well, I would assume that I don't know it wouldn't be surprising to me if you were some sort of secret agent.

I wouldn't be surprised by that.

And so I want to give you the tools that you can use to get out of a situation.

Say you're you're interviewing some sort of dictator and you need to get out of there after you get the intel you need.

Why would you even think that I'm a secret agent?

Look, I mean, you're the head of a company that feels like I you know, you talked to so many different people.

Wait, wait, wait, so these are your parameters for secret agents.

Yes, of course.

Heads of companies and people who talk to other people.

Yes, I was like Batman to me.

Yeah, Batman, the ultimate secret agent in my secret agent.

It's not really secret.

I mean, he is secretive, I guess.

He's secretive.

He's all superheroes are secret agents.

I can imagine the first time that he got any kind of press of like, you know, shadowy bat figure foils crime.

He was maybe a little upset.

And then someone had to say Batman, look, all press is good press.

Right.

He's like, learn my learn my name.

Like he wanted more specific attention.

Put the hyphen in between the bad at man.

So I just assumed.

Yeah.

Did we ask for a head of gadgets here at the show?

It seems like all we want is an engineer or a tech guy or but yes.

Actually I am a, I'm head of, I guess, craft services and keeping the kitchen stocked.

We have.

Wait a minute.

We're paying for a person to be in charge of craft services.

Yes.

There's a waste of money.

We're not even in the office anymore.

I'm overflowing with snacks in there.

But they should all keep and while I'm using on my free time to upgrade your equipment.

Okay.

So you're not making any audio improvements to the equipment.

You're just turning them into weapons or tools to fight crime with.

Yeah, Scott, can you imagine you're in a situation where you're surrounded by, I don't know, a mad scientist and all of his goons.

They have lasers pointed at you.

How many goons?

I would say 20 to 30 goons.

They're all in wetsuits for some reason.

And then wait a minute.

That's scary.

Is this a mad scientist who's aqua themed?

He sort of has an underwater base, I imagine.

Oh, okay.

Yeah.

So when they're traveling to and from, he doesn't have some sort of jet propulsion underwater sea vehicle that they all have to swim or maybe it only seats one.

It may be seats one and I'm imagining it's amphibious.

So he could drive right off the highway right into the ocean.

Oh, sure.

So it's sort of like those duck boats in Seattle.

Is that what you're trying to say?

Yeah, like a big tourist duck boat, but made for one man.

Who is crazy.

Sure.

And is he narrating the henchmen?

Don't get to go on the boat with him.

I think that's above their pay grid.

Maybe that would be too expensive for all the henchmen to have that.

What are the, what is the difference between goons and henchmen?

Goons and henchmen are pretty interchangeable in my mind.

I would imagine that goons.

Goons seems like more of a slam though, doesn't it?

Yeah, I imagine goons are dumber.

Dumber henchmen.

Yes.

And uglier.

Uglier.

Yeah.

That's why you as a secret agent or whatever, don't take them seriously.

Okay.

And so in this situation where there's 20 or 30 pointing lasers at you, you pull out your sound mix or they're like, oh, hold on.

Hold on.

Are there 20 or 30 guys and they all have lasers or there's 50 guys and 20 of lasers?

Oh, there's 50 guys and only 20 of them have lasers.

The other 30 are incredibly menacing.

Okay.

But they couldn't afford the lasers.

What's going on with the half flow issues?

Yeah.

And it seems like quarantine has hit us all in a different way.

I imagine even mad scientists are struggling to come up with resources for their money.

Sure.

Erica, I have to ask if you were being surrounded by 50 goons, 20 of whom have lasers.

Oh my god.

And well, that's the other thing I want to ask.

Are all 20 pointing the laser at me or you said 20 lasers pointed at me?

Do 10 other people have lasers, but they're in their pockets?

Oh, you know what?

30 have lasers and only 20 are pointing at you 10 are trying to get their lasers going.

Okay.

So can you imagine Erica situation in which 50 goons or maybe it's 49 goons and one master mastermind evil scientist?

It's a total of 50 people.

Total of 50 people.

49 goons, one mad scientist are surrounding you 30 of whom have lasers 20 of whom have been able to take it out of their pockets and flip the switch on, which hopefully they're not going to turn into grappling hooks when they press that on button.

Who knows?

But can you imagine a situation like that?

And if so, what would you sing during it?

Oh my god.

Oh, I know.

Are they in their all boys?

I'm going to have to ask Douglas Speaker.

I would assume that this mad scientist has all boys.

Okay.

So they're all boys.

Yeah.

So I would probably be the boys are back in town.

The boys are absolutely back in town.

The definitely boys in town.

And the boys are absolutely around.

And Eric is here and John, John, John, John, John, all the John's around.

And that concludes the boys.

And then yeah, I think that's the end.

Wow.

Incredible.

So I'm definitely picking up a cohesion of your style between these two songs.

You had absolutely back in town.

And then it seemed like the returning characters from the first song, your uncles, I would imagine.

You have Eric was there.

Eric, Eric showed up early.

Eric was there really this time.

And then all the John's.

There were a lot of John's this time.

No mention of Michael.

I remember Michael.

Yeah.

Where's Michael?

What happened with Michael?

Dead.

What?

Not of smoking.

We know that.

No.

How did you?

Drinking.

Drinking what?

Yeah.

Well, I mean, you don't want to know.

But I will tell you.

Just so much wine.

Really?

So meaning that he drank a lot of wine over the course of his life or just one day he drank because you can only drink so much liquid before your human body can't take it anymore.

It's one night that he just drank more wine than a human body can take.

No.

It's like when people do those water challenges and kill themselves, he did a wine one.

Yeah.

Sad story.

It's heartbreaking.

Do you have a song about that encapsulates that story?

Is there like sort of a middle part of the trilogy that we missed that talks about Michael dying?

And remember, Michael is a boy.

So if that helps.

Yeah.

The boys of summer, I can see them.

Michael's shining in the sun.

Got the wine cups out and the radio on.

I can see my uncle Mike drinking wine.

He's really taking it down and doesn't have a lot of time.

He died.

Oh, wow.

Very powerful, powerful stuff.

I noticed you, you maybe because the subject matter is so personal, but you did away with some of your, you know, if I had to criticize lyrical ticks.

Yeah.

You should criticize her song about her dead uncle.

It's got.

You should really break it down.

I guess what I'm trying to say is you switched up your style a little more where you got rid of the absolutley's and the, the definately's and you went straight to the, the meat of the matter, which was your uncle Mike who, who he goes by Mike and not Michael if he, if he to his family, I would imagine.

Yeah.

Michael, just like straight up and then uncle Mike and then Mikey to like a mister.

And full of people.

Oh, mistresses.

Oh, wait.

So Mike had a Guma.

Mm hmm.

Oh, no.

Yeah.

So he had several mistresses or he.

Um, I think it was like 11 and 12 somewhere in there.

I don't know.

You found this all out after he died or everyone knew about this.

No, I walked in on him.

I walked in on him.

And was he trying to hide it or were you walking in places you shouldn't have been walking in?

What exactly, how did this happen?

No, I was, you know, going in his room just to like check out, you know, like, Hey, you want me to make you dinner uncle Mike, you know, and again, there's another girl.

And then he would be like, Hey, just so you know, like you can always just open my door that will never happen again.

I mean, I won't be once.

I won't be making sexual with another woman the next time you come.

I know.

I'm like, and then he is.

And I'm like uncle Mike and you know, I got to know the, you know, 11 to 12 of them and they're great girls.

Okay.

Well, look, we have to take a break if that's okay.

I do want to hear more from all of you guys.

Erica, I want to hear more songs from you and more family stories because I mean, just the interesting stuff that you have to say about your family and Douglas, I want to hear about you get you dropped off a lot of equipment.

So I want to hear about this as well in Langston.

I mean, just keep being you, buddy.

We're going to come right back.

We'll be right back with more comedy, bang, bang after this.

Comedy bang, bang, we're back.

Langston Kerman is here.

My mama told me is the podcast that'll be out in about a month.

He's taking a sweet ass time with it.

And we also have Erica, who's a musician and who has a very strange family situation.

We'll be talking to her more about that.

We also have Douglas speaker and I didn't get your thoughts on the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles Douglas because you hadn't been introduced yet.

But do you have any thoughts?

Do you know what these are?

I am very familiar with the turtles and I'm a huge fan of Donatello.

He is hell yeah.

Something of a gadget guy as well.

Often his are made out of trash from the sewer and I appreciate that ingenuity.

Okay.

All right.

So good to know.

Erica, you just like them because they're out there doing it.

And the pizza element.

I just love that they're.

Have you ever eaten a pizza?

Yes.

Oh my God.

You're embarrassing me.

You sound like you're lying right now.

I don't know why you would love.

I mean, everyone's.

But the fact that you like that makes me.

I've eaten a pizza, Scott.

I've eaten the paparones.

Yes.

That's weird little detail to latch on to.

Yeah, I actually.

Like it's the only one that she knew.

I wasn't I wasn't doubting her at first.

But then the way she said pepperonis it.

Yeah.

Now with 99% she's never eaten pizza.

Yeah.

I'm crumb.

I'm crussed.

Okay.

Crust.

Yeah, that's not even the part that people would list.

Yeah, but no one even cares about the crust.

And Chicago, I guess.

Sure.

Yeah.

Pizza Hut.

Is that enough for you?

She could have seen a commercial.

You know, it's not a driven high-craft service.

I'm getting a pizza order every Friday.

We do pizza Fridays in the office right now.

Why?

No one is in there.

Douglas.

Pies.

No, there's a waste of money.

Douglas.

We do throw out a lot.

Who else is?

Who else is included in the Wii?

Who who else is?

I mean, Earwolf has a company.

It's mostly just me there working on my gadgets.

And yeah, it's about me.

Okay.

All right.

Well, Douglas, describe some of these other gadgets that you dropped off because I don't know what these things are.

I'm afraid to press the on-on button.

Yes.

Well, we got the Yeti Carbonite microphone arm.

And while it looks like a normal microphone arm to the everyday viewer, if you pull on the on button that's attached to the side, it turns into just a little bomb.

Okay.

So I have to say, at least this isn't one where you're pressing the on button.

Oh, I'm sorry, press it.

Did I say pull?

You said pull.

I didn't say press it.

It's honestly pretty.

That actually would be better if you could pull these on buttons because one doesn't normally do that with a button.

One depressing.

I mean, you could send it back and we could figure, I mean, if you really want to go through sending it back.

The bomb sitting around in my house.

Okay.

Yeah, Douglas, with the bomb, is it launching a bomb or does it just explode?

Because that just explodes.

It doesn't have any sort of rocketed trajectory.

And what is the time in between me depressing the button and it exploding?

It's between five minutes and four seconds.

That's not a good.

It's a big range of those.

That's too big of a range.

If you're next to a window, you can dive out.

Is my suggestion?

Mm.

Like a cartoon character?

I don't think I could even achieve that.

Sorry, you got that grappling gun, Scott.

I think you have all the opportunity to land safely somewhere now.

Oh, maybe.

I don't know why.

I don't need any of this, Douglas.

You know, that's some, I don't know what to say, Scott.

I really, I thought you could use it and I worked really hard on it.

Have you always been interested in weapons?

Weapons?

I mean, I'm interested in turning one thing into another thing.

Okay.

And if that happens to be a weapon or used in some sort of combative situation, I don't know.

I think that's just an application of it.

So when you say you're interested in turning one thing into another thing, do you mean like water into ice or do you mean like alchemy where it's, you know, iron into gold or like water repeats, I don't want to be original gadget.

Water.

So ice cubes are the original gadget.

Yes, of course.

I mean, mother nature makes gadgets long before we were around.

By the way, this is giving me an idea.

Langston, I want you in on this because I need you to write the entire thing.

I'll supervise ice cube as inspector gadget in a reboot.

I'm liking this.

Wow.

This is good.

Am I right?

I'm liking this a lot.

We get Eve's husband to finance this whole thing.

Oh, there it is.

That's the money.

If I could pitch something, maybe Dr. Klai's Chuck E.

Cheese.

Dr. Klai's Chuck E. Cheese.

Langston, what do we think about this?

I mean, you know, a good idea can come from anywhere.

I usually don't shut down pitches automatically, but Dr. Klai's Chuck E. Cheese.

Or do you mean Chuck E. Cheese is Dr. Klai or Dr. Klai is Chuck E. Cheese because I'm really going to have to figure out which one is which.

Interesting.

Yeah, I'm wanting to hear more.

I think we should keep talking.

Certainly.

I'm not shooting down the idea.

It seems like people don't love the idea, but I'm going to say that Dr. Klai from the C. Property Inspector Gadget is in real life.

Chuck E. Cheese.

And he's the one taking all these children.

So you're saying that in the movie, we're watching the movie and Dr. Klai, the character, is up there on the screen and takes off his costume.

Just as I don't know who Dr. Klai is.

He's petting the cat.

He was always turned around in a chair and you never saw his face.

Oh, okay.

He was sort of the original evil mastermind.

Oh, okay.

So then you're saying the chair finally turns around and we see it's Chuck E. Cheese?

We see it's Chuck E. Cheese.

Okay, Langston and I are going to have to talk about this because this is...

You take your time with it.

This is our idea 50-50 even though he's going to write the entire thing.

Yeah, 100-50 and I really...

Yeah, I don't want to rush into this, but I'm going to be honest, it just feels like he kind of threw that out there.

It feels like a hat on a hat, which is a lot like you're sitting back around right now.

Oh, wait, can...

I'll bid $200 for the idea.

Wait a minute, we have a bidder.

We got an investor.

Hold on.

Wow.

You know, I almost want to outbid her just so she doesn't use it and it's good and then says like, oh, they passed on this in the new Ice Cube Inspector Gadget movie.

I also fear if we make her a producer, she's going to add Michael or Eric into it somehow.

Well, Michael's dead, but you know, I'm afraid the whole movie is going to have to open in memory of Michael or Uncle Mike and that's going to put a bummer on the whole idea.

So I'm not quite sure.

Yeah.

I bid $300.

Okay, we've got a bidding war here here.

Erica, your thoughts?

Do I hear?

Oh, God, I don't have that.

Oh, boy.

Much money.

Well, unfortunately to the winner go the spoils and the victor.

Yay!

Two kitty.

Okay, that's less than what I bid.

Okay.

And the money's going to you.

Oh, okay.

Never mind.

Shut up and take my money as the Simpsons once said.

All right, I guess I win.

So $300.

I buy your idea.

You're not allowed to take it anywhere and I'm going to bury it and we're not going to use it, but no one else is going to use it.

So, but you know what, Erica, you could probably sing the theme song of this.

Ooh, yeah.

I mean, where do I sign?

I mean, we'll get the long form to you as soon as it's available, but do you have any sort of initial thoughts, you know, any kind of like?

Yeah, a little taste would be nice.

Yeah.

I know we're on a right track.

Chuckie Cheese is absolutely Dr. Claw.

Okay, hold on.

Hold on.

Before you go too far with this, this is going to be at the beginning of the film.

I don't know that we want to give away spoilers without at least saying spoiler alert at the top.

Mm.

My spoiler alert.

Womp, womp, womp, womp, womp.

Was that enough?

Spoiler for you.

Absolutely spoiling it for you.

I'm telling you that.

And at least spoiling it for you.

This has actually given me a different idea, a movie called spoiler alert that basically spoils all other movies that are in competition with it.

So you don't, you know, you go in to see this movie, spoiler alert, and you don't have to see any other movie and it becomes the most popular movie of all time.

I like this.

This is it.

This is amazing.

This is not bad.

I mean, Langston, you've been around writers rooms and you've put your nose to the grindstone when it comes to work processing.

Listen, this is the kind of thing you want to end your day on.

You know what I mean?

You get this idea.

Fortunately, we still have, we saw about eight hours left.

You know, you want to show up the next day and you've got a lot to work with.

So I'm liking where we're going.

This is incredible.

Let's shake.

Let's shake on it.

You guys, let's be in business forever.

I want to work with you guys so badly.

I'd rather work on a handshake deal basis with this other than Langston who I'm afraid I'm going to have to get your services locked down here with a contract.

But with the rest of you, I'm totally comfortable with a handshake basis.

Huh.

Okay.

That's a boy's club boy, baby.

You seem very fascinated with boys, Erica.

No.

I'm not.

You peering on them through a hole in the wall.

Have you ever?

Can I ask you a question?

You're 26 years old.

Have you ever been in a relationship?

That one where they wanted a second date?

Oh, you've had a lot of first dates and they haven't followed up.

No.

I'm sorry.

What is it?

Do you think that is turning them off about you?

Yeah.

What's wrong with you, Erica?

I want to get married.

Okay.

Are you expressing that too early on the first date, maybe?

Yeah.

I'm up front.

I'm absolutely up front.

Well, I'll tell you what, we have BDE Langston over here from Insecure who went on several dates with one, if not more, of the protagonists of that show.

Let's role play a date here between the two of you.

Where would the state normally take place, Erica?

My house.

Okay.

All right.

Sure.

But okay.

So Langston comes to the door.

I'm going to say Ding Dong.

I'll be the voice of the doorbell.

And at that point, I will then recede from the scene and leave the two of you at it and be merely giving tips.

And I will say Ding Dong at the count of three.

So it's going to go three to one Ding Dong, if that's okay.

So here we go.

All right.

Three.

Two.

One.

Ding Dong.

You came.

Yeah.

Hi.

So nice to meet you, Erica.

At your home.

This is lovely.

Yeah.

Can I make you dinner?

Yeah.

Okay.

I wasn't sure if we were going to go out from this, but it sounds like we're just going to hang here and eat dinner at your house.

That sounds nice.

What would you like Langston?

This kitchen stopped.

Oh.

Hey.

Okay.

Can I interrupt here just for one second?

You said the kitchen stocked like that was kind of a real feature of if you were to get into a relationship with you.

And I don't know that that's a bad thing necessarily.

Langston, I don't know.

I like this.

I like this kitchen.

Maybe a few too many options.

You sort of made it seem as if it could be anything that I've dreamt of.

And I'm not sure that you want to give that many options.

Let's get back in the scene and see what you're really craving.

Okay.

Three, two, one.

Ding dong.

Curry shrimp.

Could we do a curry shrimp?

We can absolutely do a curry shrimp.

One of my favorite things to make.

How to sit on the couch.

And I'm going to get to cooking.

There's magazines galore, Chexos out definitely.

There's new.

How did you know?

Yeah.

Oh my God.

That's one of my favorites too.

Well, check it out.

Get through it.

When you're through it, I'll probably be done in the kitchen.

Other than that, I love your looks.

I have to admit.

So just know that I'm totally from the start, very interested in you completely.

And I'm going to cook you a meal that is going to keep you forever.

I love you and I'll see you in a little bit.

Oh, okay.

Okay.

And she just walked out.

Okay.

Let's stop here.

Yeah.

First of all, first of all, I don't know that when you're doing improv scene, any of the two people should ever leave the room and leave the other person there alone.

But he had the magazines.

He had magazines, which I had to get through.

She was very clear about that.

Get through parade parade magazine.

Yeah.

So Langston, how did that make you feel when when Erica said, I love you and I want to stay with you forever?

It wasn't a turn on for me, Scott, in the words of the shark tank legends like Mark Cuban.

For me, I'm out.

That's how I felt.

And for that reason, I'm out.

That's also half of Dennis Miller's catchphrase.

Is it?

He said, I'm out of here.

Ah, I got you.

I've only known him as a bigot.

I have no idea.

You didn't know yet, catchphrase.

All right.

And then Erica, not to just ask the men what they think.

What did you think?

How did you think how that went?

I thought it was so great.

I loved the loved parade magazine.

I was already in love.

I was like, this is the guy for me.

I loved that.

True Curry is that one of your favorite meals or is that just what you're craving today or why did you say that?

I think I had it last night and we all.

Oh, did she.

Oh, really?

Did she make it for you?

Yeah.

Well, yeah, my wife did make the meal.

And I'm sorry about that, Erica.

And it was, I'm sure your shrimp curry would have been just as fine as.

Oh, don't let your wife hear that.

I did it.

Honestly, yeah, I would love to see her recipe.

And I would love to do a cook off with your wife, for your heart.

I'd love to see your recipe, Erica, because when you said shrimp curry was a lot like the way you said pizza, which led me to believe that you've never eaten anything before.

Oh, my God.

Scott, I eat.

Okay.

Last thing you ate.

Oh, my God.

Shrimp curry for sure.

Curry.

Okay.

Curry all the time.

Curry.

I don't think she's ever eaten anything.

She's not human.

I don't think.

Shrimp curry Mondays at the office.

Why?

I mean, just you're wasting her money.

Curry.

I'm eating it a lot of it.

But I think what's more important is I think that Erica might be an ant that's taken human form or might be like several ants that have all, that have all like congealed.

There's this comic book Ant Man that I was just reading that had a villain where called swarm where a bunch of bees got together and took human form.

And I think I think Erica might be in a bunch of ants that have just formed the shape of a person.

Yeah, because she doesn't really have food preferences.

She just sort of lists off things that she's heard.

Yeah.

And is this a and I have to be clear.

I'm not sure.

Is this an nefarious thing?

I think any kind of grouping of ants that presumes to take the guys of a human being has some sort of nefarious thing on its mind.

Yeah, you're not doing that.

It's hive taxes.

You got something bad up your sleeve.

Well, if it's evil, Scott, I think you should look at your second microphone.

Okay.

Why?

What does this one do?

Oh, while it also seems to pick up sound and, you know, sure, put it through.

Typical microphone behavior.

Yes.

That's not.

You don't know.

That's all that's covered.

If you press the on button, it will turn into a large micro magnifying glass.

Okay.

All right.

So who cares if you point the magnifying glass at her with the sun behind you through the internet screen?

It is that kind of gadget is it is.

Whoa.

The internet digital microphone magnifying glass.

I can save you the time.

I'm just so not all of the ants that you're talking about.

I'm not a swarm of ants.

That's just not what I am.

I just don't even I told you I'm a singer.

Yeah, that's something a bunch of ants would say.

That's exactly what a bunch of ants would say.

You don't even know, you know, like first of all, Langston, like, I don't even know why you're conversing with me.

And second of all, you have no idea what a bunch of ants would say you have.

You don't know how hard it is.

Well, you know what?

I really think she's a bunch of ants because have you noticed I thought it was her internet connection.

It keeps kind of like phasing in and out of, you know, it's like her internet is being interrupted like a glitch, but I think it's just the ants shifting around.

Right.

Like they they're not following the movements correctly.

And so it's a slight twitch in the body that is created.

Now that I pointed out, I notice it.

Now that I've spotted it, it's very apparent to me.

Sure.

You guys are just, you know, you guys are just being guys and you need to stop and this is boy, bug talk and it's, you know, childish and it's ludicrous.

And it's like, you know, it's just boys in the boys room talk and it's.

Look, I don't want to be the podcast that does, I don't want to be the podcast that does boy, bug talk.

I don't want to be hard with that brush.

Yeah, you are.

You are.

You guys are all just gadgets and bois and I'm the woman and you and I go on a date, you know, and then I get left for his wife.

It's just, it's such a bug boy culture.

Bug boy talk.

I know.

I agree.

I hate it.

I hear it now.

Now that now that I hear it, I totally hear this.

Okay.

Look, we, we, I think we're running out of time and before we get too much into more boy bug talk, we need to have time for just one final feature on the show.

And that is a little something called plugs.

Oh, it's time to open up the bag.

It's time to get your blood out.

I don't know if it takes any details.

Coming up, I should know if it'll work.

Oh, nice and short and sweet.

That was open up that pluggy by Anthony Curtis.

I wonder if it's that's the famous Tony Curtis from some like it hot, etc.

Are those references that a 33 year old gets?

I saw that movie in a film class.

It makes sense to me.

All right.

What do we plug in Langston?

Obviously you have this podcast, which is approximately 30 days away from dropping.

That's right.

My momma told me it's, it's great.

We talk about black conspiracy theories and conspiracy theories in general with black people and it's going to be really fun.

And then you could also see me on season two of the boys on September 4th.

Oh, the boy.

I mean, this is tying into Erica.

I mean, I didn't know you were in the boys.

Who do you play?

Eagle the Archer.

Yeah.

This is like, is this part of the Arrowverse?

I think he's a subsidiary.

It's good.

I'm in.

I'm definitely in.

That's amazing.

I'm looking forward to that.

And speaking of the boys, Erica, you, a person who's obsessed with the boys, do you have anything to plug here?

Just I want to plug Langston on the boys.

And then I'll be singing at Brody's tab in Tempere, Zona whenever, you know, all the bad virus stuff goes away.

Okay.

Great.

And Douglas Speaker, what do you want to plug here?

I think I want to plug Langston on the boys as well.

Wow.

You hit the trifecta.

Trifecta, baby.

And I funny improv group name yeti does shows on YouTube on Thursdays.

Is that uncomfortable at all doing improv on YouTube?

Yeah.

Over the internet.

It's worse.

It's generally worse.

It's not as fun.

It's good to be in front of a crowd, but it's still fun in some ways.

Okay.

No, I want to plug.

Well, first of all, if you're an Emmy voter, today's your last day to vote for the nominations.

And hey, I'd love it if you put in between two ferns on best short form variety show.

Why not?

And then also I just got word that the comedy bang bang TV show is being taken off Netflix again.

I know I'm singing the same old song, but apparently they took it off for one day a month ago and now they're taking it off again.

So check it out while you can and the between two ferns movie is up on Netflix as well.

All right, let's close up the old plug bag.

You're showing me I have to listen to another one right now.

You start with a she when you want to close it.

I almost successfully killed my friend.

With an L and then you.

Holy shit.

Oh, God.

No, don't open it up.

Close it forever.

Don't.

What?

Why is this part of it?

This is awful.

Shame on everyone involved.

Oh, God.

Make it stop.

Can you make it stop?

Just push a button.

I'm looking right at you.

Push the button, Fred.

He knows your butt.

Push the button.

He knows your butt.

Push the button.

All right, guys.

I want to thank you so much Langston.

It's so great to see you.

I hope your quarantine is going okay.

It's always nice to see your friendly face.

Oh, what a pleasure.

This was great.

I love you all.

I got to get into that second room of yours and try on one of those two hats.

There'll be here waiting for you and I will be too with my water.

Douglas, thank you so much for all of these gadgets.

I don't know that I need them, but just be really careful.

All right.

I definitely will.

And then of course Erica, who says she is not a collection of ants that has formed a human body says she has eaten pizza, says that the last food she ate was not sugar cubes, but instead curry shrimp.

Thank you for being a show.

Thank you.

I'm not lying.

I'm telling the truth.

I know you notice that I'm talking into this microphone, this microphone that Douglas sent to my house and I'm putting my finger.

I think suspicious going on here, but just putting my finger next to this red button that says on slash off and all it will do is turn off the microphone at the end of the show.

So no need to be alarmed.

I'm just going to, we're wrapping up the show here.

So I'm just going to depress this button here.

So you're okay with that, right, Erica?

I don't think you should press that.

Magnify glass.

Oh my God.

She broke up into tiny ants.

I knew it.

Whoa, you were right, Scott.

That is those are ants.

And now just to make sure that she never gets back into her human form, I'm going to blow her up with this bomb.

Oh, Scott, I don't think it's a digital bomb.

Grab my hook.

I'll see you next time.

No!

the bomb.

Here you go.

Oh!

You I'm going to go back to the next one.
