---
layout: page
title: 665. Jim Gaffigan, Lily Sullivan, Ego Nwodim [https：⧸⧸cloudfront.wolfpub.io⧸CBB-665-20200715-GaffiganSullivanNwodim-ACv03-PW.mp3].mp3.wav
category: cbb 
---

♪♪♪ Bottle of red, bottle of white, and that's all the blood and semen my hospital will need tonight. Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

Hmm, thank you to 2D but 2D butts for that catchphrase submission. Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang for another edition.

We have a wonderful show today. We have a singer, we have a character actor, and we have a legitimate real actor who is also a comedian.

So we are staying within the realm of show business this episode. That's all coming up a little bit later, but well, I mean, not all of it is coming up a little bit later because part of it is coming up right now.

I want to welcome our first guest to the show. He has been on the show before. I believe he was on the podcast once.

He was on the television show as well in a very funny episode.

He agrees with me. You may have heard him just say yes.

Yes.

Thank you. A little louder for the people in the back.

I am so excited to be back.

Are you back? I mean, I know you are back.

I have a back. I have a back.

You have a back. You have a neck. You have a pussy and a crack.

I have a barely a neck. I barely a neck.

Well, we'll talk about that. I do have to introduce you. He is one of the world's greatest stand-up comedians. He has so many incredible specials.

You've probably seen him in a town near you. He has a new movie in which he has a star turn as a wonderful character.

The movie is called Most Wanted and it is out this Friday on VOD.

And that stands for video on demand as far as I'm concerned.

It still does.

When do you think they'll change that?

I don't know. I mean, I think, by the way, I mean, I feel like people are really weird about just the term.

From video. It's like, I posted a video.

You didn't post a video. You posted a digital content.

I think they should. I mean, look, if the Washington Redskins can change their name, video on demand can change to content upon request, which would be CUQ, right? Like cuck.

Oh, no, that's no video either.

But he, well, let's welcome back to the show, Jim Gaffigan.

Hello, Jim. Great to see you.

Thank you for having me back.

It's a pleasure. You're one of my favorites. You know that.

Thanks, buddy. I appreciate it.

One of the best stand-up comedians to ever live thus far.

That's not even an over exaggeration. That is not.

That's not something you would say for any other comedian.

Certainly other, you know, greater stand-up comedians will live in the future.

Depending upon how much time this earth has left.

In hundreds, yeah, like if the earth wasn't going to end in 50 years, like in 200 years, there might be someone who would compete with me.

Sure.

But otherwise, not today.

No, certainly not today. Certainly not 200 years ago.

It goes Mark Twain, barely, than me.

You ever want to win one of those Mark Twain prizes?

You know what's interesting? I was talking to somebody who is super famous, who has turned down that award.

And why he turns it down is because he describes it as a bringer show.

Interesting.

He said, he goes, I'm not going to do that to my friends.

They're like, hey, here's an award.

Now you got to invite all your friends to come and say nice things about you in DC.

And I was like, wow, I never thought of it that way.

That's really interesting. So why would Mark Marin turn this down?

I mean, it seems like...

I don't know. I don't know why he would.

I would have said something about him.

No, but it is weird because I...

Yeah.

I do feel as though you want the accolades.

But it's like, by the way, it's like, I'd love to win a Peabody.

How do you win a Peabody?

That's the thing. Every year they announce the Peabodies and occasionally a friend, you know, a mutual friend of ours will get one.

And I'll be like, how... what is the nomination process?

How does this work?

Right. So it's like investigative journalism and then John Oliver.

Do you know what I mean? It's like...

So it's usually like, you're so smart.

Yeah.

That... and you've done something important.

And sometimes it's, you know, like, I think Sarah got one for her show.

Sure.

I think Amy Schumer got one.

Portlandia, maybe.

I think Portlandia, it's...

I don't know what it is.

What? How do... is it these people's publicists?

I mean, I know your publicist is listening to the show right now.

And I have to say that this person is maybe not doing, you know, the best job for you in terms of the Peabody award.

I think the Peabody is kind of like the Met Ball of award shows.

Have you been to the Met Ball?

I have not. I can only imagine that you go every year. Is that true?

I mean, they asked, can I go? And they said, too ugly.

Sure.

No.

They said, too old, too ugly, too fat.

The trifecta.

I think... I've never been one of those people that... like, I never had an expectation of being on the cover of Rolling Stone.

I never, you know, I'm so grateful.

I think you should. You should be on the cover of Rolling Stone.

You're weird.

Now you're just fucking with me.

I am not Jim. You are legitimately one of... not only one of the best stand-up comedians, but you're one of the most successful, I would say.

I mean, the things you have done, I mean, the tours, you're playing to huge crowds, not anymore.

There's nothing sexy about what I do. And that's okay. That's okay. I mean, I do have like an enormous, very long career.

But I don't... but I also understand that. Like, you know, like, whenever there's... I mean, you have done things that are like sexy cutting edge kind of thing between two firms is sexy, but I'm okay.

I'm resigned with the fact that there's nothing really sexy about me except for my huge, long career.

Why do you keep pausing after you say long and career? This is so strange.

My career has literally been... A timing issue.

It's been throbbing and it's literally bulging out of my pants.

It's just expanding and distended.

But there's nothing sexy. I mean, there's like a vein that's gonna pop, but it's like...

I do. I sometimes think I'm always... not always, but occasionally I'll say, oh gosh, I wish I could do something that one of my peers has done.

I never got a chance to be on Letterman, which you got to do. I'm not saying that you're one of my peers.

I'm just saying, I never got to be on Letterman. Some of my peers have you who are not my peer who are way more successful got to do it many times.

But then I'm also incredibly surprised when I do get to do something. I'm like, why'd they call me?

Well, I feel like you've done... It's so weird. People don't realize that when people in the entertainment business lose their mind, which is pretty much all of us.

Yeah.

They don't lose it because of too much praise. They lose it because of the inconsistency of praise.

They lose it because you better be used to gut punches because for everything that looks all shiny and rosy, there's such a consistent level of humiliation.

And I've seen it among friends. They went to an incredible college. They were the smartest person in their class. They could play every musical instrument.

And then they're like, what do you mean Comedy Central doesn't want me? And it destroys that.

And so you have to have a certain appetite for shit, I think. Excuse my French.

That is why I became offer only because just the wasting of time going to auditions. And you know, along with being offer only that comes with a lot of caveats.

I will not learn lines. I will not sign a release for the production to use my performance. But you know, I mean, it works for me. And I get a lot of work this way.

Yeah. And you'll also only work in period clothes. You're sure. And that is not like from another time period that is closed that where women have had their periods.

Yes. And you know what? And it's like, by the way, stealing those clothes from the women when they're, sure, you know, they're vulnerable. You're I mean, they're not in a great mood.

They're not thrilled when you take them. By the way, have I alienated everyone?

That's our goal here on Comedy Bang Bang. I did hear about you that the show, according to Jim, was you had to audition for that several times.

And then they go and give it to Jim Belushi.

Yeah. No, it was there were like, can you can you? And then they were like, can you make more things according to you?

No, any musical skills. And I was like, no, and they're like, King, did you have a brother that was super talented?

I was like, not really. No, no, no.

The musical skills originally was because it was called accordion to Jim accordion.

Then they changed it to Jim Belushi, who by all accounts used a bottled opinion on the set. I don't know. That's Hollywood lore. I don't know whether that's been confirmed.

It's a bog. It's about time for another blues brothers movie. We had blues brothers back in 1980 ish. And then we had those brothers 2K, which presumably would be in 2000.

Which had nothing to do with Y2K. It did not. It was different things.

I think a movie about the blues brothers being very concerned about Y2K is interesting. This is a good premise.

But I think we're ready for a blues brothers or a blues brothers.

A blues brothers is actually my castle show on Netflix. So we plugged it about a month ago. So let's give it another one.

So we could do a blues brothers 2020.

Yes. Every 20 years, a new generation of the blues brothers.

It could be about one of the blues brothers filling in for Hugh Downs on 2020.

Of course. So it's blues brothers 20 slash 20.

Yeah. And Barbara Walters would be there at show. Of course she's there. This writes itself.

I'm going to need you to write it and I'll, you know, take half the credit, but I need you to do 100% of the work.

I don't want to start a rumor here, but Barbara Walters gave me AIDS. She did what?

She did. Please don't start rumors like this. We can't have.

I mean, I can't prove it. I can't prove it.

By the way, I did the view. I don't want to brag, but I did the view and I'll tell you something.

Barbara Walters was on there and it was. She's, you know, she's no longer on the view, but, but like it was meeting like a legend.

Oh, yeah, it would be like meeting Streisand or something.

I don't know whether Barbara Streisand and Barbara Walters are equitable, but they are Barbara's right.

They're Barbara's and you know, it'd be great if they opened the barbershop. Barbara.

Barbara Barbara, Barbara Hershey and they're not a barbecue.

These are all great ideas, but I think a better idea and one of the reasons you're here on this show is you have a performance in this movie most wanted.

Yes. Which comes out. It's actually out in Canada currently.

Is that right? Yes. Yes. It is out in Canada.

And it's being released Friday on video and demand. Now video on demand used to be like, oh, it didn't even get released, but now everything's on video on.

Sure. Now it's the only way we can watch movies. I mean, you know, if unless the movie is in a theater and then you're like, oh, they want us all to die.

Sure. Most wanted does not refer to you wanting people to die. You actually want people to stay safe.

It does. I saw this film and Jim, you're great in it. You've taken a, over the last couple of years, it seems like you've taken an opportunity to pursue more dramatic roles.

And this is a certainly dramatic role. I tell you, I watched the film and about 15 minutes in, I would say, suddenly the camera rests upon the back of some creep.

And he's dancing and Phil Collins in the air tonight is playing. And I'm like, this is a real creep. And then suddenly the creep turns around. It's you.

Yes. And talk about this character because he's an unsettling fellow. Is he not? He's a fascinating guy. This is based on a true story, essentially.

A true Canadian story, by the way. A true Canadian story.

So this is a story of unintended, you know, like they didn't set out to frame a guy, but it's just the incompetence of police department that is looking for a big bus during the drug.

We're on drugs. And I play this guy who is essentially a two-timing drug dealer. Because when you think of Jim Gaffigan, you think, oh, he'd be a drug dealer.

And so one timing drug dealer, maybe.

A two-timing.

And he is somebody who is, I mean, it's so fun to play somebody who just has, you know, no empathy for the consequences he has on other people.

I essentially, I was playing a comedian. No, I was playing this guy who is named Picker. And he, you know, it's based on a true story. He kind of disappeared.

Like they didn't even capture this guy. But he framed this guy. He tricked the cops into thinking this one guy was a big drug dealer.

And he got the cops to pay him all this money as an informant. And it's really ugly what he did. And he's just come back. And it's really fun to pretend to be a scumb.

Now you put your fingers up next to your head. Yes. Two fingers on either side and made, I can only assume are air quotes when you said pretend.

You know, that was just a coincidence. I was kind of doing a Roger Stone impression. Okay. And he was doing Richard Nixon impression. So this is like third remove.

Yeah. I mean, it's just, you know, like Roger Stone, what a great God.

First of all, great Flintstones name. He has a weird shaped head, too. Have you seen Roger Stone?

This is like the pot calling the kettle black gym. I don't know.

I have a huge head. Like my head looks like it would hold a couple heads, right? Like a Russian nesting doll.

But his is shaped kind of like an Easter Island kind of thing. Like his is not oval around. Like mine's like a block.

His is like like 38, you know, 24, 38, you know, if you're five, three. Yeah. You know, and babies got back. You know what I mean?

Sure, of course. But so I don't know. It's, I don't know how we got off on that.

How did you prepare for this role? It seemed to me like you grew your beard out and you slipped your hair back.

It was some of that. I mean, by the way, the director who was amazing had so many ideas on this because it is a, it's set in the 80s.

And, you know, of course I wasn't born until 95. Oh, of course. Yeah. I just, I reached my 29th birthday the other day.

Congratulations. 91. I'm a 91 millennial. I'm a 91. No, I, yeah, some of it's just in the script. You know, I knew that I had to play this guy where not only, you know, the guy that I kind of conned, but I have to con everyone.

And I have to con the cops. I have to. So it was a great opportunity to. It's just so fun. Like a really juicy acting roles. They're blacks. And, you know, I love how people are like, you know, and you articulated like, you know, the past couple of years I've taken this turn.

It's just, I'd never had any opportunities before. It's not like I was like, wait a minute. I'd like to do, I'd like to do jokes about being lazy and food for 25 years. You know, it was just the opportunities weren't there.

Well, I, you do a great job in this. And, you know, if there were ever going to be another Academy Awards, which I doubt there ever will be because this is one of the last movies to ever be made.

I would say that you'd be up for one, but that's not going to happen. So, you know, the best we can hope for is a Peabody coming out of this. A Peabody, at least, right?

Right. A double Peabody. Because, by the way, this movie is all about really communicating how important investigative journalism is, really.

That's right. And the way the filmmaker did that is by casting Josh Hartnett. By the way, he's dreamy.

He truly is. He's a great actor. I loved him on Penny Dreadful.

Just a really symmetrical face, doesn't he?

He's just, he's easy on the eyes. He's kind of like, truly is. He's probably half as good looking as me. So, you know, it's weird because I think that, like, he reminds me of one of those guys that I think people underestimate.

Like, I think we underestimated McConaughey. And it's like, truly. Every once in a while, about a year ago, I was like, I wonder what Josh Hartnett is up to.

Yeah. And then suddenly he popped up in this movie. I'm like, Attaboy. There he is. Bring it, Hartnett. He's doing it. He's truly doing it.

Well, Jim Gaffigan, he's half a Hartnett. Hartnett is twice as good looking as he is. But he is half a Hartnett. And, you know, you are one of the great stand-up comedians.

And I mentioned you're also very successful at it. You tour.

It seems like, you know, every time I check your Twitter, and I'm on there, you know, five times a day, I would say, just on your personal Twitter page.

Wow. You have time to check Twitter? Oh, I check your page all the time. But before all this happened, it seemed like you were constantly out there on the road.

Yes.

Now, touring has kind of evaporated. Yes.

What do you as one of the people who's most successful at it? What future do you see for stand-up comedy?

There is none. It's there's going to be. So let's say we get a vaccine in March. They're not going to be able to execute it till, you know, they're going to whiff.

It's, you know, nothing's going to happen for two years. I think there's going to be, you know, take it from me, you know, because I don't know.

It's like the last thing we need is someone who's not a scientist talking about the band.

But I personally, I think that live performance, like stand-up comedy, like even, you know, doing a show at UCB. Oh, yeah, sure.

I don't think that is going to happen the level it was for another two years. I just don't think that that is...

People have to feel comfortable again, which I was talking to my mom about the polio vaccine and how no one gets women pools and all this kind of stuff until they got the sugar cube.

And then finally, like, her mom had to take it in front of her to show her it was safe. And then she took it and she was scared of it.

But once people felt safe, then people, you know, can do whatever they want. But yeah, I can't imagine, I mean, you, I know you and I go to Coachella every year and we see each other in our big floppy hats. And we sort of like nodded each other like, Hey, Coachella, bros, I can't imagine going next year. Can you?

No, I mean, you know, obviously, you know, I go as a publicity stunt for my clothing line.

Sure.

And, you know, I position, you know, I do my party and, you know, me and Pharrell hang out. But otherwise...

Swapping hats. With swap hats, you know, I gave him the big Bob the Builder hat.

That used to be your hat. And then suddenly he popularizes it and gets it all famous.

What's amazing about that hat is that is the shape of my head.

Right. It was a mold of your head, was it not?

No, it's live performance. I don't see how it can happen.

And by the way, I don't know how...

You know, I don't know. But I don't know how... It's going to take a while, like you said, with the polio vaccine.

It's going to take a while. And I think that there's going to be a lot of stops and starts.

You know, we're going to figure this out slowly, but surely.

Come on nerds, right? You know, it's like...

Finally, it's the nerds time to shine.

I mean, I'm kidding. Obviously, we're all going to die.

Don't you think it would be great, though, if some of these science nerds, if they were as popular as sports figures?

You mean if someone like Elon Musk was as famous as Jeff Bezos, as famous as Bill Gates? That'll never happen.

But I guess what I mean is the people who actually create the vaccine.

Once they create the vaccine, I think that they should enter into a contract with a sports franchise.

And then they have to compete in the sports that the sports people do. Sure, that's fine.

But at least there is popular and is famous.

Look, that's a very logical line of thinking you're following, right?

You know what I mean? It's like, why can't we take someone who's dedicated their lives to science and lab work?

Why can't they get on a basketball court with professional athletes?

Yes. You know, it's like, what's outlandish about asking, you know, some scientists to compete against LeBron James.

We should be able to see it.

Exactly. Thank you. Right.

I also think that if we could all swap salaries, if you could swap salaries with a teacher, would you?

I personally feel that everyone should put their salaries into a pod, a lot like going to a key party.

And instead of splitting it up evenly, we should all pick someone else's salary.

And then we get whatever, you know, just luck of the draw, whatever comes out.

Yeah, this is a radical idea.

What, you know, hear me out because this may sound outlandish.

Okay.

What if we paid everyone, you know, like, there's a lot of inequity in our country right now.

What if everyone was paid in Snickers bars?

Just hear me out. Okay.

Right. See, everyone gets a Snickers bar and, you know, they're great.

By the way, they're a sponsor of today's podcast.

But like also when people, when people get angry, you know, and they're acting like Danny DeVito, which is, how did he feel when he saw that?

He's like, oh, so, so when someone's a dick, they're me?

Well, I mean, to be honest, DeVito kind of, he really leaned into that over the years, you know, I mean, that was sort of his brand for a long time.

Well, you know, it's weird is he, this is going to sound like a rumor, but he also gave me AIDS.

What?

And I would say that you are twice as good looking as DeVito, which makes him a quarter-heartenate.

Yeah, he is like, he's, you know, ironically, he's an eighth-heartenate because it's exponential.

Oh, actually.

It goes out like that.

It's a strange thing.

Like a Roger Stone head.

Stone hedge.

Yes.

When you talk about, when you talk about Roger Stone's head, it's a Stone hedge because there's a cliff associated with this thing.

Yes.

Finally, we're getting to the truth.

Is this a Joe Rogan podcast, by the way?

This is.

Okay, good.

I just want to make sure.

Well, Jim Most Wanted is out this Friday on VOD.

I've seen it and it's captivating and you really want to see Jim flex his acting muscles as well as Eddie.

I also dance in it.

Yes, you do.

And you flexed your real muscles.

At one point, it was interesting.

You turned to the camera with like your big muscles and you said, look at these big things.

And you look right into the camera.

It was a very weird part of a dramatic fit.

And then, and then I said, Jimanji, and we all went to a different place.

You also did a tight 15 minutes of stand-up in the middle of the movie, which I thought was an odd choice.

And I was like, why is someone most wanted when they're a bad person?

What's going on with that?

Why do we want no one really wants to get John Dillinger?

Is anything you don't want to run into most not wanting to run into John Dillinger?

I know we're joking, but this is actually good stuff.

I don't want to get sued by the Dillinger family.

Oh, no.

Didn't Dillinger have one of the world's largest penises?

I think I read that in a book when I was 10.

He had a 32 inch penis, I think.

He was like a 1-eighth gaffigan.

That's where he was his nickname growing up because he did porn.

They're like, what is that?

They're like, what is that a 1-eighth gaffigan?

That's what they said.

And you weren't even around at this point.

It's so crazy.

I wasn't.

But like the legend of my endowment, which is an endowment for PBS, which by the way pays for all those Ken Burns documentaries.

That's right.

PBS pays for this podcast, which we're very proud of.

Jim, we need to take a break.

When we come back, we're going to have a character actor and a singer.

You're in show business.

So these are great jobs for, and you're very successful.

You've been in show business.

If I had to guess for, let's see, you were born in 90.

What was it?

Ninety-nine.

You've been in show business maybe 10 years at this point.

So you have a lot of experience.

Ten years.

But like I'm a quick learner.

Sure.

So we're going to be talking to them when we come back.

We'll have more Jim Gaffigan and more comedy bang bang after this.

Comedy bang bang bang.

We are back.

We have Jim Gaffigan, one of my favorite comedians of all time.

If you haven't checked out his material, check out quality time, I believe was his last special.

Yeah.

I have a new special coming out this Friday too.

You do?

What's it called?

I'll do my own plug.

It's called the Pale Tourist.

It's on Amazon Prime.

Holy, how did I not know this?

I don't know.

Jeff Bezos, he needs money.

Yeah.

And you also have, I was reading today your own serious channel where I guess it's Jim Gaffigan 24-7?

Yeah.

You know what?

I mean, I think that, it's great because I'm just having my kids listen 24-7 to it.

Wonderful.

Well, do you know what number that channel happens to be?

It's 790.

790.

Is that because there are 790 serious channels already?

Or is that just a random number?

I think it's because it's the best number and they give that.

It's not kind of like they just added at the end after the YouTube channel.

Are you one away from the YouTube channel, by the way?

I don't know.

I just found out about it.

I think the YouTube channel, I listened to it the other day.

I think they gave them somewhere in the 30s.

Really?

Yeah.

Meanwhile, you're 790.

Well, you know, the thing is, is like, the higher the number, the better, right?

Speaking of higher number, the better.

We're talking about your movie, Most Wanted, which comes out on the Audi.

What number were you on the call sheet?

I think I was number 5?

5?

Did that sting when you saw it?

No, no, no, I don't care about that stuff.

You don't care about that stuff?

Well, wait a minute.

I think, yeah, no, I think there was a guy.

I think I might have been 4, so Josh was- I think there was a guy you were petrified.

The Antoine, the lead, was number 1.

Josh Hartnett was 2.

And then maybe- What about the guy who did the voiceover in basketball?

What was he?

He was 4.

He was above you, okay.

He was above me.

But like, he had a cameo.

So- By the way, this is real.

This is real.

The guy who does the opening V.O. in basketball is one of the main characters in Most Wanted.

So he plays the guy that you set up your whole scam with.

Yes.

And he was also on Seinfeld.

Yes, he's been in everything.

I looked him up.

He's been in a lot of stuff.

Check it out Most Wanted this Friday.

We need to get to our next guest.

Now she's a character actor.

Oh my god.

And you are kind of in this movie.

You are a character actor.

Of course, you've been a lead actor.

Well, I'm like too good looking to be a character actor.

Like Josh Hartnett's kind of a character actor.

In a way compared to me.

He's good looking.

But like if I was standing next to him, people would be like, is he a character actor?

I think people, if you were standing next to Josh Hartnett, sure he'd get a lot of eyes.

But I think more people would be looking at you and pointing and a dog.

They'd be commenting on why there's flies surrounding me.

Sure, certainly.

It's like going to see two things in a zoo.

Like, yeah, of course you're going to spend a little time on the majestic lion.

But aren't you more interested in watching the monkeys have sex with each other in the cage?

And like hyenas.

Don't hyenas look like they've always robbed a bank.

You're a man.

Sure.

They just came.

One of them was a wheel man and just came off of a job.

I've been told that I move like a hyena.

Really?

Where?

By your wife?

By your children?

Or by in my imagination.

In my imagination, in this fictitious world I live in.

But you know, everyone's got that.

Well, wonderful.

Jim, you're right in front of a wood panel door, I would imagine, because I see some hinges on that.

Yes.

So we'll keep updating people on your location.

But we do need to get to our next guest.

She is the aforementioned character actor.

Please welcome to the show Amber Lee Tots.

Oh my gosh.

Hey, Scott.

So we're back.

We are back.

And I'm so excited about it.

We're back?

We're back.

We're open.

We reopened and everybody there.

So get your tickets.

Disney World's open.

Oh, wait a minute.

You're a character actor in Disney World?

You probably didn't recognize it because she's not in Disney World.

Oh, yeah.

You don't know.

Yeah.

Okay.

I thought when I heard character actor, we were thinking of someone like Benicio del Toro.

No, no.

I'm a literal character.

You literally do characters at is it Disney World or Disneyland?

Disney World Orlando.

Oh, okay.

So you're back.

And what?

So the good one.

The good one.

We're open.

It's totally safe.

Great time to be around the crowd.

So we'd love to see you guys out there.

Make sure you get your tickets.

What's the biggest difference at Disney World now that people are dealing with super spreaders?

No difference at all.

It's the exact same.

We are everybody has to wear masks and stuff, but that's pretty much it.

You guys, it's a great time to be around the crowd.

I work as one of the gerbils and we have had a lot of people just so excited for us to be back me and the whole gerbil crew.

And I guess, yeah, I just wanted to say like, get your tickets.

The gerbils.

I don't recall the gerbils, which characters those are.

Is that am I thinking of Chippendale?

Is that who?

That's different.

This is the the gerbil movie from Giselle's Gerbils day out.

Oh, okay.

I must have missed that one.

Is that was Giselle a princess who suddenly loses her crown and then has to hang out with gerbils?

So actually, this story is about me.

I am Giselle and I play Giselle at Disney World.

And pretty much the story is that I witness a murder.

And I have to go.

In a what?

In a case.

Oh, in a case.

Oh, in a cage.

Oh, you're a you're a gerbil as well.

You're a princess who's a gerbil.

Yeah, everyone's gerbils in the movie.

Everyone's gerbil.

Okay.

I thought it was a human along with it.

Wait, is this the one with is Richard Gere in this?

Yes, Richard Gere please my father.

And Rod Stewart, is he in this as well?

No, not Rod Stewart.

Those are the two people I've heard this about.

Ron Jeremy?

Rod Jeremy.

Oh, the different.

That's his brother.

Yeah.

So basically I witness a murder in the cage and it's committed by my father, Richard Gere.

He kills one of my friends.

Oh, okay.

How does he tell him?

Too much feed.

He feeds them.

Oh, yeah, yeah.

So then I basically have to get out of the cage as soon as possible.

And that's when I head out on my journey.

And by the end I become a princess.

Okay.

So how does a gerbil be?

And are you a human princess by the end?

Or I don't know why I'm stuck on this human thing.

But or is there some sort of royalty?

No, gerbil.

I'm a gerbil the whole time.

Scott, Scott gerbils can be princesses too.

I'm so sorry.

Thank you for saying that.

Thank you.

You are so stupid or something.

It is, it is, you know, I mean, can I say something?

I feel like sometimes we joke around and you know, I'm probably complicit in this too.

For sure.

Is that we joke around about gerbils.

Yep.

And people are like, oh, they're rodents.

Oh, Richard, dear.

That's one of the best jokes.

They're rodents.

That one makes me laugh so hard.

But like you, I giggled and I laughed at this stuff.

Sure.

You know, the thing is is like, oh, it's really funny that we're on those wheels and stuff like that.

I love that one.

Or, you know, like kids will play with them and, and, and, you know, squeeze them too hard and accidentally kill them.

And that's funny.

Yeah.

To some people.

But it's not funny.

It's not funny.

I didn't realize that I had so much bias towards journal towards gerbils until I.

And gerbiless.

Yeah, which is what most wanted is about.

Actually, that's my biggest bias is towards journalists because they've really been saying some stuff about Disney World and well, yeah, a lot, a lot of people.

And I think, you know, it's not just journalists, but a lot of people are, we were talking about it in our last segment are feeling like it's not the safest time to return to Disney World regardless of whether people are wearing masks or whether says who says, who says, who says scientists, scientists, no one saying it.

And the other thing is, I don't think that's literal.

So I want to go and I want to make 685 an hour and I want to be there for 14 hours a day, seven days a week.

That's my prerogative.

That's what I get to do.

So where you want to live?

That's how I want to live.

And sure.

Yeah.

Some of the other gerbils are like, Oh, I don't want to die.

I don't want to come here and I don't want to, you know, get killed by the crowds.

Okay.

Don't come to work.

I just, I feel like people take gerbils and, you know, metaphorically, stick them places they shouldn't go.

Exactly.

Well, I mean, that's, that's a lot of your fellow performers feel like they shouldn't be inside these gerbils, which is the reverse of what usually happens.

Right.

The gerbils are inside.

Sure.

For me, like I'm fine.

You know, you can put me wherever.

Really can stuff me in whatever hole, wherever in the park.

It doesn't matter.

Because it tickles and feels good.

What's wrong with it feeling good?

If I want to give people pleasure, why, why can't you let me give people pleasure?

I want to see their smiles underneath their masks.

But don't sit on them.

No.

If you're going to put them up your ass, like intentionally do it.

Yeah, lure them.

Yeah.

With a treat.

That's what I always tell the kids is, you know, put some snacks out.

We'll find you.

Yeah.

We'll come to you.

Don't let us come to you, you know, consent, basically.

What was your movie called, by the way, Amberley?

Gisels, gerbils, they out.

Gisels, gerbils, they, is this part of the G force universe?

Yeah.

The Zac Eiffel and Eckes film with the gerbils.

Yes.

It's same world.

Is it true that some of you were in that car commercial where there were the gerbils in the car?

Oh, remember them?

They were sort of like, what were they doing?

They were dancing around in the car.

They were dynamic.

They were incredible performers.

Actually, yeah, that was, I had a big part in that.

I was a consultant.

Wow.

Oh, that doesn't sound like a part.

That sounds like a different job called consultants.

I said I had a big part in it.

Oh, you have it.

Oh, oh, oh.

So they ask me questions, you know, is this realistic for a gerbil?

I said, yeah, that looks pretty realistic to me.

Okay.

Now, do you consider yourself more human or more gerbil?

So when I'm at the park, I'm full gerbil.

But when I go home, you know, I'm not human like everybody else.

You know, I have dates.

I go read at the library.

I go, you know, you can take the books, you can take the books out of the library now.

They allow you to take them away.

Well, no, I like to sit there.

So the three things you like to do are have dates, read books at the library and eat burritos.

Yeah.

Are those in order of your preference?

Those are the three things that you like to do.

Yeah.

It's a good list.

You know what?

That sounds like the behavior of a gerbil.

You know what I mean?

It kind of does.

I mean, like before you were a gerbil, what did you do?

Like, I mean, were you kind of lost?

I was a human fully.

And I worked, I still worked at Disney World.

I worked as a waitress at Snarfs.

Oh, Snarfs.

Yeah, I love that place.

It sounds like these sneezing you barf at the same time.

And but it's it's actually really good food.

All the food is meant to it's sort of like those Harry Potter written by that notorious turf.

The jelly beans that are shaped like boogers and stuff.

It's like, yeah, all the food is meant to look like barf, but it's actually, you know, good.

Yeah.

Yeah, it's all pureed.

It's all different pureed stuff.

Sure.

Yeah.

So I used to work there as a waitress and I worked my way up to the gerbil part.

And you know, this isn't this isn't fully me.

Like I plan to keep going and trying to become different princesses as I continue on there because everyone's dropping like flies.

So I should have a pretty good time moving.

I don't know that you want to say that everyone's dropping like flies at the park.

So wait, your other performers or Disney World has only been open a week.

How many performers have passed away?

I mean, it's not that people have fully like died or anything.

It's just like a lot of people don't want to be there right now.

So a lot of people are quitting.

And then also a lot of people are dying.

Well, Pinocchio's I know Pinocchio's dad.

He's on a ventilator.

The Coca Cola bear is fully dead.

Oh, no.

Yeah.

Really.

So one that's up in the Arctic who plays around with the beach ball.

That's what I'm imagining.

This may be like the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles thing that I'm imagining of the turtles eating a manhole that they think is a pizza.

By the way, Jim, you ever see the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles?

We have to cover it on this episode.

Have I seen it?

I mean, yeah, I mean, I was the pink.

You were the pink one, the pink ranger?

Well, the thing is, is I guess in full disclosure, I dressed up as one of the most of the turtles for Halloween.

So it was a paid no, you know, but it was a vocation.

It was a vocation.

Any time you decide to get into any animal, you know, costume of any kind, you should make sure that you're being paid.

Yeah, that you that's see, I didn't know that.

I didn't know that.

I just thought that like I could put on the costume and just there would hire me.

And it was Halloween and people were like giving me candy and stuff.

And a lot of the candy was good.

Yeah.

Amberly, what are some of the changes that Disney World has made to the park in order to ensure guests safety?

So everybody gets their temperature taken rectally right when you enter.

Back up, back up.

And then.

No, no, no, back up if you could.

How do they take your time?

So as you enter.

Sure.

The thermometer goes in.

And then you get to go into the park.

Oh, do you keep the thermometer in there in case your temperature changes?

Yes, you have to have the thermometer in your bed the whole time because they need to check periodically because if you, you know, symptoms can ignite at any time.

So it's like a it's like a souvenir thermometer that you get to take home with you.

No, you have to give it back.

Okay.

We reuse them.

Oh, green.

Green.

Sure.

But are you washing them?

I think green, by the way, is a great teeny's mutant into turtles tagline.

But those guys love pizza.

That's what that's what I've come to find out.

But I thought that they ate manhole covers.

But so so are you washing the thermometers?

We put them in different buckets and we put the buckets in a little room.

Scott, they're in people's butts all day.

They're not going to get dirty.

Exactly.

So you're butts.

This is a common misconception.

You're butts when the cleanest place is on your body.

That's why dogs mouths are so clean.

They're constantly licking their butt.

I don't know.

That's true.

I do.

This sounds like you know, medical information.

People think it's disgusting when people eat people's butts, which is what a lot of a lot of a lot of comedians talk about.

A lot of foods are scared.

They're scared to, you know, for a lot.

Excuse my French eat butts or French butts.

But French did it first.

I think the Greeks might have done it.

They're like they took a break from the other thing.

They're the original ass eaters.

They took a break from the Olympics.

But the thing is is also the thing about eating ass.

No carbs.

Sure.

Fills you up gluten free.

So far.

And you know, there's a lot of vitamins.

What are some of the other changes that the park has made?

I know that you know, I would be concerned about people sneezing on me and being too close to me.

For sure.

That's definitely legitimate here.

But yeah, you don't have to worry about that when you're in the park.

You can just kind of act like it's not happening and have fun and get on those rides.

I don't think to act like it's not happening is the right mental space that I would want you to.

Scott, you want me to go ahead and get on that ride?

Go ahead and get on that ride.

Ride that ride.

You don't have to worry about.

Oh, you know, you're in a fantasy world when you come to Disney World.

Why are you so worried about the real world consequences?

Why would you come to the park if you're so if you're so scared to get into the fantasy?

Well, you know that the the PC police, they got rid of sneezy.

Right.

So like now she's only got a six dwarfs with her.

So messed up.

Isn't it interesting to PC or two of the letters in police like it was right there all along?

Yeah.

So like they got rid of sneezy.

He's gone.

Yeah.

He's gone.

And by the way, he's not doing well.

He's not doing well.

He's completely homeless and no one must be around him because he's sneezing all the time and his only job.

I mean, he was an elf.

He worked in the mine.

I mean, he was more of a dwarf, I would say than an elf, but I guess.

Okay.

So I could get back to the rules.

Sure.

Yeah.

Are there other rules?

Yeah.

Because public restrooms are hotspots for coronavirus because of the fecal plumes.

What are fecal plumes?

If I may ask, I mean, I'm getting a, I'm getting a good idea, but.

Okay.

Fecal plumes are when you poop in a toilet or diarrhea or.

No, we know that the various types of ways that it comes out.

And then you flush the toilet.

All that poop that's been in the air or in the toilet goes shooting into the air.

And then another Disney world person comes in there and they inhale that those poop particles, they have, they have COVID.

Right.

There you go.

Right.

So what is Disney World doing to take pains to prevent this?

You just do not go to the bathroom while you're there at all.

Are there alternate places to do it?

Like the, it's a small world river or?

I mean, you can go.

If you need to go, they suggest that you go to the Buzz Lightyear Catholic.

Oh, yeah.

Really?

So that's, that's just been turned into a giant trough.

Yeah.

It's an outdoor area.

Oh, okay.

So either there or the Denny's next door.

Yeah.

One of the two, but nowhere else.

The Denny's across the street from Disney World.

Denny's has been getting slammed, which is why we opened up the.

And slam.

Yeah, of course.

All right.

Well, look, Amberly, this is fascinating stuff, but we have to take a break if that's okay.

We're going to come right back.

Jim, you can stick around with us.

I hope most wanted, of course, on VOD this Friday where Jim plays, plays the character.

I'm just going to guess what your name is.

Mr. Tibbins.

It's not Mr. Tibbins.

Okay.

So I'm going to keep guessing and eventually I think I'll hit on it.

I'll get, I'll make a guess when we come back.

We're going to be right back with more comedy bang, bang after this.

Comedy bang, bang, bang.

We are back here with Jim Gaffigan, who does not play Mr.

Tibbins in Most Wanted, which comes out this Friday on VOD.

I told you I would take another guess, Jim, if that's okay.

Do you.

Do you want first name or last name?

I prefer both.

Okay.

I'm going to say.

Froshy.

Gentle.

Farber.

Oh my God.

It's not even close.

Not even close.

None of the letters are similar.

No.

You know, what was the first name?

Froshy.

No, the name before of this.

Oh, Mr. Tibbins.

Yeah, that's it.

Oh, it was Mr. Tibbins.

Okay.

You were mistaken.

We also have Amberly Tots who works as princess.

Is it Genevieve?

Genevieve?

Giselle.

They're a Disney world making.

How much do you make per hour six something or?

Six, six, eight, five.

Six, eight, five.

Congratulations.

That is not bad.

We do need to get to our next guest.

She is a singer and are either of you singers, Jim or Amberly?

I've listened to music before.

That counts.

That definitely counts.

Amberly?

Yeah, I sing in all the movies.

If you watch the Giselle's Turbo's Day Out, I sing.

I don't mean your character because presumably a famous person played that part in the movie.

Do you think that you were in the movie?

No.

But I know that I do a pretty good invitation, which is why I work at Disney World.

Get your tickets.

She is a singer and is this her first time on the show?

Please welcome to the show Quarantina Turner.

Hello, everybody.

All right.

How you feeling tonight?

Feeling good.

Quarantina Turner.

Yes, that's me.

That's me.

Now you're a singer.

You're a vocalist.

Is that right?

I am.

What type of music do you sing?

You know, a lot of vocalists would be upset about the one-on-one interaction happening in the middle of my show.

But I'm not your average vocalist.

You consider this to be in the middle of your show right now?

Yes, this is my show.

This is my show.

I mean, technically, I mean, I've done 664 previous episodes.

Who's keeping count?

Who is keeping?

You know, Scott, if you do feel it's your show, I could go.

I could get out of here.

No, no, no, no.

Please, let me see the spotlight to you.

Quarantina Turner, please continue.

We'll imagine this is one of your shows and you entertain us.

Oh, this is very much one of my shows, Scott.

You see, I thrive in these situations.

I thrive when we are in pandemics.

And that's when I shine.

How often do you get the chance to shine?

Because this seems like a recent thing.

Every hundred years.

The last time was, in fact, 1918.

I thrived then and I'm thriving now.

Okay, so you were around in 1918?

Turns out I was, Scott.

Yes.

Turns out.

Turns out I was.

Yes, Scott.

How old of a person are you, if I may ask?

Many, many moons old.

Okay, that's not very specific, but I'll take it.

You don't really ask a lady her age, Scott.

I know a lot of my guests come on and they say things like, you don't ask a lady their age anytime I ask their age.

But it seems like I talk to a lot of people who are over a hundred years old.

You don't ask a lady her age.

You don't ever go inside her handbag and you never shoot a gift horse.

You don't eat, but after somebody's had like a lot of like Vindaloo.

Or after labor day.

Or after labor day and you don't roll through a stop sign.

That's just a given.

You have to come to a full stop.

Sure.

Anyway, would you guys like to hear my first track?

I would.

Yeah, I would.

Yes.

Is this how one of your shows normally goes?

You have a preamble of approximately five minutes, were you?

Were you talking about rolling through stop signs?

Yes, typically, typically yes, because typically my shows happen.

I'm only relevant when there is some sort of pandemic or situation where people need to remain at home.

Well, strike while all the iron is hot.

Let's hear your first track.

Here we go.

What's gloves got to do?

Got to do with it.

What's gloves?

You need to wear a mask.

All right, everybody, everybody.

That was short.

Oh, because I do like to have a kind of a dialogue with.

Yeah, that was not even a full chorus, I would say.

I know.

I thought that was amazing.

I liked this.

My favorite part was the breathing at the beginning.

Well, you do need to.

You know, it turns out you do need to inhale deeply before.

Sure.

A lot of songs, you know, when you hear them, you don't hear the singer taking a big deep breath before the song starts.

I was like, and then it started.

Yeah.

Okay.

Yeah.

But I was nervous.

You see, I was nervous.

And I'm, you know, I have asthma.

And so, yes, I am quarantining alone in my home with my asthma.

I guess you could say I'm not exactly alone.

I am here with my asthma.

Sure.

What were the lyrics of that song?

The lyrics.

Gloves.

Scott.

Scott to do with it.

I thought you said Scott to do with it.

Oh, you're so vain.

You think the song is about you, don't you?

But it was all about putting gloves on as well as masks.

I hate when people don't understand my music.

Um, okay.

All right.

Why can't I understand it?

I'm just pointing it out.

I'll do the remedial version for you, Scott.

Oh, please go ahead.

All right.

What's gloves got?

G-O-T to do with it.

Is G-O-T does that stand for Game of Thrones?

Oh my.

I've never seen that show, you know.

Oh, you got to see, especially during the pandemic, you can binge the whole thing.

Don't let anyone tell you about the red wedding where everyone dies.

Oh, no, too much too much.

Did you spoil it?

Was that a spoiler?

No, I didn't know.

Don't let anyone spoil you.

The red wedding where everyone dies in that thing.

Oh, okay.

I think that's what we would call where I'm from a spoiler.

That's, and before that you need to give me a spoiler alert.

Oh, I forgot the alert for it.

But anyway, for me, Game of Thrones, too many white walkers, too much nudity.

I don't, it's not for me.

It's not my type of tea.

And what about black walkers?

You know what I mean?

Well, we need black walkers.

Sure.

We need all kinds of walkers.

Of all the ethnicities.

You know what I mean?

What about white, what about Walker, Texas Ranger?

Why was he on there?

He, and he should have been represented as well.

I do think he should have.

That would be so funny if you were watching The Walking Dead.

And it's all in like the South in Georgia or whatever.

And then a zombie comes up and he's wearing a cowboy hat.

And they look at him and it's Chuck Norris.

And they're like, this, I mean, now this is like post irony at this point, you know?

And they just laugh and they, and they look to the camera and they go, you get it.

We all have a good laugh.

And we're like, hey, I'm back in.

Wouldn't it be even funniest?

No, I know, I do music, but wouldn't it be even funnier if Chuck Norris.

Good idea can come from anywhere.

What if Chuck Norris just found himself post-coitus leaving someone's home in the morning?

Keep going, keep going.

This is good.

We call it the Walker, Texas Ranger of Shame.

I don't know.

That's a bad pitch.

I'm a singer.

Or maybe he doesn't call the person back and they call him Ghostur, Texas Ranger.

Oh my gosh.

What if he was walking past Jimmy Walker?

Yes.

Jimmy Walker said, Dyno Mike.

Yes.

Okay.

Well, what if he yelled a racial epithet and then he was canceled Texas Ranger?

No, that's a bad pitch.

That's a bad pitch.

I would say maybe stick to singing, but.

Okay.

All right.

Well, I was trying to.

I was trying to, but you.

Sure.

You told me that you told me didn't understand my music, my very straightforward music.

Do you have another song?

Because I would love to hear as many songs as we could fit into this segment.

I would love to hear as many as we could.

Okay.

All right.

Scott, can you sing?

You know, I've been known to carry a tune.

Okay.

He's bad.

It turns out.

No, for you think at the beginning, Scott?

No, sorry, sorry, sorry.

I've been known to carry a tune.

Do you have asthma, Scott?

I don't have asthma.

No, I am not afflicted with that.

Unfortunately, not.

I do not sneeze either, much like the canceled sneezy.

Oh, so in this quarantine, it's just you, just you alone and your wife and no asthma?

No, we are not blessed with the third party asthma.

Okay.

I like when you pronounce the T. I did enjoy that, Scott.

Yes.

It's like saying athletes like Steve.

Yes.

Okay.

Well, this next song is about what I've been doing in the quarantine.

I'm fantastic quarantine a turner with her new song about what she's been doing during the quarantine.

I've been rolling, rolling.

I am on a molly.

I'm trolling, trolling, bullying online.

I'm also bowling, bowling.

I got an alley in my house.

Sometimes I'm strolling, strolling.

Yeah, I do a little walk around my house.

Thank you so much, everybody.

You guys have been great.

You guys have been awesome tonight.

Thank you so much.

Well, we didn't hear the inhale before the audience started cheering.

Yeah.

No, should I start over?

No, here we go.

Should I start over?

No, no, no.

I think it was good.

You know what I liked about that.

Is that a non-core?

Are you asking me for a non-core?

Oh, we definitely want to hear more than just two songs.

So what I liked about that song, Quarantine Eterna, was I assumed that all of your songs were going to be quarantine-specific, but instead they're about you doing molly.

No, Scott, I get it again.

Do I have to explain my music?

No, no, you don't have to explain.

I'm telling you why I enjoyed it.

The fact that you have a bowling alley in your house, I'm like, you know, $8 an hour?

Like, what's going on?

Pretty cool, right?

Pretty cool.

Well, I've been making, you know, my music is specific to this time.

So when this pandemic struck, I said, I'm ready.

I'm ready.

A lot of people, including you, weren't ready.

Scott, did you take a week off of your little radio show?

No, I was lucky enough to have backlogged a few until we could get the home setup here.

So no, I was blessed enough that I did not have to take a week off.

So I don't know whether I was ready or not, but I certainly did not have to take a break.

Ready or not?

Okay.

One time.

I did that for you.

Do you like the Fuji's?

No, you know, the music is fair.

I would say unoriginal, unoriginal.

Unoriginal.

Well, they...

Samples.

Too many samples.

It seems to me, though, that if anyone were criticizing your work, and I don't know whether Jim would back me up on this, it seems like your songs are even more unoriginal because they're just parodies of Tina Turner songs.

I knew you were going to bring her up.

Wait a minute.

You know, I didn't even...

I didn't even realize I didn't put it together.

Because there's nothing to put together.

Jim, can I come to...

You also, Jim, you have vocal blindness, do you not?

Yes, I have vocal blindness and fecal plume.

Okay, that's a terrible combination.

Jim, can I call you Jimbo?

Please.

Or Jim Breli.

Short for...

Jim Breli.

I like Jim Breli.

Jim Breli, there's nothing to put together.

You're on the right track because I've heard of Tina Turner.

She was born well after I was.

In fact, some might say she was parrying me.

Oh, that's a good point.

That's true.

I mean, Tina Turner is a good parody of quarantine at Turner.

I'm just saying.

You know, people shorten their names.

Yeah, that's basically what she did, and she took my tunes.

You know what I think is interesting is in 1918, they actually called that time period 1,919.

Yeah.

No way.

Wait, now, Jim Breli, were you around for that?

I was.

I was very old at the time.

Are both of you like the old guard?

Like, are you both immortals?

That's a spoiler alert too.

I'm sorry.

That's a spoiler alert.

I don't like I don't I don't like that you even called me old because I don't see myself as old.

No, I called the movie the old guard by its actual title.

I was.

But then you said you guys like the old guard and I just felt like that was an attack.

An attack on my.

That wasn't a.

I look, I apologize to you, quarantine.

I apologize to Amberly.

I apologize to Jim.

I apologize to the audience.

What about the gerbils?

I apologize to all the gerbils as well.

Scott Scott.

I apologize if you don't write it in your notes app and screenshot it for the gram.

I definitely will.

Do you have one more song for us, quarantine?

I would love to hear one last song.

How would you close out a show?

Okay, I would close out a so just like this.

Thank you for asking.

Are you all having a good time tonight?

Yeah.

Okay.

You guys, what you guys don't realize about me before I became the big name I am and I did just kind of become a big name.

This go round in two zero to zero before I became the big name I am.

You might not know that I did the breathing on salt and peppers.

Push it.

You might respect me a little bit more.

You've known that.

Yeah.

I that was that was my breath.

Push it.

Yes.

What about on tone looks wild thing?

Sure.

But when you were saying push it was were you were there instructions involving a durable.

Yeah, because you should know no gerbils around.

But I'm going to be honest with you there were I did not say push it.

I don't want to take credit from just a brief.

I just did the breathing up top.

I did just breathe.

Yes.

The last the last song I have for y'all tonight is this part of the show.

Oh, yes.

Yes.

Thank you for asking.

All right.

This last song I'd like to dedicate to people who are missing sports right now.

People who are missing sex right now.

This like song I'm going to close out with this one.

Oh, thank you.

Thank you.

Everybody.

It's been awesome.

You've been an awesome crowd.

I love that one.

Thank you so much.

I kind of had a religious.

Yes.

Religious undertone to it.

Yes.

Like that.

Yes.

Your shows are comprised of approximately 90% crowd work and then using two songs, one of them twice.

Scott, right now it feels like you're trolling.

I'm core.

Online because I could leave Scott.

Just know that I could leave it anytime.

Well, speaking of leaning, quarantine, we are running out of time.

I think you're a wonderful singer and it truly is every hundred years or so.

It truly is something that we're going to get to enjoy your music.

And I know Jim thinks that we'll be enjoying your music for another year or so until 2022.

So we're all going to die.

Yeah.

Wonderful.

Cheery words.

Come to Disney World.

But before we go, we have one final feature and that's a little something called plugs.

Love me and the morning, love me while I leave.

Love me and love me.

Beautiful.

That was the plug habit by Quiet Wyatt.

Wow.

I wonder if that is in the sister act verse with back in the habit.

All right, guys, what are we plugging?

Jim, obviously we have most wanted this Friday on VOD.

Anything else you want to say about the film?

If you don't rent it on video on demand, I'm going to go on a murder spree.

Wow.

Will it be confined to your house or will it be out there in the world?

Because that's not safe if you do it out there in the world.

No, I'll wear a mask.

Oh, OK, like a Friday the 13th Jason mask or Mike Myers mask wasn't a mask of you.

The mold made out of your head wasn't that the original inspiration for the Mike Myers mask.

They just painted it white.

Well, no, my head was actually the case that they carried that mask in.

Oh, got it.

Also your your special is out this Friday.

You were saying what's it called pale pale force pale tourists, right, right, right.

And I also have my own serious satellite channel.

And I also have a garden.

I've been growing it.

You get a you eat anything from it during the.

It's kind of it's kind of personal.

I'm sorry.

I apologize.

Amberly Tots, what are what are you plugging here?

I would like to plug Disney World.

We are open.

You guys can come just avoid the public restrooms.

Make sure that you get all your fecal plume out before you come and guys be safe with the gerbils when you use them.

Be safe.

Sure.

Do you have a Twitter account that you like to look at?

Yeah, I do.

Thanks for asking.

It's a good.

Sure.

Have a confusing game for any chance.

Make sure you get a pen and paper out.

Sure.

You're going to need it.

Put on a coffee.

It's L.I.

L.Y.

Y.

I.

L.Y.

Congratulations.

So people can go look at that.

Or Encina Turner, what do you have to plug?

I'd like to plug face masks for the pandemic.

Sure.

So face coverings.

Are you selling any that you've made?

I don't make them.

I just plug them.

I do just plug them.

There might be somebody outside of the show right now selling merch with my name and logo on it.

But I don't make that my focus on my music.

I write one song every two to three hundred years.

Sure.

And barely two sentences of it.

Anything else you want to plug is that there's a show on NBC that I wonder if it's coming back.

And be what?

Called Saturday Night Live.

Is that ever going to?

Are you a fan of that show?

Is that ever going to come back?

I'd love to check it out.

What time is it, Scott?

It's really late on set.

I mean, they should call it Sunday morning live because two thirds of it is on Sunday morning.

What time does it start?

1130 p.m.

Oh, that's so late.

That's so late.

I don't know how the performers do it.

I don't either.

Wow.

I'll have to check it out.

Sounds interesting.

I wonder if any performer is just napped during the show.

I couldn't tell you.

I mean, I wouldn't know.

You wouldn't.

I would never know.

Yeah, that's everything.

Thank you so much.

You guys have been great.

Okay.

Well, no, we're not.

We're not done yet because I still have to plug my thing.

So watch.

Watch comedy.

Are we going to?

Are we going to have to watch you plug your thing?

You can turn the camera off of you.

I'll turn my own camera.

I'm going to turn my back.

Watch comedy bang bang on Netflix before it goes away.

Jim Gaffigan has a wonderful episode that you can watch.

I don't really remember any of the particulars regarding it.

I think I had a purple T-shirt on.

I do think you did.

Yeah.

I think by looking up purple T-shirt in your Netflix queue, maybe Harold and the purple crayon will come up instead, but try to watch comedy bang bang before it goes away.

All right.

Let's close up the old plug bag.

You start with a C when you want to close it up.

You lead with an L and then you own.

Bring it up the plug bag.

Hold it up the plug bag.

Shake your hands and open it up.

Then the ratio comes and then he just says, open up the plug bag.

Open up the plug bag.

Everybody wants to open up the plug bag.

Keep it fucking open up the plug bag.

Open up the plug bag.

Open it up.

All right, guys.

I want to thank you so much, Jim.

It's so great seeing you.

Thanks, buddy.

I want to thank you, Amber Lee.

It's so great to meet you and good luck with.

You're not sick, are you?

Yes, but I'm great.

I'm going to be working until the end of the pandemic.

Yeah, in terms of I'm going to fuck as many gerbils as I can before the end of the world.

We never even got to that.

You actually have sex with gerbils.

I mean, the putting them in the ras, I don't consider that to be sex.

I think, oh, well, that's really heteronormative, Scott.

Yeah, I apologize.

Can't cancel me.

Don't cancel me.

Cancel.

No, we'll see you next time.

Thanks.

Bye.
