♪♪♪ Why do we park in driveways and drive on sidewalks?

Welcome to Comedy Bank, bang.

Mmm, good question.

Thank you to Carl with a K.

Although he spells Carl with a C.

I don't know what that means.

All right, well, anyway, thanks to Carl with a K for that catchphrase submission, also with a K.

Coming up a little later, we have a singer.

We also have a financial advisor.

Well, you know, I got to say in these tough times, especially with everything running out at the end of the month, I think we need financial advisors more than ever.

So that'll be some great advice that we'll be getting a little later.

We also have a comedian and an actor.

This is episode, let's see, I believe it's about 66 episodes past the 600 mark.

Coming up first here, by the way, my name is Scott Ocarman.

I am very first.

Coming up second, I should say.

She is, a lot of people know her as the owner and proprietor of the W Hotel here in Los Angeles, not the chain of hotels.

And we've been checking in with her kind of regularly during these COVID times.

Please welcome back to the show, Bean Dip.

Hello, Bean Dip.

Hey, hello, welcome, Scott.

Now, you seem to not realize that the W is like Subway and it is franchise.

I bought the one in Hollywood, BFD.

W, BFD stands for what?

W, Bfucking Dale.

Oh, OK.

Why didn't you just call it W, BFD?

I think that would make it more popular.

Because I'm not just trying to get like, if I walk down the street, I say, oh, W, BFD, W, Big Fucking Dale.

Then I think to myself, I'll go there.

I'll have somebody who likes to party.

Hey, I like to tear things up.

I like to wreck things.

I'm trying to get classy, carntale, not just people who like BFD.

Right.

Do you like to party?

I've never asked you this question.

I feel like that's an oversight.

Does a dog like to run up a hill and then catches breath and walk back down it?

Yes, dog.

I love to party, dog.

What is your favorite partying experience?

And how exactly do you love to party?

My favorite thing is to find somebody with a very deep part in their hair.

Like, I could see the line in their hair.

I like to fill that with cocaine and then gobble it out of their hair part.

OK, so I'm trying to think of anyone with that deep of a part.

I there.

Crispin Glover, I would imagine.

Yeah, Crispin Glover.

I remember there was a dude from Kid of Play for a moment that had a very deep part.

It's just like...

He was only in Kid and Play for a minute or he only had a deep part for a minute.

Because as far as I remember, Kid and Play was not like Minuto where you age out of it and they get a new play.

Well, I know he's doing shows right now on the road.

But I have no idea if his part is still deep.

Are you talking about Christopher Kid?

I can't remember his name, but he wrote the theme song to Real Time with Bill Maher.

I'm actually talking about James Play.

James Play?

Oh, OK.

Is that his actual last name, James Play?

Uh-huh, but he spelled it P-L-E-Y.

Oh, OK.

So one letter off.

Just one letter there, right?

Don't you?

Hey, don't judge the book by its cover.

You think he might be up for a good time, but then you realize the A is the E.

Now, are those days behind you being dip?

Are you still partying?

I mean, you're the owner and proprietor of this gigantic major hotel right here in the heart of Hollywood.

Major.

So usually now when I just, when I am going to have some partying going on, it's usually more like drink a bunch of scotch off of somebody's skin.

OK, so they're a little bit different than the cocaine.

I mean, you're just a cotch.

A little more like child's play.

Oh, child's play.

That's another movie from back in the 90s, speaking of kid and play in their house party.

Two terms up.

Child's play.

Don't don't wake up with chucky.

What a nightmare.

That is like a bachelorette's just, you know, date from hell, waking up and suddenly there's chucky.

Yeah, man.

Can you imagine anything worse?

I don't think I literally don't think anyone could ever imagine anything worse.

How exactly are you drinking scotch off someone's skin?

Belly shots, temple shots, but whole shots, elbow shots, nose shots.

I don't want to do a butthole shot because I would think it would fall out.

I mean, gravity is the enemy of the butthole or sometimes it's friend.

Scott, get real.

Gravity is always the further the butthole.

If you tell the shot person to lay down on the couch, be very still.

Make sure your butthole does not move.

Those are a lot of instructions just to give pleasure to you.

That's why because I'm trying to get my shots and not have them to.

I'm not trying to eat a shot off of a couch.

I need to get it straight from above.

Oh, okay.

So tell me what's going on with the W now.

The last time we checked in with you a little over a month ago, I think you had about nine people who were staying at the hotel, including Leonardo DiCaprio and Charlize Theron.

And but you were telling me off air that things have changed there.

Yeah, these are times there.

Now we have about 35 people living there.

Okay, so your fortunes have improved.

Yeah, everybody there has COVID, but but there's like 35 of us living there.

We all have a great time.

Everybody goes around and has my suits so that no one will catch it from each other.

Everyone.

Everyone has it.

Right.

Everyone has it, but we're trying not to get it again.

Oh, I see.

Okay.

You don't want to double up the dose.

Uh huh.

Is Leo still there or Charlize?

Are they still there?

Oh, Leo still there.

Charlize is still there.

Can I just say capital A and then OY ING?

I'm trying to follow this capital A OY ING.

Capital A and OY ING.

Annoying.

Capital A double N OY in G.

Okay, thank you.

They're annoying to you, really.

They are annoying to me because it's constantly like, Oh, I feel like doing something.

Oh, I feel like having to swim.

I feel like having room service, but they want me to do all of it with them.

So I'm just like, stop being weird.

Uh, because you like to sort of give people the whip as well as the carrot.

Is that right?

Well, people who are staying there for now during the pandemic don't cause any mess.

It's a W. Please stop bringing everybody's spirits down Charlize.

What is Charlize Theron doing that's causing a mess?

I mean, she, she seems like a very tidy person.

By the way, Charlize Theron is in the old guard currently streaming on Netflix.

Believe me, she talks about it constantly.

I've watched it five times with her because she makes me watch it with her.

Yes, she is a tidy person behind closed doors.

Once she gets into a communal space like a lobby or a kitchen, she literally literally starts pissing.

Really? The second she passes the threshold of a communal space, she sort of put checked out pissing.

This is disgusting.

And I'm going to have to ask if you have any sort of hidden camera video of this that I could be sent off air.

Yeah, you do.

Okay.

We are compaling a montage.

It's about three and a half hours long.

Oh, right.

So it's like a girl's gun wild videotape.

Yeah, but it will be called Charlize Theron goes wild front-pissing and communal spices.

Okay.

Well, I think that's going to be very popular.

That's one of your side hustles.

I think that we'll be actually.

We'll sell it at the hot dog truck where I sell carrots inside of hot dog bars.

Now, I thought that it was cucumbers.

That's two carrots is a new development.

Okay.

I don't know that we have time to talk about this shattering new development of carrots.

We probably don't, but just know that some people are like a more sturdy hard hot dog.

A carrot will never give up.

Wonderful words in this time of uncertainty.

We could all be a little more like carrots.

Could we not?

I don't think I'm not getting some shirts printed of this right now.

Do it.

It's like in a in a comic sans font.

It says during these times of pandemic, we could all stand to be more like a carrot.

I don't know that I have that kind of time to put into a t-shirt.

You know, I.

Well, all you have to do is put it on Scott.

No, I'm just saying like if I'm going to read a t-shirt, I think four words, five words, you know, mustache rides, five cents.

That's the perfect t-shirt.

That is a pretty great t-shirt.

So are you still having a topless Tuesdays out there at the W or?

Topless Tuesdays, Wednesdays now also Thursdays.

Oh, okay.

So you've taken over the entire middle of the week.

Oh, just the middle because people still need to have a weekend that they feel like it's different from the week.

So do you have another?

I mean, the t-shirt business obviously is something that's expanding for you.

But do you have any other kind of things that you're doing or hobbies or ways to occupy your time during the quarantine here?

We started the thing.

But you know how if you have a plant that sometimes it will just it will start to go bad.

Sure. A plant.

Yeah.

In fact, I have one right here behind me.

I'm not sure if that's why you that's why you thought of it.

Well, we take only plants that are going bad and then we put them in places like parks.

Oh, okay. What does that do for them? Does that make them grow better or does it make the park look shittier?

Well, because people are getting depressed in their houses.

They are like looking at the plants and like, oh man, what am I supposed to do?

I'm just like this plant. I'm wilting. I'm dying. We're all going to die. This quarantine is going to kill us.

You want to add them to your site.

So call my business. We'll come get you a plant that's going bad. We'll take it to the park.

Which park are you using, by the way?

All child's parks in the city where any place where they got it something you can climb on slide on and play on.

That's what we're going to put the dead plants.

So we can't sometimes you come to do things in order of adults.

Well, being dip, it's always great to see you.

I want you to access my co-host during this episode. If that's okay.

I need your constant input. If that's all right.

I would love to give you constant input. But hey, I can't go easy.

Yeah, I know. I really want you to hold our guests feet to the fire if that's okay.

I mean, if there's any sort of, if you think that they're wriggling out of a question and look, the problem is, I'm the host of the show and I also book it and I need people to want to come back.

And so I take it easy on people and it's access journalism at its worst.

But I need you there by my side, just really piercing through and asking the tough questions.

Easy.

So what's tough for me is easy for you.

Simple for me as a snap, sense.

Okay, very good. All right. Well, we do need to get to our first guest, our guest of honor, if that's okay.

He is the aforementioned stand-up comedian slash actor.

And we don't know which he considers himself to be more, but he is a regular on the television program Black Monday, whose season finale we got him right here over the wire was last night on Sunday. But all episodes are still streaming on the Showtime app as well as other places.

He's a very funny guy. Please welcome. First time on the show, please welcome. Yes or Lester.

Hello. Thanks for having me.

You are, look, the burning question that's been on everyone's mind. Are you a stand-up comedian?

Are you an actor? Are you both? What is going on?

Okay. First, I am an opioid dealer. That is my passion.

That is where my heart is.

Number two, I would say stand-up comedian. That's where I, you know, that's where I started.

Writer, then actor, and then opioid dealer. I started as a baby, but I wouldn't call myself a baby currently. Right. But the thing that I do technically the most is sell opioids.

Okay. I guess I'm not. Yeah. Yeah. But you, here's the thing. If you go in a long enough timeline, you technically always a baby, right? Compared to a tortoise that lives to be like 176, like you're a baby. You're just a bigger baby. That's a good point. And some people never get to be anything other than a baby. Yeah. I want to talk about that. I want to talk about, I want to talk about all these babies who bounced early, huh?

Yeah. Sir, it's great to have you. You are a great stand-up comedian and a very funny Twitter follow. You've been on fire during these, during the tumultuous events of the past few months.

I took the pandemic and a war against the cops and racial equality, racial inequality.

And I turned that into some two weeks. Oh, you call it racial equality. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.

Interesting. Interesting point of view. Well, here's, yeah, I'm on the opposite end of it.

Like I'm just like, oh, things feel fine. That's been my whole platform is things feel fine.

It's just me and Terry Cruz. Let's talk about Black Monday because it truly is one of my favorite television shows. It's so funny. And flying a little bit under the radar, the season that's currently out was interrupted by the quarantine and you play a wonderful character who's so different from yourself. Describe this character and tell us his name.

Well, the character's name is Yasser. He looks like me. He sounds like me. He's as tall as me.

I always thought that he was like three inches shorter.

That's interesting.

Oh, no, that's because I'm sitting a lot. Okay. Everyone else is on an apple box as well.

Yeah. Here's one of the keys when you're not good at acting.

If you just make sure that character is exactly you and then people never know the real you, they think you're good at playing someone else. Interesting. It's really just me with different glasses, Scotty boy.

What would you say is hard about acting though because I'd say do not memorize the lines or I mean, there's the lines thing. There's like the other people being better than you thing. So you're intimidated all the time. I think the hardest part about acting is believability. Is that is that what you say? Well, I would say I would say equal parts believability and eating disorder. Those are the two things that we gotta make sure. Oh, buddy, you know, you just got to eat apples for six months at a time. That's it. Don't eat anything else. You eat a few apples. You try convinced Don she'll not defy you.

You move on. So describe Yasser's role on the show. You are well, first of all, let's just talk about the show itself. Black Monday. What does it mean? Let's break it down. Black. Okay.

We don't know what that means. Monday.

Maybe the week. Sure. Yeah. Yeah. But what is this show? I mean, it's a it's a period piece.

It said in the 1980s, I believe. Yes. So Black Monday was the largest single day crash in financial and American financial history. Not a lot of people know that, you know, we think of, you know, Great Depression times and all that stuff. But this is this is actually the biggest until actually recently under King Trump, who we love. We can't say enough good things about him.

I know people call him like commander in Cheeto. I call him Emperor beautiful. There's not enough things. I just love how sexy he is. I call him and this is this is kind of mean. Yeah. And I don't mean to but I call him the orange in chief. Oh, no. I'm sorry.

Like here's the thing. We're going to keep the interview going. But honestly, if you talk about him like that again, I don't know.

Okay, I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Scott, if you're going to. Oh my god. Beep dip. I forgot you were here. But sorry, I just wanted to hear you also talk about his show. But I got into a fan. You have to be nice about it. You have to call it like the beautiful, great foot. Who's the boss? Okay. Great fruit boss.

Thank you.

Boss grapefruit.

Well, it's like, I understand it, Scott. He's trying to tell you.

Why were we talking about him? I don't remember.

So there's a large financial crash then. So the show is about it started as like, you know, the first season was building up to this one day crash, you know, it was following the year leading up to that crash. And now the second season is kind of been like what the characters lives have been like since since this crash, because one character played by Don Sheedell was trying to essentially short the markets. So you make a bunch of money. A bunch of people found out about it. Regina Hall, Andrew Rannells, who are the other characters on the show, and figured out how to swindle him out of the money that he was trying to swindle them out of.

And now it's a this second season has been about like, you know, the strain relationships and how do they come back from that? And then on the show, I play a janitor who every once in a while pops in and goes, you all need anything? You all need me to take out the no, no one's taking out the trash. Wait, why are you paying this? If anyone needs an office vacuum, let me know.

And then and that's pretty much it. No, no, that is, of course, you are exaggerating. You play a very funny character. I play a financial trader. I play like the youngest person in the office.

So like a young financial trader named Yasar, who like is clearly like on the cusp of like, you know, like what the 90s are going to be like in a little, a little more cosmopolitan and thought, you know, in a little more contemporary and thought I should say, but also very much an idiot who, you know, does cocaine, but is also a Muslim. It's not great. You know, when people talk about canceling things in the future, it feels like this might be one of those things that I end up about for playing for right now. Right now, right now, mom is having fun. Yeah.

So because you're playing a Muslim, are you a Muslim in real life? No. So here's what happened.

David Casp and Jordan Khand wrote the wrote the pilot friends of yours. They originally wrote the character as an Indian guy. And they're like, Hey, you should, this would be a fun little thing. It was just supposed to be like a one off thing.

They're like, you should, you should just do this role. And I was like, cool, but we will get in trouble. Like I, my mom is black. And though I haven't met him, my dad is Palestinian. I was like, so we can do that. Like I can dress like Yasser Arafat, but I absolutely me showing up in a turban is bad. So we filmed it with me as an Indian anyway. And then when the network came back, it said no, go I changed it.

Oh, I got to see that footage. Hey, you can't stop me. You know, who would who would tell Van Gogh not to cut off his ear, man, you wouldn't let him cut off his ear and keep paying.

Well, it's it's a really funny show. You you work a lot with Horatio, our old friend Horatio.

You have a lot of scenes with him. And it's like you guys are buddies in the office together.

Yeah. I mean, like in a show full of idiots, we are the stupid. You really are.

You know, like the schemes that the two of you get up to are just insanely dumb.

But I also luckily every other, you know, part of the show requires some formal training in terms of like saying 80 kind of words dramatically. I can't do that, you know, I know Horatio can, but like, you know, he loves being a goofball. So I think that's kind of where they're like, Oh, yeah, it might be fun if those two just are not around.

Everyone's like, yeah, that feels good and me and Horatio kind of like, yeah, cool.

Yeah. Don't put us on the posters either.

Well, it's I mean, I was wondering what it was going to be like because, you know, Showtime comedies are usually these kind of dramadies. I never saw a house of pies. Yeah, but usually they're kind of these sort of half comedy, half dramas. And so I was sort of expecting that with Black Monday, but it's just a straight up like silly. I mean, there are some dramatic stuff in it. But the majority of it is just like, you know, the minute the Don Cheadle karate kick the door open in the pilot, I was like, Oh, okay, I'm loving this tone. Yeah, yeah.

Yeah. It's, you know, I know we go a little darker than Ray Donovan. Of course, it's hard not to.

No, we handle it. You know, yeah, being deaf. I know you've seen it and you text me from time to time and be like, wow, this is this is good. This is going a little harder than Homeland, but we also still like to have fun, you know, I respect it because when I do text, when I do text you about it, I'm going to say, I'm not sure about tonight. I'm not sure about how far you guys went.

Yeah, yeah, yeah. You're very polite when you buy back and you say, look, we had to do what we had to do. I didn't know that you guys knew each other. Yes.

And being deaf, you promised you were going to go hard at the questioning and you've just been like pitching softballs. Okay, ready?

I'm ready for you to do this. Yes, go. This is a question that me and Yassa want to know. How come you all be such a dick to him? Not softballs at me and him.

Oh, you're you're my co-host. You're supposed to be the one interrogating. Yes, her. Okay. Well, how did what? Yes, how did you get so I had so how do you get so talented? How's Scott to get to be such a dick?

I don't know if I'm comfortable answering that, to be honest, that's a little which part of me being a dick part or the you being handsome though that I mean that I feel like that's the softball. How am I supposed to answer the other two things? I don't know. Well, it's a great show and I really want people to check it out. People can watch all of the episodes right now on the Showtime app or they're all being repeated on Showtime, I would imagine, but it's really funny.

And, you know, I think like I said, flying a little under the radar, which is, you know, the Harrison Ford special, but it's not good when you're a plane certainly, unless you're trying to evade capture, but for a television show, you also want to be a little over the radar. You want to be in the radar. You know what I mean? You want missiles pointed, man? Sure. You know, you want people to like take it down. All right. Well, we need to take a break. Bean dip anything you want to say before we go to break? I just want to say, oh, Scott, you to please be best.

Okay. Thank you very much. Good advice. When we come back, we're going to have a financial advisor. We'll be right back with more comedy bang bang after this.

Comedy bang bang. We're back here. My co-host Bean Dip is here. And she is transmitting from the W hotel. You're up there on the roof, it looks like. That's why I want to go to the roof today. I have a I have a tarp wrapped around me so that you can't hear the wind. It is very windy.

Yeah. We also have Yasser Lester here from Black Monday.

All 20 episodes available to be binge. I mean, what else are you doing during this? You know, we're all just sitting around.

Why not watch Black Monday? Yeah. Am I right? Yeah. I mean, yeah, that that's been the big thing everyone's saying is what else are you doing? Try to show.

Everyone says like, oh, there's too much TV. There's too much TV. And also people are saying like, when are new movies coming out?

Well, you can't have it both ways. Watch all the old stuff that you haven't got around to.

True. But that being said, I did buy out a theater full of children. We're all going to see Christopher Nolan's tenant together. No masks. No masks. Sharing one soda. No straw. It's mouth. It just lives on the cup. Just and we're passing it for a person to person, much like Jesus in the fish.

I don't know how it's going to multiply, but I'm pretty sure we'll be okay.

Well, we do need to get to our next guest. He is the aforementioned financial advisor.

Oh, he's a returning guest. He's been on the show several times. Please welcome back to the show Douglas Gropes. Hi, Scott. Hi. Hi. Thank you so much.

Thank you so much for having me.

I know it's not an easy time for anyone. Think about where we are. Think about what we're doing.

Right? Think about all this. What a magical time. Also, it's not easy. It's not easy having you back on the show because you've given such poor financial advice in the past. And that's how it feels. It feels like I have not succeeded in the past.

It feels like I've fallen down on my face so many times in a row. But that is the key to somebody who finally will succeed, financially will succeed, financially, finally will succeed.

You keep trying, you get up and you walk forward. Don't run. Go slow. Look to fall again.

Very good. So what have you been doing since everything's happened? I mean, you know, I was living in my car and I'm not bragging about that. I'm just trying to make it sound like a cool thing.

But from there, I went during this whole the COVID crisis. I found an opportunity where I could go into places that are no longer open.

And I basically could have a, have you ever heard of the term frogging? I know the video game frogger.

It's like that except it's kind of, it's different. It's where you go into people's houses during the day when they're working. And you basically live in their house while they're gone. And then you find a little secret spot, little secret spot to hide at night when they come home. And they don't even know you're there. Maybe you play with them a little bit by eating a few extra blueberries out of the refrigerator. So they go, where? Hey, where are my blueberries? And you living up in the attic, you actually know where the blueberries you ate them.

You chuckle silently to yourself. Oh, I'm the one who ate them. Well, but that's where I've been staying. I've been frogging at some people's houses at a an AMC movie theater. I've been frogging on the entire UCLA campus I have had to myself.

It's honestly beautiful. And it's probably the richest lifestyle I've ever led. And it's all because of the opportunity of what's happening in society today.

What's the number one thing in the world that people need? And it's not besides besides things like love and water and a food, a shelter, a place to play after school. You know, it's the number one thing that people need. And this is something that I came up with. And I thought about as I was frogging, and I had a lot of time by myself to think of what's my next opportunity going to be. And I figured it out.

Gorgeous. Gorgeous cars.

Gorgeous cars are very important, but not more important than this being dip delivery service, delivery service. And in today's day and age, delivery service is honestly the number one needed product in the American and worldwide economic system. Did you think about it? Did you know that? I guess I didn't know. I didn't know it. You didn't know that. And I didn't know it until I did a certain amount of research.

So the company offshoot of my other companies is called you get it. You get it. You get it. You have to say with a question mark kind of going up at the end, you get it. You have to say, but otherwise people are just making an assumption. You get it. You get it. So I'm being polite. I'm being that's right being did. You get it. You get it. You get it. You get it. I'm starting too high. I'm starting to I got to start lower.

You can get it. Well, I was starting to I couldn't get quite up to the top of the notes. Start lower then start. I'm going to start lower. You get it. That's great. That's okay. I love hearing my plan come to life. Hearing you guys say that it makes me so happy. Here's how it works. And it's so simple.

It's so simple. Say you have something you need delivered.

Say it's a box of a bunch of soft cakes, a bunch of soft cakes that you need delivered. And I don't know. You can have them delivered anywhere in the world. Anywhere in the world. You need your soft cakes delivered somewhere in your world. Soft cakes. You come to me and I go, I'm going to deliver those soft cakes for and you give me just a simple flat fee plus other charges. And what I do from there is I go ahead and deliver that to where you need it delivered.

It's a $35 flat fee no matter where you want it delivered plus some other charges. Mr. Groves.

Yes. If I want a bunch of soft cakes delivered to the Jambirah in Hollywood. Yes. How do I get out of touch with me? Do you have a storefront? That's such a great question. Yeah. It sounds like we have to come to you.

You would come to me wherever I'm frogging at the moment.

Currently it's at Theater 16 at the Universal City Walk theaters. Oh, okay. That's one of the big ones.

Yeah, that is an alkony. You can say that again. It is one of the big ones. It has stadium seating and I've slept in every single chair. Now, listen, step two.

Now you owe me three deliveries for whatever I need delivered from somebody else. You become somebody who now will deliver three things for me wherever they need to go in the world.

So I pay you $35 plus some other charges.

And then I also owe you I need to deliver three things for you. No, you get to deliver. You then you're able to deliver three things from me, one of which may be the original soft cakes that you want to deliver. Okay. Maybe it doesn't have to be, but it could be, which is amazing to think of like what could be. Do we pay the $35 for each delivery? For the additional three, no, those will be funneled through me where I will collect the $35 plus some other charges. Once you deliver the three other items, then you are free until then you're sort of like my friend slash employee. Miss gross. Hi. This is Sally. Great.

Could you bite down for us a little bit of the extra charges? That's a great question and I'm glad you asked it. So step four, step four after you are free from your. There's a step after that.

Okay, I thought that would be the last step once you're free. You do commit to one year of anytime you send something that you have to return to me.

It's sort of like a contract.

And it's only like a contract. So it's like because you sign off on it.

It's like the rumple stiltskin clause or something like for a full year, we have to come back to you to that's exactly what it's called the rumple stiltskin clause. And I'm glad you brought that up.

It's almost like, is this where like you kill rumple stiltskin and you become him? Like the Santa Clause? God, I wish that could happen. And maybe it can because anything can happen in today's world.

Now, I know what you're saying. What if I don't want to deliver these things? What if I don't want to go say to do a, I don't know anything like a soft, a box of soft cakes. And I don't want to take that to land. Why do we talk you about soft cakes?

Have you delivered anything? And I'm just asking sincerely, have you delivered anything besides a soft cake yet? That's a great question.

And I'm glad you brought it up. And questions are the lifeblood of my business.

Right. I want you to know, I have delivered a couple packages, but only so far one. And it was a box of soft, soft, beautifully so soft cakes, almost undercut cakes. And I did better. You delivered better. Yeah. Yeah.

Mushy batter. Just liquid batter in a cobble box.

Yeah. And it didn't that part. We have to look past that because that was every business is going to go through its growing pains. And that didn't work out.

That delivery didn't actually occur because the batter did soak the cardboard so much that action and you're not going to believe this.

It's soaked through and leaked all over the street. We believe it.

Well, yeah, there's no part of me that doesn't believe it.

I know it's unbelievable. So what I'm saying is now we can move forward, right? We're starting to recognize the mistakes that I've had early on in the business. And now I'm ready to do a full launch, a full launch. What is step four? We have to come back to you within a year.

Step four is that you've signed off on a one year contract with me. And now when you do sign that contract, you have a choice. You can either have it one year or lifelong.

Now for lifelong, it's the same price.

Okay. Well, you know, they say with businesses, like the people that are investing, their biggest, what they come to the table with is the problems. So you can prove that that you have.

That you're the solution. Yeah. I think you say problems. I say wet wipes because they clean you up. Okay. But that's for the batter. My question is, is you know, like the post office, you can mail something. Wonderful place. I've never said anything bad about it ever.

Yeah. I love the USPS. But the thing about the post office is if you like give them a package, you pay and then you don't owe them a favor. So yeah, it pretty much ends the transaction, right? Exactly. And if that's what you're into, look, I'm not going to sit here and try to convince you that my business is better than the post office. Oh, you should be.

Mine is better than that. I'm going to sit here and tell you that having, oh, owing favors to friends and not just business partners is something that keeps you healthy. And it keeps you gritty.

And I also want to say, what's one of the biggest problems that is happening in this whole COVID crisis is that people aren't able to get their unemployment because they have jobs and they're making money with my system. With my system, you wouldn't be able to have a job because you'd be too busy traveling. You'd be too busy traveling in. So I'm sorry. It soft cake batter, which by the way, we're now delivering in bags inside the cardboard box tied up.

Okay. So wait, I just want to make sure. So you're the business also doesn't count as a job.

You said that. And why would it? That's one of the I did a study.

These are favors. Yeah, sir. These are favors. I did a study.

I did a study and I interviewed all these people, three people, and I asked them, two of them didn't answer me. And one of them, one of them said, my least favorite thing is a job.

Least favorite. So according to my study, people's least favorite thing is a job. So why would you not want to take them away from that job? Was this a study where you were walking around saying, working hard or hardly working to people? This that did coincide with that study. If that's what you're asking, the number one thing you want to do in business is multi study. So you just don't do one study at a time. These were people that were sitting in the movie theater the last day that it was opened. Mr. Groves. Mr. Groves. Hi, Ben. Hi. Hi. I was wondering, you said something about that. It will keep you gritty. Listen, do I mean keep you gritty, keep you tough? Yeah, but I also mean keep you dirty, keep you dirty, because I put you on a timeline where you're not going to have time to clean yourself and take showers. You're going to have to have these packages delivered overnight, sometimes every time overnight, no matter where it is in the world. Will it be on your dime? Yeah, getting back to those extra charges that you're going to have to travel yourself.

You have to pay for that travel yourself. And I do not want you traveling coach. Pay for the upgrade. What's the thing you get out of this? You just become a better person? Well, you become a you become a better person. You get the excitement. Have you ever done a favor for a friend? And it feels good, right? Yeah, I see where you're coming from.

And this is where the name of the company comes in. You get it. You get it. You will get it.

You get it. We'll get one email. You get who are supposed to get the package. Get one email the next day. No, nothing in the text that you email just in the subject line. It says you get it.

Question mark and says, don't respond.

Don't respond to this email. I mean, tell me right now, are you in or are you in real hard?

Okay, I'm ready to answer this question. I think I'm in but I need answers to a couple of things.

One, are you? Where are you right now? I am in seat six A of the AMC theater 16 at the city walk in Los Angeles, California, universal city.

I am not supposed to be here.

You might hear an excitement to the tone of my voice, but there's also a whisper because we do have a security guard who comes up and down and I have to time it out. So every once in a while, I'm going to have to get quiet. Okay, that's cool. Can I ask a question, Mr. Groves? I'm so sorry.

You got it. I just, you know, as someone who is excited about this, I want to clear about that. I love that. I love that. I'm pretty much on board. I just is one more thing.

Because when you introduce the idea, you said it was to get something delivered. It was $35 and then extra fees. And then as you went on later, I know you said that as you being the person who has to do the delivery, you actually incur the extra fees.

You got it. So those are the extra fees.

This is working. You guys are understanding the $35 plus extra fees goes to me. The charges that you get to spend, you're allowed to spend, come out of your own pocket. And why? Because those are expenditures that are going to fulfill you and make you feel great about life.

Getting excited. So we're paying extra charges twice because if we're getting something delivered, we're paying extra charges. And then also, yes, absolutely.

And here's the best part.

Here's the best part. No tips allowed. So if you deliver something, I have a strict no tip policy.

The most they can do is offer you a little bit of the product that got delivered.

So if you do want some of the very soft, almost wet, it's like a wet cake. If you do want some of that, they may offer it. You can't ask for it. But you might walk away. Why is that?

How come that's all you deliver? Well, so far, I'm just coming up with examples.

It's the one thing that you've delivered at this point. So you could get anything delivered. Say besides you want something. Can you think of one other thing that you have delivered?

Big box of wet cookies. Just a box of wet, fluffy, not soggy, but wet. Any non-batter related things that you can do for some majority of things delivered are going to be better related.

And why? Well, that's just something we're best at and we have experience doing.

But guys, here's what I'm saying. It's easy to get down right now. It's real easy to get down and with everything that's happening. How great would it be to get outside, grab stuff that somebody else has owned and wants you to go deliver to somebody else.

Take a nice relaxing, probably pretty long flight, but possibly terribly short flight. Right. So this is all pre-owned stuff?

Well, that's part of our system. That's a good question.

Because it's coming from people's houses, it has to have been owned by them even for a brief period.

Okay. So you're not allowed to ship anything that you don't own?

No. And they will transfer ownership to me. So if I do say I chose to keep it, say they had like a box of, well, you can keep it. You can keep the thing that they gave you. Well, of course, it would be silly if they if you couldn't keep it. That wouldn't make sense, would it?

Say someone loans you something like a, I don't know, just as an example, some soft, soft cakes.

Well, if I want to ship something myself, if it's my box of wet, soggy, wet, wet cakes, why did you have this box to begin with? Well, I honestly, they weren't supposed to be wet and or soggy. And they were supposed to be fully cooked cakes at this point?

It was somebody, it was from a previous business that I had called wedding. You have in one?

Wedding wedding. Well, that's where things got that's where things got confused.

Because the baker that I had make the cake, they assumed because I spelt it W E T T.

He assumed you wanted it just to be bad. He did. He and I don't know. I don't know what happened, but I still try to send them and it didn't work out. But, but could it get better? Can it get better?

Will it get better? You should answer. You should say yes.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Yes. Then yes. Then yes. If you guys are backing me up, then yes. If you're not backing me up, then, you know, I've got a lot of things to think about and I've got to, I didn't want to bring it up, but I know I have to be out of the AMC. By the time ten it opens. Yeah, definitely.

Yeah, because then it's coming out, baby. And I got, I got a theater full of kids that are excited to see it. Well, so grope, are you crying? You're also swallowing a lot, which is just like a show because tears are a way of hide when you have so little hydration that I've had, because the soda machine stopped working about, honestly, about six weeks ago, the soda machine stopped. Oh my God. No. So I've been recycling all the liquid in my body since then.

So, but you haven't been drinking water? Like, no, no, all the faucets and the plumbing is down.

So it's not a, it's been pretty hard. I have been drinking urine. I filter it.

For what? Through, through a seat.

To a seat. To a movie theater seat. Yes, through a movie.

So, so you sit on the movie theater seat and you let your day, your day will die, or drip and piss out of it through a seat. Then you put a cup underneath to catch your own pistol and movie theater. I wish I had a cup. I have to time it out so that I pee through the seat and then I quickly go down and show it like I'm changing the oil in a car. I shoved myself underneath the seat and I just wait and I wait and by the way, I lose a couple drops each time. So, I'm down to a very short, small, urine process right now.

Let me tell you something. You need to talk to Charlie if they're wrong. Yeah. That must, if you heard that previous segment, your mouth must have been watering. To be honest, yeah. I'm very, so if you ask me, if you look at me and you see me crying and I'm drinking my tears, hell yeah, I'm drinking my tears and that's part of the reason I have to get out of here because I have to go find a water source. I don't know. Are you guys in? This doesn't seem like a... Tell me you're in.

I'll say this. I don't know a lot about money and investing, but I have $35 in theory that feels like... Oh, man, as well. Oh. He dips in.

I think you should come live at the top of your in Hollywood at the invitation extension.

That's the nicest thing anybody has ever said to me. And yes, I will take you up on that. In fact, I'm on my way now. Great. Well, yeah, I'm watering. Dummy.

I'm in too. I got in. Scotting. We got a business. We got a business. So, I'm going to give you guys this right off the bat. I'm going to give you a trial run. I have sent a just something random to your places. And by that, I mean, you guys can come pick them up at the W when I get there. But these are boxes of soft wet cakes.

Oh, yeah. How could we have known?

Different flavors. Okay. That's twist. Late third act twist.

To what state?

What state? It's wet. It's very... Oh, no, no. State. State in the United States.

What state are you not a state? Mr. Globe? Oh, I'm sorry.

That's not. This is going to Palestine.

And you guys are going to... This is your trial run for $35 plus charges that we can discuss later.

Don't get mixed up in the numbers. Okay. Well, I guess we're all locked into this.

You guys free next week to go to Palestine together? You guys gotta go today.

All right. Well, we still have one segment left on the show.

Is that right after that?

Okay. We do need to take a break. When we come back, we're going to have a singer on the show.

That's very exciting. We'll be right back with more comedy bang bang after this.

Comedy bang bang. We are back. We have Yasser Lester, who is from Black Monday, all episodes. And I'm talking 20 of them are available to be streamed right now.

We also have Bean Dip here from the W Hotel, who has graciously offered a room to our other guest Douglas Gropes and Douglas. It looks like you've arrived at the W already. I mean, that was a quick trip down the 101 freeway. Yeah. Yeah.

Yeah. I flew.

Yeah. From the Burbank airport. Helicopter from AMC. Helicopter.

And you guys, just as like a favor, will split that cost. Well, also, I mean, Mr. Gropes have been clear, the only reason he came in helicopter here is because he is injured.

That is true. Yeah. How are you injured? What exactly happened?

Well, because of my dehydration, I have lost the tips of each of the ends of all my extremities, just the tips. So so 10 toes, 10 fingers and a penis. Oh, yeah. I said the tips. Yes.

Just the tip. Just the tips. So yours, can I just ask yours just ends.

Like an infinity pool. Like an infinity pool. Oh, yeah.

Yeah. Can you see the sunset off that thing? Yeah. Oh, you have no idea.

Well, speaking of no idea, I have no idea who our next guest is. This is the 66th episode after the 600th episode, which makes that, I guess, episode 666.

And we have a singer I'm being told coming on to the show.

And let me introduce him here.

Let me get his information here and. Oh, wait a minute.

This, I know who this is this.

This is a singer we've had on the show before. Please welcome back to the show Leo Carpazzi.

Thank you. Thank you, Scott. What a thrill to return to the program on your 666th episode.

What a milestone. I'd not really, I mean, it's not like 650 or it's not like breaking off another hundo or anything like that. But what are you doing here, Leo? Don't I usually see you in October? Yes. Well, because it's the 666 episode, which is the number of the beast, famously associated with the macabre. It's a human number.

A human number. But I am a, but I mean, you know, it's associated with devilry with Lucifer with Satan, whatever name you want to call him.

And I am, I too am associated with the dark arts. I, as you know, have composed one of the greatest, perhaps the greatest Halloween novelty song of all time, the monster mash back in 1962, popularized by Bobby Boris Pickett that same year. Now exact same year. Was that a coincidence that he popularized it that exact same year? Well, I guess it was kind of the studio the label had paired me, the songwriter with Bobby Boris Pickett, the front man, and said, you take this ball and run with it. And I did the job I was hired to do. And he, he went and became a, so that was the normal process was someone who would write a song and then the person would popularize it within 12 calendar months. Yes. In the same way that Lenin and McCartney popularize many of their own songs immediately. It's the same process. Well, not immediately. They would usually have to record it. They wouldn't, you know, that's true. As they were playing it, it wouldn't become popular. No, there is a little bit of lead time associated with the recording industry. But I wrote the song, the monster mash in 1962. And as I've explained on the show before, the one that became popular was not my original vision for the song.

That's right. We've heard your original plans for the monster mash. Yes. What exactly were those plans? Well, the monster imagery that I created for the original version was just too vivid, too disturbing. And the label would not allow it to see the light of the day, too descriptive, too descriptive. So I came up with the sanitized version.

That's the one that everyone knows and loves, sings every Halloween. And the one that we all know and love, how does that go? That goes something like Dracula's Bob and apples or I can't really remember the words. Yeah, I mean, there's a lot that goes on that. Honestly, I've kind of lost familiarity with it.

I don't think I've ever heard it as much as your version, which I've heard far too many times.

Yeah. Well, I'm here for your 666 episode with some big news, which is that when I've come on the show before, I always say that I have a new song, a new composition, and I end up playing the same song that I always do. My original version of the monster mash. Well, things have changed.

Oh, I wrote a new song for your 666 episode. And let me tell you, I'm aware of my raunchy reputation and I leaned into it. I'm not I'm not running away from it.

I'm leaning into it. You're leaning into it. Okay, so you've always been sort of like, you know, modern day Andrew Dice Clay, who's trying to distance himself from his hickory dickory Doc days.

Right. Well, I got, you know, I predate.

And I predate the dice man. I mean, I was on the 60s. I mean, he cometh back in the late 80s.

That's true. And you you are having your monsters cometh, you know, back in the 60s.

We both had our blue periods that we distance ourselves from. But I have I have decided, you know what? That's what I'm known for. That's my gimmick. I have composed a new song for your 666 episode.

And it is a little lewd. It is called so it's blue. It's blue. Okay. It is called, but also red, like the flames of hell. Okay. Because like that, Dennis in of the underworld Satan himself.

That's correct. With his pointy tail horns, his fork, poke in the butt with it. Sure. It's no good.

The song that I have composed is called again, I'm leaning into the ranch.

six, six, six, six, six. Now, is this are the two sixes spelled out? So the title looks symmetrical.

Or is it the number six, the number six, and then sex? I didn't think of how to put it to paper, but I think your first pitch is better. I think we'd write out six.

What about a combo? Like us? So it's at least it's kind of like a teeter-totter with two words at the end. It's like a six and then a number six and then sex at the end. So it's like, wow, this could go anywhere. That to me, I'm picturing that and that seems like the name of a sound cloud wrapper, which is really not my aesthetic. But I like it. I still like a six, six, six, let's do it. The first one's the word, the second one's a number and the third one's the word. Okay. So this is a, here's the issue to me, Leo. Yes. Every time you've come on the show and you've done it at this point seven times at least, that's correct. Usually on the Halloween shows, you lure me in by saying you've written a new song. You tell me the title and it sounds like it's going to be a new song. And then you just sing the same song over and over with no variation. I just want to make sure that that's not happening anymore because that's why I stopped asking you on the show in the first place. Right. Scott, I assure you, this is a completely new song that I wrote from scratch.

Look, can you swear on a loved one's life? I know that you wasn't your daughter, Scareline. Didn't she die? You said the last time you were on the show? Yes, my granddaughter, Scareline, unfortunately passed away. But she did participate in this new song. She laid down her vocals from heaven. So she does have a presence on this, this all new track.

Okay, will you, will you at least say that should you be lying that that your granddaughter, Scareline will be cast out of heaven and be submerged in the pits of hell at the very least?

I, in a, I will say that in a heartbeat because you're telling the truth. Yes. Made my granddaughter be cast out of heaven and into hell. If this is not a wholly original song.

All right. Well, that's what that's those are the assurances I need. So okay. Okay.

I'm willing to hear this. Okay. So this is a brand new song.

This is exciting. This is Leo Carpazzi, who has not written a song since 1962, the same year that his previous song was popularized.

This is a brand new song called six six sex by Leo Carpazzi.

Let's hear it.

I was working in the lab late one night when my eyes beheld an eerie sight for my monster from his slab began to rise and suddenly to my surprise, his trousers dropped right to the floor.

With his bottom there, he ran to the door. I said Frankenstein, what's gotten into you?

He said my dick is hard and I need to screw. He did the fuck. He did the monster fuck.

It was a graveyard fuck. He did the fuck. That monster sucked and fucked. He did the fuck.

He did the monster fuck part six six sex. From my laboratory, I heard quite the racket.

Deep in the castle, the vampires jacked it. The zombies all fucked in the graveyard grass.

Wolf man wolf down Frankenstein's ass. They did the fuck.

They did the monster fuck.

It was a graveyard fuck. Those monsters sucked and they fucked. They did the fuck.

The beast all fucked as the orgy spread. Bigfoot gave the headless horseman head.

Swamp thing jerked off in the castle. While Frankenstein gagged from the jizziness throat, the fucking was wet. There was spoons like mad. Igor decided to fuck his own dad. The mummy let out a horny moan when Madduce's bad tits turned his dick to stone. They did the monster fuck.

It was a graveyard fuck. Those monsters sucked and they fucked. They did the monster fuck. And Frankenstein's bride was horny as hell.

The hunchback went bare back and rang her bell. She got titty fucked by a giant spider. She's made the strings in her hair much wider.

She fucked every monster come one come all. Her three holes were filled like a bowling ball.

And while skeletons boned his undead bride, Frankenstein just jacked off and cried.

It's now the monster fuck. And it's a graveyard fuck. Those monsters sucked and they fucked.

You should fuck. No, you can monster fuck part six, six, six, six. Depraved. They're all depraved.

Okay. And that's the new song.

That was the exact same thing, Leo, and you have to admit it. You have to admit that the only deviation from all the other times you've done it is occasionally, not even every time you've said, six, six, six. Yeah, the first and the final chorus.

Right. Look, it's a new song. It's a new compass. I started this from scratch and I can't. I have my things that work for me. I have my hook and I just, you know, like I said, I leaned into the ranch. I leaned into what I know. Even you have to admit that this is the exact same thing. Why would you do this to me? It's look, it's a similar song. It's got a similar structure. 99.9% of it is similar.

I will say this. Look at Russia's discography. A lot of their allies are treading the same ground.

Sure. But they're not singing about Tom Sawyer and Huckleberry Finn every goddamn song. I mean, maybe that was their mistake. It might have been as that song was gangbusters. Look, I'm sorry, Leo, but I'm afraid that your granddaughter isn't going to be cast into hell now and you know that that's true, right? You knew that coming in. Well, to be honest with you, Scaralyn was looking to get out of heaven. Really? Why? It's kind of a lame scene. You know, all your do-gooders are up there. People who saw that PSA about not downloading a car and they're like, Oh, I won't, I won't pirate a movie ever. It's all those kind of folks. You got Jimmy on guitar and John Bonham on drums and David Bowie on Vox. It's not like that. Really? No, you got Jimmy Carter on guitar. He's not even dead yet. Jim has a press time as of press time. So he's making trips up there. He'll pop up spare time. He's not very good.

Well, look, Leo, you've done it to me again and I don't appreciate it. I don't want you to ever return. Is that okay? Yeah, I'm okay if this is my final appearance. Happy 666 episode.

Okay, Leo. It's a man. What a milestone in podcasting.

Congratulations.

It certainly is. Just 666 more. Well, guys, we're running out of time. We just have time for one final feature on the show and that is a little something called plugs.

It's that Beautiful. That was harmonious plugs theme by Lost and Found. Our old friend Lost and Found, who I believe has a soundcloud himself speaking a soundcloud.

All right, guys, what are we plug in? Yes, sir. Obviously Black Monday. People can watch that.

Yeah, Black Monday on Showtime streaming, Duncanville on who are you on that? Yeah, I play a character named Yang Z. I'm a little cartoon, a little cartoon version of me. Again, there is no acting involved. I am not good at that. So it is my voice over a cartoon who looks almost exactly like me. Again, there's no talent in where can people see any of your stand up? Are you do you have any specials out there or?

I have one on I don't have any specials. There's one on Comedy Central.com.

There's like a set.

And then the rest of them were locked away in the Epstein rate. He had a few copies of the DVDs that I was selling. And those are gone now. But those were my good sets. Those are the best ones.

And you're always a great Twitter follow. So people can check out what you're doing out there.

All right. Bean dip. What do you want to plug?

Well, I just like to invite everybody to come to the W for lunch inside the W. We will not be having outdoor seating. You could come inside the W. And also I just like to tell people watch some, watch some stuff that my friends do on what you could stream a show called the Rochester Jumpstones or HBO Girl, HBO Max, whatever you like. And there's a cartoon coming up called the fungees or Cartoon Network. Is that the foodies you mean or?

No, no, no, no.

One time. G Scott fungees like people who are mushrooms. Oh, okay. I ended up there's a podcast coming out of audible called letters from camp. That's that's a fictional non podcast that people might enjoy. Okay, very good. Douglas Gropes. What are you plugging? The website is not officially up, but it should be within the next couple of months, www dot you get it good like you should with gropes dot edu slash backslash. You you get it backslash cake batter. Also, this is a cake batter website. You're selling cake batter.

I'm not going to commit to that. But if you got ideas, I'm willing to sit down around a table and listen and check out some check out season three of the last OG on TBS. Hopefully they come back. But who knows this world's crazy. It is crazy. Leo, I'm going to give you an opportunity to plug something. Go ahead. Yes, please listen to the monster mash on your streaming service of choice. I still get royalties from composing that song. And then also my late granddaughter Scariline wanted me to plug corporate on Comedy Central to show she worked on the third and final season premieres Wednesday, July 22nd at 10 30 p.m. So check out corporate on Comedy Central.

All right. So that that is on currently that was it premiered last Wednesday, I believe. So very good. And I'll plug. I think you probably just have a few more days to check out comedy bang bang on Netflix. I think they're taking it off again for whatever reason. Maybe it'll be back on the day after like last time. Who knows? I have no idea what's going on. They don't tell me. All right. Let's close up the old plug bag. You start with a seal when you want to close it up. You leave you with an L and then you hold.

We love the blood bag. Hold me. Shake your hand and open it up.

The ratio comes to that heat just says.

The movement of my life. It ain't the paradise.

And then say it. Oh, I love the little. Open it up. The plug bag. Open it up. The plug bag. Open it up. The plug bag. Open it up. The plug bag. Everybody want to open it up.

The plug bag. Keep it fucking open up. The plug bag.

Open it up. Open it up.

All right, guys. Want to thank you so much. Yes, sir. Great to see you. And continued success with Black Monday. Hopefully it comes back for a season three and all those unanswered questions get resolved.

Or they don't. And people will just forget.

Sure. Who knows? Who knows what can happen.

You know, that's the way TV works. Yeah, of course. Leo Carpazzi.

Please don't return. Even though even though you're on brew and though you do. What is it?

You'll see. Okay. Bean dip.

Huh. Great to see you.

Great to see you. I'll see you tonight.

Oh, please don't come by and Douglas Gropes.

Hey, great to be here. Have fun in Palestine.

Yeah, we're all leaving right now.

You can stay there as long as you want. Just be prepared for your next package delivery, which you'll have to come back to me and get. We're going to make this work.

Remember, if you're not failing, if you're not falling on your face.

Oh, you really should end that. That's you need the second half of that equation.

I think you can't just stop there. I'm working on it.

Okay, by the way, when you come back next time, have it.

All right, we'll see you next time.

Thanks. Bye.

Bye.

♪♪♪♪ Okay.
