♪♪♪ I wish I may, I wish I might squeeze a little juice tonight.

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

Thank you to Edward James, almost famous for that catchphrase submission.

And welcome to Comedy Bang Bang for another week.

We are, of course, deep in the throes of Augie Doggy now.

And Augie Doggy to remember Augie Doggy 2020, best Augie Doggy of our lives.

And we have a very interesting show coming up this time, this time.

We have a little later in the show.

We have a newcomer to Los Angeles.

We also have a singer-songwriter.

We have an actor-producer.

And we also have a band, a musical combination.

What a packed show this is incredible.

My name is Scott Ochermann, and I am some of those things, but certainly not all for I have lived in Los Angeles for a while now.

Why don't we get to our first guests?

They are the aforementioned band, the musical combination.

And this is, I believe they are making their third appearance on the show, collectively, perhaps, for the three albums that they have out.

They have a new album out called Paradiso.

It just came out in stores.

People can get it now.

And they are going to be playing songs from that album on the show today.

Please welcome back to the show Mike, Tim, and Jefferson.

That's right, the sloppy boys.

Hello, guys.

Hi, Scott.

How are you?

Hey, I like that you ask a question and then you might immediately take a drink of water, is there will be no more required from you?

I'm pretty much done from here on it.

This guy is off the clock.

These guys will do the rest.

Sloppy boys, Paradiso, of course, is the record.

This is your third album, is that right?

That's right.

In as many years.

Wow, so you're a one album per year cycle.

This is like a prince, early prince era.

Sure.

I'll only go back to my water.

Okay, Mike's out for a while.

Tim, can you feel this maybe?

To answer that question, yes, we're exactly like prince in every possible way, really.

But the one thing I do want to say comparing you to prince, aka the purple one, aka the symbol.

Oh, this guy is going to drop that whole thing.

But I do want to compare you to prince thusly.

He appeared on the album in 1900 and I want to say eight.

No, 1988.

Cut to 80 years later.

How old is this guy?

We really want to set this scene.

In 1988, he appeared on his album cover for the record entitled Love Sexy in the new.

That's right.

In the buff.

Which is something that you guys have done for this album, Paradiso.

Is that right?

That's right.

That's true because we're saying here we are.

This is us.

No major label bullshit.

The real us.

When I say in the new prince, we all wanted to see it.

He had the audacity to lift his leg up a smidge and cover that dingle.

But you guys don't.

Dingleberry?

Yeah, he had a dingleberry.

Oh, God.

He was trying to obscure.

That's pretty awful.

I'll take a look at this later.

Reschedule the photo shoot at that point.

But you guys are just letting it fly out there on the cover of your record.

With your real penises, this is not any kind of Photoshop situation.

No.

And that is a photograph too.

That's not a pain.

Well, this, I mean, what more needs to be said about the record?

I mean, that's, that's sold me.

Did you get a copy this time?

And last time we talked.

I did.

You know, your previous two records, you have not sent me either of them.

No, I think it's not true.

It's entirely true.

The first album, I took a look at it.

I've told you this before on the show.

I've hovered over that purchase button on iTunes so many times.

And I look at the, the total length and it's under 30 minutes.

And it's full price.

It's at 9.99, 12.99, something like that.

I've just, I've just hovered over that so many times going, I want this record, but I don't want to pay that much.

And then I, what about the Spotify?

No, I don't, I don't fuck with Spotify.

I've asked you for a free copy so many times and you still have not sent me the first two records.

We got a zenie something because you can't be hovering like this guy.

You got, you've got a podcast network.

You got a wife.

You've got things you got to do.

And in that order, by the way.

I have importance.

Yeah, I've got them charted out on my wall and I just looked over one, two, two, three, who charted.

Oh, that's very true.

We're going to be hearing songs from you guys a little later, but we do have to get to our first guest.

Is that okay?

Or did you have something that was really pressing you want to say Tim?

Alrighty, Dom.

Okay.

Yeah.

Hold it up to the camera if you could.

If it's important enough, I'll call on you.

We have to get to our, I don't consider you guys to be our first guests, your family.

It's like we're in the Olive Garden here.

But this next guy does qualify as a guest.

He is in a movie currently streaming on Hulu as well as being in drive-in theaters, I believe, called Palm Springs, which up till now has just been a location.

It has been a city in California.

It's not been a movie.

But I will say that a few weeks ago, it became two things.

It became a city and a movie.

And this is a great movie that I really enjoyed and I wanted to, you know, give him a little help, give him the CBB bump and just see if we could get some more eyeballs on this thing.

Please welcome back.

He's been on the show all 11 years we've been doing it.

Please welcome back to the show Andy Samberg.

Hello, Andy.

Hi, not family.

Not family.

Not like the sloppy boys.

No, just a guest.

How are you?

Great to see you.

You too, bud.

How are you?

I'm good.

You seem to be in front of, I want to call that a painting, but it could be like a Japanese, what do you call those screens that sort of make partitions?

Yeah, it's like a screen partition.

Yeah.

What's painted on it then?

It looks like bamboo.

Yeah, bamboo, birds, leaves.

Bamboo and birds, leaves, everything.

Yeah, you'll be shocked to know it's Joanna's.

Really?

Yeah.

It's not really your aesthetic.

That's not the kind of thing you would buy necessarily.

No, I didn't track this one down.

If you were to buy a screen, what would be on it?

Wayne's World and Bill and Dad and Jit.

Of course.

Yeah.

Welcome back to the show.

It's great to see you.

You are, of course, one complete third of the Lonely Island.

I won't get into the split with you who gets more, who gets less.

It's equal.

Yeah, much to my chagrin.

Who knew that you would pop the way you did?

We were dumb and we read Hot Chili Pepperditt right out of the gate.

Now you're in this, of course, this movie Palm Springs, which came out on Hulu.

We talked about it on the previous episode back in February, I believe, when you were on with Nick Kroll, where it was the largest sale at Sundance, which is a film festival in Utah, the largest sale ever of all time.

Yeah.

And it sold to Hulu.

I'm sorry Scott, this deal was made on a ship.

This was, why would you think it was on a ship?

You're just talking about big sales and I just got very confused.

Oh, I'm assuming the listener is confused as well.

Okay, no, no, no.

But you knew that the sale was something that took place.

So you knew it was S.A.

Ellie.

I was part of the deal and I thought it was on a ship the way you described that.

That was very confusing.

This is a great movie.

I watched it.

I'm not going to lie.

I watched it the day it came out.

No sloppy boys situation for me.

I didn't cover it all.

I am.

Wow.

Nice.

You're a master.

You treat family that way.

That's really rough.

I'll catch up with you guys at Thanksgiving.

Yeah.

Okay.

Better to be a guest if you want your content consumed.

But I made a night of it.

I lock the doors.

I said, no one burgled me tonight.

I have plans.

And I shoot away the neighbors who are gawking at the windows and I said, no, this is for me and my wife only.

And I come nightfall, which occurred at approximately 837 that night.

Yeah.

I wanted to make sure that I could see the screen perfectly.

I turned it on and boy, I tell you, this was, look, not a lot of movies have come out this year.

Right.

Oh, this may not sound like a flex, but it is the best movie of the year so far.

Would you not agree?

Well, I'm too scared to watch Invisible Man.

So I'm going to say yes.

Well, you know, the good thing about Invisible Man is it's not scary because he can't see him.

Oh, I didn't think of it that way.

Well, like nothing's going on on the screen.

Just people are going, oh, oh, but you know, I mean, look, it's one of the last movies it's ever going to come out or be made.

I think we got a real shot.

You got a shot of the Oscars.

I truly believe unless they pull some bullshit like saying, you know what, the Oscars, we're just going to skip a year because nothing came out other than Palm Springs.

Right.

You know, unless they pull some cock-eyed bullshit like that, I think you guys are kind of a lock for best picture.

From your mouth to my ears and God's rear.

From my ears to God's rear.

It's a human centipede situation with God here.

I was sticking my ears up God's rear sloppy boys.

You see the Palm Springs movie.

I saw it.

I loved it.

I think I saw it maybe the first day or second day as well.

It's got a jump right now.

I said first day and you're trying to go on.

You're trying to go on to my compliment.

I think I may have waited till the second day.

It may not the same thing.

I go back through my diary and check.

But yeah, I thought it was great.

I laughed.

I had a great time.

I loved it.

Fantastic.

Thanks, SBS.

Hey, if we were in the Academy, you would have our votes.

All right.

What do we got to do to get the sloppy boys in the Academy here?

We could act in a major motion picture and get nominated and then maybe we're doing Andrew's.

We could do anything.

Yeah, he's crazy.

But how would you describe Palm Springs to the uninitiated?

It's just like...

No, I'm sorry.

I'm asking the sloppy boys.

Sorry, sloppy boys hit it.

What I would do is I would say if you're not initiated, don't initiate.

Just watch the film because I had seen the trailer and I told my wife, honey, I love you.

Don't watch that trailer.

Just go in fresh.

And does she listen to you?

She slapped my face and said, you fat fuck.

No, come on.

That's not nice.

You're the average man.

I mean, if you were to look up a Google search of average man, you're one of the first pictures that comes up.

And I love that if you type in Tim Calpakis in a Google that average man is the first thing that comes up.

And I love it.

I love if someone's checking me out for a writing job or something, they see a picture of me in my underwear.

It's that white.

It's those white boxers you wear, right?

Yeah, everything you slap.

I'm saying you like it's you.

It's a cartoon.

It has my face.

It has my haircut.

It has my bulge.

But don't Google it.

Type in Tim Calpakis probably going to join the academy.

There he is.

Guys, I found it.

It didn't take much digging.

I guess that's more of a boxer brief.

It's not a boxer.

So Palm Springs, who described it?

Oh, don't describe it as what we're saying.

Just check it out, right?

Yes.

That's my advice.

Because the premise of the movie is so charming.

I had the same situation now.

I'd never watched that trailer.

But I did have approximately 1.5 conversations with you all about the movie between you and Akiba.

I had a couple conversations, just shy of a couple about the movie.

So I knew the plot going in.

And whereas my wife, Koolop, the minute it sort of clicked for her, she laughed and said, I didn't know this and she was in and enjoyed it.

And so it's almost like you get an extra bit of fun out of it if you don't know the premise.

Yes, I would say most people who are going to like it either way.

But if you know nothing going in, you enjoy it more.

It's more fun.

So I would say try not to even learn anything about Palm Springs, the location.

Smart.

You know?

Yeah.

Like Mike, what are three things you know about Palm Springs?

Having ever been there or read about it?

I'd say it's covered in snow.

This place has a lot of evergreen trees everywhere and the wind is whipping through it almost constantly.

Okay.

So if you think that you're in for a lot of surprises when you see the movie.

Right.

Andy, how is the movie doing on Hulu?

Because the weekend after it came out, they put out a press release that said like, hey, Palm Springs, don't have to worry about that.

That did pretty pretty well for us.

But what are we talking to?

They call you up on Monday and say, Andy, don't tell anyone.

But this is how many people watching this fucking great.

They did the same thing to me and the other folks that made it as they did to the public, which was acted super excited but wouldn't tell us any numbers.

So that's cool.

You're never going to believe it.

It got the most views of any movie out of the three movies that have ever been on Hulu.

And we were like, neat.

Everyone I know has seen it.

It seems like it's a big hit.

It's a and again, I mean, I think you're looking at a silence of the lamb situation where you're taking best picture, best actor, best actress, best director, best screenplay.

I mean, everything is is all the awards are coming your way this year.

I think guaranteed no matter what we're a lock, no matter what comes out.

Nothing's coming out.

Do you really think tenants coming out?

Tenant?

Yeah, it'll wipe the floor with you.

It's not coming up before 2021.

Tenant?

I don't know that tenet's going to wipe the floor with us in an awards sense.

Well, I mean, maybe, maybe technical awards.

Oh, someone's snooty about tenet.

Oh, we don't know yet.

Tenet might be a deadly.

We don't know.

When you said awards, I was only thinking technical awards.

I don't really pay attention to the above the line.

Yeah.

I'm with it.

Yeah, you want to know who's taking home like edit sound editing.

Yeah.

I mean, it's a success, right?

Do you feel like it's a success?

It's always weird when you sell something to a streamer and they won't tell you how many people saw it and you don't know.

But it feels it does it feel like one?

It feels like an artistic success, at least.

Yes, I feel like it's gotten good reviews, not that I care about that.

And it's also been a lot of like my friends and colleagues have gone out of their way to say, Hi, we watched it and it was good.

Um, which is kind of how we gauge it.

Mm hmm.

So like, you know, Scott, for example, you texted me and said, Hey, nice movie.

Hey, why wouldn't I?

You know, if I see a movie that was shit, if it was dog shit, well, I'll tell you what, if I had the phone number of anyone who's ever been in a movie, uh, through the years, I might have texted 10 people over the years to say, Hey, nice movie Harrison Ford for the fugitive.

Right.

Tom Hanks for the double whammy of Philadelphia.

And Forrest Gump.

That would be too on a run.

You hit Hanks up for that?

Sure.

You're like, okay.

Um, but you're one of the only movie stars that I have the number of.

So, uh, you know, put out more movies.

I'll text you more.

Uh, noted and will do.

Have you ever texted someone that you like their thing, even though you really didn't like it?

You don't have to name any names, but also will you tell us who?

I don't really do that.

No, I, I, because it's very easy now to say, Oh, I just haven't caught up with it yet, much like the Sloppy Boys first two albums.

So you ever them in Dola.

But you can say, you can say, just say Sloppy Boys, congratulations on your albums.

They sound great.

We'll take that as a compliment.

It's actually easier to lie about an album saying you've heard it because when they go, Oh, would you like about it?

You can always say, Oh, I love the first song in the last song because every album has a first song and a last song.

The first movie, how do you say that?

Like, what do you, what do you like about it?

Oh, the first scene in the last scene at like it's that you sound like a liar then, you know, I guess that's true.

You could say the dark night of the soul.

Sure.

I like to act one.

I like the fun and games and all the movies.

Sure.

Tim, how would that go?

I'd be like, Hey, did you see my movie?

I love the dark night of the soul by Andrew.

Yeah, he saw it.

This guy saw the movie.

He really saw it.

And also I felt like I was trapped in the belly of the beast at one point.

Yeah.

When you saved that cat.

Oh, but speaking of cats, there's this cat, JK Simmons who's in the movie.

This is the second time you've worked with him, isn't it?

He's fun, right?

That was such a bummer that segue.

I like broke my spirit.

I wasn't the pandemic in the quarantine.

Was that so you're not going to text me later about that segue?

Yeah, JK Simmons is a great guy.

He's not related to that notorious turf JK Rowling, right?

No, they're not related by JK, but I have constantly asked him if his name is just kidding Simmons and he does not like it.

He doesn't like it, really.

No, he hates it.

How much does he put up with before he just snaps and like turns all whiplash on you?

Very little, but I kind of dig it.

So I, I bait him on purpose and then kind of delight in the abuse.

Yeah, but so like if I'm scolding him like, like his mother, I'll be like, just kidding Simmons.

Get in here.

Do you get to scold him because you're a producer on this movie?

Does that mean you can scold any of the actors?

It doesn't, doesn't work.

I mean, JK, we would definitely not work because he's, he's, we're all aware he's like they're doing us a favor.

He's unscoldable when it comes to that.

He's pretty unscoldable.

How many, how many days did he do on the movie?

If I had to guess.

Yeah, I guess.

Three hours.

Correct.

Really?

That really impresses me then because he fit a lot in.

I want to say three, maybe three and a half Scott.

I think you're right on.

Yeah.

I like to watch movies and guess how many days everyone worked.

That's, yeah.

That's how your review, your review site works, right?

Yeah.

I'm guessing you did 20.

I shot all 21 days of 21 days, 21.

All right.

I'm not far off.

This is not, I mean, this is kind of impressive.

That's a short shoot.

That's an indie.

It is.

Yeah, it was.

It wasn't indie.

And of course we're not talking about Indiana Jones films, although would you do one of those with my, the aforementioned Harrison Ford from the fugitive?

Yeah.

I would love to be in and play Indiana Jones.

And I think I should.

What if you were the grown up Shia Labouf from the last one?

That makes sense to me.

Do the indies have to bring their own whips or is that, do you think the studio provides that?

I'd read somewhere all the indies who get cast.

They have to bring their own whips.

That's a big part of the idea.

I think you're thinking of James Bond, he has to bring his own gun and Aston Martin.

Oh, I'm so stupid.

Okay.

Yeah.

But I tell you what, you're going to want to wear a heavy coat and a helmet when you go to those indies spirit awards because everyone's just whipping around with their boots.

Yeah.

Is that funny that Alfred Molina is in that first Indiana Jones movies?

Like one of the first guys you ever see?

Yeah.

It's funny, right?

Old Doc Ock himself.

Akiva wouldn't lay off me until I started watching the West Wing and now I actually am watching it because I never saw it.

And Jane Lynch is like randomly in it as a reporter sometimes and it's really distracting because then like, why isn't she being very funny?

No, it's, it's interesting when you see someone who becomes more well known for a different tone.

It's actually justified again.

And in the fifth season, an actress from The Flash is in it.

And it just totally takes me out of the drama every time I see it because, I mean, she's good and all, but it's like, she's been on so many episodes of The Flash that I've seen that I just, you know, it's a lighter tone.

It's more of a superhero thing.

I don't know if you've ever seen The Flash or know anything about him.

He's the fastest man alive.

Barry Allen.

He was coated with some chemicals in the comic book that make him run at a faster pace than a normal human being.

Right The Flash.

And I'm not talking, you know, like I can run.

If you put a gun to my head 30 miles an hour, probably, but got my zoom sort of crackled out.

Can you repeat all that?

I missed the whole thing about the flash.

You just started.

Sorry, sorry.

I missed it.

Harry Allen.

I'm not.

Wonderful.

Andy Samberg is here.

Palm Springs.

You want to shout out any anyone else in the cast?

You have a Christian.

Mille Yachty.

Yeah.

Now, was there a conversation?

Was there like, you know how when you do a movie, sometimes you have a safety meeting?

Was there a meeting where like you guys talked about pronunciations of each other's names?

Just so there was no confusion?

No, I knew it was Mille Yachty.

Christian Mille Yachty.

You knew that.

Yeah.

Do you remember the first time you ever learned that fact?

Probably when I was like watching her and something and I was like, she's such a good actor.

What's her name?

And then I read it and knew that's how it was pronounced.

How did you know that though?

Because I read it and thought it might be Mille Yachty.

Oh, well, I'm sure there's someone somewhere that would pronounce it that way.

And who are we to tell them they're wrong?

But she's very funny in the film.

I've seen her in things.

I've seen her in how I met your mother and once on Broadway.

But she's so funny in this.

How did, was this an offer only situation?

Was there an audition?

What happened?

What's the process?

Did you make her go to Burbank to read sides?

How did this movie get cast?

Yeah, what happened was I thought she was really good actor and other things and then we asked her to be in the movie and she said yes.

Awesome.

So it was an offer.

Was there was there any kind of like pause in between the end of, hey, do you want to be in this and her affirmative response?

There was a long pause.

Yeah.

Because when we made the offer, she was on a trip in Africa with no phone.

Whoa.

So we were all, what's going on?

Did you want to do it or not?

Whoa.

And so what really happened was I got her answering machine and I got confused because it was one of those funny outgoing messages that was like, hey, it's me.

And I was like, oh, hi.

Hey, how would you like to be in this movie?

Hear me out.

It would be a fun romp.

Well, there's comedy.

There's drama.

There's a little bit of sci-fi and I went on like that for a couple of days before it ran out of space.

She had a two day tape.

Oh my God.

How embarrassing.

Oh, it was embarrassing.

Quality really low recording quality.

Wow.

So I went for 48 hours and then finally someone burst through my door and said, she said for good dude.

So me and my buddies decided to go on a road trip and get the tape back before she heard it and farted in my face.

Yes.

Wow.

The typical story.

That's the movie, man.

That's the movie right there.

That's what you got to make.

Well, that's an incredible Hollywood story.

And some would even say that that could be construed as a Hollywood fact.

Nice.

Well, it's Hollywood facts and we're going downtown going to Inglewood now.

Everybody do your facts and know your stars.

There's glitz and glamour and lots of bars.

Get a drink at a club.

Then go walk in front of Chinese theater.

Hollywood facts.

Take out your dick.

Take out the facts.

It's the Hollywood facts, bro.

Nice, huh?

There it was.

Do you remember that?

Nope.

Do you want to see if you can get the, I noticed you sort of trying to remember the lyrics as we played it.

Do you want to see how many you can get if we play it again?

I think that it escapes me a lot more.

Let's try it one more time.

Here we go.

All right, Kevin, let's play that one more time.

Nice.

Well, it's Hollywood facts and we're going downtown going to Inglewood now.

Everybody do your facts and know your stars.

And glamour and lots of bars.

Get a drink at a club.

Then go walk in front of the Chinese theater.

Hollywood facts.

Take out your dick.

Check out the facts.

It's the Hollywood facts, bro.

Pretty good.

Yeah, I did badly.

Yeah.

I said a lot of words that rhyme with the words that were said.

Yeah, that's not bad.

Yeah, why not?

We should rerecord that anyway.

Do a Hollywood facts 2020.

Yeah.

With the sloppy boys.

Oh, shit.

Yeah.

You guys could do like a great, you guys could do like a backing band thing like when Jay Z and a Lincoln Park did that mashup.

Yeah.

We did their like sort of unplugged thing.

Well, look, we need to take a break.

But before we do sloppy boys, are you guys ready to sing one of your songs off the new album, Paradiso?

Oh, yeah.

What is this song going to be called?

This is now I've not heard your album.

This is going to be the first time I've heard one of these songs.

What is this called?

The Master Bong Ripper.

Now, a lot of people, they need to know this.

We've we've emphasized this on your previous appearances.

You're not a joke band.

This is not a joke.

You're a real man.

The song the master Bong Ripper is not a joke.

You are a real band and you have a real album.

All right.

Here we go.

This is Master Bong Ripper.

This is the sloppy boys.

You guys ready to do it?

Yes.

All right.

Take it away.

I'm the master Bong Ripper.

I know you throughout the town.

If you think you'll spite a smokestack, it's just me that you have found the Master Bong Ripper.

The Master Bong Ripper.

I worry about the answer.

The answer to the Greenhouse effect.

But when my puffs finally roost the ice caps, at least I'll be totally wrecked.

The Master Bong Ripper.

Doke.

Smoke.

Stoke.

Zill.

Yes.

Amazing.

Yes.

You guys are going to be doing more songs throughout the show.

We need to take a break.

When we come back, we're going to be talking to a newcomer to LA as well as a singer-songwriter.

We will be right back with more Andy Samberg, more sloppy boys, more comedy bang bang after this.

Comedy bang bang, we're back.

Andy Samberg from Palm Springs is here.

Fuck yeah.

Anyone with a Hulu account can see it from as far as I can tell.

Yeah.

No ads as well.

If you have no ads, it's better.

No but what I'm saying is I have an account.

I don't like the brag but I have one with ads.

I haven't upgraded to the no ads and they air the movie without ads.

Well, it's a movie.

It would be pretty weird.

Well, sure but I've seen movies on Hulu where they put ads throughout it.

So I was pleasantly surprised that it was uninterrupted and uncut.

This may not be of interest to the listener but I'm curious what movies had ads on them.

Well, let's see.

There was the two fisted punch of Philadelphia and Forrest Gump.

Ah, yes.

Two fisted punch.

We also have the sloppy boys speaking fists.

They have six of them but not when they play their instruments because they unclench them in order to manipulate their instruments.

Yeah, we got to hold it.

Yeah.

And they're playing songs from their album Paradiso which is out now.

People can hover over that purchase button as long as they like.

It's out there.

There's some weight on that finger and click right through I say.

Sure.

But we do have to get to our next guest.

He is a newcomer to LA.

Please welcome.

First time on the show Barry Sams.

Hey, thank you so much Scott.

What a pleasure.

What a pleasure to be here.

I hope I'm not putting anybody out.

Um, I don't think so.

I mean it's our pleasure to have you.

Oh great.

Why would you think you're putting someone out?

I don't want to impose on anybody.

I'm a regular guy.

I'm just here to I'm on a low profile and just just looking to be a good neighbor and a good resident of this fine city and hey, I'm just I'm just here to say hi to Los Angeles.

Hey, hi.

Hey, it's great to have you.

How long have you been in Los Angeles?

Two weeks baby, two weeks and I'm loving it.

14 days.

That's correct.

What an interesting way to change that.

But yes, 14 days.

Um, how many nights, 13 or 15?

I guess that's 13 nights because I arrived here in a beautiful blue sky morning two weeks ago.

So I got more days than nights so far.

Oh, that's probably how it's going to be until you leave unless you leave under the cover of darkness.

Yeah.

Then you'd be even.

Yeah, that's right.

Well, I, okay, listen.

I have, I do have an agenda beyond just sort of saying hi to Los Angeles.

Oh, I have a minor problem on my street and I hate bringing this up, but I live on prospect Avenue and Los feels I don't want to get any more specific than that.

Well, are we talking the north or south on prospect?

North.

North prospect.

That's right.

I can't be no more specific than that.

I don't want to be outed.

I don't want people because I because what's your cross street though?

Oh gosh, I just I'm worried about I don't want to get that close.

I'm really.

But what is it?

It's Wayne.

It's Wayne, but no more prospect in Wayne.

That's right.

You can't get any more specific than that.

Well, there's a couple houses.

What are we talking the house on the corner or the building?

It doesn't matter.

On the corner, but you're on the corner.

Yes, there's two corners.

So it doesn't matter.

One of those two houses, I'm in one of those and there is.

How can there be two corners?

It's a T the way in sort of tees into.

Yeah, okay.

Yeah.

Okay.

So corners and then but then and then a flat side.

That's correct.

And I'm not on the flat side.

You're not on the flat side.

You're on one of the two corners, which is all I'll say.

The house corner or the apartment corner?

The apartment corner.

Okay.

But in one of those top floor doesn't matter.

It doesn't matter which of those that it is.

Okay.

Because it's a two floor apartment building.

It's a two floor and I am on the top floor.

You're on the top.

Yes.

Great.

Those are those are nicer.

I think they're nice.

Oh yeah.

Thanks for appreciating.

Yeah, the ceilings are a little bit.

You really have intimate knowledge of this neighborhood.

I'm a real estate guy.

Oh, okay.

I'm always on Zillow.

This is a good neighborhood.

The prices are crazy here.

Oh yeah.

No, it's an up and coming neighborhood.

So it's great.

Can I jump in with a question?

Yeah, sure.

What's the address?

That doesn't matter.

And I'm not.

That's really something I can't say because I'm really looking to protect.

No, no, that's okay.

I'm trying to protect my privacy.

But you're in apartment.

You're in apartment to something because you're on the second floor.

You're on the second floor.

Yeah.

And my address is between 1500 and 2000.

And I'm not sure if you're in that area.

If you're looking to narrow down the area.

Somewhere in the 1736 Prospect apartment.

That's actually 200.

That's exactly the 1736 Prospect.

But that's, that does, it doesn't matter anything.

I figured I've see.

I've, I've, I saw a showing of that place.

That was a freakish recall, I want to say.

I saw showing of that place three weeks ago.

I moved in right after that.

Yeah.

Yeah, probably.

Wow.

Yeah, it was an investment opportunity for me.

Well, I'm only like it though.

I'm not your landlord.

I didn't buy it.

Oh, okay.

I'm renting.

I didn't buy that place.

What's the rent on it?

Sorry.

I just can't get into that.

No, no, it's so personal.

It's probably one week out of your salary, I would imagine.

Yeah, it's, yeah.

I'm a smartly budgeted guy.

So I just, that's what I want.

And I don't want to say it's, it's, it's a one bedroom and it's a nice one bedroom in a nice neighborhood.

Oh, it's really nice.

Has it, I wouldn't call it a view necessarily unless.

It's not a view, but I got some nice natural.

Yeah, a mini mall is a view to you.

Yeah.

And the commerce is success is what I've.

Rinson Los Angeles being what they are.

It's about, I mean, what I was looking at, it was 2300 a month.

It's 2400.

Oh, they, oh, okay.

Yeah.

That's right.

Okay.

And you know, and I think it's a deal for the neighborhood it's a deal, I think.

Yeah.

So you're making 90, $600 a month.

Pretty much.

That's exactly right.

Yeah.

At your job.

What do you do?

It doesn't matter.

What does it matter what I do?

It doesn't matter what, okay.

All right.

So we want to give that away.

I don't want to give away what I'm doing.

I'm doing the neighbors.

I have a few minor grievances.

You're on the, you're on the, the, the just shy of a hundred grand a year.

Hey, I'm doing all right.

So you must do something.

I don't want to, hey, I'm not looking to flex here.

I'm happy with how things are done.

Totally.

And like we don't need to, we don't need to get into like what your social is or anything like that.

Or the last, even the last four digits.

I can't even imagine why that would be interesting to anybody.

Even if I were to accidentally give that away and I certainly have said more than I meant to, but I, I don't see how that's even.

But they're certainly not zero, zero, zero, zero.

No, no, no, no, there's numbers.

There's no zeros.

Actually, there's no zeros.

No zeros.

Or any nine numbers.

There are all odd numbers.

They're all odd numbers.

That's right.

Okay.

But no nine.

Do you said no nine?

There's one nine.

Oh, okay.

But you said, then you said no threes.

Is that what you said?

I said, no, I said there's no zeros.

There's two threes.

There's no zeros.

Yeah.

But I'm pretty sure that you said no fives.

Did I say that?

That's insane.

First numbers of five.

So I wouldn't have said there's no fives.

So there's no way I said that because the first numbers of five.

Okay.

All right.

Now, just know this matter.

This doesn't matter.

This doesn't matter before we get into your numbers of my social security number five, three, three, nine.

Yeah.

And that doesn't matter.

I think that's it.

It doesn't matter.

That's irrelevant.

It also doesn't tell you anything about me as a man.

No, before we get to why you're here, before we get to why you're here, I just I like to know a little bit of background on our guests.

Okay.

Yeah.

So did you have a pet growing up?

It doesn't matter.

Yes.

I had a pet.

It's irrelevant.

The pet is long dead and it doesn't matter.

What was the poor little pet's name was Adolph?

The pet's name was Adolph.

It's an ironic name.

It was an ironic name.

It was ironic.

It was a dumb joke that my dad did and it and it and it was stupid but it stuck and it was, you know, we were ashamed of that.

What was the joke?

I mean, I don't even know how that's funny.

It wouldn't be funny to name a pet after Adolph Hitler.

Like, is the most hated man in history.

I think you would call it Hitler.

You wouldn't call it Adolph.

Well, he's a coward of a man.

He backed off the joke and he just did Adolph.

I don't know.

My dad, he wasn't a comedian.

Your dad was a coward, you say?

I say he was a coward.

Yeah.

We didn't get along.

I'm sorry to say that publicly.

But your mother, I loved it.

I adored my mind.

I mean, her last name was not Sam's before she married your father, right?

What was her last name?

Traditional couple, she took my father's name.

It was not Sam's.

What was her name before that though?

I really don't.

This is something I'm just looking to keep it anonymous.

I don't want my neighbors to get mad at me when I air my grievances.

Sure, but I mean, I need to know this about guests, about their background.

You just, really?

I do.

About your upbringing.

I do want to respect the show.

Her last name was Gerritano.

Gerritano.

So she was Italian.

Okay.

So Italian last name.

Are citizens from Europe?

Yes, I suppose.

Yes, her ancestry is.

That's the nickname we give to the Italian people.

Are citizens from Europe?

Yes, that's right.

What a careful way to put that.

Yes, she was amongst the citizenry from Europe.

Yes, I mean, fantastic.

She was born in the States.

She's an Italian heritage.

Wonderful.

Andy, do you have everything you need?

I'm going to probably circle back on a few things, but let's just move forward.

I think he wants to complain about his neighbors and that sounds pretty nice.

Great.

Yeah, yeah, go ahead.

Hey, my neighbors are great.

I don't mean to start any trouble.

I just have a few grievances and I just want to get them out and this was the best way I could think to address it in sort of a diplomatic way.

So if you live on the flat end of Prospect and Wayne, or even on the opposing corner where there's a house, a really beautiful craftsman over there, it seemed to have an addition up there on the top.

Well, good.

Yeah, I scouted that as well.

Yeah, it was a lovely place.

Yeah, it was really some day.

It was not open to the public.

It was sort of a pocket listing at that point, but...

Pocket listing.

Wow, you're really...

You have beautiful.

It was beautiful.

Anyway, go ahead.

So, please listen to what Barry Sam says.

Yes, if you're one of the people in that house, for example, or if you're up on the flat side, they're...

What about the people in your apartment building there?

Well, I really want to be careful about offending them because they are my direct neighbors and I don't really have issues with them.

Okay, don't have issues with them.

This is the people on the flat end or the opposing corner.

It's the housing people, the flat end and the corner.

Yeah.

All right, hit us.

What do we got?

Dogs have been allowed to run loose in a way that I think is unsafe for the dogs and it frightens me.

I'm frightened of dogs.

Hey, that's just...

I grew up with cats and the dogs have been allowed to run.

And that makes you afraid of dogs growing up with cats?

I mean, I didn't grow up with cats.

I'm not afraid of humans.

If you grew up with cats, you'd be scared of dogs.

So what is the issue?

The dogs are loose and they are following me.

The dogs are loose and they are following me and they are surrounding me and they are harassing me.

I'm just going to say the dogs are harassing me.

They can sense that I'm scared of them, dogs can sense fear and they are harassing me.

And you know what?

The dogs don't have to like me but I say keep them on a leash, keep them on your property and work good.

They can bark all they want.

They can bark and howl and do whatever they need.

So I've heard of freaks on a leash but dogs off a leash?

This is not a good situation.

Freaks on a leash I would love.

If they had freaks on a leash, I don't know exactly what that would be.

Sex people in gimp masks are just sort of...

Maybe a sub is your dog or something?

Yeah, if they're on a leash, that's people's business.

Sure.

So you would prefer that to just wild dogs surrounding you?

I'm just going to tell you, I was born in hell, okay?

And I'm a creature of hell and I moved to Los Angeles two weeks ago.

And I'm just trying to fit in.

Oh, what's this?

I didn't want to say I'm born in hell.

I was born in hell.

My father was a demon and my mother was Hester Gerritano from Shaker Heights, Ohio.

And there was an unholy union and I am the product of that union and I lived in hell until I was 41 years old and then I was like, I've had it, I'm going to go live on earth.

Okay, so...

And I didn't want to say any of that.

I didn't want to say any of that.

I'm just the dogs are driving me bananas.

Given that new info, Scott, do you mind if I ask another question?

Yeah, please.

And of course, feel free not to answer.

But do you know the last four of your mom's social?

Is that really what you want to ask right now?

That's before she passed on.

That's the follow up question.

By the way, I'm assuming she's dead.

Did this romance happen in hell?

I mean, I thought the demons were only allowed to torture humans down there, but they're allowed to death.

My mom was a charmer.

And demons are allowed to visit...

Oh, you put this on your mom?

Well, I don't think it was...

So your mom was the...

She lured the demon.

Yes, though that's true.

They both agreed on that story.

Yeah, but I don't see that as bad behavior in my mother's part.

I mean, they fell in love.

I mean, I think there was some real romance there.

But your mom came down to hell sort of shaking her.

No, no, no.

My dad was walking in the mortal world.

Oh, okay.

Demons are allowed to come to the mortal world to try to tempt mortals.

And when you say romance, what kind of positions?

Look, I don't...

That's not...

That is not for public consumption to get into the positions.

That's very...

It's very...

Ironically, it was a missionary position, which I...

That's hilarious.

That's funny.

That's a funny...

Interesting, you know that.

Not too many people know what the position their parents were.

My dad was a drinker, and if he had a couple of shots at him, he would blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, just talk too much.

When my mom had passed away, he'd be very sentimental talking about her.

So if he couldn't go down to hell to visit her, or did she go to heaven?

She went to heaven.

Oh, this is like Romeo and Juliet.

It was a dark-sized...

Dark-sized love-ers.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

And I think God did that personally to kind of stick it to my...

To my thoughts.

Did she try to sin a little more before she died just as...

She couldn't do it.

She was a natural rule follower.

She really...

She tried to work it out that she'd go down to hell, but what are you going to do?

Oh, man.

So what's the worst thing she ever did?

She refused to return library books, and she'd swear at police.

Swear at police.

But she was so charming that they were never threatened by it.

They just like, I say, ah, Hester, you.

Yeah.

My mother's Social Security number.

I just think that's not...

I do happen to know it, but I feel like I'd be disrespecting her memorabilia.

Andy, let me know when you're jacked into the internet, by the way, when you have all this information.

Yeah, I'm almost there.

Okay, great.

You know that I can't hear you when you turn your head away from me on the Zoom screen.

Do you know that's kind of...

Yeah, I do know that.

I need to hear when you do this.

Yeah, of course I know that.

Okay, well, you're saying something to me, I didn't hear it.

So Barry, I mean, it makes more sense to me now to hear that your father had this ironic joke naming the dog, which I'm presuming is a hell- a hell hound.

It's a hell hound.

Yeah, naming it a hell cat.

Hellcat.

Oh, it was a hellcat.

Oh, Hester.

Yeah, I was raised by cats.

I was raised where I'm cats.

Oh, that's right.

Yeah.

That's right.

Those two things did not contradict each other.

No, no.

I almost did, but I remembered.

Right.

So, well, what an interesting...

Why would you come up here to Los Angeles from hell?

I just want to change a scenery.

You know what I'm saying?

I'm sick of my hometown.

It's...

There's much of duds.

Yeah.

Nobody ever moves out.

Everybody just sticks around town, heads of the local bars.

It's just a...

It's a bad scene.

Well, you were...

I mean, you grew up there.

I don't know whether you were born in hell where you were born in your...

I was born in hell.

You were born in hell.

So you didn't die as an infant and...

No, no, no.

So you're still alive.

I came up through some deep caverns in Iceland.

Right.

So you grew up in hell...

Mm-hmm.

And hey, it's not the worst place and it's a nice place to raise kids.

I'm not saying it's the worst place and it's like...

What's the most about it?

I just...

Families respect each other and the schools are good and just like there's plenty of employment.

So are you tortured the entire time you're in hell just because you grew up there?

Oh, you are.

See, that's...

Yeah, until you're 13, until you become a man.

Oh.

That's...

So you have sort of like the equivalent of a...

You go through like a bar mitzvah and you know I'll have to...

You have to be tortured, you know.

You can take part in the torturing after that if you want.

Really?

You could pick up a pitchfork or you give it a pitchfork when you're 13.

That's the way it's done.

It's the way it's done.

Yeah.

You ever stick a pitchfork in anyone's tiny butt?

Oh yeah, those are the most tiny butts of the most fun because they're hard to get.

If it's a big old butt, stick a pitchfork in it.

Who cares?

The Sir Mix-a-Lot special.

Especially if you're a part two.

If this is Sir Mix-a-Lot special, I'd use stick a pitchfork and say, well this wasn't satisfying but if someone's got a little flat butt like just like no butt at all and you get a pitchfork in there and you're like, I'm pretty good.

Right, like an elusive little tiny tutor.

Yeah, if it's an elusive little tiny tutor and you boop, it's like hey, I guess I'll give it a pitchfork.

I saw a tiny tutor the other day by the way and it was over there in Franklin Heights and it was a tiny tutor and it was three bedrooms.

Hey, you're off the clock.

You're off the clock stand.

$3.4 million.

That's too much for Franklin Heights.

That's too much.

If it were a big tutor, that would be sure to make lots of sense.

A tiny one?

Yeah.

Yeah, so I'm just having trouble with the dogs.

The dogs can tell that I'm a creature of hell and I'm just saying keep them on a leash.

I understand that my infernal nature and my fallen lineage is going to provoke the dogs but just keep them on a leash and I accept it.

Are you sure that it's because you're from hell?

I mean I've had dogs bark at me.

They go crazy.

They go nuts when I walk by.

They're their fans.

Fans?

Yeah, they're their fans.

Like they go nuts.

Like they're like, it's him.

Wow, you think so.

You think they recognize me as a creature of hell and they're just like go dude?

I mean, yeah, dogs can't, you know, like cheer.

Could be.

They have one, they have one move.

The bar.

Are they biting you?

No, no, no, no.

They're like getting up on their hind legs and just sort of swapping their paws in the air like they're trying to swim and stuff like that.

Are they going like, you know, like, or?

Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.

They're going to paw on the side and they go, yeah.

You might be just fired up to see you.

Yeah.

I guess that makes sense.

I mean, I wasn't raised around hell hounds.

My dad was a cat dude.

Right.

Where did the cat come from, by the way, because I've heard of hell hounds, but are there cats or are these cats who have died on earth and are being tortured?

Their cats had died on earth with my dad.

He's a sucker.

He was a sucker for him.

He would adopt stray hell cats like nobody's business.

We had like four of them at one point.

So that settles the question.

There's no different dog in cat heaven.

There's no different.

There's no dog in cat hell.

There's just one clearing house for that.

And I guess all cats don't go to heaven.

Yeah.

Do your pets go to wherever you go?

So like if you go to heaven, your dog, it's grandfathered in or I wasn't born on earth.

So I, you know what I mean?

Like I didn't have, I was born down there.

The cats showed up.

Then we adopted them.

So I don't really know.

I don't know how that works.

Yeah.

Andy, what do you think about this?

This is a kind of steam on this.

I think it was going pretty good.

What's that?

I know there's a lot of info.

I feel like now that we know all this, I would wonder if you had like a hidden key anywhere near your place.

Yeah.

I'm really worried about my privacy, Andy.

I, you know, my name is...

Is there like a fake rock that this, you know, just under a plant?

Really in an apartment under the mat is the only way to go.

I think that would be just really, really irresponsible of me to let it live.

Especially on the second floor, it would be hard to put it on a balcony.

Yeah.

You can't put a rock on a balcony.

You have to like put it on top of a fire extinguisher box and stuff like that.

Great.

Got it.

The fire extinguisher box got it.

You're in?

Yep.

I'm in.

Okay.

Great.

All right.

Scott, you turned away again.

I couldn't hear you when you turned away.

As if you said something to me, I didn't understand.

Andy, just do a sweep.

Do a sweep of his entire place.

Let me know what's inside.

Everything looks legit.

All right.

Yes.

Security cameras that we can hack into.

We're in.

Okay.

We're in.

That's very good.

Okay.

I'm amazing.

No one talking to me now.

No more talking to me.

I got it.

A little more code.

Okay.

Put his neck.

A little code.

Sloppy boys are just giving me eyes.

I'm almost in.

I'm wrapped by this whole situation.

You're whole situation is still trying to get it.

Unbelievable.

Oh, man.

I would say Andy that a lot of our earlier questions were not your main to this.

We just need to find out where the key was.

Guys got all kinds of firewalls.

Oh, okay.

This is a real challenge for me as a hacker.

Okay.

I mean, I should say back when I don't know if this is relevant.

Back when I was in hell, I was a PHP programmer.

I was a PHP programmer.

What does that mean?

PHP.

That's a computer programming language.

And that's how I made my living.

I made computer programs in PHP.

I'm still a little bit of an amateur.

Computer programming down in hell?

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

It's a lot of work down there.

They updated their technology.

You know, they're on top of it.

Oh, really?

So it's sort of like the Apple store down there, but you know.

That's beautiful.

Poking each other in the butts.

I guess it's more one way.

Yeah.

So there are of the torturers you have access to all this technology.

But yeah, if you're being, you know, punished for a sense.

If you're being tortured, anyone who was ever tortured ever say like, hey, can I see that pitchfork for a second?

Yes.

It is a huge slip up.

And I've done that many times.

I'm a chatty, gregarious fellow.

I get it from my dad.

And if somebody strikes up a conber, I'm a sucker.

Yeah.

And I've lost it right over.

I've lost dozens of pitchforks.

You've lost them.

So wait, the people.

They run off with them.

Once they get the pitchforks, they're off.

Like, because there's a lot of power.

I would think that they would turn them on you and attack you, but they just run away.

They do that sometimes.

They do that from you.

Whoever holds them is in bow with temporary.

There's a lot of power in the pitchfork.

Oh, really?

You have to sit on the pitchfork like a room, which would?

Yeah.

You can straddle it and like zip around.

Or like a Harry Potter written by that notorious turf JK Rowling.

Sure.

Separate the art from the artist.

That's what I say.

Sure.

Wait, is that your motto?

Why is that?

Because in hell, we only like the bad people.

We're like, just because the arts not bad, we can still hate the people.

Oh, okay.

Yeah, you can straddle the pitchfork, but if you do it backwards, you go the wrong way and you're rammed a wall and stuff like that.

I would do that all the time.

I mean, that's what happens with cars too.

Make sure you're facing the right way on those things because they move.

Yeah, definitely.

But I've lost several dozen pitchforks.

And some of those mortals are still wreaking havoc.

And that's on me.

Yeah, I bet Andy, you're in.

Yeah.

What do we got in there?

Jack shit.

This is a bust.

God damn it.

This is the only reason I had this drip on the show is so we can steal all this cool shit.

It doesn't have much stuff.

There's like a pitchfork, but it looks pretty whack.

Wait, but if we get on that thing, we're imbued with all of his powers as long as we don't get on the wrong way.

Anyway, I'm so honest with you.

Oh, no.

Andy jumped on that pitchfork and he took off the wrong way.

I hope I'm not boring you guys.

Oh, no, no, this is not boring.

And you get off that thing.

All right.

All right, we need to take a break and figure this out.

Sloppy boys, you guys ready to do another song?

Yes.

All right.

What song is this going to be?

Out on the town.

This is off of the new record parody.

So this is the sloppy boys.

Hit it guys.

Well, this thing here happens every week.

It's Friday afternoon and things are looking bleak.

Tim, Jeff and me sitting bored at work at a company that makes silent fireworks.

All we want to do is let our pre-flags fly.

So Tim, bored, that would go on the cross side.

Then Jeff thinks it's something that we feel all right.

In just a few hours, it's Friday night.

We're going, ah, on the town.

Don't you know we're going out on the town.

Come on.

We're going, ah, on the town.

We want to go out and live that Friday night dream.

But to get us looking good, it takes a whole team.

I got a manny and a petty from a main man Freddy.

I got my hair done by my best friend.

I got a real old shave from an FU Dave.

You could see me now.

You'd be impressed with Dave.

I got myself a level for me to drive.

Tim and Jeff are front sitting by my side.

Swerving all around the road because they would stick with me.

Tim sneezed on the windshield.

We could barely see.

Then we cruised at Burger King and got our favorite thing.

I got a real old shave from a nephew Dave.

You could see me now.

You'd be impressed with Dave.

I got myself a level for me to drive.

Tim and Jeff are front sitting by my side.

Swerving all around the road because they would stick with me.

Tim sneezed on the windshield.

We could barely see.

Then we cruised at Burger King and got our favorite thing.

Tim comes to catch up in an onion ring.

We're going, ah, on the town.

Don't you know we're going out on the town.

Come on.

We're going, ah, on the town.

Don't you know we're going out on the town.

So we stepped inside the club and we did our favorite dance.

Everyone there said we had nice pants.

Go to right jeans, cut off with the calf.

Fast is where we got them and we just laughed.

Come on, you gotta tell us, did you get them at the mall?

You gotta ask them, and you got some golf.

Did you find them on the line at the hip is sight?

I got shoes there once, and the shoes were too tight.

Did you get them in, Paris during fashion week?

And spend a grand on a flight?

Don't be afraid.

So we quieted down the whole damn place.

We're going to tell you where we got them.

Then get out of them face.

We didn't buy them at the mall or put them off the shelf.

Listen up fools.

We didn't want ourselves going, ah, on the town.

Don't you know we're going out on the town.

We're going out on the town.

Don't you know we're going out on the town.

It's working all around the row because they were tickling me.

Tick, tick, tick, tick, tick.

We're tickling me.

We're tick, tick, tick, tick, tick, tick, tick.

Oh, we danced all night.

Oh, by ourselves.

Shaking and giggling like Christmas elves.

Giggling goes to sloppy boys, loved to dance.

But people kept asking all about our pants.

We already told you, were we not clear?

They said, so sorry, but we just got here.

Then we looked at our watches, it was time to leave.

Home in bed.

Five nine thirty three, we're going out.

A town.

Don't you know we're going out on the town.

Cool.

We're going out.

Don't you know we're going out on the town.

I'm on the town.

Going out on the town.

I'm on the town.

Going out on the town.

I'm on the town.

Going out on the town.

I'm on the town.

Going out on the town.

Oh, wow.

Incredible.

That's the sloppy boys.

Okay, we're going to come right back with more comedy bang bang, more Andy Samberg, more sloppy boys, more Barry Sams.

We have a singer-songwriter after this.

We'll be right back.

Comedy bang bang, we're back.

We have Andy Samberg from Palm Springs is here.

We also know him from Brooklyn nine nine and of course, Saturday night live and things like I'm on a boat and the bash brothers experience and just a multitude of items that our audience would enjoy just a body of work that stands the test of time.

He always takes time to be on this podcast as well.

He's worked up a nice over the 11 years.

I would say a good 10 episodes or something like that.

So that's true.

Yeah, probably not one per year certainly, but maybe you've done six to 10 somewhere around there and I should do one year where I do like eight and then take a few years off.

That would be me.

I mean, this is your second in this calendar year of 2020 best year ever.

So, you know, maybe we could work up six more here before the year is out.

I'm pretty busy these days.

You go our book solid in front of that screen.

We also have the sloppy boys.

We just heard you guys are working in a different style.

That was a kind of a beastie boys sort of rap song.

That was a rap.

Right.

We also have Barry Sam's who is related to the Prince of Hell.

Although I guess no, your father.

Not a strange spot.

He wishes.

No, he was a fire.

He's looking out that window out of his nice view.

Yeah, yeah, it's a terrific view.

Yeah, for those dogs.

What's going on at the mini mart over there?

Let me see.

There's a what about that liquor store?

Yeah, there's a Cays liquor.

I took a look at that too.

I got you.

You're a crazy.

It's crazy what they're asking for that.

Yeah, it's crazy what they're asking for.

You like flipping property, Scott?

That's all I'm doing, man.

You and Renner.

Well, Mike, I got to tell you, my Scott Ockerben app did not work.

It was a bus just like the Jeremy Renner app.

You're good for you for trying.

My music career is going nowhere.

The liquor store has got a new sign.

They seem to clean up the place a little bit.

New sign.

What's going on down there?

Just like I guess they get some neon going there.

And it just looks like, oh, oh, not a sign advertising something that they're selling.

No, no, no, no, no, no, actual storefront sign.

Well, last time it was like a kind of a spinning neon with a clown on it.

It was like almost kind of implying that the case stood for clown.

Yeah, they've scaled away back.

Is that what it is now?

It's an austere.

It's an austere, Helvetica understated.

It's beautiful.

Really?

It doesn't spin at all.

No spinning.

It is solid as a rock.

Does it look like a bank or something now?

Looks like a bank.

I think that's smart.

No.

I think that's smart.

You're smart.

Well, you're from hell.

Hey, watch it.

I watched movies and TV shows.

I'm like, I'm up on things.

All right.

You're just like Johnny Depp from hell.

I'm exactly like Johnny Depp.

People.

Yeah.

Well, we do need to get to our next guest and he is the aforementioned singer-songwriter.

He's made more than Andy's appearances.

He's made more than the between six and ten that he's done.

He's been on the show as a semi-regular.

Please welcome back to the show, John Lennon.

Hello, Scott.

How are you doing?

Doing real good.

Real good.

Great to see you.

It's great to see you too.

God, it hasn't been long.

I think I saw you two months ago.

Yeah, I believe we did.

Andy, if you don't know, and the sloppy boys, if you don't know, I think you were on with John Lennon once before you guys do know.

But Andy, you probably don't know.

John Lennon was a singer-songwriter.

He was in a band once.

I was in a European rock and roll band called the Beatles.

Oh, the Beatles.

I don't know if it's...

But not spelled the way that you...

Not spelled the way I wanted to.

We accidentally swapped out an E with an A as a joke and it stuck and I don't...

Sounds like a weed off joke.

I don't think it's that off, Colin.

But yeah, anyway, so he...

You may not remember this, but in 1980, he was shot to death and...

Got right in the body, bled all over the place.

Right in the body, yeah, which is the last place you want to get shot.

Yeah.

Is your body...

It's in the head of the body.

And then came back to life four years later.

Well, he is after that.

I lived in a grave for a little while.

I was dead and I decided to come back to life because it was boring down there and that's it.

And has been living in New York City ever since.

Right.

So maybe you came across him.

I don't know, Andy, you lived in New York City for quite a spell.

No, I don't know.

I wasn't doing much in the way of going out back then.

Back then, really, during the 2005 through, what was that, 2011?

Yeah, he didn't swing by asking...

I'd pop in just, but you guys were already wrapped up and gone.

I would get their late...

You'd get their...

Wait, 110?

Yeah, I'd get by and everyone...

Oh, they went to the after party.

I said, well, geez, now I'm driving all around the whole city trying to find this party.

I figured I'll just talk with Don Potto for a minute and then head home.

Oh, he talked your ear off, right?

Yeah, all he did was he would just say that he'd repeat the cast over and over to me.

Maseem Paduro!

Okay, Don, yes, good.

You don't know what ball they went to for the party.

The whole...

He decided to come back to life, you know?

That would be great.

Right.

It would be great.

Yeah, no, everyone can do it.

Everyone can do it.

Just John is one of the few people who has.

Who else has?

You said Roseanne and Tom Arnold, they both came back to life.

Did I say that?

I think on our last show you said that, yes.

I was crazy on that last show.

I was so drunk.

Really?

So nothing you said was true?

No, and I had a little buzz going, but a lot of it was true.

All right, well, what's been going on, John?

It's great to see you.

Well, this is Barry Sams from Hell, by the way.

Right, well, Barry.

You did not go.

No, I did not go.

You were laying in the ground.

You didn't...

I stuck in the ground.

I didn't go anywhere.

I was just sitting there on the ground.

Some mistake people normally make as they go up to either heaven or hell.

Yeah, they get going too quick.

Yeah.

And you don't need to.

You can just...

It's like relax, stay awhile.

You bought this coffin.

Why not enjoy it?

I'd joy it for him if he isn't then pop out if you want.

And the last time we were on, we did talk about how when you decided to claw out of your coffin, you were being crushed by the earth.

So you actually have come back to life nine or ten times because you kept being suffocated by the earth.

Right.

That's how it happened.

Right.

Okay.

So, with me, just sort of...

Sure, with you.

Yeah, I'll take anyone though.

I've sort of stopped.

Last time we talked, I was writing that Larry Plata book.

Oh, that's right.

Which is sort of a take off on those books written by that notorious turf J.K. Rowling.

Right.

It was inspired by the whole thing.

It was Larry Plata was...

He's a magician who went to magician school and Snape was there.

The Snape from Harry Potter.

Snape had a heart when...

And he went to Hogwarts.

You know, from Hogwarts over to magician school.

He would come over and he'd say, boy, that Harry Potter has given me a lot of trouble.

Right.

And so I'm writing all these conversations about Snape complaining about Larry Plata, you know, to Larry Plata about Harry Potter.

And the whole thing is just getting long and long and long.

And he was saying you were on page like 15 and Snape had come in eight times.

Right.

He wouldn't leave.

Snape won't leave this damn book I'm writing.

So speaking of plotter, you had a problem with the plotting of your book.

From page one.

Yeah.

So as we discussed, I did get into some legal...

Man, not trouble.

Just people saying, you know, I probably shouldn't be writing this book because it's too close to the camera.

Well, I'm aware that people who said that.

Yeah, well, that's right.

Definitely you were going to get sued.

Well, somebody listened to your podcast and came right to my house and said, you got to stop.

And I said, fine, let me just rework it.

I was reworking it and then all of a sudden I've got a lot of the Matrix characters in there.

Which ones?

What do we got?

Neo?

Neo tank doza tank is in there.

No.

Yep.

So wait, the never can as a flies through was Larry plotter being red pilled.

We haven't even gotten there yet because it's just Snape filling everyone in on what's happening with Harry Potter.

Oh, no.

Detail by detail to all the people.

Yeah.

So I decided, you know, to put that down for just a minute.

Good.

It can be great to focus on other things.

And, you know, so what are you, what are you working on now?

Now I'm doing a lot of volunteer work.

Oh, great.

I go down to the, there's a science lab here in town where they're trying to figure out the vaccine, you know, for the COVID-19 vaccine.

And I went down and I said, I'll do anything you want.

Maybe I get in that, you know, smart room, the think tank type thing and help you out.

The smart room, the smart room.

I was fumbling off of my woods because, you know, my can't mess around with my mask.

Are you wearing the mask?

Yeah, I, not currently, of course, because we're on Zoom.

But if you, if you can't even think of the term think tank, then you're probably not smart enough to be in it.

Yeah.

You sound like a worker in a think tank, Scott.

That's exactly what they said to me.

Sure.

So you've, you've been trying to get in there.

What do you think you have to offer when it comes to the vaccine?

Just positive positivity.

You know, people can get down on these types of projects and just got to say, you gotta keep going and get this thing done.

So like a cheerleader in a sense.

In a way, in a sense.

And, you know, so they didn't want, they didn't go for that.

So I'm just cleaning pipettes and things in the lab.

So John, what are you up to now?

I mean, that's all in the past.

It sounds like, what are you doing now?

I'm just sort of hanging around these days and doing the do as much as possible.

Doing the do.

What does that mean?

Drinking Mountain Dew.

Why?

Well, because when this whole thing's over, I want to do more motocross.

So you're prepping at this point.

Yeah, I'm just sort of getting do going in me all the time.

Every day.

Say you want to do more motocross.

So you've been doing some?

No, I want to do motocross.

So okay.

So you want to do more than zero motocross.

Yes.

Right.

Exactly.

Even if one day.

Is it motocross or motocross?

I say mota.

You do.

Yes.

Motorbike crossing.

I've been watching it on ESPN too because there's nothing no sports to play.

So there was a lot.

Oh, yeah.

What's your favorite move that they do?

What do you, what do you think?

Oh, the one where they sort of get up on the bike and sit down and look at the audience in ways.

This is before the race starts.

Right.

I don't like the jumping through the, I like to see the guy, the stats.

Sure.

Sounds like you could buy a bike and get on it, sit down and wave at people.

If you wanted.

I've been doing it around my neighborhood.

If I see a motocross like a park, I'll get self.

May I ask a possibly personal question and I apologize if this is too intrusive.

That's why.

Have you ever seen the people when they're riding bicycles, they, they're, it's hands free, they're not touching the handlebars and they're able to just bicycle forward?

Have you ever seen that?

Yeah, I don't think that's too personal.

Yeah.

Can you, can you do that?

Uh, I've been known too.

Sure.

Okay.

That's my question.

Okay.

Well, I'm glad I got out there.

Um, so hold on.

Scott, I got to just set something right with the, the fellow who just asked me the question.

I was my, I never, Barry, I've never seen that before.

Okay.

I want to sound like a hot shot.

You've never seen it before?

Oh, I appreciate you going along.

I want to sound like a cool guy.

I've only been here for two weeks, but I've seen people bicycling around Los Fils Boulevard and they're, they just let go of the handlebars and they just like, they just seem real, just cocky and comfortable on their bike moving forward and I just fascinate.

You've seen this on Los Fils Boulevard?

Are you being chased by dogs though at the time?

Yes.

I'm usually running fast away from dogs who I assume are after me.

So it's safe to say your vision is somewhat impaired.

It's a little bit impaired.

Yeah.

You're not the most reliable narrator when it comes to the story.

I'm not.

No, I could be totally wrong, but I'm free.

It's not so hard to see that they're not holding on to handlebars.

It's not like you need to like really like focus up on that.

It's a, it's a pure 50 50 shot as to whether they're holding on to the handlebars.

I would say 50 50.

No, I know.

I can definitely, I actually would say I'm pretty confident.

But were you in a court of law?

No one could trust your judgment.

You know what?

I would be not.

I'm going to double down on this.

I would vouch that they're not holding on to handlebars and I am running away from dogs.

It sounds like everyone on this podcast is making up a lot of things about what they've seen with handlebars.

I'm telling the truth.

I've seen.

Yeah.

People riding bikes, they're not holding their handlebars.

I don't know.

Things I've said, this is the least likely thing for me to lie about.

I don't know.

It sounds fishy.

Sounds very, very.

She did.

What would I gain by saying that I'd seen people not hold on to us?

Cool points?

I don't know.

You guys already.

I'm not.

I don't have the mind of a criminal.

You begged me to be on the show, Scott.

You.

Yeah.

Yeah, I did.

You broke the street and begged me and I said, well, you were being chased by dogs.

I thought that was interesting.

It is interesting to me.

I was in the middle of walk along.

I was singing to Bruce Hornsby in the range and you told me to.

And you approached me and you said, hey, do you see those guys over there with their hands off their handlebars?

I said, yeah, I see them.

Yeah, you verified it.

And now you're attacking me for it.

You begged me to be on your show.

I was like, I'll binge it.

I listened to every episode.

And now I am.

Wow.

I asked you to binge the TV show.

That was only 110, but you did all the podcast?

Wow.

I binged it too.

I binged it on Netflix before it went away.

Then I went.

I joined Stitcher.

I paid everything.

I listened to every episode.

Stitcher preem.

Amazing.

All right.

Well, I thank you for that.

I'm sorry to come at you so hard.

I'm sure I was hostile.

I'm a child of hell.

I think you were.

Well, John, look, I got to say out of all of your appearances, this is my favorite.

I'm sorry, but I don't see why.

Hey, John.

But we're running out of time.

John, how about a song?

How about a song?

Oh, God, geez, I would love to do a song for you being a cause.

My guitar is not around with me.

Yeah, your guitar.

It's with Ringo's house.

He borrowed it.

I feel bad.

Every single time you say you're going to come back and have the guitar, the one with the skeleton finger whammy bar, I'll send you, I'll send you his Ringo's email and text.

He text him.

Can we get him on the show at some point?

If you can get him, if you can pin him down, he's, he's awful, especially in COVID.

What do you mean?

It seems like it's easier to pin everyone down during COVID.

No, he's just out and about.

Did I mention this last time I was in the show?

I thought maybe I did.

I don't think so.

He broke core.

He goes out and quarantined all the time.

He goes to underground dance clubs and he's hugging and kissing everybody.

It's terrible.

Oh, no.

Is he signing autographs?

Cause he said he would never do that.

He's signing out everything.

He sends me videos of what he's up to down those underground.

Oh my God.

It's crazy.

I keep telling him this is bad news and I'm, I shouldn't, I'm probably going to get kicked out of the lab I'm working at.

Oh, well, look, we are running out of time though, John.

I hate to cut you short.

So it seemed like you had nothing else.

We only have one final feature here on the show and that is a little something called plugs.

I'm feeling emotional.

When you get all promotional, one of the people who put the inside me, and he got lots of so I'm going to plug baby, but I'm going to plug baby, plug baby, plug baby, plug baby, plug baby, plug baby, plug baby, plug baby, plug baby, plug baby, plug baby, plug baby.

All right.

That was plug baby by McGougas, McGougas or MC Gougas.

I'm not quite sure.

Could be master of ceremonies.

Um, guys, what do we plug in?

And obviously we want to plug Palm Springs.

Anyone can get it who's sitting around at home and, and even if it were not a COVID year, I think this would be one of the better movies that have one of the best movies that's come out.

I would say since that one, two punch of Philadelphia and Forrest Gump, those are two good movies.

Okay.

Anything.

I mean, obviously people should see this movie.

It's on Hulu right now.

It's also can't, is it on demand or is it only on Hulu?

Just Hulu.

Okay.

So get a Hulu account.

You can get 30 days free if you, if you've never had it.

I'm presuming I think you can get anything for free for 30 days.

You could do 30 days free, watch the movie and then just get off it.

And probably you're even seven days or something.

It only takes an hour and a half to watch.

What if they only gave you 90 minutes free that I would say what Palm Springs?

Sure.

That's a good use of your time.

I mean, I, yeah, it's already bought by who.

So for me, it doesn't matter if it, if it counts for them.

But you want people to see it because we all want people to see our work.

You know, I, of course I shut down the minute I get my paycheck, but, but you're emotionally invested in this.

Yes.

We worked real hard on making a movie and now it's out.

Although it sounds like you only spent 21 days there on set, but still, I mean, it's, you know, comparatively though.

Yeah.

But it took five years to edit.

That's true.

That's a good point.

I was wondering why everything was set in 2015.

But it's a great movie.

Check it out on Hulu.

You can also check it out in a drive in movie theater out there.

And it's a good time.

Anything else you want to plug?

Nope.

Just very good piece, piece love and understanding, you know, John Lennon.

Anything you want to plug?

Oh, no, just keep an eye out for this vaccine.

We're coming out with you're not part of it.

I think I'm keeping an eye out for it.

Keep an eye out.

I'm aware of it.

Yeah.

We'll hear about it.

You sure?

Well, I'm aware of, you know, movies coming out next year, but I'm keeping an eye out for them.

But could you name the date tenant is going to be there?

No, I can't.

They keep moving it, you know, right?

Because hard.

We got to keep moving on this vaccine.

So we're going to work on that for you guys and get the theater safe again and get everyone out to see tenant.

All right.

Very good.

How about you?

Barry Sams.

What are you plugging?

My friend, Will Hines has an album.

We're talking about a lot of albums today and it's called Turn It Up.

And if you want to hear two middle aged dead pan, low energy dudes have a benign midlife crisis, then listen to this album of music they made for fun.

Wait, it's a music album?

What is it?

Yeah, yeah.

My friend, Will Hines's friend Joel Spence and he made an album.

Yeah, music.

Just straight to dead pan guys.

Two low energy dry.

These guys are dry as heck.

That's one of the first adjectives used to describe them.

Super dry.

So I want to hear music be like, I wish it was more nuanced and not so on the nose.

This is the album for you.

It's called Turn It Up.

It's like, what if they might be giants weren't as good?

That is how I would describe this album.

And, yeah, if it's a real album and it's on like Spotify and Apple music and stuff and turn it up with by Will Hines and Joel Spence.

Is that how we'll listen about it?

Oh, the band.

No, the band is Wayne and Rodney.

I forgot.

Wayne and Rosie.

Okay.

That's another layer, which is like, I don't know how I'm going to find this.

They say, make it hard to find is what they say.

If you're trying to cut the noise.

All right.

Well, I want to plug, I think it's too late to see comedy bang bang on Netflix anymore, but they might have them on Pluto TV these days.

So check it out.

All right.

Let's close up the old plug bag.

You start with a C when you want to close it up.

You lead with an L and then you own.

All right, guys, I want to thank you so much.

Andy, always great to see you.

Your second of eight appearances this year.

Yeah, more on the way and they're going to be all this good.

Damn.

You are a dynamo of energy today.

I'm taking it up a notch.

The last 30 minutes of this I've been checking my clock and seeing how late I am for dinner with my daughter.

Is that a normal thing every night you have dinner with your daughter?

Yeah, pretty much.

Just the two of you.

Yeah, she cooks.

You clean.

Yeah.

And Barry Sam's always great to see you.

I mean, I say always great to see you in the hopes that I'll see you again.

Yeah, great.

Yeah, making a regular thing.

Like this the first of eight times this year.

I'm available.

All right.

Fantastic.

I hope those dogs never catch up to you.

Oh, thank you.

As the Irish once said, may the dogs never catch up to your pace.

Yeah.

John Lennon, I know you have to go right now.

Goodbye.

See you later.

And sloppy boys.

I think I can stay.

I can stick around.

Oh, you can't.

I've got no one to be.

I'm actually going to stick around.

Slappy boys, you have one more song, right?

One more song from parody.

So that you want to play here.

Yeah, check out the Scott.

You really left us out of the plugs bag there.

Well, because you.

Yeah, because we're talking about it right now.

You have one you have a plug plug right here by playing a third song.

What is this song called?

This song is called Little Miss Socialite.

Little Miss Socialite by the sloppy boys.

This is going to take us out.

Guys hit it.

Oh, yeah.

♪ Study that the finest schools in you ♪ ♪ Summer'd by the fly's pools ♪ ♪ But you haven't thought of quite everything little Miss Socialite ♪ ♪ Oh, yeah.

Daddy's compounds in old St. Bart's in you.

Mama's condos got new for art, but have you even considered this?

♪ Take us with you ♪ ♪ Take us with you ♪ ♪ Take us with you ♪ ♪ Please ♪ ♪ Little Miss Socialite ♪ ♪ Oh, yeah.

♪ Here you took a trip right up to Ibiza ♪ ♪ I was on there, huh?

♪ No, Jeff, I'm like either ♪ ♪ Did you really think we wouldn't want to be there? ♪ ♪ What? ♪ ♪ Oh, yeah.

♪ Watch some films at a fast and calm ♪ ♪ We'd have gladly driven out nothing ♪ ♪ But if you'd fandangold us three tickets ♪ ♪ Take us with you ♪ ♪ Take us with you ♪ ♪ Please ♪ ♪ Little Miss Socialite ♪ ♪ Oh, everybody in the Pokednose knows ♪ ♪ When you go to Aspen or Stoney, I got to ♪ ♪ At the very least, put us on a Amtrak ♪ ♪ Plus we've heard your education really paid off ♪ ♪ You got your own non-profit with its own write-offs ♪ ♪ Well, look no further, baby ♪ ♪ We're accepting donations ♪ ♪ Make us rich too ♪ ♪ Make us rich too ♪ ♪ All three ♪ ♪ Little Miss Politicalite ♪ ♪ Go! ♪ All right, we'll see you next time. Thanks, bye.

♪♪♪♪ ♪♪♪♪ I'm going to go ahead and get a little bit of a look.
