♪♪ They say pride goeth before a fall, but I can only go in public if I'm in a stall.

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

Mmm, thank you to Catch Phrase Superstar Euripides shorts for that wonderful catchphrase submission.

And welcome to Comedy Bang Bang for another week.

We are deep in the throes of an Auggie Doggie to remember.

We will never forget this Auggie Doggie.

For the rest of our lives, as long as we may live, however long that may be.

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang for another edition.

Today, this is very exciting to have these three disparate people on the program.

Coming up a little later, we will have an author and clergy person.

We will also have a sibling.

So that's exciting, a sibling.

Although many of these people may be siblings, they did not ask to be described thusly in their description, but this person did.

We also, coming up first, by the way, my name is Scott Ochermann.

I am a sibling.

So hey, who knows?

Maybe everyone is a sibling on this show.

That would be an incredible coincidence to have four siblings on one show.

I wonder if that has ever been done before.

I'm sure if the property brothers, yeah, if they ever have a podcast, they'll get some siblings.

They have a leg up on me.

But until then, this may be the first episode Comedy Bang Bang has ever done with four siblings.

We will check them off as I introduce them.

Coming up first, we have a person who is so many jobs.

She is a podcastist host.

No, podcast hostess.

No, podcast host.

She is the host of How Did This Get Bade Along with her co-hosts, Paul Shear and Jason Manzukas.

I consider them to be the co-host to your host.

Is that safe to say, June?

Yeah, I think that's fair.

Yeah, you're the main attraction.

Yeah, that's right.

You're the draw as they say.

Correct.

Yeah, no complaints here.

Sure, of course not.

You also are the host of the Frankie and Johnny show.

What is that called?

What is it on?

Oh, okay.

So that's, I do actually, this is part I want to clarify.

The show, it's a show that I act in and it's called...

That's kind of hosting, is it not?

I guess if we're all sort of hosts of our own bodies, then my character is hosting herself.

I mean...

We're all heroes of our own stories, right?

That's right.

I do agree with that.

How many episodes of that Frankie and Johnny do they ever just like, it starts with you staring into camera just right down the barrel saying, hello, welcome to Frankie and Johnny.

Well, first of all, Scott, it is Grace and Frankie.

So, yeah, I just want to encase listeners or confused or want to look for the right thing.

But you'd get there if you've put in Frankie, would you not?

So I'm not that far off.

Yeah, I just...

I don't know, it's a show I've worked on for many years now.

What about Frankie and Stein?

You ever hear of that guy?

He's chilling.

Different characters, different shows.

Although, I guess the doctor is the more chilling of the duo because the monster just, from what I could tell from the brief 10 minutes I saw of one movie, he just wanted to be loved, did he not?

You know what?

I think that's a beautiful reading.

And yes, I agree that even the worst among us.

By the doctor, by humanity, not by fire.

Certainly, I saw that in my 10 minutes.

That was right when I turned it off.

Yeah.

No, you should probably watch a little bit more.

How much more was there?

Do you think in that Frankie and Stein movie I saw?

You ever cover that in the How Did This Get Mades?

No, all the Paul, Paul Sheer, who is one of my co-hosts of How Did This Get Mades.

How Did This Get Mades?

Well, I mean, I think it's a great thing.

I think it's a great thing.

I'm 5'9".

I was 5'9".

At 11 years old, I've been tall for some time now.

I had to certainly grow into that and become comfortable with that as a woman.

I do think one of the positive things about being tall in terms of body type is you can carry extra LBs and nobody necessarily notices.

I've always had that going for me and I've always appreciated that.

I think I'm long.

I think I probably have longer legs and a shorter torso.

In the trunk department, if you were a car, what do they call it?

In England, they call it the boot.

I think that if I were a car, I would maybe be a stretch limo.

Stretch limo?

Yeah, I don't know.

I'm not trying to do it.

With high school kids like partying from the sunroof on their way to prom?

Maybe, I think more just a really dignified stretch limo going to some sort of black tie, maybe charity event or something picking up a number of dignitaries.

Alcohol included in this ride or is this the kind of thing where you have to bring your own?

I think there is alcohol included, but there aren't those fake plastic cups.

There's real glassware.

Real glassware?

Okay.

So like a classy, classy, long stretch hummer?

No, not a hummer.

Not a hummer?

No, I don't think so.

Yeah, I think of regular a standard...

Like a town car or a Rolls Royce?

With a driver?

With a driving mestazy situation going on?

No, not driving mestazy situation going on.

No, okay.

No, I have a very healthy appreciation for my own body and how it functions.

I'm very privileged to have a healthy...

Gas goes in the tank.

That's right, yeah.

Exhaust comes out the exhaust.

Again, I thought I said I didn't want to enter into sort of bathroom potty area.

It is kind of interesting that like cars, if they were like human bodies, you would probably put gas in the mouth of the car, which we've all seen the cars trilogy of films, unless you haven't covered that on one of your two podcasts on Spooled or How Did This Get Made?

I'm not unspooled.

The mouth of the car is really the grill, which is why we call teeth grills sometimes, or at least the accoutrement that goes into teeth.

So why do we not put the gas tank into the grill in order to just sort of simulate a car eating?

Wouldn't that be fun?

Sure.

What do you think of cars too?

I don't really...

What do I think of cars too?

Sure.

Yeah.

I saw cars three in the theater as one of the first movies I took one of my children to see.

Were they frightened by the cars or were they...

Did they embrace the idea of scary anthropomorphic cars that go inside each other?

I remember in that first cars movie, one of the cars went inside a bigger car, almost as if it was like having sex with the other car going inside it.

Do you remember that part?

Was that in Cars 3 as well?

I'm not sure.

And just again, I'm going to flag some...

For you, Scott, some of the sexual content that we...

When we veer into that, I'm just going to give you a bit of a heads up, especially when it comes to children's...

This is cars having sex.

This is not human beings having sex.

I understand.

This is flag...

I understand.

I'm just flagging it.

I'm not uncomfortable now, but I'm just flagging out.

Let me know.

Anytime you're uncomfortable, we want to shut it down.

We will end this episode right away.

Thank you.

This could be our shortest episode ever.

By the way, take a look at the runtime.

If it's seven minutes, I must have done something really bad.

June Diane Raypales here.

Hello, June.

Hi, Scott.

How are you?

It's great to see you.

How's everything going with you?

You mentioned Q, and that's not QAnon.

You're not part of the...

Nothing to do with that.

You have nothing to do with that on either side of it.

Am I right?

Nothing.

You're not one of these Tom Hanks celebrities who is gaining grease citizenship to get out of the country because they're going to be indicted.

No, that's not me.

I want to be super clear right now.

Scott, I have nothing to do with that.

Nothing to do on either side.

You're not a keyboard warrior.

No.

Got it.

Yeah, that's not my area.

That's not my ministry.

But yeah, I was talking about the quarantine.

Sure.

How's yours going?

I can see...

We're doing a Zoom podcast here.

From what I can see of your home, you appear to be in front of a fireplace with a big rock on the mantle.

That's a vase.

Oh, okay.

Well, yeah.

I guess a vase really is just a rock if you can't see the top.

Sure.

Yeah.

No, I'm doing just fine.

I was actually thinking before I knew we were going to talk today, Scott, that one of the last happy memories I have of life before quarantine was when we were in Mexico together celebrating my birthday.

We went to Mexico in order to celebrate your birthday and the birthday of the year 2020.

Yes.

One of the greatest years in history.

And as far as I can remember, and it's hard to remember anything that happened before this because I think my brain is healed over because there's been so much trauma.

But one of the brief glimpses of memories that I can recall is you sitting upon a chair being lifted up by several people we did not know who were carrying you and the chair above their shoulders as midnight struck.

Is that safe to say?

That's a perfect description.

Looking back on it, it really does seem like it was the last good time.

It really did.

I can't imagine that ever happening again.

Anything about it.

No, nothing.

Being together, being in person, being out of the store.

Letting a stranger touch you.

Yeah.

Sitting at a chair that others might have sat at.

Sitting at a chair, I think I can picture that happening again.

A communal chair, I haven't sat on any, I really haven't sat, I haven't gone to a restaurant, I haven't done anything.

I haven't gone to another place.

You've kept to your own chairs.

Yeah, it's been me and my chairs.

During the quarantine, it's just been you and the chairs.

How many chairs do you have?

If you had to, okay, close your eyes right now.

Imagine every chair in your house within the perimeter of the property that you own.

How many chairs do you have?

25.

And this is a real guess.

It is.

But I'm including, you said the perimeter, so I'm including outdoor chairs.

Oh yeah, yeah, outdoor chairs work.

Yeah, definitely.

So 25, which is an odd number for chairs.

Usually you want to get even numbers on those chairs, you know, just because who knows who's ever going to sit across from you.

But 25 is, and we're not counting again, I know you hate to talk about these rooms, but we're not talking about the toilets.

Those don't count as chairs.

I was not counting the toilet as chairs, although I actually, and again, I don't want to go on to potty talk.

Sure.

No, we don't have to.

But I do, because I have small children, I am actually often sitting on the toilet and walk into this.

No, God.

We all do it.

Have you not taught your children this?

I don't use that language.

I don't like when people conjure that up.

I don't have a marriage in which that's, oh, we don't have an open door policy when it comes to that.

I like a real.

By the way, I know you're close with my wife.

Could you teach her these values?

Your ex-girlfriend.

Yes, my ex-girlfriend.

Could you possibly, could any of this rub off on her?

Yes, she's, you know what?

I've always, her standards are very different, and she's a little bit, she's, she's more progressive in that department, and I see that and I appreciate it, but I'm not interested in expanding my mind.

Can I come live with you guys?

Yes.

It's the way I feel about ghosts.

I'm happy if they're out there.

I'm happy if people communicate with them.

I think that's well and that's all well and good.

I have no interest.

Who's your favorite ghost in cinematic history?

Well, Patrick Swayze, of course.

Patrick Swayze, because, well, what was so special about him?

He got all up behind Demi Moore and got his finger sticky.

Is that?

Again, I'm going to flag.

I don't.

We're talking about pottery, are we not?

I just want to, I just want to keep the space both brave and safe for everyone.

Sure.

We want to be brave enough to say these things, but we want it to be safe enough that people don't turn off their podcasts.

Sure.

I just love that love story.

Well, I've never seen the movie.

What exactly happens in it?

He hears, here's what I guess happens.

By the way, I need your take on the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles as well.

Here's what I think happens in the movie Ghost, and this is just from seeing commercials.

Patrick Swayze.

Are you still running or these are?

They're not still running, but you realize I've been alive for a while.

I saw them in my past.

Patrick Swayze is either married to Demi Moore or is about to get married to Demi Moore.

They go do pottery with a spinning wheel.

They get all sticky.

He gets beheaded.

The words, the end come up.

Okay.

You may have several different memories coming in and out and reference points.

He never gets beheaded.

Yeah, that's not something.

How does he die?

Well, okay.

So my memory of this is now getting a little foggy.

No spoilers.

But he has been murdered by a dear friend.

This is verging into spoiler territory.

It is.

It's a little more generic, a little more generic for it.

Scott, at this point, I feel like you can't make a statement about no spoilers for Ghost.

It's a classic movie.

Everybody's seen it.

I'm one of those people who has missed it, unfortunately, but I'm going to get to it before I die.

If it is the last thing I do.

I want you to enjoy your experience of it, but at this point, it's sort of a cultural.

It's a part of the cultural consciousness.

So I can't be.

Goldberg is in this movie.

Does she kill him?

No, I'll say that.

I will say that much.

No.

Too bad.

I'd like to see that.

She has.

She is able to see him after he's died.

Demi Moore is his wife.

I'm almost positive in the movie.

And she misses him dearly.

And she is able to communicate with him through whoopie.

Through whoopie.

Goldberg.

One of the things I love about the movie is Demi Moore's haircut.

It was one of the first representations for me of a woman with very short hair.

Would you be just as happy looking at just a picture of her?

Would you enjoy that as equally as much as the movie?

No, I love the movie.

I absolutely love the movie.

But I really responded to that hair.

It was a very like 90s, early 90s, like women were presenting themselves in different ways.

And I loved it.

A lot of people think they can pull that hair cut off.

Oh, I can't.

And I know that.

What do you think it is about you?

And again, we're getting into body type here.

But what is it about either the shape of your face or how it relates to your hair?

Why could you not pull that off?

In middle school, I played softball.

And I think I was in seventh grade when I went.

Shocker.

Oh, that's hurtful.

I don't know.

I don't even know what that means.

But I guess I don't.

I feel a little hurt.

It felt a little hurt.

That's how it was meant.

But I honestly don't even understand what I said.

Okay.

Well, hopefully we can maybe figure that out in another time.

Let's move past.

I don't want this podcast to end.

So you played softball.

Did you have to keep your hair sort of cap length?

Well, I had no, but I, this is why I can't pull off that haircut.

I had, they tried on all the batting helmets on my head.

One by one, I have such a, it's one of the core memory and none of them fit.

So not all at the same time.

No, Scott.

But then they went to the boys bin and they tried on all of those helmets and none of them fit.

And so they had to send out and they had to measure my head and send out for a very special helmet to fit the size of my head.

So when I say I have a big head, it's really, that's no exaggeration.

I've never, costume designers always want to put hats on me.

And I always tell them they won't fit.

And they said, no, we have big ones and they don't fit.

And so it's, it's sort of this, this trauma that I have to go through over and over again.

And when you have a head this size, you can't have that haircut.

You keep pointing at it.

I can't, I'm not getting any perspective.

Could you move that vase next to it?

Because I've never, I've never noticed the size of your head, but if you put something, if you put like a ruler next to it or, or, oh, yeah, yeah.

Okay.

Is that a, a coffee bean?

Now this is a large coffee.

That's a large.

This is, this is as big as you can get.

And your head is approximately one and a half times this, the length of those certainly.

So my head, and maybe you'll get a better perspective.

It's not that my face is that, that big, but it's the, the circle.

Big head tiny face.

Oh, that's a tough look.

Sort of like, I'm imagining that, that a thing in Beetlejuice in the waiting room.

Exactly.

That's a tough, tough look.

I mean, there are people that I won't, will not take photographs next to because our friends, Scott Lora Kindred is one of them, because once a small headed person is next to me in the photo, they don't look weird.

I do.

Right.

So you're, you're stuck, you know, looking for opportunities to take pictures next to Jim Gaffigan.

Exactly.

Another big headed person we had on the show a few weeks back.

And Gaffigan, Rob Riggle, I see all the big, big headed people out there and I, I stand in solidarity.

Well wonderful.

June is here talking, of course, about the connected Jane in the Jane club.

Have we covered that to your satisfaction at this point?

The first time you've mentioned it.

Oh, well, my mistake.

Let's get to it.

What exactly are these two things that I just mentioned?

Well, Scott, while and your ex-girlfriend cool up the lie sack is a big part of the Jane club.

It was a, it is a space that I founded back in 2017.

And we started off as a co-working space with full time childcare where women and men, any caretaker could come bring their child and work during the day.

And then we offer tons of programming like meditation, workout classes, teachings on all sorts of subjects, financial literacy, estate planning classes and an entire village really of resources for women and caretakers.

Since COVID hit, we moved all of our programming online and we call that membership the connected Jane and it's been during these difficult times, a real life saver and a really special experience.

So Jane's get together right now.

Actually Nicole Byer, that's why I was a couple minutes late.

Nicole Byer was doing a talk for our Jane's and we do programming throughout the day and cocktail parties at night.

We have a book club tomorrow night and the connected Jane membership is $50 a month.

It's truly been such a wonderful experience.

That's cheap at twice the price.

Yes.

And expensive at three times the price.

Well, for your listeners and for my special, special fans, there is a special code which is insider Jane FF.

And I should mention that CoolUp is one of our original Jane's along with many other women that I'm sure a lot of your listeners know, Casey Wilson, Daniel Schneider.

Who all came together to invest and support in this community and it's been quite wonderful.

So how do people sign up for this because it sounds like a wonderful opportunity for people who, I mean, look, I know people who are just sitting there in a small 800 square foot apartment, studio apartment, just staring at the walls right now.

And there's nothing to do and there's no one to talk to and it sounds like something that these people could use.

How do people sign up?

Oh my gosh.

Yes.

There's so much isolation and I want to also say that for older folks who are 60 plus, there is a lower membership rate of $40 a month and that special code gives you $10 off your first month to $30 a month for folks over 60.

And you're not checking IDs, right?

I mean, someone could say they're 60 and just breeze on through, right?

We ask for birth dates.

Okay, but so, okay.

Mine is April 20, 1958.

So so much of the community Scott is really about these kind of promises of trust and community agreements.

And although we don't ask for IDs, people are also on screen for a lot of the programming and experiences.

So we can see if someone does not look 60 plus.

I've never had to kick anyone out.

You're not checking photos of people holding their IDs up.

I once had a friend who I saw a picture of her with just holding her driver's license up and she showed it to me.

And I immediately I have a brain like this.

I jotted down all the information and memorized everything in my mind.

Oh, that's so weird.

She showed me a picture of her health insurance card as well of her just holding it up.

And then the other thing I thought was why didn't she crop herself out of that photo and just have the card be the photo.

But you know, different strokes.

Yeah, of course, I think you're referring to before we started recording, I had to share my screen with our lovely engineer Kevin to to ask him a question about recording on QuickTime.

And I did pull up a couple of images on my a couple images were on my computer.

Oh, that was you.

That's right.

Okay.

That's me.

Yeah, that's definitely I mean, I think that's definitely me you're talking about.

I was misremembering it as an old friend of mine.

No, no, that's me.

But if you could just I don't know what personal information and financial information you might have seen again, it just keep that to myself use it only for a personal use.

Don't tell any of our special listeners.

Well, maybe I should be clear.

I would rather you didn't even use it for your personal.

So remember it all the details, keep them committed to memory, but just don't use them or nothing in there that you need to know.

There's nothing.

Yeah, you know, you do know where I live.

Don't say it right now, obviously, but you know how many years I have.

You give a general sense of the area, you know, I could like we don't have to just say is California okay?

Can I say California?

California is okay, but I'm not saying I'm Jennifer Aniston or Meg Ryan, but I, but I am in the public eye on Grace and I tell them Bakersfield is about where people can find you.

The first field.

Sure.

That works.

A lot of people don't know that about you, but you and Paul de Camp to the Bakersfield area.

Six years ago, just turned your backs on Hollywood.

Honestly, my dream come true would be to turn my back on Hollywood and get the fuck out of here.

I don't know if I would land in Bakersfield, but I know many people live there and I've actually done, yeah, I've done some canvassing there and spoken to a lot of lovely people out in Bakersfield.

So how do you enough talk about Bakersfield?

How do people get get onto this connected Jane?

What do they do?

Thank you so much for reminding me Scott so they can just head to Jane Club.com and read all about Jane Club.com or just Jane Club.com.

Jane Club.com.

Okay.

They can read all about the connected Jane and what we're up to and the robust, incredible programming that we offer.

And yeah, I'd love them to come join us over there.

And can anyone who joins then essentially like come 5 p.m.

or 4 p.m. or 3 p.m.?

I don't know exactly when you're doing this, but have some sort of a cocktail with you on a Zoom?

Well, I don't want to offer my personal.

This isn't like cameo or something like that.

This isn't, I hope I would price myself well over $50.

You would price yourself unlimited cameos for a month.

How much do you think people should be paying?

I mean, listen, I did go on cameo.

I was trying to get Paul a cameo for Father's Day and I did see some people we know Scott and I was trying to get Paul.

Well, for Paul, since the quarantine, we have been watching a lot of wipe out.

And I'm loving every second of it.

It's a great show and I hear it's coming back.

Okay.

So someone who, somebody who fell on that show is doing camera.

No, not a contestant.

The contestants never really popped off.

They're not, you know, they're sort of in and out of one episode.

But the one of the hosts, she's the one that's sort of down with the contestants interviewing them.

I was trying to get a cameo from her.

And you were unsuccessful.

You know what?

I couldn't, I couldn't justify the price.

How much was this cameo that this person who you don't even know the name of?

Her first name is Jillian.

I'm not sure of her last name.

I believe she was in the high two hundreds.

So two 99?

I believe she was like two 75 or two 75 for one cameo.

And what is it?

Look, now we're just talking about cameo.

We shouldn't be talking about this.

We should be talking about the connected Jane.

No, I'm, we definitely, I want to be clear that can actually want to be clear about it.

The connected Jane is just not, it's not like a monthly cameo experience with me.

I realize sometimes with you, Scott, I got it.

I actually have to be a lot clearer than I think.

So I'll get no problem.

I'll get pretty granular and now I'll drill down.

Drill down.

It is, however, you could, if you were a Jane Scott, you could sign on to, we have morning community connections where everybody gets a chance to sort of check in, see people, say a couple of words about what they're excited about for their day or dreading or whatever.

And then we have meditation at 1130.

We have workout classes at 8am.

We have these special fireside chats like Nicole is doing right now.

And then, and then we do have cocktail parties and we have our book club is tomorrow night.

It's part.

What are you reading?

We're reading stamped from the beginning, which is.

Mm.

Stamps.com.

Oh, no.

If you don't like to go to the post office.

No, no, no, no.

Stamps.com.

Stamps.com has nothing to do with that.

I want to be clear.

I want to go.

I want to be still.

There are super sponsor.

We want to make sure that we are exceptionally clear that they have stayed away from all of that.

That is, they have absolutely nothing to do with that book and incredible scholarship.

They have nothing to do with that.

So yeah, you can sort of use the, and then we have a platform where James come on and we all message each other.

There's tons of discussion on our online platform throughout the day and prompts and we do writers workshops and all sorts of wonderful things.

This sounds incredible.

It's all news to me.

I had wondered why Koolop had been paying me no attention during the quarantine.

I thought this would be a chance for the two of us really to, you know, open our relationship up and get to know each other better.

But instead she's been on the computer the entire time.

Yeah.

So.

And you should, I mean, I don't know, just as your friend, I feel, no, you should just ask her questions if you don't know what's going on.

Like, why don't you get off the computer and pay attention to me?

No, no, not like that.

More like, just say, what are you interested in?

What are you working on?

Just in that spirit of curiosity?

Okay.

This is, this is the sound.

Is this the kind of advice you give to your fellow James?

You know, I try not to step into that, that kind of personal arena.

But, but just as your friend and obviously Koolop's my friend, I would encourage you to just be curious about her and her interests.

All right.

Good advice for everyone.

And that's the kind of thing you can hear if you sign up for the Connected Jain, which is streaming now on Netflix.

Oh, that's not at all.

Yes.

And I'm just going to jump in for a quick second, Scott.

The Connected Jain is an online membership and folks can go to jainclub.com and check it out and use that special code insider jain FF for $10 off your first month.

It is a What's the FF stand for?

Fantastic for?

No, friends and family.

Friends and family.

All right.

Wonderful.

Well, look, we need to take a break June if that's okay.

When we come back, we're going to have a sibling.

By the way, I forgot to ask.

There's two things I got to ask you about and I'm going to tease it on the other side of the break.

We're going to hear of June is a sibling and we're going to hear her impression of the teenage mutant into turtles on, of course, America's premier teenage mutant into turtles podcast comedy bang bang.

We'll be right back with more after this comedy bang bang.

We are back here with June Diane Raphael.

I forget if I even introduce.

Yes, I did, of course.

She of course has the Connected Jain and the Jain Club.

You can go to jainclub.com right now and sign up using.

Oh man, that code.

It had FF in it.

It was like.

Insider Jane FF.

How do you suppose someone should remember that?

So okay, there's there's the movie, the insider and that featured Al Pacino on a beach on a cell phone yelling.

So picture picture Al Pacino on a beach on a cell phone yelling.

Okay.

And then Jane, Jane Fonda maybe he's yelling at Jane Fonda.

So imagine, imagine Al Pacino on a beach on a phone and he's yelling and on the other side of the phone, there's Jane Fonda.

Okay.

And then she's got her friends and family around her.

And this is how you can remember this.

Okay.

It's a mental picture.

This is like a mentalist trick.

You have to make mental pictures for every part of it so that when you think of it, you go, okay, well, I was thinking of Al Pacino on a phone on a beach.

Is he only a Jane Fonda and she has all of her loved ones around her?

Oh, insider Jane FF.

And I just want to say that the actual experience, of course, is nothing like what you just conjured up.

You will not, if you signed up for the Connect to Jane, Al Pacino will not yell at you.

No.

On a beach.

No, no, no.

Yeah.

So immediately after remembering that, just let that go.

Just let that go.

Once you type that in, that's the last time you'll ever have to remember that.

Although I hope you never forget it because it's quite a whimsical image.

We have two little pieces of business that we promise to get to before we get to our next guest.

Number one, are you a sibling, June?

Yes, sibling of two.

Well, how to put that?

I am a sibling of, no, I'm a sibling of three.

I'm one of three siblings.

You're one of three.

So you're one slash three if you're doing a Twitter thread.

You go one slash three.

Okay.

It's kind of confusing that you called your thing the Jane Club when your name is June.

You know what I mean?

Like at what point, at what point do you just like start to go like, it's the June Club?

Well, that's happened a number of times and I always correct.

Because I've almost called you Jane several times in this and I know you well.

Well, I, you know, it's both very much so about me and also not about me at all.

No, we were, we chose that name because Jane Adams is a, a figure in history that, that has not often been talked about.

A lot of people don't know about her and she started the whole house in Chicago and.

Well, I wish we had time to get into this, but however, unfortunately that a lot of people not knowing about her is going to continue because we have one last piece of business before we get to our sibling.

What do you think of the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles?

Have you seen any of those three movies?

Actually, I believe it's five movies at this point.

You seen any of them?

I'm pretty sure we covered one of them on, on how did this get made?

I have a complicated history with the turtles because of course my last name, Raphael, kids used to, you know, a lot of people pronounce it Raphael, which is great too.

But a lot of kids made fun of me and, and called me a Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles.

So I have a, even though you were so tall.

I think because I was so tall.

I mean, the turtles are tall.

I guess those turtles are tall.

Yeah.

Well, they're taller than turtles.

They're shorter than grown men.

I would say.

No, they're not.

It's got the turtles in the movie are from what I remember the picture I'm conjuring up.

They are just, they are taller than humans.

Yeah.

Wait.

So you're impressed.

Okay.

So this is good to know.

So June, your impression of these movies is that the turtles loom over normal humans.

The tallest human is probably seven, two or so, I would imagine.

You think they're taller than that?

No, not the tallest human.

I would say an average size human.

So average.

So if you look up the average man and see a picture of Tim Calpakis, and that is candid.

If you do a Google image search, a picture of Tim Calpakis will come up.

But that I would say five average man is five, 10.

You think they're above five, 10?

Yeah.

Five, eleven.

Ish.

I think they're a couple inches taller.

You're in the six one.

Yes.

You think these turtles are six one?

All right.

This is good to know.

I have no idea.

I don't know anything about them either.

So this is good intel.

I'm going to, I'm going to take this back to the lab with me.

Try to figure this out.

All right.

But we do need to get to our next guest.

He is a sibling.

So that makes three siblings on one show.

And so we're continuing the sibling streak.

He's welcome to the show, Charlie Berge-Soenberger.

Got, thank you for having me on your show.

And yes, while it is true, I am a sibling that is not the number one descriptor I would use of myself.

Oh, I'm sorry.

That's quite all right.

I don't know.

That's just the information that I had here on the sheet.

What would you call your son?

I understand.

It's the only question that your producer asked me.

But I am a, I'm a bus pilot.

Maybe I heard that first word wrong.

Did you say you are, you're a pilot?

I'm a bus pilot.

That's correct.

I pilot a bus.

A bus pilot.

Yes.

June, you have a question?

I was trying to put those words together.

I pilot a bus.

Well, the bus doesn't, doesn't go on its own.

You need someone who's at the helm of the bus.

So I'm a pilot of the bus.

No, I know like a lot of moms and minivans will say, you know, I'm, I'm, I'm sort of the pilot or the co-pilot and it's fun and it's cute.

But I think you're actually describing being a driver.

Well, I'll take, I'll take, I'll take a issue with just what one of the things, well, both things she said.

I don't think that's fun or cute.

I don't think that using those terms.

You think it's disrespectful?

It's somewhat disrespectful.

It's confusing and, and could lead to a fatal misunderstanding.

If, if there's a situation where someone needs someone to pilot a vehicle and, you know, I've heard you, excuse me, I'm not dealing with my, my hypothetical, where someone might say, excuse me, ma'am, I heard you describe yourself as a co-pilot.

Could you please help this bus needs a pilot right now?

Then she's clearly been a liar.

And the second thing is, I understand that the term that you, perhaps you grew up with is bus driver, but, you know, a bus requires so much more than just putting your foot in the gas and the brake and, and steering the wheel.

It's, it's a, it's a complicated piece of machinery and it requires a pilot and that is what I am.

Can I, I'm so sorry, Scott.

Can I jump in for a second?

Yeah, please, of course.

I also, yeah, if there was any harm done by the language I chose, I, I, I really apologize.

Which is constantly evolving.

Is it not?

Absolutely.

And sometimes the terms that we, you know, call people.

Yes.

I, I take no offense, ma'am.

And I, I appreciate you letting me speak my piece.

It's something that comes up a lot and, and something I want to educate people on.

I am not offended in any way.

Okay, great.

And, and, because I, and I just, it gets super clear and, and, and on your identity and, and, and how you choose to name yourself.

Um, I, I, my understanding of the word pilot was that it, it, it defined, um, someone who is operating a piece of machinery, uh, that was not on the ground.

So, so, um, was in the air and specifically flu.

Sometimes because sometimes planes are on the ground.

So we want, want to make sure that we're specific with this.

Well, that, I mean, that's somewhat helpful, but not as helpful as it could be.

Um, you know, some birds are blue, but you wouldn't say a bird is something that is blue.

Uh, although are, are all bluebirds bluebirds?

All bluebirds are bluebirds.

Not all bluebirds are bluebirds.

Not all bluebirds.

Is that the hashtag that you want to go with?

You know what?

Yes.

So, but I think what June is trying to say is that even though planes are not, they don't even spend the majority of their lives in the air.

Uh, they're also live.

True, I guess, but, uh, uh, the, the life of a vehicle, uh, uh, once something goes into the scrap heap, I think, uh, you know, and I saw that cars movie and they seemed alive to me, but, um, a pilot usually denotes something that, that at least has the ability to launch itself or propel itself into the air.

Yes.

Uh, you're just saying in a longer way what, uh, June has already said and I will say once more that, uh, that is one definition of the word pilot.

Uh, it's a, it's a broader term than you think that it is and it does also extend to buses and I am a bus pilot.

I'm proud to be a bus pilot.

I love being on the ground.

Uh, I wouldn't go up in the air on a bench.

You don't, okay.

So you don't mean, you don't mean an air bus.

I do not mean an air bus.

I mean a ground bus as you know the term bus.

If, if buses had the ability to fly, would you take them up on that?

No, I wouldn't.

I wouldn't.

You would.

You have you ever not.

I'd spit in the face of anyone who suggested it to me.

Are things meant to be, are things meant to be on the ground?

In your opinion, are things meant to be on the ground?

Well, well, gravity exists.

Does it not?

We can all agree on that.

No argument there.

I do believe in gravity.

I subscribe to the theory of it.

And I will say that things are allowed to be in the air.

I'm not trying to stop anything from being in the air.

I have no desire to be in the air.

I think that there's a, there's a way you can travel through the air that's, that's fine for some.

I wouldn't do it.

I don't, I don't think it's been perfected yet, but traveling on the ground, especially by bus, I think there's no more beautiful way to travel.

Can I, can I ask?

Because you seem to, you seem, it seems like things are getting pretty heated for you.

Um, around the same.

I think you'll notice I haven't raised my voice or changed my tone anyway.

No, it seems like it's getting a little more heated on your end, June.

Well, or Jane, I mean, June, June, June, June.

This might be more of a YP than an MP.

It just seems like you, you are, are, you seem to get heated around the idea of people suggesting you might take your bus into the sky or have people asked you to do that?

Well, some guy just asked me a couple of seconds ago, if I would do it.

And, uh, I don't think that I got heated.

I think all, I think all, I believe all that I said, I, I didn't get heated, but you notice my tone of my voice did not rise.

I did not yell.

Uh, I was spoken a perfectly even tone and all I said was I would spit in the face of anyone who suggested that to me.

Yeah, my experience, just so you know, is that you do sound heated when you say I would spit in the face.

That's a, that's the words you chose more than the tone of your voice.

That's fair.

I understand.

And, and, uh, I, and to be more fair, I understand you have a very limited experience with me.

And, uh, what it means, what it sounds like when I get heated and let me assure you, uh, I am not heated.

Uh, I have no problem with things being in the air.

I just don't want to go in the air.

And if you try to make me do that, I will tear you limb from limb.

Oh my God.

See, there it is again, Scott.

There are like, you're driving you pointed out.

I will have superhuman strength.

I will literally literally tear you limb from limb.

I will make you into a torso with it.

I mean, I'm getting it.

I'm getting a real piece of it right here in my house.

It's, um, it's really, I won't even go up in a, I won't even go up in a tall building.

How, how tall?

What do you consider tall?

From what I hear, six one is tall.

I will not go up in a building that is taller than a tree.

Any tree.

I don't think there are many buildings that aren't taller.

Do you mean any tree on the world in the world or any tree next to it?

Any tree next to it.

If there is a tree, I will not, I will not ascend that building higher than the tree.

So really the only time you can go up to 30 rock is during Christmas time.

Is that right?

That's correct, which I do every year.

I wonder.

It's the best place to be.

What does this sound like when you get heated, by the way, because we don't have any experience with that.

Well, it's been quite a long time.

I have been known to a shout in my youth.

I lived in a very rambunctious household as I'm a sibling of two.

And are you one of three as well?

No.

So you're one of two.

You have one sibling, two one and a sibling of two.

Great.

And my brother and I did not get along.

We fought constantly and we haven't spoken in many, many years.

I'm so sorry to hear that.

It's fine.

I'm glad to never hear from him ever again.

And I pray to God he never darkens my door.

This is interesting.

And I am as well in accordance with June.

I'm not sure if that's exactly how to say it, but I agree with her in the sense of I'm very sorry to hear that.

But it does raise an interesting question.

He doesn't want us to be sorry.

Yeah.

Okay.

I don't pity you if that's what you're afraid.

I don't know if you're on a delay, but you're saying a lot of the same things that June is saying.

Well, I'm using what June is saying as a segue into my next thought, if that's okay, as to not seem like a crazy person who's just throwing out random things.

You're getting very heated.

I'm not getting heated.

He doesn't seem like he's got.

You're getting heated.

So now you feel it seems like you're a little heated too.

Well, I guess my point is if I may make my point, is that all right with you?

I wish that you were looking forward to it.

Do I call you Captain Berge, by the way, or Captain?

Well, you can just call me Berge.

Just Berge?

I guess my point, if I can calm down, if that's okay, is that I wanted to ask about your brother because...

Sorry, I think it is okay for you to calm down and I think it is okay for you to calm.

It was rhetorical.

I don't care if you think it's okay.

I know it's okay.

This is my show.

Everything is okay that I do.

Words have meaning, just like the word pilot means more things than you think it does.

I remember isn't pilot...

Isn't that Bruce Willis's kid, Demi Moore, the aforementioned Demi Moore?

Yes, I think they did have a pilot and I did...

I'm going to be totally honest at one point, I did consider naming our son Sailor.

Oh!

I'm sorry you are incorrect.

It was not Bruce Willis and Demi Moore who are the parents of pilot inspector.

I forget who, which celebrity that is, but the child's full name is pilot inspector.

Pilot inspector?

Is that someone who inspects pilot or is that like inspector gadget?

I don't know, it's not my kid.

Okay, well if we can get a producer on this, this is just going to eat at me this entire interview.

And you consider Sailor really?

For a moment.

Like Sailor Moon?

Yeah.

Okay.

I'm getting a Jason Lee.

I guess we're playing fast and loose with the term celebrity.

But meow!

But here's my point.

Here's my point.

Charlie, Berge, Sullenburge.

Berge.

Please call me Berge.

Berge.

I'm not a Sullen burglar.

You're not related to the amber.

I mean, no, that's not your sibling.

If anyone is the Sullen burglar, perhaps it's Morrissey?

I don't know.

What is he burgling though, other than feelings?

Yeah, I guess so.

But Sullenburger, I have to ask you, there is a famous Sullenburger who is...

Can I stop you right there?

Sure, stop me.

Yeah, stop me wherever you like.

Yes.

The answer to your question is yes.

I'd rather you didn't even ask it completely because it's not something I like to talk about.

I did not come on here to talk about my brother.

I came here to talk about my own life and my own career as a bus pilot.

Okay, but just to clarify for the listeners, the person to whom we're referring is...

Everyone knows.

You don't need to...

There's no...

But there might be a few people out there.

I like to talk down to the dumb shit to listen, you know?

I mean, you know, I mean, like 90% of our listeners are great, but then there's these 10% that are just like knuckle-dragging weirdos.

Paying me into a corner there, that needs to be done.

Okay.

Captain Sully Sullenberger is who we're talking about.

Is that correct?

Yes.

Wait a second.

You don't think he's a hero?

No, I do think he's a hero.

I barely think he's a pilot.

So I respect whatever, you know, whatever sibling rivalry or whatever family drama might have happened between the two of you, but I don't...

Thank you for respecting our...

I do respect that.

And respecting their sibling rivalry.

I respect your rivalry.

I really respect your rivalry.

I know how intense it can be to only have two siblings because if there's a natural...

There's a natural comparison.

A yin and a yang, a cheech and a chom.

But what I won't have Scott, and I know it's your show, but what I don't want to do is...

Oh, you're coming at me?

I thought you were coming at him?

No, I want to frame this conversation.

Oh, you fucked up Mel Scott.

And I want to put some scaffolding around this because what I won't do and I won't be a part of is in any way selling the name of Sully Sullenberger because what he did and the lives that he saved, and I don't know if anyone's listened to the recording of him...

The lives you put in danger, sure.

See, this is what I want...

Is that a podcast?

Regardless of what exactly happened, he...

And I didn't know I was walking into this today, Scott, so I also just want to say that and name that.

You mean like a goose who walked into his engine?

He made a very difficult decision.

The goose?

Or incompetent?

I'm getting lost in your point, June, because it seems like there's a lot of preamble.

Well, because I would love to go through...

You can make a good point if you're letting people constantly interrupt.

And I'm trying to get it out.

What I want to say is that he is an American hero.

We have to start there and whatever.

Why are you telling this to me?

I'm the person who said he was a hero.

Because you have a responsibility on your show to state the facts as we all know them.

And to...

Maybe I fucking would have if you would have let me for two seconds.

I just had to say my piece because I'm now associated with this podcast.

I'm now a guest on this podcast.

That's true.

And I'm consenting to having this person on...

I like to think that in your obituary, and I don't want that to happen anytime soon, but I'd like to think the comedy bang bang will be one of the prime things mentioned, along with Unspooled and Frankie and Johnny and all the rest of you.

I'm not unspooled and it's great and Frankie, but I just want to say I'm uncomfortable with this conversation and even diving into this debate because it's to me...

I barely want to touch on it.

You just go there there.

Okay, great.

Can I tell you something?

Can I say this?

Jane, you may be the star of Unspooled Johnny.

Out of this get made, I have nothing to do with Unspooled.

I've never been on that.

But let me tell you something.

What you don't know, it's interesting that you say the facts as we know them.

Tell her what she doesn't know, just like a man.

It's interesting you say the facts as we know them because I am sorry to inform you that you have been misinformed by the media and by my brother.

He is not a hero.

He is incompetent.

He put those people in danger.

It is entirely his fault that that geese flew into the engine.

And I don't go out there trying to denigrate his name or talk people out of looking up to him.

But if you bring it up to me, I will tell you the truth.

Scott.

I mean, a lot of people...

June, just to be fair, just because he is our guest.

Yeah, I just wish I had no idea.

And you are, of course, the co-host of Comedy Bang Bang.

I am putting your manners to the test.

True.

But let's hear him out.

Let's hear his side of the story because a lot of people say like, oh, what about all these people that Sully has saved?

Well, what about the goose that he killed?

You know, I mean, that's another way to look at it.

Is it not?

That's the other side of the story.

It's not.

It's not another way.

I don't care about animals.

I'm a vegetarian.

I don't eat animals.

Would you eat that goose that tried to kill so many people on that plane?

Would you eat that if it were presented in front of you?

No.

And now that we brought up the goose, let's get it out in the open.

Geese are wonderful animals.

They respect human beings.

They consider themselves our brothers.

It is evident in their actions and in the way they interact with human beings.

There's absolutely no way a goose would have flown into that plane engine had it known that human beings were on board.

Geese are famous for staying away from plane engines.

They don't go anywhere near them.

Why would you?

I would never go near one either.

Exactly.

Nor would I, my friend.

So how did that goose get in that engine?

You think it was a setup?

I know it was a setup.

I know for a fact that my brother.

This is shocking.

This is so-called hero of the Hudson through an already deceased goose into that engine.

This is, Scott, I am now very uncomfortable.

June?

This is very Trumpian, both sides.

This is very, this is, this is what we do on this podcast is we hear alternative points of view.

And, you know, and by the way, anyone can buy my muscle milk.

I'm selling that during the breaks.

But so what was the process bringing?

And by the way, geese are not wonderful animals.

They've never, no one's ever said that.

So you don't like geese?

I don't.

So you would eat geese because they're, they're bad animals.

You seem to think that I just will, no, I would never eat an animal.

I don't eat animals.

So even the worst.

And for them, even the worst animal.

Geese also don't eat animals.

So yep, more in common than you think.

What did geese eat?

Bread.

Grass, grass, bread.

It works.

The trifecta.

So so Berge, what was the process like for your brother?

Did he roll down the window and like, here's what I tossed it out the.

Well, of course you can roll down the windows in an airplane.

It's another way that aircraft are inferior to buses.

Do have those windows occasionally that you can slide.

Right.

You have to like.

Just a couple inches.

Just enough to let bugs in and and planes, of course, famously.

That's a third of what, Gese?

What I, what I imagine is that my brother had the goose.

Pre rigged, pre takeoff.

So that when he hit a certain speed and altitude, the goose would be sucked.

The goose carcass, I should say, would be sucked into the engine.

So sort of like a speed situation where if he, if he hits a certain velocity, just much, much like on, have you ever seen that movie speed?

That must be your worst nightmare.

Speed, the movie speed is a bit of a four letter word in, in my circles.

We don't, we don't appreciate any, any story that any, any fiction that makes light of the tampering with of buses.

It is a four letter word.

If you count the E is one letter.

That's what we do.

That's how we do it.

But what about that?

What was her name?

Sandra Dayo Connor, who drove that bus?

What was her name?

Billings Lake Bullock, Bullock.

What about Sandra Bullock?

Like you ever see a bus driver who looks like that?

I think you'll recall in the film, she was not actually a bus driver.

She was a civilian who was pressed into service to be the bus driver.

Now right there though, can I just say, Scott, right there?

This is, this is where, you know, I want to respect your identity, but you just said a bus driver.

I believe it was her.

Well, you just said bus driver.

In the world of the movie Speed, that is the term they used.

Of course they didn't consult with any bus pilots.

So you use whatever historical term that was used when, when talking about a movie, the language that they used is okay by you.

I would be respectful of the artists who went into that in their ignorance created that film.

But no, she was not, she was neither a bus driver nor a bus pilot.

She was just a civilian.

I wish that in the sequel, they put the sequel on a bus.

Also, I just want to say June, of course, he fell into my trap.

Anyway, go ahead, Scott.

Of course.

But in the sequel, shouldn't she have been a bus pilot?

Like she should have been so good at it that she's like, hey, I could get used to this.

Why?

I don't know.

It'd be fun.

They decided to go onto a boat in the next one, I believe.

Yeah, but she didn't pilot that.

Neither of them did as far as I remember.

I do remember Jason Patrick on a jet ski.

I'm sorry.

I'm so sorry.

Do you?

What's up?

Well, I'm just, I'm just trying to drill down yet again on this term pilot because I think honestly, Scott, you're.

So then you have accepted that my brother did sabotage that plane for his own glory.

Okay, good.

No, she hates geese.

She gets back to the pilot issue.

But not enough to eat them.

I am still a member of this podcast recording and I am here.

I do not condone.

I do not consent to that line of thinking.

I believe that it would be virtually impossible and I have no idea why you think your brother would do that.

I haven't understood that at all.

Yeah, well, motive plus opportunity equals crime.

What exactly was the motive?

We know the.

The motive was the motive was glory and fame.

And you might be shocked to learn that this is something he had been planning for quite a long time ever since we were children.

And in fact, was instrumental in driving us apart.

How did this come up when you were children?

He was jealous of me.

He was jealous of my bus piloting skills.

I was getting a pilot of us even at a young age.

I was a bit of a prodigy.

I started piloting a bus at the age of 11.

Wow.

And which was June became five nine.

That's just the year.

I actually grew six inches between the ages of 10 and 11.

Wow.

I was actually a very small when I was a child and that's what made it all the more prodigious my my feats of of pilotry with the bus because my my little arms could not even grasp the width of the wheel.

So they say to put them at 11 and two, but were you more at like five and four or both of my hands were at six.

Wow, both clasped on six one on top of the other.

So so but still they gave you what class of license do you need to have for this?

It's a J class.

So they gave you a J class license.

They gave you a J class license at 11 years old.

No, no, I was able to I did not have a license at 11.

I I was just they put me in exhibitions.

So like the world's fair kind of thing or things like well, there are certain bus events that happen all across the country year in and year out and is there like a cannonball run for buses?

Don't you about that.

Look, I'm just guessing, but really there is this is incredible.

No, no, there isn't.

And there never has been.

And it certainly doesn't happen every year.

Wow, amazing.

I look, I want to talk to you about this off air because this sounds amazing.

But off air, I'll tell you all the detail.

So so Sully did what now?

Sully says what?

Never forget his name is Chesley.

He doesn't like anyone to know that does he?

Because he never hear Chesley.

He likes to be called Sully because it makes him seem like a regular guy, which he is not.

He's a little Lord, font, l'Roy.

He wears a pilot's uniform made of velvet.

What?

Yes.

Incredible.

Velvet and like he's a dandy, a peacock, a puppet and J.

And again, I'm again, I'm trying to get to the why.

Why?

Why did he want to stage this?

Who won't where, why, when and how?

The reporter's questions.

Who?

Chesley, Sully, Sully, Sully, and Brother.

When, why?

For fame and for fame and glory.

And of course, jealousy of his brother.

What was the other one?

What?

What a goose.

Where?

The sky.

How?

We talked about it.

Pre-rig, pre-rig, goose carcass.

Wow, this is incredible.

Who, what, why, where, when and how, when, I guess, yeah, on that faithful, that faithful day when all those souls were on board.

That's correct.

Those that he put in jeopardy.

That's right.

Sorry, I have to tell these people to leave.

Hey, will you get out of here?

Who's there?

Who's over there at your place?

It's just a bunch of the guys.

Come on, get out of here, guys.

Are these people you're quarantining with or just neighbors?

I'd rather not get it.

They didn't agree to be on Mike, so I don't want to reveal their identities.

I will tell them one more time to get out.

Hey, guys, get out of here.

Wait, are these celebrities that if you revealed their identities, we would all know who you are.

They're all celebrities.

I can't go into it.

Okay, could you give us any kind of a hint?

We get like a blind item or something like that or?

Morgan Freeman.

You're partying with Morgan Freeman.

We're not partying.

Wow.

They're all learning how to drive buses.

Mr. Easey Reader himself.

I'm sorry.

You said there again.

I don't, I don't, I'm not trained to trap you.

I'm really not.

You just said they're all learning to drive buses.

June, that's fair.

It's a long time.

It takes a lot of training before you can call yourself a bus pilot.

And so we call the people that are learning drivers.

And it's, it's, hold on a second.

Will you be quiet?

Is that any way to talk to more, Morgan Freeman?

I'm not talking to him.

One of the world's greatest narrators.

He's very quiet.

He's a wonderful narrator.

Is she shouting about penguins right now?

No, I'm yelling at Stanley Tucci.

He was very loud.

Oh, okay.

Tucci, it's in his blood.

What's that mean?

He's Italian, you know, they're allowed people.

Why is your voice changing?

He's just doing a character.

I don't think we're allowed to do this anymore.

Quite honestly.

I may have to strike this from the podcast.

I don't know.

Well, this, so, so he was jealous of you and it took him all these decades later in order to.

He swore vengeance.

He swore that one day his name would be known and my name would remain obscure.

And do you think, because he also, I guess, put his own life in danger?

Did he?

Well, I guess, yeah, he, I mean, if the plan came together the way you said, yeah.

Unless he knew what he was doing the entire time, then he was never in any danger.

Okay.

I'm not sure how that makes.

I mean, even if you were to rig the goose into there, it's very difficult to make a water landing like that.

And I just don't think, again, you're not, I know you, you don't fly in the sky.

So you wouldn't know.

Never have never will.

But I don't think you could even ever practice flying that kind of 747 on the Hudson River.

So that's, that's something he had never ever done.

Then what was he doing every day after school from the ages of seven?

To what, 18?

18.

Wow.

That's like five days a week.

That's a 250, 260 times he practiced this.

Right.

If you go to year round school, of course, three months off and that it lessons considerably.

We did go to year round school.

You did.

Okay.

Well, this is an incredible story.

We haven't even gotten to my theory, which is that I have always thought that Sully Sullenberger replaced the Hudson that day.

Chesley, of course, he replaced the Hudson that day with just a blue tarp that he landed safely on.

So are you saying that he drained the river and then just put a tarp over it?

Yeah.

And that was somehow easier to land on than water.

If I could just say, yeah, I'm going to, I'm going to pipe in here for a second guys.

And I just want to say and ignore treasure guests.

Please, please.

Yeah.

And say that for me, Sully remains an American hero after this discussion.

And I actually, I looked to him and I looked at his story and what happened on the Hudson as an example of, as an example of what it is to have older people with tons of experience.

Much like Frankie and Johnny.

Grayson Frankie, which yes, you're right.

You're right, Scott.

It does offer a different.

They're the Sully Sullenberger of actresses.

Well, well, they're wonderful actresses, but they, they, they show us as does Sully that in a culture that constantly that is so you've obsessed where people are seen as losing their currency as they get older, Sully shows us just what it is to be a hero at any age.

So sometimes means experience and not, Hey, this guy's losing it.

Yeah, I think we often don't trust older people in certain positions.

And I think this is a wonderful example of what experience and wisdom and practice looks like.

Well, you'll forgive me if I don't take the word of the star of Jimmy Spools, can, but is Sully is a fraud.

Oh, I thought you said frog for a minute.

I was, I got very excited.

We were verging into teenage mutant into turtle territory.

You ever see those movies, by the way?

Yes, I have seen them.

No buses and those as far as I could tell, although a lot of times buses in the background because it does take place in New York City.

Yeah, the fifth turtle.

Do you think I'm sorry, I'm just curious.

Do you think you would be?

Yes.

New York City.

Do you think you would be as if you were to encounter one of those turtles, like I, I was a turtle or do you think you know, we're out tall or down at a turtle?

How tall are you?

How tall are the turtles?

I die or?

Well, I am the tallest person in the world at seven two.

And I think I would be looking down at that turtle.

I will say that the turtles, it's very difficult because they are, of course, people in costumes.

The costume would make them taller.

But if you start with an actor who is somewhat shorter in order to get them to be as tall as other human beings, their friend April O'Neill, for instance, then you were talking about an actor who is claims to be five nine, but is probably closer to five three.

And in the turtle costume may make him as tall as five seven, in which case, there you go.

You're regretting this becoming a teenage mutant into turtle podcast.

Me too.

And Scott, I don't know what your guest was trying to do.

Yeah, I don't know.

There was a lot of math involved in there.

There was a lot going on, but I am an actor who said I am five nine.

And I just want to state for the record.

I have been ever since you were 11 years old.

Yes.

So I believe it is male actors who claim to be five nine who are not in fact five nine.

Okay.

I'm talking.

Like Tom Hanks.

Sorry to bring him up claims to be five nine.

You know, very disappointing about Tom Hanks is that not only did he play my ridiculous brother in that movie, but I saw the another movie coming out called Greyhound.

I got very excited.

I thought finally he was going to be about you.

He was going to write the scales and no, it turns out it was about a boat.

I have issues with with that.

Couldn't they have called it something else?

They change history all the time.

Why did it?

They could have changed that term and that would have been fine.

He's constantly making these boat movies.

Captain Phillips, this cast away.

Do you know?

Do you really consider cast away a boat movie?

Well, the last 30 minutes of it certainly the last 30 minutes.

So they take place on a boat.

Well, a good portion of the last 30 minutes.

He builds that boat.

He goes off on the boat.

A boat picks him up.

I don't mean to be giving away cast away spoilers here.

I mean, certainly at the end, he goes and visits Helen Hunt and he, you know, says, hey, you know, I mean, it was cool.

But I'm not going to get back together with you even though you're still in love with me.

You have your own life and then he goes and he meets some hot girl like a fork in the road where he's like, I don't know.

Do I go this way?

Do I go that way?

And then there's this hot girl going, you need directions?

And he's like, Oh, no, baby, I'm right where I want to be.

And then he calls presumably calls her Wilson's, you know, or call me Wilson.

I don't know what his sex life is like.

I have no idea.

Well, like what happens when the credits roll?

But a lot of it on a boat.

Sorry, are you positing that the character and cast away based on his experience on the island when he is having sexual intercourse, he will ask his partner to call him Wilson.

One of the parties is needs to be called Wilson.

That's all I'm saying.

I don't know if it's him.

I don't know if it's her.

So then he and Wilson did not have a true friendship.

It was sort of an unrequited love.

It was like a sub dom kind of thing.

Well, look, we need to take a break if that's OK.

Charlie Berge, Sullenberger is here.

We also have June or Jane June, June, June, Diane Raphael is here.

When we come back, we're going to have an author and a clergy person.

This is exciting.

We'll be right back with more comedy bang, bang after this.

Comedy bang, bang, we are back.

We have June, June, June.

Fuck.

This is hard.

June, Jane, Jane, Jane, June, June, I am.

I'll take it.

Yeah, go ahead.

Take a little before me.

Yeah, please.

Hi, everyone.

And I am one of the founders of the Jane Club.

I was talking about the Connected Jane membership.

Theconstantjane.com.

People can go to it right now.

I'm glad that comes.

We also have Charlie.

Hi, everyone.

I'm Charlie Berge, Sullenberger.

You don't have to do that.

I am a bus pilot.

And I love traveling by bus.

By the way, I didn't ask you.

Have you ever been a hero and your bus?

It's not for me to say.

All sorts of things happen.

I've had a long career.

It's not for me to call myself.

I have never run over goose and I would never run over a goose.

I will say this.

I despise deer.

Deer are the enemy of mankind and they are out to thwart us in every turn.

Okay.

So you've never gotten a 10 pointer up there on the hood of your bus.

I never said that.

Okay.

All right.

Interesting.

Let me in on all these cannonball run with buses, races that have been have.

Oh, sorry.

Sorry.

Yeah, we're not talking about that.

But we do need to get to our next guest.

He is an author and a clergy person.

Please welcome to the show for the first time Bishop R.L.

Bakes.

Hey, hallelujah.

Let us all pray.

Oh, oh, okay.

Lord, you know we want.

Amen.

Wait, what was that prayer?

Lord, you know what we want?

Lord knows what we want.

Okay.

So that's quite an efficient way to pray.

Well, you know, Jesus Jesus says that you got to pray efficiently if you want things to get done.

And that's what we do.

Well, MC Hammer once said we have to pray just to make it today.

So if you take both of those statements combined, it's really a way to live.

MC Hammer famous famous religious stalwart.

He really is also did the theme song to Adams family to.

I'm sorry.

Did you say he was a religious Star Wars?

He was a religious.

That's a movie I'd like to see the religious stalwart to see.

We don't believe in Star Wars in the church.

What about the force?

The force now.

No, that's that's called the Holy Spirit and where we come from.

Okay.

Very nice to meet you, Bishop.

This is brother Scott.

Nice to meet you.

This is Jane June Jane and we have Berge here and right.

All right.

Who knows who that's the June Jane and brother Suggins burger.

Nice to meet you.

It's great to meet you.

So you're an author in addition to being a clergy person.

How long have you been either of those?

Which were you first?

Yes.

Were you both simultaneously or did you abdicate one of the jobs in order to become the other?

Now you see what they say in the church is that whatever you are, you're born there.

So when I came out of my momma's womb, I was a pastor.

I was destined to be a pastor and that is the first occupation that I had.

You never like bus tables at a restaurant or anything like that?

Oh, no, no, no.

I've never bus tables.

I've never worked at the container store.

I've never worked at McDonald's.

You ever been in that container store?

The man.

Oh, the container store.

Alpha is beautiful.

Yeah.

It's got everything you would ever want for when you're thinking of things to put something in.

Yes, yes, it does.

But I have never met that cars movie.

The cars.

Oh, who did you ever see that?

In the church, we don't believe in demonic talking cars.

No, no, no.

We only believe in demonic talking snakes.

That's right.

I wouldn't take my children to that for one of their first movies as far as I'm concerned.

I think that is a parenting misstep.

Amen.

Bishop, can I ask a question?

Yes, you can brother suck him book.

But please call me Berge.

Mm.

Do you think it's why?

How come angels don't ever.

Possess things.

Why is it only demons?

Do you do it all the time?

You see, angels are just pristine beings.

And the human body is filled with all types of disgusting things that we need to exude by coming over to the house of Christ.

And until you come over to the house of Christ, you will not catch the Holy Spirit.

So if I were to get an enema, could an angel possess me?

Oh, yes, he could.

Yes, he could.

It could possess you in 14 seconds after your enema is complete.

OK, interesting.

All right.

It takes 14 seconds for the possession to take place or 14 seconds for the enemy to be cast a holocaust.

Both 14 seconds for the enema to be complete and 14 seconds to cast a holocaust.

Wow.

Remember that Batman movie when the Joker?

What do you think of the Joker?

He's a demon, isn't he?

The Joker.

Now, now there have been many jokers.

I would talk in Jack Nicholson.

Where this particular one is Jack Nicholson, he says at a certain point, he says, this town needs an enema.

And then he never actually gives it one.

I never saw that movie, so I can't speak to it.

Why not?

Why haven't I never seen the Batman movie because bats are from the devil.

And we don't believe in watching bats and man together.

That's a good point.

What about that movie, Ghost?

Ghost.

Oh, I love missing ghost.

I love missing ghost.

But are ghosts of the devil or are they just pre-angels?

They're pre-angels.

Ghost are pre-angels.

But if you remember, they're our demonic ghosts.

Now I assume you have a scene.

Where would I remember them from?

Well, from the movie Ghost, because at the end, when the ghost dies, he turns into that black shadow on the corner of the territory here.

Oh, oh, I apologize.

You see in heaven, we don't believe spin spoilers.

Oh, yeah.

Oh, you talk.

Is that because everyone in heaven is seeing every movie?

So there's never any of these dull conversations you have of like, have you seen this?

Have you seen that?

Oh, you got to see this.

Absolutely.

Everybody in heaven has seen every movie.

We've seen Tenet.

Really?

Is it wonderful?

It is wonderful.

Wonderful.

Wonderful brother Scott.

Oh, man.

Bishop, can I ask you a question?

So does everybody see them in heaven?

Or is it just a arrive from their journey through the light or wherever?

And just sort of get all of that downloaded into their brains here?

Do they watch?

No, see, I'm not supposed to give secrets of Christ to unsaved people.

So first I have to ask you, do you accept Jesus Christ into your life?

And if that's what it's going to take?

Yes, of course.

Definitely.

All right.

Now, hit me with that intel, baby.

Now here's what happens when you pass on.

You see, you fly from earth all the way up to heaven and that's like a plane.

It's like a plane.

Absolutely.

And it takes 45 days.

And in those 45 days, you're passing by every movie in the sky that has ever been created and will be created.

Like projected on the clouds?

Yes.

See on earth, your KC was on the clouds when when you fly and pass on, you can see movies.

And if you're someone who refuses to get on a plane and refuses to fly, you're even to be in a building taller than any tree next to it.

Yeah.

You just can't go.

Well, then you're going to the place we like to call HE double hockey sticks.

Oh, no.

Berge.

You think about that?

I mean, you might be going to hell, my friend.

I would proudly serve in hell.

So you're going to serve in hell and not just be tortured?

I would rather serve in hell than rain in heaven.

You're going to be like Samuel L. Jackson in in Django?

Yes.

Haven't seen it.

So yes.

That's one of the ones you're going to see.

That's one of the ones you come.

That's the only movie you see when you go down below.

Oh, no.

Is Django is Django Unchained and and pop star?

I have a question, Bishop.

Pop star.

Yes.

Do you also see short films like the kind that the Academy Awards, but nobody ever sees?

Oh, no, no, no, we don't see those.

Those are purgatory movies only.

I see.

So feature films, if you're going to heaven.

Yes.

Django and pop star, if you're going to hell.

And if you're home, short films.

It's short films.

Yes.

But I like to talk about my book.

If that's okay.

Oh, yeah, I guess I'm sorry.

We got so off track here.

Oh, no, no.

At what point did you become an author?

I became an author about 14 days ago because as you know, COVID-19.

Yes.

COVID-19 is is ruining.

All types of situations.

Now, you know, my church is closed down.

My church is called on top of the mountain tabernacle and where's that located in you in USA.

Oh, you don't want to narrow it down?

I'm sorry.

Don't want to narrow it down.

I can tell you.

I can tell you it's located in Glendale, California.

Oh, okay.

This is short.

Not too far from here.

Yeah.

So.

Yeah.

A mere hour, 45 minutes from June.

Yeah.

That's a short drive to when you compare it to how long it takes to get to heaven.

Sure.

Right.

If you buy a ticket on a bus.

Of course.

Yeah.

I never asked you a Berge.

Are you one of the types of bus pilots who is like driving all around the city and picking people up every 10 minutes?

Or you the type who like goes across the country?

Or what do you do?

I'm a long haul bus pilot and so I do cross country trips.

I do state to state.

I'm not a city bus pilot.

Mm.

Now, I don't know if you remember this, Captain Suckenbugger, but you, you once drove my congregation into a, to a convention once and you were a wonderful man.

And I just want to say that I appreciate your expertise in piloting.

Well, Bishop, I appreciate that.

It's always nice to hear that I've done my job and done it correctly.

How many souls were on board that day?

Oh, I have a, I have a large church.

I have a large congregation of 14 people.

14?

14 people.

Hey, man.

Bless.

They hop.

Bless.

They souls.

Okay.

So you're, you're now you, you have this church on top of the mountain.

Is that what it is called?

Oh, on top of the mountain tabernacle.

I'm not sure that Glendale necessary.

I mean, there are mountains you can see from Glendale, but, but it's not necessarily on top of the map.

Maybe that's more of a metaphor for.

Yes, it's a metaphor.

We are actually on top of the grass at the Americana.

Oh, every Sunday at 10 a.m.

Oh, okay.

The Americana is a, is a mall, by the way, for, for people who are.

Well, Scott, it's so much more than that.

Outside of Los Angeles.

Oh, so much more than the mall.

I know that there are family ties to this place.

Yes.

It's a place of worship.

It's a place of worship too.

Yes.

There's a lot that it's a, it's a little village.

I have, I have a close family member who lives there.

There are also condos and, and some real estate.

Yeah.

And it's outdoor.

Yes.

Well, tell her to tell your family member to come on to the on top of the mountain tabernacle.

Because we need more members because tired and offerings have stopped.

True.

The offerings have stopped and I'm broke.

And that's why you wrote a book.

That is why I wrote a book.

You see, I'm behind on my BMW payments.

And I needed, I needed some extra money in my pocket and the law told me, why don't you write something that the, that the people need to hear about?

And what the people need to hear about?

You've heard, are you familiar with the Holy Bible, brother Scott?

Ah, look from Genesis to Revelations.

It's all there, baby.

All right.

Now, now, now see there are many versions of the Holy Bible.

But the one that most Americans know is the King James version.

Sure.

That has all the V's and Thighs and all that kind of stuff.

Still in there.

Is that the one that's manga?

The what?

Is that manga?

Maybe you pronounce it manga.

What is that?

That's, how would you describe it, Berge?

I'm not getting into trouble.

The manga is like an anime that doesn't move.

Oh, no, no, no.

This is an anime.

This is, this is what happened.

You know, before the USA was discovered.

That's what the Holy Bible is.

Oh, okay.

The perfect summation.

The Holy Bible is everything that happened before.

America was discovered.

Yes, it was.

Amen.

So, yes, we have heard of the Holy Bible.

What is your book?

What does your book have to do with that?

My book is an autobiography of King James.

Now, people don't know that King James, my book is an autobiography about the King James.

You're saying autobiography very distinctly and clearly.

Yes.

Autobiography of King James, the version of the Bible that you all know and love.

I have one big question.

Yeah.

Yes.

Bishop, are you King James?

No, no, no, no.

I'm not King James.

No.

I'm Bishop R.L. Bakes.

That is who the Lord has destined me to be until when I was born until I go up to heaven.

So, how does one write an autobiography?

I mean, one can go straight, much like Patrick Swayze presumably did in that movie.

Yes, yes, yes.

But maybe had nothing to do with writing.

Really?

Did he never wrote anything?

No.

A note to Demi Moore, hey, I'm going to be dead in an hour?

Yes, yes.

You wrote the word did on the green underpants.

That's right.

He did.

And it was in the green underpants.

Ooh, this movie is a secular movie that we will not talk about anymore.

We don't.

That was until I found out about the dinner.

You go to the bathroom.

I went to the bathroom at that moment.

If I hadn't go to the bathroom, I would have walked out of the movie theater.

All right.

So, we don't believe in that type of form of cadence and a type of secular action.

But I guess my question is how do you write an autobiography of King James?

I would think it would be a biography.

Oh, no.

Well, you know, that's what you think.

But when you are given a task by the Lord, you can call it whatever you want because he whispers into your ear the things that you need to know about the lives that you need to talk about.

Okay.

So it sort of is an autobiography because King James is talking to God who's talking to you.

So you're getting this second hand, third hand.

Yeah, that's a real thing.

Tell the phone.

Yeah, yes, yes, it is.

Telephone invented by Jesus Christ.

I'm sorry.

Huh?

I'm sorry.

Oh, I didn't say nothing.

Oh, sounds like the very first telephone conversation.

On a bus, you can use your telephone all you want.

You never asked to turn it off or put it in any special movie.

Well, you can't on planes now, too.

Brother Scott, get you.

You can't suck them, you can't make calls.

That's true.

I've gotten a few words in there every once in a while.

You're not supposed to, though.

You're not supposed to, but I do think that Scott's right that the way technology is moving these days that any minute will be able to talk on phones and planes.

And of course, if there's any minute, any minute, any minute, but right this second, you can make a phone call on a bus without fear of reprisal.

As of press time.

Just got a little heated there.

Okay.

All right.

Yes.

I'm feeling the heat.

I will admit that I will admit that I did get a little heated there.

Well, you know, I got a cure for that.

It's called prayer.

Oh, dear Lord, you know what I want.

Yes.

There you go.

See brother Scott.

Get brother Scott.

You owe your way.

You owe your if you want, we need a guest pastor at our church.

Oh, yeah.

Why not?

Just one quick question about the Americana because again, I'm a patron and I have a loved one who is a resident.

I know that a lot of the classes they have there, I see yoga classes and I see different companies come in.

Like the gym club.

No, well, it's Jane club, but but we're not at the Americana.

It's not quite right for our brand, I guess, but I'm just wondering.

It seems like the Americana that those classes are sanctioned and that the Americana puts up little fences and puts up nice signage about the goings on.

And I'm just curious, are you permitted to be there or is it?

No, you see when you're spreading when you're spreading the word of Jesus Christ, you don't need a permit.

You knock down the gates and when they come chasing you, you say devil thou art loosed and then stop some innate tracks.

The hard loose thou art loosed.

Okay.

These are magic words, I guess.

Yeah, it doesn't work.

It never works.

And then Christmas time at Christmas time, there's that huge village that's up.

Yes.

You wouldn't know this, Berge, because you're over a 30 rock.

Yes.

He's a 30 rock.

I heard about that.

You know, that's the only time they have a tree taller than the building.

That's right.

As soon as they bring the tree, as soon as the tree is installed, I spent all my time I book a hotel room in New York.

What do they chop it down?

All my time with 30 rock.

Yeah, a lot of pump and circuits.

I'm level with the star.

A lot of pump and circumstance about putting it up, but you never see like a big TV program devoted to them taking it down, you know?

Oh, yeah, that is that is correct.

You know, if I was in charge because people of Christ want you to see both the beginning and the end, I will show you that, brother Scott.

I will show you that.

Yeah, you have videos of videos of the tree.

The tree.

The rock of the tree.

Yes, I do.

Amen.

I got it.

I got it by, you know, one of my siblings got it on the way up to heaven.

It's a video and he made sure that I got street.

Oh, you do have siblings, by the way.

Oh, good.

Oh, we all have siblings.

We all have siblings, baby.

We all come from the rib of Adam and the and the lawns of Eve.

I got to ask Bishop RL Bakes.

So what is, what can you give us a little taste of the content of your book?

Yes, amen.

I will tell you the first, I'll read the first paragraph of it.

Oh, yeah, read the first paragraph.

K James was born on December 30th in Akron, Ohio.

He was born to a single mother, Gloria James.

Now soon after he was born about five, six years, he got a basketball in his hand and I had started dribbling a basketball and became the LeBron James.

Okay.

That's the first paragraph.

Yeah, that's the entire first paragraph.

Yes.

Three sentences.

Can I, I got to stop you.

I don't, I guess I don't think that or never knew that.

The King James, when it comes to the Bible, referred to LeBron James.

What are the King James?

Do you know Brother Scott?

Well, from what I could recall the King James in question was a king back during the Middle Ages who translated the Bible into Old English.

That's why there's all those beseech these vowels, begats.

No, no, no, no, no, no.

Those are terms that are used in black neighborhoods around the country.

What is a baguette?

Oh, a baguette.

It is, it is the cousin to the bidet.

Oh, really?

So you, you wash off pee in a bidet and poop in a baguette.

No, here we go.

You wash off, you wash off poo poo in the bidet and you wash off everything else in a baguette.

Everything else.

You wash away your sins.

Whatever else may come.

Yes.

You wash away your sins and your pain.

Blood, bile.

Absolutely.

So yeah, I just don't think necessarily your facts are correct.

LeBron James, I mean the King James Bible existed before LeBron James was ever born on that December 30th date.

Oh, no, no, no.

That's not true.

When you are a person in Christ, your spirit jumps from your spirit jumps throughout time.

You see what I'm saying?

So the same spirit.

I actually do not see what you're saying.

The same spirit that is in King LeBron James was the same spirit that is in King James.

You know, the person that you were talking about, Brother Scott.

Okay.

So we exist in all eras, not just the one where our consciousness is reside.

Absolutely.

That is the way of Christ.

Okay.

Interesting.

And that's what my book is about.

And I, by the way, I was intrigued, but I am curious if it's an autobiography.

It's, but it's not written in first person.

Yeah.

Oh, yes, it is.

The first, you know, I just was reading the preamble.

The second paragraph.

Oh, yeah.

Let's hear the second paragraph here.

The second paragraph is I believe everybody.

I believe everybody.

Yes.

Okay.

What, what is he for the first paragraph?

King James was born in Akron, Ohio, December 30th.

Yes.

His mother.

Yes.

And then he picked up a basketball, which, by the way, you've already covered a lot of his life and you've only done one paragraph.

When he was five years old, a basketball was put in his hands.

Can I be honest with you?

I believe everybody.

Can I be honest with you?

Yeah, please.

Please.

Enough of the artifice.

I'm struggling.

I'm struggling everybody.

Yeah.

I just needed some money.

All right.

My, my congregation ain't paying ties and often no more because they ain't getting the money because of COVID-19.

And I'm just trying to write something, you know, I'm trying to write something that people will want to buy.

Now you are exposing me for the offer that I am not, but I wouldn't forgive you if you will make a small contribution to the on top of the mountain tab in that good church.

How small.

Oh, you know, 59, 99 for the next three months.

Is there any insider code?

Oh, yes it is.

Yes, it is.

It is Bakes.com.

Bakes.com.

Okay.

There's no way.

There's no way to visualize Al Pacino doing anything with that.

Although in Frankie and Johnny, which June stars in, he was a line cook and he had a band Danna.

So you can imagine at one point someone said, Hey, do you mind making some baked Alaska for this customer?

And he probably baked something at that point or instead of frying this fish, would you mind baking it?

So maybe there is a waiter.

It's a fish that movie was set in a diner.

Was it not?

I think so.

So he's ordering baked Alaska.

Yeah, maybe brother brother Scott needs money too.

That's why he's making up stuff.

And everybody and he's he needs money too.

Bishop, I have a suggestion for you.

If you're looking for a sure fire way to make money that also includes being an author.

Please, your name is RL Bakes.

Yes, it is.

What if you released a series of scary Bible stories called goosebakes?

Oh, now, amen.

Now, you know, earlier when I said that you was going to H E double hockey sticks, I would like to rescind that omniscient that I put on you.

And I would.

And I would like to say that you are now on your way to heaven.

Amen.

Thank you for that tip.

I'm thrilled that you have the power to do that.

I do.

Berge, I want to take issue with one thing you said.

I don't think R L Stein wrote a series of novels called goose steins like the fact that his name, no, he didn't.

He didn't.

But goosebakes, it made me smile.

Yeah, it made me so that's why I suggest.

Well, I first of all, I love the support that we're all offering each other and the community.

And it's it's wonderful to share space with everyone.

I do have to say, as I think I don't know if I'm the only one on this call who has experience with the publishing industry, I am I have published a book.

Oh, yeah.

Weird, weird, flat, good.

Okay.

June bumps.

No, it's not.

It was it came out last September.

It's called represent the women's guide to running for office and changing the world.

But I and it's available on, you know, wherever books is not a biography, it's not.

But I wanted to offer this, you know, if you're in financial distress, so many people are right now and that's a real thing and that's nothing to be ashamed of.

The publishing industry is dying.

Mm.

And I wouldn't recommend that you invest any more time and energy into trying to make money that way.

June, is that just what your publisher told you when they got your book sales?

It is the way that it's it's it's it's very it's a very hard industry.

I'm very proud of published book, but I really, um, it's not what I heard.

That's not what I heard.

Yeah.

I heard you see God told me that the publishing industry is thriving and that, uh, you know, anybody who who releases anything in the publishing industry will make a lot of money and get a lot of sales.

Yeah.

Weird thing for God to say.

Yeah.

Let's say Mr. Bakes or Bishop Bakes, $180 for a book and a book that at this point is really two paragraphs.

Oh, that is is is one extra paragraph.

There's one.

Oh, there's an extra one.

Okay.

What extra?

Go ahead and sell this next paragraph.

Sell us on it and you see this this will be our final judgment.

In 2016 down by three games to one.

King James did something that nobody had ever done before in the history of man.

Back to third person.

Yes, the third paragraph is back to third person.

The first paragraph is in third person.

The second paragraph is in first person and the third paragraph is back in third person sometimes fourth.

So it's a one, three, two, one, fourth person.

Oh, fourth person.

He is he is that is who is he that bought his team.

I think that's he told me that this is sounding more like the Bible.

Get to the begats.

He that is who and he begat his team and won the championship against the Golden State Warriors.

Amen.

I hope you'd like the book.

Well, Bishop Bakes.

I I've just had I don't like the book.

Not to slam it, but we are running out of time.

So I'll give you one last chance to plug it in our next section and because we only have time for that one last final feature on the show and it is something called plugs.

Give me something to do.

Give me something to see.

Don't you plug your show, baby.

Won't you plug it?

Don't you give something to do.

Give me something to see.

Don't you plug your show, baby.

Give me something to see.

You plug your show, baby.

Look to me.

Nice.

Oh, that was a little.

Oops.

Sorry to cut them off.

I don't know what they said, but that was a nice lo-fi recording.

That was plug your show, baby.

Parentheses plug it to me and parentheses by Rob Lowe Picasso.

All right, guys.

What are we plugging?

Joon Joon.

It's June.

Uh, June day and day.

That's okay.

Yeah, no, just again.

It's hard.

You get it.

Well.

I've tried to, you know, I'm trying to meet you where you are, Scott, you know, and, and, but it is June and I am plugging the Jane Club and, and folks can head to janeclub.com and check out our Connect to Jane membership.

And remember Al Pacino, the insider.

Talking to who?

Jane Fonda and Fred.

And she's got all of her friends and family around her insider Jane F s is the code.

That's right.

For from Bakersfield to beyond anyone can use that and hop on to one of these incredible seminars and things that are happening all day over there at the the Jane Club also unspooled comes out.

The second season comes out soon.

I wouldn't know.

Is that right?

No, that's, yeah, that's not my podcast.

That's a, she's a wonderful host.

I mean, Nicholson, but that, that is not me.

That's something Paul does without me and I'm.

Weird thing is spending so much time with another woman, isn't it?

I know.

Would you be more comfortable if it was like me or like a guy's guy?

No, I think that, um, I think that men can have, uh, really rich relationships with women, heterosexual men can have really rich relationships and wonderful friendships and learn from you.

Is that what they have?

It seems to me like they just talk about old movies.

God, I don't know what you're trying to do, but, but Paul and I, yeah, I don't know what you're trying to do, but it's marriages are long and marriages go through a lot.

Okay.

And this time especially has been really trying for us.

So I don't really really, it's, listen, it's, it's a lot.

And that's all I, that's all I want to say about that.

So I don't appreciate, um, I don't know what you're trying to stir up.

Okay.

I'm certainly not trying to kick the hornets nest here that I'm school seems to represent for you.

Thank you.

So let's just leave the, let's leave it at that.

Let's leave it at that.

All right.

Very good.

Um, let's turn to Berge, Berge, Berge, as a Charlie Berge, Sullenberger.

What, uh, well, what do you want to plug here?

Well, I'd like to plug, uh, first of all, uh, cross country bus lines, uh, Greyhound, Trailways, Peter Pan, Redcoach, whatever you want to do.

Uh, there's a, there's a bunch of them out there.

Uh, you can get from, uh, one place to another on the ground.

Um, you can open windows too.

You can open, sometimes you can slightly open the window and of course you can make phone calls the whole time.

Do you have chargers on buses though?

Like they do on trains?

Yes.

And I'm assuming there's a whole, sort of their new standard operating procedures in a post COVID world.

Um, partitions?

Yes.

Uh, if you're, we, we, we were taking a step now to see weirdos next to each other.

Um, and normal people next to each other.

You would mind dropping off the face of the earth.

So if you're a normal person, uh, don't, you don't have to worry about a weirdo sitting next to you, you will be paired with another normal person.

We, we, like a psychological test that's administered.

Yeah, you just kind of know when they get on the bus, who's weird and who's not.

And, uh, we do who we do take the move, the, the safety step of putting the weirdos next to each other.

Uh, also I'd like to plug a, uh, a couple of podcasts that, uh, if you're on a cross country, uh, uh, bus trip, uh, what better thing to do than download a bunch of podcasts and binge them all.

Um, two podcasts, one called stay F homekins, which is a married couple in quarantine.

Uh, and they are, uh, catching up at the end of the week and, uh, having a drink and relaxing.

And it's like, uh, spending time with some, uh, with some friends.

That sounds nice.

It's very nice and it's available anywhere you get your podcast day F homekins.

And the second one is, uh, called the neighborhood listen, a very funny comedy podcast, um, where two people, uh, improvising character, they take, uh, actual posts from next door and places like that.

And they use them as a fodder for improv.

And that's available for free anywhere you get podcasts as well.

Fantastic.

All right.

Let's move over to bit.

Amen.

Yeah.

Amen.

You know what we want.

Uh, Bishop RL bakes.

What would you like to plug?

Well, first of all, uh, I know we, you guys kind of poo poo on my book, but I'm here to tell you that I've been listening to them.

Yes.

The book is good.

The book is worth it.

Uh, it is called an autobiography of King James, the guy who wrote the holy Bible.

Uh, you can get it for 59 99 and three installments or let me, three different payments of 59 99.

And if you want a percentage off $5 off by using the promo code, bakes.com, uh, in my nephew, you know, I don't, I don't listen or, you know, read anything else, but besides the holy Bible, but my nephew, I want to plug him.

His name is joccee Neil.

Hey, man.

Hey man.

Yeah.

And he is a host of coaches.

He's a human being.

Yes.

I'm plugging him as a human being.

He needs friends.

Uh, and, and listen to his podcast.

And I'm trying to get him to do a spiritual podcast, but he is not listening.

Oh really?

What's his podcast about?

What is culture Kings and what's it?

It's a, it's a, it's about nothing.

It's about just, you know, it's two black male comedians talking about whatever they want to talk about.

This is not comedians who are black mailing people.

We just want to be, just want to be clear by listening to this, you're not an accomplice to a felony.

Oh, no, no, no, no.

They are not felons.

They are, they are Christian men, uh, who, you know, who only talk about wholesome things.

But black male comedy is a separate genre.

Yes, it is.

All right.

Well, um, I want to plug, gosh, well, I guess the between two ferns movie that's still on Netflix and, um, the Michael Bolton special is on Netflix and, uh, hey, you know, if you want to listen to, uh, the real Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles podcast, you can, uh, go head over to Sean Diston's Patreon right now and you can, uh, check that out.

We're doing this.

Not, I'm sorry.

This wasn't the real to the official one.

The other one is the real one.

Mm.

Sorry.

Um, I feel like there was a miscommunication with my booking.

So I beg your pardon.

That's what you came on to talk about.

We spent very little time on it.

I didn't want to say anything.

It's your show.

All right.

Well, uh, let's close up the old plug bag.

You're showing me I have to listen to another one right now.

You start with a she when you want to close.

I almost successfully killed my friend with an L and then you.

Holy shit.

Oh, God.

No, don't open it up.

Close it forever.

Don't.

Then Ericio comes in and he just says.

No, no, no, no.

What?

Why is this part of it?

This is awful.

Shame on everyone in the world.

Oh, God.

Make it stop.

Can you make it stop?

Just push a button.

I'm looking right at you.

Push the button.

Brett, you know, push the button.

Push the button.

The snappest battle.

Push the button.

All right, guys, I want to thank you so much.

June, so good to see you.

Good luck with everything that we've talked about and even the stuff we didn't talk about.

Oh, well, thanks.

Things are recognizing the unsaid.

Sure, of course.

That's what this show excels at.

Berge.

Hey, my man.

It started off a little rocky, but you and I became bros by the end of it.

You have to admit.

I do admit that and it's good to have you as a bro, Scott.

And Bishop Banks, hey, I would call you a bro, but I don't know whether that's...

Oh, you can just call me Bishop.

Okay, I'll call you Bishop.

So from bro to Bishop, as well as Jane, from all of us to you, have a good time.

Yeah.

Bye.

We'll see you next time.

Thanks.

Bye.

You I'm going to go back to the next slide.
