---
layout: page
title: 669. Jack Quaid, Eugene Cordero, Tawny Newsome [https：⧸⧸cloudfront.wolfpub.io⧸CBB-669-20200810-QuaidCorderoNewsome-ACv03-PW.mp3].mp3.wav
category: cbb 
---

♪♪♪ How many roads must a man walk down before he becomes known as Mr. Assfault Walker of Roads?

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang. Thank you to Pat Chatham's, Pat Chatham's for that wonderful catchphrase submission and welcome to Comedy Bang Bang for another week. We are, I believe, or hump week of Augie Doggy? Is that possible? Amazing. Hump week of the month after hump month and of 2020, a year to remember, certainly, one that we will remember perhaps for the rest of our very, very short lives as everything's coming to an end.

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang for another week and a very exciting show. Coming up a little later, we have a few podcast guests. That's exciting, so they'll be coming up later. But before that, by the way, my name is Scott Ocorman. I don't know whether I made that clear at all at the top, but I certainly am, and welcome to another episode of this show. Before we get to those podcast guests, we have three. I don't know how to describe them other than podcast guests. They have, let's see, they have at least one thing in common. Well, they're human beings, so they have two things in common.

They live on Earth three. We'll see what else they have in common, but the one thing that they have in common that I was thinking about was the fact that they all star on a new television program, and in fact, a cartoon, an animated television program by the name of Star Trek Lower Decks, which premiered last week on CBS All Access.

Two episodes are up now. I watched not only these two, but another one, because I had even more access to that All Access. And I can attest to the fact that it is a very funny show. And it's our pleasure to have, let's see, two have not been on the show before and one has? Yes, one has for Space Force.

Yeah. Yes. One has been on the show before, two have not been on the show before, but please welcome to the show The Stars of Star Trek Lower Decks, Eugene Cordaro, Tani Newsom, and Jack Quaid.

Hello, guys. Yes. Yes. Oh, yes. I mean, Eugene hasn't been on the show before. He hasn't.

I was also surprised. There have been people on the show that Eugene would probably like.

People like jazz jazz, the barber. Yeah. I like that guy.

Sure. But Eugene has never been on this show before. It's great to see you. Oh, it's great to be here. What a tie. Great to be where, because where are you? I hear here. Quite tell where you are. Here. We're all here.

We are on Earth. Can we can we establish what we have in common, by the way, aside from those three facts? We're all on Earth. I'm on Earth. I'm also on Earth. I can I can confirm. Great. So three out of the four of us as of now confirmed.

Look, I'm not part of this. Okay. I don't like to disclose my location. I don't like these traps.

Eugene looks to be in the stockroom of a Little Caesar's Pizza. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, there's a good chance it's a Little Caesar's Pizza. There's a Little Caesar's. It's actually a Little Caesar's. It's actually a Little Caesar's. It's a cat. It's a place. Yeah. You do it. You're in front of a whiteboard. It seems to have like marketing ideas on it. Yeah. I'm trying to change my game. I wasn't sure what was going to happen during this quarantine. So I was like, maybe I'll go into business as a manager. You just became a manager of some kind of place. Yeah.

Tony, of course, you're at home. You we just had you on for Space Force, did we not?

We did. I was surprised you wanted me to come back. Why is that now? Because of the quality of Space Force or because of because of the quality of that episode. I think I wasn't my best and you were just your best, you think? I thought you were fantastic. I had some. You're always a dynamite guest. You you bring a sense of whimsy and yet there's a palpable just edge to your voice where everyone just listens to the end to yeah to wonder what exactly is going to happen.

Yeah. Yeah. There's just there's always an undercurrent of just a tense white hot rage with everything that I do. Yeah. What is that about? I don't know. It's more fun.

More fun to be mad. But Space Force, of course, I really enjoyed Space Force. I told you that, Tony, and I hope people check that out. You were great in that and I really enjoyed that.

And but we're not talking about that. We're talking about a new show. Tony, you it started out you used to have zero shows. Uh huh.

Approximately nice. Nice. And approximately from from zero years old till when? Um, did you have zero shows? Probably like at least at least from most for two thirds of my life, I probably had zero shows. Right. And then suddenly you had one show. Is that right? Yeah. And then suddenly I had one show was famously called bajillion dollar properties. You had something to do with it somehow. Something to do with it. Yeah.

You would show up sometimes and order people around. I don't really know why. But um, and puke from the shrimp. Yeah. On the very first Friday of shooting. Oh no catering shrimp. Uh, that was a good set of tone for the and yet the very next Friday, Ryan sat down next to me. We looked at each other's plates. There was shrimp on both of our plates. We did not learn Friday.

So like next to the bagels, there was just a plate of shrimp. It's just out. It was it was, I guess in the catered meal is where the cash came into play.

Jack, I know that you, uh, you have two shows as well, but you, but you haven't had shows for very long and you know, no, no, no. And so maybe you don't know the ins and outs of catering and food on set. You know, I, I think I'm behind on specifically shrimp, uh, because with, with what I've been specifically for our cartoon, almost no shrimp. Well, let's talk about it. This show is, uh, called Star Trek upper decker. Is that what? Is that what this is? So earth stay in place. Uh huh. We go, we go, we go spaceship, spaceship move around. We bottom spaceship. Star Trek lower decks. Now this is, uh, it's a cartoon that is out on CBS all access and I saw the first three episodes again, uh, to reiterate. And it's sort of is, uh, sort of, I have medium access because I only got to see three, I believe. Um, but I, I, it's, uh, uh, I believe executive producing written by, uh, uh, Rick and Morty, uh, producer. And so it is sort of like Star Trek meets Rick and Morty in a lot of ways. Um, and it's very, very funny show. And, uh, uh, is it based on, I was reading, uh, uh, next generation episode from back in the day is well, at least the concept certainly. Yeah.

The name comes from an episode from the seventh season of the next generation called lower decks.

And it's about, uh, the lower end since as opposed to focusing the story on the bridge crew, which the most, the rest of the next generation focuses on.

But Scott, I need to know if you're a Star Trek fan because we have to know how to have this conversation because sometimes we do shows where we're talking to people who are like deep, deep in it and we can talk about like the Dominion war and wolf 359 and whatnot. But I don't know where your level of reference, you know, I, I don't, I don't know any of that stuff. I, you know, quite honestly, I'd prefer if we talk about the teenage mutant ninja turtles cause I'm learning a lot about those.

I'll tell you right now. Do you have anything? What do you got? Yeah. Well, Raphael, he's a real asshole. He's rude. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.

He's the mean one. He's the one that he's getting. You know, he's, he's not going to follow the rules.

He's like, yeah, he's definitely more of a team than the rest of the team. Right. Jack, what do you think about the teenage mutant ninja turtles? Yeah. This is primarily a teenage mutant ninja turtle podcast. I don't know. Right. Yeah. Yes. No, I'm a longtime fan of the show.

I would say I have overall positive feelings about them. I am not well versed. I think Raphael was an asshole. I agree. I'm let's, so we can, we can see if you know more than me.

Okay. They are, they're teenage. They're, you know, I would say, right in there, they're in between the age of 13 and 19. Yeah. Yeah. You think they're mid teens? I had no idea. I mean, huh. Now, am I getting more of a 19 year old vibe from them?

Or am I getting more of like a 13 year old vibe from them? I don't know. It's just a question you ask often. Hopefully not. But, but I think they like pizza. I think pizza is kind of a universal thing. Yeah.

Teenage thing. You lit up when you heard pizza. Are you really in a little Caesar's right now?

I'll tell you right now. I'm a little, I'm in a little Caesar's. You are.

Your eyes just, and I am a little Caesar's. Oh, you are.

Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I'm a big fan of the rapper Little Caesar's. What is the, what is it? Why, why Caesar as a mascot for pizza?

Because okay, when you, when you order Little Caesar's famously, you get two pizzas and the catchphrase is pizza pizza. Two pizzas pizza. Two pizzas for the, for the price of one. Sure.

But why, why Caesar? Why the Roman Emperor Caesar? He's Italian is the only thing I can think of. Yeah. I was going to say, can you think of a more benevolent ruler?

Just a more gracious, benevolent giving ruler. The type of, the type of a dictator who would give you a second pizza with your aforementioned pizza. Did he not kill Jesus? Isn't he somewhat responsible, if not directly responsible for killing our savior? I mean, that's what it says, that's what it says on the inside of every pizza you get.

Right. It's sort of the opposite of in and out. Right. Yeah. I killed Jesus. Just as remember, I killed Jesus. Pizza pizza. Yeah, that's the full phrase. No, Scott, I think you're right.

And I think I want to cancel little Caesar's and I'm going to open my own franchise and just call it chunky Mussolini's.

How many pizzas do you get with that? Three pizza, pizza, pizza, chunky Mussolini's.

You get three pizzas. It's real thick pizzas. Wow. Well, to answer your question, Toni, I don't know that much about the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles. I'm learning on my sister podcast. We've got to stop talking TMNT on CBB, which you can get on Sean Distance Patreon, of course.

But I don't know that much about it if that's going to affect our interview.

Okay. I don't know anything about the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles. I did not bring them up.

You did? What? So I don't know why you expect, I don't know why you're apologizing for not knowing anything about something that you brought up. What are we talking about? We were talking about Star Trek. That's, oh, yeah. Star Trek. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.

Yeah. Yeah.

Star Trek. Yeah. I don't know why you seem really distracted today, Scott. And it's kind of friendly.

Talk about that white hot rage bubbling up. I'm thinking about how rude Raphael is.

I am glad that we got that out though. I am glad that we did acknowledge that Raphael is an asshole. Yeah. I mean, I just feel like he's got to be a little bit older. I feel like Michelangelo's maybe around the 13. I've never even considered this is earth shattering to me because I always thought that they were the same age. No way.

These guys have different ages. They have to be their teenagers, right?

So whichever one makes all those wise cracks, he's a little immature. He's got to be like more in the 13, 14. Got to be. Do you think Raphael with his New York toad is more in the 19 range?

Yeah. I think he's he's almost 20. Interesting. Interesting.

Well, look, you're raising a lot of questions all about your show Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles Lower Decks, which people can get now on CBS All Access. And tell us a little bit more about how the turtles come into play out there in space. Yeah. So so far, I just have to stress there are no turtles in the in our show in season one, not yet. Strange, isn't it? No, look, I mean, Eugene, you want to take this?

You just play his Rutherford. He's a reef cyborg. So he knows everything, but he's not good at it.

I'm not that great at it. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Not the greatest at it, but I try.

I'm excited that I'm new and I'm excited that I know what I know.

I'm excited that I'm new. Yeah. Okay. And then Jack plays Boimler. He's a sweetie. He follows the rules and like he and my character are our best friends. We end up forming a bond. Yeah.

Jack, you excited to play a sweetie? I love playing a sweetie.

I think it's just so different from just the boiling, just hate filled rage that I'm usually spouting out. So it's just it's a change of pace for me. You we came to know you famously on the show, The Boys, season two of which comes out in a couple of weeks on Amazon Prime. Yeah. I really enjoyed the first season. And that might not have turtles either. Now that I think about it. Why? See, this is my question. There's so many different superheroes in the boys. You would think that one of them would be a mutated teenage ninja turtle. You would think, but we're trying to play with audience expectations a little bit. You know, we're like, we're pulling Orion Johnson. We're just we're subverting everything. You know, what about a battle toad? We might have a few battle toads. I can't like Eugene said, I shouldn't spoil everything, but we might, you know, might get a little bit of a chance that the deep hangs out with one of these. Oh, you know, the deep has to have talked to one of these amphibians. I think we're saving up for a spinoff series. It's more so a talk show. It's just Chase Crawford talking to fish. So Jack, any spoilers for the boy season two? Obviously, we know our buddy Langston Kerman, who's in it playing some sort of archer from the Arrowverse who's your universe.

Yes. Yes. He does an amazing job.

spoilers, but he does an amazing job. I'm sorry. Please don't spoil things. He's like how actors do in their parts. He's so good, but I know that ruins the show for people.

Yeah, I can say I think I could say a few things. Everyone dies. Good. Good. And then there's just not a show after that. It's just one episode. And that's it.

So you'll only have one show.

Yeah. Yeah. You know, in a little bit here, I'm just going to have one show and I'm back to one.

Eugene, how many shows do you have? I've got one show that I know of too.

Which one? I think I don't know. I got to maybe on other shows.

Mandalorian. That's one. You were spoilers. You were right on that. But no, you're not.

But yeah. Okay. But that one. Regular Mandalorian. Just to come after you and this.

Oh, wait. So you have to go to the free show. Yeah. You have to. Well, you have at least your regular on two shows. We have three two show Johnny's on the show.

Whoa. So many Johnny's. Two show Johnny's. Hey. Two show Johnny's. Meanwhile, a guy like me.

I had one show and barely that. And that was nothing.

This is a show. You have this show. Yeah. I guess I have this as a show. Yeah.

And you have your turtle show. You're a two show Johnny.

Yeah. Well, I mean, I don't know. You're a two show Johnny. Come on. You're a two show.

I have my time on show as well.

No, we're just counting two show Johnny's. We're not going to show.

Okay. So the boys, everyone should check it out. That's what you guys are here to promote.

Right. The boys. All three of us are here to promote that.

We're all in it. You're very tough and I carry a knife. Yep. Yeah. I interact. Most of the way. Shut the fuck up. The boys.

And boimer. Boimler. Why can you say his name? Boys and boimler.

What is it with you?

And these three letters. Bo why? I've been typecast and it happened this year and I'm so mad.

Because is there a connection when you because you were on that show vinyl too?

And my name was boy boy McBoy. Oh, right. You're Irish boy.

Yeah. Yeah.

Ah boy boy. I was a I was an Irish ARF that came and moved into the big city. And I think all I said was the word boy. Were you that one that Martin Scorsese directed? I was actually that was what was that like? Because having worked with him on Sharktail, I can attest to the fact that he's a talented guy. Oh, he's he's like one of the best. I think no spoilers, but he was very talented. He was super talented. Well, this is wonderful.

Star Trek Upper Decker is currently out on CBS All Access.

And it's a very funny show. I really enjoy the first three episodes that I saw. And if you like things like Star Trek and decks, you certainly will enjoy this show. We need to take a break.

But when we come back, we will have some podcast guests. That's really exciting. So we're going to come right back. We'll have more Eugene Cordaro, more Tony Newsom, more Jack Wade right after this.

Comedy Bang Bang. We are back. We have the stars. Although that's really funny because this is set in the stars. They are the stars. This is so funny. Oh my god. A guy. Let me start over. Let me start over. Okay. Okay. Space the final frontier. Oh wait. No, I fucked it up as the stars. Okay.

Say the whole thing. Five year mission to just I can't remember any of this. These are the voyages.

These are the voyages. But we have the cast of Star Trek Lower Decks, which is an animated show on CBS All Access. We have Eugene, Jack and Tawny are here and Eugene, I know you got to go. So it's been nice seeing you. Hey, it's a pleasure to be a guest. Yeah, you got those pizzas to sling, right? Yeah, yeah, I got work to do. I can tell by the shift calendar behind you.

It's my shift. It's my shift. Yeah. I got to get back there.

All right. Well, we'll see you.

But hot pizzas. Hot pizzas, of course. Yeah. Boy, has anyone started a business that serves cold pizzas? I think that's an untapped market for sure.

Papa Murphy's. This is the Chicago thing, Tawny, because I'm tired of you talking about Chicago. I think it's a California thing.

I know it comes from Chicago. They always just they talk about Chicago things endlessly.

Because you guys ignore us. You act like we don't exist. We're a great, vibrant city with a bustling comedy community and a hustler spirit. As an LA native, I can say growing up, people were like, if anyone from Chicago comes up to you, just ignore them. They don't. It's just not just just a way to share you. This is why we get loud about it.

This is why these people need to respect our hustle and our bustle. You're really obsessed with hustle and bustle these days.

What, man? Why are you? Why are you antagonizing me today, Scott? Is what I want to know? I thought we were friends. I don't understand. I don't understand the question. All right. But we do need to last time I was on the show. We do need to get to our next guest. Shut up. We do need to get to our next guest. He is a oh, God. I think we mentioned him at the top of the show. He's a barber.

And he hasn't been on in a while. It's my pleasure to welcome back jazz jazz. Hello, jazz jazz. You were talking about me today. I know you were jazz jazz.

It's a good. Oh, yeah. Okay. Yeah. I know it's been a hot minute, but I'm, you know, now I'm back.

I stuck up my business in Queens, but I moved over to Woodside, Queens, a little Manila now.

I moved this, the shop. Can you describe your shop for us?

Because it's, it's, it's, as you say, it's been a minute. It's a barber. It's been a, it's been a fuse minute. It's been a fused minute. It's like all these minutes fused together. And here it is. Time. You know what I mean? Yeah.

Anyways, oh, anyways, so then, um, do you just say anyways after someone says something you don't understand? Anyways, oh, so then you added a giggle. Yeah.

It's just great. I just, I'm happy to be in Woodside Queens. Oh, it's called Fades and Braids. Oh, it's called, it was called Fades and Braids. Now it's just called Fades because I don't do braids anymore. So it's actually called the braids. I just stopped. I only did a French braid. So it should have just been Fades and Braid.

Hey girl. Hey, what's up? This is Tony, by the way, jazz jazz. Yeah. This is Tony, by the way, has, uh, oh, great. I can look at those. Yeah.

I mean, I'm not going to be able to do anything with them other than look at them. But you know, like the fact that the two of you guys and there is another, um, one that was in here before with you guys when this talk about the show.

And what I need still for my shop is, um, I need people to tell people whisper in their ears, um, movies and TV shows as they're getting their haircuts.

Exactly. What was this again? Oh, reminding me. Um, so, you know, I got a barbershop, me and my two cousins there, they're my cousins and, uh, and in a barbershop, we want people to be entertained, but we don't want them to be watching anything because that's like too much. So we just want famous people to tell them plots to movies, uh, whispered into their ears so that they don't get too shocked. You know, if you get, if you're too rambunctious, then they're going to move out a lot. So then I'm going to mess up their fade. Okay. I think I'm understanding exactly what you're talking about. So, a lot of barbershops have TVs on magazines, TVs, songs that they're playing from, you know, occasionally, you'll read something in a magazine and it will shock you.

It will be surprising to you and you, and, and, and there'll be a little jolt of surprise. I mean, we took care of the problem of like, we, for a while, we had pop-up books. Okay. And those caused that problem and we're like, let's get rid of them. Cause those are surprising people.

Too scary. Uh, yeah. Uh, Jackson's, uh, boxes, you know, those scared. So you used to just have pop-up books and toys and your barbershop. Yeah, for grown men. So then, um, we would have those things and then we realized that that'd make people shake too much. So then we were like, Oh, let's have TV shows, but then people will watch these movies and TV shows and be shocked by it or want to see what happens or they want to hang out for two and a half hours to watch all of, you know, a movie.

That was a problem. You couldn't get people out of the chair because they were, didn't want to leave. They were invested. The movies are getting longer and longer. I mean, I can only imagine if you put on Avengers endgame up there or something, it's just like, I mean, it's almost like never endgame. Anyway, thank you.

Yeah. Anyways, why are you high-fiving yourself? Yeah. Anyways, so, um, so that, and then we got our shop for a while and then people were doing that. And, um, you know, so now we listen to it.

And listen to it. When you say doing that, you mean famous people were famous people were coming in and just whispering stories. I mean, there was a while where we had comedians do it, but people were still moving their shoulders too much. So I couldn't get the bottom of the fade done because I'm still doing mouths on the back of their heads. But now I don't do them. I can't do miles anymore because of, um, um, COVID. Yeah, Toronto.

What you're going to call it? Children.

Toronto virus. Toronto. Toronto.

This Toronto, the Toronto virus is like, um, making it hard because now people just want a regular fade because they're like, oh, put a mask there.

And I'm like, that's boring.

Because that's just like regular hair. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So I've been moving towards eyes.

I've been doing different eyes now. When you say moving towards eyes, meaning like you're doing noses now? Yeah, I'm doing nostrils. Oh, cool. But even then I have to stop now, I don't do it doing the bridge of the nose because you can't see the nostrils if you're wearing your mask correctly and chovie. Yeah. Now I understand that you have people whispering the entertainment.

Yeah. People calm so they don't jolt. But are you also controlling what the content is? Because like, you know, if I'm whispering to somebody, I don't know, a hilarious film like Meet the Clumps.

Oh, yeah. Yeah. So far you should be in the shop. Those are two movies that people want to hear about.

I actually have a question just to follow up on that. You said you have famous people whispering the stories. Yeah, Jack. Is there a, is there like a person that was in the shop whispering a story that you were particularly star struck by or? Yeah. I mean, we, you know, we have guys like Lou Ferrigno, Louise. Wow. Wow. Yeah.

Yeah. Lou Ferrigno, Louise Guzman, Lou Diamond Phillips. Sure. All the great. All the great loose. That's incredible.

Lou Ferrigno is, of course, famously hearing impaired. Was he, was he ever raising his voice above a whisper because he didn't quite know or any time that he was raising his voice above a whisper, we just moved him a little further away from the, um, how far did he end up getting? Like 12 feet. So, you know, double the, the place that you're supposed to be for chovie.

Anyways, what you would do is your catchphrase. You would snuck it in. You would just skip over the plot points that will make people jump. Okay. So you skip the funniest part. Yeah.

What are the funniest parts of the clumps? I remember seeing this. I'm trying to remember any funny parts. I mean, I think you just can't get into when they're all together.

Yeah. When they're together, it's a laugh. We can't even get into like a funny situation, though, because I feel like plot is, for comedies is like setting up stuff that you pay off later.

Do you just not acknowledge any kind of payoff or you just do the pay offs? Oh, just the pay offs.

Just the pay offs. Okay. So they don't make sense. Yeah. So like, if you just do punchlines of jokes, no one will laugh. Yeah. But, but, but all of the people that come into the shop appreciate the fact that you still whisper into them. And some of these punchlines that people that people like.

Yeah. There's a one, well, because I'm doing the haircut, but I remember some of the funniest ones that, um, Luis Guzman would say is just like pretzels. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Go pretzel. But then I'm like, but then he'll go back to the joke and, you know, take me a minute to realize, you know, why what was the actual setup joke was like, was like, uh, like, why did gymnast, what did gymnast eat at the zoo or something? I mean, it's funny now that I think about it and it's so close, but he leaves big, you know, now it's funny. Uh, I can't listen. I can't even think about that joke if I'm getting my hair cut. No. What did you hear it though? What a gymnast eat at the zoo?

Brains. I think we got there. I think we got there. It's like one of the best I've ever heard.

Anyways, yeah, there it is again. Yeah. You seem so tickled right now. You seem like you can't ever stop laughing. I want to know how do you cut it, but it's hair. Oh, well, I just, I make sure that I'm not the one that is listening or I have headphones in.

Oh, you did. What are you listening to? Um, I'm listening to episodes of, um, friends. Okay. And who is recounting those? Not Lou Ferrigno.

No, I'm just listening to the actual episodes. Oh, okay. I'm peacock. Oh, cool. It's weird peacock plug. Do you have steak and peacock? I want to have steak.

We have a sign that says, can you get a steak on peacock? I do want to steak on peacock. Is it like Uber Eats? I think you can nowadays, because it's a streaming platform. This is what my cousin told me who's also one of the barbers at the shop fades. Um, we don't do braids anymore. Is that the shop's name? You come with me.

Yeah. You come with me. You come with me. We don't do braids anymore. Fades. No, it's, it's for a while we call it fades and braided like put the ED on there as though it had past tense.

But, um, but we don't because you braided one French braid.

Yeah, I did it once and I was just like, no, it was important to clarify. Yeah. And that sign was expensive. So it wasn't that.

It was more expensive to take it down than they had an ED to it. Right. Yeah. Yeah. Wonderful.

Peacock streaming now alongside French Star Trek, lower decks. Um, yes, Tony Scott, I do have to leave. I'm sorry to do this problem. Yeah. Eugene left too.

It'll just be me and Jack going out.

You guys can edit this out of Tony. Are you coming to the shop? We're in, we're in, um, Little Manila, Woodside Queens. Now we moved up to 64th. I don't think the location is the issue for Tony, but the fact that she has braids and you don't actually do them. Oh, but for her to just whisper like, Oh, you want me to work on you to work there and do the clubs? Yeah. I think we just have to have a really clear understanding of what is and is not an exciting film. Well, he wants you to do the clumps. So you want me to do the club? I want you to do the club. Noting professor seems impossible, but the clumps seem like they've kind of found them. They're funny. Noting professor, it's hit to miss ratio. Yeah. It's too high. Yeah, the clumps they found their footing and they know exactly what does it work and they put it in the movie.

Yeah. That's true. Okay. Well, I'll go, I'll go take a look at that script and then I'll get back. Thank you. All right, Tony. We'll see you next time. Anyway, all right. I got to ask you, jazz jazz. Who's your best friend?

I mean, I've got a few, but I mean, I would say I'm my own best friend. Sometimes I mean, when the lights go off at night, you know what I mean? Yeah, I'm definitely when I close my eyes at night, the only person that I can see is my eyelids. Eyelids are like the sleep mask of the body. Yeah. Yeah. And they also, they also like they also are the they make it night instantly.

I'll be honest. Eyelids can also make things become dusk or dawn. Thank you for your candor.

You use close your eyes real slow. You go dusk. You open them real slow. You go dawn.

You heard of that before Jackson? Is Jackson me? I'm Jackson, right? Yeah. Okay, great. I think he thinks your name is Jackson. Yeah, no, that's that's fine.

Jackson Jackson, the quake.

Yeah, that's my full name. Yeah, no, I've heard of that before. Yeah, if you want to just like, you're like, Oh man, I could really go for some dusk right now. You're like, okay, slow.

Have you seen that movie dusk to dawn? Yeah. Yeah. Is that the one with the vampires?

Can you describe it? Can you describe it to some people in a whisper? Let's let's hear you audition.

Okay, sure. Hey, it's too loud. Yeah, quite dumb. Hey, so I know you're getting your haircut right now, but I just want to say really quick about George Clooney and Quentin Tarantino or their Robin Banks and too exciting. Oh, exciting. Oh, they're on the road with a family and they go into the pleasant. Yeah, then they go. Okay, really quick. I don't know if this is the best movie because something very jarring happens in the middle of it. Take it out. Take it out.

Take it out. Yeah. Yeah. So far, you're good. Yeah. So far.

You're good. Yeah.

Yeah. Nobody's with the family. That sounds cool. Nobody's moving. They're just all in a room.

Very still. Cool. Then they go to a bar where they drink water and there are no vampires there. Wait a minute. Wait a minute. Oh, but I like the fact that you bring up that there are none. So then there's a chance if there is one that there will be none later.

Right. Yeah. Yeah, I know. That's the thing. So I'm just, I think what I was going for there was prepping for the bar B's that would you would call somebody getting their haircut? There's the barber and the bar B. Yeah, yeah. That's what we call the parbeas named after. Yeah. Yeah. We've called them all bar B's. They cover haircut. Right. We call them bar B's. Yeah. Yeah. And then after they're done, we're like, put another shrimp by that bitch. Yeah. Yeah. That's the phrase.

Is it Friday? Every Friday we do it there to. Anyways, yeah.

I was basically just trying to say to the audience, like there's no danger of vampires being in the story. Yeah. That's your pretzels. That's your pretzels. That's my pretzels. That's Oh, shit. Oh my God. Oh, shit.

Worked. Fucking work. What's happening? Oh, shit. Oh, shit.

I'm in. Fuck you guys. That's right.

Fuck you guys. I crashed your zoom. Fuck you. Whoa, whoa, whoa. I have a stupid meeting.

You having some fucking work meeting someone we don't know has just logged on to the zoom.

How did you get the password here? Who are you? Because I'm a supreme hacker.

Read them and we behold my, um, behold my frightening, uh, countenance.

Oh man, that's hacker speaker. I've ever heard it. It's so, it's so tight. I did it. I did it.

Who are you going to be so fucking proud of me? Announce your name, madam.

Don't, don't fucking concern yourself with who I am. The, what you need to know is how secure your system is because I'm inside it. I'm inside it.

Scott Ochreman. I have passwords. I have everything. I know your location. I know your wants and dreams. I know all your accounts. I got it all. Oh my God. This is so fucking tight.

I'm in. Are you a fan of the show or something? How did you even think to come on? What show nerd shut up? What are you even doing?

What are you guys like a thousand years old? I'm not a fan of any show. I don't want you to put us together maybe and we're a thousand. I'm 400 years old.

How old are you guys? What are you a wizard? What do you don't try to outsmart me? All right. I'm the one who broke into your zoom.

I'm the supreme hacker. I'm the guy. I crashed in. Okay.

You guys should fear me. Why aren't you protecting your passwords right now? Why aren't you like worrying about? Look, nobody's trying to question your ability as a hacker. You clearly have to be very skilled to access the zoom room.

I think what I want to know is was that the goal just to get in here? Are you trying to like rob us? Was that the goal? What's the goal of all of this?

How capitalism kills? We should only buy, sell and eat trash. Okay. Okay. So just one of those anonymous style hackers. Take off your mask.

I'm not anonymous. I'm wearing a mask because it's COVID out here and I'm in public.

You're wearing a protective Guy Fox mask? Yeah. It's Guy Fox with a face mask on.

That's actually super safe. That's like double the protection. Exactly. Good for you.

Don't tell me I'm safe. I'm dangerous. I'm just your worst.

How old are you? I'm the worst fucking thing that's ever happened. You seem like a young girl. Oh, shut up boomer girl.

I'm checking boomer. Jack, play your game guessing if she's 19 or 13. Oh man. I'm so bad at this.

19. How old are you, ma'am? Fuck you. Fuck you. I'm 17.

Okay. Don't call me 19. Don't try to age me up. This business is hard on women. We don't want to be able to be our hacker business. The business of hacking, the business of infiltration and leaking information to the masses to make people more safe. Why do this on comedy? Bang, bang though.

What's the comedy? Bang, bang. Aren't you guys like an insurance? You look like you're having a video coming up. You look like you're having a video conference meeting for regional sales managers or some shit. I mean, I am doing that later, but you know, so what kind of was this securities firm? Is this like a hedge fund management? What do you guys do? How are you contributing to the downfall of society? You were trying to get important people. I'm sorry. No, I'm just I wouldn't even call myself a podcast host necessarily, but I sort of fell backwards into it and Jack quaid here. He's a Jackson.

Jackson decayed. Yeah, Jackson decayed. He's an actor of note in jazz jazz is a I'm a barber and 64th and Woodside. Yeah, that's so I hacked into all your accounts for literally nothing.

Yeah. There's nothing. God, this is so stupid. My cousin's gonna be so mad. So wait, you have a cousin who's also a hacker? Yeah, I mean, God, I tried to learn everything from him. I tried to learn everything from him. And he was like, you'll never be able to do it. And I was like, yes, I will. He was like, you'll never come up with a cool name. And I was like, yes, I will.

My name's cast iron. Because when I get too heated, I'll burn you. And if I am not properly cared for, I could crack cast iron. I think that's really cool. Yeah. Well, that's your name, by the way, you said you didn't want to give it to us, but we just found out your name is cast iron.

Oh, God, I'm not doing this right. All my cousins gonna keep my ass the next time I see your cousins name, Jeff. That's pretty cool. I shouldn't have given you that name either.

It's not Jeff Lynn from the traveling Wilburys, is it? No, who's that?

God, you're so old. Why is everybody's reference is so old?

I feel like I live on another planet.

Well, it's very younger. Jeff, I don't think there is.

There's not one. Oh, God, my cousin's gonna stuff me in the back of his Jeep Wrangler and leave me there for a week. Wow, that's very harsh.

Yeah, how do you even stuff somebody back there? Because it's open.

No, it's hard side. He keeps the sides on. He's a badass.

He got a hard top.

You got a hard top. That's a hard core. How else is he supposed to stuff people in there?

Jasjes, this sounds like the one thing you know something about. Man, I know for sure that they're real hard as this is when you got a hard top out of Jeep. Okay, you want to be the best hacker in the world, but is that something you really want?

Or are you just doing this because your cousin might stuff you in the back of a welded shut Jeep Wrangler? What do you think you're what are you trying to you think you're like a hacker for my emotions or some shit? You're trying to get fucking getting my head? No, no, I'm just saying like you don't have to do this. You know, you're you seem like a. Kaitress sort of is a mental health hacker. Yeah, I guess you really think about it better help calm. One of our super sponsors.

I don't like this. I don't like a bunch of fucking old grown ass men. How old do you think we are head? I don't know 60 125. It all is the same. Who cares? Yeah, I guess you're right. Are you guys 25? Probably put together. Yeah.

One, two, anyways. Yeah. 25. I know what I want. Okay, I want to be the best hacker. I want my cousin to be proud of me and like you're not gonna fucking get inside my head. Like I got inside your computer. How did you start doing this? I don't know.

I was um, my cousin was doing it and I was like, Hey, teach me how to do that. And he was like, you're talking into Chase Bank.

And was family pet around a family pet? Yeah, I mean, I guess my my first pet, Mr. Magoo.

Sure. And where my childhood bulldog and when you called your mother into the room, yeah, did you accidentally call her by her maiden name? I always do. Yeah, I always call her by her maiden name. I always say, Hey, crystal Jones. Huh, interesting. And and and your childhood home is on what street now? Well, of course, it's 1135 sandalwood lane. I'm in. Oh my god, Scott.

Oh my god. Wait. Did you fucking have? Yeah, that's right, hacker. I'm so hacker. Hack myself. I hacked your ass. I walked right. I'm looking into that. I'm so mad. Oh my god.

Oh, look at all this information. Wow. Oh my god. Look at all these pictures of jeeps.

Whoa. Oh, these beautiful hard top jeeps. So many hard times got screen sharing right now. Oh, yeah, I'm sharing all of this shit. Oh my god. My cousin is going to dress me up like a rescue dog and leave me at the pound. Oh god. Oh my god. Look at all this financial information. Whoa.

Dang it. You're very wealthy. Yeah. Dang it. Why are you doing this?

My cousin. My cousin's going to sew me into the hem of a fine lady skirt and she's going to wear me around for 10 years. Okay, I'm just going to come out and say this. Your cousin seems like a dangerous individual. Just like a very like a like a very like should not be near family.

Just doesn't seem as healthy. He's Jeff the hacker. He's the scariest was dangerous individual and he was no. Things like it. Yeah. I'm accessing Jeff's.

I'm accessing all of Jeff's information.

Oh, dang. Oh, look at all this. Whoa. Look at this diary.

Whoa. Whoa. Whoa. This is from this is from Jeff's diary from yesterday. Oh, God. Don't read my cousin. Just diary. Dear diary. Dear diary.

He's struggling with a lot. My cousin. Nancy. Is that your real name? Nancy? What? Oh, God.

How do I exit the zoom? Wait, Nancy. Cast iron makes sense.

I think she's so cool.

She's the coolest person that I have ever met. Oh, I know that she looks up to me. But is it possible?

I look up to her even more. I wish I could tell her how I feel and not in a weird way just about my feelings of admiration for her.

It's good to clarify that. But she's so cool that I think she would just laugh in my face.

Signed Jeff. Dang. Cast iron, AKA Nancy. Why don't you open up to Jeff and let him tell you how he feels? Oh, God. I never thought I'd I never thought I'd uncover Jeff's true feelings and never thought it would take some old dumb boomer to hack Jeff's true thoughts. Perhaps that's the info you needed to hack all along. What? I don't know.

Yeah. I mean, it's sense to me in my head. And then I said it out loud and I don't think anybody that was was benefited from that. And then I was like, hold on. The cadence made it sound like it was something for sure. It sounded like a kind of like an end of episode lesson, but it just didn't really have the substance. Yeah. Call Jeff in call Jeff in here.

Me call Jeff. I can't call Jeff in. Then he'll know. Then he'll know I fucked this all up.

Go ahead. Come on. It's time for you to open up to your family.

All right. Hang on. Let me slack him. All the hip teens use slack. Okay, Jeff.

Jeff, come in here, man. Yeah. Well, we got to we got something to tell you. My new friends, I guess we got something to tell you. Hi, Jeff. It's great to see you.

What's going on? What's what? You need to clear your throat, Jeff? Yeah. Sorry. Oh, God.

Oh, there's a lot in there right now. Sorry. I've never heard anyone clear their throat by saying, Oh, God. Oh, God. It's just like a kind of thing. Oh, oh, oh. Okay. You get it all out, Jeff?

I think so. It still sounds very gravelly. I don't know. I think this is just how it sounds.

Oh, okay. Clearing throat won't do any good. Why am I even it? Why'd you slack me in? I'm going to I'm going to put you in a car. I'm going to weld it shut.

And it's going to be like that for like three whole months. Jeff, I'm so sorry. Jeff, I have something to tell you. I have something to tell you.

I'm more ocraman of comedy bang bang. I'm aware of your career.

Big fan to meet a fan over zoom. I'm a huge fan, man. Thank you. Thanks for having me. What's your favorite thing? Oh, man. Love comedy bang bang. That's the base. I love comedy bang bang. The show.

All of that shows well. Okay. And, you know, I just think you're a really funny guy and he's only a company. All right. Anyway, we've seen all of between two firms. Yeah, but we do first.

Yeah, you're a great producer. Anyway, anyway, anyway, anyway, we're getting off. Yeah. Oh, I'm sorry. Hey, that's your line. No, no, man. Everybody can have it. You know, I mean, it's like, I mean, is a word. Yeah. Jeff, I have something to tell you.

Yeah, what's up?

I used a lot of personal information that your cousin Nancy here gave me and I hacked. I hacked into your system. What? And I took a look at your diary and I saw your true feelings. Oh, Nancy here. I know. I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry. Give him personal information. I'm so sorry.

Oh, I got to clear my throat so much. Oh, say, oh, my God again. Oh, my God. Oh, my God.

Oh, my God. It sounds not like you clean your throat. It sounds like you didn't eat something good. I don't know. It's a it's a combination. I had like a weird salad from Sweet Greens.

And when they did a weird salad, just the ingredients. It was a customized salad. And I just got the just pick some weird stuff like corn and yeah, I was probably yeah, mostly artichoke arts.

But you hacked it. Oh, I don't want my personal feelings exposed like this. And I read them to cast iron aka Nancy here. Why don't you just why don't you tell her what you told all the rest of us and the questions that you asked your diary? Okay. I didn't want to do this on my favorite podcast. But thank you. Here we go. What's your second favorite if I can just interject for a second?

It's probably last podcast on the left. It's a good one. It's a good one. It's it's okay.

What about chapel? Go on chapel. Okay, sure. Listen, I just I this is so hard to get up. I just I respect you so much as a hacker and as a cousin. And I just hope that one day maybe we could hang out without me stuffing you into a vehicle. And I mean, you're literally in charge of that. Like, you you dictate how our interactions go. I just have to point out, but am I because, you know, like, capitalism and the way that the world functions? Oh my god.

I see I see a single tier coming out of that Guy Fox mask. No, it's not. The Jeff is wearing. Sorry.

Let me take off one of them. Just dry it off. Okay, that's just the face cover the nose and mouth covering right there. You're still wearing the Guy Fox one. But both of you take off your mask so we can see your true faces. What do you say? Oh, God, no one's seen it in years. Oh, oh, gosh, jazz jazz. Are you seeing what I'm seeing?

Yeah, I mean, if you have a mask on for that long, you're gonna get acne like that. Yeah, a couple of ungos here. We got some go to. Oh, no. Hey, I didn't realize we were crashing the rudest zoom in history.

Oh boy, put him back on. My favorite podcast of all time.

Just called me an uncle. I'll never leave the staff. Put him back on. No, I'm no longer interested in your personal growth. Put him back on. Put him back on. Hey, jazz jazz, give us an anyways and take us to break. What do you say?

Anyways, let's get out of here. All right, we'll see you after the break.

Coming, bang, bang. We're back here with, well, I guess the entire cast of Star Trek lower desks left. And I'm only here with jazz jazz jazz. Hey, what's happening? You know, those people were gross before. Oh, yeah. Well, one of them is still with us. Yeah, cast out and still with us. Yeah, but now that you got the mask back on, it doesn't feel as gross as you were when the man feels like someone different, doesn't it? Yeah, it's like what a mask does, you know, Halloween? Sure. Are we talking the franchise?

The movie, the movie, like, remake or the original? Is the remake the one where he's green and he turns in, he's like, you're thinking of Shrek? Yeah. Anyway, you want me to come anyways?

We also have, of course, cast iron here and hope everything's cool with Jeff and you guys made a personal journey here. Yeah, we started to have a real change of heart and then you were very rude about our parents. I don't remember that. But we do need to get to our next guest.

He is, oh, I don't quite know. I don't have any description of him, but please welcome to the show, Dash Griswold. Hey, what's going on? I heard you guys were talking about gross nerds.

Yeah. Thanks for having me, dude. Oh, sure. Did you just come on the show because you heard we were talking about gross nerds? I was aware of it, but also, Scott, I'm so sorry to break the news to you, man. My dad is turning the podcast studio into condos. So this is my opportunity to tell you again, the fuck out. Okay. So wait, your dad, wait, your dad is turning the studio into Connor. Who's your dad? My dad is rich Griswold of the Griswolds.

You know, he's like the biggest real estate mogul and tell your ride. And unless you can beat me in the ski off, I think I'm gonna take over your podcast studio. Oh, man, Scott, you got to do it, man. You can't lose the podcast.

You got to do it. You got to ski off. The things took a very surprising turn here. I'm unfamiliar with your dad, Rich Griswold, let alone the fact that there's a ski off that I can participate in.

Oh, there's a ski off, Scott. I mean, if you don't know Rich Griswold, I mean, I guess that's part of the problem. He's gonna, he sent me in here a 16 year old son to muscle you out, man. And I'm I'm if you don't get out right now and take my dad's money, we're gonna have to ski off.

Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, how much money are we talking?

You know, if if me muslin you guys out didn't work, he was like, I'm just gonna roll in there with a big old suitcase. And I'm a slap it on that desk. And I'm gonna make sure I'm gonna buy him out, man. He's buying up all the properties until you ride and in, you know, he's looking to expand.

This doesn't sound that bad, honestly. Like I to be to be honest, I'd rather get a bunch of money than participate in a ski off. Well, oh, oh, wow. Okay, well, I was pretty sure you were gonna agree to the ski off. And you know, I brought my I brought my skis and I brought I mean, if you're offering a lot of money and when you put it on a desk, it makes a noise. That's plenty of money.

Yeah, I guess if there's an onomatopoea effect when you slam that suit case down on the desk, then I'm taking the slam sound any day of the week. Yeah, I have recently hacked into his bank accounts and he could use the money. So like the the second part of your offer is very very enticing. Yeah, very enticing. Yeah, plus it's blessed with with chovie happening right now.

You know, like, you never know when you're gonna be able to do other things like you can invest.

Oh, man, my dad's plan is. Oh, man, it's not good. What was what was your dad's plan? Just basically entice me into a ski off where I would lose and hand over the property. So if you lost the ski off, you would have to hand over the property and we would give you the money. This isn't making sense.

So he so wait, I would get the money regardless. Yeah. What if I won the ski off? Would I still get the money? You would get the money and keep the podcast and I would have to like leave town.

Oh, it's like your head in your hands. Yeah, with like like shame and like you would be like with my girlfriend and oh, well, okay. So you're sweetening the pot here. Okay, wait, wait, aren't wait, aren't you 16? I'm 16. How old is your girl? I don't want to ask how old your girlfriend is.

My girlfriend is also 16. I know it's weird. And the more that I the more that I'm talking about, the just takes the money. Just take the money. Just take the money. I just take the money.

Wait, man, do you do you leave town regardless in any of these scenarios?

I think I would also just want to at least get away for a while because my dad's kind of driving me crazy with. So wait, you get a vacation? So if he just takes some money, then you get to go out of town, but just like on a nice vacation. This is a win. I just wanted to show off how good I am at skiing and how good are you? I'm like the best on the mountain man. I just wait a minute.

Wait a minute. How many lessons have you taken? Three.

Three lessons over how many years?

Three? Oh, one lesson pre or was it one lesson per year or was it three lessons?

Three years? It was like a really hard lesson. It was just a really good intent. It was an intensive skiing intensive. My dad pays that good. Oh, those are ski offwards, my friend.

Dash, hold on one second. I want to talk to jazz jazz and cast iron here.

I don't think he's that good. I think I could take him.

Yeah, but then if you take him and you win, you still get a 16 year old girl. I don't think you should do this. But I get all the money.

If I can interject when I came onto this podcast, I'm here.

I'm still here on the zoom. When I came onto this, I was like Scott 16. I assume you were. I was 16.

Why would you think I'm 16 if you're such a big fan of the show? You just got you got to have a mature sense of humor.

Yeah, but you're like, you have a youthful energy. It's inspiring.

Oh, yeah, I was just gonna say, look, I know I'm new here and stuff and I know when I busted and I did think this was a TD Ameritrade. So like take my advice for what you will, but like you seem cool. I know you said you're like, but like I'm I'm 17 and like to be honest, like you seem really mature and like smart and cool. Like I would have believed you were in college. Like if you're just asking me, but I'm just seeing like, I think if you're obsessed with skiing, you should maybe just like take some more lessons and get a little bit better and just, you know, find some friends.

You don't need a ski off competition in order to just get back up there on the mountain. What happened the last time you were on the mountain? Did you take a nasty spill and now you're afraid to go? No, last time I was on the mountain was a lesson during the ski off. It's all I live for the ski off, Scott. Wait, so the last time you were on the mountain, you were in the middle of a ski off as a middle of a ski off and I had a tutor. I was I saw I saw a small tutor the other day, boy, it was like 3.7 mill up in Franklin Heights. Huh, can you imagine, you know, prices are getting just so so crazy here in the LA? Yeah, that was one time that there was one time that Luke Diamond Phillips did the whole season of tutors and the entire season the whole season.

But this person was this person was getting a fade like, you know, a normal haircut that I gave.

So they were getting a fade and they wanted to stick around as here the whole thing. So they got they got coffee afterwards. I was done with the haircut like halfway through the season.

Interesting. Who were you competing against in the ski off the last time? Oh, man, I mean, last time last time it was, you know, it was mostly it was mostly like me and the tutor and I was just really looking forward to having like an outside of my.

Seems like a conflict of interest if the tutor is in a ski off. No, Scott, he said he wasn't taking it easy on me. He said, I want, he said, I won the ski off.

I've been riding that high for three years running, my friend. So come on, jump into the ring with me. Okay, tell you what, here are my terms. We compete on the black diamond slope. Oh, man, don't do it. If I win, I get all of that money you were talking about. All right. I don't have to date your 16 year old girlfriend.

Fair. Fair. That was a weird ask. You have to shit your pants in front of me.

And then you have to get a fade from jazz jazz here.

I mean, I was going to kind of ask about the fade already.

Yeah. I mean, that's a plus. You get it. That means that you get a gift. All right. In any case, do you accept my terms? You know what?

I'm going to have to fight you on the shooting of the pants.

Okay.

We can. Yeah. Cast iron. Can I have a quick sidebar with some with with you, sir? Who are you talking about your name? What's your name? Dash Chris? Dash Chris, Dash. Can I touch you over here?

Yeah. Which kid? Look, your dash. The actual 16 year old child. Look, Dash. Yeah, what's that? Okay, look, I've been in the hacking game for a whole over a long time. You might say that I'm an expert and like, I've seen this guy's bank records.

I've seen his deepest, darkest thoughts.

I've seen inside his computer. And what I can tell you about this man, Scott Ockerman, is that he is a sick fuck who will absolutely destroy your life. So if I may offer a suggestion, it sounds like your dad is rich. Like, why don't you just have him his name is rich. Oh, wait a minute. Your dad's I'm sorry. I was listening. Your dad is your dad doesn't have a lot of money.

Well, no, no, my dad, he's rich and his name is rich. Guys, he does have a lot of money. Yeah.

How much money like one suitcase full? He's the real estate king of tell you, right, man. He's got like two suitcases at least. Now, if he took it, if he took his suitcase of money that he gives over to Scott and he puts it on a table, what's the sound?

Like, bang. Oh, bang? Is it like a I'd say it's more of a cool. Like a call. A call. Okay.

That sounds depends on what your desk is made of. But wait, so what were you saying? Were we saying a cast iron? I was just going to say, have your dad just pay him off. Well, you're a rich, you're a rich guy's kid. Yeah, look, I've been just I've been trying to sell this place anyway.

Guys, I just want to I just want to compete and ski off with someone who isn't a tutor. That's all it is, man. Okay.

Look, I don't want to challenge you. I know I don't like challenge you to a ski off. But what if I just was like your ski friend? Why does it have to be a ski off? Why can't it be a ski on?

You know what? You're right. You're absolutely right. Let's all just get together and put on skis and have time. Yeah, it doesn't have to be a whole thing.

And I guess I've never really interacted with a friend who my dad hasn't paid off. So this is this is a lot for me guys. And I just really. Where your friend? Yeah, I really feel that.

So 17 year old and this, I'm presuming 60 year old barber. Yeah, man. But listen, if there's a chance that your dad can just throw me a conka money, I'll take a conka money to he can throw all the conks that he that he wants, man. I'm just I'm so happy to have real friends for the first time. Would it be better if your dad gave money to your real good friends instead of to your enemies? I never thought about it that way, but that would be a lot better. Yeah. All right. So I'll take one suitcase jazz jazz, how many I take two conks. Okay. I'll take two conks, one for me and one for my cousin Jeff.

All right. Okay. So what is that like? I'm gonna take two conks as well. Just, you know, that's like six conks total. Six conks. Okay. Oh, you need to call them on the phone or? Yeah.

I'll call them on the phone. Yeah. Should I do right now?

Yeah, do right now. Okay. Okay. I'm just gonna dial them up real quick. Hey, uh, hey, uh, dad. Um, so this is rich.

Chris. Well, the real estate. Who am I speaking to? Uh, your son? My son, Chris. Well, yeah, that's the one. Um, is that who I hear upon this telephone?

Yeah. Uh, so I just got a question. Um, uh, shoot. I, uh, I recently made some friends, not enemies, not enemies that, uh, we're gonna compete in the ski off of more so like actual friends who, uh, you know, care about me and my well-being. And they were wondering if they could have a few, uh, conks of some of your briefcase cash. If that's, if that's okay. Dash. I am so proud of you, son. Oh my God. Making real friends and not ski off related friends. You can have all the conks you want. How many conks you want?

That they were saying about six conks total. Is that right guys? Six conks? Yeah. Yeah.

Two for me. Two for just. Yeah. I want, I want two conks.

Yeah. So about six conks to, to, uh, per person. Oh, six conks? What? You don't have the dough? Uh, can I talk to you for a second? Dash, can I without your new friends listening? Uh, yeah. Oh, oh, oh my God. Yeah, sure.

Yeah. We'll, we'll, we'll turn our ears off. Yeah. We'll just look over here. Yeah.

But just, just put your headphones on. Listen to those friends episodes. Okay. Got it. Um, so Dash, yeah. Uh, you, you may not have, uh, been paying much attention to the, uh, business pages, but, uh, the, uh, real estate market in Telluride has bottomed out my son. Oh no. Zero Dolores.

Is this because of the chovid? It's because of, uh, of variety of factors. But, uh, I am, uh, unfortunately I'm a conchless when it comes to, uh, being, uh, uh, Pennywise and Pound Foolish these days. Wait, so I can't be Pennywise and Pound Foolish anymore? What are you saying, Dad? Are we out of conks? I'm sorry you're gonna have to tell your friends that you can't be friends with them anymore.

You're gonna make me look like the biggest asshole, Dad. I'm sorry, but that's what Potter growing up anyway. It's so nice talking to you. Let me know if you, uh, ever want to buy any property and tell you, right? You know what, Dad? I challenge you to a ski off. What? This is unprecedented.

I'm sorry. I was listening. Whoa, you were challenging your newly New York and Dad to a ski off. He obviously is a transplant from New York to Telluride.

That's true. It's a path a lot of people take. You'll thought of a bitch. I'll see you on the slopes. Dad, okay. All right.

On the bunny slopes. You gotta grow up sometime. Dead. See you there. Sunset. I'm gonna fucking murder you. It's sunset. Oh, shit. Oh, man, guys, that was heavy. That was terrifying. I forgot to hang up on him. Somebody button. Somebody button. Oh, yeah.

Did that do it? Just snap the phone? Oh, Dad did it. Yeah, I did it. I did it.

Oh, man. It's like one of those hardtop jeeps. Well, gosh, Dash, sounds to me like you and your dad are having a classic ski off at sunset.

Oh, yeah. I guess I got to go, guys. But I just want to thank you for all the laughs and memories that I'll cherish forever. And, yeah, we are we back. Are we back on the call? Oh, yeah. You could take from friends. I think you're like the one person that actually listened. Yeah, I did it.

Did instructions. No, yeah. I was just like, I can't believe Joey Tribion. He ran. He's he's just working in a Caesar's palace. Is it a little Caesar's palace? So it might be. I don't know.

It might have been I might have just misheard the word casino casino casino casino. Yeah.

Well, look, Dash, sounds like you're not long for this world. Your dad said he was going to murder you. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, he did. Yeah. Okay. Well, you only have a few hours to go here then. But maybe you can stick around for just a second because we have a one final feature on the show.

If that's okay, you know, I'd be all right. Yeah, perfect.

We just have one final feature.

And that's a little something called plugs.

Nice and short. That was breeze for greasy hands by one bean please. Thank you so much to one bean please for that plugs theme. All right, guys, let's see who do we have? We have jazz jazz cast iron and dash Griswold. Jess jazz. What do you want to plug?

Amen. 64th Street. We moved fades and break. Whoops, fades. No longer braided fade.

What about whoops, fades? Whoops, fades.

I'll open up another shop. Whoops, fades where I just people don't tell me that they want to haircut. I just give people haircuts. And it's like, are you worried that Whoopi Goldberg would would end up coming there and worry gets free haircuts? I'd be excited. That'd be a real get.

All right. Cast iron. What do you want to plug? Yeah, I guess I just want to plug this new friendship that we all have. So thank you guys for I know I came in hot trying to steal your identities. And thank you for taking me in like a little sister. Yeah, I guess so, you know, watch Star Trek Lord decks because um, you know, voice over animation is kind of like hacking, right?

Hacking the voice. Hackers characters. Yeah, exactly.

Dash Griswold, what are you plugging? I guess first and foremost, the ski off that is in one hour streaming live on it is one hour from sunset. Yeah, yeah. I'll probably 43 right now.

You know, you know, you can make it sense that if you just close your eyes, you know, I've heard that true. Yeah. So the ski off could be right now. He's about to close his eyes for a long time.

It sounds like his dad's gonna murder me. Yeah, I'm probably gonna die. Other than that, I want to also echo Star Trek Lord decks. I watched it on the way over here. Solid stuff.

And I guess the ski off of shows, uh, the boys season two on September, uh, fourth, you know, or whatever there's. Yeah. Yeah, whatever. Sure. Yeah. Um, okay. I want to plug. Let's see. Of course, I mentioned it earlier. Uh, my sister show comedy bang bang.

Of course we are the, the preeminent, uh, Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles podcast, but we have a sister show, which is the official Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtle podcast. That is we've got to stop talking about TMNT on CBB.

That is my show with Sprague the Whisperer. That'll be this Thursday. We have Jason and Zuka. So we will be on the show and we'll be talking about Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles three.

We also have another episode with Lauren Lapkis, where we talk about the secret of the use.

You can get to those on Sean distance, Patreon. Uh, so, uh, go check those out. All right. Well, let's close up the old plug bag. You start with a C when you want to close it up. You lead with an L and then you owe. Oh, oh, oh. Be enough to plug bag, open up for a pass. Take your hands and open it up. Then he'll raise your cost and then he just says, be known in all my lives.

Give me the perfect. Oh, and up the plug bag, open it up.

The perfect. Everybody wants your open up the plug bag. Keep it fucking open up the plug.

All right, guys. Well, I want to thank you so much. I don't know what happened to the Star Trek people, but maybe they got beamed up onto the Enterprise or some shit. I don't know what they do, but I want to thank you guys. Jazz jazz. So great to see you again. Yeah, it's good, you know.

Anyway, oh, okay. That was anyway. Okay. I'm glad you got one last anyway. And cast iron.

Great to meet you. I got the password to your grow hub account. Oh, cool. Can you give it to me?

Oh, yeah. I will. I'll give it to you later. Later. You want it right now? Yeah. Oh, it's a squishy sandal guy. 84. That's me. The year I was born. You love wet sandals. Why do you want your sandals wet all the time and squishy? I just love the feel.

Dash Griswold, so great to see you.

I'm sorry that this is your last day on Earth, but yeah, yeah. Maybe you'll win. Maybe you'll win.

I'm going to die at sunset. Yeah. Well, hey, look, if it's any solace to you, a lot of people are, you know, people die every day specifically at that time.

Sure. I can only imagine we should get the info of how many people actually died at sunset today and see if it's more than you.

Undoubtedly, it's more than just you. That does make me feel a little better.

Yeah, you're in good company. Yeah. Yeah, that's a good way to end. All right. Well, guys, thank you so much for being here. Are we back on?

Cheshire, as you've had your headphones on this whole time.

Oh, yeah. I put them back on after you asked me a question. What's true, be oning up to? Oh, man. Still the same. He's just walking back and forth. What episode is that? Walking back and forth. Huh? If the one where he walks back and forth the one where he walks back and forth. Yeah.

Oh, I got to catch up with that one.

All right, guys, we'll see you next time. Thanks. Bye.

Bye.
