♪♪♪ They say you can't throw your granny off a bus, but just you fucking watch me, grandpa. Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

Thank you to Tough Shit Elliot for that wonderful catchphrase submission, and welcome to Comedy Bang Bang for another edition.

We are oh, so deep in the throes of Augie Doggy.

Augie Doggy 2020, a year to remember, certainly.

And what a wonderful show we have. By the way, my name is Scott Ochreman. I am the host of Comedy Bang Bang.

And this, of course, is used to be America's podcast.

Now it's humanity's podcast because I realized that was too limiting.

I want a global audience, if not...

Galaxial?

Is galactic.

I think galactic sounds a little more impressive.

Coaxial.

Yes.

Coaxial.

Coaxial cable audience.

Wait, that's what I used to have on IFC.

We have a great show.

The guy that was just talking, we're going to be talking to him in a second.

So if that hasn't hooked you, I don't know what will.

Coming up a little later, we have a marketer, and we also have a vegetarian on the show.

I enjoy this show because I like talking to people of all walks of life, hearing about their various likes and dislikes.

And apparently, the vegetarian likes vegetables and dislikes meat.

But I'm sure there will be more to it than that.

But before we get to them, we want to welcome our first guest.

Now he's been on the show many times before, and when I say many times, what are we talking to?

I think, yeah.

I'll go to.

And but I've also been the live action extravaganza, comedy bang bang.

That's right.

Yes, you were on that many, many times playing one of our...

Pat Dantrick.

What was your...

Perch circumference.

I still think we need to do a spin-off.

Maybe pun intended of sports circumference.

What would be the pun?

Spin?

Oh, I think a spin, yeah.

Maybe spin had to do with circumference.

Is that what you're thinking of?

Oh, circumference.

Maybe a intended pun that wasn't there.

Maybe it was an ill-intended pun.

Yeah, yeah.

You should get used to saying pun not even there.

Yeah, pun.

But he's currently, and when I say currently, he got in just over the wire.

Good three months after the final episode of not final, final, but of the season of his HBO show, Avenue 5, here just in time to promote.

Yes.

Well, everyone has all the time in the world.

So you might as well, you know, everyone's finished normal people and Tiger King and everything else.

So if you haven't done Avenue 5, do you want to do it?

Yeah, this is a great time to promote something.

You're right.

And not only that, but we love having him on.

He's been on for many, many years here.

Please welcome back to the show, Kyle Bournimer.

Hello.

Hi.

So nice to be here.

So nice to see you.

Because I thought that you were going to say so nice to see you and I was going to say so nice to see you.

I didn't say this.

You switched it up at the end.

So nice to be here.

Because that would have been awkward.

If I were a B and you were a C.

Avenue 5, of course, is a television program.

Tell us everything about it.

Everything from soup to nuts.

It's sprung from the satirical genius of Armando Iainucci from VEEP fame and in the loop and death of Stalin.

Does he play the VEEP?

He does not play the VEEP.

He is not the VEEP.

He might have been the show about the guy that has revenge in the 80s.

The show about the guy who does, oh wait, we're talking the equalizer.

Armando was the equalizer.

No.

But it sprung from...

Now that would be something.

That would be amazing.

The guy can do anything.

So I wouldn't be surprised if he could do that.

And he concocted this amazing comedy set on a space cruise where a space cruise set about 30, 40 years in the future.

Gets knocked off course and gets stranded.

And my particular character is about to get a divorce from my spouse played by Jessica St. Clair.

Jessica St. Clair, who we've heard of, she's never been on the show, but a good friend.

Good friend.

That I talk to occasionally.

Yes.

What's her...

Who does Jessica know very well?

Is it Marissa Wampler?

Marissa Wampler, yes.

She's like an aunt of Marissa.

Yeah, yeah, the godmother of Marissa.

So we are a bickering couple who was just, was very excited to get off this cruise because we were going to end our marriage.

And now we might be stuck up there forever with each other.

And we are just two of the 12 or 14 of the ensemble that Armando has put together, Hugh Laurie and Josh Gad and Lenoir Crichelo.

He played that guy in the house that Hugh Loeger had.

He was the house.

Now, if he were to do a yo mama joke or if there were a yo mama joke about him, like you're so fat when your mama sits around the house, she sits around you.

Right.

Would that be it?

It would be 30% more British dry wit.

Brilliant.

Like he, yeah, he's, he is that.

And they all, I mean, it's amazing because I spent five, four or five months in London filming that.

And there's a base level of wit in that country that is, like they're cheap.

Like they're, they're cheesy sitcom is like a really sharp sitcom set in Shakespeare.

And it's like Shakespeare is just like this oafish dad that comes home like.

And it's just called shake and bake because he has to make dinner.

It's that would be a concept and somehow it would be really high, you know, highbrow.

Do you have, have you ever, have you ever considered that maybe you think English people are smart because you're so dumb?

I do.

Yes.

But you know, I, yeah, I say, yeah, because I've said that about people from Utah, people from.

So yes, I should always preface when I compliment anyone that this is my standards, which are generally low on all categories.

Now, Kyle, I'm going to ask you, are you, are you, it seems to me like you're slumping in your chair.

Is that correct?

Well, I'm, yeah, which I'm not happy with.

I'm trying to, you know, because the energy, it seems like you are just getting lower and lower in frame where it's just going to be like your eyeballs.

How many chins are you seeing right now?

That's how you can see about eight or so.

Yeah, if you're seeing eight chins that I'm about as slouched as I can be.

Are you offended? Does it seem like I'm not interested?

You know, I put a lot of thought into this, this, this chair.

You decided to slouch so much as that.

Like, what would be wrong if you like sat up and actually brought the mic close to you?

Well, okay. I can definitely bring the mic closer.

Is that better? No, no, we don't want it that close.

I'm just saying like, I don't want the mic to be closer to you as much as I want, like you just to be like up and excited to be here.

Well, I am excited. You know what the thought was? I thought if I was on, I was going to bring in just like this regular wooden chair.

And then I thought you'd be like, Kyle, you look so uncomfortable.

I would prefer that to just snooze ville here when you're talking about having new fun.

Hey, if I can make you lean in, it's really, it's a power move, really.

Like, you know, what do they say? Like some assholes that like have their seat higher during meetings.

This is a power move on my part to make you lean in the game.

Yeah, it's a power move. Yeah.

You know, may old power move, Gornheimer.

Okay. Well, speaking of power moves, you have power moved through the industry this year.

You are in not only Avenue 5, but you're in a movie called The Lovebirds, which is on Netflix with our old friend, Camille Nudgeani, is in that.

And you play as I watch this movie. It's fantastic. And you play.

You're going to have to remind me.

Well, it's sprung from the mind of Armando. Oh, wait. No.

So yeah, I play a very corrupt politician preacher type of character.

Wait, you're a politician and a preacher. Like I saw it.

When did it come out?

It came out a month than an half ago?

It was about it was sort of towards the beginning. You know, it was it was one of those sort of victims of COVID in terms of release.

They had a relatively big theatrical release plan and we were actually headed to South by Southwest for the premiere.

Here comes the slump. Yeah.

All I did was ask you a simple question. When did it come out?

Well, here you're monologuing about it.

I have a tendency my wife calls them Bournheimer-Bummers.

I like to really bring in like, you know, we're all having fun, but I didn't like just the layout, like the reality of a situation or just like get real.

Like, hey, guys, we're having fun now, but you know, there's a lot of tomatoes in this area.

Yes. It's a Bournheimer-Bummer.

So anyway, what I was going to say is it came out a little while ago.

I don't remember the politician part. I don't remember the preacher part.

You know, that might have been on the page, but not in the cut and then the cut were just a sort of seemingly put together nice couple.

I don't want to say too much. That ends up doing a very...

You don't want to spoil this movie that came out months ago.

After you watch Avenue 5, you can watch this and I won't give any spoilers.

No, I, yeah, so I do some nefarious business with all with a smile, but there's ironically, and we filmed this a year ago, a year and a half ago, I'm in a mask much of the time.

Wait, I don't even remember you being in a mask unless it was a Kyle Bournheimer mask?

No. I'm in... I'm almost exclusively in a mask in it.

It's... I remember that... I remember Kumail. I remember Isa.

They're so funny together.

Great chemistry, incredible plot, just like a laugh a minute and great action in it too.

And then like when it comes to your part, like all I'm getting is like a fuzzy, almost like you didn't sign a release and they had to fuzz out your...

That's how all my... Yeah, all my movies are...

My memory is just a blank when it comes to your character.

What are you... Refresh my memory.

I think that's a good thing. I think... I think that's what an actor goes for.

You really want to bleed into the story so much you're not remembered.

Sure. But I remember you came on. I was like, there's my guy.

There's my guy. You know, I've talked about it on the show many times. Big fan of you.

I love all your performances before we even got to know each other. Just a big, big fan.

And so as soon as you came out, I was like, there's my guy.

And now two months later, I'm like, what did he do?

Maybe it was because I was in a mask the whole time and maybe you forgot.

It's a pretty dirty... It was fun.

We shot that new mask. It was a dirty mask because it's part of a dirty storyline.

I'm walking around the spoiler.

Come on, just spoiler it because I do not...

I'm part of a cult.

Oh, yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah.

We are in a ceremony, an eyes wide shirt.

Right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right.

This is the best way like a talk show, like a host that knows like how to help a guest.

And you're just very unce... Yeah, you're boring again.

That's the style of this show. I don't know why anyone comes on this show.

Why is he do like a nuance like, oh, you know, he'll always help you through.

He's got a great touch in helping you through.

Oh, you're boring, you're basic, go.

No, I do remember this now.

I guess I was thinking, weren't you in an apartment scene, didn't you break into an apartment?

Or am I thinking of someone else?

There's a few apartment... No, there...

The Lumberds fans, by the way, are going crazy right now.

They're screaming at their speakers like, no, he comes in and scene 43!

He's not in the apartment. He... Yeah, I am in an apartment.

I am in a room with them that where it's not a break-in situation.

They break into an apartment and someone... They break in, but you come in, right?

No, there is someone in there already. Less chins than me.

Much younger and fewer chins than me.

Enough about the Lumberds.

One other question, though, I do want to ask you about it is, where were you on the call sheet?

On that one?

Yeah, on that one.

Like, you don't need to say on that one like, oh, I'm number one on other ones.

No, actually, you're right. I'm always seven.

All call sheet, that's part of my deal.

Even if I'm the most lines, I'm always number seven.

I'm always number seven. I love that.

I actually think that would be cool to, like, contractually put that into your thing.

One thing they're talking about is actually not doing numbered calls sheets anymore.

Really?

What?

Yeah.

Comedy Bang Bang fans will be living about this.

They live for the call sheet.

Really?

Why are they talking about this?

I think it has to do with just sort of onset behavior and just sort of creating a better atmosphere and, like, an easier...

So there's no hierarchy?

That's the idea.

When I was in Comedy Bang Bang, that was the only reason I did it is for the hierarchy.

What number was I on that?

Oh, as...

What was your pan?

As tan-patric.

As tan-pat-dantric.

Pat-dantric.

I don't know. You probably, once we assigned it to you, that was probably...

What was that? That was the second season or the third season, and then you came back, like, almost every season, I think.

So it had been, like, 88?

Yeah, you probably would have been 88, and then you keep being 88 the entire time.

A born-timer 88.

Although, I think you redo it every season. Oh, God.

Now I'm born-himering this story.

Bored-himer.

It's amazing.

I'm boring my family.

You are almost asleep right now.

Look at you.

You have leaned so far.

I'm going to put...

I'm going to bring one of these.

There's a fighter jacket in here.

I'm going to bring up.

Avenue 5.

Out now, people can watch all of them.

Have you filmed the second season yet?

No, we're all sort of...

Hoping to come back maybe sooner than we thought to start season two.

If not, we would start, you know, in a few months.

But we were supposed to be there now.

Want me to get boring again?

I could tell you all about how it was...

You're like turning into the depressing the bumbers now.

You're like, supposed to be here now, but...

Well, obviously that didn't work with 170,000 people dead.

So it'll probably be like a few months.

So, yes, we are very excited about season two.

And it should start up pretty soon.

Fantastic.

Well, you know, I mean, not everyone has seen season one, so go ahead and catch up on that.

And the lovebirds where you can...

Apparently he's in a room with the number one and number two on the call sheet at some point.

And he didn't break into the room, but they broke into the room, and someone else is also in that room.

That's what it says on IMDB for the summary of that movie.

Put that in the trivia.

If any of you IMDB heads are in there, go ahead and put that in the trivia.

But we have to get to our next guest if that's all right, Kyle.

Now, this is exciting.

Have you eaten many vegetables in your life?

A few times, yeah.

Which ones have you eaten, would you say?

I had the green broccoli once, and I had a piece of cauliflower.

One piece of cauliflower, and then some broccoli.

A whole meal of broccoli.

I think I went to a broccoli restaurant.

He is, of course, I mentioned it a vegetarian.

Please welcome to the show Jerome Bucket Hat.

That's Jerome Bucket That.

I'm sorry, Jerome?

Jerome?

With an N?

Oh, with an N. Okay, and then Bucket That?

Bucket That, yes.

Bucket That.

It's a common misconception.

I'm sorry, it's spelled Bucket Hat.

It's Bucket.

But you're right, if you look at it a different way, it's Buck-E-That.

Yes, Bucket That.

Jerome, Jerome, so nice to meet you.

So nice to meet you as well.

And this is Kyle.

Hi, Kyle.

Hi, Jerome.

Thanks for having me.

I'm a vegetarian.

I'm so happy to be here.

Do you have expertise in vegetables?

I do not.

I'm just a vegetarian.

You just eat them.

You don't know that much about them other than, hey, get into my belly.

I eat them.

A fat bastard once said, right?

A fat bastard once said that, and I've never let it down.

Because I've never let it live.

I've never lived it down.

Is that the word?

I've never lived it.

You never let it down?

You never let it live or you never lived it down.

I'm not quite sure.

I live in...

Exactly.

Yeah.

I just decided one day, you know what?

I'm going to be a vegetarian.

That's usually how it happens.

I mean, a lot of people...

I guess there aren't too many people who have it thrust upon them.

As much as usually someone decides, you know what, I'm going to be a vegetarian?

Then they just become it.

It was not thrust upon me at all.

In fact, everybody does...

Everybody discourages it.

They despise me for it.

Oh, really?

So is that because your friends are all big meat eaters?

Huge meat eaters.

They call them meat heads.

Wait, all your friends are called the meat heads?

Yes, there's a group.

There's a group that I was in.

But I'm still currently.

So you befriended this group of people and what you had in common was this group you were in called the meat heads.

Yes.

And then you started just eating vegetables, but you still decided to be a meat head.

Yes.

And by the way, being a vegetarian doesn't mean we just eat vegetables.

We just don't eat meat.

Oh, I see.

You know, they should call it a don't-metitarian, right, Kyle?

Definitely.

Thanks for co-sounding that.

Really appreciate it.

Go back to sleep.

Don't eat meat-etarian.

See, that's what we need is.

I say something you build on it.

That's yes, ending, right?

Yeah, I believe so.

So Jerome, what do you eat?

Potatoes?

I eat potatoes.

I eat tomatoes.

I eat...

Tomatoes are fruits, are they not?

They are.

They are fruit.

A lot of people don't know that.

People don't respect tomatoes as a fruit and they get labeled as a vegetable.

They get misgendered as a vegetable.

Well, because they taste so bad, they don't taste like fruits.

You know what I mean?

Like, fruits are all good.

You know, like, you know, strawberry, watermelon, pineapple, orange, apple.

Like, these is good.

These is good.

Tell us about being a vegetarian.

It must be a hard lifestyle.

You say that your friends don't like you for it, even though it seems like your friendship has transcended the group that you're in.

It's very hard.

And frankly, I should be respected more for it, which is why I appreciate you giving me this platform.

Well, this is your time.

This is your platform to say anything you want to about being a vegetarian.

So please take it.

Okay.

You know, quite honestly, I don't know if I have any more questions to ask you about being a vegetarian.

I mean, you don't eat meat, you eat some fruit, you add a potato once, like, I'm tap dry.

So go ahead.

So whatever you want to say.

First of all, I'd like to say a few things.

If you are not voting for Kanye West, this election, you do not get to speak to me about being a vegetarian.

You do not get to speak to me about wearing the clothes that I wear, about wearing the shoes that I wear.

Well, okay.

Hold on.

Hold on one second.

Hold on.

What's that?

Kyle, I don't know whether you seem very confused by this.

But I had you on as a vegetarian, not necessarily.

I'm still a vegetarian.

West enthusiast.

I'm still a vegetarian.

I still don't eat meat.

Yeah.

But you know, when I had to wake up.

No, no, I'm slouching out of fear.

Out of fear.

But yeah, I didn't necessarily think this was going to get political and with such a, shall we say, off center point of view about politics.

I'm here to talk about vegetarian food.

Okay.

A lot of people get protein from lentils.

Also if you're not voting for Kanye West, fuck off.

No, it seems to me like, and if I, if I may critique you and, and perhaps sometimes we need a mirror to be held up to our actions in order to truly see what they are and let me be your mirror.

Okay.

We look just alike.

We certainly do.

But it seems to me like you start talking about vegetarianism and then you ever so quickly make a hard, hard, right turn into voting for Kanye West out of what seems to be a protest vote.

I don't know if I'm doing that every time.

I think what I'm doing is.

Try to do it without doing it.

Okay.

Sure.

Okay.

Scott, can I be a second mirror to like, can I be next?

Yeah.

Sometimes we need two mirrors because have you ever been in that dressing room where there's just one full length mirror and then you're like, yeah, but how do I look in the back?

You kind of need to have two mirrors in order to.

When you can, you know, hair, you need two mirrors.

You definitely need to.

And Kyle, you and I look just alike from the bank.

That's what it is.

It's yeah.

Well, thank you.

I mean, I mean, I mean, I didn't compliment it, but I hope you hope it.

I mean, have you seen my chins?

Nah, I just thought of one.

Oh, no, maybe I'm not slouching as much.

That was my question.

Is my slouching have to do with my diet?

And is there anything about the vegetarian, you know, and vegetarianism that can help with my posture and that kind of thing?

I'm glad you asked.

Celery, celery stays straight up.

If you put your neck back and you stick a celery, start down your throat like a cartoon almost where you take it, you put it in your mouth and you just push it down slowly.

That helps with the back.

And slouching is not good, especially when you're working the polls.

You don't have if you're slouching, you can't really like a stripper or when you're working the voting polls.

Okay.

Now I'm not saying anything about the voting polls.

No, I mean, it's actually good that we volunteer for the polls this year.

We need all the help we can get to get a lot of people out.

Yeah, we need the elderly who usually work them to not be as exactly.

Yeah.

The people who got hurry up and think of a question because he's about to do the thing.

Yeah.

So we want the people who want the people who are all vegetables of green.

All vegetables are not green.

Some vegetables are white.

Coloflower.

Kyle, you have mentioned that you had a lot of.

Yeah, it is a white vegetable.

You're right.

Yes.

You mentioned you had one once.

Yes.

When you say, you know, hey, I want to stand up straight.

So eat some celery because celery is straight.

Because your body become like any vegetable that you eat.

Your body becomes like celery when you when you stick it down your throat like that, like so by the way, you keep demonstrating what it's like to stick something that long down your throat.

And I really I just wanted to highlight it for the listeners out there who can't exactly see what you're doing.

Yeah.

Well, they can they can feel me.

Listen, listen to this.

When you do something like this, and you do it like that, you gag on it like that.

You gag on it.

Just keep shoving it down.

Do you do you do you think chewing is unnecessary for vegetables?

Yeah, you suppose a boil until they get so soft that you don't have to chew them.

You just kind of mush them in your mouth.

You're basically talking about baby food.

Who is?

You are.

I think there's a there's an area in ism.

There's a there's an ism for food that I think is just that where you don't chew.

Did you say area in ism?

Well, yeah, then I changed it to ism because it's a area in ism.

It doesn't sound good.

It is about that is just there was that one movement of chewing your your your kids food and then spitting it into their mouth.

Yeah, baby birding it.

Baby birding.

It's called.

And I think like there's also one that is just about soft foods that you don't chew because the chewing and the ruining of your teeth.

And you just basically shoot liquefied food into your into your face.

You only get two sets of teeth in your lifetime.

And one of them goes away when you're very, very young and then you're stuck with the rest for decades.

If you're lucky, if you raise your children to be vegetarian, they keep both sets of teeth.

Both.

What do you need with both?

You have the you have like the baby ones and the adult ones at the same time.

The baby ones and the adult ones.

The baby adult ones grow around the baby ones.

So so you look like a shark essentially with all the roles of teeth.

Yes.

You look like a shark credible.

Really.

So how many how many teeth do you have?

Three, that's more than do you throw another set if you do it long enough.

I kept all my wisdom teeth and I'm very smart.

Oh, okay.

Interesting.

So you you're like the next step in human evolution next step.

But I'll tell you who's the step right now Kanye West.

Oh, no.

Okay.

Now he's not officially on the ballot in most places yet, right?

We have to get him on there, Kyle.

And if you endorse him right now, Kyle.

Make up and endorse Kanye West.

I thought you might mention like some some some club that I could be a part of like I get free green juices sent to me or something.

You could join the meat hands.

We're club.

What what what are the meat heads to do?

We ride motorcycles.

How often do you get together every Thursday night and seven every Thursday night at seven you ride motorcycles in the dark.

Robes.

This one is fun.

We turn the lights off and we go.

That's what it's fun.

I think you turn the lights off.

Well, first of all, do you would you like me to go through how a meathead meeting goes?

I definitely would.

It sounds to me like you've meted seven on Thursday night.

We meet at seven on Thursday nights.

We all pull up on our motorcycles.

Well, pull up where though like where's the meeting place?

Is it the same place every week?

Yeah, the VFW.

And do you always call it meeting but with an A?

Yes.

It's called.

Are you the meat heads M E E T T T?

Because they just meet all that.

Yeah, there's nothing to do with food.

They just they love meeting that what here's the fun part, the meeting boy.

We are called the meat heads the M E T heads, right?

But the meeting is called the M E A T I.

Oh, okay.

That's the fun.

Come on, Kyle.

You know you want to go to the meeting room.

M E T E I N G where you meet things out.

Yes.

Okay.

Scott, keep up.

I definitely need to catch up.

So you meet at the VFW at seven o'clock.

Is it a hey, we everyone needs to be there at seven or at seven to people start rolling in.

It takes about a half hour for people to get there.

Everybody needs to be there at seven.

The meeting the minute start going at seven o'clock.

Well, yeah, the minutes are always going.

Seven of one seven, oh two seven, oh three.

What are you what's your role in the in the meat head?

Yeah, are you president or you secretary or you treasure?

I'm just a member.

Oh, also a client.

I wasn't able to I wasn't able to get a I'm just a poor boy.

I need no sympathy though.

I just I just come to the meeting when I asked if I'm present.

I say, I when I'm asked what sound the horse makes, I say nay, nay.

Is nay, nay, leaks?

Would she be a good meathead?

Nay, nay, leaks free on sevens.

Nini leaks free on Thursdays.

Nini is a basketball player.

Who does Nini play for?

Houston Rockets.

Oh, okay.

Very good.

So it sounds to me like you've taken us through approximately one minute of the meatheads agenda.

Oh, yeah.

Okay.

So you guys meet you.

You take roll.

We take roll as we're walking in.

We take.

Are these roles like dinner roles?

We take dinner roles as we're walking in.

We take them.

Somebody has a basket and tongs because of Corona virus.

Because past the past the first part of the meeting, all you guys do, we then physically kick out all of the veterans.

Oh, from the VFW.

Yes.

What's usually going on there at Thursdays at seven?

They're having that.

They're having some dumb veteran meeting, but we don't respect the troops.

Agressively don't support the troops.

Yeah.

So you go in and it seems like they would have learned their lesson by now if they're constantly being thrown out.

Well, they keep trying to get us to not have our meetings there.

Sure.

But but you guys just throw them out every single week.

Are you ever unsuccessful at throwing them out or every single week they get thrown out?

Everything we think you throw now, they're just not strong enough.

They're old.

Everybody's all of us are meatheads.

We're strong people.

A lot of protein, seven, me and vegetarian.

Where do you get your protein beans?

Beans lentils.

I tried to say that earlier, but you kept talking about Kanye West.

I never talked about Kanye West.

I think I talked about Kanye West.

Well, since you want to bring him up.

Well, look, I could talk to you about these meetings all night because they just sound fascinating, but we do have to take a break.

Can you stick around though?

Because I would love to hear any other details about these.

What time is it heads?

Is it almost seven?

Because if it's almost seven, I got to get out of here.

No, you do.

How long does it take you to get to the meeting?

45 minutes.

It's a long long run.

It's a long run.

I'll let you know when it's a six, ten.

So that'll give you a good five minute leeway there.

Perfect.

We have to take a break.

When we come back, we're going to have a marketer and we will have more Jerome Buck-Kifat and more Kyle Bournheimer.

We'll be right back with more comedy bang bang after this.

Comedy bang bang.

We are back.

We have a Kyle Bournheimer of Avenue 5.

Why is it called Avenue 5, by the way?

I still haven't been able to figure that out.

That's the name of the cruise ship.

They didn't name Gilligan's Island after the Minnow.

No.

You know what I mean?

Like if I would have turned on the Minnow, I would be very confused if I was watching Gilligan's Island.

Are you confused that they have a new 5 title?

Yeah, I am.

Maybe we'll change the title for season two.

I think it would be great.

Let's spit ball some titles like space guys.

I think I'd expect with a Z.

Yes.

In space.

Yeah.

SPAZ.

Space guys.

Also we have a drone, Bekkathat.

Am I pronouncing that correctly?

Yes, Bekathat.

Bekathat.

Well, why don't you say yes?

It is so different.

It's also the third pronunciation we've had.

Yeah.

That's correct.

And he's a vegetarian and one of the meaty cheesy boys.

What was it?

The meatheads.

Yeah.

Do you remember the meaty cheesy boys from Jack in the Box?

No.

Oh, is that the boy there?

Me?

Yes.

Yeah.

Cheese, cheese, meat.

It's baby and no, it's hot and juicy.

They don't make it till you order it.

When I say meat, you say cheese, meat.

Cheese.

You know, Scott, this is another thing that we do at the meeting for 15 minutes.

We watch 80s commercials.

That's some 80s commercial.

I'm just letting you know.

Oh, you're letting us know.

Just what?

Trying to thaw.

We do have to get to our next guest though.

She is a marketer and maybe she can first of all give Kyle some tips about how to talk about Avenue 5 in a more exciting way and can also give Jerome.

But get that.

That's correct.

So, look at that.

Look at that.

Jerome, book with that is here and we do need to get to our next guest.

She is a marketer.

Please welcome Trish Maxwell.

Hey, all.

Thank you all so much for having me.

Oh, do I detect a southern lilt of your voice?

Just a little bit.

I work primarily in the Midwest, but I do have southern roots.

Where are you from?

South Carolina.

South Carolina and you live in the Midwest though now?

Yes.

So now I'm a marketer and I work for TJ Maxx.

You may have heard of it.

That's the store with two X's in its name, right?

Yes.

So it's not triple X, but it's a little- It's double X.

Yeah.

And one of the biggest parts of my job is just to kind of work and figure out who that TJ Maxx girl is.

And so a lot of my job is understanding who she is.

And I just have a ball doing that.

Okay.

So you are trying to lure women into the store by saying that the clothes are for a certain type of person, in other words.

Exactly.

And I understand our customer.

And our TJ Maxx girl, she is fun, she's spunky, she's smart.

She likes that wedding font that you see on wood, pieces of wood, that wedding font.

She likes those cardigans that are like ropes that are floral print.

Wait, wait, wait, wait.

Back up here.

She likes- What font are we talking about?

The white wedding font that slanted like kind of that font that's on everything.

Verdana?

Yeah, that one.

She loves that one.

She loves it.

It's on everything she owns.

All her pillows, her shirts.

She might say Rose all day, but she hasn't said it in a little while.

I think she would order a pumpkin spice latte if her friends were ordering them.

But mostly it's big headbands.

I don't know.

I think the biggest thing though about her is just the traumatic experience that she had in high school.

Oh.

Which I think that separates her from say a Marshall's girl or a Ross girl or something.

I dare I ask, what is the specific traumatic event that you think the TJ Maxx girl underwent?

Yeah.

So our TJ Maxx girl, she woke up one morning and she got on her razor scooter and she went to school.

And when she got there, it just reeked of skunk.

The whole school smelled like skunk.

And so she's like, I don't understand.

She goes to assembly and her friends turn to her and they go, oh my God, it's you.

It's you.

And she says, what?

And they say, you smell like skunk.

So she runs to the school bathroom and she's, you know, she's taking the pink soap and she's putting it all over her body, you know, trying to get rid of that smell and nothing works.

And she's panicking.

And so she just runs out of the school.

She gets back on her scooter.

She goes home.

She gets up to her room and she sees all these little paw prints over by her window.

And she realizes that she had left her window open and a skunk had climbed in there.

And she goes downstairs and she hears little crying noises.

Cry, cry, cry.

She sees it's her mom.

Her mom is crying.

She says, mom, why are you crying?

Why are you crying?

She's like, oh, honey, I was at work, couldn't hear.

And the women said that I smelled like skunk and I lost my job.

I'm sorry.

I'm getting emotional just thinking about it.

It's OK.

Yeah.

This is our poor TJ Maxx girl, you know, seeing that what her mom was going through.

Her mom lost her job.

And it's her fault.

Her TJ Maxx girls fault.

Yeah.

Wow.

And that's when she's like, I need to go, mom, I need to go.

Go, go, go, go where?

She, out of the house, she needs to, she needs to help her mom.

Oh, out of the house.

She needs to find that skunk.

That'll help her mom finding the skunk.

To what end?

Revenge?

Revenge.

She needs to kill that skunk.

Oh, and that'll help her mom get her job back or just help with closure.

It'll help her.

It'll help with both.

OK.

And her mom says, go, go kill that skunk.

OK.

So has she filled her mom in on the fact that the skunk came in through her window?

So like, did she say I'm culpable?

Yes, she did.

Did I leave that out?

You did leave that part out.

Yeah.

Did it come in?

Did the skunk open the window itself?

Did the girl know if it was her fault?

The TJ Maxx girl knew it was her fault because she left that window open.

Why did she leave the window open?

Was she like smoking a cigarette and she didn't want her mom to know that she was smoking?

She was just hot and she wanted a breeze.

Had she been told to be careful of critters coming in?

Did she know there was a possibility?

Yeah, she.

I'm getting emotional, too.

So it's an emotional story.

It really is.

Was this the first day they lived in this house and there was no way to know that a critter could come in through the window like this?

You know, I don't, I'm going to have to check in with the headquarters on that.

But I think from what I can tell, you know, she was, she did not realize that that was going to be as big a risk as it was.

And I don't think she realized leaving that window and it was going to cost her mom her job.

So she goes, she runs out of the house and she's on, she has her shoes that have the little wheels on the bottom of them.

Wheelie shoes.

Oh, okay.

Yeah.

What do they call those?

The rollies or skates?

Skates.

Oh, no, you're thinking of the roller skates.

No, skates.

Skates, guys.

They're not roller skates.

These are the, these are the ones with the hidden wheels.

Exactly.

You can activate if you, if you tilt your, if you tilt your, if you tilt your, if you tilt your shoe a certain way.

Right.

So she gets on those and she, she rides away and they have.

What happened to her?

Razor scooter.

She, she left it on the lawn.

She was so overwhelmed.

Oh, okay.

She was also like, I need to go real fast.

So she had a backup.

She had these wheelie shoes on.

Shitter, wheelie shoes.

Yeah.

And she sees her, her boyfriend's truck has crashed into a tree.

Oh, and she goes running over to him and he's covered in blood and he's like, is that my TJ Max girl?

And she's like, it's me.

Are you okay?

He's like, he's like, no, I, I was driving and I saw this skunk in the middle of the road and I didn't want to hit it because I know how much you care about aminal rights.

And she's like, I do care about animals and he's in.

So you just take an aminal.

So she's like, she's like, well, you should have just hit that, that little aminal.

I don't care.

And he said, well, I would never do that.

I know, I know how serious you are about aminal rights.

And then all of a sudden she, she sees it.

She sees the skunk.

The skunk.

Oh.

And she grabs, she grabs the gun out of her boyfriend's glove box.

He was carrying?

Yeah.

South Carolina.

Permitage.

Is he a veteran?

He's just, he can't be at the VFW at seven if he is.

Yeah.

He's just a man with a gun, a young man with a gun.

A good guy with a gun?

Yeah.

Good guy with a gun.

A guy with multiple guns, but just had his one with him that day.

Okay.

And this is in the glove compartment or he's, it's on his hip or?

It's in the glove compartment.

Okay.

Hidden.

But he has a holster, but he just, when he drives, he puts it in the glove box because it's uncomfortable.

Sure.

Okay.

So she grabs the, she knew was in there.

So she grabs it and she turns to skunk and she says, don't move aminal in.

Bam.

She shoots.

She shoots this gunk dead.

And she, does she hit it with all three shots or did she miss with two and hit with one or she hit with two?

Well, that's, I mean, those are, that's a pretty good, uh, she'd been practicing.

R.T.J.

Max girl had been practicing.

And that's when she saw it in the little squirrels paw.

TJ Max gift card.

What?

Twist.

The squirrel had been trying to get, I mean, the skunk trying to get, I've been trying to give her that card the whole time.

That's why the squirrel, I mean, skunk went into the house in the first place is to try to give her.

Yep.

A TJ Max gift card to hand it over.

How did that make the TJ Max girl feel?

She was devastated.

She thought that he was a foe, but really he was a friend.

Wow.

It messed her up so bad.

What happened to her?

Yeah, after that, did the mom get the job back or?

No, none of it worked.

None of it helped.

What happened to the mom?

Did she just, was that the end of her life or?

Well, the TJ Max girl just needed to provide for her.

Oh, so what did she end up doing?

So she moves to the big city, even New York City, to start a new, get away from that town, get away from that energy.

She still has to provide for her mother though.

So she sends checks home.

Okay.

And then one night she hears at the window, wow.

Now in New York, that would be like rats or something.

It was a skunk.

It's the same that I thought the skunk was dead.

He said, I am the previous skunk's brother.

Whoa, identical twin.

And identical twin.

Amazing.

And he's talking?

But yes, they talk.

I guess I've skipped over the whole really amazing part of it.

I thought the twin part was amazing, but the fact that the skunk is talking.

And then bam, bam, she she'd soon dead.

Why?

She was so guilty about the other one.

It was fear.

Well, New York is a scary city.

I don't know if Kyle or Jerome, if you've ever been to New York City, but you're constantly on edge there.

I ride my motorcycle around New York all the time with, you know, my lights off, head on fire.

Head on fire.

Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait.

What?

No, she has to continue her thing.

No, no, no.

I think I think you may have just admitted you're a ghost writer.

No.

Are you a ghost writer?

Is that what?

Is this a meeting of a bunch of ghost writers?

Yes, we are ghost writers.

Wow.

We all died in a motorcycle accident and then sold your souls to Satan.

Yes.

To stay alive and keep having our meeting.

So why do you for president?

Yeah.

Why do you want Kanye?

Because is he a ghost writer?

No, Kanye is not a ghost writer, but that's who the devil is endorsing.

And unfortunately I have to do it with him.

Oh, this is how it's understanding.

I get it.

I'm being punished right now.

I can't have any more red meat.

Oh, okay.

I'm sorry for judging you now.

I feel like you were doing the whole time when you I was totally judging you, but you were under a lot of pressure that I should have been more sympathetic to.

Come on.

Kyle.

Well, Trish, yeah, this is what I mean.

I just wanted y'all to get a window into the TJ Maxx girl.

Well, we got that.

That harrowing detail.

Can I ask a question about the TJ Maxx girl?

This story that you told is, is, is this something that happened to you?

Yeah.

That's funny that you think that, um, yeah, I actually am the TJ Maxx girl.

I thought so.

We're like two mirrors here, letting you know that the TJ Maxx girl is you.

I'm one of the mirrors in case you weren't.

I didn't see you earlier.

I actually didn't see you this whole time because you're so low.

Yeah.

I mean, I'm trying to do a better for the mirror.

Yeah.

He's been trying to show the celery stock down his throat for the last.

I'm failing as both a guest and a mirror.

Well, the, I mean, that's a terrible story, but I don't know that it's applicable to every single person who shops at TJ Maxx.

I think it absolutely is.

I think everyone has had trauma.

Everyone has gone through something with a terrible animal and there.

So people, when they go into TJ Maxx and they think, oh, well, maybe I should buy this, um, you know, this big comforter that says peace in that font that we were just talking about.

Vergotta.

When they buy a comforter that says that or some matching pillows that say our nest, you know, they're thinking about, oh, when they're thinking about, oh, when they're thinking I was attacked by a him and all, um, I could have died and thankfully I made it through that and now it's time to spend money at TJ Maxx.

Okay.

Well, I guess that makes sense.

By the way, so when she, when the TJ Maxx girl, she, she, she shoots the brother, brother skunk, she sees in his little fanny pack to TJ Maxx.

Two TJ Maxx cards.

In his fanny pack.

Two.

Okay.

Well, we have to take a break if that's okay.

I want to, I want to really drill down on this, uh, uh, when we come back and then, uh, also Jerome, uh, buke thought.

Yeah, that's correct.

Luca.

I mean, we have barely scratched the surface of you being a ghost writer and Kyle, if you're a ghost writer, I need to know right now because we cannot have any mid show twists like this again.

I think that's, that's actually what I play in love birds now that now, now, now I'm right.

That's what I do in love birds.

That's what it is.

You're wearing the ghost writer mask.

Okay.

We're going to take a break.

We will come right back with Kyle Bournimer, Trish Maxwell and Jerome buke that will be right back with her comedy bang.

After this, comedy bang, bang, bang, bang.

We are back.

We have Kyle Bournimer of Avenue five and, uh, the lovebirds and, uh, spin off of the lovebirds, your character, maybe in his own movie.

I mean, he could hang out with someone funny too.

I'm filming you right now.

That's what this is.

Oh, we're all in.

We're all number one on the call sheet in this one.

Oh, I love that.

Sharon number one.

We also have Trish Maxwell.

She is a marketer for TJ Maxx.

Yeah.

Hello.

No, we said hello to you before.

You don't need to say hello every time I mention you.

Hello.

Thank you for having me.

My pleasure.

Um, and then, uh, we also have Jerome buke that that's correct who, uh, build himself as a vegetarian, but should have built himself as a ghost writer because I think personally, that's the most interesting thing about you.

Although you may be wanting to get away from that.

Are you saying that vegetarians are not interesting people?

Well, I mean, you came on the show and you see more like a Kanye West supporter than you sound like a vegetarian.

And then I come to find out that all of these meetups that you have, these meetings with the, the, the meaty boys.

What are you, the meaties?

The meat heads.

Also, I wanted to say that we buy our frames when we give out our, uh, awards, our superlatives.

We buy our frames at TJ Maxx.

Blessings.

Good to know.

And not the most interesting thing about you.

I mean, uh, the meat heads, you should be called like the local chapter of the ghost writers because you're, you're riding around heads on fire with all your lights off.

We're not allowed to say that at the VFW because I mean, I can, I can only imagine that these, these veterans are being kicked out because you're all a supernatural presence.

Yeah, but then they come back at a 45 with guns and that's the one thing that can.

Why don't they come with guns?

If they know a bunch of ghost writers are going to interrupting.

It's about respect.

You want to need an even playing field.

Yeah.

But you, all you ghost writers have like these long chains that you like swing around.

They're all like fiery and don't you?

I mean, we don't come with those.

Not to the meat heads.

Not to the meeting.

What do you come with?

Our brains ourselves, our, our energy, our time where we're ready to display a new commercial to the group.

We're ready to give out a superlative that we've nicely framed with the T G Mac, TJ Maxx brand frame.

Have you ever won one of these superlatives?

I have.

What have you won?

Best vegetarian.

But you're the only one.

I'm the best at it.

I won forever young at heart.

So.

Oh, you did.

It's, you know, I, I have to say, Trish, you don't seem young at heart.

You seem like you aged in the trauma that occurred in your life.

You suddenly had to grow up very, very fast.

This was before the skunk incident.

Oh, how many days before?

Week.

Seven days before.

Yeah.

And you were forever young at heart.

And then suddenly that tragedy happened.

I'll never be the same.

I'm sorry.

Did you tear up the award?

No, I kept it.

I actually framed it in a TJ Maxx frame.

And every year I go and I put it on the graves of the little, the skunks.

And then you take it back.

And then I take a picture and then I take it back.

And then I frame the picture.

Seems like one picture would do it.

No, every year.

You don't need to constantly be taking a note.

Like is anything changing?

Just I would imagine more graves popping up next to it.

There's more weeds and yeah, more graves, more skunk graves.

I don't mean to be a born hammer bummer, but are you ever afraid that the child of one of the, either the brother or the brother's brother is kind of laying for you and kind of laying and waiting for this?

I mean, this is kind of like the origin of Batman, but it could be, you know, skunk man where basically skunk man saw his parents murdered.

In this case, it's the identical twin fathers.

And, and, you know, says that criminals are superstitious and cowardly lots and then vows to become a skunk.

I want to say every day I'm scared of that.

Every day I know that one of their youngsters is coming for me and someday I'm in a turn I'm going to see an animal and it's going to kill me.

And I still fight for animal rights despite all of that.

And I love, I do love skunks and I do love TJ Maxx.

And so pray for me, I guess is what I'm here to get all your listeners to pray for me.

I would think that someone who is so afraid of skunks wouldn't have a stuffed skunk right behind you like that.

I mean, it's so weird that you're displaying a stuffed skunk right behind you.

Oh wait, is that a stuffed skunk?

Oh my God.

There's been a skunk.

I didn't know that that was there.

Right behind you this entire time.

I just assumed it was right in the story.

What do I do?

Is this is not your skunk?

This is not your, this is not a stuff.

This is a life.

Bam.

Oh geez.

Oh God.

Oh my God.

It's still moving.

Bam.

Why are you saying bam while you're shooting?

Don't you ever come back?

You am a no.

I have a superlative for you.

Best skunk killer.

Wow.

I mean, you've killed, I've killed zero skunks in my life and you've killed one before my very eyes.

And then if your tale is to be believed to previous, oh my gosh y'all.

You guys won't believe this.

I just found in his gene pocket for TJ Maxx card.

Oh, for like one for each of us?

Yeah.

It seems like these are doubling each time.

I thought that you were just adding one, but it seems like they're actually doubling.

So next time you kill a skunk, it'll be eight, then 16 and 32, then 64, 128.

I mean, we're $400 for us to use a TJ.

In any way we want.

We could get.

How do we want to split this up?

I mean, we all are sharing number one on the call sheet.

So it seems like it would be equal or maybe I get more just because, you know, I brought you all together.

No.

Oh, no.

Or we get maybe it's 400 split three ways because I'm assuming you have like an employee discount.

Yeah.

No, they don't give me any perks.

I don't even get a meal, you know.

Do you officially work for them?

Don't serve food.

Why would they give you a meal?

I don't even get a daff meal.

It's just tragic.

You could buy a white chocolate covered pretzels.

TJ Maxx.

Yeah.

You could buy popcorn.

Most of the food.

Yeah.

In novelty tins though.

Yeah.

It's very old food that's been in cans or plastic for a long time.

Stuff that keeps.

You're not doing your job as a marketer right now.

And your sound disgusting.

But for me, you guys, I just want to go to TJ and I want them to cook us a pasta meal before I start.

You don't cook things there.

But that's what they should do.

That's what all companies should do.

Give you a staff meal, you know, like they do at restaurants.

This is what happens in restaurants.

Yes.

It seems like you've worked in restaurants more than you've worked in.

I mean, in show business, we get meals.

So she might be honest.

I mean, there could be more companies that feed their employees.

Absolutely.

Especially for a big company that's, you know, taking advantage of its workers all the time like TJ Maxx, they should absolutely.

They take advantage of you?

Well, they don't pay everyone very well and you don't get benefits.

What do you think you should be paid and what do you actually get paid?

I get, I make 10,000 for every four years that I work there.

And I haven't made it to my four year cut.

So I don't get the money.

You only make $2,500 a year?

Yes.

So that's why I'm just saying I don't want to eat canned popcorn.

I would love a pasta meal.

I got to say Jerome, bucathat, that sounds kind of criminal.

It sounds like something that maybe the spirit of vengeance would take upon itself to right or wrong here.

Are they playing any commercials that you don't like?

Perhaps because that's when we could come in and wait a minute.

You're just the ghostwriter division that covers commercials that people don't like?

Yeah, basically 80s commercials that don't bring positive nostalgia.

Is anything like that happening?

Trish, I don't know.

It sounds so specific, but then again, you've been the queen of specifics at this point.

We're not the only dead people's guy.

Well, not every dead person is a ghostwriter.

Wait, or are they?

Yes, they are.

Are you crazy?

Yes.

Do you have any dead relatives?

What a wonderful question to bring up.

I'm sorry.

Shall I name them all?

And then he'll tell you if there's ghost if they're ghost writers, if they became ghost writers.

But somebody old that you don't really care about, not somebody that really made you say.

It's a fun game.

I don't know that this is true.

Everyone thinking they're least loved dead loved one.

And then name them public and name their public.

They don't have.

Oh, they won't know.

Did your mom make it's Trish?

Did she or?

No, no, she's gone.

Even though you were sending checks back.

I mean, the checks weren't very big.

The checks were too small.

Honestly, I have the police looking.

There's an investigation.

Well, it's the FBI now.

The FBI is looking into her death.

When federal.

Yeah, because they don't know how she died.

Well, that doesn't automatically make it a federal case.

If there's people have insulted her whole body was covered in little paw prints.

Okay, again, not federal.

Sounds like a local crime.

Stunk like crazy in the house.

Sure.

Sounds like a skunk.

Sure.

Go ahead.

And we all said, who could have done something like this?

Right.

Not sure why the federal government got involved.

Go ahead.

So I called up the FBI.

And I said, this is my history with aminals.

Do you think that there is any connection?

And they said, well, we're going to look into it.

Was this person in the FBI chuckling or laughing as they hung up the phone?

There was a lot of snorted sounds.

But I knew I'd gotten through.

So the answer is she didn't make it.

So is she with the ghost riders?

Yeah.

Have you ever said what was your mom's name?

Trish.

Her name was.

Mitch.

Big.

Do you know Mitch?

I do know Mitch.

She's with us.

She brings lovely tea cakes to every meeting.

I unfortunately can't have any right now.

Why is that?

Oh, wait.

What's wrong with tea cakes?

They always have meat in them.

Oh, mean meat cake meat tea cake.

So magic tea sandwiches.

Has she ever mentioned Trish here?

Like, do you have any message that Mitch could you want to pass on to Trish over here for her dear departed door?

I guess least favorite relative.

You know, come to think of it.

She always every time she presents people with tea sandwiches.

She always goes and enjoy this.

Eat this good because some people are ungrateful.

And I go, what is that about?

What is that all about?

You weird as hell, Mitch.

That rings true for me.

You were way to ask Mitch.

Cuz she actually, you know, she calls the.

You're gonna ask Mitch.

I was always like, Mitch, please.

I can't.

But she would try to get me to eat those little tea cakes that were full of meat.

And I stupidly I turn them down and now I would kill for one because I'm starving in T.J.

Max.

If they try to.

I thought it was going to be about reconnecting with your mother.

You're just starving.

Well, I gosh, I guess there's no crime for you to avenge.

Jerome, book that.

That's correct.

Book that.

And no crime for you to avenge Kyle.

I know you were talking about the equalizer earlier.

You could, you know, sounds like you're interested in maybe writing some wrongs out there.

I wanted to, but I'm so slouched in this chair.

I don't think I could get up to, to avenge anything.

Yeah, it's almost night, night time for you.

You're so I might just stay in this closet and your son is just gonna find you in the morning passed out in his closet.

Oh, no, dad's here again.

Dad's doing another podcast.

Well look guys, this is a sad tale for all involved.

Although Jerome, book of that, you seem generally happy about everything, including beating up veterans.

Absolutely.

But we're running out of time.

We just have time for one final feature on the show and that's a little something called plugs.

Oh, yeah, that was Scott is not my dad.

My sister city, thanks to sister city for that wonderful plug theme.

All right, Kyle, what are we plugging?

It sounds like you have two projects that are still streamable that are not in the two distant rear view.

Let's go with a plugging nose Avenue five and the lovebirds.

Yeah, they're both anything else.

Anything else that people.

There probably is there isn't there.

It seems like you worked a lot.

It seems like there'd be something.

What else is out there?

Brooklyn nine nine.

I pop up as Teddy on on Brooklyn nine nine from time to time.

Wonderful.

And Jerome book of that.

What are spelled bucket hat if anyone is looking if anyone has need of the services of a ghost writer who only writes the wrongs of 80s television commercials.

Yes.

Anything you want to plug?

Yeah, I'd like to plug Kanye West in 2020.

Okay, it's not going to happen.

I mean, he, I mean, what I mean to say is he's he's not even on the ballot.

He's never going to make it into the presidency.

I mean, the other thing might happen, but tomato potato.

Let's call the whole thing on.

Okay.

Is that how you guys end every meeting?

Yeah.

Now let's ride with our lights off and our schools of plays.

We also end every meeting by watching by listening to the flagra ones on Patreon hosted by like, Carl Tar Hays, Dev important Sean Clement of Hollywood, handbook fame.

And they dropped the act on that show.

I don't know what you're talking about.

I mean, the whole, their whole deal, you know what I mean?

Their whole stick.

Do they drop it on that show?

And are they just themselves?

You know, I still can't tell.

I also, yeah, watch Brooklyn nine nine season five.

We plug in that.

Sure.

Why is it?

I had a friend who wrote on it.

Oh, okay.

Trish Maxwell, anything to plug?

I'm just a one pillow at TJ Maxx.

That's in that, that beautiful font, that wedding font.

And it says, L I L Y Y L Y. Why?

Why? L I L Y L Y Y I L Y L Y L Y L Y L. Why?

Why I L. Why?

Lai Lui.

Lily Lolly.

Lily.

Ealy.

And it is.

It's not Lily.

It's Lily.

It's Lily E. Ealy.

A really long pillow that you can put at the, you know, all your other pillows.

Yeah, exactly.

A lot of fun.

Okay, wonderful.

I want to plug, look, if you're a member of the television academy, you know, a lot of people in show business listen to this.

I believe voting for the Emmys is up.

Hey, Kyle, you going to vote for, are you a member of the television academy?

I don't think so.

Oh, man, you're no good to me.

All right.

Well, if you are a member, vote for between two ferns.

Ah, I'm going to vote anyway.

Okay, yeah, please do.

At least tell your neighbor.

You live in show business land.

I'm sure like your neighbors are in the television.

I'll shout out the door.

I'll say if anyone's voting, do the one for the ferns show.

Please.

And while you're at it, go ahead and watch the between two ferns movie that's on Netflix.

All right, let's close up the old plug bag.

You start with a C when you want to close it up.

You lead with an L and then you.

Oh, Okay, guys.

I want to thank you for your support.

Okay, guys, I want to thank you so much, Kyle.

Always great to see you.

And you know, at this point, we are just seeing the top of your head and 14 chins.

Um, Jerome, bouquefat.

That's correct.

I told you I would give you a warning.

It is six 12 at this.

Oh my gosh.

Oh my God.

Your skin melted off of your skull.

All right, we'll see you next time.

Thanks.

Bye.
