---
layout: page
title: 671. Patton Oswalt, Mike O'Brien, Mary Sohn [https：⧸⧸cloudfront.wolfpub.io⧸CBB-671-20200814-PattonSohnOBrien-ACv03-PW.mp3].mp3.wav
category: cbb 
---

♪♪♪ Rub my belly for luck!

Go a little lower and we'll fuck.

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

Oh, our guest just about did a spit take.

It took an in-opportun sip of water, right?

What I said, the catchphrase submission.

Thank you to 2D butt, 2D butt for that wonderful catchphrase submission.

And welcome to Comedy Bang Bang for another week.

Last day of Augie Doggy, an Augie Doggy to remember Augie Doggy 2020, one of the best months of all of our lives.

And welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

We have a very exciting show.

Coming up first, we have three participants in what I like to call a television program.

And then coming up a little later in the show, we have a couple of Thespians.

That'll be very exciting to talk to some people who tread the boards, as the immortal Bard once said.

He should call himself the Immortal Board because he tread the boards.

But, you know, that was his mistake.

Shakespeare, you're done fucked up.

But let's get to our first guest.

I'm Scott Ockermann, by the way, I'm your host.

And make it our way through 2020 and just a few scant months ahead of us.

But let's talk to our first guests.

They are the aforementioned participants in the television show, which is called AP Bio.

And the third season of which premieres on Peacock this Thursday, all eight episodes available at once for YouTube binge watch.

If you're into binge watching, I, of course, like to purge watch things.

I watch the purge.

But you can do that this Thursday.

Please welcome creator Michael Bryan and stars Pat Naswald and Mary Sown.

Hello, guys.

Hey, Scott.

Hi.

Mary, you just did something physical.

But now you said hello.

OK, thank you.

This is an audio medium.

You can't just wave your hands.

What do you call that move, by the way?

It almost seemed like reverse karate chops.

And that's not, that's not, that's not me.

That's literally what the hands were doing.

I'm not putting anything on that.

Let's go from the top on this.

Wow, comedy, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang.

Oh, man, I love the way you sing that mic.

I think, I think the fact that you use the term karate chops, like you were.

How else would you?

How else would you describe this?

I mean, you could call it a tomahawk chop, but that's not even, that's not better.

Oh, there's no way out of this hole.

There's no way to, I guess, I guess a robot.

Is that what is that offensive to robots suddenly?

Oh boy, I've done it.

I'm canceled.

Welcome to the show, guys.

Welcome back to the show.

Patton, you've been on the show before.

Yes.

Hang on.

I just got a text from my daughter.

She locked herself out on the front porch.

So talk to Mike and Mary.

I'm back in two seconds.

Okay, wow.

I have never heard that particular excuse for exiting a podcast before, but that's definitely a poop.

Yeah.

Well, Mike and Mary, so good to see you guys.

AP bio this Thursday.

Mike, you are the creator.

Is that safe to say?

Do you have created by credit?

Yes.

We've gone through all the lawyers and everything, and it's safe to say now.

Yeah, okay.

There was some sort of issue beforehand.

Did Fast Times at Richmont High get a hold of you?

Or what exactly was the issue?

What I got asked this week was how much I had borrowed from Cameron Diaz's bad teacher, which I haven't seen.

So I was kidding, but I'm aware that Diaz's people may be coming at me at some point.

Well, even though you haven't seen it, it's safe to say she was a pretty bad teacher.

And you could just extrapolate from there and create AP bio, right?

Yeah, you see the poster.

You're like, oh, okay.

So maybe a teacher's not so good.

And then they're like, it's a revolutionary idea when you think about it.

Because we're used to things like dead poet society where as far as I'm concerned, that's one of the best teachers.

Well, I mean, didn't one of the guys hang himself?

Oh, God, that's true.

Or did he get himself out of a window?

He did something.

Yeah, he certainly did something.

So and really it was a smallish classroom.

There was maybe only 16 students.

So that's a really high ratio for dead students.

You could say most students killed themselves.

So a bad teacher.

Okay.

Yeah.

So you're a bad teacher.

And then you have Cameron Diaz as the second bad teacher, but who are some good teachers in in cinematic history or television history?

I'll take it either.

Well, I mean, you know, obviously Gabe Cotter.

Yes.

Is the gold standard, which now I just saw him.

He's he's a poker champion now.

He is a poker champion and poker commenter commentator.

And I think actually ended up.

He was almost like a Jennifer Tilly situation where he ended up making way more money.

Playing poker than he did acting.

He's like, Hey, I'm just going to play poker.

This is awesome, which is such an ironic because it's the kind of thing that he would probably warn his students against.

Yes, exactly.

Interesting.

Does anyone know who we're talking about?

I wonder.

Patton, are you and I the oldest people in the world?

We are.

We really are.

We're going to be dropping some hazel references any second now.

And when I talk about the Goldbergs, I mean the original Jewish that come from 1948.

That's what I'm talking about.

So Mike, you this is the third season of app bio and take us through spoilers on.

Go ahead.

Just take us through everything that happened in the first two seasons.

So the biggest thing that I feel like I'm always budding against is that we try.

We're trying to make a non serialized show, which nobody wants anymore.

So these are stand these are standalone episodes.

You can watch one and go.

That was funny and turn it off and not have this itch in the back of your mind of like, What happens next?

What happens next?

Yeah.

And what were they talking about the whole time?

I haven't watched the 24 before it.

So yeah, it's, it's, we try to dig deeper into the characters each season, but it doesn't exactly have the like, this is the season where they all do this or that and there's a big change or anything.

The main character.

What do they do?

The main character is a failed Harvard professor who's bitter and he moves home to his home town of Toledo, Ohio.

And he, this is all camera.

And he picks up a job, lives in his dead mom's apartment, picks up a job teaching high school as an AP bio teacher.

And in the pilot, he realizes he'd be better off to just use these kids to exact revenge on his enemies as opposed to teaching them anything.

And the principal played by Pat Nazwald, kind of, he doesn't know that detail, but he's in on letting Jack played by Glenn Howard and get away with a lot because it looks good for a school to have a former Harvard professor on its website.

And they also become friends and Jack also slowly becomes friends with the other teachers played by Mary Stone and company and eventually gross really like the kids and bond with them, but not teach them biology.

So, what takes longer watching the first two seasons or listening to you describe this?

You know, you pushed and pushed.

I'm like, do we do bit answers?

Do we want my IMDB freaking care back?

It sounds fascinating.

I got to catch up with the show.

Mary, you play the character.

I figure if I pause long enough, you'll jump in.

Oh, yeah.

I just didn't want to blast through with my audio.

I wanted to see how long your air would hold up.

That's actually a good test for COVID.

See how long you can keep your hair.

Oh, okay.

We're sending someone over.

Oh, thank you.

I play the character name.

Mary.

And was this written for you or did they change your name once you were cast or was it just serendipity?

You know, I would say I credit myself as a co-creator kind of.

Oh, yeah.

Mike was always coming to me like, I don't know if he should be a nice teacher or me.

I'm like, go with a bad one, bad teacher.

And so I think he just kind of threw me a bone, you know.

Nice.

And you guys used to know each other back in Chicago, did you not?

We did indeed.

We toured in a second city touring company together for a little under a year.

We were in a van together about 364 days.

It sounds like it was like eight months.

Oh, okay.

I'm not doing great at this.

Pop that IMDB up.

I am like, you're giving all real answers, which I really respect.

I usually do like a perverted janitor or whatever.

And this is the first time I've had this.

No offense.

It sounds like you resent the fact that we have a third season of our show.

Like, your whole tone is like, I don't know.

We just think they wanted more.

We did more.

Right.

A lot of people signed these.

They signed these contracts thinking, wow, look at all this money.

And then come the third year, they're like, why the fuck did I do?

I could be doing anything else.

Anything that was supposed to write.

How many seasons are this?

How many seasons are you going to do?

I genuinely, I don't know if it's- Oh, you're being genuine.

Where you're allowed to be sincere and genuine, but I would love to do some more.

And then we were like, let's all be honest with each other when we're like, God, please cancel us.

Because I've been a part of projects where you say that.

Was that Saturday Night Live?

Yes.

Please cancel us.

Please.

We've done it.

We've done a game show or two.

We proved our point.

But then that Cheeto and Chief comes around and is like, you've got to not win beneath our wings.

Can I just step in for a second?

I'm sorry.

Please, I'm begging you.

I'm really, really quick.

Just, I just got to say, I really, really love after the first two seasons we had on the show, which were funny, but they were still going, you could sense the, how far can we take this?

And season three is where they went.

Oh, we can actually do.

There's an episode that plays with time and plays not just with the time of the show, but with how TV shows do like previously on or coming up next.

That is so, it feels like someone is playing a prank on the network.

I love that episode so much.

And then there's another one where basically Jack is driven into psychosis for lack of sleep that is so well written.

And the episode is called This, This, This for a very specific reason.

And it is, I mean, I laugh.

And I read the stress, but that one, like I called one of them, like, I cannot wait to see how they shoot this.

This is going to be so fun to watch.

But you didn't call Mike up like, Hey, thanks for writing such a great, no, because you know, why?

Because he's, well, I don't think a guy for doing the job he's supposed to be doing.

Yeah, he's below the line.

I mean, yeah, you want to encourage a guy who's about to do a job.

That sounds amazing.

All right, you're sort of playing with structure this season, Mike.

Yeah, a little bit more.

We were debating how often to do that, but I think and and we didn't like twice per season.

Well, what have been three if it wasn't for COVID or kind of four, there's it depending on how you look at it.

But yeah, a little, a little under half.

And then there were two written that we didn't get to shoot.

It's a lot of math.

Because of the China thing, but yeah.

Oh, whoa, whoa, whoa.

Oh, I'm sorry.

Where did it come from?

Trying to remember.

Mary has it's just about to click leave media.

And I'm joining her.

By the way, that's not just her.

I'm joining her.

It's true.

If I could figure out how to do that, I'd be gone.

So you there are eight episodes coming out this Thursday.

You were going to make 10 was you know, it's funny is you were able to complete all eight.

It doesn't just end like seven and a half in.

It was really close to that.

The last day, Pat and you were shooting with Paula Pell, right?

Yes, I was.

And it was very touch and go.

There's a lot of meetings at one point halfway through the day.

Someone came through and removed all the doorknobs.

Yes.

Just like so you can push things open with your elbow.

We were like, maybe that is it.

It was like, like in the scenes, there are no doorknobs in the in the final episode.

Well, in this on the sets, like moving around the set to go from holding or whatever you could push them all.

That was like an hour before we shut the whole thing down.

But there's a weird panicky.

It was tense and we just kept saying if we can get to like 9 p.m. we have eight episodes and we don't.

We have six because we block shoot.

So we're showing some of.

Yeah.

Wow.

So but you got to eight.

You you endangered everyone's health.

That's right.

And actually we have eight and a half and the ninth episode halfway through, we cut to a lab and a guy like drops a beaker and just looks and goes, Oh, oh, and then we know we just cut to black.

Eight and a half.

And that reminds me of one of my favorite films.

Nine months, eight and a half weeks with Mickey work and that was a great one.

That was a good one.

Listen, editing.

It could have been eight and a half weeks.

Yeah, exactly.

Little long.

I would have taken speaking a trip though.

Kim base.

Mm hmm.

Mary, you're about to press lead meeting again.

What's happening?

I got damn it.

I got to teach you how to do this.

Well, it's a really great show.

It's no secret to you guys that I'm a fan and that I asked you guys to be on.

And little did I know Mike, you would be so clinical and all your answers.

I don't know whether it's the time of day, the fact that or like, does your brain just kind of like shut down all of your bid energy after three or what exactly happens?

Yeah, great question.

Thank you, Scott.

So I guess, you know what, I feel like you haven't watched AP Bio and I haven't listened to a lot of comedy bang bang and I didn't know that US genuine questions and then we're supposed to give like French clowning answers.

I don't get how this works.

You don't understand how it works.

Okay.

That's okay.

You can listen to other episodes in between the next time you're on in Scott's defense in the with the zoom link they sent us the sentence name of three Jacques Taty films to get ready.

Yeah, I hope that you prepared.

Please, I tell you, I got that Jacques Taty box at the criteria and put out and I could not look at it less often.

It's just one of those things I think I bought because I was like, yeah, I want to be smart.

This will look good on my shelf.

Yeah.

And I just have never cracked it open, unfortunately.

Oh, that the rap still on it.

Yeah, exactly.

Oh, my favorite teachers growing up, I think one of the most inspiring ones was a freshman and English teacher in college who kind of just blew the lid off like what is possible and what is literature and what is pros.

And his name is Jeff Bancowski and that's a real answer I'm going to also fucking force in here.

Where exactly was that?

Which, where did you grow up Mike?

I want to hear everything about you.

I was I grew up in Zaneville.

Is that what I'm supposed to?

Yeah.

Oh, Zaneville, Michigan.

Okay.

Yeah.

Is that right outside of Detroit?

Where is that?

I was now we're south of Detroit yet.

Okay.

Wonderful.

You hate the real answers, but you asked the.

I got to keep you on your toes.

Got to keep you on your toes.

Mary, it's always great to see you on our screens be they be they big be they small.

You, of course, were in a feature film last year brightening up the silver screen as they call it.

How was it?

What is it like to go from a major motion picture and then segue into a smaller television show like this?

Yeah, thanks so much.

I would have to say the major differences on the set of a film.

We had some meatballs, some loose meatballs and then how are these were these meatballs?

Pretty loose.

I'm talking there was a lot of negative space in between them.

That's not slang.

Okay.

Just want to make sure I'm just imagining a tray with like three meatballs with so much space around them that they could just rattle around in there forever.

There was some rattling there was some rattling.

I believe on that on that feature film, you also were there for about two hours or so.

I would say as opposed to a P by aware, it probably is how long do you shoot?

Let me guess how many days you do per episode.

Okay, great.

Let's see your block shooting.

I would say you're probably.

You're probably doing a lot of your stuff in one day per episode.

I'm going to say one and a half days per episode.

Wow, that's grossly underestimating how many days per episode are we talking five, six?

What are we?

Maybe like four.

Five per episode.

Okay.

And so you think you think that that's under asked you what are you three days?

Four days.

Three to four.

Yeah.

Three to four.

What are they?

What are you?

Are you down to one?

What are you?

We're going to compare now.

We have it now where they just they come into my trailer.

There's a green screen.

They just they move the camera to make it look like I'm walking, which is actually if you've watched Steven's skull films, I think that's what they're doing now.

They literally move the camera to make it look like he's walking.

And they just put different backgrounds.

Wow.

That's the dream.

The set on the show where my office is is so comfy.

The couch is so nice.

And the desk, I actually hang out there and I was just told by one of the students, one of the actors, my students that they've been told not to hang out in there.

I'm like, you can hang out, but I have a very comfy desk.

Okay.

So this is you publicly saying they can hang out.

What do you actually tell the ADs though?

Well, them behind the eyes.

Yeah.

Stay off.

I need you to be the villain in this one.

Okay.

Keep publishing.

They can turn on hang out and then you.

Well, AP Bio is going to be out this Thursday.

And it's on Peacock, which is like a totally new thing.

It used to be on NBC, but now it's on this Peacock thing.

And what is success?

Like Mike, what's it going to take?

Does Peacock call you after the first weekend and say, you're a hit?

Do they call you and say like, we have no idea how many people are watching?

This is all new.

What do they do?

Yeah.

They say, how do you count the people who click in?

I'm like, you guys didn't set anything up?

That's not my job.

It was early on.

There was a lot of that kind of vibe.

They're like, we really don't know.

We really haven't even hired anyone for that area that you're asking about yet.

But now they seem to have their stuff together and everything.

And I can tell because they're being very quiet about it.

So I think they know exactly what they're doing now and will be watching our numbers judgyly.

But they've been great.

Here's the sincere half that you'll hate.

Okay.

Here we go.

Let's count it down.

I'll just I'll do a countdown of 20 in the background or I could do 10.

Here we go.

10.

They've been really great.

They're like minimal notes really letting us do what we want.

Got to get to eat up seven more seconds.

I think it's an exciting platform.

You know, my group is going to be on there.

That'll be fun.

One, you're done.

You're done.

Thank you, man.

I could have done five.

Great.

Magruder.

Yeah.

Yeah, I use like six seconds on Magruder.

Well, I can't wait.

You know, one of my favorite shows now on one of my favorite streaming services.

This is like, you know, you got chocolate in my peanut butter here.

This is amazing, which is a reference to Pat and you and I would get.

I'm not sure about anyone younger than us.

But I'm very excited about it.

Great show.

All the quality of the first two seasons, the budget was in the realm.

It was in the realm.

And I would say, honestly, by far our strongest season.

Wow.

Amazing.

Well, it's a great show.

I cannot wait to see it.

And peacock this Thursday, if you don't have peacock yet, it's as simple as just pressing a couple of buttons on a remote, I think.

And then it comes up or something like that.

It's pretty amazing.

We have to take a break.

My mom write that for you to say, yeah, you hit some buttons on a thing.

And then it's there.

I got a little text from her.

If you don't mind, I've been constantly texting your mom, Pat.

And I want to tell them to get some buttons and get it.

All right.

Well, that's enough of that.

We are going to be right back with more from Pat Naswalt.

And Mike and Mary, I know you guys got to go.

That's OK.

So we'll see you another time.

But when we come back, we'll have a couple of thespians.

Very exciting.

We'll be right back with more comedy, bang, bang after this.

Comedy, bang, bang.

We're back here.

Pat Naswalt is here.

And Mike and Mary had to go.

How do you feel about that, Pat?

And I'm a little bit insulted like that I thought I was also busy, but apparently not so not as busy as those guys.

I guess.

But I'm happy to be here for the duration because that's good.

That's good.

And it gives us room to talk about Agents of Shield and Veronica Mars, all of the stuff you're up to.

Will and Grace, all the shows.

There is not a show that Pat Naswalt is not on.

You're trying to hit them all, right?

Touch them all.

I really am.

I'm basically trying to unlock my version of the Da Vinci Code.

If I can just get an IMB-ly listing of every show going.

I don't want to say what will happen, but it'll be pretty.

There's some sort of boss level, isn't there?

Like some show like Sopranos or something like that?

There is a day player boss level that I'm trying to reach.

Wow.

And I'm damn it, I'm going to do it.

Well, speaking of days, let's bring on our next guests who are alive during the days, as well as nights.

Good segue.

And they are two Thespians.

Pat, did you ever do any theater?

I've never actually, I did a little bit in high school.

But no.

What'd you do?

I did.

Were you the guy in Carousel who came out and said, Carousel?

No, I don't.

That would have been great.

I did Music Man.

I was the little Ron Howard role.

Oh, the guy who's like, what is he saying?

Well, far, go wagon.

It doesn't have a solo.

He sings like something.

Winthorp.

Gary Indiana.

And then Music Man.

I was.

We just mentioned Music Man.

Oh, not Music Man.

Bye-bye Birdie.

Oh, bye-bye Birdie.

Were you Conrad?

No, who's the boyfriend?

I don't know.

I am not that familiar with Bye-bye Birdie.

Oh, I'm blanking.

Okay.

He's the one that like the girl dumps for Birdie.

Oh, is he a come to me later?

Is he a drip and Conrad is cool or?

Yeah, he's a drip and then Conrad.

Although she thinks he's a dream and then when Conrad comes to town, it's like, oh no.

Oh, okay.

Did you get to wear a leather jacket or were you in like a suit jacket?

Sweater and Letterman jacket.

Okay, I want to see pictures of this.

If you can send me pictures, that's all right.

But we do need to get to our next guests.

They are in, I would imagine, assorted theater roles themselves from Adrian Michigan.

Please welcome Bob and Cheryl in Wessex.

Hello, Scott.

Greetings.

Yes.

Hello.

So nice to meet you.

You are a married couple or do you just have the same name Wessex and I joined you together rudely like that in your introduction.

You wouldn't believe how many times we get that.

We have been married for 30 years happily and performing nightly in our own theater here in Adrian for 25.

Well, so you, there was a good five year honeymoon period where you guys were just what?

Enjoying each other's bodies in marital bliss?

What exactly?

You have a very slow chuckle.

Can I just say?

I get a kick out of you, Scott.

Thank you very much.

But if you could compress your chuckling time, I enjoy, look, I love it.

I love the immediate feedback that a laugh brings.

But if you could just like take it down, your chuckle seems to be about five seconds.

If you could take it down to three, that would be okay.

I'll give it a try.

Well, I just now I'm wondering what is the timeframe where a chuckle where we support where then it becomes kind of eerie?

Like what is the cutoff point of that?

That's interesting.

And every thought of that.

It crossed over at five seconds to me.

I agree.

I think I agree.

A little ominous then after five.

Yeah.

I'll give him a three.

Thank you, Scott.

If you need me to count it down, I did that for our previous guest.

Worked out really well.

Yes, I heard that.

And he was a great guest.

I liked his sincere answers.

Fantastic.

Well, I expect no less from the two of you.

You've been married for 30 years.

Sounds to me like 1990 you got married just right before Grunge swept the imagination of America.

You'll play into why you got married at all.

That was about three.

Oh, good.

You have teed us up as two old dusty theater creators.

We love to talk about Grunge.

Thank you, Scott.

You do.

So because 1995 is when you started making theater, that's right.

And you assumed we went to Lala Palooza and drove home and wrote the icy frosty marriage which was our first play.

We did not.

We did not go to Lala Palooza.

We went to see the Iceman Cometh and then kept it ice-based.

Okay.

So the icy frosty marriage was your first theater production and you wrote this?

To us.

We write actually all of our plays and we produce them ourselves as well.

Oh, okay.

So writer, producer, what about director?

You farm that out?

No, sir.

We direct and we do the costumes and all the makeup.

Would you like a sample of icy frosty marriage?

I see frosty marriage.

And this is somewhat inspired by the Iceman Cometh which is another one of those ones that just have never dipped into.

It's so long.

Isn't it like four hours long?

I don't know how many hours.

It's 142 pages.

Okay.

That's a well, okay.

Yeah.

Minute of page.

It's over two hours.

I didn't Kevin Spacey do the Iceman Cometh?

Is that the version you saw?

Yes.

We saw Kevin in Adrian and it was great.

We did miss the Lelpluza for it, as I said, but it was great.

Oh, so you had tickets to Lelpluza, but you said as primers.

You, because it seemed like you were denigrating it earlier, but you actually, it was just, they were on the same night.

Okay.

Yes.

I do want to hear this.

So they got your money.

You're saying.

Perry Farrell got your money, but you picked Iceman Cometh.

That's correct.

Yes.

Perry got my money.

He gave some to Les.

Playpool.

And sure.

I mean, how much we don't know, but yeah, I don't know how much it broke down per ticket price.

And what were tickets back then?

They were probably about $50 or so back in 1995.

100.

Three, two, one.

He took the note.

He truly did.

All right.

The icy, what is it called?

The icy frosty marriage?

Yes.

The icy frosty marriage.

What what scene are we about?

Do we need any kind of a setup to this?

I think it's pretty.

It'll be apparent.

Okay.

Everyone in Adrian, Michigan asked us to do this scene.

It's a bit well known.

Okay.

All right.

Well, let's take it into the national spotlight here on Comedy Bang Bang.

This is a piece from icy frosty marriage by Bob and Sheryl and Wessex.

Take it away, guys.

The door slams.

Your home.

Did you think I wouldn't be waiting for you?

I thought you'd be in the garden.

It's 11 p.m. Stanley.

I got my foot caught.

Otherwise I would have.

How was dinner?

Your breath smells like booze.

And if I hear that your foot is stuck in another thing, that's divorce.

God, I hope it doesn't get caught in another thing then.

Because honey, baby, I want to iron out the wrinkles once and for all.

What?

I didn't kiss that chick.

Then what is this on your collar?

That's lipstick from Harold.

And that's where that scene ends.

Oh, that's where that scene ends.

Wow.

Okay.

Very nice.

Wow.

That was powerful stuff.

Amazing.

What is that the first scene in the play or the last scene or somewhere in the middle?

That's the beginning of Act 4.

Oh, wow.

The beginning of Act 4.

Okay.

Out of how many acts?

Six.

Six acts.

Wow.

That's like a six period.

No intermission.

It's a really to be consumed as one.

Mm.

Well, I mean, you wouldn't take an intermission in the middle of a sandwich, would you?

That's my thoughts, exactly.

Yeah.

How many pages are we talking about?

How many pages is the marriage?

It's like 452 pages.

Whoa.

That's perfect.

Perfect.

But perfect isn't exactly what I was going to say.

I was going to say a little long to, it sounds to be about nine hour long performances.

Is that where it is?

That's about right.

Yes.

Wow.

I would need maybe a snack.

Yeah.

At least some cheese and crackers.

It's like eight primus sets at 1995 La La Palooza.

Yeah.

If you're trying to picture how long we're talking.

Usually primus would only do one set per La La Palooza, right?

Right.

I'm just saying, I'm trying to give a chunk of time people can relate to.

Sure.

Okay.

And so what, so if we're using primus sets to measure this, what song does that scene drop on?

Is that like Jerry was a race car driver?

Yeah.

My name is Mud.

One is that.

Yes.

I would say.

Do that South Park theme in any of the primus sets.

If you're lucky, I suppose I wouldn't know.

I was at Iceman.

You missed it.

It was boring.

Oh, it was.

You didn't like it.

Oh my gosh.

Why are you so inspired to write this show then?

If you hated it, it was that we did a hate right.

Oh, okay.

I heard of hate watching, but it's hate writing.

Oh my gosh.

So, so how is it different than than the Iceman comments?

Because it seems to be mining similar territory of a marriage that's dissolving and falling apart and infidelity.

I would say we just mostly took the name as the inspiration rather than the content.

And I remember that particular summer, we didn't go to Lala Palu's also because it was incredibly hot.

I don't know if you know, in Chicago in the dead of summer, you don't want to be caught there.

Where do you want to be in Iceman's icebox?

Oh, okay.

So you were living in Chicago at the time or you were traveling over from Michigan.

Is that what we're doing a quick trip over there?

The Iceman comments is that's that's the one with the main characters, Hickey, right?

Uh huh.

So who who played him in the version that you saw?

We as we said, we saw it with Spacey.

That was it was Spacey.

Okay.

Yeah.

In Chicago.

Yeah.

Okay.

Yeah.

Was that at the Steppenwolf where exactly was we didn't go to Iceman comments.

What?

What do you want?

Goddamn lawyers.

You didn't go to Iceman.

We had tickets to Iceman comment and we had tickets to Lala Paluza with featuring Primus and Alice in chains and we stayed home and had sex.

Is that what you want?

Yeah.

I don't know why you're lying about it.

Is that what you want?

Yes.

I do.

And then we wrote a play afterwards.

Where did the where did the hate right come from then?

If you didn't have to experience, I think he was lying.

I think he was lying about it.

But there was no okay.

Why were you lying?

Does seem cool?

Yes.

I have heavy guilt about missing Lala Paluza.

And when you say, oh, it's because we were driving to see a famous play.

People are like, well, then that makes sense because Primus killed it and you missed it.

And then when you say, no, we got kind of lazy and we ate a bunch of chicken wings and had sex and wrote a terrible play.

You mean it's a terrible play?

It's terrible.

That's our number one play, Bob.

This is a surprise to you, Sherylin.

You've never discussed this?

No, grilling us and grilling us.

What about the second word of Iceman coming?

We didn't go.

But we had sweaty, panty sex.

Okay.

I'm like heavy breathing, not underwear.

I'm okay.

I'm over that part of it now.

I've actually moved on to the fact that you seem to hate this play that you've written and have been performing for the past 25 years.

I'm stupid in it.

Bob, you are remarkable.

Well, let me ask you this.

Do you hate all of our plays?

I hate my parts.

What are some of your other plays?

Well, Bob, I'm thinking right off the top, my second favorite is from the Women Who Speak Their Mind series.

We did gal, gal, come around gal.

Yes, I like that one as a play.

It hated my performance.

But yes, gal, gal, come around gal was great.

What part did you have in that, Bob?

I was Sally.

You were Sally.

Okay.

You were a lot of two sisters.

So you just don't like your performances.

You think you're a bad actor or you don't like the lines that you have to speak, Bob.

Some of the costumes make me look fat and stupid.

Do you want to see some of gal, gal, come around gal?

Yeah, I do.

Yeah.

Okay.

Were you playing two sisters?

Yes, Scott.

Okay.

Sure.

Love to see you.

Don't get testy with me, Bob.

You're the one who came on this show lying to Pat and I.

Pat and I are here.

You're interested in your life in the whole, the whole first 15 minutes of this has just been a duplicitous charade.

The two things I like are live theater and the truth.

And I feel like both of those are just being.

They often go hand in hand, do they not?

I would say always go hand in hand.

Yes.

So to see these two liars, well, I guess, I don't know that you're a liar, Cheryl.

Please don't bring me in there.

Well, I mean, it's a lying bio mission.

You never said, hey, no, we never did see the Iceman coming.

You never corrected him.

All right.

Anyway, I'd like to.

I'd like to.

You know a lot of prima songs for that napping in your top two things you like.

Did you ever get to see prima?

I still have not.

Are they done?

I don't know.

Nobody knows that.

I'm fairly easy to find out.

Don't you think?

No, I don't know.

Well, never know.

Do you know less clay pool?

Who are the other two people in the band, by the way?

And the other guys, the rest, the old professor and Mary Ann treatment.

Patton, do you know what that means?

I, yes.

You and I are the only ones.

If you make any old references, you don't need to ask.

I know what it means.

Okay.

It's sad.

All right.

Bob is, Cheryl, and let's hear a little bit from gal, gal, come around gal.

Is that what the title was?

Correct.

Oh, I was changing.

I didn't mean to come in like that.

I just barged in looking all fat and stupid.

You don't look fat and stupid, Sally.

I think you look gorgeous.

Mm.

Like what?

What part?

Well, I like the way your stomach looks like it's divided in between those shoelaces.

I think it looks neat.

Like it's blasting out.

I don't.

I think I look fat and stupid.

I would have liked to have a baggy dress.

But that wouldn't suit you.

And you're not stupid.

Look, you've got a book in your left hand.

Well, I was just using that to hit my face every time I say something stupid.

Sally, what if we did this?

What if you put on this gown and you went out there and you got married today?

Oh, you would let me do that with your boyfriend?

What are sisters for?

Thank you.

Mm.

And see.

Oh, okay.

They're not twins, by the way.

Okay.

That's...

No one said they were.

I know.

I'm just saying you must be curious how we tricked the husband.

Yeah.

I didn't think there was a trick part of it.

I just thought that he was explaining to him what was happening.

Yeah.

And he went along with it.

Does this take place early in the play?

And then we see the ramifications of how they get...

Is that the conclusion?

Is it like a two gentlemen of Verona, like, you know, identities?

Not to mention the immortal bar again.

Yes.

It is.

It's kind of like two gentlemen of Verona in a lot of ways.

Having seen that, I would say so for sure.

Hey, hey, hey, hey, stop.

I can tell now.

You have a tell.

You looked up and to the left when you said that.

Oh, damn it.

You didn't see that, did you?

What did you do instead?

We got a pizza and we ate the whole thing.

And then we fell asleep and then we woke up and then we did it doggy style and then we went back to bed.

Sweaty panty sex.

Sweaty panty.

I knew it.

Well, that's going to ask you something.

Yeah.

You write these plays, yes?

Yes.

All of them.

But you hate what you have to say and that you look fat.

It's just a white...

Why do you write characters that make you feel awful about yourself that you hate playing?

It's a good, hard, hard question.

I would say I go into it loving it and then we've been making the costumes and by the time we're done I hate the costumes because we're not very good at that part.

And so always there's a little part of you and it sometimes tends to be the part you're not liking that month that pokes out of the costume somewhere and you don't realize it until opening night and I add some lines about that because I assume everyone's thinking it.

Yeah.

But there seems like you could somehow during the process stop yourself and say, oh, wait a minute, maybe we should hire someone to make these costumes instead of doing something I'm not good at and making myself look fat and jutting my distended belly out for the entire audience to see.

It sounds like you guys are teeing up to Marson back.

I don't exactly know what that means.

What does that mean?

We're catching your drift.

Yes.

You want a little taste of tomorrow's and back 2004's.

Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.

It's not the name of a lawyer.

Tomorrow's and back and associates.

If this is two Mars and back, is that what you're saying?

That's correct.

Yes.

No, not my lawyer's name.

That is the same syllables.

Okay.

So you want to do a section from tomorrow's and back.

Yes.

Okay.

Fantastic.

Jenny, do you think the spaceship will really make it the whole way?

You know it.

I believe.

I believe too.

Oh, my gosh.

What could it be a flying saucer right at me?

Could it be?

Oh, could it be?

I look great in these little pants.

And see.

Oh, that's that's it.

Oh, I can't even applaud.

I was so startled by the.

I thought a song was starting.

Where's your more?

Did you stop that scene mid song?

You know what it is?

That's the kind of game of the play is that we start songs and abruptly stop them.

It keeps the audience on the edge of their seats.

I'm wondering, Bob, why you thought I was teen you up to hear that when we were talking about your fat belly.

Well, okay, fine.

So the song had five more verses originally, and they were all about how the pants were too tight and I feel fat and stupid in them.

And the critics came at us.

And so after the first night, we cut it down to just those few lines where I first say these pants are tight, but it's okay.

And do the critics like anything you do?

How are your reviews?

Well, the critics in Adrian, Michigan, just the the folks that live there, they can't.

They there's more than one.

There's more than one critic.

Do you have a lot of newspapers in Adrian, Michigan?

Yeah.

We've got three right.

Oh, two, three.

Which will list them if you could?

There's the Adrian telegram.

Okay.

Then there's the right wing hatchet.

They're rough.

Oh, really?

They don't like our stuff.

No, theater in general or just your stuff.

I'm impressed.

The right wing paper has a theater critic, though, like that goes out reviews plays.

Yeah, they do.

And then there's the coincidentally named insane clown posse hatchet.

They're both the hatchet.

So you always say, well, which hatchet panned us this time?

Right.

Exactly.

With the insane clown posse started a newspaper in your town of Michigan?

Yes, Southeast Michigan, insane clown posse.

And there's a theater review section in the insane clown posse newspaper.

Both hatchets have full time reviewers.

They're both making over $50,000 a year to just review Adrian Michigan plays.

Yes, I'm sorry.

Does the ICP theater critic, does he show up in the clown makeup?

Like, I would imagine it would make it very easy to know when you're being reviewed.

He's a lot of focus.

He steals a lot of focus.

Do people think that he's part of the show and they're always looking at him?

It's like a load of gun.

Yeah, the other hatchet review is always I wondered when the guy with the makeup would get up and say something and he never did.

All right, look, we have to take a break.

You guys stick around.

I think I find you guys endlessly fascinating if that's OK.

We have to go, Scott.

No, please don't.

Please stay.

OK, please.

You have all these other plays.

I want to hear about them.

OK, we'll be right back with more comedy bang bang after this.

Comedy bang bang we are back.

Patton Oswalt is here of the Virginia Oswald's.

Yes, Virginia Oswald.

The Tidewater Oswald's as we call ourselves.

Speaking of states, we have from the great state of Michigan, we have Bob and Sherrylin Wessex here who are liturgists.

They are dramatists.

They write the book and apparently the music to their plays.

They also make the costumes.

They apply the makeup or do you make the makeup?

We do both.

Oh, we do.

You mix the makeup that you use.

Be it a mixologist.

We find colorful stones and mash them up and get some oils from leaves.

It's not rocket science.

It's makeup science.

I don't think I can do it.

Now, are these all two-person plays or is there a theater community in Adrian, Michigan that you guys draw from?

Well, we don't draw from the community, although it's vibrant.

But it sounds like in order to have so many theater critics working full-time.

Yeah, it's true.

It's a lot of theater.

All making over 50.

When you say over 50,000, 51,000, 52,000, or are we talking 150,000?

A million dollars.

The last time I got drunk with those mean critics and they told me their salaries was two years ago.

So I don't know if it's gone up more.

But do their salaries dwarf you guys' like the nut you make at the end of your productions?

What?

The nut?

Your nut?

What?

The nut.

You're like, what are you making?

Are nuts?

What's our nut?

Yeah, what's your nut?

At the end of the production, we have a nut and you want to know what it is.

Yeah, how much you making?

How much you clearing?

I just don't want to ask that way.

How much money do you make?

Is that clinical enough for you?

Thank you.

Negative, all of it.

Every year.

To answer your question, Patton, one of our plays involved 12 people with two actors, if you will.

Oh, how many of these characters did you play, Bob?

Six.

Oh, so it was a purely even six and six.

Yes.

Okay.

I would say that was our most challenging play, but our most controversial, wouldn't you say that?

Oh, the two don't see.

Yeah, the two don't seem related.

I don't know why you said, but in the middle of it.

I have trouble with words sometimes.

The other day I said, God rest his soul and the person thought I was talking about somebody who had died, but I just meant, God bless their soul.

Oh, I see.

I see.

Did that lead to any kind of like, you know, two gentlemen of Rona style escapades?

Scott, I see what you're trying to do and we're just trying to have a nice night.

Mm.

Bob, this is actually our anniversary today.

Oh, congratulations, guys.

Thank you.

25, no, 30 years.

31.

What's the gift for 30 years?

What's the gift?

For us, it's a tremendously large rock.

I found that I think will be years worth of a.

A rouge.

That's right.

Yeah.

You know, Sheryl, and you should surprise Bob maybe with the primus tickets on one of these wedding anniversary.

Wow, Scott.

Way to ruin the surprise.

Oh, I'm so sorry.

That's what you were.

That's what you got, Bob, this year?

Yes, and I actually did look and primus is not touring anymore.

So I learned their whole canon and I was going to do it for you this evening.

Oh, go.

Please go ahead to go.

I mean, I hate to spoil the surprise, but go ahead and do it right now.

Oh, gosh, but where to even start?

I just learned so many of them.

Please at the beginning, of course, the first album.

Actually, hold on.

Let me, I'm just going to order a burrito if you'd like one as well.

Make it one as large as my head.

Boy, it sounds like you guys are going to get wet and sticky tonight.

Oh, it's going to be sticky.

I know what happens after you guys order out.

We're going to ring your next, Scott, but you're right.

We're going to have sex afterwards.

All right.

So let's hear a selection from Sailing the Seas of Cheese.

This is Sheryl and Wessex doing the music of primus.

Do, do, do, do, do, do.

Oh, no.

We do the play where we were all different parts.

Oh, yeah, I guess.

By the way.

That was actually the beginning of a 90210 theme song.

That's not right.

Oh.

Yeah, I wondered you were just about to clap with those two claps.

Okay.

Maybe you just learned the wrong songs.

Yeah.

What is the show where you played six different parts apiece?

It's called My China Doll.

My China Doll.

Okay.

Interesting.

I'm going to talk about what the characters are going through.

Do some of the characters feel trapped and unable?

A little like the Glass Menagerie.

The, you know, Glass Menagerie reflects the emotional state of the protagonist where she feels like she's always protected and unable to have relationships.

Is that what this is like?

Oh.

Oh, you didn't know that.

That's what that is.

Yeah.

No, this is this one's about a doll.

Someone who brings a doll home from China to her big family.

Oh, and does it?

Okay.

Well, I don't want to spoil it.

Go ahead.

Let's see.

Let's see the scene.

The fuck is this?

The fuck is this little fucking doll?

It's some special and it's not for you.

Well I want to see it.

You get away from it.

You get out of here.

Somebody let me out of this box.

You're never getting out of that box.

Get her out.

Telegram.

Be sweet.

Oh, a telegram.

Hello?

Yes.

It's from the front.

It says send help.

Germans have us cornered stop.

Send help soon.

Stop.

Yeah, that sounds like trouble.

All right.

Let her out of the box.

Yeah.

Granny hands.

No.

Granny.

Job.

Oh, you broke the doll.

The one pretty thing I owned.

I just wanted to have a nice Thanksgiving.

So oh, it's over.

Oh, okay.

Here we go.

Yeah, the reveal at the end is that it's Thanksgiving.

Oh.

Oh, okay.

Do people leave the theater with a sense of clarity regarding that?

Yeah.

Or how does that change?

I mean, why is it a reveal?

Usually, that would be at the beginning.

You know, you see.

How do you hide that it's Thanksgiving the whole time, wouldn't it?

Yeah, it seems like the smell of turkey.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

All those drawings of people's hands that are turned into turkeys everywhere.

Well, for one thing, we do the set design, so we just didn't put those up.

But we say throughout Act 1, what a holiday we're having.

Oh, my gosh, this holiday.

And then at the Act 1 intermission, the guy says, I'll tell you what holiday it is, and the curtains come crashing closed.

How fast do they come crashing closed?

We've had a lot of injuries.

Wait, are you guys doing the curtains as well?

Absolutely.

Oh, hire out guys.

Get some employees.

I mean, look, I love the efficiency.

I love the DIY spirit, but sure, you're keeping costs low.

There's so, yeah, it's such a thing to take it at too far.

Well, you know, when you want it done right, you do it yourself.

Are there?

Yes, but it seems that, yeah, you're very DIY, but it seems that you make costumes that you hate, that you hate wearing that make you angry and that make you add lines and then the curtain hurts you and you're not in the woods banging rocks and leaves together to make makeup.

It just seems a little aggressive to yourselves.

Yeah.

And you don't make any money.

I'm not convinced that you guys should be doing any of this.

Yeah.

Wow.

Are you popular?

Like, as we were like, oh, there's a new one.

They did it again.

Here we go.

We're like, do you have a following or?

Patton, have you been talking to the people of Adrian, Michigan?

I haven't.

I'm just wondering.

Because they show up in droves and yeah, they laugh at times when we're not hoping for a laugh, but oh, I'm sorry.

Speaking of, they might be hate watching it.

And I've seen money exchange hands in the middle of it.

Like there are bets on when a lot of times I'll say, I feel fat and stupid and you see just money exchange all over the place.

People look at their watch and then hand the 20 to the person next to them.

And that and that leads you to believe that what the people are going to do.

This is just information you've picked up.

I worry, I worry that there are bets on when I'll say it and that they're not really losing themselves in the world we've created.

Well, Bob, you keep on changing the dialogue.

I wish you would just trust the text.

I trusted until I looked down and see like my white side squeezing out of a weird hole we both thought was cool to cut into the way you're cutting holes in the sides of all these costumes.

Sometimes yes.

Okay.

All right.

I mean, look, I know that I know you would never do this, but has it ever been have you ever been tempted to go?

Well, I know that they're going.

I know that money is going to be exchanged when I say I feel fat and stupid.

So do you, you could anonymously make bets on yourself and then throwing, yeah.

Yeah.

Sort of like throwing the fight and stupid like, yeah, exactly.

Yeah.

Everybody tempted to do that?

Yeah.

Like anonymously taking on, you're calling the local bookie and figuring out what the odds are on either side of the line.

And then, you know, basically, essentially you'd make more money than doing the theater and you could keep financing future plays.

Yeah.

Yes.

This, I see what all this is.

You brought us on here.

You're asking how much we make in comparison to the rich critics at the hatchets and all that.

And then you're saying, Oh, what if you fix the bets and right if you guys don't make any money, yes, yes, yes.

Is that what?

Yes, what?

Yes.

It's a little rigged.

We're Pete Rose of theater and Adrian.

You are doing it.

Oh my God.

Well, I can't believe you just dropped that.

Oh my God.

Oh, you've been lying to us this whole time.

You don't feel fat stupid.

I do feel fat and stupid.

I just get the over under on when people think I'll say it.

How do you think we've maintained this theater?

The what an incredible con.

Now I respect you guys.

Sometimes it most often nowadays has to be the opening line of the play because people think I'm going to say pretty early.

So I have to just go on fat and stupid seems to be like you get out of the way then people can relax and sort of enjoy the rest of the show.

Yeah.

And I'd like to think they do.

Maybe they do.

I mean, you're saying people are it seems to be something that's bringing Adrian together as a community.

Yeah.

And you guys seem to enjoy each other.

Bob, you don't seem to enjoy the process as much as maybe Sherylin does, but it's kept you guys together for now.

25 of those 30 years you've been married.

It's true.

I'm very happy.

Happily married and all that.

And at least even our worst little turd squeezed out our butt is better than fucking Hamilton.

Whoa.

Oh, okay.

I don't know.

I would.

Easy.

I don't know.

I would agree with that.

So yeah, did you ever see Hamilton?

I actually did see Hamilton.

No, you didn't.

I can tell.

What did you do instead?

We got euros and had sex.

And was it good sex?

Was it worth it?

It was.

I mean, Hamilton tickets are expensive.

I was too sweaty.

The euro was a very heavy garlicky.

Yeah, it's wet.

The tuziki was everywhere.

We were in the back of a station wagon.

We were in the back of a station wagon having the euros and I'll tell you what, when someone burps in the back of a station wagon having housed a euro, you really get to know a different side of them.

Oh, like a little microwave with all the Hamilton people pouring out of the theater around us laughing and rapping and we're in there just steaming up the station wagon.

You got amazing parking.

I don't know how.

Yeah.

How were you able to park your station wagon right in front of the Richard Rogers Theater?

Yes.

Right in front of Richard Rogers Theater.

No.

Wait a minute.

It sounds like you're lying that you were parked there.

Did you even make it to New York?

Yeah.

We were in New York at the time.

Besides the writing, the set direction, the costuming and the performing, is there anything you like about theater?

I love stage whispering.

Oh, that is so much.

Stage whispering for people who don't know is giving the illusion that you're whispering when you're on stage but it's loud enough for the entire audience to hear.

Give us a little example of that, Sherlin.

Everybody get in here.

Right.

And it took us five plays to learn this.

You put your hand upstage.

Yeah.

So, so that the audience can see your mouth rather than blocking your mouth.

Yes, Scott.

Yes.

Like I know these terms because I, you know, I used to be a bit of a Thespian myself.

Upstage, of course, refers to the days when stages were tilted so that the bottom of the stage was down and the back of the stage was up.

Raked.

Thank you.

Wait, did you know that or are you just shouting out raked?

I just took a guess and just were you looking at the leaves outside your house right now?

Yes.

How would I describe them?

Right.

Scott, what, what, what plays were you in?

I was in Oklahoma, West Side Story, Joseph's in the amazing technical or dream codes.

You see any of those?

Wait, yes.

All of those pretty.

No, you haven't.

God damn it.

Have you seen any play?

Do you even have you seen any theater at all your entire life?

Good question.

Tough question.

Tough, tough.

I already know the answer.

You have not.

Why would you ever, why would you do plays if you've never even seen one and don't know what makes a good one?

It's not a play, but one time I saw the man who murdered my grandmother, electrocuted.

I mean, there was a curtain probably when they, they pulled the curtain and saw a squeaky little yellow curtain closed when, and they're like, yeah, get out of here now.

It's done.

Yeah.

How was that?

Did that affect you profoundly?

Yeah.

I mean, it's basically the whole thing of zip zap outching my head the 2014.

Yeah, I'm sorry.

You watched a live execution and your interpretation of that is a play cough zip zap outching my head.

Yes.

The title is from the point of view of the guy getting the guy getting electric.

I know we understand.

No, we got that.

Yeah.

Just a little bit of zip zap outching my head and then that's going to be the last one that we hear because we are running out of time.

So, yes.

Okay.

Well, I'm just trying to set expectations.

The last one.

I mean, I would love to hear more, but unfortunately the clock ticking as it does.

This is Bob and Sherylin Wessex from zip zap outching my head inspired by the death of who was this the man who murdered your grandfather?

My mother, yes.

Grandmother.

Oh, and how did she die?

A strangulation from a man who got electrocuted later.

Okay.

So it was, was it a mutual strangulation?

Was it some sort of like sex thing or was she was in on her hands where the first layer in his the outer, but he still got in trouble.

Okay.

All right.

This is mutual though.

It's always good to ask about murders wasn't mutual.

Sure.

No, I just wanted to know this is zip zap out.

I had Bob and Sherylin Wessex.

Here we go.

Well, what would you like?

Is your math last meal?

I'd like a little bit of beans, little bit of coleslaw.

Go easy on the juice.

You just want fixings?

Well, what do you suggest?

A slab of meat.

Do a rib.

How about a porterhouse?

Now this section, she lists cuts of meat for about five more minutes.

And then we snap back.

Okay.

So we'll add that.

Okay.

Or just.

And just a salad for me.

This friggin jumpsuit with all its weird holes and got me feeling so fat and stupid.

Just give me some kind of light salad or whatever.

I don't care.

It's your last meal.

A California roll at most.

I just, if I have another meal like that, I just feel like shit.

Three, two, one.

Oh, oh, oh, my head.

That's the, wow.

And the lights flicker in the theater.

Oh, oh, I can only imagine.

Yeah, that's yeah.

That was honestly, that was the most powerful one yet.

I, you know, I mean, the whole five minute period of listing stakes.

I think you were right to edit that out in the retail.

Okay.

So, yeah, but I mean, we got canned.

We got canned by that one.

It certainly would have been avant-garde.

Yeah.

Violent J ripped into the stake list.

No.

He is their theater credit.

He's their theater credit.

Wow.

Amazing.

Well, that.

Well, guys, I keep making that money.

Making that, that, I mean, you're raking it in hand over fist with those side bets, those side pod actions.

So, yeah, I mean, oh, to who Gabe Kaplan, a rake.

Oh, rake.

Okay.

Yes.

Oh, God, I got it.

I think he's a great callback, but you said rake callback.

I don't know who Gabe Kaplan is.

Yeah, no rake callback.

That's it.

Who gave capital?

Oh, that'll be a side show.

We should do a podcast where I just explain Gabe Kaplan things.

Yeah.

We should do a little or wish you and I should do one at the end of each episode.

Yeah.

We explain all of our references.

Yeah, that'll be good.

We'll have footnotes at the end of these.

Well, we are running out of time.

We just have time for one final feature on the show and that is a little something called plugs.

A plug is a thing that is hard to explain.

It could be something you're starting or shoving down a drain.

So fill up my ears while you bathe in your fear that nobody really cares what you do.

Well, I can't.

Hey, that was existential plug by Wobsy.

Wobsy.

Thank you to Wobsy for that.

All right, guys.

What are we plugging?

Obviously, AP bio this Thursday.

First of all, you can see all of the previous two seasons on Peacock currently.

And then this Thursday, they're all dropped all at the same time, all these eight, including these two that sound incredibly amazing.

And then a couple of those episodes sound probably you can see them being a little rushed because it sounds like you're getting to the end of the day up against quarantine.

So if you see people like saying their lines really quickly and looking at their watches, you can tell it's from those two days, right?

There's some boom mics in the shot.

We just we had to use it.

We had no chance.

Yeah, let's go.

Yes, all eight episodes are our favorite season yet.

Super exciting.

Check it out September 3rd this Thursday.

This Thursday.

And I'll let you guys plug anything else you want.

I mean, this is your time, Patton.

You have anything else coming out?

I just really am excited for people to watch season three of AP bio on Peacock.

It's so good.

Yeah.

Are you nominated for an Emmy or anything coming up?

I am nominated for Best Writing and a Variety Special.

And today is the last day that people can vote on that.

If you are a television academy member, throw those.

That's not talking for clapping.

How about you go in there and click that box?

Thanks.

Yeah.

Mike anything or no, I'm sorry.

Not Mike Bob anything else.

Were you plugging AP bio Bob?

Yes, I was.

Sorry.

I was.

Check out the eight episodes.

Oh, yeah.

No, this Friday we open our brand new musical.

Hmm.

Don't tell me about it.

Sing me about it.

So check it out.

It's at APM tickets are $45 a piece and we will see you there.

I think it's a I think this one's a really good E Scott.

We haven't finished the costumes yet, but they're getting there and we're very confident and this.

Don't put those don't put the holes that don't put the weird holes where your stomach is.

Okay.

I doubt I doubt it.

We will.

I don't think we will.

Is that a late edition in the process usually?

Sometimes that's the night before screaming and crying and then yes, some of the lines change the next day.

Yes.

Okay.

All right.

Hopefully not this time.

Cheryl in anything else you want to plug?

Just I just that show AP bio.

I just heard it's fantastic again towards the end.

It seems like anytime a character would cough do a star swipe off into something else.

But again, I think it's an incredible show.

Like, all right, I want to plug.

First of all, yeah, we mentioned the Emmys.

If you are a television academy voter, throw me a vote for between two ferns.

Anyone in the Emmys can vote on that.

So, you know, please, please feel free to click on our name.

And I also want to plug my side podcast.

We have to stop talking TMNT on CBB.

We have a new episode coming out this Thursday.

It's the podcast where I talk about the teenage mutant Ninja Turtles.

With Sprague the Whisperer, you can get all of those episodes at Sean distance Patreon, which is you just look up Patreon and Sean distance.

All right, let's close up the old plug bag.

You start with a C when you want to close it up.

You bleed with an L and then you own.

You bleed up the plug bag.

Open up the plug bag.

Shake your hands and open it up.

Generation you'll come to then.

He just says, open up the plug bag.

Open up the plug bag.

Everybody wants to open up the plug bag.

Keep your fucking open up the plug bag.

Open up the plug bag.

Open it up.

All right, guys, I want to thank you so much.

Patton, always great to see you.

Thank you so much for having me on.

It's just, again, I love it.

Pleasure.

Thank you for being here.

And Bob and Sheryl and good luck to you.

I mean, how much do you think you're going to rake in on these on these bets come Friday?

If we go fat and stupid in the first 20 minutes, we stand to gain $40,000.

Wow.

So you bet.

Whoa, you bet 40 and you're going to gain 40 or you bet 20 and you're going to get 20.

What's your nut?

Oh, Scott, please never.

No, OK.

Right.

Well, good luck.

And can you do just a little section of that show?

Don't don't tell me about it.

Sing me about it.

Opening this Friday in Michigan.

I forget the name of the town there.

Adrian.

Just a little.

Adrian Michigan, yeah.

Adrian Michigan, just a little taste.

Well, Barbara, don't tell me about it.

Just say it.

Oh, you expect me to just say it?

Well, why wouldn't you?

Because I want to sing about it.

Well, I don't care about that.

Just say it.

Are you pregnant or not?

Just say the words.

Don't sing it.

Yes.

You didn't tell me about.

Oh, shit.

What is this?

Did you let it out?

Has it been the whole time this whole sweaty side of my stomach?

Oh, my God.

I feel so fancy.

Yeah.

He said it.

Wow.

All right.

We'll see you next time.

Thanks.

Bye.
